I’m not going to lie, it was by far the worst movie I have ever seen
Theater scene from Ragnarok also helped to expose Hela's level as a threat, right? By clearly showing the difference in how Mjolnir has been treated by Loki (completely terrorized by it) and by her (casually stopping and then breaking her old toy). It was a very good scene
Amazingly that isn't even Matt Damon's best cameo... Nope... Not even close and if u don't know which cameo is his greatest, don't worry cuz also SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW
This explains what I was suspecting. Taiko Waititi with guardrails = good; Taiko Waititi on his own = disaster
So its an even worse version of James Gunn? Whos already pretty insufferable for the same reasons - hes just slightly better at remembering the big picture... even if he make a bad joke out of everything on the way to it.
8:19 The only movie of hers I've ever enjoyed was The Heat with Sandra Bullock.  That was pretty funny. Like a 6.5/10
This movie was hard to watch and a prime example why you don’t let the director write the script.
When the fat lady jumped out in that play I laughed so hard. IMO it was meta. A perfect picture of what Marvel has become.
I liked this movie.
Thanos was on to something.
Ragnarok is most rewatch able MCU movie while Love and Thunder is the least.  Shockingly bad.
So basically Loky is Lucifer...
It's like a person tells a really good joke and everyone laughs, then the person repeats the punch line to milk more laughs, and even repeats it a third time (yes I have witnessed this much to my dismay).
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Bridesmaids. She starting taking herself too seriously after that.
I forgot this movie existed
Great critique. The issue is a microcosm of Disney's overall issue of trying to recreate the success of their original IPs without knowing what actually made the originals so successful.
And now TW wants to do a Judge Dredd movie?? 🤢🤮🤮🤮
8:13   oh my THANK YOU for verbalizing this!  she is atrocious!
I can't listen to this Captain Obvious. Why didn't you find bunch of preschoolers and tell the story to them. 😂
I fell asleep not even mid way through the movie and I wasn't even tired, that told me that it wasn´t worth re watching it
Thx for the video!
Thor was played out long ago. Enough with the goofy sequels.
I mean I get that your whole account is supposed to be criticizing movies but why are they always  "bad" movies that you nitpick about? Like is there any movies that you've praised, whatsoever? Like at this point it's just annoying to hear you complain about anything that comes out these days.
I still think they missed a beat not calling it, THOR FOUR MORE THOR
10:59 fin
@8:20 I will answer that.  No.  No she wasn't.
Taika is trash, simple.
Unwatchable movie
The directors ego got in the way with his girlfriend stroking it further.
Christian bale carried thor love and thunder dude is such a underrated actor every scene he is in just steals the spotlight from the main cast
Love And Tunder had the potential to be one of the very best Marvel movies ever made. They had the materials from the comic books for this. The concept of a disillusioned god slayer using Knull's sword against deities who are in fact just very powerful imperfect pieces of shit, there's alot of philosophical and moral ideas to use here. Could have been a massive multi-film masterpiece.  ...but *this* is what we got instead.
Horrible, horrible movie. The title looked cool though...Thor ragnorake was ten times better
I didnt even know this existed XD  and im in no way interested in learning more.
2:43 that girl trying not to fall in love
Bro, I think Melisa McCarthy is hilarious. Her impersonations of Sean Spicer in the SNL skits as well as her lip-sync battle with Jimmy Fallon were peak comedy.
very accurate review👍
Still haven't watched it...
Jesus your review was worse than the movie you’re just babbling
4th reason for a scene you forgot- “Fan Service”
I'm excited that Hemsworth admitted that he got too carried away and said the next one will be more grounded and darker which puts some hope on it
Wearing your baby as armor is wild
It sucked because there was too much gay stuff in it. The target audience for Thor is heterosexual men so obviously it’s gonna fail when you put gay stuff in it.
Why crap on McCarthy? Yes, she is funny in many previous roles. This guy just occasionally hates on certain actors and it’s not rational
So bad I couldn’t get past the first 10 minutes.
And it also was pointlessly woke.
what is with Disney. and employing adult children to write movies?
when you start rooting for the villain because his motives are more relatable and passionate then the HEROS>..........
Great video man
Gave up before this one came out.  No loss it seems.
More information on writing in this video than a 4 year degree.
It sucked because the entire persona of the main characters was written in a way that tarnished the image they had built.
Has been a while since I saw this but loved it, it was the most comic book feeling movie Ive seen.  Ragnarok I mean, not Love and Thunder.
Thor 5? Oh god Noooooooo!
Can we also discuss how much Christian Bale put into the role of Gor? The opening scenes of Gor losing his daughter were absolutely heartbreaking and belonged in a much better movie.
Melissa was insanely funny in Bridesmaids.  After that, nothin'....
lola and baliwog
1:55 all 3 require a good director and actors also. Great writing can be destroyed by bland actors. (Cough kristen stewart cough)
u missed one key point... the plot of the movie was spot on... it was a golden plot. but the movie failed its own plot.
It sucked because of Disney and Taika Waititi. They made Thor into a joke.
And here I thought it sucked because it was a blantant, in your face, pedo grooming flick. Maybe the Drinker left the film early.
Thor l&t was just pathetic
By the time i was done watching this movie i realized it was fully written for children under 12 years old... I'm guessing the studio thought it was a good way to future proof their franchise profits into a new generation who they hope will rewatch these movies for another 15 years.... ug... profit ruining art/entertainment is seriously a crime.  Christian Bale's role was the saving grace.
Huh... Thor movies are following the Microsoft Windows pattern. If Thor 1 was Windows 3.1 then Thor 5 should be XP and thus the best Thor movie of all time.
Just ask the writers of "Vikings" to read the god butcher comic and give a script.. Marvel it's not that hard
I really liked the first Thor movie, and the second one was okay. But you're trying to find value and meaning in Ragnarok and L&T when they're just parodies, or rather humiliations, of the Thor myth, made by people who hate heroism and masculinity, for an audience of Californian leftists who also reject the Western values embodied by Thor. Ragnarok was a bitter mockery, L&T a big feminist turd.
This was a trash movie, it was so bad they literally covered Christian Bale in makeup but did nothing about his jacked up teeth. Seriously why was he in this movie? He literally is the same person in everything he’s in (minus American hustle).
I truly enjoyed love and thunder - the silliness was, indeed, overdone but I saw it as a boon - a juxtaposition to the other themes of loss and death
No shit Melissa McCarthy is in it
I'm so glad I never had to see this movie
So basically the first watiti movie worked well because there was adult supervision. The second when they gave him the keys to the candy store failed miserably due to no supervision.
Critically read 'How to read a film', and it's wonderful.
Well he did say he would destroy it...
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Hott Fuzz, for the first 15 minutes of the movie. That’s all.
The Cargo Cult movie equivalent: the first time it did well, so it is repeated and even amplified, but without understanding all the storyline nuances that had made it great the first time. Now an empty shell of itself, nothing but a giant wink to the audience: "remember how great the other one was?", it will go on so long it'll make you even resent the previous iteration.
Plus don't forget that it shows how Thor has grown from previous movies. He is no longer tricked and figures out what is going on pretty quickly.
I watched the movie on the plane and kept going forward because its long and boring. Definitly a movie of "i want my money back" quality. Personally thats most of what Taika makes for me, expensive actors low quality
IMO it is very VERY impressive if you look at both movies for comparison; it is wild the 2nd one was made by most of the same people because it screams “trying to be a Thor movie” imitating the previous one
This was the first movie I have ever walked out on
Love and thunder had all the ingredients to be absolutely amazing - but it took all the worst parts of the previous movies and extended on them making them the main part of the film. It was really bad as a movie - there are scenes that are completely unwatchable. Every time I go back to watch it I sit and think for a second and then skip it.
I hate tiki! Dude is a complete idiot
This movie was trash!
So when Odin died it released Thors sister from hell ...... I see...only got that now...
No comment.
I fell asleep halfway through the movie 😅
Is that Melissa McCarthy? The rebirth of Chris Farley?
nice
Who's up ragging their rok?
People who say they liked love and thunder are straight up lying
An 11 minute video that is supposedly about why Thor: Lovr and Thunder is so bad, and then proceeding to talk about Thor: Ragnarok for nearly half the video; until 5:18. Come on, man. Disliked automatically just for that 👎
I'm not sure what issues you had with Thor: Ragnarok; that was an amazing movie. Thor: Love and Thunder was absolutely trash, though.
I agree with everything you said here except where you say that Taika's problem is a lack of focus, I think his problem is an over abundant ego. He let his ego get in the way of his being able to make a good movie.
This version of the character was fkd up from the start. He was too serious too dry, then he turned into a fkn cartoon character, you can't have both at the same time.
The whole movie sucked except for the villain he should’ve been In a different movie and the actor was great
I disagree, it's a comic movie. Infinity wars was serious, but we need this vibe in our goofy comic movies, especially after such a hard arc.
I didn't mind it. It was fun. It wasn't groundbreaking for sure. Maybe from your perspective it is bad. I was also a new dad and low on sleep.
"Bridesmaids" was the only real time Melissa McCarthy was actually funny.
To be honest, the humor in this movie really landed for me for some reason, I laughed more than Amy other marvel movies but the script was so retarded that I couldn’t bring myself to watch it again with my wife. In short the comedy worked but the plot failed
Meh you win some you lose some. Marvel will be just fine
The generosity and goodwill shown to the people behind these movies in this review is really satisfying to see and makes the critique work way better. Instead of just dismissing everything outright, Drinker observes their motivations and what they were aiming for, and points out what works and doesn't work. I really appreciate it.
Another thing about that scene in Thor Ragnarok is, if you were a big fan, you would have waited for the post credits scene of Thor 2. If you did,  you would have learned that Loki is still alive AND impersonating Odin. That scene in Thor Ragnarok is even more brilliant because it trusts that its audience would know what is happening and that Odin isn't Odin from the start,  knowing they would have watched the scene and KNEW Loki was Odin, making the scene hilarious from the start.   Because while I was not a fan of Thor 2, I LOVED Loki, and I felt Ragnarok knew what it needed to do to make its biggest fans happy, while Thor 4...  ...Pretty sure whoever wrote that screenplay pretty much wrote it as if it was an essay the night before it was due by reading and copying the previous homework and hoping to get the same grade and that we wouldn't notice. It's sad and takes its audience for granted.
Waititi is teenage Shyamalan without a twist.
This movie sucked so much ass, that i wonder how there was any left for people to sit on.
My biggest problem is people going into the theater, having low expectations, not reading the reviews beforehand, and saying the movie was bad and a waste of money. Just wait till it’s free :/ I thought the movie was funny and corny enough to keep me watching and Christian Bale being amazing was good enough for me.
did i just see someone charging into battle with a baby strapped to them? in such a way that would break the neck of the baby from just jogging? what is this
and why they made chad god of olympus into fat coward
I was agreeing with everything about Taika until 9:14, He's got a luffy shirt on? Shit he's the goat
Personally i loved it maybe its because ive not seen a marvel movie since end game
At this point there are more bad movie directors than good one
I would agree about the opening scene.... but..... Matt Damon!!!!
Totally down with the critique except for one small point.  Melissa McCarthy is a great movie comedienne as long as she isn't being directed by her husband.  I was a hater too, and of course the movies are ridiculous, but that's what a lot of comedies are
Your accent is really hard to listen to You do the exact same loop at the end of every single sentence.
2 years later and I'm watching scenes from Thor IV and not recognizing a lot of the scenes as it was just that forgettable whereas I can easily remember the scenes from Ragnarok.
The problem with love and thunder isn't just that it was bad. It's that it bastardized not only the Asgardfan mythos, but the Greek pantheon mythos as well on top of that. We could have had a cool introduction of the Greek pantheon to the MCU, but instead we got this piece of garbage.
If that movie will save us from future Taika Waititi projects it was well worth it.
It was woke crap
Marvel is scared to be serious so they undercut every serious scene with humor. And it's cringe
Lol, interesting parallels with how hollywood does Norse mythology. Or how hollywood does native americans, the vietnamese, still does villains as german, russian, Chinese or middle eastern, all the movies still fighting nazis showing how the americans won all the time as the heros, or the english doing scottish or irish, or romans in period pieces, or doing the persians, mongols, chinese stories like mulan by disney etc etc etc.
Spent my money seeing everything marvel in the movies, haven't spend a dime since endgame
Am I the only one who thought the entire MCU jumped the shark shortly after it got big? FFS I really wanted to love it all and I just can't. I've tried to watch multiple Avengers movies and couldn't get past 5-10 minutes. I feel dumber for trying every single one.
Watching this a couple years after watching the film, I realize how little I actually remember from Love and Thunder. So little of the film actually seemed to matter or have any impact.
I love how none of the films I like catches the drinkers eye.
hey man, I'm new to this channel, and this is the first time a youtuber has ended a video with "go away now". Subscribed.
My criticisms are as harsh as yours. Love and thunder had very good everything except for a story. Comedy, characters, antagonist, visuals, and sound design. But it had nothing tying it together. It truly feels like a director said "it would be cool if" and then just threw everything in.
Good little analysis
fasd
__ A seen is a thing that happened in a movie like I done seen that.
Thor three was pretty bad too, so i dont know why anyone was surprised.   Yes i know i am the minority when it comes to this opinion
Taika Waititi ruined this film. Hated his Korg character. Hated his voice. Wish he'd just f-off and leave film making to people who are good at it
Thor was done so wrong in the MCU. Bro went on self discovery every movie
Another way of looking at it is that Thor immediatly acted in reaction to seeing that play in the first szene. This means that szene was important enouh to make the main character act on what was happening. That szene in Love and Thunder spawned no reaction at all from any character at any point in the movie. So if not even the characters in the movie deem it significant enough to even react to it, why should it be important to the audience?
6:10 I would say the play could be showing how the Asgardians are adapting and integrating with Earth and humanity, but I wouldn't go much further than that. At least give it that much credit. I haven't seen it, but I'm guessing the movie fails to actually execute that at all, but it's still a surface level value to the scene for later movies if they decide to fix the franchise.
If you're going to copy something that's been done in the past, copy WHY it was done, not HOW it was done.
Matt Damon as loki again was amazing
If you say that travesty of a movie Ragnarok worked pretty well you are part of the problem.
Asgard having the ethnic makeup of a New York subway will never fail to break my suspension of disbelief.
Thor Ragnarok was pretty bad also.
Fck! he's so good at reviewing movies!
I think people praise Ragnarok too much and trash Love and Thunder too much they are both mid movies but looking at other videos on your channel, you love hyperboles because it get clicks Marvel tried to make Thor 2 more like Game of Thrones and I think they should've insisted with Thor 3 and 4 also, I think the Russo brothers had the best Thor in Inifinity War. perfect balance of everything
Melissa McCarthy isn’t funny. She’s just annoying. By all means, try to convince me otherwise but I really don’t know why she’s essentially seen as a female Jack Black
I watched Thor love and thunder and that theater scene was pure cringe.
Yeah, in ragnarok its like What happened? Someone must be pulling thor's leg.  Oh, its loki. No wonder. And thor is pissed.   In love n thunder What happened?  What the heck happened?  What was that???? So cringe...
I remember liking this movie when I saw it at the theater because I thought it was really funny. Then, I rewatched it when it started streaming and the jokes weren't funny because I had already heard them. Since I was no longer laughing, I was able to realize just how empty and honestly boring the movie was from a story standpoint.
WAIT... the hammer pieces are basically cosmically unliftable due to space magic, but you can pick them up just by scooping the dirt under them with it??
yapaholic
Ragnarok was ❤the best
this movie was good?
first 4mins of the vid is straight yapping, get to the point.
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Mike & Molly, Spy, and The Heat.
it could have been so much better if they actual used the comic stories
when writers don't return, you know shit will burn
I am increasingly convinced that the worst thing that ever happened to movies was CGI.
It took me a week to watch Love and Thunder because I couldn’t watch more than ten minutes of the movie at a time.
How can basic story structure which movies you critisize, require talent and if it lack it you’re all over it and say it’s bad Making a good movie doesn’t require talent That would mean 98% of all movie makers are geniuses And your argument and criticism falls apart when you would probably praise Thor Ragnarok and call the director talented and genius but now turns out being a disgrace Movies are made by hundreds of people Writing a movie doesn’t end up as isolated from the process Rewrites and colabs during filming counts to, but you just judge and speculate Oh, you’re drunk Oh, you make money by being negative I see
They shouldn't have tried to copy ragnarok. Thor 3 should have been a much darker movie. Seeing as how the main villain is called a "god butcher", we only see him kill one god and he didnt butcher him. Its a shame, too. Gor is one of the most notable enemies thor has fought
I already didn't want to watch it after seeing the trailer, but videos like this definitely cement that decision in my mind.
Bullshit artists be bullshiting, tidego weianker is a dei hire that ran with his below average mind bullshited people into believing he can cause bullshit baffles brains.
i liked it
As a Germanic Pagan,  Thor is a God, not a superhero in a comic book. These movies are for sissies.
I personally liked the movie; honestly, I feel like we have gotten so many bad movies and TV shows as of late that when we don't get something perfect, people just call it trash because all what people want anymore is as close to perfection as something can be because of how bad things have been.
Every writer should watch this video.
i liked the movie
I don’t think Taika is this dumb. He tried to get out of making this movie and just didn’t have passion for it.
what about the fact that an advanced space fairing civilisation are in their new home basically a tourest trap instead of using their knowledge to how wakanda how its done? its not like they lost every single engineer, medical professional or inventor when their world died.
I was never happier to miss a MCU film, though I have been ^as* happy...
You have freaking Christian Bale as Gorr who is a really interesting villain. Director thinks screaming CGI goats are more important. Tells us everything about Waititi's writing capabilities.
This movie made me mad watching it. Constantly contradicting itself scene from scene.
this movie ruined everything for me. it was just too much. I knew marvel was ruined
I will first say that Taika did a great job on "Thor Ragnarok."  BUT Taika utterly wrecked the Thor franchise with "Love and Thunder."   I didn't like Korg as a minor character in "Ragnarok," and I couldn't stand Korg in "Love and Thunder."   But Korg was just the tip of the bad iceberg in "Love & Thunder."
if you think melissa isnt funny you need to watch tammy dude
I don't understand the hate with this movie it honestly wasn't too bad apart from Zeus flicking and jane dying
Tbh I never thought Mellisa was a Stellar Actor, but she’s definitely made me laugh on Multiple occasions, especially in the Movie THE HEAT (2013) 😂😂
What I would wager that 99% of people missed in Love and Thunder was that the theatre scene was to drive home the point that Asgard has fallen even further since being established on Earth. They went from a galactic superpower, to selling their history as a stage play for tourists. That's a sharper decline than the one we saw in Ragnarok. The parallels are immense.  I'm sorry but if you're going to say that Love and Thunder sucked, without pointing how how much further Asgard had fallen since Ragnarok, then I can't finish the video. Thumbs down and I'm removing this channel from my lists of recommended videos.
i still dont understand how people dont like this its good like what it was really funny and good only thing that is fucking dumb is the women power shit.
Gorr was such a good character, even though he's super underpowered in this movie.  Its really too bad that movie was an absolute dumpster fire
Was a great movie
Okay Valkyries role was not pointless. At all.  She is easily one of the best female characters in the MCU and was just some dirty by the writers.
part of what works for me with the loki exposure scene is imagine if it WAS actually Odin! Thor would have accidentally murdered his father on a hunch! otherwise, it was a brilliant plan as it would force loki to put survival above personal power or die holding onto it! 🤣 plus, there is the weight of what thor says about the realms being in trouble while Odin is goofing off. shows how much thor had grown that he is willing to risk his "father's" life and some sort of punishment should he be wrong just to make sure asgard has strong leadership.
9:13 i can recognize one piece anywhere
That theatre scene isnt even in top 10 of crappy scenes in that pieces of shit movie.
marvel nowadays looks like fcking trash
Honestly I didn’t really care about the movie. To me it was ok.
Open your jaw to talk
This move was on the same category as dragonball live action 😂😂😂
They could’ve had the entire movie be improvised and be better
Yeah, Disney treats Norse mythology like everyone else it touches these days: dogsh1t. And Waitit can be good, Jojo Rabbit was good, but the director could clearly use some much needed self-reflection to attain the big budget professionalism.
Thor 4 feels like the Great Value version of Thor 3.
9:10   The unmitigated irony of calling Waititi a "kid in a candy store that just wants to mess around, try out new ideas, and have fun", while he wears a Luffy shirt is almost too much for me to handle.
i don't understand , does the screaming goats meant to be funny in the movie ?
Came out on Netflix. Still haven’t watched it.
It was because there was no Loki
Thor Love & Thunder is a fairytale for kids, literally. Korg is recounting the story to a bunch of kids, in classic 'Korg humour'. This is why the movie is silly and goofy. It's a kids story, embellished, exaggerated, over the top. If you watch it, with that in mind, it makes more sense. It may not make it better, but it makes sense.
I liked it.. well at least some parts the beginning story of the villain was very well done.. but his symbiot sword was under done.
i swear i don't understand how anything at all of ragnarok can be good
Love in Thunder's play scene is there only because it was in Ragnarok and Ragnarok was successful.
I actually liked Thunder. It was fun. I don't have any attachment to any particular way a character should be presented, so the goofy theme worked for me.
jesus christ, why is this guy so angry???
worst part is, the core story is one of the best, possibly the best, of the marvelverse, I actually enjoyed the movie for that part but oh my god so much  dross  to suffer through for those little gems and certainly not a movie that improves on rewatching  unless you hold you finger on the remote's fast forward button for large swaths of it
I would love seeing Christian Bale killing other gods than this filling scenes
I never understood how they managed to make Ragnerok a fun, thoughtful, clever, and re-watchable movie, n yet TL&T could end up being such an awful, cringy mess...it's like they didmt even try the second time!
People just associate fat ugly people with comedy.
Well, you're getting a dislike from me for trying to be generous to that creature you call a director.
The writing team "was" pretty good at their jobs. Or the writing team members were pretty good at their jobs
The Thor as an over-the-top, not funny, not witty, plain old Himbo makes it just.. sad.
i thought the opening scene was a coke cola commercial
Wow, your analysis was great, I"m an aspiring film maker, that was some of the best training toward what not to do I've ever seen.  Keep drinking!
Typo writing the play to tell the audience how bad the Norse gods acting are with terrible acting, no costumes, no beautiful scenery and all it does iis reaffirm to the audience how bad the movie is. They are already realizing that though.
I haven’t enjoyed Taika in a single thing so far, and I’m generally a standard American sucker for a good accent where it counts for like 60 acting points.
once you inject a "message" in the  movie, that has nothing to do with the story, it's fucked.
in a fight where no one was killed and seeing the evil just lose to kids just stupid, if you dont wanna kill kids just dont add them
When you realize Critical is a nobody. He just rants on pop culture. Have you done anything in your life?
08:19  Melissa McCarthy was utterly hilarious in Spy.
I slept with @criticaldrinker. He’s hung like a wild yelling Thor goat
the moment natalie portman went on TV and claimed this was the gayest movie ever, turned out to also be the moment that i decided i would never watch it. EVER. i hate that i cant watch this flick. but i will never change my mind.
Hearing this pitch - we’re making a movie with academy award winners Russell Crow, Natalie Portman and Christian Bale.  An action movie featuring Chris Hemsworth in the lead and Bale as a villain with a tortured soul. We’ll have a MASSIVE budget - should make us all crazy excited.  Then hearing it’s a disney movie ended all hope for the project.
Hollywood: "hey, someone take notes, this guy might be onto something! What was that he said? 'Character...development'? Huh, what a a funny term."
This is only the 3rd movie I've ever walker away from before it ended.
Would it be apt to say the movie is like Thor Ragnarrok if they let the make a wish kid write the whole movie and not just add one joke?
What happened to Lady Sif? she wasn’t even in Ragnarok
I remember my dad and I knew this movie would suck thoroughly, but we still forced ourselves to sit down and watch it once it came out on Disney+    We had to sit down four separate times to finish the movie ONCE.
9:13 they really thought blurring his shirt would hide luffy
4. Looking cool
Go woke....go broke
Natalie portman with muscles lolol XD
Love and Thunder is essentially a parody movie, for example this scene If the intention was to parody the scene from Ragnarok then it is somewhat passable, the problem is I don't think it was intended to be...
If I die and go to Hell and I'm getting the Ludovico Treatment with this film then I'll know I've been very evil indeed.
I actually forgot about this scene
What I find interesting is that this hollyweirdo tonko wahkeekee or whatever thinks somehow he can just write a comic-book movie, he approaches it like a comedy disregarding everything to do with the actual characters and mythos behind it and then follows a laid out pattern that's established through the other shit writers of these marvel movies. It's amazing how bad they continually fuck up to figure out it's not that easy, but then again, they always got the fall back of blaming the fans to get off with.
Who plays the actor playing Hela?
I have a feeling the main reason Portman agreed to come back to the MCU was because they promised her her character would die of cancer and never get another call from Disney again.
Makes sense
6:59 Carrying a baby in to a battlefield is just begging for a double kill
One positive thing I got out of Thor: Love and Thunder is that it helped me realize that Taika Waititi is a massively overrated film maker. I like Jojo Rabbit but Thor: Ragnarok does not hold up all these years later
Let's be honest, that theater scene wasn't really that good, either.
Thor was ruined by badly written humor. They turned him into a joke.
The self insertion is ridiculous.  It's tacky no matter who or in what medium.  Why is it so hard to tell a fresh story? 🤦🏼‍♂️
Taika Waititi, is a brilliant director. But as all directors sometimes they produce stinkers and he is an excellent comedy writer as well (see What We do in the Shadows the original film that spawned the series and Jojo Rabbit). I think the most problematic aspect with the MCU is....the MCU. We've been doing this song and dance routine for over 15 years now and quite frankly everything is becoming very stale.  Yes yes 2008 is not 2023 but that doesn't change the point. We've been inundated with superhero films which are by the numbers, formulaic, and packed with tropes. These movies are now so bereft of ideas (because everything has been done before) and are now trying anything to see what sticks.  IMO the MCU needs to take a long multiyear haitus...
Tika is a one trick pony... and that pony is now past it's prime.  Time to take it to the glue factory.
Taika is SOOOOO overrated. And he's going to make a Star Wars movie. (sigh)
It’s almost as if Kevin Feige was never the actual guy with the magic touch. That Ike Pearl guy is looking more and more like the one who gave us all the good stuff.
I think Drinker is a little too hard on the second scene for being bad at world-building. It provides a good example of how much the Asgardians' culture has been degraded.
I enjoyed the theater scene, but I understand your perspective. If it doesn't move the plot along like with the first theater scene, then it doesn't make sense to be there. It could have been something they added as an end credit scene
Tiaka’s been on the down hill slide since what we do in the shadows
Matt. Damonnnn
I mean...I thought Melissa McCarthy was funny in 2015's Spy.
It annoys me how much potential Gorr had as a villain. Of course Taika Waititi had to ruin everything.
You know it’s bad when I forgot this scene even existed until I saw this video.
i am sorry but you kinda sound like korg
I want to buy the creator of this channel a pint 🍻 🍻 🍻 or three...lol 😂
Anybody else love the fluffy hela❤
my theater was dead silent at every “joke”
Another thing to consider is, Ragnarok made the scene both to show Asgard how Loki 'died', giving world building along seemlessly. This scene tho, Asgardians must have already known how Odin died, wouldn't want his death portrayed in a comedy skit, isn't for anyone of the cast, heck the whole main cast isn't even THERE, even explaining why Thor wouldn't have his hammer could have been done easier. This whole scene is just "Remember this? This is it but silly" and goes against why it even was made. They fucked it up in EVERY regard
One thing about the play scene too is it makes light of a movie that people considered weaker compared to other Marvel movies at the time. It was a self deprecating and self aware response to people's reaction to that movie's melodramatic nature. The play scene in Love and Thunder takes one of the best and most emotional moments in the franchise and makes it silly, makes fun of it and doesn't hit the same way because that movie and scene was well received. It cheapens it over all.
How many movies have you made? that's right your a pathetic youtuber
I hated this movie so much...already the the title made made nervous, showing the wrong direction....spiralling into a ridiculous unserious "comedy-thing".
Wtf you mean the movie “sucked” the only thing that sucks is your channel, so don’t start shit when you don’t have come backs, if I see my comment in a video 1 month from now will prove to me that your a loser
What an amazing and thought provoking analysis from a chronic drunkard!
Taika just want to prove his allegiance to the rainbow people 4:52
Pretty funny watching this after Taika came out saying he didn't give a fuck about the movie anyway. Nearly a complete waste of time....
What the scene in the 4th movie does is set the tone for the rest of the film masterfully.
VERY Well Said.
it wasnt a disaster. what are you yapping about
the fact is that, both movies are just a piece of sh1t
why you talk like that
Is it bad that I have "watched" this movie already and I don't really remember half of the scenes showed on this video?
They thought they could fool us into thinking Melissa McCarthy has as much screen presence as Cate Blanchett.
Compare what..? All 4 Thor movies are dog shjt garbage. Each more worse than the last
09:44 Cripes, imagine four hours of this. 2 hours was more than enough thanks
This makes me glad I slept through most of Love and Thunder and will not return for any other waste of my time and money.
Jojo rabbit was amazing tho...I think he just let his head get too big for Thor 4...
Love and Thunder was the first movie I couldn’t finish watching, thank god it was streaming and thank god my internet took a crap that night. 🤣
It’s a great movie fun and nonsensical and I really enjoyed it.
The guardians of the galaxy characters also felt very different personalities in love and thunder
What’s sad is how quickly they emasculated Thor, compared to his first couple of Thor/Avengers films? Heck, what they did to Loki was even worse!!!
Regardless of anything else, Chris Hemsworth played his (poorly written part) well
All the women went to see THOR , they went to see Chris Hamsworth 😅
I agree with most of your assessments but in this instance, I do not.  I enjoyed the hell out of Thor, Love and Thunder. Since Ragnorok, the Thor movies have trended towards the silly side of humor which seems to be fairly unique in the super hero genre. The genre as a whole takes itself WAY too seriously… franchises like X-Men and Spider-Man are downright depressing in their gritty, endless struggles. How about a happy ending once in a while? The homage to Jean Claude Van Damme at the beginning, the screaming goats, the jealous lover bit between Thor and the axe, and Russel Crowe playing a portly Zues were all hilarious. And this movie still had a fair share of gritty, dark conflict and even some very emotionally powerful scenes. Granted, Natalie Portman is not a very strong actress, but she didn’t ruin the film for me.  So we’ll have to agree to disagree on this one. Keep on, keeping on. 👍🏼
disney assassinated a fictional character's character.  in the last two movies they made thor fat and then glib and cartoonishly sarcastic.  clearly disney writers did this intentionally.  why?
I hate what they did to Thor ever since the whole "drunk, lazy, depressed buffoon". Ever since that, the character has been disrespected over and over again, leaving only a parody of what he used to be. A parody so egregious that you I couldn't take 1 single scene in L&T seriously. I didn't give a shit when Jane died nor the villains backstory.
I got a dopamine hit from watching this takedown. It was absolutely spot on. I don't get Taika's humour. It's not funny. He shouldn't be allowed to wedge it into any of his movies. Same with Jojo Rabbit. Great concept. Poor delivery.
Idc what you nerds say, it was fun and entertaining
The issue was pretty simple. He inserted an unnecessary amount of pointless comedy that detracted from the plot.  He essentially shot a Marvel Movie in a parody film style and it didn't mesh.  It felt very much like a big budget version of Space Balls or Airplane.  If Leslie Nielsen was still alive, he would have 100% made a cameo in the movie.
Thor Ragnarok was great, it made me look forward to the next Thor movie ... then Engame happened and fucked the Thor stories.
I had to rewatch your vid a second time, the moment you started shitting on Melissa McCarthy I was too busy laughing my ass off to be able to remember anything, god what a vile woman, how do people think she's funny???
I'm not a fan of the "writer-director" thing. It's two different arts, and someone who's good at one, isn't always good at the other. There are SOME directors who can pull off writing, but not a lot. By all means, most directors have others helping them with the writing. But, so many of them shouldn't be allowed near a screenplay before it's done.
Thor 5?
I usually agree with him, but I gotta  stick up for Melissa McCarthy. She's one of my favorite goofballs
I just realized a lot of these scenes didn’t even look familiar , and I remembered I couldn’t finish the movie bc it was so bad and corny :| I was looking forward to it quite a bit bc how good Ragnarog was
Actually turned this off about 35-40 mins into it and never finished it
I dunno, call me biased but I don't put this on Taika. the MCU has been lost since endgame. They didn't need to make any more movies, the plots were all tied up, but they didn't want to say goodbye to their cash cow. If writers wanna wring whatever money they can out of disney execs, I'm actually fine with that. Our flag means death is a brilliant show with great writing and it's right up Taika's alley. He rejuvinated the thor franchise with ragnarock which was in a fucking nosedive for the first two movies, but his style isn't suited to the grandiosity of the super-hero franchise. His silly slapstick stuff arguably messed with some of the other movies in the MCU which started to incorporate more of that gag-adjacent stuff to the detriment of the immersion. But that's just how he writes. He doesn't care about phony severity, which is the bread and butter of superhero movies. He's better with low-stakes concepts and genres, where it's more fun. I gave up on marvel mostly because I felt a little bit grossed out by the way they endlessly spin-off and make new characters and shows and movies. It's not necessary. Taika's got a creative spark and he can make original stuff, he doesn't need marvel - except for money, lol.
deadpool 3 will suck ass
I didn't actually know that Ragnarok wasn't written by him, that explains everything. I really enjoyed Ragnarok.
Because the Director is a prank ?
Love and Thunder was trash also because of what it did to Gorr
I actually liked thor:2. i watched it after ragnarok. Thor LoT wasnt even worth watching pirated
Superhero movies of all time ranked: 1) Iron Giant 2) Daredevil 3) Lucy.......AND THAT'S IT!
I completely forgot that Melissa McCarthy appeared in this movie. My mind literally suppressed it!
Thor 5?! Please stop
It's tragic because Taika is absolutely brilliant! I still regard JoJo Rabbit to be one of the best films ever made. It's just sad knowing what he's capable of.
At this point if Im not being choked with woke propaganda Ill take it.
Taika Waititi sucks. Everything he does is almost funny but not really.
Thor 4 is UNWATCHABLE TRASH & it's a shame because u had Bale as the villain & tawacky or whatever his name is ruined it 100%
melissa mccarthy - lead role in "Spy" I found it pretty hilarious  but I don't think it's fair to say "is x was ever funny at something" just because scene in general was not funny
Taika watitti is such a boob
love and thunder sucked for sure .. but  also ragnarok .. but no that much .. or maybe yes .. both are an insult for thor
I mean, I like Bridesmaids and Spy and they had Melissa McCarthy in it. I also heard she was good in Will You Ever Forgive Me? Although that's a drama not a comedy...
One thing I noticed that Marvel did (and was bothered by) was their over reliance on comedy.  The Phase 1 movies had a bit of humor thrown in, and people praised it due to the comparison with DC (and other superhero movies) that were focusing so much on "gritty" storylines so the comedy added much needed levity to the genre.  But, as the phases progressed, they kept pushing the comedy more and more, to the point where now it's almost just as bad as the gritty DC storytelling. This seemed to be the culmination of that, with Taika almost thinking "people really loved the funny and goofy aspects of marvel, so let's go all in!"
For someone called Critical Drinker you sure lacked critical thinking when making this video, pal. Because your critical analysis completely failed when you decided to oppose Ragnaschlock and Dumb and Thunder against each other like one is better and the other isn't. They're both bad. The scenes you're comparing are both godawful, but for different reasons. If anything, the one from Ragnaschlock is marginally worse because the theater play from Dumb and Thunder is merely bad out of subjective and technical reasons, but hardly is a detriment to the characters or story. Meanwhile, the theater play from Ragnaschlock completely character assassinates Loki and the lore of Asgard. Why is  Loki so careless when impersonating Odin when previously he was known as cunning and smart and his schemes would never appear on the surface. And was he never thinking about Thor returning back to Asgard and suspecting something? Did he never think about what to do in that situation? Not a great plan. And from that point on it's character assassination galore, for both Thor and Loki. You can hate that scene in Dumb and Thunder, but pretending the one from Ragnschlock is good is critically incorrect. I still can't believe there are people in Mauler's circles who like that movie, considering it's worse in terms of character assassinations, lore destruction and horrendous plot and dialogue writing than even the worst of Disney Star Wars.
The biggest threat to a franchise is their own success.  When a show or movie does well in a franchise, it gives off the perception that the IP is good or that the director is good or the actors are good or any other superficial thing. And this results in studios loosening up their wallets to invest more in the sequels. However, this is the main reason why these sequels fail.   More money =/= better quality.   When you have a production that involves some level of hardship, this actually helps to ensure the final product is the best that it can be. However, by removing those hardships, you remove the incentives to make something good. It's something that I like to call "First Draft Syndrome." Normally, when you write a draft of what you want to do but find that it runs into issues with other creatives or perhaps budget issues, then you're forced to refine it and re-think the design. This process of refining the draft makes it better. And the more it gets refined, the better the final draft ends up being.  However, if you remove the roadblocks and let people just take the first draft and run with it, then you've effectively removed any incentive to refine the draft to make it better or more concise. You're just using the first draft without so much as a second look. First draft syndrome.
Melissa Hackarthy needs to go take a piss
Tiki watitit if that’s how you spell his name shouldn’t direct anything again and just be in small side rolls like in free guy.  He’s the opposite of a James Cameron or Spielberg
I can't understand some of the criticism Ragnarok received. It didn't take me long to realise that this should've been a one off because it was a comedy & piss take & was funny as hel(la) 😉 I loved it & it looked great. It should've been an alternate universe movie where all kinds of crazy things happen & then get back to reality in the next one. We complain about out of place comedy in films that don't belong & rightfully so but Ragnarok was deliberate comedy & it worked brilliantly, so I didn't have a problem with it but did in the first Avengers movie & all the other ones that think it's clever when all it does is detract from the seriousness of the storyline. Look at I Robot, great one liners in there but boy what a story, Die Hard, the same, you weren't put off by it because you still believed the story. It seems now jokes are thrown in just for the hel(la) of it 😉so just doesn't work. After Ragnarok we should've got back to the serious business of fighting evil in Love & Thunder & what you said about it was spot on. Everything about it was shit because they got up their own arses with Ragnarok & thought why don't we go into the Carry On business of movie making. The Carry On Movies are classic & sacred, so leave it to the experts for fuck sakes & stop tearing down the fabric of characters we've grown to love in the comic books & then realise in the dream of seeing them on the big screen. I still remember where I sat in the pictures at a midnight screening of the first Tobey Maguire Spider-Man movie in 2002 after growing up with him in the Marvel comics back in the 80s. So to see a bunch of self indulgent, egotistical, arse holes turn them into comedy clowns is heart-breaking. Who the fuck do they think they are to take the artistry, imagination & brilliance of Stan Lee & his creations & drag them through the mud just for laughs. The writing was on the wall when they kept fat Thor all the way through Endgame instead of going back to his original self after talking to his Mother. We all listen to our Mothers don't we, she's the one who really cares for us so that should've been the scene & the moment to do it but no, they had to put the comedy crap with Rocket & cheesy music in there, cheapening the whole scene which angered the hel(la) 😉out of me & still kept Thor as the beer swilling, gaming bum with ridiculous dialogue & fucked up facial expressions. Poor Stan Lee, he must be turning in his grave at what these movie making thieving bastards have done to his characters.
I totally forgot that scene in love n thunder even existed
thor ragnarok was great because the Shit Identitiy Crises wasnt started yet.
Good news as of today Taika won't be directing Thor 5
That’s why I end up just reading the god of thunder comic books, they really should’ve stayed true to the comic books. Because the books are far more character driven along with awesome fighting panels.
You don't hire a pole-smoker to do a human's work.
yeah it dose suck
This movie is the reason why i played God of War Ragnarok instead of watching it
??????? It's been a year since L&T came out!?!?
Taika Waititi got this job only because he made a holocaust movie and advanced the Hollywood cartel's narrative.
You lost me when you described Matt Damon as a "serious actor". His puppet in Team America had more scope than he does...
How could the theatre scene have the same actors playing, anyway? Did they gods make sure they were hired by the humans for the same lines with a CV proving their prior experience and familiarity?
What? They made a film were rather than working out for a year, Jane gets CGI muscles 💪 and is stronger than anyone? Did they turn Thor into a weak dumb ass?
I just got done watching Demon Slayer. How in the hell a damn anime has smoother CGI ,special effects, and better choreographed fights than a blockbuster film????
D: a scene can be about comedy
I don't turn a lot of movies off while watching them but I couldn't finish love and thunder and I really wanted this story to be cool but I just couldn't
I only remember Melissa McCarthy from Gilmore Girls and I liked her there, now she is like a completely different person, not sure what happened
Melissa McCarthy was funny in one movie Identity thief only time I ever laughed at her
Just focus on making a good movie not making women seem strong and indipendent fuck m
Bro, Mccarthy has been taking some manor thatrical L's recently, especially in cMy Little Box Office Disaster"  Like seriously, disney didnt even give enough of a shit to actually make the villain of that movie look like the original, and in fact, disney is now literally just like loki. They promise us a good thing and then murder it with soulless reboots and remakes, and theres even been people who have came out and said that there have been tons of good story ideas presented to the movie industry, but they almost always turned it down because it wasnt tied to an already existing IP, which shows the greed in the industry now. You cant make money with soulless products, no matter how hard you try
i like mccarthy....she's wasted in this movie
6:08 is WORLD DEVELOPMENT, it shows that the same guy acting in movie 3 is still acting in movie 4. It's like when you see a man and a woman who were flirty in 1 movie end up with the woman pregnant or with a child in another. If a series has no character mentions outside of the main cast, you would say it is poor. This scene just shows you how the Asgardians are living on Earth. Characters we had previously seen.
Both those films were terrible
I hate how you end sentences, why can't people talk normally on youtube?
Ragnarok was garbage too, don't understand why ppl like that  movie.
I dont remember anything about thor love and thunder.
why is he talking so funny
They just did another play? AGAIN??! The same joke AGAIN? But worse...
It was a movie for girls. It had a specific message that was probably the entire foundation upon which the movie was built. It's possible that he was the only director willing to play along. Is anybody here surprised that the kid in the movie was supposed to be a boy, according to the comics?
8:18 fact : actually she is funny because she is fat
Marvel is dying,all the movies she comedy movies not action and science fiction. They had the PERFECT opportunity to make Thor darker and edgier.  His mom died, his dad died, his brother is a douche and has murdered thousands for power, he watched half the universe get snapped out of existence, fought back to win, sister destroyed his hammer, Midgard is destroyed and they had to move to earth with remaining population.  Could have went a new direction.
7:18 *cries* I've been saying this for ages :"D Marvel shits all over Norse Mythology and it fucking hurts.
yall go into these movies as if they aren’t the most watered-down trope with the most ludicrous characters to begin with. Marvel has been in the dumps since Avengers 2, this was finally a relaxing funny movie that didn’t take itself seriously because super hero movies do not deserve it. This and the very graphic doctor strange was the only recent Marvel movie that i actually remembered. yes it’s cookie-cutter, yes it’s cheesy, yes it’s marvel, those are a package deal.
As someone who grew up with the actual tales of Tor and the other Norse gods, I find Marvel's Thor to be a complete mockery of our Nordic mythology and cultural heritage. I won't claim to be offended, but it's still sad to see how they turned these awesome characters and their tales into a total garbage clown show. But I guess it doesn't matter much, because we're not people of color, so our culture is fair game to be recycled into whatever kind of trash that sells the most tickets.
In my opinion, the only good Thor was the very first Thor. At some point after that movie, someone decided Thor was a comedian? He's a god, not a stand up comic.
Taika Waititi is like a guy who has successfully built and designed houses. With Thor: Ragnarok, he was given the opportunity to oversee the construction of a well-designed skyscraper.  After rising to the challenge (pun intended), he met with his bosses who inexplicably announced, "Now we're going to let YOU design a skyscraper." Instead of admitting that he had no idea how to do that, Taika just started laughing his ass off and stacking a bunch of shiny and expensive materials as high as he could with no rhyme or reason.  At the ribbon-cutting ceremony for what had essentially become a skyscraper-sized pile of garbage, the public openly expressed its disapproval of the misguided and self-indulgent monstrosity which now marred the city skyline.  Learning nothing from the abysmal failure, Taika's bosses have allegedly rehired him to design a second skyscraper, this time in the Star Wars district.  Not surprisingly, citizens are fleeing the city in droves.
I hear the same guy will direct Thor 5. Not for me.
Alot of less dense scenes that do nothing to increase the plot is what all movies are missing this days all but the good ones that are interesting and lifelike in pace. These movies arent either and its only more and more obviouse that these movies are getting worse and worse targeted at 12 year olds. I couldnt finish in 2 sittings
Love and thunder sucked because Taika Watiti sucks. But Hollywood is so starved for talent that they’ll hand the reins of their biggest properties over to anyone who’s ever written a half-clever joke. See PW Bridge.
why is taika's shirt censored?? it obvious whats on the shirt, but i cant fathom why every damn thing has to censored in such a way
I watched about 15 minutes and it near made me puke, total crap
Why couldn't they afford to hier a writer?
I saw this movie in the theater twice.  It was not that great.
A personal opinion, i found your voiceover sound very irritating, the pauses and the infllections in your narrated voiceover sounded artificial and forced. Overall, for me, the voice killed any interest the video content could have generated.
I love the amount of opinions I have in this modern age of things for me to not care about
I never liked this Thor so I wasn't disappointed that I didn't want to watch this steamer
The original scene from Ragnarok was also a clever subtle fourth wall break (the choir music for one example) - rewarding and acknowledging the audience with a nod to the last movie which is why we felt so invested/involved in it.
HEY BRO ITS FOR KIDS GAFL
Thank goodness you don't need a plot to sell action figures.
It sucked because of overbearing leftist social engineering.  End of video...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA, it looks like a cringe puke bollywood film. Absolute trashwater.
Here's a revelation: Its told thru the eyes and personal experiences of Korg, a sartirical alien... wait for it... then you can understand better and enjoy the film. Amazing lol
1 year later disney is even worse
Yes, SUPERHERO FATIGUE is a real thing now
For me Love and Thunder theatre act is fine, It's entertaining. But what I don't like is the part when Thor's Storm Breaker flew for no reason and got jealous. 2nd the CGI head and 3rd those kids that given a power to fight the enemy. Of course Thor can defeat all those enemy (see in the avengers endgame). He can by himself. And also too many comedy. It should be well balance depends on the scene.
Possibly a controversial opinion, but I think they should've brought back the director of Thor 2 (Alan Taylor), or even Kenneth Branagh from Thor 1. Both would've worked better for the more serious tone of Thor 4, from Thor having to deal with his own depression, the god butcher, Jane's cancer etc. Both directors have shown they do a good blend of humour and serious, ie "congratulations, you just decapitated your grandfather".  Or, to be really adventurous bring in Edgar Wright, who was meant to do Antman 1.
It only sucks to you because you have no sense of humor
Thor Love And Thunder was ok, but I think it did lack focus on the main plot and pushed the comedy just a bit too far, you could get away with it, if your making a comdey action film, but this was meant to be Thor and the few films have made him more and more of joke than a serious charter. shame.
They wasted a perfectly good villain for this film…using an excellent actor too….
I really wanted to like the movie but the fact that I have only seen it once it pretty telling. I even saw the new Flash movie twice just to give it another chance but damn, movies lately have been a bit cringy
I remember enjoying the movie, not perfect, it had some flaws and an agenda I didn't care for, but I thought it was still good.
I enjoyed Ragnarok alot it's actually the only Thor film I liked. I was definitely disappointed in L&T.  But I don't really watch marvel much they kinda gotten shitty
I disagree. Ragnorak was bad and that scene only fuels the idiocy that became L&T.
Justice for god butcher 😢
Hey Drinker, i cant tell you why this movie was bad . it like everything to do with KIWIS, a little bit goes a very very long way
One of the reasons I like about Thor in MCU is he's goofy, but he's serious at the right moments. However it doesn't look like it on Love and Thunder where they try to squeeze as many jokes as they can. On which the movie could be a lot better already just to cut the jokes in half and just focus on plot progress.
Disney is destroying everything they own. not a surprise there doing it to Thor as well.
Purely as a bitter soul. I adore Russel Crow. But could they really not have found a greek to play him?
The thumbnail
the first time he directed a thor movie I really liked it but this is too much for me I saw this in the cinema and I couldn't laugh even if someone points a gun to my head
0:12 as a hyperactive twelve year old I take offence to this.
This movie felt like a family film whereas the other Thor movies spoke to the whole mcu fandom.
It's Marvel you expect them not to?
for a split second I was mad because when I watched this movie I was entertained... but.. then the clips started playing and I realized the only thing I remembered from the movie was 'cute little girl and Thor fighting end scene'  and I was like oh, well shit. it really is the weakest taika work I've seen in hindsight
introducing, disney already ruined your favourite old movies so theyll ruin your favourite mcu movies too like doctor strange and thor
I liked it
"Go away now"
I enjoyed the movie :)
the play in love and thunder serves a purpose. mellisa mcaerthy cant be a super hero now, i think thats a perfectly good reason for the scene to exsist
Really, this is a good lesson for anyone making any sort of published media period. If you're going to tell a story, you need to know the purpose of each scene, what it accomplishes, and how effectively it accomplishes it. If your first response to being asked if your scene accomplishes one of those three things is, "Well, that's too strict of a criteria," you aren't making something for others to enjoy, you're making something purely for yourself. And yes, I've talked to many an aspiring writer, and when I ask if their scene either develops a character or progresses the plot, they gave push back to that.
I think I've learned more about story writing in the past 11 minutes than any writing class has managed, lol.
It sucks so badly
Great shot of deer but some ugly girl was blocking the shot.
I laughed man lol smh 🤦‍♂️
I started to watch this movie recently before watching GOTG 3 and decided to skip it after this scene. It was just too much crap.
0:00 i immideatly liked the video
King Valkyrie was only king because she was trying to promote THE MESSAGE!!!
melisa mcarthy was hilarious in SPY. the entire cast was. just want to mention that. also idendity theftwith jason bateman was alright
"Hallmark of pretty talented writing" - good luck with that. Writers want a fortune to write total crap.
at least we can thank him for the set up at the end. I'm really lookin forward to thor 5 now lmao
So the all powerful goddess of death is an untrained fatty?!? I doubt that!
I thought this critiqe was very funny when it described what a "scene" is supose to be.  But you really picked the wrong "scene" to make your point.  NO you can't just replace that with a few lines of dialog from the tour guide!  Your attacks on Taika are funny but don't advance you critiqe of why the scene does not work.  You think Taika does not get how Disney treats Norse mythology?  He is metiporiacly AND litirally recreating Thor in what looks like a Disney Theme park!  What more do you want?  He seems to get it more than you do!  Admit that you thought this was funny! LOL
I hate this movie because Marvel has become funnier and funnier overtime, which worked for a while until recently. Having Christian Bale as Gorr the Godkiller would have been the perfect time to completely twist a movie that starts fun into a dark and somber one. But they didn't, adding Gorr to the list of villains I absolutely love who are treated worse than toilet paper.
L&T feels like a collection of comedy skits of the same set of characters with slightly different scenes patched up together to make a full ‘movie’
Got to disagree with him on this one. Thought the movie was good old popcorn fun. Not everything has to be sh*te
It is so awful because Marvel went woke, and that's it. 👍
I am now in the middle of watching this movie, and man, this is so horrible to watch that I had to pause it to stop cringing so hard.  There was a lot of unnecessary attempts at humor, that it bastardizes the trauma Thor felt during the Ragnarok/Endgame period, stupid character arcs with all the main characters, the stupid depiction of gods as childish assholes that makes you want the bad guy to win.
I've talked about it before that I think this movie should have been 2. They should have done one where Gorr was the villain, and it was a serious movie, and another without Gorr, and make it a funny silly Thor movie. EITHER of those would have been so much more successful than trying to combine the 2. Christian Bale did an amazing job with Gorr, and he deserved a more serious movie. But on the other hand, the interactions with Thor/Jane/Mjölnir/Stormbreaker are great, and It could have been a fun movie of its own, or even just a short. If they did one before Gorr where he met with Jane again and had the relationship issues with the weapons, then progressed into a more serious Love and Thunder it would have been fantastic.  I also wish they would have stuck with the original idea of Zeus being a sort of mentor for Thor. They could've used that for a more serious version.
Honestly,  never heard of the guy.
Am I the only one that enjoyed this movie? I think maybe people take superhero movies too seriously. I don't really care about superhero movies, because they 're...superhero movies. Because of that, maybe I can actually enjoy them and just have fun.
So I was watching the part about the play, where Thor loses his hammer, and as you prattled on and on, about how the scene prattles on and on, and explained in minute meticulous detail as to why  that particular scene was a pure and utterly complete waste of time, repeatedly saying the same thing a slightly different way. I was thinking if Drinker did this on purpose, to drive home the point of what a pure and utterly complete waste of time this scene was, well Kudos, for wasting my time!
I would watch remakes of the Thor movies where they're all in a theatre doing bad acting and with practical stage effects
Love and Thunder was unbearable. Have yet to finish the movie without falling asleep in sorrow and disappointment.
How can you watch all these trash BS movies without going totally bonkers  drinker ?????
Its written by 5 year old.
My only question about the Love and Thunder play is, who was the director of the play. In Ragnarock it would make sense that Loki was the one directing the thing since he is still alive and the fact that it was only him and Thor there. In Love and Thunder did Thor just stop by in his drunken state before/during the events of Endgame just say "btw this is how my dad died." Idk if it was ever explained in the movie since I still refuse to watch the movie. So if anyone knows the answer then just say cause I only like a small amount of Phase 4/5 stuff about Marvel.
The best character was definitely the bad guy. The “villain”
Every time you say 'Go away now' at the end of your videos, I always reply with a 'Okie, bye-bye' and close the Tab lmaooo
It was too bad that this film never actualized its potential.  Gorr the God Butcher is such a great character in the comics.  Sad.
Not much fun when the main chars are literally invincible...
Let's face it: a Thor movie series without Thor becoming king of Asgard feels like Naruto without Naruto becoming Hokage in the end. Somehow the hole point of the entire story got lost along the way and there is no way to fix that.
I got as far as Thor fighting by jumping and kicking like Jean claude van damme...i had to turn it off....i mean holding two space craft apart by doing the splits is just not true to how Thor fights and is stupid.
"A tiktok director, directs a marvel movie" the video
Even from the first movie, I despised how the MCU treated Norse mythology/heritage. Haven’t seen a film since phase 3, and I’m happier.
With a writers strike going on, these media companies might actually start making money (as in stop losing money as quickly)😅 . How can they strike and ask for more money when it's kinda clear t this point they've  been doing such a bad job?
It would be like Tony and Howard Stark having a drama scene recreated after Endgame
Don’t know if it’s been said but one of the most emotional scenes from Ragnarok is Odins passing and this movie totally ruined it. It wasn’t a joke. The Dark World was a joke. That 1st play scene in Ragnarok actually made that scene better by embellishing it
I didn't hate Love and Thunder, but I didn't love it either.... it was a "meh, its okay" movie to me. The constant, and I mean fucking CONSTANT LGBT theme being rammed down our throats with all the subtlety of Mjolnir being smashed against my head wrecked it for me. They want gay characters? Great! Have it serve a purpose in the movie... maybe Valkyrie is motivated by her lover being slain and wants to atone for what she feels is her failure... SOMETHING other then "look at us, we're gay!" And before the pink haired internet warriors get up in arms, its the same for hetero themes, either have it pay off at some point in the movie or why even bother shoving it in?
I wanna see the critical drinker make a movie. I bet it would be great
I have not, and do not plan to see this movie.  But ... can someone who has, please explain, is she really using an infant as a plate carrier at 06:54?  Or, am I seeing something completely different?
More evidence to support your hypothesis that post modern movies are all written by children.
However bad the movie was Christian Bale always puts in a good performance
Hated Ragnarok, which turned a serious character into a yuckity-yuck laughing stock.  Never considered watching "Love and Thunder".  Even the name of the movie is a turd.
Ragnarok made me love Taika, Love and Thunder made me despise him. I just wish we saw more of Hella, she was the perfect villain and her portrayal by Cate Blanchett was PERFECT.
Nice video  Interesting as that was, I went into most films with low expectations and then I'm not disappointed 😂
8:16 im not gonna say it but you all know
Seems like we've got another George Lucas on our hands
I liked Love and Thunder overall, but finished with the impression that my regard for it would be in the minority. I thought it was hilarious from beginning to the 3/4 mark. Unfortunately, it was unfocused, inefficient, wasteful of it's talented cast, and made Thor a gag character. I don't think those flaws make it a bad movie, but rather a disappointment because its lost potential was plainly obvious. Measured on its own merits, I thought it a funny comedy and a mediocre drama.
Melissa McCarthy was funny is Bridesmaids and has been dining out, unfunnily, on that ever since.
The disrespect and utter ignorance that Disney and the MCU has shown regarding Norse mythology and it's God's is pathetic and cowardice,  and it's offensive to take such amazing historical figures and history and the culture itself and turn it into a convoluted mess to serve the ego of someone who would crumble at the mere sight of such deities.
I smell the stink of a Kennedy here somewhere.
I heard the name "Melissa McCarthy", and I knew to steer clear of this dumpster fire. I surmise she was only briefly in the movie, but that's enough for me. Marvel has sunk pretty low...
As i see a problem, that i Like Lokie more. Well SUCK THOR. TURN evil easiliy
Why did it take me until now to realize Loki from “Dogma”, played by Matt Damon, is playing Loki in the play at Asgard.
Gorr in comic was pretty impressive character. Dangerous, treatening, but understandable in term of his motivation. And they turn alien who basically slayed almost all gods in univers into THIS?!
That random tour guide was Daryl 😭
He had is hands in too many baskets so he fumbled all of them. His direction style in Ragnarok was leagues better and it’s because he didn’t have the mindset to just get VFX and editors to fix everything in post also it was being written as it was being filmed. No time to storyboard and work out shot composition correctly or even check time restraints on the script. Not to mention it sets us Gorr and Thor having very similar problems with grieving and loss hell Thor got revenge on Thanos then fell into a depression there was never a moment though where either communicate that fact. It could have been a great character moment of Thor truly accepting the loss in his life through having to fight gorr. Pretty bad when a director can’t even map out the landscape for the people working on the project. His job is literally to do the set up to make post productions’ life easier. You said that he needs level headed people around him. No the director need to be the one who is the level headed navigator the one who guides the team to the destination, it’s their job to lead not be babysat by the rest of the crew. I haven’t worked on anything big budget but I was the producer of two student films and getting a good director was crucial to the workload and synergy of the team. It’s all about clarity, those that didn’t consider clarity or make styles guides and story notes confused the production team rather then giving then drive and you know direction. A director is quite literally just a film GPS.
The idea of not having someone else to curb his immaturity is very likely. I believe something very similar happened in the Harry Potter book series with Order of the Phoenix (book 5).   This was the absolutely longest book in the series by page count, *and* it was printed in a smaller typeface (10.5 vs 11 in all the others). There was *so* much that should have been excised, especially every single word related to Hermione's S.P.E.W. project.  I firmly believe that, after the unbelievable success of the first 4 books, Rowling succeeded in convincing her publisher that she didn't need a story editor, and if they wanted her to continue, she wouldn't have an editor! And some idiot agreed...
So noones gonna talk about the thumbnail ?
You should get another job. One that cheers you up a bit.
The theatrical play scene could've worked if we see Jane watch it but we didn't, idk why they didn't do that. That way it tells Jane what happened to the hammer and she her self goes to that spot alone by herself.(advances the plot) Where also would make her more sympathetic (as a character development?) towards Thor instead of being stingy at the get go about who left and what not, seeing how Thor went through a lot, and also it would contextualize and give more meaning to hear death when she fade away just like Odin did.   (She could also make it funny by saying "i hope this doesn't become a theatric play") would make sense only if thor saw the play too i guess, but i think he knows about it already seeing that he saw the previous one.
Can we give Anthony Hopkins some love for killing it in this scene?  Hopkins playing Loki playing Odin.
Mellissa McCartha is Hella funny! I could totally see her a Hella of a hilarious hellraiser! 😂
Next thing you know, you're going to have to explain to others that there's a difference between men and women....
The movie I admit was a waste of time but it’s definitely not the worst movie I’ve ever seen it’s like a 5/10 at best still love tails most of his films are Amazing like Jojo rabbit
This video should be mandatory viewing for buttercup, participation trophy “writers” -and use that word  VERY generously for the sake of ease of understanding…
Goh aweee noewww
you literally only critiqued one scene... It wasnt bad, it was just a popcorn marvel movie
I'll be honest.  I don't really...Hate this movie.  It's fine.  It's functional.  But it is a waste of potential and has some severe tone issues.  And by God, Christian Bale is utterly misused here.  I would have been OK if the movie has started funny, then had a dire tone shift once he showed up because his performance is genuinely creepy when given the chance.  He comes off as genuinely unhinged, I mean it's Christian fucking Bale you get what's on the box.  But his scenes are sparingly spliced in between Thor's jokey antics and a cancer subplot that feels unimportant.  There needed to be a point where the comedy was put to the side so that the more serious story could take center stage.  Also, the movie needed less Korg.  Like...Zero Korg.  Korg is not a funny character, he is cringe and every time he speaks I just want him to shut up.
if they significantly reduce their horrible jokes, and take serious scenes like...seriously. it could have been a decent film.
It had Melissa McCarthy in it. That should have been the first reason to avoid it.
Now hear me out.  Can it actually be that Taika being a well-acclaimed director with great original works and creative freedoms just trolled the fuck out of this attraction commercial bullshit that is MCU? The shittiness of the movie might be a performance in and of itself.  Now, obviously he can't say that in interviews because he'll be sued by disney to death since that's not what they paid him for.
As someone a fan of the Thor character and who strongly dislike the bumbling clown that trips over his cape parody it became in the MCU I particularly hated this scene. The asgardians are/were a strong empire, very sophisticated, powerful in magic and science. The theater scene sells them as bumbling idiots without a spark of magic to even do basic illusions for the special effects which may be a minor detail, but sells strongly how the whole movie is played out as.  Thor is an equivalent of Superman in heroism and stoicism. He will laugh, yes, will smile, will get drunk, but it's compartmentalized.  He's not a Spider-man to crack jokes or one liners when fighting. Imagine any of the Super-man movies portraying him as a bumbling idiot tripping over his cape and cracking jokes. Does that feel very out of place? Same here.
He keeps telling us to go away now.. but we keep coming back! When will we learn!!??
Imagine feige watching this movie for the first time thinking yes. What a masterpiece. I don’t blame just Taika for this shit. This went through a lot of hands.
The first 2 minutes were very informative. I started thinking about She-Hulk and how none of the scenes seem to meet the very basic requirements of storytelling. RoP is like that, too.
Dude was just BLOWING THROUGH all that money for nothing!
Tiketoy has a pedostash.
I couldn't even finish it. It was as bad as Wonder Woman 1984, and that is saying something.
Child warriors, children pretending to be the opposite sex by changing their names, women pretending to be 'Kings' because of a fundamental failure to understand the meaning of the word Queen... the complete lack of genuine emotional scenes and logical behaviour, Chris Hemsworth is a great actor to play Thor.. sadly he has been utterly failed in the Thor movies. by the idiotic scripts and plots.
"And things dint improve when Melissa McCarthy shows up"  They never do
The film was shite because that idiot Taika Waititi was involved!
Taika Waititi shouldn't even be in charge of an ice cream store and I want to know who does he know to keep getting jobs.
Fat women in OTT tight superhero costumes just don't look right. 🤣
There is a difference between making a funny movie, and making a movie funny… The former is what Taika Waititi is doing, and the latter is James Gunn’s directions…
5:43 why there is a spaceship in the background?I dont remember anyone in this scene traveling by a spaceship
Why is Thor carrying around a plastic lightning bolt?
Why people are showing Hyemdal’s son when showing bad graphics in Thor? It was just a projection and it’s not necessary to for the projected face to look real. I don’t agree that in that scene where Humdalls son use his power is necessarily bad vfx.
Gorr was made such a pushover it's honestly disgusting how Disney respects the source material.
12 seconds in and I can tell your poop hurts just by your voice.
This movie sucked because they turned the main protagonist into a bumbling idiot of a meathead instead of giving him the respect for being a god on thunder.
It sucked cause they ruined that story. One of the coolest stories
you had me at 'turd of a movie'..... you had me at 'turd of a movie'
I thought this was a Hilarious movie! I liked the comedy of this, laughed my way through it.
For me there two problems that prevented Love and Thunder from being one the great marvel movies; Firstly, it contradicted Ragnarok. The last film threw away what we came to expect from comic Thor which was his identity with mjolnir. They should have let Thor keep Stormbreaker and let the repaired mjolnir serve as a monument to Jane. And secondly it was too funny. It was like disney saw what people loved about ragnarok and just dumped more humor. Ragnarok also had serious moments too but the humour never dampened the seriousness of the story.
Thor Ragnarok was about 80% improv, they only had a skeleton script to guide main points while everything else was unscripted and improvised. If They did something like that for Love And Thunder I think it could have been funnier, interesting and more entertaining then what we got now.
Rosie O'Donnell was pretty funny when she imitated Chinese people by speaking gibberish.  Oh wait, no, she wasn't.
I thought the movie sucked because the script was just Wonder Woman 2.
its shit movie b'coz its ( M-SHE-U ) now
I'll give Melissa McCarthy a bit of credit, she was good in the hangover part 3
I loved this movie.
Thor Ragnarok also sucked wth, why is nobody admitting this 😵‍💫
I know you have a lot of criticisms with Taika, but could it have also been because the movie was rushed? 90% of all Marvel Movies in Phase 4 are so, god, damn, boring.
Do more videos like this. It was really well done and I learned stuff
They made Thor into an idiot who doesn't care about the collateral damage, he was never like that before
Another small complaint I had with this movie is that the Guardians weren't in it for a long time. According to the advertisements, it felt like they were going to have a much larger role, but it didn't turn out to be that way. It felt like I was being advertised a different movie than what I got.
The moment I heard Melissa mcarthy was in it I knew it would be shit
Jesus Christ loves you ❤❤❤️✝️✝️✝️
Intelligent story writing is such an amazing skill. Like to think they have to develop characters, give a screen grabbing first act, push the story forward second act and a 'pay off' great closing third act all while having clever dialogue and mentions and keeping canon consistent. Why do directors like Taika think they can even attempt to write a good story in a complicated joint up universe? It makes no sense. Marvel just needs the writers to be good not one trick ponies. I'm sick and tired of these crap stories with no emotional attachment to the charcaters, literally not caring if Valkryie dies, or America from MoM dies etc. Stories are all so empty currently, no real build up.
It was so bad Thor quit hollywood after
Thor 5? Why?
Would you review Sandman? It's too awful. I suffered watching it. Such terrible and stupid writing UGH. No pun intended.
all movies are iron man 3 now.
The way he pronounces every word that ends with the letter "s" by flexing every muscle in his head and neck, makes me wonder how he didn't have a heart attack while making this video. I agree with everything said in the video tho, he just sounds so fucking pissed the whole time! 1:38 1:55 2:02 2:17 2:28 2:42 5:43 5:56 6:52 7:04 7:24 7:35 8:34 8:55  9:33 9:54 This really was an entertaining video to watch, I just made this list cuz I was board, not to piss anyone off.
Having to explain to my kids what “orgy” was awkward. Thanks WokeDisney, I mean Walt Disney.
Such a let down!
Heard enough about this so I have no intention of watching it EVER!!!
Taika Waititi is basically a one trick pony and it's getting old. On the bright side, this movie made The Dark World  seem better by comparison.
An original idea might be funny the first or second time around. but repeating it will soon get boring. The play was a copy-paste from the previous film because it was funny (over-the-top acting with a clear bias and agenda). this film was filled with already done jokes.
I think he wrote Jojo rabbit.. *checks notes* .. he did! It was an adaptation allright, but still, in a sense these COMIC BOOK movies are too. And he did not fuck that one up. It was goofy, funny, yet cohesive and had an emotional gravity. I feel like Marvel fucked up as much as giving Taika a free hand as they did giving the same to Chris Hemsworth just to keep him with the franchise. Also Phase IV as a whole was more or less a dumpsterfire.
The way this guy pronounces his sentences I'm convinced he's sitting on the toilet pinching one out everytime he records...
well if im correct the last few marvel movies have been made by the creator of rick and morty
Melissa McCarthy is hilarious. Maybe not in everything, but BRIDESMAIDS? SPY? Hilarious, unless you just hate female comedians like most passive misogynists like you do.
I thought the movie was just "OK"  but primarily, the reason why I didn't enjoy it as much, was because: 1) The movie was trying too hard to be like Guardians of the Galaxy, but failed at pulling off the comedic timing 2) The pacing to feel the emotions, just wasn't there.  The comedy was really the biggest turn off. Because Thor movies typically have comedic moments, with a balance of being extremely serious when the mood calls for it.  And that balance was non-existent in this movie.
I had to what this if only to find out WTF that thumbnail was all about. Melissa McCarty. Hela. 'Nuff sed. SMH
I knew without a doubt that once Stan Lee passed away , Marvel was doomed for a few reasons. Disney still had to pass it all “ across Stan Lee’s desk “ and they could always follow the comics. Now  you have writers that have never even read a   directors who don’t care about comics
fuck me mate, I know you guys are paid per minute now days but you lost me on "lets consider what a scene is"  If I want to be condescended toward, I'll start showing up to family Christmas's again
You're over thinking this
i hate thor love and thunder. it should be trashed from the canon story line. it also removes all of the character development, and essentially devolves thor. it has no respect for norse mythology, any asgardian culture from the previous movies, and the characters are written in a 2 dimensional way, aka, taika does not use the actors’ skills well. this movie had so much potential, especially with the actors given, tbh i prefered the first two movies that didnt have taika on them. he fails to uses subtext and treats the viewer like they dont know their left hand from their right. im a teenager and can write better subtext than him.
Modern blockbusters are pure filth. Nobody cares about CGI anymore. How about good stories with practical effects? I was never a hardcore Marvel fan, but I've enjoyed almost a dozen of them, but now they need to stop. Just keep churning out all this garbage and they'll kill their own market.
My man draws out the last word of every sentence lmao
I agree the movie sucked, but I had to stop watching your video less than 30 seconds in.
Taika gets woke and the rest of what happens is on screen… anyone surprised with the piss poor results needs to be awakened
I'm glad the Drinker is here to school these numb nuts in the film industry. It was a big big big mistake for Disney to let Taika direct another Thor movie, and write it as well. I mean, what are the overseers in Disney thinking letting this sort of thing happen? It really illuminates what's going wrong with the educational system in the USA. If they had given creative control to people more deserving, it could have been a great movie. Basically, Taika + Thor Love and Thunder = George Lucas + The Phantom Menace ......and Korg = Jar Jar.
You’d think after all the things that Thor had been through, we would get something close to old King Thor or like Rune King Thor…… instead we got this🤦🏾‍♂️
So much potential, so little care for characters or viewers. This was a colossal turd. Only Disney could ruin something with so much promise.
I do have to contest drinker on one part with the scene in love and thunder. Yeah it was a bad scene and he has a LOT of good points on that.  The scene DOES however serve to provide subtle world building. The real problem with the scene is that it got front and center attention. This is the kind of scene that you put in the background and it gets like 10-15 seconds of spotlight... the closer to a minute it gets the worst the scene becomes.   For those reading this in the future, imagine that same scene except the screenplay is in the background as the tourist guide goes over the hammer and vague (inaccurate/ hyperbolic) descriptions of the Asgardian history and culture, meanwhile an actual Asgardian or two looks on with disgust the more this person talks. As they go over the hammer and talk about the events of Ragnarok, the screen pans over the one of the asgardians looking down in shame and melancholy before the screenplay in the back makes a big sound and they look over where the camera focuses and the poor retelling is continuing. The scene lasts only a few seconds, half a minute tops. Focus back to the tourist group as the continue, leaving one lone hoodie wearing person to look back at the glass dome with Mjolnir in it. Person approaches glass and reaches a hand to touch it longingly, yet weakly. Rotate camera to show a sickly looking Jane Foster (suffering from chemo treatments; gaunt cheeks, pale skin, dark circles under the eyes). She stares into the glass, seeing a healthy looking reflection of herself and shards of Mjolnir simultaneously (to represent how her life is shattered and broken as well as setting up foreshadow) and while staring flashback to scenes from what happened after Dark World and before Infinity War when she was snapped and images with voice overs of her cancer diagnosis. In my opinion, a much more powerful version of the scene right there with about the same amount of time and saves a lot of discussion later as well.   Additionally, she REALLY needed to be initially clumsy with her powers. She could have been a much faster learner than Thor on how to control the power and perhaps a LOT more innovating than him on how to use the thunder/lightning. This would further drive the nail that Thor is brutish yet powerful and Jane is clever and innovative. It also would have been super helpful to reestablish their romantic feelings for each other... since they already claimed it was killed when Portperson said she wasn't going to come back and they killed off the romance. It also would have been a good moment to actually let the audience see them connect as Thor would have a logical reason to care and like her outside of the idea that the plot needs him to. He would be able to be attracted to her warrior spirit and she would be able to understand more of Thor's view of things. During the teachings, he could have been able to slide in how he felt about her leaving him and she could have given her perspective on the events and why she left him. It can ALSO create tension as they can argue over what is right since they both have experience with the powers of Thor while coming from completely different views and upbringings.   Drinker is right that it is a poor scene, but it isn't entirely pointless. It just could have been MUCH better written and directed.
Is this film a parody?
Thor 5? Seriously. Put a fork in it!
Taika definitely sniffs his own farts
This is fake story made up by a secondary character, this is just a joke, I laugh a lot but I know that is rubbish, get fun!
I'm suprised Christian Bale didn't have a TerminatorSalvationlike episode during the filming of this turd.
Laughs in Puss in Boots.
I feel like Marvel has too much FX power and they just try as hard as possible to use every new tech even if it doesn't fit
Because waititi was the director. Thank you
spot on
7:43 Is that George R.R. Martin? lol
Thor 3 was the best Marvel movie, in my opinion. I wish they'd take the time to make these movies properly.
JoJo Rabbit was an amazing movie, Taika should stick to those types of movies. I don't want to see Quentin Tarantino directing Fried Green Tomatoes 2, I don't want to see Terry Gilliam's Grapes of Wrath sequel, I don't want to see Clint Eastwood and the Holey Grail.... Taika makes great Taika Waititi movies but he doesn't make very good James Gunn movies.
The entire MCU lost steam after Thanos got snapped away. Since then, it's been a disjointed mess with no compelling overarching story. Stop, stop. He's already dead.
Taika Waititi is a tired hack, cliché of human being. Poor little brown boy gets rich, and becomes a total egotistical degenerate of a human being. Corrupted by money and power, he abuses his wealth and his power over others, a disgusting shell of a man inhabited by demons.
So much for a god butcher, all he did was kidnaped a bunch of kids.
When the smoke clears, everyone might see that Taika, Kathleen Kennedy, etc were always props for the C levels @ Disney and never had talent, just hype. It shows in their writing , or lack of talent trying to write.
Decent director. Shite writer.
"sacrificing plot, character, and basically everything else for the sake of a few jokes" yup, that's the MCU nowadays
I’m pretty sure that the next Thor will be some gay transgender lesbian who will be crammed down Americans throats.
I tried to watch this and could not get through it. I literally could not get past those annoying screaming ass goats. Whose dumbass idea was that?
Marvel has become Star Wars.  Remember back when the CGI enhanced the movies by making them seem more realistic?  Now everyone believes the cgi tells the story.  And what you end up with are chaotic, messy set pieces that are nothing but explosions and lasers.
Its SUCH a terrible piece of garbage-movie.
You know why Batman movies are so well received? They don't focus on Batman.  The Problem with the MCU-heroes is, that we know them. Character development is limited, what we can have is side-character development or relationship development, or we put life-changing events in every movie. But that'll grow old very fast.  Butman does this differently. We all know Batman. We know his type of personality, we know his history, we know his relationships. Literally nothing about Batman is unknown. They sneak in some variety but at his core Batman always remains Batman.  So, with that literally out of the window, how is it possible that there are good Batman-Movies? His enemies. Look at the Dark Knight trilogy for example. It has its main focus set on the Villains. And it's not just the story telling that is set around the villains, even the perspective we have as audience during fight scenes is usually the perspective of the villains and / or henchmen.  And that is why Batman works. Becuase his enemies are much more interesting than he is. And you can have a new enemy each movie AND you can have the villains have character development on a much slower pace. You can re-introduce villains later and have them develop a relationship with the main hero. This also works well for Batman, as he is a hero based "in the shadows". A Superman movie, for example, that would be like that would be terrifying. While you want Batman to be terrifying, Superman isn't supposed to be that.  So how to apply this to the MCU? Literally the same. They should keep up with introduction series & movies for heroes which have their focus set on the hero/group that is being introduced. It's literally the backstory told as its own movie, so to speak. But from there slowly transition to a "villain" focused story-telling, with focus on the hero when it makes sense.  -  Another point to make is, that the MCU grows closer to its source material. And the source material, is not the most serious one. And that's where the MCU-clientele breaks apart, because the comics are made for children originally. And a lot of us joined this hero-universe based from comics as adults. So, having the impression that it is silly is kinda normal for those of us. There's still the point to make that for those who grew up and adore these comics this is still too far away or too hard trying to "overwrite". There are many reasons not to like or like something.  I just don't think it is the end of the world to no longer like the MCU content. Move on to different things. It's not just that the MCU developes and changes, you do too. And since it has been more than 10 years since this all startet, you, dear reader and MCU-watcher, are not the same person that started watching MCU movies.
Thor Ragnorok was one of my favorite movies for quite a while when I was younger , I’m glad you’re not as critical of it as you are of other marvel movies.
Melissa McCarthy's in this?  That's odd.  I thought I was seeing things.  I like to read the old nordic myths so I avoid watching these Thor movies, I don't want to have hollywood actors in my imagination when I read.  Same with the Great Gatsby, one of the best books ever written.  The director is about one quarter not white so I'm sure he got this job due to that instead of his merits.  Sometimes you have to conclude that it's all just about dumbing down people and not about making a good movie.  There's no other logic to it.
I love this movie for that exact reason it is just thrown together and has a lot of strange humor in it because it’s a story being told by that rock guy (I forgot his name) this has all the elements of a fun story to tell to a couple of kids also your humor is not the only damn humor on the planet just because you don’t funny doesn’t make it a bad movie
Shameless how Melissa has been in so much drivel. I’d rather wrap up her performance in The Heat, where I first saw her, and leave it like that.
I checked out when I read Melissa McCarthy had a bit part. Melissa McCarthy is to comedies what Brie Larson is to action movies.
Thor Love and Blunder
Taika isnt willing to do the work to know the source material.
I watched it. And was soooooo bad. Thor is woke and weak. The black lesbian queen is annoying as hell.
Stormbreaker getting jealous of Mjolnir is stupid.  There I said it.
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Gilmore Girls. But then again, that show had pretty good writers.
I'm just here to say: KORG HAD A MOM
this movie is why Taika should not direct his own star wars movie
Love and Thunder was a great movie
Taika Waititi just got lazy and bored. Too much praise? Too much cocaine? A divorce that left him jaded? All I know is he used to care. Now he just feels and acts like a bored and loud asshole, not that scrappy likeable Kiwi who manages to warm your heart while being hilarious as hell.
Imagine if Valkyrie was playing Hella in the play.  She would be king of Asgard but still reduced to playing a villain in a cheap play for tourists and then leads into her boredom of the job like she is later in the movie.  Boom theatre scene fixed. You’re welcome marvel, msg me for my number
Valkyrie only works in short moments.  Having her in a longer roll in a movie is moreso boring when she’s just a brawler without any real character
Do u also have an apex legends channel/used to have one?
The entire MCU has "bought into it's own hype" with this latest phase. It's devolved into something that resembles the DCU when it was trying to just copy the success of the MCU.  At least for Warner Bros, their "DCU" was an epic failure, so they were able to just abandon ship and start releasing watchable movies that didn't have to all be connected in a singular universe.. I think Marvel is in too deep at this point. Between the Disney+ originals and notoriety of specific actors portraying specific characters, it's gonna be quite the task to intelligently write their way out of the hole they've dug... Luckily for them, they've already introduced the "multiverse" as a concrete idea.. So they'll always have the ability to just switch universes as a "break glass in case of emergency" option.
They are making parody movies now
Still laughing at black Asgardians, funniest inclusive propaganda I've seen in pop culture in a long time
I liked this movie. It's still better than most movies that came out recently 🤷
To answer your question: No, Melissa McCarthy was never funny in anything she did. People see fat and assume funny, but the two do not necessarily go hand in hand.
For me, Marvel died with Iron Man 3. I haven't watched a Marvel movie since then.
In my opinion Thor 1: Great Thor the dark world: good Thor ragenerok: different but still good Thor L&T: The worst
Disney really can't find an in-between with anything.
Marvel sucks!
They need to stop rewarding a director who tells someone elses story well, by then letting that director tell their story. Directors tell other peoples stories its that simple, stop letting them write the things. If you think they are a good writer, then give them a comic arc to do, and watch them fall apart and you can sit back and say "well we gave you a shot writing, now tell the comic writers story like a good boy". Or we could end up with some amazing comic arcs and find some directors with some real stories in them.  Qualcom is a microchip manufactuerer they have a rule, if you want to make management you need an engineering degree, and need to have worked in making chips. So all their management understand what it takes to make a chip. Marvel need to do the same, if you want to be a script writer, then you need to work on the comics. Because here is the thing, they can copy the comic word for word, and everyone can know exactly whats gonna happen, and it can still make a billion box office. So get these directors to push their arcs past the comic fans first, why not? I know why not, because their films are junk
I thought the thumbnail was a photoshop of McCarthy as Hella. Now I am even further away from watching this shitshow
Well said
It's a lot of cheese.
Love and Thunder should've been the first entry in the Thor series instead of the fourth.
there is gonna be a 5th movie? oh right, they havent replaced the main hero with a girl yet
The writing for Ragnarok was smart? Well, maybe, for a 12 year old.
Go Woke go Broke
You can't save shit, but Christian Bale certainly got damn close.
💯% agree
Drinker please... review Attack on Titan, it's a bit of an investment but I'm sure you'll love it
I turned it off 5 minutes in. Did the same for doctor strange.
On a positive note that black and white fight scene was rly good and belongs in a better film
Hollywood is nothing but a bunch of people pleaser wokes that will ruin every iconic film there is...
Taika's whole style is just so played at this point.
Live and thunder coping Tropical Thunder
The fight scenes were the only interesting part and they weren't even that interesting
Ngl I just watched this movie, and I enjoyed it overall. While it did have issue with humor, that's always been the case with marvel movies. I would actually say that it got a fair bit better, as most marvel movies tend to undercut serious scenes with humor. This movie only did that once, and it wasn't in a very important scene, which I can overlook. I will agree that the plays were unneccessary, but I had nothing against them. I do wish we got more Gorr though, as he was an excellent villain with motives and sequences better than that of thanos at times. I also don't mind the character regression of Thor either, why would he go on to become king right after endgame where he was seeped in beer and depression? He needs to regain that growth that he lost after Ragnarok. The movie was better than par for marvel movies, easily. Though considering the competition, that might not be saying much.
Taika bought into the Fame and thinks he's the shiz now.
Taika gives off #MeToo vibes.
Late to the party, so sorry. I'm watching TLAT right now, half into it,  and it is great fun. It started as a parody and turned into a farce. Loving it.
Dude made a movie for his girls friend threesome fest trash movie
The answer is No! Melissa Mcarthy was never funny, not a single time
Ragnarok was bad for Thor and bad for the MCU. Taika took away so much of the weight and gravitas that comes with a character that is thousands of years old and part of an ancient culture in favour of trendy comical gimmicks and "lol let's have a trippy 80's disco in space". Sure there were fine aspects and some lovely visuals... but it desecrated my idea of Thor as a noble prince. I would actually much prefer to watch a Thor movie like The Dark World which at least has a better tone, then a Taika Watiti He-Man remake with Chris Hemsworth.
its like a high budget SNL sketch
can confirm Watiti is not self aware.
I don't know if you're joking about there being good actors cuz there are none
in the actual Norse Religion that's exactly how Loke behaves. a narcissist who wants to be glorified, who lies to save his own skin and who will do and say anything to get his way.
Worst review. This critic needs to do more research
Do people watch these marvel movies? It seems like they release a new one every week
It's a failed farce and a parody. It's a good lesson though, never (try to) parodies your characters to fans wanting to see them as they were. Paying a movie ticket shouldn't make you feel like you're the joke.
The common denominator for all this woke garbage is that I never remember anything about the movie except how nothing makes sense and how much it makes me roll my eyes.
The inclusion of McCarthy seems to be the joke. The choice of cameo is what is humorous, at least to me.
I think Bale did a pretty good job.
Because like to many things anymore it's about agenda over quality story
Mixing love and action into same movie isnt good idea nowadays...
Annnnnnd he’s back to the theater scene. 🙄
Okay, you talked about the second play scene so long that it actually made me want to go watch that scene more than to hear you talk about it. Too much talk about the scene. We get it. It was bad. Move on.
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Bridesmaids.  She was funny in it. Not much else was. The shitting scene was pretty damn hilarious.
saw a clip recently of a dude from Norway who explains how insulting their gods (thor, odin, freya) are being displayed around the globe. imagine making movies of christian heroes or islam heroes, how would that pill swallow
Pisses me off that Taiko is wearing a One Piece hoodie. A real anime/manga fan knows what hood writing is, he’s just an old dude trying to appeal to kids. -_-
Oh god did they seriously put Melissa McCarthy in this? I'll add that to my list of reasons of why I'm never going to watch it.
Great spot on analysis, I agree 100% with everything you said!
CGI is used way to much.
The characters are rather ridiculous. The girlfriend taking over is a very "today" thing to do. The girlfriend doing the Ali McGraw thing from "Love story" is drawn out and less than imaginative. All of the Marvel product is now disappointing with it's prepubescent humor and totally useless "Multiverse" concept that cancels out anything that has or will ever happen.
The worst ever. I want my money back.
Get Woke, Go Broke.  Creativity is Dead.  A huge % of our current crop of "writers" and "story tellers" are NOT creating new works.  The road is dead ended.  All they are doing nowadays is turning around, facing backwards, and bitching up remakes of existing works by slapping on patches of bondo that's whatever the current fad is.  And so, we get airheads like Jennifer Lawrence claiming there were no female action heroes before her.  Or, we get Love and Thunder that looks like it was written by some kids at a drunken frat party.  Anyone in this thread have ANY names of writers worth keeping an eye out for?
It’s not norse mythology. It’s comic book characters based on norse mythology. Huge difference.
Isn't the director Tika gay? Is he really dating Tessa Thompson. If he is date her, he is the most feminine straight guy Ive ever seen.
This movie looks like a cringy fan fiction, like when you you read it it’s kinda ok, because a fan wrote it just for fun for other fans, but here we have an official part of a franchise that have costed millions 😱
Hiddleston's clip on mullet is hilarious
The l and t movie was incredibly depressing and unpleasant. Especially when you have personal experience with the illness.  I will never Ever watch it again.
Good on ya. Cheers. From New Zealand
I just think Taika shouldn't have held back so much. Make Melissa McCarthy the centre of attention, queefing constantly, whilst copulating with Korg. Why go for half measures?  Oh, and have the villain be a comic book fan who is of course a white supremacist gamer bro. Have him easily killed because the enemies of Leftism are weak, and then Melissa could punch a hole in reality and take the powers of God Himself, then use it to make some dude her sex slave.  Hey, it worked once, and Taika is a great believer in recycling.
Sounds like the director took the same approach that Fegelin did with Chickbusters 2016:  filmed a bunch of cr@p, then tried to patch something cohesive out of it. Surprisingly, Dismal and Mehville really don’t care about losing hundreds of millions of dollars for years.
Thor is my favorite character. I was so excited for the movie then so disappointed.
No shit. They will butcher ANYTHING to do with white history and culture and will insert a million Jews and other non-whites into our history and culture. Not surprising.  They are openly anti-white.
I liked it.
So basically the gods endowed her with power because of equity and inclusion at the same time reducing thor as always in these movies to knuckle dragging clueless dolt because the patriarchy and #allmenarestupid/feminism...........next episode he is going to be trans
I only managed 20 minutes of the movie and then I had to turn it off. It was already irredeemable trash by then 😂 Bring back Thor 1's director (and writer) please.
So Taika is kind of a "comedy Shyamalan".
I'm grateful that this whole super hero movie genre is winding down
Is John Rhys-Davies in it?
The theater sketch was straight game of thrones.
I want Niccage Ghost Rider
@7:25 did he copy this scene from this?  https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxtsjGfoEP7HecH_Tpadfp6bS31baa9nDa
This movie was sooooo ass!
It's clear this is a movie designed for kids that don't care about CGI quality or a plot.
As a side note, seeing Taika's sweater blurred out at 9:14 was satisfying reminder that Disney doesn't own everything and hasn't even really tried to get into manga/anime. (If you look closely, its Monkey D. Luffy from One Piece)
I don't like what they did with Zeus in this movie. Zeus could have been a super cool, epic, strong villain that Thor could have a cool, epic, strong final fight with alongside his friends. I don't know how the comic displays Zeus, but I just don't understand why they would do him like that.  Gorr too, they disrespected my guy Gorr too
Not only was this one of the top two worst mcu films of all time (captain marvel the other) but it might be the worst cbm ever made.
not a single word towards how the final act of love and thunder was probably the best segment in any thor movie before, just constant harping on the lesser scene quality of a joke? cmon man.
Cuz they use the necrosword and mention nothing about symbiotes.
your opening lines are pure acid...brilliant!
The entire thing seemed like a big joke.  It was just stupid.
How exactly is Thor able to catch the lightning bolt of Zeus?
Love and thunder was a fun movie. It didn't need to be the best marvel film. It jus needed to tell a fun story and introduce the necrosword which I believe is going to play a part later as well as the new items/weapons showing up it the MCU. My guess it that these items will be necessary for the new avengers to defeat Kang.  Anyways, Thor 4 was great for me. Let's be more critical about the movies and stories that play more into the more critical long term story of this new marvel saga.
This was the first movie where I kept checking my phone to see what time it was because I couldn’t wait for it to be over
As soon as you felt the need to swear within the first two sentences I stopped watching . "If in danger or in doubt ,wave arms, swear and shout"
Marvel Movies are terrible 😔😔😔 Thor love and thunder what a  boring story, silly, lack of quality plus wooden humour
Love and thunder sucked because Ragnarok sucked but everyone liked it for some reason
I imagined Zeus's palace should of been more magical and awesome!? But just looked simple and basic imagery of a lord's temple...😑
Taika Waititi is a creative guy, but even in Thor Ragnarok, the overall mood of the film seemed very awkward. There's way too much slapstick for a movie with such a serious plot. Thor's homeworld gets destroyed and many of his friends die. Why is Thor and everyone around him acting like goofballs? It undermines the emotional impact of the film's battle scenes involving Hela and the climax of the movie later.
I actually thought Ragnarok, was a bad movie. It had a few cool moments. Like Thor realizing his power to 'Immigrant Song, started awesomely. But then quickly devolved to stupid "Sparkling punches" on the bridge...... ugh. Talk about shitting on your own scene. Will we ever get a Marvel movie that appropriately shows what these god level superheroes are _actually_ capable of? They ALWAYS have to hamstring the heroes powers in some way. They either think fans are stupid and can't handle it, or they are just too incompetent, or lack enough imagination to come up with appropriate stakes.  So saying Love and Thunder was bad, is a gross understatement.
In modern studios defense. Like every time they give a director a bunch of freedom this is the result almost every time
I can't stand any of this Marvel s, but I liked Thor.. That's probably quite telling.
Seriously - I fell asleep during this movie. Sucked so badly.
although you said that both movies were so good, i still think that both are an unwatchable pile of horse sh!t. Marvel simply does not know how to make a decent movie. First Ironman was ok, but even then they could not resist by ruining at the end. The whole point of these movies is to sell toys to kids. Any human would any measure of self-respect would not be watching this junk. You gave too much respect to the first movie. It simply was terrible.
Marvel actively wants to make a farce of norse mythology cause white people
The worst for me is all these dumb jokes. Pretty much all of the newer Marvel movies are full of lame-ass comedy and dumb jokes, even in moments when it doesn't fit at all. The big bad kills someone and whatnot, and after the scene shifts, the heroes crack some dumb joke about some dumb topic. This seriously hurts the quality of these movies.  But I get it, they can't reproduce the quality of the old classics and instead are producing one movie after another for as long the hype exists to maximize the cashflow.
8:18 no, no she never was funny, not at all. whoever pays money to that woman to be funny entertained, got scammed.
If you really don’t like something, just don’t interact with it. 😂 this video made me want to watch the movie again, ergo more money for the people you’re calling out.
Taking two mins and turning it into eleven mins of great content. Good play sir.
Honestly maccarthy is funny in mo iee like SPY but this movie made her into a headache
Bales gorr looked like shit.
The fact this shit was even given the green light from Feige proves his ego is writing the cheques.
Marvel is failing in writing and from the heros travel outline 😪😪 just shit now days!!! Plus Disney hires non writers who hate to use the source materials!
Lol TH s fat lesbian in the Thumbnail i love it. Now WE have to See ugly people in movies...
What they did to the Thor character in End Game did it for me.....Thor will never be the same again.
The only good thing in that sh.t of a movie was Christian Bale.
Did he actually say "mis-chee-vious"? In a published movie?
I was sp fucking sad after watching this movie. How could they just fuck it up so badly.... pretty much may have killed the Thor franchise
funny to think about, Christian Bale now has the best performance in both Marvel and DC universe
As a fan of Taika's earlier films (except maybe Eagle vs Shark) it pains me to agree with pretty much everything you say here. How sad. Hope he gets his mojo back. Anyway, great analysis. Keep up the good work. That's all...
That will do that's good enough they're just a bunch of ants anyway they  probably won't even realise as the human race is so dumb and stupid now let's turn Homer Simpson into the new Superman they  probably won't even notice,!!  !!!!!!!!!! Fact  lol 😆 🤣 😂 😅 😌 💯  shmuks
This movie should've never happened. I actually think it wouldve been great to see thor in the next GOTG movie since they were together at the end of endgame, but obviously they had to go and ruin that completely. Thor 5 basically has to happen not because people want 5 thor movies, but because this movie was just so bad and he needs his redemption
The one thing about this movie that keeps making me scratch my head is people acting surprised by Thor being turned into moron, non-stop jokes, with only a few actually good, a seemingly dramatic plot without actual drama, annoying side characters, 'strong female characters' TM etc. I mean, having watched 'Ragnarok' and expecting exactly that from its sequel by the same director is kind of like putting two and two together.
Do you remember when he basically calls sith or however you spell her name that you ain't going to heaven unless you die in battle and she looks confused and then thinks ho shit he's right so not woke. Beginning is funny when thor does the split then a van dam spinning kick.
It was a fine movie
An unfunny joke that goes on for way too long and involves Melissa McCarthy? Surely you jest! Seriously though, she's the fecal icing on the manure cake.
Correct me if I am wrong but didn’t Thor’s dad told him that the hammer only helps him focus his power not that it grants him thunder power? So, how does Jane get powers then?
Was Melissa McCarthy ever funny in anything?  Good question.  I'll say, yes.  Once.  In her brief appearance in the underrated movie "Go."  Beyond that ... nope.
im just sad people will never know how great the story arc and character Gorr is from Jason Aaron's great Thor run
Thor Ragnarok is a garbage tier marvel movie. But it’s Oscar worthy when compares to Love and Thunder.
its basically 2 hours of nothing
I loved Marvel since i was young. I tried Love and Tunder 4 times but never made it to the end..
This movie was a perfect representation of the absolute mess Marvel could EASILY be if they did even more comedy, immersion breaks, and rehashed concepts in each of their films. This was the case of a director that got too full of himself over his previous success believing it was ONLY the comedy that made the movie great (ragnarok). Yes, the comedy made that movie better than the other Thor movies, but it had some elements keeping that in check. They threw those elements out the window with this one making the movie center AROUND the comedy instead of going with it. It was a lot of "whats the next plot point I can reach in order to use this joke?" instead of "what or how can we sell this scene as impactful and would a joke work here?"
Yeah Losers when discovering a scene worked well and was liked   wil copy it  ..superficially   without heart   not knowing what it was that made it good ..
I am going to disagree with you on the play, and asgardian tradition they put on plays to show past events
Im fine with the comedy approach to thor, but I dont like how they made the world around thor funnier than just the characters being funny.
seriously, that scene in love and thunder, I imagine the main characters watching it, and when it finally ends, saying "anyways...." and then moving on with the plot.
Taika is smelling his own farts and his writing of this disaster is the perfect karma
First off.. Odin is an allmighty being just like the Christian god, Allah, Hindu Shiva,etc... He should not have died in a the first place, MCU literally destroyed and ridiculised the Norse mythology, First thing is ..Asgard is for Scandinavian people, why they were so many poeple of colors in it?? doesnt make any sense..if you go that direction, then make Wakanda much diverse..right? ofcourse not, doesnt fit the woke narrative, leftwing cancer created by Jews..
Comparison to what? Doesn’t really seem fair  to compare anything
This movie disappointed me soo much, I didn’t find the comedy in this Thor movie funny at all.  I think Thor movies should be a little more serious, leave the comedy shit to Deadpool
I can’t understand how taika has fallen so far with this project his early movies are brilliant. boy, eagle vs shark, hunt for the wilder people and jojo rabbit all have a fantastic balance of comedy and tragedy why on earth did he think this abomination was acceptable? it’s beyond me
These days, unless it’s a stand-alone Batman film, superhero movies suck.   Look! Cool it looks like CG! It’s got splosions and no plot! Hur Dur!  No thanks. Films have sucked for the last decade and a bit.
The scene exists as nostalgia bait. That's how all these sequels and reboots are, they lack the creativity to make something new so they play on nostalgia and then try to sell some political point by the director that usually craps on the source material.
I nvr thought I would hate a Thor movie cause it’s so hard to like the plot could be trash but watching Thor fight just drowns out the plot but this…….this is complete dog shit cause Thor was nvr meant to be a comedian atleast he nvr tried to he was a funny person for saying and doing stupid things he was accustomed to for example (when he was drinking coffe and he threw the glass in the floor randomly and was like ANOTHER) he was funny but not trying to be and now he’s making jokes on the verge of death it just feels like nothing was taken serious
Whats was the point in making the Stone character Gay. Why does this haveing a Gay character in a movie for 13 year olds ? The Only thing that Saved this Movie from being a 5/10 was Christian Bale.
I’m so disappointed in this.
Thor Ragnorock was successful because it was written by a team of professional writers who were told to lay the foundations for Endgame based on the comics as much as possible. Thor love and thunder was written by a narcissist with a woke agenda which is why it was crap.
I watched this with my mom and it felt more like homework than an enjoyable movie 😂 but for the sake of phase four, we had to watch it
It didn't suck bro.  Was entertaining.  I had a good time
Interesting how your scene comparison review comes up on my feed a day after struggling to finally watch the movie itself.  I think I slogged through 45 minutes before just giving up and watching something else.  Too right about the 'play' scene, but the rest of what I watched felt as if this scene never ended.  All of what I watched seemed like a bad local theatre play, where the leads are given to relatives of the donors that help keep the 15 seat theatre open.  And the writing!  Imagine Thor having to explain to a supposedly dying Sif that she can't get to Valhalla by dying on the battlefield, but that she has to die in the actual battle and her being surprised by this!  No self-respecting Viking would ever need this explained, let alone the Norse gods they worshipped.  If she dies from her wounds after the battle, she'd be given a proper sending to Valhalla by having her body cremated on a longboat.  This information isn't even difficult to read about so the entire scene was another waste of time and dialogue, leading to nothing.   As I said, I surrendered after 45 minutes of this drivel.  How the movie ends, I have no idea.  Nor do I care.  I sure hope Marvel rights the longboat very soon, before they actually make the DC movies seem good by comparison.
Can we all agree that the narrator elongating every word at the end of the sentence - too much jockiness
Melissa McCarthy is funny asf in the heat, Tammy and plenty more don’t hate on her just cause she got a shit cameo
This sucks because Loki was not here and his charm, that why writers messed up 😂
The movie is good, it just is ruined by the insistence of the people over at Disney for every single character to be a comedian.
Its full of LGBT content. And they think we like that? Absurd. 😑
Melissa McCarthy was funny doing her Sean Spicer bits on SNL, and that's about it.
I tried pretty hard to watch this video but the way you put that weird downward inflection at the end of EVERY. SINGLE. SENTENCE. was just too much for me to stand. I gave up after less than 3 minutes.
Almost everyone I've met irl loves Thor love and thunder.  They like the quick little gags and the shiny cgi and the silliness, and 2d characters.  They consume every marvel/disney film and praise it.  They are also always unhealthy people who have no aspirations in life.  They are happy being adult children.  They avoid struggle and conflict at all cost.  These people are the majority.
Not sure why but I have  not seen that one and really have no desire to.   I loved Rangarok.    Woke and funny/entertaining don't go hand in hand.
As a devoted Marvel film follower, I can't believe how spot on this review was.  After enjoying Ragnarok up to a point, that point was left in the dust in Thunder.  A disappointment.
Wtf what about how they butchered the villain lol
The only good part of this movie was the dark moon battle
Had some of the shittiest CGI I've ever seen in my life and that ending battle scene was so cringe.
Nice critique but why are you so angry at Taika Waititi!?!
Because it’s a Thor movie, the end.
It's because it's for kids. You can bash it but kids probably love it.
This dude is super annoying with his inflections… super cynical too
This isn't really a criticism of Love and Thunder as a film, but something that really annoyed me was that dumb Infinity Cones ice cream shop in New Asgard. It was kind of tone deaf, at least within the fictional world.  I could see a shop like that opening up in Disneyland, for sure, and that's what it looked like to me, but the snap/blip was a massively traumatic event for the entire population of the globe. Why would you open up an ice cream shop with a gimmick about said event? I know I'm about to sound tone-deaf myself, here, comparing superhero movies to real life catastrophes, but you wouldn't open up a Twin Towers Pizza or a Holocaust Diner, right?
Melissa McCarthy is in this movie. Nope. Thanks for the heads up.
I can feel the spit hitting the monitor listening to you talk.
The movie was just fun to me, didn't take it seriously
I've started to watch most of Taika's movies, reached the end of only one, and I wish I hadn't bothered.  He's rubbish.
I've never found Taika funny.
Funny that you chose these scenes in particular. To further emphasize your point, i can easily remember the scene ragnarok. i had totally forgotten the one from love and thunder!
When people try to be funny it’s not funny.
Hey! That’s no regular tour guide, It’s Darryl!!
I thought the movie was like a C+ nothing bad
Damn, am I the only who actually enjoyed it? Guess that’s why I’m not a movie critic lol
Wth? Love and Thunder grossed over $700 million globally ... it was like one of my favorite MCU movies. Yeah Bale/Gorr could have been used better but otherwise it was a fun movie.
Thor 4 failed because Taika didn't have a new Guardians movie to rip off. Thor 3 was highly trying to be a Guardians movie.
Why do you sound like your forcing your accent while also sounding like your tensing your mouth. It sounds really weird
My man opened with the video with the HARDEST Irish " FUCK" 🤣🤣🤣 Taika is a fucking child
Agreed.. Taika Waititi is very arogant and only makes fun of everything.. He should be doing smaller projects with his ego.
The Korg and Dwayne bit just annoyed me, he spoke about his mum and her boyfriend in ragnarok and now they are born by gay relationships holding hands over lava.......f**k off film
All I hear is a bunch of people bitching about how bad this movie was when reality was actually pretty entertaining a bunch of freaking experts we have lol
I started reading Thor in 1967, when I was 10 years old.  Tutu Watusi did his best to ruin Marvel's greatest character.
That was excellently well put together, Drinker! :D Even though Thor Ragnorok is a pretty flawed film, it does at least have quality writing, and that one play scene from said film was executed flawlessly! Then compare it to its successor, though Love And Thunder was anything but a success, and it was so pointless, and dragged on, and only served as filler, not to mention having Melissa McCarthy show up for no reason other than trying to show us she's funny (also, to answer your question, Drinker, no, I doubt she was ever funny), and so on. Also, Taika Waititi definitely needs to be taught on how to do filming right, otherwise, he really should just quit.
I didn’t see the movie, but the scenes I’ve seen here are GROSS with the CGI… The Batman was something else. It didn’t need a shoit ton of CGI. BECAUSE IT WAS WRITTEN WELL AND DIDNT NEED ALL THE ICING!
Can’t believe you asked if Melissa McCarthy was funny at anything, you obviously don’t have a sense of humor
Nobody. Not one person wants to see a movie about cancer. Yet marvel has made 2. 🤔  makes you wanna get up and walk out.
I was with you until you shat on Melissa McCarthy. yes, she is very funny. get out of here.
I liked it.
Every critique discussed here was good, but I have another big one to add.    Due to licensing issues, the choice of villain was terrible. This could have been a great story that also served as a sort of origin story for the symbiotes from Spider-Man. For those who don't know, they came into existence through the power of the Necrosword. In their place however we just got generic, black, "Symbiote-esque"  blob monsters.  The movie overall was okay I guess for a single watch, but it's highly doubtful that I'll ever watch it again... At least willingly.
I absolutely hate Taika Waititi with a passion. That man single handedly killed Mandalorian, Thor and other series
Thor needs a reboot at this point, because the character has been ruined. He needs to be serious and tough. Like how he is in the comics, where he relocated Asgard and it’s people to America. Tony Stark tries to lay some rules down with him or something, and Thor basically tells him to piss off. When Stark pushes, Thor spanks the hell out of him and leaves. That’s the Thor we need, one who isn’t to be trifled with.
I totally agree.
Truly a gigantic step down from Ragnarok, Gorr being misused, Jane storyline being absolutely boring & way too much wacky Thor.
This scene shows Love and Thunder was nothing but Taika’s attempt at making Ragnarok 2
i liked it
Thor Ragnarok:  - Waititi working with other male writers, who did most of the work for him.  Thor Love and Thunder:  - Waititi working with only female writers, who obviously were placed there for gender obligations.  Strange how both films are completely different in tome, talent, and audience reception.
Let’s see the All blacks performing in drag it’s all about a man making a film in his own mind
It’s all just Hollywood bastardising north European culture crap
So much wasted potential. Christian Bale was completely underused and had almost zero depth. Russel Crowe was set up with a massive arc potential and they killed him off immediately.   I think I was most disappointed with the guardians. Endgame set up a whole movie worth of potential for them and they gave us 10 minutes.   Taika is good. Don’t get me wrong, but he needs a leash. Kevin should’ve stepped in a bit more often and said “ya stick to the plot a bit.”  I enjoyed it tho. It was fun. Not what I wanted by any means but not taking it serious, I liked it. Certainly a lot better than any other marvel project recently.
Both scenes would have been much funnier to me if it were both of  the other Hemsworth brothers. We hated Damon in both as he is playing the role of too big to really be in these movies, but he will bless the audience and fellow actors with a cameo.
I liked it tbh
I just think that they made the what should have been a serious movie into a comedy. I don't remotely think a dying Jane is remotely funny especially what is mostly killing her is her becoming Mighty Thor. I just thought some scenes are cringe worthy and awkward. Thor Ragnarok was a fun movie no doubt about it. This wasn't as much.
I used to live alone.. I'd drink bourbon on ice and watch the fuck out of Ragnarok. Those were the days.
It’s cause they made it so woke
The only personal who took this movie seriously was Christian Bale.  Arguably Chris Hemsworth was not allowed to take it Seriously
I dont think jane shouldve died especially if she is such a big character and with cancer it gives no hope to people suffering from cancer the movie basically says even if your a god you cant beat cancer
I was often cajoled, mocked, and ridiculed for pointing out that Taiki Waititi's work is questionable, at best. As always, my assessment of him was correct, and TL&T obviously verified that.  And yes, I really liked Ragnarok because of the humor and fun. 🙂 It wasn't really great for the CHARACTER (well, Thor's), but the writers did the best they could. Funny how that always works out when young, naive, megalomaniacal directors get handed the keys to the writer's vehicle. 🙄 Oh well.  🐲✨🐲✨🐲✨
Watching him goof around in the behind the scenes just does not age well after knowing how bad the movie is😂
What I find especially interesting is Chris H's statement - that he will no longer join a movie simply because of the director in charge of it.  Poor guy, he got burned hard with this movie.  I mean, look how RDJ walked away with almost godlike status, then you have the last 2 thor movies making him look like a clown when he could have been developed into something much better.  I also think they are doing Scarlett Witch and Dr. Strange dirty.
Marvel fans realizing these criticisms can be leveraged on literally every marvel movie.
Worst Marvel movie ever!
They made Thor's weapon look so stupid.
I think the BIGGEST issue with Love and Thunder and the Asgardians now living on earth, is the people themselves, more specifically their attitude toward Thor and the Asgardians as a whole. I get that normal people at this point in the MCU have obviously gotten use to super powered humans, Villains, Monsters, Evil AI Robots and even Aliens. BUT, Super humans, monsters and aliens are just different types of people and other kinds of life, even Captain marvel herself with her near limitless powers is STILL just a normal mortal HUMAN woman at the end of the day. Thor and the other Asgardians on the other hand are a TOTALLY DIFFERENT story. The Asgardians are LITERAL FUCKING GODS, they are IMMORTALS who have been around for untold centuries and are in control of and created Valhalla, the very place where people's literal souls can go to after death and PROVES beyond a shadow of a doubt that there IS LIFE AFTER DEATH. And yet all the regular people are just acting as if its just another day at the park and treating them as if they are just normal people or like any other group of "refugees". The simple fact that Thor, Odin and the others even EXIST completely DISPROVES Christianity and all other Monotheistic religions on earth in their entirety. They provide people with direct access to actual gods and information on the afterlife and yet they dont even bat an eye at this. That to me that is the most UNREALISTIC thing in the entire MCU, people would NOT be just sitting there watching a play. Thor and the other Asgardians would be bombarded by mobs of people with a million questions and would be treated and even worshipped as Gods by people of every walk of life. Not to mention the governments of the world wanting access to the Gods. Sure Thor might not be bothered by them, but do you think for a second that governments wouldn't try and get access to a Valkyr or other Asgardians? If i had been in charge of this movie and even Ragnarok, i would have the Asgardians have to essentially hide out somewhere secluded in Norway in order to avoid contact with people because of their reaction to literal gods coming to earth. The way they portray New Asgard as a JOKE, as if its a new "Disney land" with rides and all this other GARBAGE just makes the entire movie feel silly when there needs to at least SOME sense of urgency and tension to all the Norse gods being homeless and forced to live on earth. They just treat the Asgardians as if they are some sort of freak side show attraction rather than Gods.
Okay okay, I saw this movie with my dad, and he's this old stoic, deep voiced, serious guy and I thought he was gonna hate it but it's tradition that we see superhero movies together. He ended up laughing at all of the dumb jokes so hard, and I couldn't not find it infectious. Now that I've moved out and becoming an adult, I don't get to do a lot of stuff with my dad anymore so it was a nice way to cap off a weekend at home during the summer. I know it's flawed heavily, but this movie is now attached to a really heartwarming, nostalgic part of my brain. Sorry guys, it's bad, but I love it
Melissa McCarthy  Seriously was this woman ever fuckin funny at anything.   Exactly this!
Same with GOTG Vol 2, and The Suicide Squad. Total writing freedom to Gunn and they both were too high on the hype of Gunn’s success with GOTG 1. While Gunn’s version of Suicide Squad was certainly better if comparing the two, it still wasn’t good. Throw Snydercut JL in there as well. It was better than Whedon’s, but still not a good movie.
This! Thank you for your very accurate depiction of what’s wrong with this movie and frankly what has been wrong with all of phase 4
unfortunately the best part of the movie wasn't even thor, it was christian bales performance. It makes me sad. Ragnarok found a nice balance between serious and comedy, now it's broken again.
Just a terrible movie with a script that was written by little girls during a sleepover.
This movie really is slow, I missed parts by being tempted by my tablet and YouTube! Pretty bad seeing I love comic book movies and shows.
Melissa McCarthy has never been funny.
I enjoyed Thor Love and Thunder for what it is, a superhero movie.. I don't think they're TRYING to win an oscar.. I DONT KNOW WHAT YOUR EXPECTING, DRUNKS ARE NEVER SATISFIED.. MY FATHER WAS A DRINKER..
*I had to Taika Waititi once - it was a massive example of the kind, and absolutely dominated and almost clogged the bowl, almost refusing to be flushed at all.*
What a waste.  Disney has just messed so many things up.
I lile thor love and thunder.
Yeah I thought it sucked too.
This movie looked like It was made for 10 years old
Whatever, I liked it. 🤷‍♂️
in Love and Thunder it would be fine to have the play but it should have went straight to something happening in the background and focused on something else just a a nod of a previous movie
It is not a bad scene. The problem is that you just have that and a flyover to explain that new asgard Sucks.  It's missing advancing the plot and character development. At least have Valkyrie intervene and mention that Asgard is no longer thinking of grandeur etc.
So many scenes made me cringe
Thor:  Bore & Blunder ruined the MCU for me.  Was a big fan of all-things MCU, haven't seen anything MCU-related since this damn movie.
This movie have no identity.  You had some very serious scenes, then ruined with a slapstick joke.  Could have been a good movie everything was there.  It became a parody.  He made Thor a complete idiot.
JoJo Rabbit is much more his speed
I don’t think Taika cares honestly. He’s made plenty of dough so know he’s just gonna go back to making indies. The first one worked cause Feige and his team had a much bigger role in shaping the story.
They're making all these heroes into goofy and ridiculous characters. It's just terrible writing and boring to watch. Just compare it to older movies you will notice how slowly heroes turned from serious acting to goofy characters.
I think the early scene with the GOtG in Love + Thunder could have worked.  It could have been pulled off if it was a dream sequence, or a poor retelling of what actually happened by an over-enthusiastic character.  After the scene ends, you have a scene with two characters - the over-enthusiastic storyteller, and a non-believing listener.  "There's no way that happened" - "no, I swear it really happened that way", etc.  The scene would have had its entertainment value, but the sense of relief I would have felt knowing it was just a fantasy would have been immense.  I thought it was effing ridiculous, that that scene was supposed to be something that actually happened.
That's where they messed up having melissa mccarthy in the movie she is bad luck look what her last couple of movies Booooooo
Thought the movie was funny and decent overall, but that’s only because I haven’t seen like 99% of marvel since civil war. It’s all just the same rehash movie after movie
Literally no better nor worse than most of these movies??
This was absolute CGI anime rubbish!
Marcel wants to know how to treat Norse mythology or Greek but keep the marvel crap there, look at god of war that’s stuff is awesome, everything it written wonderful and the pacing is crazy.
Mijolnir always looks like a plastic prop.
things like What we do in the shadows, and Thor Ragnorok were something that i really liked. I perhaps gave Watiti too much credit, figuring they wouldn't fuck anything up too bad, perhaps even with how bad love and thunder's trailer looked.
I hated this movie I walked out after 20 mins. Idk how anyone could like this movie. Probably all young kids.
Recently, I watched this abomination, with my 15 yeard old daughter.She is mature enought to describe it as worst,  cringey, silly Marvel movie ever 😁.
The more woke the more broke
Taika works better doing skits than making full movies I mean just look at his jojo bizarre adventure rabbit🙄
Taiki Waititi is a director who has a constant need to include himself as an actor in his movies. Like Pacquiao and Jaworski on their basketball teams..
I don't understand why movies can't just be ok. It's ok to have a average movie. This is what tlat was. I'd give it a 7.
Love and Thunder is a rom com, though...
The reason why i don t watch movies anymore? Because all of them are stupid and dump.
I feel like they could have tied in the hammers new ability into that pointless play in New Asgard and the final fight scene
Man, you sound like Korg but with a deeper voice. No disrespect but a compliment 😅
“This tour guide… “ cmon bro that’s the Darryl
I agree that anything Melissa McCarthy has ever been in is the worst movie ever...automatically. She is the WORST actress who has ever lived and I honestly hate her. Anyone who thinks she is funny is holding society back...I seriously think this.
Okay ya, the movie wasn’t great and there was a lot wrong with it for sure. But to make this all about taika being childish and paint the picture as though he’s clueless is a laugh to say the least. Watch jojo rabbit, hunt for the wilderpeople, and of course what we do in the shadows. This movie seems like it may have been a breakdown in planning of sorts.
This movie will be remembered as a horrendous piece of crap. I couldn't believe how bad it was and how did he trick the actors to give such a terrible performance and I mean everyone accept Christian Bale, but his character didn't fit the whole feel of the movie, would have been much better if it did though. Chris though what was he thinking, all of those words came out of his mouth with that terrible acting, he must have realized during the shoot. It's like the lot of them were trying to see if they could crash their careers all at once.
The jokes killed the movie. Gorr the god butcher was butchered by comedy!
THANK YOU. Never does anyone think twice about the use of Viking culture for fun. But boy oh boy do we need to keep asian/african/whatever cultures to such a high regard. As a Swede it really annoys me with the double-standard of not being able to do an asian dialect for fun (not in a mocking way.) but THERE IS A SWEDISH MUPPET THAT GOES HURDIHURRDURR.  Don't get me wrong. I think the Swedish Chef is absolutely amazing. But if you really break it down its absurd how one is okay but the other one is 'super racist' no matter the context. Edit; Just to clarify i think both should be okay and i'm not offended by the use of Viking culture. I think we should be able to enjoy all forms of background and types of dialects and have fun. Not get so damn overly PC that we lose sight of what is offensive and what isn't.
When i watch those videos about how bad the MCU is now, i remember when i watched Endgame and thought to myself "Oh boy, can't get better than that, it's all downhill from here..."... Little did i know how literal that would be...
The play scene in love and thunder stood out to me because of basically everything said.
AS EVERYONE KNOWS IN SHOW BUSINESS EXCEPT THE CRAZIES, YOU NEED GOOD WRITERS.  I've worked in a bit of newsroom stuff, not movies, but the same truth is here: The anchors are the presenters. The real script and magic with words happen with the tireless writers behind the scenes sitting in an office lined with computers and they type and create script for 8 hours. For newsroom stuff, it's a tireless and a job you don't get thanked for, but these are the real heroes.
you cant spell marvel without LAME
0:19 thats not real.... right?
This movie got me ghosted after a date never wanna see it again
Your view of the movie is noted. What yourself and all the critics that critique these films are missing is... There's for young adults and fanboys. It's designed for basic entertainment. Not serious drama or sci-fi Your woke generation is asleep and needs to let fun be fun. Children and young adults loved the movie.  Maybe you should have a child or Young adults accompany you to your next feature
Lmfao you neck beards are hilarious. It was a great movie. I would love to see some of you learn how to think for yourselves and not let other dumb ass neck beards make your decisions for you.  It’s a freaking movie based off of comic book characters. It’s not the godfather or some major dramatic movie.  You guys want to see the reason why phase 4 “sucks”  look in the mirror. It’s because nothing makes you idiots happy unless it’s exactly what you want. If not you pick it apart like it was a fanfic Star Trek/ Star Wars cross over where darthvade is Picards lover.
Technically Loki gave into his selfish urges and stole the tesseract
All of the forced woke aspects killed it for me. I think I started scrolling my cell phone halfway through because I was too lazy to walk out.
Honestly, and I don't often say this, I found this movie racist. Not against some minorities or some third worlders. I found this racist against white people. Particularly against Scandinavians and Greeks. It felt like it was mocking these cultures. And that's not ok. Taika seems to have no place in this sort of story.
This movie sucked because Taika Waititi mocks every conceivable positive personality trait that Chris Hemsworth's Thor possesses. These movies are embarrassing and humiliating to watch as Hemsworth's Thor has become nothing more than a punching bag for the left's hatred of white males and Norse mythology.
sorry did you explain what a scene is for two minuets?
I found the opening scene so cringeworthy that I turned it off. That was ages ago when it first became available for download. I’ve always found the New Zealand accent stupid.  KORG IS THE JAR JAR BINKS OF THE MCU!
You can tell you don't read comics
I loved it. It's like reading a comic but comic thor is extremely serious so I enjoy this funny version
The narrator's "upspeak" in this video is worse than the movie he's reviewing.  Hands down.
Skip to 2:00 if you don't need an explanation on what a fucking scene is 😂 Jesus Christ
Question isn’t it because all of the Thor movies sucked. I’m not sure why but I’ve found all of the Thor movies extremely boring. Daredevil was better in its first 3 episodes then all of the thor movies combined.
I was hoping Thor would have an emotional outburst about how much loss he's endured, particularly in the scene where Jane tells him her condition. I really thought he'd start breaking down or have an outburst because even though he's just barely gotten back to a "healthy" mindset (which I don't think is true given he's just avoiding everything outside of fighting), this is yet another significant loss that he's being confronted with. I mean, he really can't catch a break. Since Thor 2, I think he's suffered significant losses in nearly every movie. It's honestly super tragic, and while we got to see how affected Thor was in End Game, I don't think we really got to see his recovery. He just got a slight bit of catharsis when they defeated Thanos. So I was expecting him to FINALLY have that in this movie when confronted by Jane's situation. But... Nothing. We got like a sympathetic sigh and a frown.  Also, was I the only one who thought Thor should be confused by "cancer"? I mean, why would he already know the implications of cancer? I'd assumed that was a purely human affliction, one he hasn't encountered before, so unless he and Star Lord have been having serious heart to hearts about their pasts, I just didn't think this made sense.
Funny he's wearing a one piece shirt. Eiichiro Oda is notorious among mangaka for coming up with things as they happen and he credits his editors with helping to filter the madness.
They should stick closer to the comics story line we already know timetravel is possible in the mcu so just imagine 3 thors fighting it out against gorr the god butcher , no instead they make Thor more and more of a freaking clown in each movie he’s in
Yea, he needs to work in a framework. I really loved Jojo Rabbit, I think it is a fantastic movie! And then you get something like Love and Thunder...
I’m glad those “you had _one_ job!” jokes are gone… most of the time the people in question have many responsibilities involved in their job.  Scurge (?), for example, had at least two jobs: operate the Bifrost machine, and announce new arrivals.
This movie was the most waste my life I have ever had. Shot movie
Can you say " get outa my swamp " please
why am i just realizing that gorr is just shittier kratos
I just think if they wanted to do a kids movie, they should have done the battle with Hercules and the gods in Thor 4. Then Thor 5 use Gorr, make it dark and gritty, and finish off this Thor's arc. Was just a waste of a villian and it really looked like they were targeting a kids audience with this movie.
Eurotrash - The Movie Part 73
I had liberal usage of my fast forward button when watching the latest Thor movie.
Justice League was directed by Zack Snyder... not Joss Whedon...
The whole movie can be explained with one word... Goats...
you forgot the 4th and most important type of scene, fan service.
Melissa McCarthy = Box Office Poison
it was a made for TV episode that was extended and put on the big screen...that's why.
This movie sucked. You literally don't need to see this. How can a MCU film be worse than Thor 2? Make this one.
"Was this woman funny at anything"  No. There is nothing remotely funny about Melissa McCarthy. she's just fat and loud.
Waititi is pretty good - but JoJo Rabbit was incredibly self indulgent. Don't get me wrong, a brown Kiwi playing Hitler certainly tickles my absurdist funny bone, but at the same time, he was directing - and it was a film I quickly lost interest in. It's a shame because what we do in the shadows was utterly hilarious.  This kind of behaviour tends to turn me off because you get used to a directors body of work and style and then BAM Twin Peaks season 3. 5 minutes of people in a room trying to have a conversation. FUUUUUUUUUUUCK YOU DAVID LYNCH.  It's strange though, what you said about buying into his own hype that gave me a flashback to a movie I saw some years ago, some quaint weird surrealist drama where the protagonist was some kind of artist. A talent agent says to him "I don't want you catching what he's got", "What's that" the protag replies, "Success".  Wierdly insightful (especially for the late 00s); given how many directors and artists have fallen into mediocrity or mindless self-indulgence. Look at Stephen Moffat - sure Dr Who isn't the MCU - but it was depressing to see him go from writing some of the best Nu-Who episodes before (and after) becoming showrunner to writing Peter Capaldi as a high school teacher as if he were Great Teacher Onizuka.  My best mate, a far superior writer than I, suggested: Well, sometimes people only really are capable of producing good content when they have that drive to succeed and prove themselves; and other times, people just run out of ideas. That would fit, as it seems in cinema, the MCU is the place creativity goes to die.
They should have made Gorr the Main character for this movie.
So, Rita Repulsa is in this film?
do black adam
I needed 4 aspirin after this flick.
I was shocked and confused by how bad this movie was
bro WHY do you talk like that. Your voice is like the "burger king foot lettuce" guy. 10:40 How am i supposed to take you seriously when you talk like a 5 year old sounding out each letter in their words? Just talk normally we all know you're doing it on purpose
Actually had forgot i watched this movie
Like the last 20min didn't need to happen if they didn't let the fuckwit just waltz through thr portal
I hated this movie more then I love my children
Tried to watch it. Could not. Just couldn't. It was that bad, and I'm easy to entertain. Absolute garbage. After Dr. Strange and Spiderman both having really stupid premises and being horrible, I'm done with this stuff. Give us something new!
One thing that always bothered me about that scene is - here is Thor, the literal most famous person in Asgard and he shows up after a long absence and no one makes a big deal or even notices him?
Move was great. Keeping hating though! Brings more fans to the MCU! 3/4 of a. $ BILLION$ reasons to not care about your biased, lame opinion.
The only thing I liked about the movie was the cgi in a few scenes
The difference in quality between the two Thor movies is a good example of worth ethic. Not to mention Stan Lee was still alive, if the movie sucked there would be hell to pay. With this movie there are no consuequences for a bad product, to the writer/director at least.
The director became Loki.
Thor: for Love of ADD
Bale was the only thing in the movie that was interesting
Taika Waititi is basically this generations Mike Myers, he'll be big for a while then his ego will grow to the stage people will get sick and tired of him. He also self inserts like M Night Shyamalan.
It really was a bummer to me how much this movie felt so uninspired and so much of it just kinda copied and slightly tweaked from ragnorak and stuffed with desperate jokes
It's really shameful because this movie could have been SO GOOD but they squandered all the potential. Like the fact they just got rid of Zeus in like 5 minutes and made him pathetic af was so disappointing, could've had a really cool relationship between him and Thor but nope...
I liked “I broke your hammer” scene 😂😂😂😂 Melissa McCarthy was funny
The over reliance on quippiness and juvenile humor has undercut any serious moment that could occur.
Was Melissa McCarthy ever funny?  Yes... YES!  Not in some movies, but good lord, "Spy" is maybe the funniest movie I've ever seen.  If you haven't seen it, watch it with an open mind.  You may love it.
it has always been a movie for infantilized adults. I am sure the majority of the populace loved it.
MCU is running out of the best source material quickly especially by letting these directors mess all the stories up for cheap laughs or political commentary
Because of Waititi and his woke agenda he pushed that’s why it was so weak the movie
I'm gonna go ahead and say that all of the Thor movies, including Ragnarok, are bad. The first one breezed through plot points at breakneck speed and needed to be at least a couple of hours longer, the second was too serious and lore-heavy, the third isn't even remotely serious enough and (like a broken clock) got only two things right in the form of the 80's-flavored setting and the soundtrack, and the fourth is just an overexaggerated and even more flawed redux of the third. Nobody has literally any idea what to do with MCU Thor, and it shows. Worse, Thor has gone through so many directors who each have a different vision for him that I defy anybody to define him as a character. Each iteration of him differs wildly from the others, but they're all supposed to be the same man. Thor and his movies are all gigantic messes. Thor deserves better.
Disney respects African culture with wakanda forever but makes a laughing stock of Norse culture
Disappointment I'm afraid black panther will b more of the same
Probably the first critique where drinker didn’t go back and beat the dead horse of the last Jedi, Ryan Johnson or some woke feminist agenda and was actually watchable
It was poorly directed, written and the actors ALL looked like they were just phoning it in. It also seems like thors power can just be given to anyone. His powers and ability lost its mystique. Movie was alwful, not to mention the forces gay agenda nonsense.
Taika's ego has expanded to the point for him to want to produce self indulgent drivel and his reputation is significant enough that he is allowed to do it.
Evil always try to find a way and he win his people , I’m not that religious but this movie made me think again
Never was a Taika fan…he seems to make very few things funny & a lot of things worse…
The best part was adding "Love" into the story, she was a pretty cool addiction to the MCU.
Low blow on Melissa McCarthy, she is not to blame for the short comings of this movie, or even with that scene, she did about as good a job as anyone with a bad script
…I don’t see a Th5, Chris is stepping back from acting to “spend time with his family”…
I can just imagine his reasoning for doing this play scene again.  Stolen from Free Guy "Why would I make an original if I could make a sequel?"  It may be that in his mind this is KFC part 2 so integrating the same kind of scene IS the qualifier.
How was Thor 3 so good but this so bad?
Proud as hell to say I have not watched a marvel movie since Xmen 1. That was enough for me.
Nothin beats hearing Anthony Hopkins say "Ohh Shit"
Why didn't Thor give the Avengers the power of Thor
When Thor did the split 2 stop those air crafts I said OH NOO
8:19 NO!
Can u imagine if they gave us Beta Ray Bill as a animatronic/Henson creation? So we got Stormbreaker w out Bill. Hm. What a freaking waste. Bill woulda have won some Oscars if done right.
OUCH 😓
Haven’t watched this and won’t watch this
Melissa McCarthy is funny. Otherwise I can agree with you.
Love and thunder is not the greatest movie ever. But it's definitely a great one. Hear me out: yes it's a weird comedy remix under the effects of alcohol and other substances but unlike other films that try to be great and end up failing completely this one at least achieves it's main goal perfectly. The main goal is a psychedelic teenage comedy trip. And it's perfect.
I couldn't believe actually just how bad this movie was, in almost every aspect and boy what a shame!! We wanted to see more of infinity war Thor not this goofy idiot who let's be honest plays second fiddle to the mighty Thor which absolutely nobody wanted to see in the first place. It didn't feel anything like Ragnarok which had a much better story and obviously it had Loki also who is a crowd favorite. I feel sorry for Christian Bale having to work with this garbage. Terribible movie!!
Damn so much CGI, should have made a video game instead. But even that would be shit.
Can't believe they wasted Gorr the God Butcher on this cinematic shitstain
I watched it. It was fine. I laughed, I cried. Not the best, not the worst.
We accept this truth to be self evident
That is tragic... found myself watching this a second time... and the failure of a Thor movie.. making it unwatchable is just sad. We  need good escapist, superhero movies to entertain us. WE don't need gibberish.
If you look at the first THOR you can listen to the commentaries you can see how Kenneth Branagh choose the cast and the location. He is a Shakespearen actor and created the movie that way. It was a good movie. The 2nd , "Dark World" was crap. Rararock was a movie that had to grow on you. But it was not too far over the edge. Love and Thunder was so stuip I never finished it. I believe it ruined the career of Taika Waititi. I took many theater classes in college where we studied character development and plot development and this guy acted like some high school student putting on a play. Watch the show, "Supernatural" season 4. Monster movie, Yellow Fever, It is the Great Pumpkin, Sam Wichester and Wishful Thinking. All these episodes showcase the actors ability to bend. It showed why we love the Winchester. For as much hype this movie had, I am not buying the DVD.
3 words that make me not want to watch a movie: Taika Waititi, Director
I have to admit I keep saying phase 4 is terrible and then I realise how many of the stories I enjoyed. There's like 3 which I disliked. She-Hulk, Multiverse of Madness and Falcon and the Winter Soldier.
This was the most disappointing Marvel movie so far for me, well before BP2 dropped anyway. Hate the BS comedy, piss poor writing and the way they ruined what could have been one of the best villain arcs in Gorr by basically turning him into some sort of kiddy fiddler. Then we have Zeus and ffs sake that was a fucking disgrace and the point I walked out of the cinema 💯 Glad to hear the Hemsworth has said he will not work with him again as he’s crazy and done with him mad ideas
With no context the scenes look like an alternate timeline of God of War.
I knew it would suck by the title. No super hero movie has the word "love"
Hoisted the jolly Roger to watch this, and I'm still mad I wasted my time. When Melissa McCarthy showed up, I had to get up and take a break. What a fuckin turd
melissa is funny :c
It's not a Thor movie, but it's less bad than she hulk and other phase 4 movies........ The kids enjoyed it and watched the whole movie unlike other recent marvel movie's.
If I were to be honest, I can't even tell which marvel movies suck and.which ones are good anymore. They've all reached a point of being repetitive and boring to me at this point, so after I leave the theater I listen to other people's reaction to figure out if the movie was good or not.
ragnarok was the one movie that got me into MCU, before that i just ignored those movies and ragrarok is still i think my favourite of them all, and now we have love and thunder...
I have no desire to watch this movie.
WTH is wrong with your voice, mate?! It's awful to listen to
The movie was underwhelming
Doctor Strange was a disaster too..their is nothing right in 4th phase.. 🤨😞
Haven't seen it yet. The footage you are showing looks really cool tho, if one is willing to overlook the cheap thunderbolt requisite they made zeus wield.
Oh what a mess!
They made Thor a bad joke.
IT looks like video game clip used for background footage
I found the elevator scene in Thor: Ragnarok an example of a Taika scene done well. The development between Thor and Loki really hits an all time high in the brief dialogue they have in the elevator to the hangar. Thor acknowledges his brother, Loki for who he is and not what Thor hopes/wants him to be, but expresses his unconditional love for his brother regardless. The scene ends with Thor actually putting that new character development immediately into action by planting the shock device on Loki. Thor knew that after expressing his love to his brother that Loki would likely try something cheeky, showing further that he won't be tricked so easily as in the past.   This scene has 2 jokes. One after a long, digestible pause in the elevator to break the cathartic moment with their "Get help" bit. This bit shows that sense of brotherly love their relationship has desperately needed and I think fits well since they give the dialogue some time to breath before whipping it out. The other, when Thor actually gets the best of Loki ( and some payback) by unexpectedly planting that shock device on him. Both of these jokes were funny (imo) and actually expressed the recent growth Thor has gone through as a character.   Love and Thunder takes the goofyness from those jokes but removes the substance that respects the characters and story being told. They could have easily pulled this off with characters such as Gorr (if they had put decent time into his backstory) and Jane Foster who had a lot of potential for character growth. *sigh* I guess not :/
I really don’t understand how these people become high paid writers and directors
Thor L&T was as bad as Ragnarok, but you're not ready for this topic
I almost feel bad for you!
Since Thor is my favourite character, I REALLY wanted this to do well. I also happen to be a massive fan of Marvel Zeus so... yeah, that feeling you're imagining right now? That was my reaction to pretty much this whole movie. Of course the Drinker does it again with another on point video but damn, the disappointment just his harder than usual with this one...
Love and Thunder felt exactly like a Robot Chicken skit of Thor.
The goats were worth the time.  It’s Marvel, passed its prime, who cares about the story?  The humor was great.
when you parody your own past, you are only a bad joke...
Drinker, dont get too commercial or popularized. Otherwise you lose “the thing”…
Sounds like Taika Waititi is suffering from George Lucas Syndrome.
Turd of a movie? Now i think, Amber as actress would have been a great choice for that. She still has to pay J.D. 🤷‍♂️
They even had Batman on this film and still failed.
The entire MCU phase 4 is a joke, SMH
I’m so glad I did not go to the theatres to watch this, I would have been furious and stormed out, I had a hard enough time watching it at home, why have they demasculated Thor so badly, in the first movie he was awesome and by far my favorite, then Ragnarok came around and he was OK, but in this movie he is far and beyond gone, he’s like a eight-year-old immature pussy kid in a man’s body, it’s really hard for me to watch
The theater scene could have been great if Taika put a bit more thought into the scene. The theater scene could have explained why Jane is able to wield the hammer. What I imagine is that the play elaborates on what Hela did to Thor's hammer. They could show how Hela secretly collected the hammer before being teleported to Asgard. While she was ruling Asgard, Hela works on a spell to restore the hammer for herself. She succeeds, but places a new spell on the hammer. The spell only allows those who are worthy of being queen of Asgard to lift Mjolnir. This would better explain why Jane is able to lift the hammer in the movie. Jane posses the right traits to lead Asgard to its previous glory at Thor's side.
Melissa McCarthy - I know, right!? Sooooo unfunny, yet constantly jammed into projects because she was “funny“ in the Bridesmaid movie once, apparently. But Plus Size empowerment needs a comedy actor for every gig. 🤢
It was a crappy movie, but it was better the second time I watched it.  I have a problem....
Neil gaiman wrote it and hes a knee bender.
This is the third movie I’ve ever walked out of. Man, it was bad.
"A low effort, low intelligence, undisciplined production...by a man too complacent to push himself to do anything better" is the absolute best way to describe Love and Thunder. Like you said, Taika Waititi is definitely a very talented and creative film maker (I think Jo Jo Rabbit is one of the best films of the last decade) but he definitely phoned this one in. It's not a bad movie, it's just kind of a goofy nothing of a movie that criminally wasted an amazing villain portrayed by probably the most talented actor to enter the MCU since Robert Redford in Winter Soldier.
Even Ragnorok was a good comedy movie but a really bad Thor movie. The first Thor movie was the best, even thought it was simple.
Tbh, to me, this movie ran like a poorly written fanfiction made by an 8 year old. It was all over the place and the whiplash of a sad moment suddenly getting hit with jokes was abysmal.  There are several ways I feel like this could've been written INFINITELY better. One of them being just a casual (not so casual) adventure with the Guardians.  I am incredibly salty they didn't give us a found family dynamic between Thor and the Guardians and I will continue to be salty.  The content for writing their dynamics would be a GOLD MINE. The group and Thor all care about each other because they've all been kind of in the same place because of mostly the same person (Thanos).  Drax lost his family like Thor did with his brother, to Thanos or one of Thanos' lackeys. Quill and Nebula lost Gamora to Thanos. Think of Thor interacting with Nebula, Thanos' daughter. The tension, or the unresolved trauma of watching half of Asgard and then half the world die, because of Nebula's father.  Thor could've resolved whatever bit of trauma he had remaining in Endgame, through Nebula.  And while working through trauma and problems, they try to save people from Gorr.  And at the end of the movie, Thor ends up leaving the Guardians anyways because of several reasons, like him not feeling like he really belongs in a group like that right now and reminiscing on older times with the other Avengers and thinking how he could never really replace them even if he tried. But also because he has a duty to uphold now, which is to take care of Gorr's kid.  The Guardians say goodbye to Thor and make heartfelt promises to each other to visit every now and then for dinner or adventures.  Would've been really nice tbh.  Also, formatting is weird sorry. I'm on mobile and it is three am lmao
In a nutshell I would say they took the icing on the cake from Ragnarok and turned it into the whole meal. Thor was always presented as an arrogant and reckless character, but one who had a purpose and motivation and depth to him. The humor in Love and Thunder was amped up to the point where this Thor was simply presented as an absolute buffoon. Someone you expected to be constantly walking into a rake that hit him in the face.  Also the fact that the story line really made no coherent sense. I didn't really care for TLAT, and it is one of those movies that the more I think about the less I like it.
He wanted the quick payoff and easy laughter/dopamine hit..... kind of like the current generation with social media. Instant gratification is the theme of today and the saddest part is, a large portion of our society is unaware of why this is causing problems. They see problems, but they don't understand them and can't fathom a solution other than leaning further into Instant gratification
At least Shia LaBoeuf isn’t in it.
Yes he is talented.  But talented or not, you take a guy who is working on 10 different projects at the same time,  it is 100% going to dilute the quality.
I wonder if anyone noticed how much inspiration was taken from tarkovsky's stalker movie at the end when the big bad evil guy is to make a wish.
Watching this I continually thought why are they playing Thor as an complete idiot? It's just simply sad.
I'm not one to critic flick much but this film had me go out of my way to actually note something down. If you care to read it, it's in the comments below.
I agree with almost everything your points except the scene in love & blunder at least provides a bit of world building as you get a piece of what the “New Asgard” has become, ay least that’s my opinion, but yeah overall the movie sucked ass.
Sounds to me like he just has Taika just has ADHD cause these 100% the issues I have when doing larger projects. Sounds like he really just need some good partners to reign him in and keep him on track to end up with more works along the lines of Ragnarok
I think your take on Taika's filmmaking skills were completely biased based on his recent, more popular works. His comedic timing and style are childish agreed -but that does not make him stupid, his audience is different and he does what he does in his own style. Remember Jojo Rabbit? That movie is brilliant and beautiful - it has comedy, heart and guts - all in a war situation. Maybe he does not want to take himself seriously, or let his audience take his work seriously in an already critical and cynical world of underachieving perfectionists.
My only problem is knull could have got into the MCU but they broke all black which ruins his rise
I think it is disappointing because he has already done many good and funny films already.
All these cameos are just free checks for Taika’s buddies.
I love Thor, but this film was crap. Ragnarok was good, but this was awful. Poor story, poor choice of characters, poor acting at times from all involved. A pointless and unneeded movie. Shame as I like Thor but I think he works better as part of a team, like the Hulk, neither are strong enough to carry a whole movie.
4k disney
Lmao I didn’t mind it
What a disaster, sad thing is I can’t get the time I wasted watching this back. Also if I ever hear that goat sound bite again I think will stick a ice pick in my ear.
phase 4 stinks beyond high heaven, love and thunder certainly top of the heap for garbage  im hoping the new ant man film will be a decent kick off to 5..maybe we will be able to forget 4 even exists and just rename 5 ....4 oh..and the WHOLE idea that Asgardians would NEED money from tourists??..these are advanced more enlightened aliens with powers beyond normal humans..and the idiots treat the characters like a complete joke.  Ragnarok sucked...love and thunder is 10 times worse..what they have allowed to happen to these characters...just beggars belief.
Your over dramatized cadence is SOOO repetitive and gets old REALLY quickly. Your modulation ends with the exact same pace and descending tone through every phrase. I get that being critical is the selling point in your schtick, but the way you read is about as awful to listen to as you think these movies are to watch. Seeing as how I doubt you have a real day job, I'd think you'd try to spend a little more effort improving your craft rather than relying on such trite and irritating tropes.
Bad humor taste, so cringe,  Worst mcu movie, Taikas jokes are so verry nope nope nope.
If McDonalds ever has a live action movie, Melissa McCarthy has to be cast as Grimace.... shes a frikkin natural
Spot on! Taika is clearly talented (but probably overrated) but needs someone to keep him under control and focussed. He has no concept of character development, turning Thor into a walking punchline. As a lifelong Thor fan it pains me to say it, but I would not watch another Thor film if he directed it. He destroyed the character for me. Major revision is needed.
This video is better than the movie
I hate this movie because of how they wasted Christian bale on it
Thanks for the tips! Humbly producing a film seems like something anyone in the film industry can benefit from instead of just making something and being paid out by a group that wants to bolster their ideas or purely for the sake of generating profits without giving a crap about anything or anyone.
It was horrible
As a father with young kids the only character I related to was Gorr. It's probably not a good plan to make the antagonist the most sympathetic character in the first scene.
I cant even explain how i felt half way through this movie. I felt dumb and brainless but still cant explain the panic and despair.  then I snapped out of it and turned it off. I Paid for this and I cant watch it. my opinion is if anyone liked it they need to see a doctor they are in trouble and will disappear off the earth soon. mental illness is the true meaning for ever releasing such a pile of crap for humans to see. but maybe its a test to see who is nuts if you liked it. yikes people who green lighted this.
Mcu has been putting out zero rewatch ability movies for a minute but love and thunder was BAD 😢
I feel lucky to be that cinematically "elite" that I've never watched any of these marvel films. beyond maybe the first captain america? what was that called? I realised right away this was going to be a boring recycle of crap for ten years, and that's what it has been. I like good movies. Like Kubrick. When you're into cinema like that, you can't look at cinema like this with anything but contempt. its for stupid people.
While everyone else disagrees! I really loved it and so did everyone else in the cinema. Maybe it’s the fact we could understand it’s dry humour better than you sad, depressed, unnerved reviewers?! 🤷🏼‍♂️🙄
Norse mythology is white. That's why Waititi doesn't respect it.
Worst marvel movie I’ve ever seen. They reduced a powerful God into a joke. Imagine if they had the seriousness of the first Thor movie in #4 - it would be so much more badass!
Damb this looks so cool. Thor or thoronic?
I'm glad I never bothered with this franchise. The first Thor sucked and that was it for me. There hasn't been a good comic book movie since Tank Girl and The Crow.
Even though Dark World was a bit meh, I loved the dark theme. There's enough jokes in MCU already. If there'd be Imperium Strikes Back kind of movie in MCU I'd watched even though they've ruined their universe with all the whining about their "racist" and "misogynist" audience who doesn't buy all the shait they put out.
i want you to know as an aspiring filmmaker myself i really do pay attention to videos from people like you vito on how massive films can fail and i take it to heart. i dont want a single second of any of my movies to waste peoples time and each scene will be nessasarry
My biggest problem with love and thunder was when they portrayed zues as a true idiot ,  and all the other gods just sitting around worshipping him(so gods whorshipping another god too cowardly to fight with thor(AND ITS SPELLED TOR) IM NORWEGIAN I SHOULD KNOW
So right now im watching a series called into the dark  on a streaming service called viasat....    Its a diffrent story in every episode but my problem with it is that every story is a man is dumb rapist or a dumb troll or a dumb serial killer and a strong pretty woman defeates the man in every singel episode(well in one they crash a car into the wall(so almost every one)
Best part about the movie are the goats. Cause that’s when I woke up in the movie theater and only thing interesting. LOL
The problem is that people just accept narratives like "Taika Waititi is a good director". He isn't. He is significantly overrated. JoJo Rabbit wasn't that good and used cheap visual gags, a stellar performance form Scarlet Johansson, and a cute kid to be successful. The actual message of the movie was pretty thin and the decision to make a Hitler/Nazi themed comedy is pretty lame. Thor Ragnarok was passable, but far from a great movie. The humorous direction they took the Thor character totally undermined him and led to Thor being a big dumb joke (fat Thor!). Once Taika is given FULL control over the movie. . . it bombs. . .  because he is overrated.
People are just lazy that's why these films suck and once you make a bad film you lose much of your fanbase and kill a franchise
I think that every sequel has to has its cheesy movie and this was definitely it   It’s like a child with adhd gotten full creative control
The film would of been terrible if it wasn't for afew funny moments and Bales excellence
Cgi getting bad and cheap, they did it on black panther and now the latter marvel movies cgi are cheaply made that's also why i refuse to watch thor l&t. Also just make a portwoman vs wonderwoman movie. Best crossover ever.
Seems like every sequel/reboot/retelling today suffers from nostalgia bait and wanting the payoff from something that worked well last time, but not wanting to do any of the work or thought that made that original thing good in the first place
After Endgame Marvel is a gone patient....do not resuscitate.
Taika Waititi should never be allowed to direct another movie... ever.
No surprise. Taika Waititi is hugely overrated. Thor: Ragnarok was like a sitcom but people tried to convince themselves it was some kind of masterpiece.
Fuck happened to marvel
I feel obligated to point out that Taika Waititi did NOT write this film. He directed under contract, but it was written by the lady who wrote "Unpregnant". That should be blindly obvious when you consider that the stuff he's actually written like "What We Do In the Shadows", "Thor: Ragnarok", and "Jojo Rabbit".
I'm watching in Inox and realise am i the only one who sit in hole theatre 👽
I agree with everything he said but oh my god I cannot stand how he emphasizes the last syllable of every sentence. It literally makes me want to cut my ears off.
The fact the same man is responsible for this POS and Jojo is embarrassing.
i hadn't intended to see this turkey in the theater because of the "woke" Jane Foster nonsense but when it came out Bale was going to play Gorr and Russell Crowe was going to play Zeus i decided to see it. huge mistake obviously. what a waste of Bale as Gorr as anyone who read the story arcs in the comic knows. and that ridiculous "Greek" accent by Crowe? that was Crowe's idea too. but Taika had Crowe do his scenes with a British accent too and ultimately decided the Greek accent was "better"? Crowe should have just used his real voice with a bit of a low growl to it and it would have been much better.   the fact that many critics actually gave it favorable reviews makes me wonder if they got paid under the table by Marvel! of course many did slam it with comments like "The movie feels weightless, flippant, instantly forgettable, sparking neither love nor thunder." and ""hasty-feeling mess of a movie" and "disappointing given that it's directed by [Waititi]". the movie could have been so much better with a much darker tone as in the comics with Gorr. and no real action scenes with Bale. imagine the movie opening with Bale as Gorr destroying Olympus and killing Zeus in an epic fight then  eventually confronting Thor in Asgard. won't watch this movie again even when it eventually makes it to free tv. and at over 750 million gross against a bloated 250 million budget and probably at least 50 million in marketing while it clearly didn't bomb (it should have) it isn't very profitable for a 750+ million gross.
"That's why he hasn't been asked back for Thor 5" Me: wait... there's gonna be a frickin' THORE FIVE?! Oh boy......
It had all the Love and none of the Thunder.
Stop playing into his false persona. His name is David Cohen. He was raised by his white, Jewish mother in a white, Jewish community. He didn't start going by Taika Waititi until he was well into adulthood.
I watched this yesterday with a solid dose of apprehension and found it was totally warranted. Waititi turned Thor into a running joke and Korg who should of never been more than a bit player into a pointless unfunny main character. He makes bad marvel movies infinitely worse.
Never watch it nor had a desire to. Second I seen  Tessa Thompson who's not only a bad actor But a walking SJW cameo..I knew I'd rather watch shadow puppet theater on Youtube.  Or Polar Bears dying on Discovery.
Well it's not about being good anymore. It's now a corporate machine that automatically makes tons of money. I always called it the star wars phenomenon. Label it shit wars, put a turd shooting lasers, add nothing but shit, and bam, just made a billion dollars. Now it's not about the movie being good. It's all politics and makes money cause it's all about the hype and sells of advertising and not about a good movie anymore. This movie was shit but it made $700mill. That tells me all I need to know. Once a franchise establishes itself and makes billions, you get anyone and anything to shit on it, and it just makes tons of money no matter how bad it is! Politics is worse cause when this movie made this much money, now the person who made the movie can now say it was good! The ole "well it made a billion bucks so it makes it automatically good". Simply not true but it's what keeps the machine going. It's as easy as quit falling for the hype. I haven't watched a marvel movie in years and not a lot of em were all that good in my opinion. Long as hollywood keeps the machine making billions, shitty movies will keep coming out and you all will keep paying for it. I havent paid for a movie for almost 20 years.
Whenever I see a movie written by the Director, I get worried. More often than not, it's a bad sign.
this guys point of view is so petty....
I love videos like this.  Small, bite-sized pieces of clever analysis that a regular joe can digest and understand before their attention gets drawn away by the text notification ding on their phone.  Keep these coming, Drinker.
love and thunder is just how the director envy guardian of galaxy's success with its stylish old school musical movie with "i can do that too! even better!"  but sadly he can't, and the result is cringe
Why did Key direct that.
The worst part about the Thor movies is that in the original Norse Mythology, Thor was not a dickhead. Marvel's rewrite totally fucked the reputation of a great god. I didn't even bother watching the whole movie, it was that bad.
I liked Thor L&T.
I rewatched it a few weeks ago and I didn't find it too bad. There was a bit too much going on with Mighty Thor, Gorr and Thor getting out of his depression. We didn't see Gorr slaying any Gods. But I still think that everything after Omnipotence City was written perfectly. All in all it's not bad but it's not great either
Don't mind me, I'm just warning my hands on this searing roast...
I was drunk on mead when I saw this. I still thought it was shit lol.
Bro I couldn’t even get past the first 20 mins of it I had to shut it off it’s so bad
I like the movie
I'd argue it's at least world building cause to have those characters there shows consistency and how Asgardians are having to fit into life on earth with mutual love for theatre & needs for a tourist trap and it's all about the details it's kind of like a slightly longer running Easter egg that shows despite whats happening with the world killer elsewhere for the time being there is peace in new asgard and they are going about mundane every day lives as a contrast before all hell breaks use like for instance the peaceful but energetic celebration event in Raimi's Spider-Man before Green Goblin attacks!
The last one of Thor was so bad i stopped watching after 20 minutes wtf is going on with marvel
One single scene from the trailer where jane lifts thor's hammer, i knew this franchise is also fu@@ed.
Honestly the worst thing about this movie was how underutilized Christian Bale was as the villan. How exactly is Gorr THE GOD BUTCHER not shown killing a single God after his intro sequence in the beginning of the movie? It seems like they actually put time and thought into his backstory/motivations but then don't give him nearly enough screentime to show him as a real threat to Thor and the gang. What a waste of both an amazing actor and interesting villan
9:14 they can blur it but I'd recognize that design anywhere
The jokes mostly hit in Ragnarok and I really enjoyed it. Taika really missed the mark on this one 🥲
I refuse to watch a movie described as “the gayest one yet” by its own PR department.
ahhhh I'm the 100k like,, lol its not even a big of a deal but whatever 💀
it sickening that Wierdowook thinks that Thor can be a woman... thats is RAPE of our culture... but wierdowood do not care ... money talks..  well im not buying shit..  Rippaverse... FTW
Yea....It was a meah movie at best, didn't even watch half of it (was scrolling facebook)
Okay lay off Melissa McCarthy. She is funny. You could say the same thing about any comedian such as Kevin Hart. He is definitely a good comedian but just cuz he’s got some movies that don’t always hit doesn’t mean he isn’t good at what he does. Melissa’s got some good stuff.
The only parts worth watching in this movie were the hammer breaking apart to kill and the death of zues. thats it.
I Tell You Why This Movie Sucked & They Threw In Fag Rock Monsters & All Kinds Of Bullshit! Disney Thats Why? Anything Disney Touches Turns To Shit & They Need To Be Stopped! Mr. Walt Disney Must Be Turning In His Grave! Sad Sad Sad
Taika is a anti-White left wing bigot, no wonder the movie sucked
You should do these talking into the camera.  No edits.  The way you're doing it now sounds like a bad rapper in slow mo.  You sound like a valley girl who tried to become Australian.
If you're still watching marvel you may be a normie who should jump at the chance to go get killed in the upcoming draft
Man, I thought Melissa Mccarthy in the thumbnail was just absurd photoshop. But no, she is really in the movie
Christ, just try and enjoy the movie not disect it.
Really! It was awesome... you muppet.
It does not suck ... it is just you, that thinks it does.
I remember Mccarthy being fine in Gilmore Girls but after watching the series again on Netflix, I've noted how her terribleness was active then too. Mike and Molly was okay, I compare her performance there to Sam Jackson playing Windu.
lol the promo on this movie was straight lies and garbage. It doesn't even make sense. Take Nebula for example, who is somehow still credited to Karen Gillan even though she wasn't even in the movie and they used a double. 75% of the marketing was GOTG which ended up being 1% of the movie.
Didn't think it was that bad tho, very entertaining
The Critical Drinker is this generation's Mark Twain. See, e.g. his "Fenimore Cooper's Literary Offenses" #2: "They require that the episodes in a tale shall be necessary parts of the tale, and shall help to develop it. But as the 'Deerslayer' tale is not a tale, and accomplishes nothing and arrives nowhere, the episodes have no rightful place in the work, since there was nothing for them to develop. "
i watched this film and thought it was ok. I think critical drinker gets paid to be negative about marvel
It was bad? Am I meant to be surprised?
Taika Waititi is too goofy. He's probably better suited at making silly comedies. I loved Kenneth Branagh's Thor and Alan Taylor's.
Taika is trying so hard to be funny, that's it's getting cringy. I was so hyped back then but now... I didn't even watch the movie
How many times has Loki died so far? And is he dead for good now? Oh no, he has a series now, so he is alive Again!
What even was the point of Melissa McCarthy dressed up as Hela? Seriously, I can’t find a reason why they’d think that was a good idea. Flat comedy, maybe?
I didn’t even realize we were at the final battle, until Patrick Bategorn or whatever reached eternity.
Cringe movie. Didn't finish it
You have a lot of pent up taika rage.
Taika sucks
Watched about an hour of this trash at the weekendand turned it off when I couldn't stand anymore. The characters are played completely differently than previous movies, the jokes don't land and the whole cast is wasted. Phase 4 is the beginning of the end for marvel
Defining what one "can" do versus what one "should" do. Personally i thought Ragnarok was two movies worth of stuff stitched together imperfectly but it worked out alright. Could it have been better? Yeah... but it wasn't the worse movie by far. Would have liked to see more of one of the movies and less of the other(leave it up to your imagination which) but thatsmy personnel preference. The next commenter may be the opposite.  Love and Thunder on the other hand.... feels like it was out of control... There were puns that needed moderation badly. The tone was unfortunate. I can appreciate the humor but i barely watched any previews so was pretty disappointed to find out the Guardians were essentially a cameo. Had no idea about the god butcher but when i saw the segment where he was introduced i was excited thinking they dropped the Guardians so they could do a serious tone Thor movie again with some light humor sprinkled within("ANOTHER" smashes coffee cup).   Instead we had a movie with a cameo from Zeus. A Cameo from Gorr(bit more then a cameo to be fair). A cameo from the Guardians. A Cameo from Sif(Marvel or whoever owns this franchise please stop treating the character this way she deserves better).  Thor's screaming goats (while vaguely lore accurate) got more screen time(and too much scream time) then half the cast.   The weapon romance subplot(there's a rare sentence if i ever heard it) was positively silly. sillier though was the tremendous drop in power Stormbreaker showed versus Mjolnir(no doubt intentional to make Mjolnir Shine a bit more). Made worse that the great plan when confronted by the idea that Gorr was after the Axe was to throw it out into space. You know what else could channel the Bifrost? Gungnir(Also Hofuo) one of those might've been destroyed when Asgard blew up but the location the Asgardian ship exploded is probably public knowledge by now(distress signal). If i wanted a relic capable of channeling the Bifrost even if i wanted to kill gods I'd probably go for the unguarded relic in space over the one that went toe to toe with a complete infinity gauntlet AND WON! Stormbreaker passing a few mooks turned them into liquid(or ash) and the one holding it almost won a one on one fist fight with the HULK!(results arguable)  I'll skip talking about Zeus because that scene was pretty funny(if disrespectful but it worked so i won't complain). What was odd to me was that they acquired thunderbolt before losing Stormbreaker (valk uses it briefly but literally has it taken out of her hands to and used against her which is a travesty for someone who went toe to toe with Hela and survived[though to be fair SO DOES THOR]). Then after arriving they decide to throw away Stormbreaker instead of using it to escape. This is weird to me because both weapons could be used to teleport long distances and instead they ride on a boat pulled by the screaming goats. This does leave the mighty thor behind as long as you ignore the part where thor teleported three people across the realms almost immediately after(ish) acquiring it. then after becoming familiar with it this skill gets... harder?  Then we reach the end of the movie... So... Thor could've buffed up a mass crowd of people at anytime? Feel like there was a pile of dead Asgardian parents who might've been able to make some use out of that when being attacked earlier in the movie. You might argue that it was Thunderbolts power. But i believe it was "the power of THOR!"  And then there was the end... great job you won... oh wait nevermind... They missed a golden opportunity to do something special and set the stage and stakes INSANELY high(again). But what is love?
"Melissa McCarthy" was all that had to be said for me to avoid this expensively-made turd! Thank you for the well-made breakdown/comparison!
The worst movie i see this year so far ! you can see all the action in the trailer . It's no point in watch the movie ... All i love about the movie was Korg lines and hes accent !
Criticism is perfect but the part about Melissa McCarthy. She's incredibly hilarious- it's not her fault the jokes are shit.
To much comedy in Thor 4. Disney Sucks!
Didn’t hate it. But I didn’t like it as much as Ragnarok
This movie was so terrible I thought I was being punked.
Bruhhh you don't need to explain what a scene is for 3 minutes
It bored the shit out of me. I like CB he did great as Gorr
I think they should stop making funny scene in a serious movie I like Thor and Thor the dark world and Ragnarok but love and thunder nahh it's like a gag show
Story sucked and it was not funny. And the goats were f'n anoying.
Tbh I hated Ragnarock. it felt stupid and insulting. So the next installment felt disappointing, but not surprising
You know the bad guy Taiika played on Free Guy? Maybe he is this guy.
To be honest if you watched love and thunder muted the fight scenes are amazing but the problem is that every single one of them was ruined by something stupid we either had gay corgi running his flaps in the background or screaming goats or awkward jealous weapons before every battle
Why am I thoroughly enjoying Thor love and thunder in the background. Oh because the cheesy bs can’t be heard and what’s funny with the drinker in the background it actually looks serious like Thor is supposed to be.
It sucked because of the director and the writing
idk I liked this movie compared to the other phase 4 stuff. I personally thought it was entertaining from start to finish, had many traditional tropes that made Marvel work in the first place, and overall it was a stereotypical Thor movie. Wokeness didn't feel forced, was just a fun movie. I generally dislike all the odd-timed jokes that are sort of forced in all movies since phase 3, but all things considered, I don't think this movie deserves all its criticism. If you liked Ragnarok, this was basically a copy and paste in terms of how everything went.
Ragnarok was the first movie I left feeling absolutely robbed, It was INSANELY BAD, can't imagine how BAD love and thunder is if marvel fans say Ragnarok's better holy shit
Very interesting video even though in not big on marvel
Honestly - I enjoyed the movie.
I love Thor and his friends. But this movie a lil bit bored to me. Like something missing. Probably Loki? Or ... Idk. Something missing. Something making me not going to rewatch this movie. Usually I watch it like 10x times in a month like i did to Ragnarok. I can watch it over and over again.
This comparison video is infinitely better written & directed than the movie itself.
It didn't suck
#Releasethor4again
Taika overdid it. Bad call on this movie.
Yes! i thought i was alone in thinking it sucked, i never searched for anyone else's opinions. Just saw this on my suggested videos.
Ragnarok was a Lethal Weapon style comedy... Love and Thunder was like the movie that mocked 300
they made god butcher a bitch ....shhiiiiiiiiit mn why didn't they write him with all the gore in the comics he caused but nope they had to include fukin kids in it
"interesting comparisons with how Disney treats Norse mythology in the MCU, but I suspect that's a level of awareness that Taika doesn't possess" absolute gold
Am I the only one who loved this movie?
We must have watched different movies. I thought Love and Thunder was far better than Ragnarok. But then I didn't care for Infinity War and End Game. Sure, there were a lot of dumb jokes in L'n'T that should have been left out. Including that particular scene.
I actually loved thor love and thunder, mostly because my expectations from mcu nowadays is watchable garbage
Well I liked it...
This is the craziest thing, I think phase 4 has been my favorite phase since I actually like most of the films in this phase. I feel like I'm the only person who feels this lol
CGI action DIRECTION seem to be lacking and feel tired or are audience jaded?
I actually love most of Taikas movies maybe he works better in a group
Not a flop..but nothing to get all excited about..I feel the story was lacking. I would of loved to see more background on the sword and the God he first killed...the villain was by far the best character in this movie.
I liked but still, it was like a 6.5/10 for me
30 mins in my 11 year old   Said "dad can we watch something else  this is rubbish..."    never been so pleased....
I couldn't even watch it I found my self rooting for the only decent character in the film the villain 🤷‍♂️
love the video but the way he finishes sentences broke me, like the inflection and tempo he uses before a full stop i can't- it sounds so funky lmfao
It sucked
You know thor is like a drunken viking right thats why is dumb and funny you need more drinks before seen it
As a 'casual' observer, knowing nothing of this. It seems that occasionally I see these movies where everyone's hair is perfect - no matter what. That makes it a teen flick - imo.
The way Zeus is portrayed is a joke tbh. Why comedy in a serious situation ?
why they are making our heroes obselete and weak and replacable by women T__T
Who said it sucked? Lmaooo one of the best thor movie out there lmaoo,
So wie J.Schumacher es fast geschafft hätte Batman zu vernichten hat Waitiki das selbe mit Thor bzw. Marvel vor
Plot?  What's a plot?
I have no idea how the wasted Bale 😢 like how do you manage to fuck that up 😂
I really liked Taika as a director from Jojo rabbit since I thought it was a fun but sometimes serious movie, and I did enjoy Ragnarok too but this movie was pretty awful
Anthony Hopkins' "oh shit" was perfectly delivered in the Ragnarok play scene as well.
Hollywood is religion. Also part of government. Its all the same cult. Some people call it the Holy Roman Empire
They made the God of Thunder a complete moron and made it look like he literally wanted to fuck a hammer. Calling this movie trash would be an insult to trash
I get Matt Damon played a character called Loki in the movie Dogma which also added to the humor in Ragnarock for those familiar, but in Love and Thunder it was like they kept or wrote that scene just to justify Matt Damon coming back for a short scene.
Too much jokes. Period. Even for a Marvel movie.
Thor movies are rather bad,  the first one wasn't horrible beyond reason but it was pretty much a surprise they made a sequel,  Thor 2 was absolutely bad in almost every facet...Thor ragnarok was surprisingly entertaining if a little too focused on laughs and is easily the best of the 4 offerings. Thor love and thunder just failed on every level except special effects and even those at times were quite cheesy and bad, it is on the same spectrum as Thor 2.
Loki Didn't set His Personal Ambition Aside 😂 He Stole The TESERACT before Unleashing SURTUR Son of a Bit*h 😂😂
OMG its a comic book movie. Have fun!!! its not supposed to change your life troll
The only scenes that had any depth were Bale's.  The scene where the girl says she's scared and Gorr recounts his daughters life and begins to show his humanity.  As he slowly begins to let emotion show, the only good scenes were his.
I felt like I was being preached to during the whole movie. They wanted to get a message across instead of actually making a good movie.
Skipped through Love and Thunder. Actually watched Ragnarok
even the movie judge "So bad they're good" or "Nanar movie" (in french) are pretty good and interesting compare those rescent garbage, Nanar are just movies that a creator imagine and want to bring to life, but the budget or events decided something completely different from it... but what is pretty interesting is everyone failed nowadays and this kind of production just play with their mistake and failure to make something good of it... But for what I see with many of the recent movies, they have no souls or passions, they want to be perfect movie, but this is just shit and disastrous mess of CGI with soulless actors/actress in a stupid scenario written by a army of kindergarten toddler... Seriously hollywood you are far from expectation and closer the edge of mediocrity.
https://youtu.be/SXH49y511nA
really? i thought the movie was alright
I only made it a out a half hour into the movie and stopped watching cause I was so bored, and I'm usually very entertained by anything marvel smdh.🤦
I'll be honest I didn't like Thor 3 at first. The comedy is what really ruined it for me despite the story and acting being amazing. I just learned to like it after all the praise it got. So I'm honestly kind of glad to see this Taiki/Thor experiment fail.
It wasn't that bad you guys are that bad you guys are that nasty, it was a comic book movie for god sakes, this was not Shakespeare, not that anybody would actually know good writing, for a comic book movie if they did a lot of smashing and bashing and if it was beloved by a younger audience, then it was good.
it seems the protagonist in this movie is like the antagonist.
9:20 ok but that one piece shirt is fire
Bruv fix your cadence. I cant even think about what your saying over your bouncy duh duh duh DUUUHHH duh dub DUHHH voice
I've watched Ragnarok probably 20 times but I couldn't get thru 45mins of L&T. What an absolute turd. I waited a long fucking time for Love and Thunder and was thoroughly disappointed. Can't believe it was done by the same director. I expected more from Teepee Waikiki
Well the fact that Thor was made into a buffoon and Jane was killed off, so NO happy ending for anyone, what a waste of time and talent!  So over the woke and stupid writing!  Bye bye Disney and Marvel! Total suck!
Ragnarok was a bad movie too. MCU's Thor is a ruined character now. The idea to make Thor movies a sort of sitcom is just idiot.
The movie stank because they took away all the good from Ragnarok and replaced it with agenda b.s. Ragnarok already butchered Thor the character but thor was boring anyway. The fight and team up with the hulk made the movie good. Without the hulk they were left with Jane's boring story and korgs dumb ass. Korg is a bit character. And now we know he is also gay so thanks. And why an immortal like Oden would die yet Zesu is still dicking around makes no sense. Do these writers not know what immortal means?
I think the Love and Thunder scene could be made way better just by zooming out to Thor seeing it and saying “you would love it” referring to Loki then moving on
Well at least it gave us good memes.
the critical drinker always ends every sentence like hes getting increasingly infuriated
This was a story told from Korg's perspective. Watch it again and imagine Korg explaining every scene.... That is Love and Thunder.
Hey dude review #RRR I want to know your take on it.
I just think it's funny that you spent 5 minutes talking about Thor Ragnorok even tho you were trying to criticize Thor love and thunder.. almost as if you also have lazy writing
Watching that theatre scene in the movie totally reminded me of James Corden's 4D theatre skid with the Thor-cast as part of one his Late Late Night Shows. But that at least elicited some laughter, this one felt like a remake of a remake.
You knew it was going to suck the second you heard Natalie Portman was back - didn't matter her role - she dragged down the first two movies.
It didn't suck?
i would love if youd do she hulk finale plz
the only bad take was that Melisa McCarthy isnt funny
I agree with all the points made in this video.....although Tessa isn't Taika's girlfriend...Rita Ora is.....and thank the lord she wasn't cast because she couldn't act her way out of a paper bag.
Spot on analysis.  I went in to this movie with such excitement. I left thinking this could be the beginning of the end for Marvel. Couple this garbage with the Marvel shows and the entire franchise seems to be in a death spiral.
I liked it to some degree... Though for some reason made Zues out to be a pretty pretty princess and somehow his lightning bolts are considered more powerful then even stormbreak? I could see them being equal in power but made it out to believe the lightning bolt was stronger somehow. Also Thor somehow was able to give his powers to a bunch of kids and they somehow were able to become great warriors as a result? The Cancer felt forced and built it up like she only went after the hammer to cure herself which would make her the direct opposite of worthy since that's selfish but then changed it to no the hammer was calling her but it wasn't. And then at the very end somehow her and Thor convince the god killer to change his dreams and wish to bring his dead daughter back and leave her in the care of a god? The same type of being he swore to wipe fully out? Also her wielding Stormbreaker at the end looked stupid as crap. The hammer fine can kinda see it but don't see how shes worthy?
There is only one scene in Thor love and thunder I genuinely liked and laughed at...the scene at the beginning where Thor rides his axe like a witch.
super villains and super heroes fighting for either the safety of or domination of the universe.... is NOT slapstick....is NOT comedy....it is the modern version of greek mythology.... (the odd joke yes....with deadpool the exception....) first hulk....then thor ruined and shown up by a woman version of themselves.... soon ALL superheroes will be black, gay, wimmin....
F you man. Why are you pretending that marvel movies aren't all the same?
Some of you ( a lot of you, actually ) seem to be forgetting these are based off comic books . And like that medium, these movies have different artists and teams creating unique runs. So, you pass on picking up the latest issue of Thor:  Love and Thunder.  Personally I loved the film, I love Taika and what he brings to the table, and you don't. Cool man. If that doesn't remind you of arguing over the merits and flaws of particular runs and titles in front of the comic racks at your local shop, then I feel oddly sad that you missed out on doing that.   I also love the absolute bonkers style of the new show She-Hulk. It's absurd, it's cheesy, it's in your face with it's messaging, it's saturated and feels like a sugar coated brick to the face. It's just fun. And I feel that Love and Thunder brings that same kinda wack-a-do energy to otherwise extremely bleak subject matter. I don't want to take the opening sequence and ride that energy the whole film.  If that's your cuppa, I strongly recommend the animated masterpiece Grave of the Fireflies. Now, I think I'm going to travel across a rainbow bridge with a pair of screaming goats. All love guys!
Who cares! People it’s a fucking movie. Get over yourself
I had to stop that "movie" 30 minutes in. The first 5 min worked well with an interesting back story to the bad guy but everything after that was such garbage that my brain was about to melt.
You are a lazy paint by numbers kinda channel
nothing to do with the video but I just realized they hinted at Loki's disguise by having all the guards in armor have a helmet shaped similar to his in the first movie
I have a general rule of not watching anything with Melissa McCarthy in it. Wish id have known beforehand.
"buying into his own hype" that's a lot of Hollywood these past few years.
no comment on the little blue boy and the old bearded fellow. .that probably revealed more than anything else in ragnarok
Odin, another Marvel hero that deuced out before shit got bad.
Yep
Someone get that 4 hour cut so Mauler can finally make his first 24 hour long video breaking it down 🤣🤣🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Waititi needs a partner when working such films. Someone who can keep him grounded but still allow him to explore some of his ideas.
got main chick that killed ghost busters pass they going full woke next thor
This might seem like a shock to you but most people who've seen this movie haven't seen ragnarok, legit I don't know how the marketing did it, but all my friends who had never watched MCU before ended up watching this movie, even my mom was aware of this movie, I have no idea how they did this.
my fav part is the part where the girl dies of cancer. this "funny" movie and then someone dies of cancer like wtf lol. i legit laughed when i found out about that.  edit: forgot to put quotes around the word funny.  oh also you know what i kinda wanna see? i wanna see someone give diff editors a bunch of filmed movie and tell them to edit it and see how each one comes out. like one would come out as a horror movie and the other a romance lol. i just wanna see what editors can do with one film, see how many diff movies you can get from it ya know?  the only reason the play is in this movie is because someone said "hey that play scene from the previous movie was funny, lets do that again!" and had no clue as to what the scene even was or meant for.
This movie was so bad, I actually quit streaming it around the time Portperson showed up in the Thor armor.  MCU is dead
Worst movie, I never bothered to finish , holy shit it was awful.
Wow . . ok . . . I thought Love and Thunder was pretty good, it had more comedy in it than the other Thor movies, the plot twists were not predictable, and somewhat emotional when Portman bowed out.  Ending was a little weird with adoptive son.  You got to at that movie as more of a Comedy/Action than an Action/Thriller.  They changed up the direction, which was kind of refreshing. You should of reserved this review clobbering for "Thor: the Dark World", now that movie sucked.  An unmemorable plot, who's the antagonist? , never heard of him, neither has anybody else.  What's the goal of the "bad guy",  just make everything dark, or some nonsense, nobody cares.  How did the "dark energy" work?,  some vague crap not explained well.  Overall, boring and the antagonist was terrible, never felt much of a sense danger or mere intimidation by him, more of a bad joke.
EVERYTHING A DEMOCRAT LAYS HANDS ON TURNS TO $HIT.
This really holds up on multiple views.  I think it's one of your better works.   Well done sir!
I can't stand taika.
That scene where Thor did the splits gave me an uneasy vibe. Why would they put Thor in that kind of position?
Taika’s ego is pretty ridiculous and, to me, he lost his opp to direct more marvel a while ago
FACTS!!
I'm smelling a DC fan here
that's my thought exactly, that although i love Taika Waititi movies and shows he just wasn't the right person for Thor Love & Thunder.
Wait! What! Tessa Thompson is his girlfriend! I thought she was gay.
Thor love, and fucking retarded was beyond bad.
hey .. like your content and critical mind. just had a question out of curiosity more than anything and that question is : is this your real voice ? and how you really talk or is it a bit ? please i want to know. thanks in advance if you reply. if you dont its fine but i would reall.y appreciate it dear sir
A possible rebuttal that I don’t necessarily agree with is that you’re judging the film by Western standards of narrative and plot while Taika is a native person from NZ with their own story telling tradition. It’s like saying “shit smells bad” no it smells bad to you as a human being, not to a fly…
Does Kevin Fiege watch these movies and shows himself before putting them out??
Tell me about it, in this film, Natalie P0rnman didn't even give big boy THOR a Bl0w1e, didn't she know as a scientist that THORS swinging Hammer back throating her by a Norse god cures all sicknesses and diseases. she would have lived forever if she just got on her knees.
It sucked because Disney is destroying everything it touches.
I feel like they knew the theater scene was incredibly useless in hindsight, but they kept it in since they paid those A-lister actors to be there with... I'd bet 10-20% of the overall budget.
ill watch this when i get home.  im on the train atm.. and people might actually think i watch this marvel shit. th first ironman was pretty bad ass...... first hulk... forst spiderman... first three star wars.... first three indiana movies.... all the back to the future movies....
Yup, Thor was and could have been awesome, nowadays he's a complete laughing stock and about as intimidating as a puppy. I'm pretty sure 5 year olds have other things they can watch.
Anyone that's read the Thor storyline with Gorr the God Butcher, knows his story and character in this movie were absolutely underwhelming.
I don't know if you take fan requests, but I'd love to see a couple scene comparison videos comparing why Captain America: The Winter Soldier worked and The Falcon and the Winter Soldier didn't.
And wrong....this movie was fun to watch and did a great job of embracing the goofy cheese that is in the thor comics.
I'm done with ALL the super stupid movies.
The best thing about Love and Thunder was the screaming goats. I couldn't help it. I laughed every time.
Not to mention, the reveal of Hercules in the end credits was weak.
The film was complete and utter dogshit
👍🤙👍👍👍👍
I got an example of a time where Melissa McCarthy genuinely made me laugh and it was during the Super Bowl commercial with the Kia Soul "2018" I think, probably because she didn't actually write the commercial but it was a really funny commercial.
Ah the drinker is in the house! Now I feel better.
This movie was just fun and I'm glad she died... Ha ha ha
I feel Taika’s personality was summed up in Free Guy…
This movie Sucked, Big Time, horrible
@Drinker   can you please you drunken mad bastard please tell me you've watched Mr inbetween.   and in the small chance you haven't can you please have a look at it.  small funded production well-written.
I wouldn't say it sucked. It was okey to watch one time, but definitly not a multiple watch movie. I guess it was okey. I enjoyed it as dumb fun
You weren't drunk for this video
God the theater scene was so painful. "You feel every fucking second of it" I couldn't agree more
Loved this movie better than the 1st two Thor movies
I watched just today. Not great, not terrible either. A firm 3 out of 5
I agree w/ CD’s assessment. For me, I began to realize it was more of an SNL parody than MCU homage about 45 seconds and wanted it to end.
Taika took the woke pill.
The whole franchise sucked. You all got swindled into over a decade of shit movies.
Critical Drinker have you ever seen the movies Three Days of the Condor (1975) or Heist (2001)? I think both movies would make great material for your reviews. They have suspense, twists and turns in the narrative, and leave you guessing at the end. Also Heist has very witty back and forth dialog. All things we are missing in todays Hollywood more or less. I think you would enjoy them tremendously and they would make for good youtube content.
1:04 the spin kick thor did on that vehicle felt so fake
I didnt even watch it.
Good
Didnt watch it couldnt care less.
Learn to talk jock
i like the movie. i cried twice. good movie
I'm going to use up my one comment to just say this. Melissa McCarthy IS NOT FUNNY! Good God !
I liked the video.  Mostly just because of the humor of its author. However, I stopped caring about the Super hero movies quite a while ago.
I realize why I come back to the Drinker over and over, and it's not just for the Single Malt Scotch, I learn a lot about writing here as well as a better understanding of the movies critiqued!
Love and Thunder wasn't a movie, it was an insult.
I’m a cynic, and I think the way not only Disney, but all of Hollywood, treats Norse and European a culture and myth, is not an accident. But malicious derision.
Totally didn't suck, thoroughly enjoyed it!
I'm tired of yall hating on love and thunder . That movie was amazing.  Granted I was on 2.5 grams of shroom tea , but still  it was an extremely fun movie , hilarious movie , great music .  And before anyone says yeah well you were high i should say that i watched the movie no less than I think 4 times that trip . I also rewatched it the next day with my lady .  the director is a damn genius and I'm pretty sure he too does psychedelics because the jokes were on point . The goats were great , the scene where thor gave his powers to the kids was great . Gorr seeing his daughter one last time was great. Thor making "pan flaps" for his daughter born from infinity was great . I literally made my daughter pan flaps after that movie . Seriously all you haters need to eat shrooms and watch it again and stop over analyzing everything and just enjoy the ride. Go watch citizen Kane or something but don't ruin a fun movie . I'm legit stoked for the next movie .
JUST RE-SUBSCRIBED...🤔 SCREW U YOUTUBE 🖕🏻
No one has stated in the obvious ever about THOR.... He kind of sucked-ass as a comic book character so he's probably going to suck ass as some shitty, unending film- sequel remake character.   Hemsley has something to look forward to, his retirement in Hollywood (China), as an old fat fucker still only being able to play one character... An old fat guy retiring into a rest home in Valhalla, Szechwan province.
The only good Thor movie was the first one. Ragnarok was shit and this one too. They turned a God to a stand-up comedian for fcks sake
I personally can't stand Melissa McCarthy.  I don't think she's funny at all and all her roles are so "TRY HARD."
Do "The Woman King"!!! 🤣
I was disappointed that this whole time the "love" in "love and thunder" is reference the child that has minimal scene time, I was thought it was referring to Jane foster who sacrifice her life!  Could not the villain wish for both his daughter and Jane Foster to be alive? No, because agenda says fatherless or motherless home is okay.   If he believed all god are evil, he should have wish Jane to be alive too to take care of the child, one because she is a human which in his sense should be better off than a god, two he just decided to trust Thor, I know all audience know Thor is a good guy , but Thor is just a random male from his perspective, and he trust him with his daughter, no safety concern?
Would you mind please changing your voice? Your insufferable downspeak makes it impossible to agree with anything you say.
I found it light and entertaining. Not much depth here but it is a comic book movie. No matter how you dress it up these are stories about imaginary superheroes in imaginary worlds. Ragnarok was better for sure but this one had its laughs too. These movies are stupid and fun. That’s it.   Just a  bunch of sensitive nerds crying over comic book interpretations. “Mom! More hot pockets and code red! “ the character development and arch wasn’t blah blah blah 😢😭😭
Awesome :D
Thor 5?! Just.... WHY?!
man i am a fan of your videos and i agree with most of what you said except that melissa mcarthy is not funny part.  search for "melissa mccarthy pizza eater" and then tell me she isnt funny.
And now Tonka is going to do a Star Wars film? Typical disney.
Nobody ever talks about how AI is probably generating these movies now.  Not a joke and can easily be proven.  Only question is how much.  From the very first movie ever made it was never 100% authentic due to acting, staging, cutting etc etc but let's say at the start it was 99% authentic.  Then along comes CGI which we already know existed like 30 + years ago.  So now we are at nearly 50% artificial.  What if now it's just a human putting in some parameters into a movie generator, and then a human edits the AI generated movie or 90 to 99% artificial.
Is anyone else finding it extremely annoying how this guy ends every single sentence in the exact same tone  Emphasizing and dragging out the last word of every single sentence....like makes you want to meet this guy just to punch him I'm the face because he loves the sound of his own voice way to much
Not to mention that Matt Damon also played a Loki before
Watching this I just realized something. Taika seems somewhat southern in his appearance, and if I recall correctly I think he was from Pacific region? Now this begs the question, why is he an acceptable person to write or direct a movie that has it's roots in Nordic mythology? Or maybe even more why has there been no outrage about this terrible cultural appropriation? I as a Nordic person dont really mind to be honest and I suppose that goes for most of us. But I would suppose if it was the other way around there might be a bit of an uproar if for example a Norwegian was to write and direct a movie about Hawaiian folklore. Of course since as far as I know there's not recently been any good points for comparison but my double standards sense is tingling.
the thing with this movie for me is that it's too funny for a thor movie. i mean thor would be the last hero to expect wise cracks from. only time i would understand thor be funny is the what if episode where he was a party god
Thor Ragnarok was pure gold. This was a huge leap backwards handing the keys to Taika
I actually liked this movie but I’m here for the jokes
Still better then Ms. Marvel and she hulk
It so good shut up bro this is one of the best movies in along time
Thor Love And Thunder, the TURD of TURDS!
So Taika Waititi wasn’t acting in “Free Guy”, that was just him being himself.
I honestly feel that all young aspiring directors should watch this video.
That whole arc of massive prolonged loss, dealing with trauma, rediscovery of worth and self.. f all that.  They could have pulled Thor from 5 minutes into the first movie and just plugged him into Love and Thunder.  What a complete misfire.
Agree, nicely said! It's a shame, love the characters and their comic legacy and they just turn it to shit.   This one too campy for me.  I like well placed campyness if it's hard to pass up a moment, but not the whole film!  I wish Disney didn't have exclusive rights and we could see a better film un-disneyfied.
I liked the movie, very funny, great comedy, even with the the masculine women.
As much as I didn't enjoy Thor: Love And Thunder, I hope this doesn't completely kill Taika Waititi's momentum. Yes, this movie was bad, and yes, he wrote this one but not Ragnarok, but he also wrote Jojo Rabbit and Hunt for the Wilderpeople, two movies I absolutely adore. He also wrote and directed some episodes of Flight of the Conchords, a comedy cult classic at this point. He is a more than capable director and writer, I just want him to keep making his own films, and this seems like a convenient time to escape the Disney Machine.
Melissa is funny in spy, well Jason is the funniest in spy tho
Taika just wants to play bad german man while thinking he is funny.
This was yet another POS work agenda promo movie and nothing more. I stopped watching when stone face started talking about his two dads courting. Trash.
Its a huge bummer that scenes like this, totally unnecessary, exist in a film that we know cut tons of other scenes, including plenty with the excellent Christian Bale acting alongside other greats that straight up aren't in the final product.
🤣🤣🤣
MCU up through Endgame = Definitive.  MCU after Endgame = Derivative.
What went wrong with Love and Thunder? Rita Ora. Everything was all good with Waititi until he got involved with her. That's who I'm blaming anyway. She's like a living breathing curse and thank your lucky stars that he didn't cast her in the movie!
Love and thunder is a good movie if it’s played in the background
I blame Disney far more than Waititi. Waititi is the kind of director who just likes to make something cool and over the top, and admittedly, it was a spectacle, and many parts were entertaining... in the same way a monster truck show or Transformers was entertaining. That's not a bad thing inherently, but if Disney wanted to actually build a coherent plot and story for their Phase 4... they needed a better writing staff.
I like how his voice starts high in every sentence and gets low at the end of a sentence :D
This is the worst Thor movie crap l have ever seen.
This film was terrible it thought it was funny yet every joke just fell flat the best part of the film was when the guardians were there then it was total trash after they left.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujBjn1qeCLs
it could be undone  , probably all it would take is another guardians cameo where they save thor from some weird ass aliens that put all this "love" into thors head searching for eneternity to make their own wish,  could end with thor having the wish restoring asgard accidentally when he is trying to save someone that would die but he or she dies, everyone sad, but we got asgard back and they can fck off of earth back to home but thor would be thorn inside would rarely return to new new asgard because he would blame himself for the death of the guy or gal that he couldn't save with the wish so he stays more on earth, so thor would be where he should with reason, no weird ass fcking kid , there could be some explanation why noone ever used the wish when they clearly know how to get there and for some reason there is only one wish you could easily make it super secret that only the rulers of asgard would know and it got passed down to thor because before odin died he wanted him to be his successor clearly loki couldn't be tursted with such thing considering his character  overall also new new asgard could be hidden with magic or science  to portrait a destroyed asgard/planet/whatever  on the outside.
I loved marvel and Thor but this movie is TERRIBLE 🤮 They need to know it so Marvel gets their act together. Thanks for the video
We really don't want two Thors.
So, I just paid 6 bucks to watch this on direct tv… goddamm I’m 20 mins in and this sucks… Christian bale has likely buried the bodies of those who involved him in this dreck ..
The worst part is Love and Thunder had some decent moments. The rest of the movie itself really isn't that memorable.
I thought the pseudo love triangle between Thor mjolnir and stormbreaker was weird
The theater scene in ragnarok was legit funny, and anything with Melissa Mccarthy in it is not. Love and thunder was both disappointing,  and at times artistically intriguing.  The shadow realm scenes in black and white for example.
This film really sucked, so disappointing.
Melissa McCarthy is not annoying because she's fat and Cate Blanchett is skinny. Melissa McCarthy is annoying because Cate Blanchett can act and she can't.
Thor without Love and Thunder
I would be somewhat surprised if they even make a Thor 5
The movie is my opinion was fine but the humor really ruined it for me. I loved the serious scene with gorr but that's about it
Took a while before I realised you weren't talking about "Take-Away Tea"... 😂
Romans 10:9-10 "That if you confess with your mouth, "Jesus is Lord," and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.  For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved.”
The only character that took their role seriously was Bale.  Everything else was just one sad joke, literally.
The Zeus scene was one of the dumbest wastes of time I’ve ever seen
Nice
The tacky tourist scene is most likely an excuse to make a metaphor for commercialised Maori culture in New Zealand. It has been watered down to be sold to tourists. The town of Rotorua (not far from Taika’s home town) for example is filled with “Maori tourism”.
As a kiwi Taika has always done well with "Hori humor". It's the kind of stuff we as kids would joke about and say and it was kinda hilarious to see him play Korg and throw some of it on a big screen but it really only works as a one time thing and not spread over a whole movie because only Kiwis (and Australians that have met kiwis) would actually properly understand and see the real reason why it's so funny.. Taika leaning into his own hype is just kinda sad and shows he probably shouldn't have full control over movies with a budget this big.
I’m really sad you’ve not done a review on Pacific Rim.  (Not uprising, no one needs that)
Nice
This could have been such a "metal" movie with some fantastic stories points and visuals.  It failed at both.
Ragnaorock:  Play out on by Loki about events he was actually there for.,  Love and Thunder: Play put on about events that nobody would know about as nobody witnessed them.
Marvel should make a new all female Avengers movie - with She Hulk, Captain Marvel and the Valkyrie in the main roles
Nice accent and great work on the design of your house for your first time in a while now
Taika obviously watches One Piece, give the man a break 🤣 jk this movie was so shit and I had to force myself to finish it so I could say I watched and it was shit
Taika’s attempt at the Thor movies are way too quirky. Love and Thunder was a good looking movie, visually, but sucked in story and character development. Not to mention the annoyance of throwing in the completely unnecessary wokeness.
You know something isn't right when a 47 year old man is walking around the set of his blockbuster movie in a Straw Hat Luffy sweater.
I feel it’s a George Lucas  scenario where the first movie (in George Lucas’s case trilogy) was assisted and well guided by good writers and cast and crew helping guide the movie to be good and then cause the first one was so great when they wanted to make the second one they gave full control to the director thinking it would be a second hit just cause they think all Instead of some credit comes to the director and then it flop’s cause the directors don’t have a good enough foundation to do their best and so the floor turns to quicksand and they drop a deuce and air on your local theater
love & "woke-under"
I disagree Mccarthy as Hella looks hilarious
amazing review 👏, cured my insomia 🔥🔥
Taiki Whythehellwhatever always sucked. I hated Ragnarok from the first scene because of his attempts at "comedy." He ruined the Hulk/Banner arc by having Hulk talk and Thor not react at all and just joke around, he ruined the Planet Hulk story, He ruined Korg and his storyline.....why does everyone love that abomination so much?!?
I think it was fun becouse its kind of sucked, seems like they have different director here.
I actually really liked love and thunder
🙏💯
Holy fuck I just assumed Melissa McCarthy was a shopped meme and not actually in the movie... That's enough for me to never watch this ugh
I don't read comics but Christian bale's character has a sad backstory and he could have been a thanos type of character.
Worst movie hands down I've seen this year lol.
New Title For L&T, "Thor, Thor 2, and an entire preschool of Thors fight a man who just wants to live a peaceful life with his daughter, because f*ck him."
Bang on and with an understanding of character and structure that few modern writers seems to understand.  Never read your books, but I just might have to.  And if I do, I'll be honest and tell you if you're good or if you suck.  If I'm going to give my valuable time to something then I'm going to be honest.  And hopefully when/if I give whatever review I give, you'll be as open to the response as you've hoped the makers of this "thing" obviously weren't.
meh
I think Melissa McCarthy was genuinely funny in "Spy," she had a much better script to work with tho.
Because they are running  out of ideas and creativity.
Taika has ruined the Thor franchise. Bring back Kenneth Branagh as director!
It is awful that the screaming goats were the best part.  Very sad.   Thor 5: Emasculated Norse Mythology.
The Film actually started out well, the motivation of the Villain was clear and absolutely understandable, but from there it just went down the drain, it loses its reason to exist at the end, most MCU films usually work towards each other, like how Ragnarök played into Avengers, and so on, love and thunder is doing nothing productive.
the part where hulk told the thor "it's smashing time" is reflective of the world as we know it today
Please review Deadpool 2 🙏🙏
This movie made me SO SAD. I was expecting more Ragnorak and what I got was… well… this.
dropping F bombs in the very first Sentence of your video? lame. do not recommend channel..
Hollywood is making movies for 7 and below,,, Violence and destruction have become the norm!  I have become addicted to your critic of($$$$$$$ ) Dollarwood and the movie industry!
Biden is good president
I bet they will kill wakanda forever too
Great review. What a piece of trash. They should be embarrassed.
They are turning many films in to nothing more than sarcastic comedy woke culture it's boring. Some agenda being pushed . Il stick with The dark Knight batman and that's about it .
Didn’t really mind the movie, don’t understand why everyone hates on it
It was decent.  Cry about something else
YOU SHOULD WATCH CASTELVANIA
Wonder 💯👍👍👍
Are you gonna do review for Cyberpunk 2077 Edgerunners?
Drinker you most masculine and manly critical commenter of the modern media Zeitgeist, its time you watch something good for ye!   If you can watch and recommend Arcane, then you need to get your eyes on this Netflix series called Cyberpunk: Edgerunners!!!   Make sure you bring some tissues for the last couple episodes!
Can you do a review on bullet train
Can you do a review on nope
Drinker, I need your Wakanda new trailer reaction. I don't know why, but it would make my week complete.
Everyone's acting like half assed for a philanthropy play. And then there's this dead serious wonderful acting by Bale.
This movie was so brave and inspiring
in my eyes, the theater scene was more of a reflection on thor and how he is trying to keep his brother's legacy alive, even when it is something as stupid as this play. he just has nothing, but I agree it is not nearly as beneficial as the scene in Ragnarok, because like you said it doesn't push the plot, it just restates that thor is alone.
Ragnarok was a "serious movie with humour" Love and thunder was a "silly movie with humour" it did make me laugh but outside of that it was too silly for too long that It lost my attention through out the movie.
meh i enjoyed it
Why didn’t Thanos just go to Eternity to make his wish instead of going through all the effort to get all the infinity stones? Marvel is purposefully creating plot holes at this point
Honestly, the thing that amuses me to no extent about this video is how your more worried about Toei copyrights over a shirt than Disney idiocy.
As long as copy and paste ideas make money.. 🫤
Yeah, you prettey much said it. Dispite the fact that you only covered one scene, this is a very effective way to explain the rest of the movie.
Nah nah nah, the movie was great 👍
This has nothing to do with the movie, but since you're big fan of korean zombie shows and movies like Trian to Busan and All of Us are Dead, then I would highly recommend watching Kingdom. It's on Netflix with two seasons and it is its best korean zombie offering to this day.
love and thunder is just proof that taika waititi's role in free guy is actually just him
“Buying into his own hype” 🙏🔥🔥
Yeh, Taika is a funny and cool guy, yet needs a strong writing partner or two.  9:40 ish
I"m one of those that DID NOT like Thor: Ragnarok.  It wasn't funny.  It wasn't clever.  And it wasn't worth watching.  However, it *was* a lot better than this movie.  It seems to me that I'm no longer part of Marvel's intended demographic.
I think Christian Bale  was the only saving grace here and his story was very interesting. Now I wish I could have seen the movie with the others joining him in a good story. He brought gravitas to it, everyone else, just silliness. One adult, lots of kids... :-(
I've just watched this tonight and I wish I had have watched this first and saved myself. I go into every movie wanting to like it but by 20 minutes I was wincing. Save for parts of the end where it dialled down the humour and actually got on with it. The whole thing was a waste of time.
Well. I don’t agree with you. But I agree love and thunder is worse of than ragnarok. I mean ragnarok is top five of all mcu movies so it’s kinda hard to beat. But it was fun. And gorr was well played, great story arch and character development.
Bro you gotta review hocus-pocus 2 it's pretty shit
You should do an Edgerunner review. Love to see your breakdown and opinions on the show.
Maybe if taika didn’t write the movie maybe it would’ve been better
Hey Drinker! When are you going to review The Boys 3? Curious to hear your take. Mixed feelings about it here
are you going to watch the Quantum Leap reboot ?  im going to wait until the whole season is out before i start, i hate waiting a week for another episode kind of excited, Dr Sam Beckett was basically my childhood !!
Pretty sure he recently made a indie movie presented as "based on true events" about cultural oppression in NZ. It's a creative take on some bad past events with things cranked up to 50. Helping promote the American style racial tensions that NZ never really had problems with
Indeed 🤔🤔🤔🤔
I liked it cos it felt like I was reading a comic from the 80s. Absolute slugfest, weak attention to story all jam packed into this 32 page .. er 3hour journey. I can play this as background noise 👍
Honestly i like this movie. I like the team and don't underestimate the coolness of the weapons, it was a nice story about moving on and on top of that they made a movie with kids in focus and it wasn't terrible because of it.
Op
i watched the movie, just to watch your criticism of it. to be honest there were parts of the movie i found well made, and others, like this scene, were terrible.
Drinker needs to do a production hell on "Dont worry Darling"
Bruh I thought the thumbnail on this video was a meme 😂😂😂
Imagine enjoying garbage comic book movies in the first place... I mean, you'd have to know literally nothing about anything... Then imagine claiming only one in a series is bad... lmfao, wake up, you've been force fed 'Transformers: the movie #27, the fast and the need for speed'... WAKE UP!
Keep up the great work my man !!
Next video idea fix the story of the saints row reboot not sure if you have done game story’s before would be interested to know where you would take it 🤷‍♂️
I thought it was funny, BUT you're right, it ultimately wasn't needed. If anything its just fan service to those that liked the original bit in Thor Ragnarok. Disney 8s both the master and destroyer of fan service and I believe its killing franchise, that also why I like Andor so far, almost zero fan service, its actually expanding the universe of star wars
New format is really cool man
@The Critical Drinker, review “Bros”. I hear it was a massive flop at the box office
Please review Collateral by Michael Mann?
Thor love and thunder feels like a forced guardian of the galaxy type of movie.  IMO, the only funny scene is when the rock guy told mantis to whistle and mantis just outright screaming. the rest is well.. just like your average mediocre Netflix movie that written by woke people.
Taika needs to create his own franchise.
I was disappointed that it was too much of a farce, never really able to take anything seriously.
This movie seemed more like an attempt to scare fans away from the franchise so they can shut down. I sure don't want a single MCU show or movie that is not on the level of Avengers end game. Go back to what worked or give it up and maybe try creating something original for once. If they reach phase 5, or 6, or whatever phase is next with this crap it's on the viewer.
Man, When You Do Get To Watch It Try Ponniyin Selvan (PS-1). I personally think its great but we'd love a scene breakdown like this.
The other thing the play in Ragnarok does is take the piss out of the overly serious tone of Thor 1 and 2, introducing 3 as a light hearted comedy. The play in L&T didn't serve any purpose by comparison.  Not to mention that meta jokes rarely work again and again. Usually a sign that a shark has been jumped.
Any negative you can think of about taika is negated because he wears a one piece sweatshirt because oh he’s quirky and likes anime
Hunt for the wilderpeople is still one of the best comedies I've ever seen.
Has anyone else been randomly unsubscribed from this particular channel in the last week? I've been sub'd for like 4+ years and watch nearly every video he puts out 🤔 very odd
One question I have is. If a Norwegian made a movie about Māori mythology, would people be okay with it?
I'm incredibly hoping that there's no Thor 5.  The character Chris and Tom deserve so much better than what has already transpired.
No, Melissa McCarthy has never been funny.
After watching Arcane, live actions' visual effects look lame to me borderline cringey. Fantasy sells better to me in animations. This is just me though.
So much anger. Are you OK? It can be viewed without finding out someone just drank your last flavored water.
If you liked rrr, you will love Vikram
It sucked because Tacky Wacky made Thor stupid. Tacky Wacky must hate blondes.  Because Thor is a walking/ talking Dumb Blonde.
Taika Waititi needs to go away forever
HaHA! Figured it out. Disney is turning every movie into a kids movie. THINK: ➖Nothing has to make sense.  ➖Bad guys are bad for no reason. ➖Kid/teenager has to do what the previous hero/adult can’t handle.  ➖Kids stories often have an all powerful trouble they’re required to defeat. (Like a wish from the universe) 👍 There we go. Almost everything Disney conquers is infected by childhood storytelling.  (The She-Hulk sitcom is an exception. But then it didn’t exist before the takeover.)
I don't get it, Taika's films were so brilliant: Jojo Rabbit for example
Have to say @criticaldrinker your analysis nails it. Two like scenes with strikingly different outcomes. It's a forensic takedown of how Love and Thunder failed miserably. thank you for the master class.
You are by far the best film critic on Youtube.
You seem to tout yourself as some kind of master story teller but you miss the beauty of this film because you are letting life ruin your perspective. For instance, I liked the way Gor's story mirrored Jane's. He lost everything he had in order to get his power and she got everything she wanted when she got hers. She was able to realize how lucky she was to have the life she had and was able to use that to give him what he wanted most but had forgotten due to his rage at life and the god's. She helped him realize he had the power to bring his daughter back and that love is eternal. Sounds like a metaphor for what the filmmaker was trying to say with this project. And for how you missed the point.
Idk I thought this movie was hilarious and charming.🤷🏾
Wokeness
“Drugs and alcohol wont effect my child”
This movie tried so hard to be cute and funny but ended up obnoxious.  Bale was the only reason I didn’t walk out.
I had low expectations after seeing the previous film. My low expectations paid off. This film was a hot mess. To much camp, to much woke, and to many big name actors that added nothing to the film. Janes story was completely lost in all the camp.   Disney has successfully trashed the MCU.
The MM scene when she comes through the paper hoop reminds me of the Shockmaster bit from WCW wrestling. If only she had face-planted.
No mention of the 7 minute orgy conversation scene?
.
yeaaaaahh I agreee with it
I mean, Love and Thunder was definitely no Ragnarok, but I wouldn't agree that it sucked. There were some things in it that were unnecessary and forced (the theater scene and the weapons/thor love triangle), but overall it was a good Marvel movie
Taika Waititi it's a good director, but not for a Movie like Thor,  I like how he experiments with the characters and backgrounds, but, yeah, that can't work on a movie like Thor love and thunder
Some fair points but I think the one about Disney exploiting Norse culture into a bastardised tourist attraction is a bit harsh, as Waititi culture has been exploited in the same way.  His culture has mostly survived due to tourism and preforming on stage for other cultures.
My faith in Taika was completely lost with this film and how it went about introducing the domain of the gods.  "Bao, God of Dumplings"? Really? Like, I get that the movie's told from the perspective of Korg, but that's just the dumbest joke in the film.
"Already struggling MCU phase4" ?? How much money have they made again?
If you really want to watch a great Thor movie I recommend "The Northman"! 😊
I'll watch Love and Thunder when it comes out on Disney+. But I'm not paying for it... I use someone else's Disney+   😅🤣
Total fckn garbage is a compliment
It was like watching Thor fighting the clown IT because of the spiders.
It was fine.
I look forward to your review of Cyberpunk Edgerunners
…
Drinker! Please bless us with a review of Dahmer
I was extremely bored throughout the movie and everytime I felt like the movie was getting serious and I got emotionally invested, the movie would make a bad joke.  I’m not kidding when I say this too, the screaming goats were more integral to the story than Valkyrie, which is a shame considering she was pretty cool in Ragnarok and is now the leader of Asgard.  It felt like Valkyrie was just there to be representation for LGBTQ and then just leave.
Terrible movie
Honestly the fact that Melissa McCarthy just shows up out of nowhere is in itself kind of funny, certainly funnier than her performance in the film
The only reason I finished watching this movie is cos me and my bf were watching it together and he at least wanted to finish it. But he hated it as much as I did.
You need to make an honest review about Bullet Train. I've seen it. Best 2022 Movie...
Just saw it and immediately was like..meh
I'm curious, do you actually have any genuine opinions of your own, or does everything have to be a statement about how much you hate "woke"? I say this because... you hated Ragnorok dude. You talked so much shit on it, claimed it was terrible because Thor got "sidelined" for strong female character and got beaten by strong female antagonist.  You got so mad that Hella beat Thor in the beginning of the movie, because I guess a villian is never supposed to beat a hero in a fight, at least not if the hero is a man and the villian is a woman! But now, because people seemed to mostly like Ragnorok, here you are praising it, saying it was so much better and Love and Thunder is just woke garbage, which is what you said about Ragnorok. It's kinda like when you hated Gina Carano and constantly criticized her acting before it turned out she was racist, then all of a sudden you were her biggest fan. You dont have opinions, you have agendas
if it took itself more seriously and had less comedy it would have been better, like actually have mighty thor come from another universe...have gorr be aesthetically authentic...keep the guardians around thor to teach him to move forward with all the pain he carries in a more meaningful way...personally i could go on about the many things that could have been done better, still enjoyed the movie to a degree but its probably one of the worst marvel movies made. It's above captian marvel and MoM for sure though. I mean jeez, those are plain terrible imo.
And on top of it all Gorr is just a human not an alien. Can you imagine if they left the hulk look just like a normal human? How stupid would that be. Sorry but the comic Gorr is   menacing without doing a thing.
Was all in with you until you had to go insult McCarthy. All of your statements were backed up with solid arguments and even if someone disagrees, the opinion is legit. Saying, "When was Melissa McCarthy ever funny?" seemed like a cheap shot in the middle of a valid point regarding the unnecessary length of the scene. Yes, you did say the whole thing wasn't funny, but you picked out McCarthy in a way that made me go, "Unh? She's ruining this schlock?" (She's the face we see bookending this thing.)  Just my opinion 🪙🪙
9:42 I see what you did there 😂
I didnt mind that scene, though it could have been a little shorter.  I saw it as reinforcement of the fact that Asgard has been reduced to tourism rather than reiteration.  Its a whole higher level than the montage.    The previous scene says, "Asgard (the place) has embraced modern tourism to adapt."  while the play says "Even every one of the people you recognize that are still alive from before"
They made a hero movie into a Drama/comedy. People have Deadpool for that, and even he still kills people!
I personally really liked this movie.
Look I agree and all but WHY are you saying the last word in your sentences Loud as hell you seem actually mad over some Thor movie lol
You know, I just jacket got around to watching it no interest
Thanks for a cool video, never commented before but felt like you might appreciate the perspective: The statement of what a scene should accomplish is a bit limited when you take into account film styles that value scenes that do none of those things, like Italian neo realism, most post modernism, any comedy etc.  Ignoring this, even by your own rules you missed a lot of the effects of the scene you look at in L+T.; The scene comparison with the theatre troop performing in New Asgard , those are the same actors right? Well the director has in this scene showed us how Asgardians have been reestablishing themselves on earth in NA and that they are actually able to pursue similar lifestyles. That's worldbuilding...Also i'm dumb so i forgot how the hammer broke and appreciated the recap. lol  The statement that it could have instead been summarized by a line of dialogue is kinda sad, that's such an artless way to achieve something in a film.
Please Review THE GAME, with Michael Douglas ?  Thanks Drinker.
Hemsworth renegotiation is what ruined Marvel
As soon as an artist (writer) begins to alter his/her craft for the masses - the art is lost.
Fair enough,one of the few well thought out videos with valid points,didn’t realise critical drinker was able to do that since that one video
The title should read.. hmm hmmmmmmm    Why I (you) though thor sucked... people loved it... accurate portrayal of zeus....
Ragnorok was awesome! Love and blunder was sh** fest. Thats why spielberg and cameron choose films about 20yrs apart. (Approx)
Suggestion only, can you make another the drinker fixes but the fixed scenes are like comic strips so we can better visualize the story?
I felt like I was taken out of the movie when the goats appeared. And the fact that the humor in this movie was so bland that the goats seemed funny in comparison was.... something.
Mellisa macarthy makes Adam Sandler look like bill Murray
You should review Kung Fury, has soul, it's a ton of fun, does exactly what it set out to do, and is only as long as it needs to be.
Tika what's his face is crap as a comedian or script writter, he needs to stick to tv
Im patiently waiting for Kratos to systematically DESTORY the whole Marvel Universe, seriously.. ill wait a thousand years.
why is melissa mccarthy allowed to make money
Alot of over analysing here,
The more I think about the statement that Taika is an over active 8 year old the more every clip of him Ive ever seen makes sense, in a very scary way. The man is literally a walking child, yes creative but unable to channel it in any productive way. Like any child he makes one funny joke that makes his parents laugh then repeats it on blast until his parents grow annoyed. Its the baby shark effect. Even when people are trying to have a serious interview with the man he just makes a poop joke laughs at himself and never realizes that no one else is laughing. The first time I saw an interview with him I thought, seems like a fun guy to be be around. Now after a few tours for various movies I think feeding my 7 year old nephew a bag of sugar would give me the same experience in every way.
Drinker, you magnificent marvelous masterpiece of mayhem. Do a review of the 1960s-ish adaptation of Alistair Maclean's novel... The Guns of Navarrone starring Gregory Peck and David Niven. Idk if you've watched it but it's one of my favorites as a youngling from the 80s.
Spot-on breakdown! I couldn't agree more!
Why did you even watch the movie? I mean, okay I'm sorry, you wanted to try.
Bro. Please stop watching these movies for kids.
Yes that's disaster
Everything in this movie was cringe... just felt awkward, out-of-place, as if it wasn't actually happening in the MCU but unfortunately it is.
They better fucking not make a Thor 5. And if they do put it into production, we should start a petition to force them to scrap it. Kill that character off already. They've destroyed the essence of his comic counterpart enough already
Love and Thunder is an odd movie. Watching it, I could sense the delivery intonation of jokes, but I didn't hear anything funny to match it. Thor talks to his weapons as if they are sentient, and they respond somewhat even though it was never established before. The nonsensical behavior of Thor who refuses to summon his weapons when crucially necessary and just lets people beat him and throw him into a wall until he remembers he has weapons, was the last nail in the coffin.
Is it just me, or does the villain look like Voldemort.. 💀
It felt like a corny Disney TV movie.
idk if it's just me but i liked the movie.
looool im ded
thor ragnorak was my favourtie marvel movie of late, i mean, it doesnt compare to og iron man, that was baddass, although its a different type of movie. ragnorok takes itself less seriously. so i am surprised taika waititi failed with love and thunder, i have not watched it yet, but the critical drinker is rarely wrong. at least now i will go into it with low expectations, so i might actually enjoy it even if its mostely shit. hype is what kllls most experiences for me. if you know its bad, you have nothing to lose. if you expect it to be good and it is anything less than that. its a shit experience.
I thought of this movie as a set up for future movies, maybe we'll see rune thor In The future.
Hi Critical drinker, it's been some time since you've reviewed a good movie so would you be interested in one? I'm talking about Soldier from 1998, it's not that well known, but it's definitely a second best Kurt Russell movie ever made and it even made my eyes little watery for a moment.
yeah it was kind of bad but it still had it's funny moments
I didn’t even watch the movie it looked genuinely bad
You are one of the few men on this earth that can accurately break down a movie sequence or scene in a way that is unpolitical and instead logical.
Taika only got this job because he made black beard a homosexual. And Hollywood loved it.
Everything this guy said is wrong.
Haven't seen it, and just based off of the title, not going to.
Meh, I enjoyed it.
This is just more of what we keep seeing in entertainment.  Movies and games made by people who don't even understand their own products or why people like them.  You could easily be convinced that the people who make this garbage truly believe we all like these products purely for the titles.
I don’t think it did tho
Taika's humour has always been rubbish imo. This is the same dude that directed the US version of the inbetweeners.
"Like any good narcissist he sees himself as the flawless, tragically misunderstood, hero of his own story." - I am so taking this line! Can be applied to so many :D
Can you do 3:10 to yuma?
This was a made for tv movie that had Christian Bale acting his arse off for no reciprocation.
I think taika has gotten a little greedy and over ambitious, i feel as though korg was useless to the plot and served no purpose and hes only in the movie  because taika clearly loves the sound of his own voice.
"Buying into his own hype" perfectly describes Taika's downfall.
To be fair, Leslie Jones and Melissa McCarthy are funny when they’re not being held under water by the dastardly hands of incompetent writers, subpar scripts, and what I loosely classify as “plots.” In recent years neither actress has been really allowed to grow and soar which is a rather unfortunate waste of latent talent
Try to do a reaction to Rurouni Kenshin Japanese live action franchise. Those movies are masterpieces IMO. The way to make manga into movie.
I actually liked it a lot. It seems a Lotta people are enjoying the hating and being part of the popular kids group. But it's kinda getting old... Things are BRILLIANT or CRAZY BAD. this was one very good. Good effects. Very good bad guy. I think because everyone can be hear they think they should. So the hate continues but I just read ten comments it was like copy and paste comments. Eh
Thor  love and thunder was bad I never have seen soo bad movie
I agree with what he's saying here but if you start to think Taika sucks go back and watch Hunt for the Wilderpeople. it's easily his best movie and shows the man has some capability in him beyond making funnies
When that stage play scene started it actually derailed the story for me. I was like "Wait, why are they doing this again?" I almost thought maybe this wasn't in the last movie but I saw it in a preview of this movie and was just mistaken. It made no sense.
Taiki: "I know I just told you that joke yesterday, but why aren't you laughing at it this time???"
Hey! I'm a villain who has sworn his life to destroying all false gods after the one I worshipped spat in my face after letting my daughter die in my arms, but since you just told me I'm "lookin' for love in all the wrong places" I'll stop right now!
Sorry The Critical Drinker, Thor Ragnarök was a piss poor movie 2. Thor was portrayed as a bumbling buffoon and Hulk as a mentality retarded green giant. The real hulk (The Incredible Hulk)  starring Edward Norton.
Ok but why the hate for Taika Waititi? That came out of nowhere.
comment
I mean... It wasn't that bad. Definitely wasn't as good as I thought it would be but definitely not the worst marvel movie ever made. Id put it between Age of Ultron and Ironman 1
If you knew the 3 main purposes of a scene before Drinker listed them, you understand the assignment. if you dont, you're in luck, Disney/Amazon might hire you
after having seen the movie for myself and seeing the introduction to Thor Pademe Amadala Odinson slinging Mjolnir fragments through enemies like 50 BMGs through room temperature butter and then reassembling Mjolnir like its nothing  It started making me wonder why she didnt use it more like if you could do that and thats an ability you have shouldnt that be a Goto? And if it was also a goto, then wouldnt it even be advanced upon? Like machinegun juggling the fragments in a constant cone of fire and using the hilt to aim it? and having bits return to the hilt before being slung out again? This ability has so many avenue  and it just kills any importance mjolnir has as being DESTROYED as being PIECES as being GONE As being a HAMMER Its simplicity  Jane Foster Thor is OP out of the gate by having an ability that is a straight UPGRADE in EVERY respect to Thor's. It makes you wonder why the asgardian's didn't just use this kind of shit all the time, or why Odin didn't tell Thor in any point in his life that mjolnir is so loyal that it can manifest new abilities even after being SHATTERED. That the magic that blessed Mjolnir was THAT powerful. oh i know because if thor knew this he wouldve busted his hammer to shit ages ago or imediately killed hella and now I feel like Odin left Thor in the dark on purpose like he wanted thor to only beat hella AFTER most of asgard was slaughtered. And now I don't have a high opionion of Odin.  THANKS WRITERS.
Melissa McCarthy is fast becoming the new Shia LaBeouf - every movie she 'stars' in turns out to be a steaming pile of shite, and it's probably no coincidence.
The video is good but the goofy endings to put to every single sentence is cringe. Especially at 4:15, the way you said "brother" was terrible.
Studio Feureau <---- you folks really need to watch this channel, it's dumb as fuck. By locking up the comment section he's effectively doing "hit and run" videos... It's also funny how he wants people to subscribe while they cant react to his videos...
Do you plan to do a review of the new Hocus Pocus movie? I only ask cause I trust your opinion as far as what's woke and what isn't (and thus, what is worth watching)
new asgard sucks but it isnt this movies problem it was set up in avengers endgame
There was only one word that came to mind when trying to watch the movie, "hoaky." The forced humor was way too much. I was annoyed by it and found myself just pissed off at how bad the jokes and overall script was. I also didn't like when the gods were talking about where the next orgy was going to be. This is a marvel story, not The Boys.
Melissa was very funny as Trump"s press secretary on SNL.
i feel like by the time deadpool 3 arrives it wont be funny. not every mcu character has to be a stand up comic
This movie was terrible
I loved it, art is subjective.  It's your opinion that it sucks.
This dude puts so much emphasis when he’s ended a word it’s insane. Ik it’s an overreaction but I feel like he’s just humming the last letters out for two seconds every sentence
I'm SO glad to know others acknowledge the massive ego on Waititi. Whenever I call it out people always act like I'm crazy.
Love and Thunder was SO campy that it was nearly unwatchable.  It was so poorly scripted and directed that I have seen better tik toc adaptions.  Seriously, Taika was just in it for the money and nothing to move the MCU forward in a cohesive manner.  This along with terrible CEO management of Disney will drive this franchise into the gutter faster than Biden or Harris giving a motivational speech.
I will never understand how someone at this level can make a main plot point be "why is Mjolnir ignoring me and helping Jane?" then include a scene halfway through the movie where it shows THE MAIN CHARACTER THAT WAS WONDERING THIS telling Mjolnir "you need to protect her, no matter what." So either Thor as Alzheimer's or the director does....
My favourite movie
Lol
not only Thor, it's like the hall marvel universe is failing apart after Stan lee's death, RIP
I gave up on marvel years ago!
I enjoy and love this movie and I would die for it
After hearing there was originally a 4 hour cut and watching and hearing of some deleted scenes (more Sif, Zeus willingly giving his thunder bolt to Thor before the final battle with Gorr, etc), it feel like there should have been a whole other version of this film.  And that’s a shame.  It COULD have been Ragnarok-level but yeah, Taika got too full of himself and couldn’t reel it back.  You can feel the disappointment in Drinker’s voice during his sign-off at the end of the video, like he KNEW this movie should have been better.
The scene comparison you made is more of a callback to ragnorak. Sure in ragnorak the scene moves the plot forward, in loventhunder it’s more of setting for how Asgard have become a tourist destination and have to entertain people for money/ make ends meet. Both scenes work in their own way. Personally I thought the film was okay , not great, not bad but somewhere in the middle. Having said that, I think the film should of had a bit more grit in there especially since Thor, essentially is a broken hero mentally.
Korg directed Ragnarok, Antwan, Love and Thunder.
its easy to complain or critic movies. But explaining and justifying why is a talent no one does better than the Drinker.
Drinker, I'd love to see you review Hocus Pocus 2. They did the main characters dirty.
thought there were definitely some good things about this movie the dumb humor though killed much of the mood It was also not AS laden with identity politics there was no real man hating in the movie and they actually showed a relationship where each actually cared about the other it was not a GOOD movie but there have been far far worse  Birds of Prey and Captain Marvel were unwatchable id actually see this again though if I happened across it
Everything woke turns to shit.
When will people state the obvious? Yes we can look any way we want yet is any viriation healthy & a good image? I am wondering about the toxic message we are sending to our kids with being overweight. It is not healthy, the body performs less efficiently, you die earlier, you get sick quicker, your organs fail faster & often our weight reflect our diet.. carb/fat intake v's lack of output. Slimmer people are more sexually attractive to most people, are fitter, stronger, faster & of course generally healthier. facts are facts. Like a woman identifying as a man does not mean that men can get pregnant!! that is a silly fantasy made up by people with actual mental illness.
I was excited to see the God-Butcher come to life on screen. On that, I was not disappointed. Shame everything else sucked.
Oh my good lord, I have to put in an OLD MANS perspective to you.  As for the director who shall remain nameless he doesn't deserve his name to be mentioned, he should be treated in the way the ancient Egyptians treated their anti hero's, have them wiped from history, tear down the statues and chisel out the names.  I grew up with comics Superman Thor Silver Surfer Spiderman etc etc, now Thor he was in the original comics, in the days when people knew how to write a story portrayed as a bit of a Larikin (thats Aussie speak for a boisterous, often badly behaved young man).  He was however never treated or written as an idiot, a little too trusting? Sometimes misguided? Hey he's a God type creature with no real rules to follow.  The modern (younger peoples) Thor in my humble opinion is just an idiot, nothing clever about him, a great comic book hero that has been reduced to nothing more than a Kings Jester fighting over the scraps of meat tossed over the shoulders of the privileged.   Having said that, the amount of money he gets for looking like a fool well toss some my way.  To me the obvious Hero is the Villain!!!! Hey the child dies, the Gods laugh and who wouldn't want to tear their hearts out. At least the Villain wasn't made to look like a clown. Every one else should have taken a holiday or are they that desperate and need the money.  Why oh why are the fools allowed to play with my childhood hero's?  Continuity Plot Consistency Emotional Tone you say, well I hate to inform you but you are the wrong generation for that, you need a time machine to travel back to the past for a lot of that.  You know what I'm talking about, you went to school and you had to learn your 3 R's Reading Righting and Rithmetic. Standing up for older people and women in the bus, being courteous and nice.  When going to the movies was a night out to be entertained where you could say to a friend hey I saw a great movie the other night. Not come home and be angry to the point where you really don't want to talk about it and check your wallet for the missing dollars which have gone to idiot directors and cheaply bought actors.  I think I will go watch the last 5 minutes of the Movie The Mist that always puts me in a cheerful mood.  Now be off with you too.  Thank you for the videos.
He's definitely tired of this cesspool. You could hear him waning for something good.
Honestly the director is decent at best. Obviously terrible when he lets his ego control him.
I have never watched this. Holy mother of god the fight scenes look terrible 😂
"Hey, ninny-nonnie!"🗿
very funny video i like how your voice gets loud and angry for the end of each sentence
The play scene would have been funnier is the actual hellina actor played hellina in the fake play too, and in perfect acting.
I would love to see your take on the Woman King….. based on a true story don’t you. Know
The Drinker I’ve seen some of your videos and I’m thinking that you would do even more interesting things reviewing also animes and tv series other than only reviewing films, would you care to try?
Failed because of wokeness, just like all of Disney's talentless movies of late
Don’t give a f**k what you think.🤪🤪🤪
What the Cult is goin on...
The movie was so stupid that it was funny
One time its funny, two times its fucking annoying, no? -Vaas from Far Cry 3
This movie was like one long SNL sketch with no punchline
i was more disturbed by the child soldiers bit. although supposedly funny to see a teddy overpowered. They seem overly ok with sending kids to fight... because they weakened the main character so much.  the theatre scene should have been a serious play as that would have contrast that of loki
100% proven fact   ....  Woke mindset , destroys everything it touches, Mcu, ring's of power, society, collages, schooling, politics, and your brain .
While I totally agree with everything bad that has been said about this movie, IMHO every Thor movie sucked. It's like they either did not even try like with first and second one, or tried too hard and turned it into circus like with the third.
And no Melissa McCarthy was never funny. She's about as useless as Jodie Whittaker.
I just hate how Disney have taken a character like Thor, with all the crap he's  had to go through, and basically turned him and his storyline into a hammy joke where he's the punchline and the sucker over and over again. Makes me sad. Thor Ragnarock and L&T could have been sooo much better if they had been taken more seriously, y'know, the way nearly every other MCU character has been.
the only cool thing about this movie was the hammer going in to shards and back again
Any movie that has Melissa McCarthy in it is gonna suck immediately.
Good video, but I think that the three scene categories are a little limited. I think thematic development would count as well, even if none of the other 3 elements are present.
I liked it yet again I don't pick apart movies so idk shit about movies
Because it's a tired genere (super hero movies) and it's filled with ideological shit no one asked for or wanted.
If I'm interested in Norse mythology I'll play Assassins Creed Valhalla or just in general better than Thor 4, God of War!
I don't actually care about any of this, not sure why I watched as much of this video as I did but if anything good can come of it I did notice that the same actors are playing the stage actors in both realms. Reminds me of the thespian troupe from "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead"....
Me and my dad could have gone see Top Gun Maveric instead of this.  I wish we had.
When are you going to review the woman king?can’t wait 😂
Please review the dahmer series on Netflix, I know it would be a big change of pace for you, but I’m keen to hear your opinion on what I found to be a very uncomfortable, but very well-executed series.
this movie felt so incomplete it felt like a cup of ragnarok and 2 gallons of water
honestly i hated it from the beginning but the play scene with melissa fucking mccarthy was the last straw i swear it took me multiple days to finish the movie i had to keep turning it off bc of how cringy and and unfunny it was. the only reason i even made my self watch it was to be up to date
It sucked because they took a very serious story that had absolutely NO funny parts in it and turned it into a comedy end of discussion.
Many people underestimate how important it is for editors to keep writers and directors in check.  This is their job.  This is what they do.  And when you have poor ones, or directors and writers that think they know how to get it, you get the exact problems that The Critical Drinker is talking about.  It almost even happened with Star Wars - imagine if the original cut that Lucas had in mind came out in the theaters.  Luckily, that never happened, and here is the story of how that never happened - "How Star Wars Was Saved in the Edit" https://youtu.be/GFMyMxMYDNk
...but Christian Bale actually turned out a pretty fine performance here (which might be the only bright spot).  Well there's another -  Jane's dying at least sets her apart from that Mary Sue Rey Palpatine.
It's a gay movie. They made it gay just to Nak woman feel better about themselves
You should review HBO’s Tokyo Vice. I think it will impress the infamous drinker.
Hocus Pocus 2
how about the first charlie angels?
Someday I wish people will enjoy the good marvel movies that have come out instead of criticizing EVERYTHING that isn't expected of marvel but maybe I'm not seeing the whole picture but I'm just sharing my opinion.
To be fair, Melissa McCarthy was pretty funny in The Heat,
Go CD!
I agree. This film was terrible. Laughed a couple of times, and that was it. Sad decline of a great character.  The villain was cool though...very cool look and effects for that part anyway.
Marvel Studios Thor: Love and Thunder is a very fun watch just so long as you don't take it too seriously.  If you took out all the comical parts then the movie would be about half as long.  The film is a comedy and it is pretty clear that Chris Hemsworth loves hamming it up in a big way.  His character Thor was always a bit comical, which offends some people because they look at Thor as a classical hero.  However, the other half of the movie makes for a pretty good Marvel adventure, and the combination of comedy and adventure is great just so long as you are not put off by that kind of thing.  Christian Bale deserves much credit for his portrayal of the villain Gorr, who is on a personal mission to destroy the "gods".  You need a good villain to make a good superhero movie.  Although Gorr is not as deep of a character as Thanos, and at times might seem a bit superficial, Christian Bale pours his heart into the role.  He gets the job done.
*Melissa McCarthy appears on screen* *Queue the “Oh God, oh man” clip*
Obviously Thor L&T is basically made just for entertainment purposes only
She hulk and Thor L&T are fucking jokes
This movie would've been great had it been seriously shot. The cheap humor felt out of place like laughing in a funeral and element of surprise was gone. Not to mention Zeus being made a joke with a Russian accent and cheap jokes making Thor naked. Imagine if the flicky flick made Jane Foster nude and guys salivating over her pussy and then sighing when it is covered up. I mean people would scream rape
I just realized that the tour guide was darryl Jacobson
You sir get a thumbs up and comment for two reasons, i liked your shit, and u didnt ask :)
https://youtu.be/2RET3uwGFpI
Will you please talk about how bad Hocus Pocus 2 is?
If yu wanna ruin a franchise this is how yu do it
Why do we keep expecting comic book movies to be entertaining?  They stopped being entertaining years ago.  Now these movies are used to promote propaganda and it just keeps getting worse.  Only thing left to do is boycott all WOKE movies!
I did enjoy the scene where Thor empowered the children with his powers "for a limited time". As adults it 's easy to over analyze things and forget to just kick back and try enjoy yourself.That scene reminds viewers what it's like to be Kid dreaming of becoming a Super-hero.
I wish YouTubers like you would quite hating on so many new movies if you don’t like it you don’t need to upload a video about your hate
Melissa McCarthy...hmmmmm....she was funny in Spy...MOST of Spy. Also in some sketches of Saturday Night Live. NOT as funny as Jason Statham nor Rose Byrne (not even close, as Rose was brilliant). Ego, that's the killer of us all frankly.
One of my takeaways from this is that Thor doesn't work as well without Loki.
I was watching Avengers the other day and realized that I have the body of a God it was End game it still counts
BOOOOOO!
Ragnarok - 65% serious, 35% joke Love and Thunder - 20% serious, 80% joke
The thor director of this movie and the previous movie is an overhyped joke... He wants to be seen as multi talented but he's encouraged by mindless viewers of this shit he does...
A trash movie
Ok so this movie didn’t suck. Was it good? NO but it was proably the most mid marvel movie I’ve ever seen
Honestly, while I can begrudgingly allow the laugh--per-minute comedy, the most disappointing aspect of this film was that the best actor in the roster - Christian Bale - was grossly overlooked.  I mean, he played Gorr the God Butcher.  Yet, we don't really see him slaying any gods except in the very beginning and that god isn't even part of the MCU.  I was more interested in the "black god/being" that he slew before the opulent, fat bastard.  Bale obviously put his heart into the role, which he always does, but we didn't get treated to enough of it.  The screaming goats were more of a feature.  Disappointing and a travesty of a MCU film.
There is no filmmaker I hate more than Taika Waititi. He and his movies are the definition of the word "Cringe".
The CGI was actually very gorgious in this movie IMO, they put in a lot of effort into a lot of the (nonjoke) things and it just sucks this is what they had to work on
So I guess you're moving away from being a "drinker" and more to a commentator huh?
And my parents genuinely liked this and Multiverse of madness :/
This movie does suck I can't believe that door went from an angry loner to a guy who wants to find love and not to mention it's a female version of himself
The Sandman Netflix series should drop in.
All people complaining about how Taika messed up the writing in this movie, but no one seems to realize this was co-written with him an another screenwriter (which didn't happen in Thor: Ragnarok). So, maybe that's the reason why it is so different from his previous movies.
I feel like thor love and thunder felt like the other thor moves, yet your standards are so high yall refuse to say anything is good
John 3:16 Test Him
So where are the CD mugs, tumblers and pint glasses?
Yeah, I don't even credit Taika with understanding that he made the Asgardians look small by making it a tourist destination. As a Swede I don't have any issue with the liberties Marvel takes with Norse mythology in general - it's not important because Gods don't real. I don't have a problem with making fun of the Greek Gods either. I do have a problem with unfunny jokes and bad writing, so in this movie I don't like it very much.
Tiaka is the embodiment of Disney's remakes. Rehashed scene thinking it will give a good laugh and a quick dopamine fix but not knowing why the original scene worked is spot on to this.
Hey there Drinker - love your astute and witty commentaries, thank you! With Halloween a month away, if you've not already decided on a suitable film to review, may I humbly submit for consideration Jacques Tourneur's 1957 masterpiece 'Night of the Demon' (a.k.a. Curse of the Demon across the pond). Not a single wasted line or scene in the entire movie, brilliantly cast, acted, lit, scored and directed. Hell, even the SFX aren't bad for the time. In the unlikely event you've never watched it, do yourself a favour whether you review it or not. Cheers!
This movie was good IDK what you internet critics are thinking. Actually i do know what you are thinking it's because you want popularity over your opinion because your opinion was critical. The movie was pretty good better than most movies released recently.
You have no sense of humor. I think it was a breath of fresh air.. having more funny moments than the regular typical superhero movie. As a single father who has a daughter I totally get the villain’s motivations and I love how Thor decided to adopt the young girl as his own and save lives together with her. My daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed it until the post credits scenes. Not one dull moment throughout the film. Not to mention the rockin’ soundtrack!  Take the movie for what it is! Stop whining about how you would rather want it to be!
sounds a bit like George Lucas, Obviously very creative and skilled but maybe needs someone to look at it with a critical eye
The play in Love & Thunder foreshadows that fallen gods that move on to their afterlife or Valhalla is denoted by showing they fade away into golden dust. This then does serve as a payoff for Jane Thor's demise as she continuing on.
Seems like a stupid reason but the biggest thing that put me off this film is the title.  Everytime I hear 'Love & Thunder' it just really irritates me so much.
I was wondering why it sucked so bad That explains it all   from the idiot who brought you the catchphrase of "catchphrase" in freeguy
The worst scene imo is the Sith Valhalla one. Thor explains how Asgardians need to die in battle to reach Valhalla and yet 'somehow' Jane reached Valhalla even though she dies due to cancer and not even in battle and is not a Asgardian
These movies suck. Maybe they would be entertaining to a 7 year old or something.
Studio feureau bad mouth you for this video and yet his comments was turn off.
pretty sure  this movie was the adapter for the future thats all
I kind of enjoyed TL&T, but your points are relatively well made, nonetheless.
(See JJ Abrams)
Taika seems to believe that he can catch lightning in a bottle twice.  Nope.  Ragnarok kinda worked with some goofy moments, but there was still a story and a plot.  The follow up lacked both.
What a load of shit.  Good honest movie, as good as any of the others....
I couldn’t agree more. Just one last thing you lift out. Is how woke/leftist they have want as well. It was just to much. Even pressing the guy couples my kids where left so confused on why. Asking how will they have baby’s. It was a tough conversation to have with them Going down a deep rabbit 🐇 🕳 that they are not equipped to handle yet.  It was just a weird movie all together
The thumbnail looks like Kelly Clarkson as Helena. LOL if you can't tell, No I haven't watched Love and Thunder
the movie sucked
The only good thing about this movie was Christian Bale
Thor is definitely my favorite MCU character, but "love and thunder ⚡" just didn't do it for me. I was hoping that it was going to go super dark, and with the super-villian Gorr the God Butcher they had the chance to do really amazing but missed it totally.
Its told in korgs Perspective
Reminds me of Ridley Scott and Prometheus.  Dude seriously needed someone to keep him in check and champion... Well everything: continuity, reasonable characters, with forward  development, reasons to give a crap, plot development with good payoff...
this movie was awesome and everybody in the theater that I went to loved it I don't know what the heck you're talking about
idk i think the film was kinda funny, but because you are a fellow scot i shall agree with u
It sucked because it was a 90 minute gay joke.
I wonder if Taika Wahiti was just intentionally making it a piece of garbage….sorry just wishful thinking. It was garbage because he thinks he can make a child dying of starvation funny. Sorry taika you’re not THAT funny.
Disgusting piece of cinematic masturbaition.
Taika is a fucking clown who has a maximum of 3 brain cells in his temple
Ragnarok sucked.  Video game cinema
Taika is like Green Day.  The same trick gets boring pretty fast
Taika seems to have a few strong suits, like creating some really impressive visual moments. But he isn't nearly restrained enough at the same time, wanting to cram slapstick or dated comedy into stories that don't call for it. It undermines the characters to the point that it's hard to take them seriously.
Knowing what I was getting into I felt like this movie could still be enjoyed. Half way through I had zero interest in watching what felt like an episode of American Dad with its nonsensical comedy instead of actual plot. I actually just turned it off in favour of watching youtube videos since they have more structure and provide me with less of a wasted time feeling. This movie was more random than Youtube.
if my kids weren't with me and enjoying it.. i would have walked out of love and thunder. it was terrible
I actually didn't mind this movie..
This film felt like it didn’t have any real story arc
Also Taika is about to ruin star wars even more
Iagree, lack of focus: LvnTh doesn't understand what it wants. Does it want drama or comedy. Joy or sympathy. Whole plot wasn't fun at all, nor adventure. It was about characters trying to understand themselves and accept inevitable. And at the same time it feels like director tries to make fun over drama
Ya'll screwed in the brain. This was the best damn movie I've seen in a long time. We loved it.
The drunk voice has slowly faded away.
Hyper active twelve year old, add in the biggest ego ever and that's exactly what Taika Waititi is!
I see some parallels with this and euphoria season 2. Like how there was a clear cut idea on what the first production (Ragnarok & euphoria s1) should be like -> great writing, good direction, character study, makeup & costume, incredible music & visuals. Then the sequels are a single person idea that looked good in their heads. A production should always be a collective collaboration, and by that i enjoyed this masterclass Drinker!
I enjoyed it.
My favorite Jack Daniels drinking movie critic. Lmfao.
Dunno, I think it's a pretty good movie.
"And a script that sounds like it was written by a hyperactive 12-yr-old." I didn't make it even halfway through this movie. I told my best friend that it was terrible, and seemed like it was written by a 12-yr-old!  🤣  Great minds think alike! And so do we!  😉 I didn't really like Ragnarok, either.
I couldn't agree more. So glad I didn't waste my money watching it in the theater.
I consider most of marvel movies is written by 12 y/o team, so no surprises.
why do u talk like... THaT
Taika is the Dan Aykroyd of this generation
I mean... If you really squint your eyes and look at it sideways: the theater scene establishes that there is a low effort theater group in the new asgard who want to retell stories using s small budget (worldbuilding). Then after the attack on asgard we learn that Valkyrie does not really care about them or agree with them but still does not outright deny them when they ask to make a play of the attack. So character developement for Valkyrie? She does not agree but the play is part of the new tourist attraction asgard so she lets it go.
I like the movie
They've officially ruined the character Thor he is now a complete and total dumbass and a bitch marvel has officially lost it. Spitting all over Norse mythology
One of the biggest problems with L&T was that it basically rehashed all the same stuff we’ve seen before in slightly different ways.  - The Immigrant song used twice in Ragnarok was used 4 times here - Gorr is basically a watered down Thanos using some magic macguffin to achieve his goal of mass murder in an instant - The Zeus post credits scene is basically identical to the Guardians 2 post credits scene - The theatre piece being rehashed for jokes - Korg fake dies like Loki (but isn’t nearly as emotionally charged) - Korg is just being Korg. He was fine as a side character with a few minutes of screen time total, but he quickly gets annoying as a main character  - Thor becoming a dad like Tony  - Thor needing to “figure out who he is” for like the third time now - Getting the thunderbolt because it’s a powerful weapon that can help stop Gorr like when Thor went to make Stormbreaker in IW   Also, all the characters felt like parodies of themselves. Pretty much the entire movie felt like if the Team Thor shorts were turned into a theatrical movie. Nothing but jokes, turning Thor into an idiot, etc.  Also, Taika really seems to hate Sif and the Warriors Three. He killed off the three instantly with no regard for Thor’s emotional response, he brought Sif back in a comic accurate costume just to cut off her arm and write her out of the movie, and I feel like it was all just to make room for Valkyrie and Korg (which is just an excuse for him to talk more and more in these movies). I’m pretty sure the only reason Sif wasn’t killed in Ragnarok was because of scheduling conflicts with the actor.  And so much of the dialogue was basically just exposition and describing the plot like they’re reading script notes or something. It’s that one line Korg had in Ragnarok where he analyzed the loss of Mjolnir and applied to basically everyone.    To me, Thor’s arc should have ended with him becoming king. It’s what his entire journey was leading up to, so to basically have that thrown away in favour of more wacky adventures feels like a character assassination.
i liked this film. everyone also forgets that this is a story being told to children. thats how the story begins and thats how it ends.
After watching this scene comparison I'm so glad I skipped seeing love and thunder.
All these bad movies are just setting dead pool up for some great 4th wall breaks and jokes
PLEASE TALK ABIUT FINAL SPACE!!!!!!!! Warner want to drop IT FOREVER!!!!!!!! PLEASE TRY TO SAVE IT WITH ONE VIDEO!!!!!! THESE SEREIES IS FUNNY, COOL AND HAS HEART!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE SAVE IT I HAD ENOUGH OF PORN
Tbf it was told in the eyes of Korg, but I wish it wasn’t
Yes.
The fact that she hulk is worse than love and thunder shows the state of the mcu 😂
Yep, it really did suck. Cheesy, childish humor seemed to be the goal. The movie turned Thor into a complete buffoon (even more than Ragnarok which started the trend). Is the general IQ of the public so low that this is really what they want?  The God Butcher was an amazing story in the comics, a real high point for Marvel. The movie tosses most of the comics plot onto the trash heap. I blame Waititi. He may be the worst thing that could have ever happened to the MCU. Maybe they could have gotten away with substituting Jane for young Thor but leaving out old King Thor in favor of Korg and Valkyrie was a huge mistake. I truly hope Waititi is never involved with any MCU project again.
Disney's move into more political content, has left them with less capacity to be charming and endearing to an audience (compare Guardians vs. Eternals for example)  Waititi's "approach to humor" is their closest off-brand knock off to genuine charm.
They should have told Walter Simonson's Thor
Also I just want a bad guy who I dunno... believes in what they are doing, if you are committed enough to kill that many gods and all it took was seeing two people want to be together to remind him "oh yeah I just miss my daughter silly me rampaging round murdering like that now I get 0 repercussions and what I want, while giving one of the strongest being control of his daughters body cos that aint her anymore lol! Please just have a bad guy well written THAT IS COMMEDITED TO THERE IDEALS! PLEASE WE DONT ALWAYS NEED TO RELATE TO THE BAD GUYS SOMETIMES THEY JUST BE CRAZY! Not to say anti villains aren't interesting thanos I liked he was mad and realised what he done after and was like "this aint worth it" but least he stuck to his convictions and got exactly what he wanted which ruined him, you can't just give the bad guy a happy ending after ruining all those other peoples lives.... Also where is dr strange during all this isn't the necrosword part of the dark dimension? And isn't stuff like eternity part of the job to defend as the sorcerer supreme... he would have been a great person to ask instead of idk.... random gods we have never been introduced to before.
Please could you review the woman king? I feel it needs the drinker treatment!
Imagine thinking Mellisa McCarthy isnt funny... Guess ill just never watch this channel again. Not that I ever did.
It wasn't as good as the last one. Just added famous people. Should have been better.
take a look at kubera friend. \o/
Love and Thunder was a kid's movie.  It story narrated by an older kid to hope younger kids desperate situation.
So what you're saying is Mr. Waititi has become Antwan from Free Guy? Does that make Ryan Reynolds prophetic?
Am I the only one who thought that half the movie lines delivery felt like they were reading of a prompt and on a hurry to be somewhere else? First I though that maybe this is how Korg remembers the events and he is the one doing "the dialog", idk
Hmm, interesting, personally love and thunder is best thor movie so far or atleast slightly above ragnarok.  This scene in particular was amazing edition and served very well in the context, really hope it will be added in the upcoming movie as well
I haven't watched a marvel movie in years, and I seem to be just getting more and more justified in that decision.
thor as a saga is like the Harry potter jellies. You can either get a nice sweet candy or one that tastes like literal vomit.
I for one am all for Drinker Reminiscing about the best of the Infinity saga.
becoming a decent writer. I hope that you continue to share with us what makes the audience ready to move on to the next scene.
And they wanted him for a Star Wars film ...
I liked Love & Thunder. Second best Thor movie easily. Portman was excellent.
Personally, I loved Thor Love and Thunder. Sometimes I feel like people forget that movies and TV shows are meant to be enjoyed and you don’t need an in-depth analysis, just enjoy it and don’t try and ruin it for yourself
The movie was amazing. Stop hating
All these companies hired people that have no talent and only was hired because they met the the requirement of not being a straight/white, male. Any criticism is met with you're a insert-phobe, or a racist or misogynist. These people are the equivalent to those being told they can't sing by Simon Cowell and afterwards claim he don't know what he talking about.
Tiki Bar is good at some stuff.  What We Do in the Shadows. Awesome.  The TV series. Awesome.   Wellington Paranormal. Awesome!  But a blockbuster marvel movie?  Nah.   What We Do in the Shadows, most people probably haven't even heard of! 🤣
Hmmm … the play in Love & Thunder doesn’t even make sense. Why would Thor tell anybody about the exact details of the moment his father died? Who wrote that play that could have any knowledge of that moment and would like to wrote it? In Ragnarok it makes sense as Loki is obviously the author of the play. But Loki is dead here, so definitely not the author.
Thor is now the Transformer films of the MCU.
It was god awful. The jokes didnt hit at all and it was just a hot mess.  The scene where the god butcher attacks new asgard has the worst background fighting ive ever seen people literally fighting thin air but then again maybe they didnt give the VFX guys any time
About McCarthy, I think she’s done some pretty funny work. I liked her in Spy, and a Hooke other films. Here, the whole scene benefited no one.
So in summary the director wrote the scenes and didn't get a good writing team or didn't let them do much
I saw how boring and lackluster the final fight was and skipped it, I had liked the last one
Thank you Critical Thinker. This is exactly the reason whu Inglorious Bastards is so massively overrated. Just take out the soldiers that call themselves the inglorious bastards and you would have a great movie, 45 minutes shorter, but without loss of any relevant story-related events. They add nothing, except for the movie title name.
Regardless of the diminishing quality of phase 4 , i actually quite enjoyed the entirety of this phase so far ❤️ (until Black Panther: Wakanda Forever comes out anyway)   I agree tho that this fourth entry wasn't as strong or as funny as Ragnarok , but 'Love and Thunder' is fun nonetheless 🥰❤️
What we do in the shadows was good writing. This film was not and was pathetic.
Watched Love & Thunder and wife said "there's something missing from this movie... Loki."  Testament to what value Hiddleston added... it was like he was a comedic anchor that plot development could pivot around without having to be too contrived.  Agree with others that Taika has been given too much executive power.  Korg's comedy snippets were overextended and seemed like they only existed to make him into a major character for the big "homo-Korg" happy ending reveal at the end...
I think the movie would have been a lot more interesting if when korg died the comedy just completely ended.   The comedy relief character literally dying would have been the perfect way to change the tone and bring the more serious tone of cancer and gohr more focus.
Love and Thunder was pure trash and this vid is explained quite well why it was such a dogshit film! I absolutely loved Ragnarok! It was my favourite Thor film so far! So when Love and Thunder came out I was looking forward to watching it but after watching it I felt it was a complete waste of time!
I've sworn off of modern movie and TV reviews until Hollywood stops being woke, but since it's you, Drinker, I made an exception.
yep you were bored after 30 seconds of the scene. That's the point. the other parts of showing what asgard has been reduced to are ok to watch but it's just explaining. Here you feel how low thor must feel watching what his once mighty people have been reduced to. It's forced embarrassement if you will. And in that it's effective because yes, it's embarassing to watch.
Thor Ragnarok also sucked. It was actively worse than the comic book movies made in the 60s. It had the exact same tone problems that Star Wars episode 3's first act had. But those tone problems were in every single scene for the entire run length. Thor Ragnarok was so offensively bad I haven't seen another MCU movie since.
Mark Allen Mothersbaugh? Great music. One of the best scores ever made
There were enough clips from L&T that I dont have to spend money to see this shit. 😂😂 Thanks Drinker.
This is a really informative comparison! And it can benefit all aspects of story telling. Great video <3
this movie had natalie portman. so theres that. . .
man's gotta do dont worry darling
This was a weird scene to hang your hat on bc I do think the movie had problems but this play scene wasn’t one of them. they went on in the same film to Pepper in more identity for Matt Damon’s actor character and I felt like the play just was a subtle nod to how maybe ‘doing too much’ the actor side character Damon was playing is. I’ve never heard of anyone having such a huge problem with taiko like anywhere tbh  like you clearly hate this guy all the way down to his accent. Dude he’s not hurting over Thor love and thunder even if you make ten more videos about how much you hate it lol he’s released other films and projects and has so many more on the way that I would have expected such a genius like yourself to have done a simple google search before recording such a long opinion video
You are a hater
Bro!!!!! Yeah the movie probably wasn't the best Thor movie but it was still better than the second oneNE. And I can't stand the way you emphasize the last word of every senteNCE. Like seriously bro calm the fuck doWN.
You forgot the beginning brotha…….
First half of the movie was pathetic. Forced jokes and boring plot, BUT second half (after they left Zeus house, starting from the moment when Thor had heart-to-heart talk with Jane on that flying boat) was awesome. Like this second part was done by somebody else.
Gaurdians 2 did all three
the goats hard carried this movie. let's be honest.
for a man with a one piece shirt he doesn't seem very invested in plot and continuity after all.
9:05 he acts like the bad guy from free guy
Thanks Drinker
Do you know Limmy?
But how bloody funny was he in What We Do in the Shadows! Such a shame.
It is crazy how bad Thor has turned considering how epic that first one was. A couple great jokes in a serious movie was perfect. These goofy films with a couple bad attempts at drama stink.
Melissa McCarthy made me laugh hard in Happytime Murders
This movie was great.  U have no taste.
When Thor fought Surtur he said that Odin isn't even on Asguard.
You can tell it's just so obviously Disney.
6:11 they think having a meaningless callback can make up for shitting writing.
I was surprised at the amount of overacting in the first half. It could be blamed on the idea that the story was being played as if it's being told by the rock guy to the kids but not that long. There was no excuse for the  laziness. I blame the director.
Taika Waititi and George Lucas both need people who can say NO to them!
why would taika wayiktitki care about respecting norde mythology? he is a Jewish man who seems to hate the subject matter,  the comics and the mythology
Perfectly summed up
I still cannot work out how McCarthy keeps getting work?  She must know where the bodies are buried..
Comment
Using a fat and nasty to portray a hottie godess. Is so Fking woke. Fat is NOT sexy. And never will be.
Melissa McCarthy is not funny.   The industry has bunbarded the world with her "talent".  LikecAmy Schumer,  Mel's never has me laughing...at all.
Too much thinking not enough drinking but a good critical critiques.
Thor love and thunder: the spiritual successor to wonderwoman 1984!
I'm excited for Taika's unnamed Star Wars film. He has said already that it will not be tied in any way, shape, or form to any characters that we already know.   I hope Lucasfilm will let him have utter creative freedom with it, and he'll probably tell a story about the misadventures of some cargo hauler crew or something. And I have a feeling it will work because it isn't trying to fit into an overarching, decades-old narrative.
I give this film a 0/10 simply because Melissa McCartney was in it.
Taika even trash talking about the movie's own vfx production team in a reaction youtube video. like there is no respect to his team or whatsoever.
In other words Thor: Bluff and Blunder (Xanadon't)
This is something I first noticed with Adam Sandler, talented comedians often need a leash. They need someone to pull them back and wind it down to focus, trim the fat, reduce down the sauce, sauté, sweat, and put it together. They are a fantastic ingredient, there needs to be a cook. Thor love and thunder is that, a fantastic set of ingredients thrown into a bot and left to boil.    You have articulated the difference very well between doing something for comedy and using comedy to do something.
6:40 it also shows how far Asgard has fallen, being little more than a small-town tourist trap.
Huh. That was Matt Damon, eh? Interesting.
If even the actors be complaining about the movie, then it’s not gonna end up the best that’s for sure. Star Wars sequels taught me that.
the amount of thought and attention to detail you put into this critique is more than I could do in a lifetime
Sucks? Nah. Shallow, hollow, empty? Totally.   Some movies are worth musing over, and some are simply amusing. There is no musing to be found in this amusing movie.
I think the video is technically truthful. In term of Story Telling, the last film was better in the series. But I think the last film did better for a number of reasons. 7:37 Loki complains Asgard being drunk on comfort and peace in one of the movies or his own TV show. Asgardian selling their drama for midgard dollars make sense. The drama scene in the forth film is not witty unlike a similar scene in the last film. But it is funny, just not as funny. I think the main reason it sucks is because men and women want to see Top Gun and Tom Cruise the Forever Youth. That leave the family segment and marvel fans of the audience to choose between other films or Thor 4 at the time. Teenager don't go to the movie with their parents, and parents with pre-teen kids may see Thor 4 at the time of its release. All in all Thor 3 is a better film than 4. It was before end game, and riding the hype. Thor 3's trailer has Hulk. Stan Lee was still alive and he cut Thor's hair. OMG that was funny beyond the scope of cinematic experience. Jeff Goldblum is in it, the hammer was shattered. Anthony Hopkin ascends like Jesus. The cast of the last film alone, has more value for each dollar paid to the ticket, and there was no direct competition.  For Marvel's fans Christian Bale is Batman. Natalie Portman dumped Marvel and Thor. Those breaks the illusion of storytelling at an unconscious level.  The final showdown in Thor 4 between Thor and the God Slayer is not as entertaining as its counterpart in Guardians of The Galaxy. And compare it to ending it endgame, it feels kinda unearned. Sorry Natalie Portman, her character's dying words about little girl will be adopted is lacking in acting, thus neither moving nor believable.  I think her hammer putting magic doll-up on her and lack of closeup have something to do with the lacking. One more thing that is really significant that Thor is an unmarried man raising a little girl of god-like power on her own. Now that pisses off single mothers in the entire develop world. That is just bad for business on the words of mouths mechanism. There; it was the timing of release, the timing of post-End Game, so-so words of mouths after its first week of release, casting choice that doesn't top the last film which is really not bad, and the fading hype of MCU in the market.
Gotta disagree a bit on the definition of scene or rather what it should accomplish. Most screenwriters would posit that a scene MUST advance the plot first  then character build or worldbuild, any scene worth having in a movie should be able to at least advance the plot and be able to do one of those things and advance the plot if it dies do one of those thing. World building can be done through environmental storytelling and character building should be done based on their reactions to the plot.
Yeah
Over analyzing everything like we do nowadays makes everything shitty. I had fun with this movie while I was watching it. That’s all that matters it doesn’t have to be a masterpiece to be a good movie 🤷🏻‍♂️
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you gave Terminal List a good review
You are So Right...
My God.....i didn't know McCarthy was in it. I will sure as hell never watch it now.
honestly if Love and Thunder went back down the original serious route of the first two Thor films, I wouldn't complain. Phase 4 overall has needed a little grounding and a few serious moments.
The girlfriends director wanted this play scene in the movie..🤮
That was a great movie
Personally I REALLY hated the final fight in this film when a ton of kids are given god powers to kill monsters, and none of them get taken out. Like some 90s/2000s superhero kiddy nonsense.
the film isn't that bad.  Christian Bale is hillarious and   the God's are representative of our upper class and it's callousness.  Taht the future is about the children.
Honestly....i feel like its Natalie Portman. She just doesnt fit. Like the romance btwn thor and jane foster is very ackward and over done. Look at the 1st 2 movies, they were horrible. Then the 3rd was a masterpiece...then she reappears and its trash. I can forgive the cgi, if thor would have fallen in love with darcy instead.  Natalie portman is a great actress. Just not for marvel
Kinda feels like he sabotaged the movie to not have to do more.
They are simply missing stan lee
The only highlight of the movie were the goats 🐐
im sorry but melisa mcarty is funny to me
08:18 i love how you said something Ive always thought of for a long time about Melissa McCartney, shes not funny..
I've been rewatching Avengers Earths Mightiest heros, and I realze that I miss serious ye olde Thor.
Can this guy say “now get out of me swamp” at the end of every video forever
Should of uploaded the whole movie on there
Jesus loves all of you
man i though there where many things that could be better but i did enjoy it s lot
your wrong... you should take this movie for what it is... a disney junior cameo movie for kids. I hate this movie wasted my money
A kindred spirit with Rian Johnson.
Too many Yes-men around him and too many three-ways with Tessa Thompson and his chick. It's good to have someone around to tell you that your not as clever as you think you are.
Man that movie sucked. Absolute garbage. It was like a low budget TV soap Oprah that wasn’t even funny or had any decent plot
Taika directs mostly adaptations. The problem is, he's an amazing director when he can deviate and go with his own concepts, but sucks when he has to stick to the original material of whatever he's  adapting. Let's compare the two things he's most known for rn: Jojo Rabbit and Thor LaT.  For Jojo Rabbit he took a grim, confusing (and kinda plain in it's execution) story, stripped it to it's bones and built a cute, heart warming story around the same concept. Great movie, we all love it. But for things like Thor, he has to stick maybe not to the original material per se, since the MCU it's not very faithful to the comics, but he has to follow some guidelines that make all these blockbusters work as complimentary works of one another, or at least make them feel like they're all taking place in the same universe. Specially when talking about sequels, since they continue the story of characters we already know and have grown attached to. And Thor we've seen for seven whole-ass movies and through ELEVEN years. Even with each director having their own opinions or ideas of how (of *what*) Thor should be, he has been pretty consistent through these eleven years (yes, even fat Thor in Endgame). But here, Taika just turned him into an immature manchild. Taika was more interested in making a comedy movie than in making a Thor movie, which did not work for the character and was unfair to all the development he's gone through.  That's also why I think his Star Wars movie will suck. Star Wars has a very specific energy around it that requires you to watch the 6 original movies AND understand them in order to make a successful Star Wars product. Disney has been hit or miss with this. We've got great pieces of media that succeed at giving us that 'Star Wars' feeling while being whole new stories like Andor, Rogue One or The Mandalorian and then we have products like the sequels or the rest of Disney+ original series that not only betray the concept of Star Wars, but (in case of the sequels) also sh*t on it.  And with Taika admitting he hasn't watched the source material, and how he has handled characters that needed to be more than comedy, I'm really worried about how his SW film will turn out.
Melissa Mccarthy is shite in everything! Glad I have not had a tv for 25 years, even the cinemas are going down in my estimation :  (
All of the flaws I have seen illustrated here are very true and are definent problems to be sure. That being said, idk... I liked the movie for what it's worth. I enjoyed it
The movie was garbage but after infinite war that's all I expect from marvel
wtf
I disagree, it was pure stoner goodness and eye candy at its best. It did exactly what a movie should do, entertain me.
Is a very very bad movie. Thor now is a cartoon of a hero.
You are never more powerful than when you have a solid crew rollin with you keeping your ass in check as well as looking out for your best interests. Taika deleted the part that made him work correctly, his writing crew.
Thor: Ragnarok was great! I didn't know people hated it so much lol. But Love and Thunder was mehh
I haven’t finished this yet, but I just have to say I really appreciate your thorough breakdown of what a scene is. That was so well defined and presented that it made me want to try writing a few of my own scenes for Thor 4.  No doubt the next 8 minutes are going to be comfortably undeniable logic.
This movie had a specific target audience- 7 year olds that grew up in houses with lots of lead paint.
I thought it was good, obviously, it wasn't the best marvel movie, but it was totally an enjoyable movie. I guess because I heard all of the hate before watching it I was expecting the worst and it was definitely not. But hey, everyone has an opinion
CGI ruins almost everything.
There was a literal DUMPLING GOD with an anime face in the movie… that says it all right there
It was a really terrible film. Horrible. Horrible horrible. It felt like a bad joke. Waste of 2hrs. Smh. My time would have been better spent looking at a wet wall
I can't help but hearing the Drinker's voice when reading the comments!
Being extra charitable, the scene in Love & Thunder also kind of sets up the idea that Asgardian Warriors disintegrate into gold dust, which pays off with Jane’s death? But I still agree with everything else, it’s a bad callback joke that takes way too much screentime.  That being said, I’m not sure how much of this is Taika’s fault. There’s so many moments where the movie threatens to be interesting, intelligent, or emotionally complex in ways the MCU often shies away from, to the point it feels like a darker, more serious, tragic movie was the original goal… but then Disney came in and said, “But Ragnarok was funny! You’re the funny vampire guy, Taika! People love that! Just do Ragnarok again, people aren’t going to like all this cancer and death and musings on lost faith,” and Taika just said “Fuck it, if cheap jokes is what they want then the movie will just be cheap jokes.”  My reasoning is if you look at Jojo Rabbit, you can see that Taika Waititi is clearly interested in making movies that are far more complex and interesting than what he’s usually known for. Jojo is still often very funny, but it has an honest emotional core that shines through similarly to the best scenes in Love & Thunder.  I also don’t think Christian Bale or Natalie Portman would have done the movie if Taika’s pitch was “yeah it’s gonna be a goofy comedy with screaming goats and all the emotions will be undercut with one liners.”
Yoooo mel mccarthy is hilarious tf you mean??
I feel bad for Christian Bale
ah this movie  was shiiit awfool  i almost sleep half of the movie
like come on! Don't you think some ppl would be a little upset about this play? Imagine how much more interesting and character building making someone interrupt the play would be! I fr don't know enough about the MCU to know if that is in character for anyone, but I would be pretty upset if some depicted my dead family like that.
6:55 that was literally the dumbest s*** I've ever seen
I suppose that this makes Taika Waititi the modern era George Lucas
I enjoyed it. You sound like you can do a better job but yet don't make movies so instead of joining the band wagon of complaining about everything go make a movie I'm sure it will be perfect
I didn’t really like Ragnarok in the first place. Thor was distinguished from the other films by its high fantasy lord of the rings approach, and it just needed a little refinement. It didn’t need to be turned into something else entirely. This director seems like a good fit for a Deadpool film, maybe, and that’s about it.
The same thing happened to M.Night Shamalamalan. That’s why good directors like Tarenteno stick to what they do best.
Ahhaha man with shit opinion has  bought  subscribers
The movie was fully trash.
The black and white fight scene is the best fight scene in all the MCU in my opinion it was truly breathtaking, overall the movie was mid
I wish I could think with your voice in my head
I call it Thor Dead and Loving It.
you tell this to the fanboys and fangirls with all the new phase 4 things coming out and they blow their load. instead of having a talk about why things worked earlier and not now, it just boils down to them accusing you of being sexist/misogynistic/toxic.
I generally do love Taika Waititi films like Jojo Rabbit, Hunt for the Wilderpeople, and Free Guy. His indie films seem almost Wes Anderson inspired. It's weird to me seeing him drop a deuce like Love and Thunder.
Yea it was BAAAAD very bad
I actually like Taika films, he puts himself into all of his films; that is what makes his films so good. We are all entitled to our  own opinions though.
Ain't nothing wrong with Thor love and thunder your critics always complaining about something
Hold the fuck up I saw taika waititi wearing that one piece shirt that was blurred out
The only part I liked was Christian bale
i feel like if i watch a couple more videos from drinker i will be a better writer than taika. hell i might even be better after this one.
"Boring and wish it would end" is all I could think about during this whiny video with watered down complaints.
That was a good movie! It was like Saturday day morning cartoon.
When he said, "was (Melissa McCarthy) ever funny at anything!!", I felt that.
Over half of this could've been summed up by saying "Shameless call backs"
This is the only time I've ever seen that studio intervention was absolutley needed.
08:18 no
ANOTHER Indie filmmaker (1st, Eternals by Chloé Zhao) that should stay Indie.  🤦🏻 Franchise, and Big Movies are meant to INSPIRE, show HUMANITY... not just a stupid simple movie with shits and giggles.
So much of the comedy I found to be forced and terrible. Most of the movie I found terrible. Very few scenes were rememberable because they were good. More so because they were so terrible. That theater scene was a part I tuned out and walked away from it was that bad! The 1st movie with Korg was all we ever needed with that useless character. As for the rest of the cast, they were wasted talent. Russel Crowe was up there with the fat fuck who somehow thinks she's funny! The accent he used for Zeus and his acting made me think Zeus was some tart! The one thing I will give is Christian Bale's character Gorr I did understand his motivations and purpose. He did the best he could with the crap he was given. It was an attack on any and all religions with "Gods" but his main focus was to bring his child back by sacrificing himself through long and arduous work (a champion of killing all the gods) rather than what he did. Which was wait for some "God" to come save him and his child. Had he done the hard work and relied on his actions to begin with, maybe his kid would have lived. Instead, he just sat down and waited for someone else to save him and his child. His inaction killed her. His action brought her back. Something many in this world today suffers from. Waiting for someone else to do all the hard work to save them instead of getting up and doing what they can to save themselves.
Hey Drinker, I have watched all your videos of why moderm movies suck and I am surprised almost everything you said is true .... plus I recommend you to watch The Kashmir Files, its really heart breaking and a true history ... I believe you would get the depth of how deep a movie can become... Your regular Watcher
Hmm its not that bad. 6 out of 10
You should consider giving Strange New Worlds a try, I think you'd enjoy it and I'd be interested to hear your take on it.
The fact that  gorr was treated as a one off villain was just straight disrespectful to his character. The guy is straight lethal and straight whoops on Thor in multiple fights in the comics. Also I can’t believe they broke the necro sword in such a dumb way. In the comics Thor uses it and it looks insane.
Well, they can spend their money on whatever they want - I will spend (or won't spend) mine at what I want
it truly was trash
Directors repeatedly inserting themselves into their own films has always irritated me.
I would LOVE to watch a movie written/produced/directed by you ( or atleast you being in charge if it ). Seriously, i would 100$ for that movie ticket just to satiate the soul devouring black hole of hunger that exists for good movies.
All these fighting scene clips looks like a Capcom video game
Very good as always.   IMO the nub of the reason why this film was so bad: A man under contract to do a job just couldn't be bothered, he even thinks that's funny! Think about that, let it sink in. 99% of people would be in deep trouble for that kind of behaviour, more so if they made a public joke about it.
I actually really enjoyed the movie. Death to all space goats
I actually think Taika Waititi is really funny and makes great movies like JoJo Rabbit, Hunt for the Wilderpeople, What We do in the Shadows and his work on Flight of the Concords is hilarious. He also did a really good job on the last Thor movie. It's hard to make a good movie every single time. I didn't think it was the worst thing I've ever seen but obviously it's not the greatest it was just like an action popcorn flick.
1st marvel movie i stopped watching mid way
Thor 4 was so much fun  Is it an Oscar film? No it is not  But that doesn't mean it isn't a good movie  It's because you all have such high standards that you were disappointed   I pity you all   Morbius wasn't that bad either   I wish I could meet more people on my level of chill  I'm just grateful to see another movie with Thor in it. Instead of complaining about quality
i mean the thumbnail says it all
Simple; 1) Disney only cares about making money (particularly short term for their shareholders) not creating a memorable long lasting creative franchise. 2) Disney's writers do not follow, understand or are even passionate about source material. 3) Disney film production groups adhere to formulas for making movies (ie: this many explosions, this many quips, etc...) 4) Disney follows and promotes various agendas & narratives (specifically the WEF ones). 5) Disney's writers and editors are so poor that they can not even notice or recognize their material is laden with lousy tropes, clichés, Mary Sues/Marty Sues, Macguffins, continuity errors and logic holes.
I walked of the theatre when they got onto the ship
It was a long time ago since i watched a "comedy" movie without laughing. This was soo bad, sooo bad, it feelt like everything was a joke... and they always failed, from the very start to the very end, i think the only thing that made me snicker a bit was the goat screams, because it made me think about goat rider on clash royale...
It's strange that Melissa McCarthy is in both  scene comparisons I have watched on this channel  Ghostbusters 2016 and Thor. She is a comedian I am sure she is a comedian.
Taika Woketiti 🤡
Taika is like a boisterous little dog, let it run loose and it trashes the room and shits on the floor, but give it something productive to do, and it can accomplish wonders. He needs a grownup to control him and direct his energy.
I mean, yeah, I guess... but comparing Ragnarok to Love and Thunder is rather  like comparing vomit to shit.
I went to see this because Christian Bale was in it. He was the only good part and he had the fewest scenes I think.
Doesn't Taika have the reins to Star Wars now?  uh oh
This movie is so God awful I'd rather watch Thor dark worlds. Yeah fuck ragnorak too! That was shit as well!
i didn't hate "love and thunder" but it is no civil war
For me, the slapstick scene with Sif “dying” summed up the movie for me. Just unintelligent writing… he didn’t even try.
Love and thunder managed to be the  WORST Thor movie, the cringy humor is unbearable but the only redeeming point is f☆cking Christian Bale, the guy is for sure one of the best actors nowadays
How does this IP recover? Asghard is a cheap amusement park. Thor is a babysitter.
I don’t know. My wife and I enjoyed it. I would still say Ragnarok was better, but we were not disappointed after watching it.
I disliked Ragnarok too, frankly. It was the same giant clash of having tragic and serious events in what is essentially a comedy movie.
i must say though its not completely shit because its a great film to watch if you just want to go braindead for a while and stare at a childs fever dream
I love the way Critical Drinker drags the last word out of every sentennnncceee. No matter what, it always ends this waaaayyy. He is literally unable to stop the word from creating extra dramaaaa.
funny thing is I just came across a photo comparing the CGI from 2008 and 2022 Disney movies, and the 2008 movies were clearly better.
Christian Bale deserved a better movie. So did the fans. This one isnt rewatchable or memorable. Ive already had enough of this director. Hes more of an added sprinkle to the main menu than anything else. Too much sugar will rot your teeth.
Bloody horrible , its a movie that can wreck careers. Pathetic humour , disjointed story.
It’s embarrassing af what they did to the God of Thunder.  A beta freak, cringe as hell.
I wouldn't say exactly it sucked, it was okay, but it could have been sooooo much better
As Nerdrotic says love and blunder lol
It's cause they push what they call comedy way too far. Not only is it not funny, but it goes on and on and on. Characters don't have a serious smart side anymore. And even though this Movie deals with Cancer, the short serious moments are not convincing when the other 99% of the time they're shown to be idiots. There's a difference between being funny and trying to get laughs cause you're acting stupid. Thor 1 he was an Arrogant Warrior He didn't take things seriously cause his character didn't need to Being a God and all. He was Successful almost all the time so he can be arrogant. Now every scene the characters FAIL at something and then they make jokes about it and we're supposed to laugh at their Failures. Until the end of the movie where they hopefully Succeed. They don't even fail for struggle or character building. It's like they fail for there to be stuff for us to laugh at.
All entertainment is pointing one moment to the next. Sacrifice the damn negativity.
Agree. This movie was total shit
I don't think Taika Waititi wanted to make a Marvel movie. This seems like an elaborate Victorian-esque passive aggressive middle finger to the Marvel model....
Love and thunder was garbage. How do you take the most powerful avenger and make him a joke? The perfect balance of Thor, at least in the MCU, was infinity war.
I liked large goat. I don't remember much of the movie though. I am reminded of bits after watching this video.
Anyone else waiting for another addition to "The drinker Fixes..."?
Waititi is a titi! He used Maori culture in this and it didn't work.  God knows what he'll do to "Star Wars".  He's no Peter Jackson.
I have never gone to a worse Marvel movie. I got up half way through and walked out......
Loved thor ragnarok. Did not love this movie. Hemsworth Portman and girl playing viking all great but the plot script dialogue truly sucked spectacularly and the choice of  villain was god awful and the ending with how thor defeated him was so BARNEY 🤣
When I found out it was a social justice movie I didnt go see it theaters. Glad to see I was right
Taiki really reached deep down to his "roots" for this movie, if you catch my drift. (The semetic ones.)
Undercutting the Emotional moments throughout Thor's journey with cheap unfunny gags and jokes was very sad to watch. Post Endgame MCU is sadly lacking.
This movie tried so hard to be like Ragnarok but that ultimately caused it's downfall, Sadly Thor 4 went full Taika.
I dunno - this movie I Absolutely loved. I don’t think it was supposed to be taken seriously - it’s pure joy and bromance. Maybe it’s because I’m a fan, because Ragnorock was awesome…. But I never looked at it as art. Personally I felt for Christians character when they finally met destiny.
I liked the movie
I can think of a Movie scene that one, continues the plot, gives charechters development, and world builds all at the same time. You Remember Star Wars: The Empire Strikes back, Where vader tells Luke he is his father. Well not only does it develop a new story, but alsk makes you question, why did Ben Lie to luke, is Vader telling the Truth, Is Vader really Anakin, What happened to cause this? It not only contined the story, but allowed 3 new sideplots to be introduced. It also world build because it causes events like the Clone wars to be made, and gives Star Wars and the Galactic Empire more of A tragic story, about the fall of the jedi order, by the hands of one man. Thats why that scene was perfect, because it wasnt only made to shock people, it was designed to deepen the plot, create new problems and stories, and give Luke and Vader some much needed Development. Now every Marvel Movie makes a scene to make you scream in the theaters, but has no purpose. Why did the illuminati show up in multiverse of madness, if there just going to be killed off? So disney can get fans hyped, so they go watch the next subpar superhero movie they push out. The illuminati did nothing to expand the plot, they were there for the sake of fan service, and it makes Marvel Movie unrealistic recently.
I watched it about a week ago and while watching it, I feel like watching a series of videos on youtube while reading something on a book. I never got emotionally engaged, jokes are too forced, and everything seems to hold no consequences. When it ended I was like "Huh, so that movie ended" I never though about it again except for thinking about how bad it was.
Worst episode ever
Basically any time you watch a good movie, or see a good scene in modern cinema, you can safely assume it’s a fluke accident on behalf of the writing team because in their next outing they’re likely going to make you question everything you thought you knew about their abilities.
In the movie that scene where Thors image teleports where children are kept. Is just weird and breaks whole character. Thor is making jokes to kidnaped children about how they propably will die 🤯 disbelieve of that scene hits like a Hammer. What the fuck they were thinking. Some parts of movie are tramatic and some goofy it's like 2 different people wrote this and it was cut together whit no one watching end result before release.
The thing I hated most wast they’ve turned Thor into a bumbling idiot, why??? You can’t have a comedian writing action movies. A couple of jokes is fine but they turned it into “scary movie”.  You could see the two Chris’s hating that scene in the beginning, even they thought it was retarded.
only good thor movie was the first , they all sucked since then. such a waste of a talented actor
It's a joke of a movie
It's bad becuase they didn't pay people lmao
Aside from a few funny lines, this movie was nothing but woke cringe with an unhealthy dose of female entitlement.
I miss the original Thor.  Screw you Disney
6:54 damn, child armor
because every mcu movie does?
Never understood hype about Watiti. He is an average film makers with 1-2 decent movies at best. Not a serious film maker in any way.
Gorr is not suppose to be human
Gorr sucked
Hey drinker, any thoughts on the the Woman King? It has high ratings on both Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB.
I'm tired of cartoon CGI shitfests. I'll pass on anything that looks like this.
Generally speaking, Ragnaroc felt like like an action film with some really good funny bits……….Love and Thunder left like a comedy with some really good action bits in it………Loved the goats
I personally didn’t mind this scene (although that said I had a very low expectations generally for the film) but I didn’t realise two things when watching it….1. melissa mccarthy was in it.. and 2. The fat green women was supposed to be hela…….
Yup, well put 👏
bale, hemsworth, and the costume department made this a good movie. full stop. (ok, crowe was good too)
I almost threw up when I see Melissa McCartney on screen. I think Hollywood thinks if she's in a movie then it's automatically funny.
i will never ever ever ever watch this garbage😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Dude, I bought 2 t shirts off the site and both say "Nah, it'll be Fini". Instead of Fine. Have a word to your printers
I'm glad. I didn't see it.. Have cero,, interest in Marvel. Since End Game.
Taika strikes me as a director with alot of potential who propably got very popular a little too fast. He’s still got some things to learn but there is no doubt he has creativitiy and a distinct style. He just needs to incorporate writing into his humor and fantasy
I can't help but feel that the re-enactment scene in Love and Thunder, took its cue not from Ragnarok but James Corden's 4D sketch of Ragnarok, which is on YouTube.  I can't help feel  Taika Waititi saw it, and decided to redo that partially for his own movie.
It's all down hill from here at mavel and dc, see what happens after dead pool 3 and the next spiderman
For me, the biggest problem with the film was the tone. It was just all over the place. We go from a heart wrenching opening scene where a loving father's daughter dies in his arms to screaming donkeys. One minute it's a family film where the children are finding their inner hero, and the next minute we're treated to Chris Hemsworth's bare ass. Any scene that transitioned away from Christian Bale (whose performance was amazing) felt jarring because his intense performance was immediately  followed by some goofiness.
It was crap because of intersectional feminism.
This is great. Love your vids. I'm just surprised you haven't covered the Halo show. I really want your analysis.
please se the old man on diseny i like it
Did they really do a Ukraine on Thors armor?
This is like listening to a chef talk about someone who baked a cake by baking a pie and they just bitch about using the wrong ingredients. NO. They fked it up. This was a movie about going woke, nothing more, nothing less. The whole thing was about how woke it could be and replace everything original. They baked a pie, called it a cake and expected everyone to go along.
Scorsese was right.
If you  have read the gorr Thor graphic novel,you could probably imagine how good it could have been as a two movie story instead of this comedy romp. A pattaika is a condition when you make a great first movie but the second one fails.such as patty Jenkins ww 1984 and taika's second Thor movie.  PATTAIKA.
Sometimes I feel like drinker is accurate but maybe too harsh....this is not one of those times. He could have been way more harsh and not lost me.
Next review. Cyberpunk edgerunners?
This is the best thing I ever saw.
It SUCKED!
It’s the insight and analysis in this video that exemplify why TCD the best reviewer and social critic on planet Earth.
Na i liked it .... so you jog on 😛
Good character development is something I learned to appreciate after all this nonsense of movies since 2010
Boring narration.. as boring as the movie
Big holes in this movie.  1. the mystery mysterious thing that grants a wish...and people know about it, could have been useful when fighting Thanos.  2. Thor's new weapon is a mystic thing that opens the said mysterious mystery thing, when it was only just created when Mjollnir was destroyed and Thor had to quest for it. How????
Edgerunners when?
the Critical Drinker, as someone that loves your rendition of what Dr. Strange and the Multiverse of madness should have been like. Can I as a favor?  I know you've probably had your fill of "Love and Thunder", but is there any chance you can do a fan service, and do a fix on it. aka. remove the goats, cut out the majority of the woke, and try and stitch together a decent story out of the scraps that are in this movie. I know it won't be easy with the whole Zeus has no depth, kids save themselves, Thor is a Bafoon, and all the women are 100% more powerful than men and don't need them, but I'd appreciate it.  At least Christian Bale did a half-decent job as Gorr, so you'll at least have that to work with.
Melissa McCarthy was quite funny in Gilmore Girls.  She never ever made me laugh outside of that show, not even once.
Melissa McCarthy was quite funny in Gilmore Girls.  She never ever made me laugh outside of that show, not even once.
I hated that the God's are just straight up a-holes, sure they can be full of themselves but c'mon, where tf is the complexity??? The God is a jerk so the main villain has an excuse to be evil.
Another unique obligatory like aaaaaaand comment)
Stopped watching during Waititi retelling Thor’s story
Please....your points are valid but Taika is still way better than JJ Abrams.  You make him sound just as bad if not worse.
To be fair all these movies target audience are children/teens and are designed to sell merchandise.
In its quest for laughs it lost its heart and soul and ended up being like a poor Kung Fury
Ragnarok is so much better. Maybe they'll get it right with Valhalla.
You gotta do the Netflix Dahmer series
Because Disney have watered Marvel down to the level of woke.
Dude, Thor 3 was the same as Thor 4. This "every scene is goofy" started in Thor 3. I dont know, why people loved Thor 3.
Completely agree, but we already love Thor enough to not skip this lol, Thor is goated and can’t be topped, but sadly the series is failing cause of the Phase 4 crap that’s happening
MCU was over after Stan Lee died...When he died, the activist came in and made the stories millions read and dreamed about as kids, into lame stories about todays activist agendas. Furthermore they have people in charge that I doubt have ever read ANY comic book.. Let alone the ones involving their project MCU is dead!!!
Taika is like tim burton just doubling down on his quirks and odd story telling instead of developing his stories
My personal opinion is not a valid one to make as of yet. Taika has made some good movies in the past, such as Boy, Ragnarok and Jojo rabbit so I am rather surprised with the negativity. Though he himself has said in past interviews that he's a lazy person and still is when working so I'm also not surprised it is subpar. Could of been bad cause of his laziness, maybe he's not as good as he thinks or maybe it was the higher ups at Disney and marvel getting their claws into the project. We'll never fully know unless it's said from the guy himself but what we all know and agree on. Is this film was poorly made and could have been so much better.
Another one right out of the ballpark, kudos, Drinker.
You thought prey was surprisingly good. A movie where the predator dies because he doesn't know how his own weapons function.   Thor 4 wasn't great but it's better than that shit.
I was disappointed that these geniuses had the GOTG and makes no use of them! World build with the Guardians is what we'd all have with the end of End Game.
I enjoyed it. Flaws and all.
Review cyberpunk edgerunners
We got angry, badass, ass kicking Thor one time. In Infinity War. After that they made him into a joke.
Two words: Peer Review!
The Theater Scene in L&T was there just because I worked in Ragnarok and Taika thought “Oh I’ll do that again because they loved it the first time!”
bro sounds like he's containing a cough and is simultaneously out of breath at the end of every other sentence
How does Melissa McCarthy keep getting roles? She must have Me Too’ed someone high up in Hollywood. Also Karl Urban is awesome and I need more Machine Gun wielding awesomeness.
Not sure if it is really all Taika's fault.  Having fun is good, but it is totally pointless to make Zeus (and cast with an Academy award winning actor) look like a clown.   If the deleted scene (a father figure Zeus) is being used, it would have been a $1B movie.  And what's the deal of killing off almost every one around Thor?  It is so overdoing that it makes the story line predictable.  Chris Hemsworth actually can be better he delivered an almost oscar performance in Infinity war (the scene chatting with Rocket the raccoon when he talked about losing everyone)  For a macho man that acting is far better than other co-actor like Vin Diesel and Chris Pratt.
Just yesterday watched it. Liked it.
What’s the backstory behind the cover picture?
After watching it, I felt like L&T was an eye-rolling mockery of Thor.  It's a shallow, juvenile comedy wearing Thor pajamas.  Pathetic garbage.
I thought it was good...cheesy as fuck but still good. It ain't easy being cheesy.
lol I love that you compared a diarrhea turd to a constipation turd lol. Both films are absolutely garbage, just because a bunch of lemmings all ran out to see them is irrelevant
Thor: Ragnarok was/is my favorite MCU movie. But he definitely is a director who requires restraints. He excels in restraints. Christian Bale was the best part of the movie. I wish they ended it differently. I would have loved to see more of him... Like a Thano-esque villian
Dude can you not say scene so much? I couldnt even finish the video. Annoying
This streaming turd MADE $1.534 BILLION!!!, at this point the MCU are politically correct transformers movies.
It sucked because everything was a joke and felt like a parody.
Great video, putting into words exactly what I felt about this movie
Any director, who is not Tarantino, that writes themselves into their own moviee is obviously a flog.
Tessa Thompson was probably paid an additional million to tell Thor, "You have to go win. I can't."
the video is 27fps
We need a more serious Thor movie..like the first one...it was 98.5% seriousness and 1.5% jokes.  I really felt thing were on the line and at risk in the first movie....not so much in the last 2 movies..too much humor.
Taiko wait it I is also not ashamed of disrespecting the Norse. Culture and Norse paganism by doing a film with a FEMALE Thor!
To the comments 😳🍿
Enough with the superhero movies, just Stop it already 🤚
The comparison has been made to WW84 but it also reminds me of Star Trek beyond written by Simon Pegg.   I guess the temptation to write large roles for themselves is too great.
Hey drinker are you going to review cyberpunk edgerunners?
I´m still surprised that most people still expect art forms from Disney. You know, that company that sucks and distort popular stories and franchises since the past century.
Marvel isn't even worth watching anymore. Started off so strong with iron man then....
Reminds me of Patty Jenkins and Wonder Woman. Patty ur amazing here is more control! Thunk.
Brutal
Worst Marvel movie ever.  Felt like turning it off so many times.  Please........ no more Taika Waititi Marvel movies
Jenny McCarthy is five thousand scoops of terrible cheap imitation ice cream stacked up....She's probably the nicest person on earth but there is absolutely nothing funny about her.
Why did he have to define "scene" for his video?
Imma just put on my earmuffs and keep liking this movie
Omfg that scene where heimdall's son goes full woke, disrespecting and dishonoring his father by arguing with everyone about his name and changing it while he's like 8 fuckin years old was an absolute disaster. Encouraging that bullshit is terrible
Wow
Thought the movie was great no movie is perfect I don't get the uproar
Hear me out. Thor 4 is one of if not the best phase 4 film. Although that’s not saying much, this movie wasn’t trying to be a extremely well written piece of entertainment like moonknight, it was trying to be a funny and lighthearted film. After all, that’s how Thor has always been in the mcu. Enough with this serious multiverse shit. This movie was a fun breath of fresh air. Maybe it’s not the same as at home but watching this in the theatre with people made this movie really enjoyable. It’s no masterpiece but it was a good movie.
There's going to be a Thor 5?! Jesus christ!
The 4 Batman movies from the 90s and the 4 Thor movies from the MCU have a lot in common   The 1st movie (Batman / Thor) was a good introduction to the hero with one of the best movie villains of all time. And the villain falls to his death at the end. And the hero faces off the main threat with no suit who presumably dies to show even without the suit and weapon he is worthy.   The 2nd movie (Batman Returns / Thor The Dark World) had a much more dark tone with a love story that doesn't work out in the end, and you think the anti villain working with the hero dies but revealed that they survived as the credits role.   The 3rd movie (Batman Forever / Thor Ragnarok) gets a different director and makes the franchise more colorful and comedic, and has a villain that wears green and another with a burned face. And also teams up with someone that is green. Also the death of a father that motivates them to fight.   The 4th movie (Batman and Robin / Thor Love And Thunder) has the same director as the 3rd and takes that comedic tone to another level that it makes the entire movie look like a Saturday morning cartoon and the outfits look more like toys rather than armor. Plus has a female version who suddenly gets the same powers with no training, but able to fight with the suit on. And at the end they run towards the screen as the credits roll.
I was very disappointed with this movie, deleted it from my library of good movies.
McCarthy as a Fat Hella and Matt Damon as Loki,  was the funniest part of the movie.
Honestly a very just comparison. It's more of a guess on my part, but I'm willing to bet that most of the scenes that I initially felt awkward with, back in Ragnarok, came from the mind of Taika ; ideas thrown into the movie regardless of wether or not it would fit the general tone.
I kinda liked the movie. The trick is to watch it as a chick flick.
one of the best things about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something . he always respect us, the audience, and his team, and he is always polite in all of his video. we congratulate ourselves on this achievement more to come and everything to come""❤💛🧡💙 Let's we all just appreciate the content this man and his crew makes it's just a masterpiece imagine what's he's gonna doing the future ❤ I hope this channel never ends and keeps spreading happiness.❤😊
Just saw this, ah, I want to say "movie"? On disney+Disney. What----the-----fuck. Christian Bale brought it. That's it.
Bloody good review matey
hey guys any1 knows wats up with Mr. Obvious please?
I stopped watching marvel after spiderman, the only redemption was spiderman homecoming. The rest i have to pass.
Disappointing that everything was there for an amazing movie.  There is simply no emotion in it.  Everything is a joke - including stage 4 Cancer. Like wtf?  Gorr and Jane could have served as the backbone of the film - dealing with the stages of grief and creating tension using despair ( Gorr ) vs hope (Jane ).  Instead of everything being a joke, we could have seen how painful it is for Thor to slowly lose the love of his life - imagine if we were able to see and connect with him like that.  I thought Jane being Thor was a great idea that was handled so poorly.  Remember how awesome it was when Captain America picked up Mjolnir?  That's how exciting it should have been when Jane became Thor. Instead the script plays it like she's a kid in a halloween costume.
I think all of these critiques while valid make me excited for giving taika full creative control of the incal. It will be nuts
Was that a one piece shirt the director was wearing?
I underwent the Highland Abilities Battery as part of a career process. It put me on the 50th percentile for creativity. I was a little miffed at this, thinking myself quite a creative chap. My consultant told me that, in her experience, and in the aggregated data of 100s of 1000s of other tests, 50% was a bit of a sweet spot in that creativity also requires objectivity and reflection. People on the 90th percentile get idea after idea after idea and find it hard to embed them or make them coherent. This might have just been patter to ensure I wrote a good review for the consultant, but in actual fact, I think she was right. I think Critical Drinker gives us a prime example in his analysis of the director of this film. Anyway, that’s all I’ve got time for…
Well I’m not seeing how 750 million views is a failure 🤔
Imagine watching movies
Thor Ragnarok was a ballsy roll of the dice movie that worked as a breath of fresh air. That's all it was. It's my favourite MCU film, because it was outside.
In this movie Thor is presented as a dumb character without any kind of responsability or Weight above all the events that he had live through, just like Hemsworth Ghostbusters character.
This movie still pisses me off. Bottom of my list, aside from Ironfist (I couldn't stomach it during my Netflix MCU rewatch).
I actually really liked it…didn’t like Russel Crows portrayal of Zeus but aside from that I thought it was very entertaining.
Taika Waititi is a fine director, but a shit writer
You know who’s thrilled about this movie?? “Thor: the dark world”; it’s no longer the shittiest Thor movie
thanks man, at least your are doing good work here (once in a while) ;P
It hurt my inner die hard Thor and Marvel fanboy SO BAD to admit that this movie sucked. I didn’t want to… I thought maybe it’ll grow on me with a second and third viewing. Nope. Take into account how AMAZING the source arc by Jason Aaron was, and this is the most disappointed I’ve ever been in Marvel. Bye bye Taika
Thor is giant Nordic MAN with muscles...  that's what the ppl want to see
I lost interest  in this movie in the 1st 30 minutes.
They lost me in ragnorak when thor "the God of thunder", who literally has lightning pulsing through his veins, can be controlled and rendered useless by a little tazer disc.  So ridiculous
The take away from the play scene is that Fat chicks always cosplay as skinny characters, and  look horrible.
You should do a review on cyberpunk edge runners
My favorite scene was when Thor said “It’s Thor’in time” and Thor’ed all over the bad guys faces
So Taika is the kind of man that needs a supervisor...
God, just sit down, shut up, and watch the movie. It was enjoyable.
Honestly found Bale's performance outstanding. Some of the material he had to do was a bit off, like the cage scene.  The movie was at least entertaining despite the glaring flaws. It's nice to see more of the marvel universe. The flip side, too much stuff going on. It's a constant visual bombardment of stuff.  The movie plot did kind of remind of Captain America Civil War, with Zemo.
wish you would come up with facts
i 100% hate your opinion
The issues behind *Thor: Love and Thunder* as a film remind me of similar issues with George Lucas. When he made the original *Star Wars* trilogy, he was the ideas guy, but he still had others pushing back, and making it with him.  When it came to the prequels, he was such a big name, he basically had carte blanche to film whatever he wanted.  While I'd argue that the *Star Wars* prequels ARE better films than *Thor: Love and Thunder,* they also had similar issues with not enough people pushing back on what George Lucas wanted.
“Why are you excited about another shitty Marvel movie?” “I’m excited to see how badly they fuck it up this time”
Taika Waikiki style is not suitable for this movies.....
A disaster? What? I like the movie. Granted that its not memorable but it is by no stretch of the imagination a disaster.
This was like Peter Jackson's Hobbit. The director got over confident and big headed after their past success and did whatever they wanted.
The best part of Love & Thunder didn't involve the cast. The sound of Mjolnir reconstructing itself gave me an eargasim.
Oh god yes, what you said about the love and thunder play scene feeling it drag on for every second...SO TRUE!! I unfortunately paid money to see this in the theatre, and I also remember during that play scene thinking "For GOD's sake get on with it already! This sucks!"
Yeah
I made it half way through this film. All the immature humour did me in ...
I watched the movie long after it came out and I heard nothing but terrible things so when I saw it I didn't think it was that bad. All the problems in this video are true but I think the bigger problem is that Ragnarok and Jojo rabbit were the two previous taika waititi film that he made. Both were so good that we all had insane expectations making Love and Thunder seem worse than it really was.
I'm so disappointed in what has been done to Thor. Any character development he gets never sticks. His PTSD was treated as a joke to make fat jokes. He often seems like a supporting character in his own movies. I bite my tongue on what they do to Norse mythology because it isn't a retelling of that, but don't trash the character just because.
I did not care much for the director's influence in Ragnarök so I had a feeling Love and Thunder would be even worse.  I was wrong.  It wasn't just worse it was embarrassing.  Someone really should have ego checked those writers.  I wanted to leave after about ten minutes and in retrospect I should have.
I vote Will Jordan directs the next captain marvel movie, id love to see that turnout
Taika sucks
The thing about Taika is that he CAN write some legitimately fantastic stuff  But also seems to need someone to keep him in check so as to not chase every cool idea he gets at the same time.  Love and Thunder starts off really well and I'd argue even has a solid ending, but everything in-between feels like a jumbled mess of conflicting ideas and needless himor in what should have been a more serious movie.
I agree with most of this. I like the man and What we do in the Shadows and Jojo Rabbit are some of my favorite films. You can be brilliant and also totally wrong man for the job. Imagine Tarantino, David Lynch, Coen Bros, Terrence Malick, Wes Anderson, Almodovar or Scorsese doing Fantastic Four. Ye it might be interesting and even "great cinema" but I'd bet it would be shit Fantastic Four.  The mcu-humour fatique is a thing. If everything wasn't already a joke, a comedy like Love and Thunder might actually feel refreshing.   Waititi is apparently working on Star Wars now. I wish the man would stick with Waititi-movies. He's great with those.
Why does the "Love and thunder" look like the fking trans flag?
who is joss wheaton? ive never heard of her..
The movie sucked because it was long one long fucking meme-train after another.  Women empowerment, a once-strong willed man turned into a dood-bro simp, Thor as a God is shown to really be a low-tier God, followed by all the other Gods just being douches(effectively, it was saying "Your religions are a joke, lawl"), and for as long as the movie was, VERY little progress was ever made for ANY of the characters.  Even the 'villain' was 'ugh'.  So the dood lost his child because his God was a turd, so his plan is to go out and kill other people to wish for all Gods to cease to exist?  Sure, there's a 'plot device' as to why he became an asshole; but it was like a mulligan for a villain, right out of the gate.  I've seen internet VINE videos with stories that have progressed better.  Story aside; if you can watch it and NOT expect to take it seriously for just something to watch; absolutely.  Watch it to atleast experience it, but I don't see myself feeling the urge to watch it again any time soon.  I can go watch any of the Predator or Alien films, even having watched them since they were first made and knowing them scene by scene; and get more satisfaction.
*How to make a typical Marvel movie* Have a bad guy make a portal to another world so they can send their army in to take over Earth. Have a good guy and companions that does some stuff to close the portal. Punch the bad guy, the end.
did anyone see that thor was dressed as a greek god and through a thunderbolt like zeus ?
Apparently Taila Watiti made the movie shit on purpose because the studio forced him to make another Thor movie but he didn't want to.
Many strong points, though I feel that you (like most people) give Ragnarok (while it was still better than Love & Thunder) too much credit.   The character insight Ragnarok's theatre scene provided was, I felt, significantly too heavy-handed and actually somewhat contradictory to established characterization; Loki is supposed to be a narcissist and a glory hound, but a crafty-and-calculating rather than cartoonishly-over-the-top-and-stupid one. At the end of Thor: The Dark World, he addressed Thor with a pitch-perfect impression of Odin (I understand the scene was actually originally written to *be* simply a conversation between Odin and Thor, with the twist that it was really Loki added later while keeping the dialogue intact) -- meanwhile, his Odin impersonation in Ragnarok is downright pitiful (I could do a better one easily) and falls apart in moments.   This is one of numerous examples of Ragnarok taking plot threads and characterizations from the previous films and flippantly tossing them into the waste bin, reducing what-should-be serious story elements to cheap punchlines, etc. I felt that most of the major criticisms now coming at Love & Thunder from many quarters were also applicable to Ragnarok, if perhaps to a somewhat lesser extent.
There is a small amount of fantastically great movie writing, there is plenty of good movie writing, lots of average or mediocre movie writing, there is a ton of absolutely terrible stuff that got stuck to the bottom of your shoe that smells really badly movie writing....and then there's this movie's  infected weeping sore that passes for "writing".
Thor: Cringe and facepalm was horrendously bad.
I tried to watch this movie, got about 15-20 minutes in and decided I would rather watch paint dry. I am burned out on Super Hero movies and this one was the final straw. I suppose if they ever make a decent Fantastic Four reboot, I will give that a chance.
You mean besides the fact that every movie has a woman in it that thinks she can fight 😂. Just pathetic 🤷 EVERYTHING IS ABOUT ROMANCE ❤️❤️❤️❤️🤢
you forgot 4 badass fight scenes
It’s like they took parts from previous films that people appeared to love and did it got comedic value, pigeon holed into the film. Needed more Gorr/Bale
It was a really bad movie! The only good part was when his loincloth fell off and the gals fainted! Oh how we laughed!!🤣🤣🤣
Melissa McCarthy doesn't need more than two lines to completely kill the comedic aspects of a movie.
They are making a Thor 5? JFC. Disney, go away now!
All of it was a long joke no serious scenes the acting was awful and NO LOKI
IdeAS, possESS, right befOREE it, this dude has a way of talking lol
wth movie was good what are you all complaininfg about?
I didn't entirely hate Love and thunder, but Waititi shouldn't be making these types of movies.  There has been far too much "comedic" relief in these movies that falls falls short of the mark and feels extremely fake.
Movie was so bad, it made the reviews bad to watch and listen
This deserves 10 times the views it has!
I can't stand that director because I am pretty sure his ego is insanely big. I hate the character he created and that speaks all the time.  Me me me. The guy has to have everything about himself, even in his own movie. Like he is competing with his own movie...
I thought it was kind of weird that the movie spent so much time on side characters, and then killed the hero at the end. At least he was able to save his daughter before he died.
The MCU has always been lame. The Avengers movies were the only thing worth watching.
I'm sorry, when you open up the whole video with saying the Play scene from Rag is good... You are off your fucking rocker, mate. That scene was 500% cringe. At least twice the cringe as when other dude was like, "Behold! My stuff."
Thor Love and Thunder is a perfect representation of when a guy tells a silly joke the first time and everybody thought it was pretty funny, and then when he tells it the second, third, or even the fourth time, people would start to get annoyed by it.
Oddly enough. I finally watched it yesterday and once I came to peace with the whole movie being told by the Rockman. It was IMO one of the better MCU films. Light hearted didn't take itself so seriously. Fun watch over all.
Yeah, that scene was complete cringe.
I actually enjoyed the movie, but I tried not to take it too seriously.
Taika is clearly a major narcissist with ADHD.  I mean, look at ANY interview or appearance he does.  He's practically screaming it.
I don't think he wanted to make the film. I think he was contracted to do so.
Marvel comic books was a memorable part of my childhood. Thanks Disney for shitting on it
It’s done nearly $750mn so hardly struggling
Better to watch Sesame Street 😂.
You should post on Rumble also
More Hollywood GARBAGE!
This….this scene is the reason I stopped watching the film, as soon as mccarthy pooped out as hela it just made me go “nah this isn’t for me” and I’ve never bothered to watch ever again, and im all more the happier for it
Thor love and thunder was simply extremely overly sexualized. To me, it was extremely unnecessary and made the movie so awkward to watch with all of the forced agendas being applied.
I thought the throwback play scene in love and thunder was mildly amusing. Definitely pointless. The movie as a whole as quite disappointing. I started out bummed when the GotG just peaced out of it 10 minutes in. What a waste. The opening was very bad.
Taika Waititi is an egoistical unfunny zoomer.
Mccarthy was funny in SPy, well the movie was funny af and she was in it. Ok she wasnt funny but Spy was hillarious with Statham and Serafinowicz popping off
Ragnarok was one of the best MCU movies in many ways. Definitely the funniest. Even though we hated the stone guy. Love and Thunder, I think we smiled like twice, and laughed zero times. The plot was terrible. The whole movie is a disaster. And we got more stone guy - a character everyone hated.
What happened to the hammer that captain America used to fight thanos......or did they put that back in the past same as the infinity stones.
I personally stopped watching Marvel movies after Endgame.
Why did it fail? - Directorial hubris.  Not the hired talent at fault, not the workers on the end product - all falls onto the people at the top deciding to throw crap at a wall and see if it sticks.
Also I’m pretty sure Korg said he had a mom in ragnorock and now the species doesn’t make sense how the “rock babies” are made now
I'm sorry... Jenny McCarthy IS funny. And imho, she was the best thing about the movie. I sincerely mean it... and that's saying a lot about the movie as a whole.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Is it me or does it seem like this new generation of film makers didn't learn a dam thing from the previous generation. It's as if they believe as long as they believe in themselves they will get a trophy no matter what...humility, open mindeness, learning from elders be damned.
I love how both the new Thor and Dr. Strange introduce macguffins that could have stopped Thanos if anyone bothered to mention it earlier.
Your life is based off of watching HOLLYWOOD movies. Who gives af.
This movie did not suck it was absolutely fucking trash I can't believe they actually fucking produced this shit are you fucking kidding me this one was the worst movie ever made
Honestly I applaud anyone who watched the whole thing. I didn’t care to watch because of the criticisms but my husband wanted to ignore that and give it a shot because we’ll it’s Thor.  The opening scene with Gorr was great, it got my attention and thought “maybe everyone was wrong, this is so promising”. My god I couldn’t be more wrong.  The screaming goats were stupid as hell and that seems to be the ONLY meme fucking boomers understand, but DON’T understand  that was played out by 2017.  Random Natalie Portman for no reason, she hasn’t been relevant since the first movie and maybe a line how she broke his heart in the second. Also she just “awakens the hammer” because reasons (she has a puss and cancer boo boo) Then the LONG PAINFUL scene mentioned above with the play. Jesus I cringed and by the fight scene in the city I was bored and decided to do something more fun like work.
Love seeing your numbers grow.
It sucked because they had 2 agendas. 1 - action 2 - comedy. and they were unable to blend the 2.
She-Hulk, female Thor. I see the problem
Give Thor to the Russo brothers
Are we suppose to laugh that she's a fatter and uglier version of Hella? Doesn't that kinda go against Disney's woke ideology and basically...Well fat shame?
Stop snorting your AdHd Meds
was entertaining enough when I watched it, but after I left the theater hoping they wouldn't make the other Marvel movies in this same vein because it's something I wouldn't care to watch ever again
_Thor: Crud & Blunder_
Marvel has always sucked, except for a few.... with forced juvenile humor ruining any plot or tension
Disney/Marvel dropped the ball with a great cast and an even better comic book villain.
Taika Whyegotrippi
Most Marvel movies are pretty bad. He'll most block buster movies suck now a days.
I personally think that the random comedic show in Thor: Love and Thunder perfectly and very subtlety foreshadows how terrifically unfunny and terrible the entire movie will be
For the algorithm 👏👏👏🤙💪🤟🤓🥳😎
💯💯
At last! A geeky channel done with a Sco-ish accent!  I'll watch more.
When you're a writer, the goodest thing some-people-person can do is to criticize your work. Truelly though, it actually makes things better. That didnt appear to happen in this movie and it makes this film more like a secret noodle-session that you wish no one would see.
I hated love and thunder the whole movie was just trying to be funny and modern with a bunch of unnecessary things like sentient hammers, and they ruined some of the charecters
What disappointed me is the way that "love" is the way to defeat evil, are you a shounen anime "power of friendship" replacement? Even in anime, they have a consumable writing, this movie isn't!
Marvel is such fucking shit.
What I dont get is, in Endgame didn't thor get his mjolnir back from his past? When he and rocket went to Asgard?   He even had it when they fought thanos. What happened to that mjolnir??? Why is it not in this movie?
I don’t know what this guy is taking about Love and Thunder in my opinion is the best Thor movie besides Thor ragnorak he obviously doesn’t know what he is talking about
So glad I listened to my instincts and didn't watch this movie. Reviews echo my impression of what it was, a dazzling nothing burger!
pretty fun movie to me tbh
This is my reasoning for why I absolutely despise this film: Gorr the God Butcher was absolutely FUCKING wasted! Gorr the God Butcher is my most favourite villain in Marvel Comics for countless reasons why such as his kill count (which is something like one billion or so), he emotionally damaged Thor, and when three variants of Thor teamed up to try and defeat Gorr, Gorr defeated them with little to no effort. So you have a villain who’s one of the most powerfully unstoppable villains in Marvel. This version of Gorr though? WEAK AS FUCK!!! You could only imagine how furiously outraged I was to see a villain like Gorr get easily defeated by some orphaned fat boy who is also an absolute joke of a god and by some unworthy and quite frankly worthless bimbo dying from cancer! Gorr is known as the God Butcher for a reason! He’s murdered over one billion gods supposedly! But in this fucking waste of a film… he murdered only one god who very much deserved to die a worse way than Gorr killed him. JUST ONE FUCKING GOD!!! Sure we see on a screen in the Guardians of the Galaxy’s ship when the distress calls come in that we see Gorr has murdered thousands of gods. Well, why not fucking showing him do so?! What’s even worse is that I was seriously excited finding out Gorr was going to be portrayed by none other than Christian Bale who is perhaps the most talented actor out there and they just completely wasted his talent by giving him as little screen time as they could! FUCK this film
Nothing is as bad Rings of Power
Don't downplay it, that play scene in Ragnarok was pure gold. Matt Damon and brother Hemsworth were the icing on the cake.
I think I have a problem. I like the movie everybody's hate 😅😅
Man, they the choiceade was silly over HEROIC in a superhero film.  Ehhh...
The Goats were the best part of this movie.😆
Anyone else wish that Disney and marvel just left Loki dead like I know everyone misses him but he’s dead no need to bring him back but no Disney has to bring ‘Im back.
Perfect
Also Waititi doesn't have great ideas Ragnarok was just Planet Hulk done poorly.
🤡🤡🤡
Did this movie really make Thor more powerful than Zeus?
Thor movies in general have been among the weakest in the MCU (I'm not really counting horrors like miss marvel). Ragnarok's humor felt forced in a lot of places and the movie would have been better with less of it, as soon as I saw the trailer for love and thunder I knew the movie had nothing to offer to me.
I miss phase 3 of MCU😭
Mans blurred out Luffy's bounty poster. That's it i'm done
Haven't  seen the movie. Stopped watching Marvel/Disney ages ago.
Taika seem's to be kinda like the character he played in Freeguy IRL .
I don't know, can't a man make a bad movie once in his life?
I didn't watch the movie, but damn do you sound mean.
This reminds me of the movie Dawn of the Dead 2004 that Zack Snyder directed. The movie turned out to be a great zombie movie, but he had great team and writers working with him. Then fast forward to 2021 where he directed Army of the Dead where Snyder almost did everything including the story. Needless to say the movie turned out trash this time around.
They just keep shooting these MCU/StarWars movies out, I don't even know which is which anymore. It's all congealed together. Remember when Star Wars came out every 2-3 years or longer. And you savored it. Not every 6 months.
I wondered why they decided to go ultra-silly.  . .
Thank god "that's all you got for today" You go on and on about one scene for 10 minutes and say this is why the movie "sucked" You have no vision.
Lol . This is a comedian movie,never meant to be be an Avengers movie . 😉
For me, it was just distracting that every other scene had to be played for jokes.  Even very serious scenes that should have added gravity to the plot ended in some kind of joke, giving you the feeling that the characters never felt the situation was serious, so why should I care about them?  At least the soundtrack was good.
6:12 "... It is just actors putting out a show for the tourists..." Well, this sums up the whole phase four if you think about it. Sad, I hope it will not bee seen as some woke sht in years.
Nah I loved it.
The scene from Ragnarok also made sense because Loki himself directed it, in this film we see a scene that no one but the characters involved could see, which makes it lose even more sense. Dropped the film at the moment of "Hel's" appearance.  Not that I'm worried about non-existent characters, but in 20 minutes they managed to massacre the entire franchise by mocking the deaths of characters.
Plots are complicated.  Most Hollywood types are not deep enough to manage all the complications of story building.  On top of that, there are too many exterior concerns which sacrifice any hope of good writers making the cut.
I tried to watch this during the weekend. I lasted 40minutes. It was the most shocking movie I’ve seen. Very lazy writing. Bad comedy and clearly the film had no idea on what it wAs trying to be. Shocking. And yes the marvel universe is now dead. IMO.
It’s weird considering Taika Waititi made some of what I consider very good movies like Ragnarok and Jojo Rabbit (which might honestly be the best ww2 movie I’ve seen after if not a competitor to Schindler list)
You're trying to see too deep into what is most likely just another cocaine addict who caught a big head.
The original cut was 4 hours long? 😆
The thumbnail
I don't know about all that, but when I saw that female Thor in the trailer I completely lost interest in ever seeing it.
There were some episodes of "Mike & Molly" where Melissa was funny. Outside of that, no, not really. And what I mean is, the other roles I've seen her in, would've been just as funny with someone else. Some of her unscripted stuff is pretty good, so maybe writing is the issue? Probably not. I'm pretty damn funny unscripted now and then also. So, it could just be a random chance thing.
I wanted to watch this but I literally CANNOT bear the wear you talk. The way you end certain words of a sentence and dumbdown certain topics to the level of a child, it's unbearable. Your entire town is aggressive and spiteful too, which as a critic has a place but it's done in a way which is unsuccessful and just reads as purely bitter.
Literally the shittest take I've ever heard, it was already the cool option to rag on this movie before it was even available to watch. New take pls
Will you make a review for "Mr. Inbetween" in the future? The show is absolutely fantastic, but sadly almost nobody is talking about it...
1M views in a little over a day...
Once again, great review.  Like to plug your Ryan Drake series.  Great reads.  The story is easy to follow and the plot twists are mostly unexpected.  A lot of 'oh shit' moments. The character developments are great.  I actually have an emotion connection the characters.  Read two so far, I have Betrayal on the way.  Thanks for the work.
The choices for scenes in this movie were frustrating because the interesting bits were left out: Jane’s journey of being called to the hammer, how she developed the superhero in herself, etc., as well as the context of “love” that is the supposed theme of the film. Sooooo disappointing and a total waste of time, except as an example of what NOT to do
Melissa McCarthy is dreadful in every movie she has ever been in, she is cashing in on the success of a tv show, in which she wasn't the funny one, her husband/boyfriend was. The only reason I think she gets work is so movie studios can say they are putting in a fatty in a role, to make the PC crowd in the US happy. She is shite :/
the scene where everyone is freaking the  F out because their KIDS were abducted by mcu voldermort, was supposed to be the scene where gave a speech which showed how much of a veteran and mature man of war he is, but he made a comedy skit of thor looking like an idiot mumbling!! such a WASTE
About two months ago, I said to my girlfriend that I gave Waititimania three years max before everyone was sick of his schtick. Damn, guess I overshot that one…
The best part of this movie for me is Christian Bale everything else is very unwatchable bad!
*I really want to see, Odin, in that care home from Ragnarok* a LITERAL GOD.. at the end of his life, he’s conquered lands, overseen conquests, witnessed genocide and now he’s in a room with MORTALS who have seen the same things… imagine he was in there with a military veteran, maybe a holocaust survivor or a former priest.. I’m not joking they could’ve made the BEST MCU movie or series based on that premise.
Ever since infinity war and endgame peoples expectations for marvel have grown too high. If you go back to the first avenger films or the solo films you’ll see how sh*ty and dead the plot was. Thor’s new movie wasn’t great but it wasn’t bad either.
I'm amazed you still persevere with these turkeys.  Let's move on and review something different, new and amazing....oh wait. 🤣☹
I hate how the movie is always demeaning characters instead of doing them justice. Jane is never showed as a "good Thor" No. Thor is shown as a literal idiot and then we're casually told Jane is a good Thor. Thor doesn't outsmart Zeus, Zeus is a complete moron, underwhelming depiction that needs to be underwhelming so the idiot Thor looks good in comparison.
:( I like it more than Ragnarok 💔
I liked the film alot.
And why the f thor 5??? Enough?
Man i agree with you most of the time, but i think you are a little hard on Thor love and thunder, this is a good addition for couple of reasons.Thor in action and fun, Thor was boring and less liked super hero before ragnarock, but taika fixed it, now how do you go from there, opening itself sets up Thor , where his everyday is nothing because he has lived so many years, he always feels he has to find a purpose , and it makes you understand that and Thor cannot be some lonely sad guy who is trying to find his purpose, coz his life span is more than 1000 years obviously better thing to do is take it in a light or fun manner and move on, what else do you expect dude.setting thor for bigger adventures with out his old friends, now he can take on a bigger villains on his own. Progressing the character from losing all his loved ones , except Jane , Jane was left out , now he lost her as well ( a he cannot be with a human for long anyway) .Bringing back milnir, and another weapon , zeus's thunder  This might not be a great addition, but enjoyable , sure i like it .
Welp.....we finally got a Thor even worse than Thor dark world.........great 😃
I wonder what the drinker things of The last of us teaser trailer
The cinematography was very good but the director tried way too hard to be funny. It was also pretty boring. I'm worried about the Star Wars film he'll be directing!
The movie was crap. The end
Cristian Bale was, in my opinion, the only good thing in it
TLDW; Thor Ragnarok was Vince Russo in WWF with McMahon there to filter but Love & Thunder is Vince Russo in WCW free to do whatever no filter.
Thor has to be the weakest God in history
That movie was HORRIBLE!!!!!!
Taika did it to himself but I still feel kind of bad for the guy. He really is a good director. I hope he learns and improves from his mistakes.
The theater scene in Love & Thunder should’ve been in the end credits. It was absolutely not necessary in the movie. Should’ve given those 2 minutes to Christian Bale where we could’ve seen more of his character development.
Taika is with  Rita Ora not her 0:18
I know I am not alone in this but Christian bales character was completetly wasted on this movie, the rest is just a jumbled ghost busters 2016 wannabe.
And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.   (1 John 4:3)
Worst Thor.. so much a joke..
You what Galandriel and Hela have in common??? They first introduced to us by a supreme actor, and then they were served to us by the worst actors! Love you Cate Blanchett
My big takeaway is that there’s going to be a Thor 5. Just why? You damaged his character a bit in 3, destroyed it in Endgame, and now we have this garbage. Thor 5 may well be DC quality
Disney has been butchering the past marvel and star wars movies ...every single one has been garbage
I have to admit I had a few laughs while watching this movie but... it felt like a parody more than a real MCU movie, so I just treated it like a parody and enjoyed the ride.
I think the mistake was made is that he tried to re-create Ragnorak instead of making a different movie. This is a reason why sequels often bust, because you can't just simply re-create another movie with a different name: you need to make a different movie that continues the overarching storyline and characters.
Idk, I went with the whole company and everyone loved it. I guess the older you get the more you would care about the plot and what makes a good scene described in a book. Younger people just need it to be enjoyable and have a good time.
To juxtapose your 'scene reasons for being' here are some traditional Hollywood 'scenes with shitty reasons for being':   1) promoting the soundtrack. This is a scene you definitely want to include if you have a side hustle with a recording company. Have your characters attend a concert where the 'band' play a full song while the actors dance and cheer.   2) Promoting merch. The scene revolves around the merch which will be available on Walmart shelves before the movie is even released. Cute protagonist action figures are a guaranteed win. Baby Yoda, minions, etc etc.  3) Twitter points. Mary Sue kicks the patriarchy's ass for no better reason than we need to know Mary Sue is a strong, brave, independent woman. If she's black and a lesbian, even better. If she's a fat black lesbian, top marks. Knock it out of the park if she's a fat black androgynous asexual angry smug Mary Sue because that is Twitter points right there.  Did I miss any?
Didn’t realize Waititi’s personality was more or less the same as the role he played in Free Guy. Lol
Thor 4 was straight up childish. 🤦‍♂️
Taika Watiti is the Hideo Kojima of cinema. Creative guy, praised to high heavens but should not be let off the leash.
Can certainly see the difference between the two scenes.. However, I might be a bit slow as I never noticed it watching the movie. In the first scene at 4.52 on your video, I just noticed the LGBTQ-WTF in the background...FFS.
Funny how we can just tell a film is gonna be trash before it comes out these days...
I wish Taika knew we’d be done for all the insanity as long as the story worked. It’s not the insanity I had a problem with
#20 on Trending, nice job man!
Never seen the attraction to comic book movies..Kiddie 💩🤮
Yet the moronic actors did the horrible movie..Tells you all you need to know.
I was thinking that thumbnail must be fake, but no its from the movie.
Thor Ragnarok is definitely the last Marvel movie that I've enjoyed. Everything that I've seen afterwards has been pretty lame
It's sad the way Thor movies have gone. It started as reasonably serious with Kenneth Branagh's version. Anthony Hopkins played it serious as Odin. The only 'funny' scenes tended to be on earth and they were the weakest. So subsequent directors, particularly the most recent, tried to make it a laugh-fest. And failed miserably. I wonder what Chris Hemsworth really thinks about it, or perhaps he doesnt care given the huge paycheque. The fact he had to resort to nakedness perhaps says it all.
I feel sorry for the Drinker not having anything worthwhile to critique. His ramblings are most entertaining though ;)
Wait... how did they manage to move the bits and pieces of Mjolnir? (I haven't watched the movie so maybe it's explained)
The pantomime scene in Love & Thunder featured Melissa McCarthy as a villainess who doesn’t get booed.  That says it all for me.
Who invited Jabba the Hutt to stand in for Hella?
Brilliant analysis
Honestly that thumbnail alone was enough of an explanation...
I would love to hear your thoughts on an anime Cyberpunk : Edgerunners on Netflix.+
I'd also say that the theatre scene in Ragnarok successfully foreshadows Odin's own benevolent rewriting of malevolent Asgardian history that is revealed later in the plot.  Still, I hate that movie.
Its so weird. Because there’s many parts of this film that scream “amazing film” and then the rest of the humor, poor character writing and Chemistry, and exposition just ruin the movie.
I've just lost interest in Marvel films now, the last few were awful, Black widow, Eternals and Dr strange 2, now this I didn't bother going to the pictures to see it, time to kill them off.
Right on, Drinker. Waititi is not a writer. Why do we overpay and worship directors? It's gotten so bad that most Americans think directors write the story. James Cameron and Brian Singer do, but most do not. Yet writers struggle to make a living (except for the untalented fool David Koepp, who is rich from ruining good stories by inserting horrible annoying kids and cringey, vomitous divorce subplots into big films) while directors become multimillionaires and suddenly think they can act (Waititi in Free Guy, ugh) AND write (as seen here). The Russo Brothers are good directors too, but their stories and character arcs suck. Let's demote directors and 10x the pay of writers. Let's make writers famous. (How many good film writers can you name? Zero to one, right? See?)
Thor: Ragnarok might be my favorite Marvel movie. A perfect balance of comedy and action. It almost made me want to watch this new one, but the amount of disdain for it made me decide otherwise.
This was definitely one of the (maybe the absolute) worst movies I've ever seen in theatres. There was no continuity, nothing made any sense, they skipped all over the fucking place, the tone was off... the whole thing felt like a first year film student's term project.
The thumbnail is the most cursed thing I have ever seen in my life
I dunno... Melissa McCarthy was pretty funny in Bridesmaids (hey, you asked if she was EVER funny, so 11 years ago, Yes, there was a chuckle or two)....anyway, this movie blew, big time.
The whole M-shit-U stuff has always been only bastardization and cultural approppriation of nordic mythology anyway.
Check us out for cute frenchies  https://frenchbulldogsforsale.company.site/
I think it was supposed to be bad. Taika Waititi is talented, his other movies are good. This was so terrible it felt almost like… a parody of the marvel universe. The whole movie must have been a parody there is no other logical solution. The children stuff? The idiotic jokes? Let’s be real the mcc is falling apart rapidly (doctor strange and the universe of madness). The over saturation, bad jokes, weird effects, weird plot that doesn’t go anywhere. It feels like Marvel was always ready for 3 phases and not a single movie later. I want to believe that waititi wanted to make a joke out of the mcu and get Disney to cancel his contract or something.
It’s the same as Star Trek; it’s all failing because it’s all become woke.
This movie was the final nail in the coffin for me. Marvel is dead.
It looks like a Muppet show special. A bit cringe, not canon, and doesn't move anything on
I didn't even finish watching it.
Critical Drinker; "Why Thor: Love and Thunder Sucked" *Too many females and a gay reference with Korg*   Broken record this guy is.
Why is this on my suggestions, I don't like people like you
Disappointing. As in all things, having someone to offer a second opinion and listening to such voices can only be a good thing. The overconfidence cognitive bias at its best.
It all adds up when I see Taika in Green Lantern…
8:18 Actually yes. She was pretty funny in Gilmore Girls, when she wasn't constantly trying to be funny. She was a nicely written character who loved to cook, dropping witty remarks, and being a good friend to one of the leads. Also she wasn't being over the top, but a more down to earth character. I even thought she was kind of cute back then. Now though, she's just obnoxious in everything she appears in.
*sigh* Yet another S-tier storyline bastardized by Hollywood. The Phoenix saga ---> X3 and Dark Phoenix, House of M ---> Wandavision, X-men: Apocalypse, and now God-Butcher ---> Thor: Love and Thunder  😡😡😡  Now that they've been made, and were not recieved well, the chances of us getting those storylines faithfully adapted to movie form are basically 0%  Thanks for not having faith in the IP that you bought, Hollywood - now, the only thing you've made is trash and no one is happy.  Great business practices there👍
what really worries me is the fact that Taika is about to direct the next Star Wars installment. I guess Star Wars will never become good under Disney...
Day 2 of trying to get The Drinker to watch Cyberpunk: Edgerunners
First Thor movie I never even thought about watching.
I wonder if he takes the blood from the copy cat Wolverine from old man Logan and injects it into the body in the grave. I’m so hyped!!!
With the current state of inflation rising faster than salaries can handle, the pound crashing, interest rates rising, energy prices increasing, food prices increasing, and now winter on the horizon……. …..I just don’t the time or energy left to care about this crap anymore.  Let it die.  There are YouTube videos more entertaining than the movies that they’re discussing.   Top Gun Maverick was great but movies cannot and will not be made like that anymore except maybe once every 10 years or so if the stars align.
Are you fucking kidding? I loved that movie - not the story, but it entertained me - and to complain about the CGI is just ridiculous.
Why is Thor’s brother not as famous? Because he’s rather low-key!
This movie turns me off,l will never watch thor movie again 😡😡😡
Quite possibly the worst movie inthe MCU.
Because it was childish 🌹
Thor 4 was so fucking frustrating. Every single element, plot device, character development, scene … could have worked … but none actually did. What a waste. Rusty’s talent especially was under utilised.
Taika is overrated and I've been saying that for a few years. Personally I didn't really enjoy Jo jo Rabbit. I thought it was all forced too much.
I liked neither of these movies. In my opinion Taika is an incompetent fool and all of his movies stink and are just plain annoying. Ragnarok was basically "girl beats up Thor" porn from start to finish and ended with the destruction of Asgard. F that noise. Fite me.
The most outrageous thing is how most media outlets gave 5 stars to this peice of shit. They even call this "the best thor movie ever".
It was so shit, my son and I watched about half and didn’t bother to finish it. Awful writing, abysmal cgi, weird editing, too many guns and roses songs, amateurish acting. This could’ve been great, love and thunder and moon knight are the only things I’ve seen from after endgame and I can’t say I’m impressed. I think I’ll do something else with my time. Shite
Thsi was a great analysis! I've included it in our playlist about the Thor movie: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaw1AvW-4M2--_mnLMsdqcOzxxOUlQlEF
aye I liked this one better than the previous one, it had one of the coolest villains
Absolutely. It feels like you could do this with most scenes from Ragnarok and Love and Thunder. Waititi needs to work with people down to Earth. Someone like Nolan needs far less oversight.  Also, instead of McCarthy, a serious actress would have been much funnier and unexpected. Perhaps another Aussie to match up with Blanchette.
Ragnarok was awful IMO. forced humor turned up to the max. Terrible writing and boring plot. Same with Deadpool. Both so overhyped it's criminal
do better call Saul
Drinker pls watch & review cyberpunk 👑
Marvel just need to give all this crap a rest for a few years now.
If Taika wants to be so innovative, why did he copied the scene of the last movie? It seems like is that hollywood formula: If it was funny the first time, they will repeat until it isn’t.
so glad the infatuation with Taika is over. He's that twat at the party - good fun for a couple of minutes then just annoying, and not getting the hints to calm down and shut up
The difference between Thor 3 and 4 is Carl Urban. Easy.
Someone's a little butt hurt, you don't like it.. cool. Go do it better.
This is Taika trying so hard to sell New Zealands humour, and as a Kiwi, he's NOT funny at any given moment and has serious ego problems, nobody even likes him in NZ
New word: BASTARDISED 🤣🤣🤣
It's a thought on what's happening in Hollywood
Shit I fell asleep with this movie
Ive yet to see this movie, marvel movies have gotten very disappointing. My last straw was the god awful dr strange 2. I gave up with something I tought was going to be very good
Hate them now, praise it later… very original content.
I didn't even watch it, Im done watching marvel f*cking analling nordic mythology. They're so disrespectful, I think they have started to believe that they actually own nordic mythology and that they aren't actually borrowing something from a culture
I loved the first Thor movie. And the second one is not as bad as everyone remembers. Ragnarock is decent but about as far as that drama/humor balance should ever go. Waititi should never be let back on the Thor set though.
Taika is the kind of guy that would wear flannel pajamas into a welding shop if he was allowed to.
By the way drinker. You're #15 on trending.
Have you watched the last of us series Trailer???
I didn't liked either. Watched it in July and the story isn't good at all. Bad writing.
MCU is crying for Rusoe brothers.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.      !
Do most villains look like Voldemort these days?  You sir, are a Scottish National Treasure.
Letting a director write a screenplay from scratch is like letting a professional basketball player play major league baseball. I mean, how silly would that be, right?
The problem with Hollywood is they sit in their little bubbles and are out of touch with regular people. It’s the inherent byproduct of group think
Tbh, the funniest parts in the movie were the ones with the goats.
Jeezz that was a destructive review.
This movie portrayed Thor as a bitch ,horrible movie to watch
I loved this format. I hope you get around to Ted Lasso at some point and let us know how you feel. It definitely has “messages” but they never feel forced or contrived. It’s great writing and uncommonly optimistic. It made me believe in TV again. Thanks again for the video!
I swear Taika is trying to be a Tim Burton and failing. After all Tim made wonderful worlds, directed films with crazy plots but all memorable in good ways and yes included some comedic elements HOWEVER he knew his limits. Taika? Not so much
I remember a certain director who recieved rave reviews for a Movie called The Deer Hunter. His next movie was not so great a success. Kind of the same thing happening here.
You can tear it apart but I enjoyed it and that’s all that matters.
Critical Drinker I know you do not watch a lot of anime but check out Demon Slayer. I really want to see your opinion.
Hey can you do a review on cyberpunk edgerunners
Haven't watched it😁 ain't gonna waste time on this shite😂
is it me or has anyone else noticed that Disney has been releasing cheesy streaming crap lately and that cheesiness has made it into love and thunder?  I was really disappointed in each short Star Wars series.  Black Widow wasnt as good as i hoped. No way i was gonna pay good money to see Love and War.  seems Disney and Marvel are going down hill in quality.  Disney needs to stick with Pixar and come out with something fresh and new.
I feel the exact same way about Jordan Peele. Us was an absolute cluster fuck of ideas with zero sense put in
👍
This movie did to Thor what Batman and Robin did to Batman.
Who would have scripted the Love & Thunder play?  Obviously Loki wrote the one in Ragnarok, but...  Yeah...  He was KINDA dead by the time he would have been around the Asgardian Amateur Drama Society...
What a waste of Gorr. I wish Disney would allow an actual serious adult Marvel movie once in awhile.
Do a “The Drinker Fixes” on this movie please!!!!???? Loved what you did for Dr Strange ❤
You're on the trending list!!! Holy crap, congrats drinker!
I wish Melissa Mccarthy would just...go away now
I think almost all recent movies suck, but I thought this one was ok. I felt like I was watching a comic book. Just fun and silly
Fun Fact: Before he was the lovable scoundrel "the critical drinker" did u know that Will Jordan co-authored a thriller novel with James Patterson.
Fatty McCarthy is about as funny as Porky Schumer.
What I watched of this movie made me think they  killed Thor. I'll see him in the old comics of mine they can't change them....
I wish that Producers and Writers and Taika would see this.
I'd like to see the Drinker try to Fix "Love & Thunder"*  to give the dramatic moments the weight they need and to provide insight into the characters' mindsets ( how did Jane get cancer, and how she's been dealing with it, and show Gorr the God-Butcher go out and butcher more gods, thus showing him to be a threat (just like the comics arc this movie adapted!)), and some more changes (like give the Guardians of the Galaxy more to do, and have Black Panther's Bast and Moon Knight's Khonshu speak up about what the gods should do). I saw the movie, thought it was just fine, could have been better. I saw some parts of a truly MIGHTY movie under all the rest of it.  ^Drinker mostly "fixed" movies made by studios owned by Disney, you guys notice that? Is anything from Warner Brothers too much of a challenge?
i seriously completely forgot i saw this pile of sh!t. movie. never getting that time back😿😭😭
I'm a bit conflicted on this movie.  I thought it could be awful.  It wasn't, but Christian Bale was only used a little, and I have to wonder what was on the cutting room floor?  Taika's scheduled to be handling numerous movies, some at the same time.   Did he just delegate the editing of a $250 Million movie?  HE seemed surprised by the editing down to 2 hours from 4 hours of raw footage.  Or was it the edits that salvaged the movie?   I truly don't know.   I would have been happier with a 2 1/2 hour movie.
In this video we're going to compare poop with a more potent smelly variety of poop. See how both stink but one stinks less and so logically the other stinks more 🤓
Marvel has been terrible for 7 years..and honestly was never that good to begin with..sorry not sorry for telling the truth.
Drinker, you need to watch Cyberpunk Edgerunners and review it for us! Has some Arcane vibes going on
This movie fucking sucked .
I liked love and thunder.
Yeah Phase 4 has been lackluster. The only great movie was Spider-Man No Way Home. Then Ryan Reynolds put a viral announcement on Twitter about Deadpool 3.
This is exactly why I hate Monty python’s search for the holy grail. The knights who say ni! Do nothing to advance the plot, build the characters, or world build because they don’t exist in arthurian legend. Absolute trash.
Movie makers are stupid enough to to try to get woke losers to go all woke watch it online on pirated sites
Eagerly awaiting your take on the falsification of history in the name of woke that is "Woman King" Like a kid on Christmas eve
As soon as he rode on that axe like wicked witch I knew it was done.
Until this movie Tanya Robert's Sheena was the worst flick I've wasted time on.
This movie was a fucking masterpiece! All future marvel movies should take note.
$760 MILLION GRO$$.  *There Was A Time (*Incidentally FAV Guns N' Roses🎵) film could make such $ a DREAM; who'd imagine it'd be a NIGHTMARE?
Melissa McCarthy is absolutely, positively not funny at all. I don't get it. She's not funny. And that she drags her mostly talentless husband along with her in every movie she makes is also not funny or good.
I remember waiting for this movie for sooo long and then when it got to the new Matt Damon skit, I knew then and there the movie was gonna suck.
I have to agree with the assessment of Taika in this review, since he is a funny man, but the scope of this project was way beyond his abilities, and Disney if they had any brains at all would have realized that.  But I truthfully think they want to kill this part of the universe like they did with the Avengers.
In terms of directing, Tika is very good. As far as writing; I didn't care for "what we do in the shadows or Jojo Rabit". His tendancy to make everything into a joke just makes the movie campy and boring.
CD. You really shouldn't keep those emotions bottled up. Let it out.
Spot on drinker once again! Thanks for your insight and expertise.
Really miss old quirky kiwi Taika comedies. Since his Oscar he seems to have lost his way, proof the biggest prize in movie industry can also be a curse...
I think it's about time you do a piece on House of the Dragon...  Just saying...
How the hell did zeus die that easily by his own weapon. 😅
Am I the only who thought it was weird and stupid that Thor's weapons are sentient beings now?
Saw this coming from a mile away. The whole MCU is a boiling train wreck
1.They did the "play acting story retelling" gag AGAIN  2. Mjolnir and Storm Breaker suddenly are alive and have feelings   3. The relationship with Thor and his wespons gag isn't funny, it's cringy
Hey drinker if you ever get a chance can you go back and review the newer seasons of cobra Kai. Despite the acting I think it’s one of the best shows to demonstrate good story telling and project passion kinda like the top gun 2 of shows if that comparison makes sense since it respects its history while developing new situations quite well
Cyberpunk edge runner… do it.
Thumbnail was just a perfect explanation of the movie mood. Why it sucks. Why Hollywood sucks. Why we should extinct like dinosaurs. Honestly we have reach the highest level as human species. Culturally, artistically, socially and politically. It’s a downhill from now on guys. But hey! At least let us be like the music band that plays at the Titanic. (But with booze!) cheers guys
This review was just as bad as the movie. You talked about one scene the whole time lol wtf.
Go woke become broke
Marvel - woke - end
Korg is the Jar Jar Binks of the MCU.
i like the video, but i don’t get the point of.. explaining what a scene is and their purpose? just seems like an attempt to make the video longer than the like 5 minutes it would be otherwise
Disney bought Marvel.  It was a good run, but it's over now.  So long Marvel, we'll miss you.
Drinker, this struck a chord with me. Why does Roadhouse for God’s sake do a better job in four categories you mentioned than 80% of the stuff that comes out now? Please stop and reflect on this…
Woke ruin everything
this movie was fun, y’all need to chill 🥱🤭
The play is also a prime example for me why I hated Ragnarok. It took nothing seriously and all the characters don't match what came before. For god's sale Deadpool treated a tragic death with the proper seriousness the character deserved. People had their homes destroyed and Taika refused to let the moment sink in before he came up with some inane joke about it.
7:29 I mean 90% of thors(the marvel character) mythology comes from marvel comics and what we see in the movies was established WELL before Disney's acquisition. Not to mention "Norse Mythology" is at best partially made up to at worst mostly made up considering the religion people worshipped in Scandinavia wasn't some strictly codified theology. No one wrote anything down; we only know what was passed down orally from person to person. This coupled with the less than peaceful Christianization of the Scandinavian region makes it so that what we know today is at best cobbled together.   Honestly, I clicked this video to hear why the movie sucked(because it does) I wasn't expecting a 10-minute video about a scene that barely lasts a couple minutes and is at best/worst a short call back. Had this movie been a success no one would be talking about this scene because it could be explained away as world-building or just a quick funny scene with cameos. I don't think it's fair or makes sense to use this one PURPOSEFULLY purely comedic scene as an example of why this terrible movie is terrible. Directors are allowed to have their own creative styles and Taika simply maintaining his is not a fair knock against him.   That said I do dislike this movie and funny enough I also dislike Thor Ragnarok. After Hulk, Thor is the most poorly handled character in the MCU, and Taika's creative direction was ALWAYS going to clash poorly with a character and story like Thor.
That was nice. Some very good analysis that I never considered.
When are the studios going to stop making these juvenile mindless movies! Are we so dissatisfied with our lives these days that this type of crap is our only way out…
Me and my wife started watching this movie, 10 min later she is like F this sh&t and walked away
I've been claiming that Thor: Ragnarok was also a shitty, embarassing, nonsensical production from a hack of a director since it came out; the only reason people liked it was because it was funny and put Thor under a new, colorful light after his more grim and boring roles in Dark World and Age of Ultron. I expected Love & Thunder to be exactly the same and that's why I haven't gone to see it at release. I'm glad I did, since everyone who talks about it seems to share the same thought: I'm actually more surprised that the audience recognized it than by the movie being shit! From this video, I feel vindicated, because I also blamed Waititi for everything that went wrong with Thor's franchise: his movies do feel like the product of a child with ADHD, who doesn't care about making a coherent screenplay, just making people laugh at every turn and ending EVERY. FUCKING. SCENE scene with a childish, sometime even nonsensical jokes (the god of thunder getting tasered 7 times?), no matter the tone. It's nice to see people opening their eyes about him, just wish people realized it sooner; this disgrace (and other, like Thor in Endgame) could have been avoided.
That's the gamble we all have in life. You could get the most beautiful woman in the world to suck you off and the first time its great, the second time by the same woman could be just crap.  That's the same gamble Hollywood has with all productions and directors.  I think TLAT was overambitious and failed to see certain edits to make the movie work. That's just a sloppy blowjob, some like it some don't.
I just watch this movie and I didn't felt anything by the end. No anger, no laughter, just nothing, absolutely nothing.  So yeah, pretty disappointing movie.
This guy talks with his teeth unseparated
Never talk about the daily frequency assault on everyone. Never discuss it. Talk about surface level problems and distractions. We're not being microwaved and sprayed with poison every day. No no no. Focus on everything else. Good. Good
I just love seeing people that already earn way more than any person should for acting having way too much fun doing so. To top it off the actual product is shit.
From your teaching I will write better movies then this hollywood crap in your honor
The first Thor movie was really fun, I enjoyed it a lot. The second wasn't half as good; after that, they fell off a cliff into the depths. Tonight I think I'll watch the first movie again, and thanks Drinker, for letting me know there's no point in going after the others!
https://youtu.be/LjtqPFdMVVo😮
The critical drinker convinced Thor to screw around behind my back.
So ... is the movie a 4 barfs out of 5 OR is it the full hose spray ?
Thor 3 would have been really really good if it had way less humor.. and a different fn valkyrie.. not this emotionless nobody chic. Stupid reskin too.
1 treats the audience as smart people who'll get it if you let them. 2 beats them over the head with a big squeaky mallet with the idea in big bright letters on the side all while bellowing *"LOOK AT THE FUNNY FUNNY!"* in their ears.
I think people forget that this movie is being told by Korg.
The more Disney squeezes the Marvel fruit, the lower the quality will get. Scary part? We’re not at the dry core.  Or are we…
The only movie and series I can remember Melissa being funny, is of course Gilmore Girls. That one movie where she plays a spy was kinda funny too, but apparently not memorable enough for me to remember the title 😬
I still wonder if I'm missing out by not watching things you guys say are bad.
YES!!! DRINKER'S CINIMA SCHOOL!!!  :-)   PLEASE   DO   ANOTHER   VIDEO   ON     W H A T   M A K E S    A   G O O D   S C E N E!   With scenes form other popular films.   This was a great breakdown of what a scene should accomplish.   Please do more videos on educating people as to what goes into a scene/film/plot/etc.  If more Writers, Directors, and Executives were educated on what exactly goes into a good script/scene/film, then we would start to get better films/tv shows.  You could even start an    O N L I N E   C O U R S E    - I'd attend.  OR you could start another   WEEKLY  SEGMENT   of covering these types of topics. THANK YOU for doing this video.
It was by far the worst Marvel movie I’ve ever seen. And at least top 15 worst of any movie.
Ragnarok is one of my favourite marvel films.
I love Thor Love and Thunder because it's like it was made by a hyperactive 12 year old and I think its hilarious that they hired Taika to direct this even though he clearly doesn't give a f*ck about Marvel and superheroes.
Should adults be complaining about comic book films?  These are designed for children and if you're an adult watching this you're watching a film designed for children.
These are children's films marketed to emotionally stunted adults. What. Do. You. Expect?!?
At this point I'm pretty sure Hollyweirdos are trying to destroy all the characters played by Cate Blanchett in the past.
Dam Drinker 1.3 million views in 1 Day 🤯 G4 Gonna be trying to hire you.
I'm still wondering why everyone can hold stormbreaker. When it was introduced didn't thor say it drives unworthy people mad? Was he just bluffing or something?
Taika Waititi: A modern-day George Lucas
"...and thats why he hasnt been called back for Thor 5"...they're...they're not gonna make a fifth one are they????
Disney screwed up marvel
I actually interpret this story as the narration of Korg, and as he didn't knew all the facts, he just invented parts of the story to fit this narative.. as this it actually makes more sense... not a good movie, by all means, but at least not a terrible one if you whatch it from that point of view
I... f'ing... HATE... Tessa Thompson... she has only one and the same smug expression on her visage and she ruins anything she is in...
Oh.. thank F*** for that....... I watched it and thought WTF is this garbage, how was it made... but all the reviewers say its great, so i thought i was being over critical...
We already kenw Loki was odin from end of Dark World. Didnt need to know it was him from small hint of the play. It was basically a joke, loki making fun of thor and a minor recap of last movie's events.
You are right about the way they treat Norris Mythology, and that is what has me worried about Zeus and Herakles (Hercules). In reality the fight between Zeus and Thor would have been epic, but it was cheesy, lame, and underwhelming. I don't think I need to go into details about why the fight sucked, but if I do let me know.
It’s the classic disappointing comedy, always a shame when those happen.   Makes me realize how lucky we all are that Deadpool 2 worked out as good as it did.
Taika comes off as an unlikable douchebag since Thor 3 came out.
Yup. My wife and are both in agreement, this was one of the worst movies we've seen in many years.
Because it tries to convince us that a 45 year old soccer mom is a warrior that can fight with 6’3 230 lbs men.  Enough with the nonsense
When the big new weapon was the most basic lightning bolt image I laughed in the theatre.   And somehow they didn’t want to make that a joke.
You seem to fail to notice that Taika was forced into doing this movie by his contracts and phoned it in on purpose
3:00 Wait? That was Matt Damon? I only saw it once and didn't realize it was him.
Interesting point about how Disney treats Nordic culture and Norse mythology.
The only thing i didnt like is Christian Bale custumes looks like a rag, they could have make his custume better.....
It was fun, it was stupid fun, but it was fun. 🤪
Watch cyberpunk edgerunners
Thor love and thunder was the first marvel movie I've ever seen and the first couple minutes had me thinking I need to watch all of them! Then the rest of the movie happened.
Thor 4 proves Marvel doesn’t care about making great films.
Because 90% of action/sci fi movies where women are given lead roles or large screen time are flops! But todays western men effeminated by the toxic feminism arising from there won’t accept the truth or dare say it inthe open!
Funny thing is, I didn't like Ragnarok. For me it came as too childish and whimsical.  I haven't watched Love and Thunder but I tremble at the thought of being even worse than that.
It sucked because they pushed the anti straight male narrative. Created a female Thor for example, wich is entirely unheard of. It's a abomination to even create such a character in his name.
My favorite thing in the first example is when Damon Loki is apologizing for the time he turned Thor into a frog. Luke Thor says it was funny. Loki as Odin laughs saying it was indeed.
I like Thor Love and Thunder. This is Korg point of view thats why it’s more goofy
"here's the deal with Taika Waititi* meanwhile ignores everything else he's done.   Not that this was good, but make sense
Sounds like not many people like him aye 😂
Stay off my feed all ready blocked, dumb videos wasting my data.
I hate Taika because of this movie... But I loved Ragnarok.
Sooooo… this is the Ghostbusters 2 of Thor movies?
Why Thor Love and Thunder was awesome: screaming goats.
The script was made by people that clearly wanted to destroy the characters.  The people that financed the movie should go after them for obvious sabotage.
So, basically, this was made by movie Peter Molyneux.
I just watched it. Terrible. There was just nothing good there.
Gorr in the comics is more lethal than this kiddie form.
3:37    THE MESSAGE
Taiki’s quality I’ve noticed has been lacking lately. While he had an excellent run with Ragnarok, Jojo Rabbit, and even What we do in the shadows these past year he’s really missed the mark on what made his movies so special. It wasn’t just the jokes. If the whole movie is non stop quips it loses its funny factor really fast. It’s the deep delves into characters and the emotion he packed into scenes that truly made his projects special. I chalk it up to Disney absolutely destroying whatever creative geniuses they’re handed. From JJ Abrams to Lin Manuel Miranda and now Taiki they take these brilliant minds and make them nothing more than cash grab directors or musicians.
Somehow Palpatine returned
Broaden your horizon Drinker Watch Cyberpunk Edgerunners you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!
I get that Thor love and thunder wasn’t the best movie, but you sound like whiniest marvel fan boy I’ve ever heard.
he doesn't get it
Im having a hard time figuring out how anyone is still watching these movies. Takes a real smooth brain to watch this, enjoy the horrible looking CGI (because they shit these movies out left and right and probably dont spend a lick of time trying to get good CGI), the horrible stories and themes (which are the same in every single movie they release, if youve seen one, youve seen all of them), and just the overall corniness of it. Its like they saw the success Deadpool had with its dark humor, and decided they needed to emulate that in every movie they release. They're god awful. But yet everyone flocks to the theaters knowing theyre about to watch the same movie as the last 20 times they went to the theater in the last two years just to see these titles. It makes no sense to me. Marvel sucks ass lol
Seems a similar downfall to wonder woman 1984.
The scene in Love & Thunder doesn’t make sense to even exist, Loki commissioned the scene in Ragnarok. Loki & Odin are dead in L&T, only other person that was there was Thor (Hela turned up after, but is also dead…). Who told the actors what happened? Thor whilst getting fat in the blip? Why? Why would he want that? Make his fathers death a joke? Doesn’t really make sense!
He looks and acts like an arrogant teenager! [def] Wallowing in self perceived achievement!
The Love & Thunder theater scene fails as well because Odin is actually dead. Turning one of the more emotional moments of Thor’s character arc into a joke.
How Disney treats the ancestral religion of the Norse, not how Disney treats Norse mythology. That “mythology” you speak of was as true and real to Northern Europeans as Christianity, Judaism, Islam, or atheism is to the modern folk.
My problem with this movie was just how it couldn’t decide if it was funny or serious for the whole movie. The switches were sharp and aggressive and didn’t fit at all.
Excellent!!!!! And thank you. I learned something about movie-making I didn't realize, but , of which you explained very clearly. I appreciate that lesson! I go to movies to enjoy. I haven't enjoyed much these last few years. You explained perfectly, why I don't. Invaluable!
Brilliantly said.  Plus Taika seems to forget,  the same joke rarely works twice.
Unrelated: but I hate how marvel bastardizes norse mythology. Like, I get it, creative interpretation, But like bro- nothing is accurate except thor being odin’s son.   Still enjoy ragnarok though.
why did taikas one piece t shirt get blurred out?
Everyone opened up their holster and swallowed a slab of meat. That's why it sukd.
That scene reminds viewers of prior events. Not everyone saw Thor: Ragnarok, and some might have forgotten it. I really liked T:L&T.
Only reason Melissa McCarthy is in Hollywood is cause she’s fat and lets writers use that for comedy
I personally hated the scene with Loki. More so how the teaser ended with Loki pretending to be Odin while sitting on the throne. That would not at all be Loki's way. He'd want all the glory but they did a horrible job even setting it up considering Thor was still around. They needed to skirt Loki tragically destroying Asgard because he was so gosh darn well loved they even went out of their way to come up with a reason to bring him back. I get it Hiddleston is a beast but everything is just so cheap when it comes to Thor movies or shows I just don't even care.
I doubt the intent was to make a ground breaking film here. It was entertaining, it was funny, people enjoyed it.
I tollay disagree, the movie is greath.
I don’t think the movie sucked. It was genuinely entertaining. Had screaming goats. And classic rock. It was stupid and over the top.
I was so glad that a woman saved they day at the end of the movie and let's not get started about the children. God I wish I could forget this movie so I don't have to watch it.
Everybody. Watch the movie without sound and you will see that it's the dialogue that sucks NOT the movie. Nuff said.
Makes sense why there were a few great moments in the movie, and then the next scene would be full on stupidity. And I honestly watched this hoping it wasn't as terrible as many were saying but I will never watch this movie again. Taika, you suck.
I know on this channel you typically do movies however if you want truly went well written work you should read the Manga berserk. I believe you would think it's one of the most well-developed interesting stories that has ever been told.
I really liked Thor love and thunder!! I just...don't like cancer and death
I had fun watching this and am a huge fan of Taika. Maybe because I'm not looking for things wrong with it? idk. But I think we all forget sometimes that these comics and the movies are to entertain our kids first. My 8 yr old loved it. I had fun experiencing it with him.
Ragnarok foretold what happen with society. Patriarchy dies .
I didn’t think it was completely terrible to be honest. There were some moments that I enjoyed. But he was trying to recapture Ragnarok, and missed the mark completely. Part of that is because the entire movie is told from the perspective of Korg. at least that’s how I took it. That’s why the tone was so off. It’s basically Korg retelling the story instead of us all experiencing it as it happened. And while his humor was good for Ragnarok, the way they chose to do love and thunder just wasn’t as good. But I don’t think it was ever going to be. Trying to replicate the magic of something people enjoy often fails.
I didn’t think it was completely terrible to be honest. There were some moments that I enjoyed. But he was trying to recapture Ragnarok, and missed the mark completely. Part of that is because the entire movie is told from the perspective of Korg. at least that’s how I took it. That’s why the tone was so off. It’s basically chord retelling the story instead of us all experiencing it as it happened. And while his humor was good for Ragnarok, the way they chose to do love and thunder just wasn’t as good. But I don’t think it was ever going to be. Trying to replicate the magic of something people enjoy often fails.
Disney spending a 1/4 of a billion dollars on this dumpsterfire is crazy
My same comment, who the hell see these movies ?? They are just terrible and written for very young kids !
What the heck happened to the cgi?
No one said it was great. We're saying that Phase 4 sucks so bad that that it makes Thor 4 look good.
Totally agree w/your commentary, but your voice has the same monotonous tone that goes UP then goes DOWN then goes  UP then goes DOWN and .......zzzzzzzzzz.
The director needs to be blacklisted he made this movie for himself n his ego
Completely disagree. Was awesome.
Seems a little strange to take an evidence based approach to comparing the two movies and then including the rhetorical question "Was Melissa McCarthy ever funny at anything?" that is just window dressing for your subjective opinion. Evidently she has been funny otherwise she would not have achieved the level of fame that she's achieved.  You could very easily take an evidence based approach to investigating why she's grown in notoriety and fame over time.
I agree with this but you miss one key point. Thor love and thunder spent the entire time making it’s jokes, largely, at the expense of Thor. Your main character needs to fit into the dang story as more than the common butt of all the jokes
I did not know your channel was this popular
Agree
This was just great. Thanks drinker.
#8 on trending. I love you. Skol!
Drinker you fabulously, handsome, and drunk bastard have you seen the deleted scene of Love and Thunder where Zues and Thor talk and is much more deep and impactful?
Melissa McCarthy has NEVER been funny, ever.
Sems the simple marvel humor cant carry the brand for all eternity.
#ReleaseTheWaikikiCut JK. Watched Thor 4 yesterday and this was the first MCU movie I saw where I literally got angry at how bad it was. They clearly have 0 respect for any of its own material or previous lore, or Thor as a character. Please just leave Thor alone or change everyone involved with this.
The movie was great for kids but not great following the way the first movies were done. I was most irritated by the way the weapons were portrayed as having personalities. So stupid.
Drinking critically is harder than it sounds but is worthwhile
Please watch the CyberPunk Anime.
Taka Hooki or whatever his name was, says that his goal is to make different genres of movies. He's not focused on doing a Thor movie, or even an MCU movie, he just figured that he wanted to do a "romance" movie this time around. He said that next he wants to do a roadmovie. Which means that if he gets to do a Thor 5, its gonna be Thor Eurotrip or something. He also did say that "I want the movie to seem like a 10 year old had a bunch of ideas and we said yes to all of them", which clearly shows.  Yeah you would think it was a big joke.... and it is... but its also true.  Please get rid of him before he does Thor A Handmaidens Tale or something.
After watching Loki I thought Thor 4 will be amazing, but all we got was a kids movie
https://youtube.com/shorts/ewN65kmtuYY?feature=share
All films from comics suck. Terrible films wasting your precious short life
Please make a review about The Umbrella Academy!
Hey drinker, I’m sure it’s already on the roster but are you gonna make a video on the woman king? I’ll admit I expected a heap of shit after seeing the ads but I was pleasantly surprised by it. I figured it would be a usual “men bad and dumb women perfect and good” movie but they portrayed the men as an equal threat, and had a pretty decent story. Also I’m by no means a critic but I went in blind and ended up liking it, no woke stuff or censoring history they showed slavery and cruelty in full effect, just wanted to hear your thoughts on it, keep it up dude I love your channel!
Lol
I disagree. This was a great movie.
#MahsaAmini
#MahsaAmini be our voice.
For God so loved the world, That He have His only begotten son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
Most obvious filling for time I've ever seen on youtube, mans really defined the word scene.
I guess people really forgot when Taika said, _"I'll ruin your mythos in a minute, baby."_
I'm so glad I didn't waste my time watching this steaming pile of crap!
this move is by far the worst movie from mcu yet
Creativity always has to be reigned-in by something be it finances, morals, or even some self-imposed limitation. Without limits, what you get has no coherence and it winds up being bloated. Futurama is a good example of this, I think. The first seasons on FOX were hilarious and smart with the writers always having to bump up against the limitations put on them by broadcast standards and practices and the FCC; the seasons on Comedy Central lacked any real focus, chased pop culture trends that now make a show about a fantastical future seem dated, and by-and-large just weren't funny or at least no where near as funny as the original run. Creativity always works best when it must be used to create the best product under limitations.
You can tell Taika's theater scene was bad when he has "Melissa McCarthy" of all people in it. A total downgrade from Matt Damon.
"that's why he hasn't been asked back for Thor 5"  Are they really gonna have a Thor 5? What more can they do to humiliate this character? They gonna put him in a wheelchair for 120 minutes?
Love & Thunder had a number of scenes that felt random, but overall, I was entertained and that's all that really matters.
i thought the theater play scene was an allegory for people that still think that superhero "cinematic multimedia" is good film
Very common with most sequel movies these days, these scenes were good from the first so let's, to quote the drinker, "copy & paste" and fit the rest around that.
THIS IS IThttps://youtu.be/Zt1jzovbtew
Yo Drinker! Think you could review Barbarian? Curious to hear your thoughts
This reminds me of Hemingway's take that every sentence needs to either advance the plot or reveal character. Sprinkle in some setting/world building and you're all set.
I'll laugh at many of those scenes not because they were funny but more because they were just so stupid. This isn't meant to be a drama or some Shakespearean play. It's a dumb comic book movie.
Adding the joke-stealer into ya film is just asking for it to flop. Melissa McCarthy is a terrible actress, and as a comedian she is not even worthy of the term. She steals jokes frrom others, and then can't even get the timing right when telling them. She is utterly worthless and contemptible.
Your just not smart enough to understand the true earth shattering, cutting edge, and brilliant depths of.... ok, it sucked.
OMG ITS FINALLY HERE OMG ITS FINALLY HERE https://youtu.be/SQ4gRvNxoA0
Taika Cohen
Disaster and disappointment 😢
"Buying into his own hype"... On that note, watching the clips of Taika Waititi in this video: he looks very much like he's doing Robert Downey Jr. doing Tony Stark.
Love and Thunder was decent. Nowhere near as bad as all these reviews would indicate. 100% it's not as good as Ragnarok though.
I'd like to get a mythical Thor movie, I'm sick of this comic crap, 200 mil, what a joke.
Melissa McCarthy was good in Gilmore Girls... No, seriously, she was - but that was written by Amy Sherman-Paladino (who also writes the excellent The Marvelous Mrs Maisel) and was staring alongside the always excellent Lauren Graham (who I imagine is an absolute joy to work with).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwa7NzNBQig
I like how the whole character of Thor and his whole story has been boiled down to..." They got cool weapons."
The movie was way to focused on the female side characters then the hero and villian. I know they are men and not as important to Disney. But Thor and  Gor where the main attraction. Valkerie and jane where cringy at best and not written well at all. To much of a woke mindset. Need better written females and story.
I liked it better than your channel.
Snyder is a Genius kkkkk
The 2 minute play was almost just as pointless as having the CGI Bao dumpling at the meeting of the gods, like what the hell?  I couldn't enjoy this movie because of the antagonist. It was Christian Bale who needed a tan. He didn't come off as a character. Maybe if the makeup department put on a few more prosthetics then maybe he'd have been more convincing.
You gotta love the Hollywood rating system. As long as the blood is red in color, you can have a splatterfest action scene and keep a PG-13 rating.
Can the drinker analyze why and how Rick & Morty now sucks? Check out their plummeting views since season 3 on Wikipedia
#7 ON TRENDING in US, good job drinker, keep it up <3
Love & Thunder had a great villain, but that's about it.  Ragnarok was overrated.  When I go to a superhero movie I don't need comedy.   Taika did a great job with  Free Guy but no so much here.
It's sad to see. I genuinely liked the previous installment of the Thor franchise and I do think that "Ragnarok" was great purely because of Taika, bringing his absurd comedy style and being given a green light to do something really unusual with the film (because of the complete failure of the franchise thus far) and I was genuinely hyped for this film. I guess this one is just the case of overdosing on the medication. I still do think that Taika is very much needed for the MCU, as I think his way of mixing comedy with action is the only thing in the MCU that truly worked so far, except for pure spectacle (action, visuals) and I'm sad that this failure will have such a negative consequence.
This movie was mad for kids 100%
Who moved the pieces of Mjolnir to that display?
I didn’t even watch it. The trailer looked like crap and they CGI’d Janes muscles after bragging she worked out for the movie.
6:25 plus this scene in Ragnarok was the most beautiful, poignant scene in the entire movie.   There wasn't a hint of snark or irony to it.   It's the closest these movies have come to the roots of Thor in Norse mythology that we've seen.   Thus it must be mocked and deconstructed.
I watched love and thunder once because a friend of mine loves marvel and star wars etc. And I completely forgot about the stage play scene... probably because it was entirely forgettable, like most of the movie.
They lost me as soon as I saw a female Thor in the trailers.  Just not going to support woke hollywood anymore.
Drinker, it is called Love and Thunder. Not Love, Thunder AND Intelligence. Taika never signed up for that.
Yeah they went too far with the stupidity in this one... They one upped the whole Ragnarok thing but too much... Still an entertaining visual spectacle to behold but... There needs to be a balance between the Thor from the first two movies and the Ragnarok Thor
Honestly I feel like the only people who bash on Thor: Love and Thunder are people who expect Marvel movies to be more than what they are supposed to be. I've been a fan of Marvel through ups and downs and I came to realize that those movies are the most successful when they match the energy of the general public's expectation and not what critics seem to expect from them. My girlfriend never liked Marvel movies on the other hand but she seemed to enjoy the self awareness of certain Marvel movies. From Iron Man to Captain America 2, from Thor: Ragnarok to Black Panther which got her invested in the stories and tone of Infinity War and Endgame.  Critics are always shitting on exposition dialogue but when done in a different way it's suddenly a waste of time? My girlfriend for example particularly liked the Theater scene as a callback to Ragnarok and reminder of stuff that happened. She wasn't able to get through Thor 1 and 2 cause they were so stoic and serious, but this movie got her invested in Jane Foster by itself. I think y'all need to get off your high horse and try to see who these movies are being made for. Hint: not only you and me. The more I see videos like these the more I agree with Scorcese, sheesh...
Nothing would change in MCU if this movie was never made
Drinker you missed one thing. Hollywood's masters communicate through symbolism the state of affairs for various human culture. In this example we have a dumbed down entertainment plain for tourists about what were the ancient gods. Symbolically this means that today's humans have ZERO understanding of their actual past and instead have become mesmerized in "entertainment", "glamour and illusion". Yes from social media to collective religion, virtually no humans have any idea of what it is to be an Imperial Self (see Ayn Rand who called all this generations ago) or how to discern good from evil, reality from belief.  THAT...is what this scene was for. This "movie" is sheer propaganda. Drinker you should contact me to learn more. Seriously.
Disney should get back the team that wrote and directed Thor 1. Compared to the rest of the franchise that movie is pretty much a masterpiece.
Totally agree with your analysis. He definitely gave it the "free guy" movie treatment. Oh and Chris hemsworth's humor is a bit hit and miss, as an Aussie I personally don't find him funny at all, but he's better than he was in ghostbusters 2016. If that's a complement, take it as is.
One of the major reasons Curse of the Black Pearl was such a great movie was that it was so tightly edited and written. Even the most seemingly pointless action scene was packed with character or world building moments. Shame Disney went from that to just giving a random guy a camera and thinking they can glue something together later. yes!
I love how he sounds like a nordic viking
waisted potential the movie
Brilliant stuff as usual Drinker. If you continue with more analyses on this film, I’d love to hear you talk about the cancer arc. It feels cheap and sorta disrespectful to me, like they just needed some extra vehicle to tow the plot.
Shouldn't the title be. Why this man baby cries at movies he doesn't like..? Great breakdown. Its like listening to my 3 years old tell me why hey don't like vegetables
8:12 lmao true words
I mean what did you expect? Someone at Disney gave Korg too much power to write and direct this movie lol
I don't know man. Taika Watiti wrote himself and directed most of his movies and I refuse to believe that man who wrote Jojo Rabitt or Hunt for Wilderpeople doesn't know how to tell a good and/or coherent story. I'd sooner think that he was somehow forced into making Love and Thunder and took a piss over it at same time making sure he is not called back. That seems to fit his personality better. But we can't know untill we see his next movie.
"Talented cast". That's a good one. I laughed so long, I could barely hear anything else in the video.
well said
I borrowed a file from the seven seas to watch this managed to survive to the end realising I wasted a couple of hours of my life. To say its awful is a compliment.
Isn't this guy doing a Star Wars thing now or something?
Marvel sucks
So much of your review was about the play, but you’re forgetting the play is just a tool to introduce Thor’s entire family and his old hammer to people who haven’t seen all the movies.
Oh god, why Melissa McCarthy?! She is one of the 4 horsemen of anti-funny
hate they ruined zeus and how the fug di they not add  the villain any HEAD TENTACLES!
I loved your recap of scenes.  I might add that EVERY scene should Advance The Plot. If you include character development or world building all the better. But a scene with only char dev or world build is a bad scene.
Reminds me of the behind the scenes for Star Wars the First Episode when at the screening George Lucas realized what he had done. Then when he realized from the behind the scene footage that no one was pushing back at him and his grandiose ideas. He apparently told people to not blow smoke up his ass but to keep him in check. Some directors need that push back.
Im just sad they wasted Christian Bales Gorr, had so much story potential...
wtf bro we didnt ask for another youtube class on how a fucking scene is made . JUST GET TO YOUR OPINIONS JEEEESUS!!!!!!!
The way i took the thor love n thunder play scene. Was the director was makin fun of disney world by presenting new asgard as disney. And the play was makin fun of disney and how badly they are interpriting these stories
for me thor ragnarock was shit
Good take! It is always problematic to take away a director's artistic freedom, but I agree. Some limitations would had helped
@critical drinker: just wanna see your take and opinion on the new Disney Remake of Pinocchio, cause it's baaaad. 😃
Its 100% the way they tried to cram in a million jokes in the film that made it so mediocre for me..like one of the main points is literally someone dying from cancer 😐
Scariest two words: "Thor Five."
Regarding McCarthy, I'm not a fan of her comedy but I did enjoy her in Spy. Jason Statham stole that movie they worked well together.
You can't convince me that love and thunder wasn't an extremely entertaining romp even with your fancy movie theory
For equlity sake they made everyone in this one a bumbling idiot. Thor was not funny he was not witty, he looked more like a man baby then anything. However they didn't use this the elevate the female's either they were as useless is Thor. The best acting in the movie was from the axe.
mr drinker, i was wondering if you could make a video on a movie that came out in 2010 called Kick Ass
It’s actually not easy to have such great actors, and make such a bad movie.
Just received your book!
I found it interesting that in Ragnorak the actors picked for the play: Matt Damon, Liam Hemsworth, and Sam Neil, all made sense in context. Hemsworth is obviously the brother of Chris, Damon is one of the most successful actors in Hollywood and a really handsome dude, just the kind of actor Loki would consider worthy to play him, and Sam Neil, like Anthony Hopkins, has a history of playing distinguished authority figures.   But in “Love and Thunder” the addition of Melissa McCarthy as Hela seems based solely on the fact that, whereas Cate Blanchett had an icy cold and reserved demeanor and is also a very svelte actress who fit nicely into Hela’s outfits, McCarthy is loud and obnoxious as fuck and, I’m just going to say it, is a total fucking fatass.   So, again, Waititi is playing to the lowest common denominator with his “comedy”here.
The drinker should direct a movie, what say warner?
Drinker, you old drinker, thank you for explaining plot advancement. It makes sense in hindsight, but I never really understood it. Thank you for bringing me 1 step closer to becoming a decent writer.  I hope that you continue to share with us what makes the audience ready to move on to the next scene.
I'll confess. While watching this movie out of boredom... the scene when Thor somehow summoned and gave powers to the children of Asgard.. and the subsequent montage of children battling evil shadowy monsters with teddy bears... I personally felt stupid for watching a children's movie. I cringed at myself for having witnessed that scene as an adult. Please forgive me.
Other than the bad cgi, I thought it was cheesy bad but in an endearing kinda way, unfortunately this isn't a indie cult film, it's a Hollywood production so it comes off a bit lazy
Why Bale said yes too this after Batman i will never understand
He used fat, ugly, obscene Melissa McCarthy to portray the sexy, intense, accomplished Kate Blanchett… They’re not even the same species.
Am I the only one who thought the film was pretty decent?
My younger son's review of Love & Thunder:  "I was hoping Christian Bale would do something awesome, but he was just another Reddit atheist."
I wonder if the theatre scene would have worked better if it had been directly commissioned by Valkyrie. Instead of the moment Mjolnir broke, maybe show us the battle between Thor, Loki, Valkyrie, and Hela but with Valkyrie being the one clearly made to look good. The scene could start with Thor and Valkyrie catching up and she admits her struggles of being King, one of which is maintaining the morale of the Asgardians which is why she commissioned/wrote the play in a more glorious way, particularly in the way it depicts her. The camera could start with Thor and Valkyrie in frame with the play going on out of focus in the background between them and then can be focused on once Thor notices it. Thor remarks on it and Valkyrie explains its purpose. This would let them do the play again, explain Valkyrie’s struggles as king, and show that Valkyrie is a bit self-serving to make herself look good to the people of Earth/New Asgard/young Asgardians while giving herself a little bit of a pat in the back or something.   Alternatively, Thor could arrive at New Asgard and spot the play first. He would then check it out out of curiosity and see how it depicts him poorly and the others more favorably. Thor’s lost everyone in his family at this point and Loki has faked his death so many times that when he spots Valkyrie in the crowd, he assumes she’s Loki once again in disguise trying to lead Asgard that he embraces her in a bear hug making a scene. Maybe he even says things that contradict the play in front of the tourists while catching up with Valkyrie/Loki that irritates her or embarrasses her in some way causing friction between the two at least momentarily. Maybe Valkyrie resents Thor for abandoning her to lead New Asgard on her own while he galavants around in space playing a hero. Maybe she’s so focused on her kingly duties that she doesn’t initially think about how Thor has lost his father, his mother, his brother multiple times, dear friends (Tony Stark, Lady Sif, the Warriors Three, Heimdall, etc), Asgard (which he’s mostly responsible for destroying it), half of his people, Mjolnir, his girlfriend Jane, and even his eye. Thor is also very old but has lost a lot in a very short span of time in his perspective and needs a healthy way to work through his losses which is why he left. Thor feels good while in battle so he seeks it out, this is a trait that has been depicted since even the first movie but maybe Valkyrie can’t accept that. Thor and Valkyrie are friends but in retrospect, Thor has lost far more people that he was closer to. However, Valkyrie lost the other Valkyries, including a lover, to Hela and tried getting over it in a less than healthy way on Sakaar.  Maybe she can recognize this in Thor as well but given her characterization from Ragnarok, she’ll more than likely focus on her problems and care little of Thor’s. This can create conflict for them in the movie and they can grow from it as such if done properly.
I never Love and Thunder........why is a mother and a baby going off to war........Isn't that why we fight. To protect woman in children.
Wtf is this guy even saying? The movie was trash I agree but the way he talks makes me sleep.
Maybe we’ve all misunderstood Taika. Perhaps this was his way to put Melissa McCarthy in the movie to please his woke overlords while keeping it to as few minutes as contractually agreed and being as least unfunny as possible.  . . . . . . Nah I doubt it.
It would be pretty cool if you did a drinker fixes of this scene. For example I think this scene would be much more impactful if Thor was the one seeing it. He would be reminded of all those he lost and that would be a good scene to drive his character development, ending with him accepting their deaths at the end of the movie.  And if the scene absolutely needed to have humor in it (which I doubt), you could have had Valkyrie's actor in the play stumble on the stage while drunk. The other actors could note "It's not your turn yet!" and she would hobble backstage. It could be a nice callback to a character flaw in her that was never addressed, but yeah Marvel wont do that to a female character.
McCarthy was funny in Gilmore's girls but after that she become joke of herself
Melissa McCarthy = nope.  Off button.
I didn't hate this movie, but did hate how underutilized Bale was. Gor is such an interesting and compelling character, and he's barely in the movie.
Also, why the BLEEP is Zeus FAT? like wtf mate?!
I realize that there are problems with the movie - but when I watched it with my teenage daughters we roared with laughter through the entire thing, up until the end when we were all misty-eyed. We were entertained. I can't ask much more than that from a Thor film.
Phase 4 sucks bane why? WHY?!
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself by being Crucified and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.   May God Bless you all.
Hey Drinker... if you watch animated movies, I am really curious about your verdict on the Mortal Kombat Animated Movie series.
As a Thor fan, I HATE how Taika has BUTCHERED Thor. Ever since Ragnarok ruined the series for me I pretty much gave up on Marvel as a whole.
2:52 Sam Neil and Anthony Hopkins have entered the discussion: Luke Hemsworth and Matt Damon out of all the 4 are the more serious actors in the scene?
Hlo guys.If you are going to buy furniture for your house. And you are troubling to find best one.so my channel will help you to look variety of designs.
Many people say that Taika was crunched with the release date and didn't have the time to make the movie well, but I honestly never felt it that way, in fact, I feel he had way to much freedom directing this one and this is how he's films like Jojo Rabbit would have been if he wasn't turned down a little
Iranian women are fighting for freedom and justice.  We need your help to amplify their voice! Please stand with us. #mahsaamini
Good god, there’s gonna be a Thor 5….uuuhhhh 😞😞😞😞
Kevin Feige, are you listening?
Taika is like Tim Burton without the talent
Yah that was just a filler to show cameos of Damon and Hemsworth
Isn't the "Loki masquerading as Odin" meme a bit worn out by now?
I still can't believe my dad thinks Love & Thunder is better than Ragnarok. I know I like Ragnarok more than most, but I also don't pretend that it's better than other movies that are better put together.  If he wanted a call back to the play from Ragnarok, it should have just been something in the background while Jane was wandering around the area.
Hey, don’t insult hyperactive 12 year olds! They could write a much better script than anything shat out by the MCU recently!
The narrator of this video emphasizes the last word of EVERY sentence.
Eh I thought it was fine
I honestly couldn't get away with Ragnarok due to the comedy in it. Love and Thunder amplified the comedy by a hundred-fold and was painfully cringey all the way through.
This. I love this kind of a technical look into moviemaking, to the specifics of the building blocks of good cinema, and on a level you just know doesn't exist at Disney these days.
Shame, I loved Ragnarok ngl :P
I watched the movie for 15 minutes....WTF is it I was watching? ...17 minutes into the movie, I'm out of here!
Taika Waititi is all about himself. You need empathy and respect for the art to be able to adapt someone else's established story, lore and characters for another medium. Waititi doesn't care. Nothing of value could've come out of this. And he's not particularly funny, to be honest. He makes zoomer jokes, 4th wall breaking jokes. And he points at things that people take seriously just to laugh at them. "Haha, you care!". That's not humor, that's formulaic, modern day nihilism. A substitute for comedy.
Both movies we crap Thor movies.  Neither even bothered to try portray the comics correctly and much less the tone of either stories.  Pure 💩
Melissa McCarthy used to be funny on "Mike & Molly" show. But that was long time ago.
Love how you explain things so well. Great video
Number three on trending
if you notice this comment dude, look in to Taikas ever growing ego. That explains his horrible movies at the moment. He very much knows about norse mythology but has 0 respect for it.
They turned Thor into a joke, meme character.. He had most heartbreak in entire MCU and they still treat him like a joke. I miss Thor from first-2nd movie and avengers he actually had dominating presence, they didnt dumb him down so that a female co-stars would look better. Opening scene actually looks like this would be a serious darker movie, since love of his life is dying, but we get that boat scene where after so many years he has honest talk with jane and they constantly try to make audience laugh with most ridiculous, if you even can call them, jokes. shame shame shame
Melissa Mcarthy is perfect for the role of Hela...just ask Bryce Dallas Howard.
When you think about it, Taika is maybe the ONE person who probably would make “The Last Airbender” EXACTLY how M. Night Shyamalan would have made it.   Genocide reduced to unintentional speech-joking. Awkward CGI. Squandered casting choices. Wasted potential.
Let's just forget that this movie ever happened... Taika should be in the movie prison for it
another big roblem is every single piece of armor or weapon looks like a toy on purpose. it was ridiculous cause they are using them serioulsy so  it cant even be self aware like the previous movie. it tried to shove toys down childrens throat
The only thing I truly enjoyed about this movie was batman's performance in it !
I was done with these after Endgame 👏🏼
Ragnarok was awful. I don't know why people are surprised.
Accurate
yeah, I'm not a big fan of _Taikodrum Waikiki_ (people say he saved Thor, I say he ruined Thor, made him into a butt of a joke)... It's funny how older MCU movies that were considered "bad" (Thor 2, Ironman 2) seem not so bad next to the newer MCU (black widow, chang ching)
Korg was humorous in Ragnarak.  In this movie I prayed for his and those goats death the entire film.  Taika was either trolling or had his head so far up his own ass on this movie and idk which would be worse
WOAH ,didn't except to find this video in the trending page!. well done Drinker
That's one of the problems with ragnorok. They had an interesting plot where Loki is impersonating Odin. Thanks to the thoughtless taika he ruined it. And the writers who previously worked on dark world just let him. Then he'd make things much worse for TL&T.
Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer on SNL. You're welcome. ;-)
CYBERPUNK EDGERUNERS REVIEV NOW
I think Love and Thunder was a giant waste of potential. Instead of pushing the God Killer for the next Thanos, or the next center to build up around, they decided:  Storyboard: *is reading Comics and sees the God Killer. * OH, guys! I have a brilliant idea!  Animation: what is it this time?  Storyboard: I have found a character, named God Slayer, his abilities are wicked insane!  Animation: Such as?  Storyboard: Such as his swords allows him to kill literal gods!  Animation: I like where this is going, keep talking.  Storyboard: Ok, we are thinking on using him for the main antagonist for the new Thor Movie.  Animation: Ok, a little strange not to use him as a New Thanos, that would make you new money and draw in the previous audience.  Storyboard: Man, bother that, we are going to have Mjolmir come back from the dead! Along with Mary Jane wielding it and being the literal perfect character to single to our audience that we care about our society!   Animation: Man im getting tired of this shit….what else?  Storyboard: and then we have the Greek Gods, who will be the next enemy actually, along with the God Killer being cut off at the end, along with him bringing back his daughter, along with blah blah blah….  Animation: **dies of stroke**
Holy crap this is #3 on trending. Nice Drinker, very nice.
Ya this movie sucked💯💯💯💯
Don't think it's fair to crap on Taika like this, the movie was still good and this scene actually painted things in a different light, how new Asgard is trying to find a way to survive culturally in a new home. It was an evolved scene from the first, maybe not as funny but good enough and had a place. I think it's been way over analysed and Taika is responsible for making some kick ass movies. It's amazing how quickly people can turn on a director, prob the same people were praising him before. Sometimes its ok to enjoy a movie for what it is. I went with my daughter and she really enjoyed it and as did I.
HORRIBLE
haven't been to theater since battle of 5 armies, woke remakes of remakes of remakes, absolutely nothing of any value being produced, ring of power and vikings valhalla are vomitous, b actors failing to act, top gun anybody (when's risky business 2 with a female main character coming out? ) gotta take out a loan to see a movie, i'll save my cash. a bunch of gynocentric woke B.S. ( she hulk, she thor, she wolverine, black vikings, christian berserkers almost forgot " she pinhead." so lame
Just look at how much Taika performs for the camera in all that behind the scenes footage. He's clearly infatuated with himself.
Ragnarok is just as bad as Love and Thunder
Basically, Taika didn't follow one of the golden rule of creative writing. Always kill your darlings people.
All aspects of this movie were trash utter garbage
Honestly, Hemsworth should have taken a backseat to this installment and let Portman lead with her Mighty Thor. She was the one that actually had a character arc to explore that could use all the fights to advance her story. He could have replaced the kidnapped children with her having to figure out how to save him from Gorr. She could still die at the end, but it should have been mainly been her story. Also, Gorr should have been shown to have killed more Gods and not just in self defense.
You're telling me, they did that hammy cheesy theatre scene, AGAIN?!?  My fucking god
classic
Melissa Mcarthy… the greatest. At being the worst.
I cant stand Waititi his humour is about as funny as a prolapse. I watched jojo rabit and thought it was okay though I couldn't help but think id rather be watching something better just as a comparison death of Stalin was monumentally better and how I think something like that should've been done. He just has this obnoxiously juvenile spontaneous wacky lol so random style humour and I fucking hate it. it works ok in certain contexts and sparely a bit like a jump scare in a horror movie but not constantly throughout whole the film
So I assume Drinker Fixes Love and Thunder upcoming next?
I downloaded the movie and watched the first 10-15 minutes of it, then I dragged it across my desktop and straight into the trash bin where I then emptied the trash bin where hopefully that shit crap movie found itself a nice black hole to disappear in.
I find it very rare when any individual gets majority control over a movie. Movie production crews are almost designed with checks and balances, which is nice to have to keep the director on pace. These other inputs often helps directors execute their vision. Even if a director is a visionary,  if they have poor execution, it's all irrelevant. Thor 4 would have benefited heavily from having more people pushing against or steering Taika. Movie sets aren't any different from another work environment in the sense they benefit from having people come together with opposing ideas and discuss what is better.
The wages of sin is death, God is Life/existence/being, one of Gods attributes is being Holy I.e. without sin, since you’ve sinned you have become separated from God or Life, you will die because you are no longer attached to Life,  no one sends you to hell, you separate yourself from God  The doors are closing, don’t be left behind accept The Gospel today before time is up!  “Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; and that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:” ‭‭1 Corinthians‬ ‭15:1-4‬ ‭KJV‬‬  “Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God. Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin. But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference: For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus: Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.” Romans‬ ‭3:19-26‬ ‭KJV‬‬  “that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.” ‭‭Romans‬ ‭10:9-13‬ ‭KJV‬‬
I agree with everything apart from "when has Malissa Mccarthy been funny" she was absolutely hilarious in This is 40. C'mon drinker, even you found the scene in the principles office funny 😁
You don’t have to tell us… we already know, this movie was terrible
Disney's Marvel, led by self centered millennials  is a train wreck in slow motion.  And yes, calling millennials self centered is redundant.  Sorry about that.
I gave up on the movie after seeing Zeus. Could not be bothered at all
Should've been titled THOR: Lost in Funder.
When you realize the whole movie was told through the eyes of the character Korg, it makes the whole tone more understandable.  That being said,  it wasn't conveyed very well and it's obvious that particular take wasn't well recieved.
Do you seriously doubt he possesses that level of awareness? He's been unsubtly mocking and deconstructing white/christian culture for years in basically all his works. I still think Waititi is a good director and creative. He simply did not give a fuck about putting in any effort and just used the movie as a dumping ground for random silliness, ancient memes and jokes that didn't make it into Flag or Shadows.
I can give credit too this movie that they focus more on Thor than Jane in this.
Honestly I was SO disappointed with this film. With how good ragnarok was, I was excited and expecting much much better from love & thunder  :(
He isn't being asked back to Thor 5 because he didn't kill off Hemsworth's Thor and name Portman's Thor the man cinematic version going forward... It obviously wasn't gay enough for Marvel because Thor didn't get bricked in his mouth while on his knees to Gorr either... Maybe he made a sacrifice unknowingly to the audience to fix Marvel and prevent them from continuing down such a woke path, he just burned 400+ million of their dollars, it's by no means the worst of the garbage that is phase 4...hr it might even be somewhat decent in the land of shit and piss that is phase 4. Maybe we will look back at phase 4 a few years years from how and see this is where Marvel got back on track... Or when they went down in the gayest fashion possible.
The fact that thought of Melissa Mccarthy as fair game in Thor tells everything you need to know really.
I would sooner delete the other scenes of tourism and keep this for the world building of Asgard becoming a tourist spot, but you're absolutely right, there's a pointless redundancy
What's sad is this was the best scene in the whole movie.
Just for the record there is at least one thing Melissa McCarthy has been funny at, her portrayal of Sean Spicer on SNL. Most of that is due to props and makeup but she can take credit for at least some of it.
I never cared for the Thor movies, just seems boring that he’s a literal god
MCU fans don't understand what a good movie is or just hype.
This is what Love and Thunder felt like to me, watching a 3 hour long "Theater Scene", a parody of Thor.
Looking to book a luxury vacation that won't break the bank? 💸  https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbXR3c2k3ZlFaai1iX0xQN0dFRzlaQmhPcTAtUXxBQ3Jtc0tuWkFVc3hQTzIxcXJPYUdNZ2hwd0RuLUpRMWJoNnRLY3JCTTgzbjNMemdDRHAwNmZnZVZSd2ZZRG1hZmZpeEt1d0ZoMkhuMTc5STUwOG9VRE90OTAwWEJmNkdrSEZLdHdxcWFmd2pMMmJDOWpqZmhIRQ&q=https://www.travelmarks.net  #travel #nature
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
*sizzurp*  Basically the better version of alcohol, also known as purple drank (yes drank), lean' and texas tea. You get some sprite or mountain dew then you get some jolly ranchers crush em' up throw em' in your choice of clear soda then you need some cough syrup, none of that DXM bullshit unless your looking to get spacy and trippy but that's not what sizzurps about. The cough syrup has to contain codeine w/ promethazine like the original formula or tussinex which is liquid hydrocodone with an antihistamine and is better than codeine. Some formula's below:Original:Codeine w/ Promethazine cough syrupClear sprite sodaJolly ranchersRetarded dumb-ass formula:Over the counter DXM syrupvodkared-bullModern and enhanced version:Tussinex (liq. Hydrocodone suspension 12hour release)Mountain dew/any sprite flavorJolly ranchers if so desired.The rolls royce of sizzurp:OxyFast (liq. Oxycodone suspension)Mountain dewJolly ranchersBenadryl/PromethazineJust like good ol' momma's recipe's there exist diversity amonst formulations.
Thor Ragnarök is also horrible. Is just a little less horrible than Thor Love and Thunder...
Correct sir, that movie did suck❗️ Disnt need this video but this absolutely confirmed 😂
Quite a few companies have monetized the Norse Gods and culture... Why? Good stories; and pretty safe...  Try doing the same towards the Muslims..
Also, Critical Drinker would be better becoming a great script writer, given that his wide knowledge of scripts are terrific.
Melissa Mcarthy was funny in Heat, but she gone downhill the more woke shes become
No wonder that Thor: Love and Thunder is a total horrible joke, when it features Melissa McCarthy.
Spot on. Love and thunder was DEFINITELY the worst Thor movie so far. I won't even watch it on Disney+ and I watched Dr Strange 2 like twice already.
There was nothing wrong with this movie...
Hubris. Simply put.
Absolutely LOVED this movie. Really enjoyed it enough to watch a second time. Fantastic stuff
My wife usually enjoys the the MCU movies, but she commented a short time into the movie, "is this some 12 year old boys fever dream?"    I have to agree.  It seems like some adolescent was given the keys to the kingdom without supervision and a credit card and went bat s&*t crazy.  I'm all for bringing up the spirits a bit with comedy...but this was just too much...so much so that it took me out of any small vestiges of care or concern I had for the characters.  Way too many writing flaws and it jumped from place to place without properly setting up any logic reason to be there.  One of the dumbest things out of all of them (and there were a lot) was bestowing Stormbreaker with emotions - as if the thing was getting jealous because Thor was speaking fondly of Mjolnir.  🙄
Thank you Drinker, I truely value your knowledge and insights on what constitutes a good movie scene! It is a shame to see a talented director drown in his own Ego! Because of your unbias critic I would like to nominate you as a honorary "Aussie" (I know you are Scottish but you are good enough to be consided an Australian as well!)
Yeah but, it has a bunch of COOL SCENES!  Everyone likes cool scenes. Put enough Cool Scenes together and soon you have a movie, right?
Although I agree with you completely....... I still liked the movie
It was  was good  wasn't as good as deadpool
There is nothing to encourage me to see this episode. The last one was forgettable so much that……I forgot.
This movie  should be called thor  love  and blunder
Bruh I can never tell when Mat Damon is in a movie unless he is the protagonist, his acting is way too good lol
Thor: Snooze and Slumber ..... my favorite part was when I fell asleep  total woke crapfest
I think one thing the worse scene does is showing how bad and lazy the time has become, but even that is generous
Taika lacks original ideas, the things he's praised for rip off other works
I haven't watched this movie, so I wasn't even aware that they tried this scene again.. What a hack move, bringing Matt Damon in is something you do once.. that's what made it funny.. Congrats, you killed it
Would be very interested to hear your opinion on House of the Dragon. So far it’s a complete shitshow for me.
I imagine the scene was there to provide history and context to people like me who haven't watched a Thor movie in years. I quite liked Love and Thunder tbh... at least I like that the movies don't take themselves so seriously any more.
不怎么样
Why did it suck? It's a comic book movie, that's why. Comic books and said characters are made for adolescent boys, and so are these movies. That aside, how in the seven hells are people not sick to death of these things yet?
The other big problem was the telling not showing.  We keep hearing about the God butcher Evil deeds, but we don’t actually see him God butching
😎To see Drinkers sub totals rise high💯 and also be trending. 👊Cheers Mate 🍻
This is why woke has no place in entertainment, because let's be honest, we all know exactly what this was all about. Hence quality writing was never important, messages were nr.1 concern.  Also woke movies never create something new, they just leech off existing stuff like parasites, and just like most copies, its sub par
Wow 😮 https://youtu.be/cb493eOrYK0 🔥🔥🔥
It's Marvel. That's all you need to know it's a bad movie.
Melisa is funny dislike and stopped trusting your opinion when you said that
If I were being charitable, I would suggest that the theatre scene was deliberately bad because it contrasts with the equivalent scene in Ragnarok - Loki has many flaws, but he has a great talent for community theatre.  But, the rest of the film was also pretty shite so I don't feel like giving Taika the benefit of the doubt
Really good video love how u compared the two movies
Well said ...
Writing and directing are separate skillsets that very few people in the world possess together. I thought Hollywood already learned that lesson with letting Patty Jenkins write WW84, where she humiliated herself so badly that Disney will ever let her write anything ever again. Even the esteemed George Lucas was full of incredible story ideas and had amazing visual imagination, but had no clue how to direct basic scenes with just 2 humans talking (or how basic human dialogue works). Hire people for jobs they are actually good at!
As always, on point, I wish the drinker was being paid to negate the criticisms he has by being part of productions of movies, alas, being critical doesn't wash well with these egomaniacs so he's probably about as welcome in the movie industry as the South Park guys and I'm fine with that because I like his work.
#3 on Trending right now. Drinker is getting the good word out!
They threw so many pointless one liners and gimmicks into Love & Thunder, turning the Thor series almost into a joke. Thor used to be so cool.
Taika Wai-titty is a Takatāpui uwha.
We've seen countless examples in the past, of studio interference ruining a movie, it happens all too often. But in this case, "Love and Thunder" is probably one of the worst examples of giving too much creative control to one guy. Disney probably thought, that with how well received Ragnarök was, that Taika could do no wrong, big mistake. Ragnarök, despite being a decent movie had it's flaws, the emphasis on comedy was always just shy of completely ruining it. Love and Thunder on the other hand was utterly overwhelmed by it, practically drowning what little story there was. I'm just glad Disney saw sense (which is rare), and kicked Taika out.
You just smashed the nail on the head with a massive hammer we call Mjolnir
Love and thunder was better than the comics because female Thor died properly.   In the comics she does some really nasty thing by relying on the fact Thor can fix her cancer whenever "she" wants too say, "I will continue to have cancer in solidarity with all the cancer victims on earth". And every cancer victim, I'm sure some mellow ones were ok but, most HATED that; it was a low blow and nobody related to it. Because every cancer person would rather not have cancer, ya know? This version had her die... GOOD. Better ending.   Also the moment where Thor used "in the name of Thor" and did an enchantment, like his father Odin, showed that he had come full circle and become the new "Odin" to his people. But I realized it was weird cause it was kids, so merchandise sales... uh at least the merchandise plug was lore friendly.
You simple peasant (:
Mjolnir had the same ability from scissor seven sword now XD
Another prime example of most films and tv shows nowadays seem to be getting worser and worser in quality
gotta be honest, whole time dude's talking down about the movie, i'm watching the clips and thinking, this is awesome.
I would say that the play serves to remind the viewer what happened to Thor's hammer. Not worthless, since that's quite an important element of the story. As you say, they could have acomplished the same thing with a line of dialogue from the tour guide, but what happened to show don't tell? Love and Thunder was not as good as the last Thor movie but it was fine. Not great but hardly a disaster.  For me the biggest mistake was skipping over the Guardians. They could have made a whole film of Thor+The Guardians of the Galaxy but instead they skipped this very fertile ground and went straight into this far less interesting dynamic of Thor + Ex-girlfriend who has cancer. Seems like a missed opportunity-Particularly when they clearly wanted to make a zany comedy adventure movie.
You know a movie really sucks when a shitty movie like Thor Ragnarok is being used as the superior example.
This movie had potential, the elements where all there, it just felt like a Hallmark superhero film.
With regards to Melissa McCarthy, I thought she was kind of funny in Spies...well, you asked.
Thor love and blunder
They should have had better editing..making it being told from Korgs point of view as he's telling the kids, inter woven with what was actually going on. The real scenes could have been dead serious..and more acurate...and the humour left to Korgs interpretation.. In the end, Thor would be seen saying "..that's not the way I remember IT.." when he hears it all.
This is exactly what happened with Batman in the 90s. Schumacher made Batman forever which was a hit so they bring him back. What does he do? Levels everything up to 11. Next thing you know, everyone turns on it and it’s ridiculed and mocked. Sound familiar?
I think that oscar Taika won for best adapted screenplay with JoJo Rabbit made him assume everything he writes now is pure cinematic gold without having to slow down and be critical about it anymore. He absolutely CAN write well but even the best artists are capable of producing shit when they become too confident in their work.
damn marvel movies are awful
As an aspiring novel writer, these are priceless for me. Please keep them coming Drinker.
Such a shame really. I wish Taika directed LaT like he did JoJo Rabbit, that film had the perfect amount of "Taika-ness" in it while also delivering tragic moments.
my main problem was they took the witty banter and jokes and went way too hard with it It felt like they were forcing it like we get it everyone is witty and yes that's a meta joke geez.
I watched the movie and it took me a while to figure what was really wrong with it. The feminized it, just look at Zeus in the movie wearing a skirt and acting stupid. Marvel is going down, only thing I am hoping for is Loki and Antman3. The rest would die a feminism death
😊😊😊
Lives for 2000 years. Changes costumes 3 times in 10 years. (These movies are made to sell toys)
Are they still talking about having him do Star Wars!? Please don't let him do Star Wars!
Well said, as always. Given the source material and the recent introduction of variants and other gods in the MCU, my expectations were through the roof. God Butcher and God Bomb are phenomenal. (Check out the amazing motion comics by The Russian Comic Book Geek. It's truly great work.) Love & Thunder felt like Justice League junior. I thought it was going to be on par with Ragnarok, Infinity War, and No Way Home. It had so much potential to be one of the best films in the MCU. There were many things I liked, but it was a major letdown overall, unfortunately.
He has said that he is making movies that his son (a toddler) wants to see. He asks his son what he wants to see and then films that!
It feels like movies makers used to be innately talented and knowledgeable of the fundamentals of what makes a good movie. These days it’s like they choose directors who learned by watching YouTube tutorials or whose social values align with whatever ‘message’ is being forced.
The same thing happened with Wonder Woman. When the director is given total control, the fuck it up. 1984 was Dogshit.
putting Odin in a retirement home on Earth didnt feel clunky? Lol.
Three words that make the first scene far superior than the second: Sir Anthony Hopkins
100% right on the money.... Those were my own thoughts also.... Taika loose it..... Too much Marvel power... Drove him nuts
Disney not respecting norse mythology, what a shock. The only respect they have is for money.
OK so you just created this you could hate on Melissa McCarthy because I found it weird that she is the thumbnail for a video that’s not about her like that random ass ran against her it was Hella misogynistic for no reason Melissa McCarthy’s very funny but if she doesn’t appeal to you there’s no reason to attack her specifically
Imagine a movie like Deadpool making a better story arc about cancer than a movie with Christian Bale and Natalie Portman in it…
Yknow what, I liked the damn movie, ik its a huge trend to shit on disney, but damn. There stuff is alright and sure has some flaws but damn aint nobody out here is a critic so let us enjoy the movie. I wish youtube wouldent feed me this stuff, cuz damn cant i just like a movie without seeing 20 videos saying why "This scene lacked character" and "This scene didnt capture thors true emotion" Like FUCKKK
I'd say Taikka didn't actually wanted to make another Thor movie but was contractually obligated to make it - he does a lot of funny and smart stuff if u check his IMDB profile.
It sucks because instead of making the movie comedic, they made Thor a joke... and Thor is no joke, or should I say, he's not supposed to be.
It was better than black panther. With its bullshit ritual combat tchalla cheating bullshit.
ERSSSSSSSSSSSS like holy shit
You can't exactly call it a disaster when it made a ton of money.
You said almost everything. Taika is a good comedy creator but a bad director. But can we speak a little about ms. Thompson who is just a really bad actress and i wonder how she got there... oh yeah she is a black non binary sexual person...
My only gripe with the theater scene in ragnarok was that scourge ran all the way Goodness sakes man you gotta scooter,you can't work a scooter but you can fire an m16?
That is not ONE scene, is it?
👏
This movie felt like it was written by the people who wrote the first two, but were told to make it funny like ragnarok.
Any movie with Tessa Thompson in it is automatically unwatchable. Any movie with Tessa Thompson AND Melissa Mcarthy is unwatchable AND an abomination.
Fighting children with little Leia Morgana Syndrome was the reason  Only good thing about this movie was bale’s performance  This is a movie for girls and children
Thanks for explaining what a scene is to us smoothed brains
Offense meant. If you needed this breakdown of the "play" scene from Rag. and didn't get it within seconds then you are a fucking idiot.  @Drinker You reached so far on this. Maybe take a break from pretending to not be entertained. This video felt like it was made for kids.
I just thought of when Thor gave those kids his powers and I was just wondering why the fuck didn't he give those abilities to the guardians of the galaxy?!
Why did they kill off juse? You don't have to make him look bad to make thor look good
I can't take it anymore.  I gotta have stuff.  That's where I'm at now.  I gotta see.....stuff.  I need to turn my brain off at times.  Me turn brain off.... Go see stuff explode, me go see stuff in general.  Once you get used to it you really start to enjoy yourself.😂🤣😫😳😔😖😖🐢
Damn dude you're blowing up millions of views nice
You have to appreciate Anthony Hopkins' acting skills for that Ragnarok scene
lol looks to me they tried to copy bollywood but failed hahaha
Umm... movies suck in general now aways. Put down the electronics and read a fuvking book nerds
That scene reminds me of the wedding in sonic 2, I just wanted more sonic I felt every minute of that wedding stuff. Dam love me some sonic. Great breakdown as usual!
As long as there are fans who would die to defend every shit that Marvel puts out, they will keep doing this. They don't like a single criticism about their shows and movies. If this passion of fans could be used for criticising Marvel into making good movies, it would've been better.
Well analyzed and correct on the writing parameters... you know you're writing.
Thor 3 was pretty crap tbh. 2 and one were genuinely better films.
Thor 3 was pretty crap tbh. 2 and one were genuinely better films.
Thor 3 was pretty crap tbh. 2 and one were genuinely better films.
Christian Bale deserved so much better than this ridiculous, plot hole ridden and continuity ignorant script. Such a waste.
Saying that this is gay est Thor movie of them all just ensured this is gonna be trash.
no, no she was never funny in the slightest. any time you laugh at her has been a fluke... a quirk of nature, like sneezing and farting at the same time.
Honestly... I don't mean to sound rude... but this is a classic issue of don't take it so seriously
Oh, that thumbnail is actually in the movie? I thought that that was a photoshop...
I watched this movie 2 days ago, and still can't believe they fumbled it. In the 4 hours of  footage I'm sure there is a competent movie, it's just not the version we got.
Maybe the woke should start their own studio called "castrated productions" target audience are feminist who can't deal with reality. Then maybe they'd not get any negative reviews by being specific about who the product is for... Yeah, i wish.
By thunder ⛈️ they mean fart 😜
felt like I watched a standup comedy the whole time..
This was SO easy to make, but he still stuffed it up. Just showing him killing some gods would have been awesome, with Thor always one step behind. Then he really had to use his brains and contacts to head him off before he kills more, ending in an epic battle.   But no.  😢
#مهسا_امینی 🥀
Not gonna lie. I actually like Natalie Portman’s Thor.
Ouch!
Thank you for saving me from watching this!
I objectively disliked Ragnarok, but on a second watch, it wasn't as immediately grating as my first time watching in the cinema. There were moments where it did ease up on the gags to at least give us a few minutes of poignancy. Not many, but Odin's death scene is one of them, as with the very end with the fall of Asgard. And the Loki moments were generally good when it's not overboard, such as him having a change of heart towards the end and forgoing his usual self-serving nature for the greater good.  So it's not that Taika doesn't understand the value of drama. It's just that instead of letting a dramatic moment hit home and sink in, he places greater value on comedy, to the point where it cheapens the film. That was what I disliked about Ragnarok and Love and Thunder. Not because it was trying to be funny, but because it was trying to be funny when it shouldn't.   Love and Thunder was too much of that. It's basically the problem of  Disney unwilling to trust its audience to sit still with heavy moments (hello, Pixar movies can be funny, charming and still gut punch you), so they cheapen the scene with gags.  This video breaking down the MCU and comparing with Wonder Woman is a great explanation then, and it's still relevant today. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-QhdzQo66o  I thought with Avengers: Infinity War and Endgame, Disney finally learnt something from movies like Logan, and moved on from the pointless comedy to keep kids and parents happy. Truthfully, I was glad to see Thor serious again in Infinity War. Fat Thor in Endgame is a kind of self-deprecating humour that comes from Thor becoming depressed at not killing Thanos the first time. It's a tragic kind of humor that doesn't permeate across the entire film. That Thor: Love and Thunder regressed to cheap running gags of screaming goats is pretty emblematic of just how unwilling Disney is to move from its comfort zone. It knows whatever comes out with the MCU label, it's still going to make hundreds of millions of dollars.
When Cate Blanchet came out as Hella, I was like "Damn woman.....Looking good!" When Melissa McCarthy came out I was like "Oh for fuck sake!"
By the way Drinker, a social media offensive against you has started, more and more posts on how evil you are and how gullible and brainless are those who agree with you or support you. 😆
I stopped watching after Natalie Portperson was referred to as "a Thor." You can't become a Thor. That's his name and who he is. I already hate Thor as a superhero considering he's a god that people actually believe in. It's like if they made Jesus join the avengers..
this is not fun to watch
We Kiwis respect our man Taika, but it was obvious from his earliest film that he was his own biggest fan. That kinda self-adoration can spur people to greatness, but to my knowledge it has never resulted in long term success for any director.
I figured out why they gave thor zeus's lightning bolt!! It's so the viewers wouldn't question why his lightning suddenly turned from blue to gold, so they could differentiate between which lightning is thors and which is female not-thor
I did actually watch this and I can't for the life of me remember a single thing about it, even given the scenes in your video I barely remember the context of anything.
This movie is so terrible that I didn't even watch it till the end
https://youtube.com/shorts/qKWLma1LfBw?feature=share
I am conflicted with love and Thunder. I genuinely think it was a fun film but the criticism is also justifiable.  The constant goofy comedic relief undermined what was seriously a great foundation of a story.  Jane dealing with cancer. We saw her genuinely afraid and vulnerable despite her power as lady Thor. Thor genuinely loves her and worries for her. Gors loss and the betrayal of the gods and his quest for vengeance fuelled by a fathers love of his lost daughter.  It was some really brilliant stuff.  The action was also at time top tier, particularly the fights against Gor. They were really well choreographed imo.  So I 100% understand why ppl disliked it.  But if I am honest I walked away at least content that I enjoyed the time I watched it. It most certainly could have been a heap better but I was not upset.
Still was better than Thor: The Dark World
I love you
As I write these words, this video is trending at #3
I see Asgard has open borders as well
Tbh this was the best marvel movie I’ve seen in a long time it feels like, I rewatched it a few more times since the theater. They do such an amazing job of balancing a serious tone with Jane and cancer and a dark tone with Gorr and a comedic tone.
The drinker not knowing the difference between a scene and a sequence is kinda disappointing, for a professional film critic.
Iranian women are fighting for freedom and justice.  We need your help to amplify their voice! Please stand with us.  ‎⁦‪#MahsaAmini‬⁩ ‎⁧‫#مهسا_امینی‬⁩
Fuck, you do excellent analysis
Not easy to jump between comedy and drama. A similar but more extreme thing happened with the writing on the Simpsons. Where they thew out all the pathos, storytelling of early episodes in the service of quick cheap gags that lead nowhere.
Now that MauLer has gone Red Letter Media, that drunken Scottish boy is our last hope.  There is not another - (says gravelly voice)
GAWD that’s awful and cheap CGI. Thank you for this video it saves me precious time because THOR Love and Blunder ain’t gonna get it.
It was a parody 🚮
Subscribe to the channel to watch thousands of interesting, wonderful and special videos https://youtube.com/c/Everythingintheworldinonechannel
I always thought that theater scene was brilliant, which is why I also thought there’s no way Taika Waititi wrote it.
When they ridiculed Tadanobu Asano (Mongol) in the beginning of the movie, and referred to him as: ''whoever that is'' - I knew enough about the state of this movie.
It's also got Michael Palin sitting in the audience ,if you can't find a better role for a man of his stature then you are flogging a dead horse
7:44 Izzat George RR Martin? 😂
David Cohen aka Waititi stinks.
yo, watch cyberpunk!!
Thor ( 2011 ) Better Than Thor Love And Thunder ( 2022 )
The simplest thing as a writer, filmmaker, or creator is to ask yourself "what is the purpose of this scene?" If you have a concrete idea what that is, run with it. You can always trim the fat later. If the "purpose" is "uhhaydunno man just thought that shit would be like soooo rad to watch!"  then cut it. It's like Hollywood is run by adult toddlers with no impulse control.
As much as I like Taika it is true that he excels when working with others helping have a sense of direction. Thor Love and Thunder could’ve been so much more…
The whole of this analysis sums up to one point, and that's taika either doesn't know how or straightup doesn't want to write a compelling narrative, he just wanted to include as many gags and jokes as he could in 90 minute time frame while maintaining a "passable narrative".
I think the movie was awesome. All those Youtube movie critics have simply realised that being negative all the time gets you more views.
Yeah this movie was sadly kinda crap. Christian Bale was amazing of course and wasted on this particular movie.
All of these movies suck. Avengers, Thor, Iron Man, the new Spider-Man movies, Aquaman. All of em
3:00  it helps that Matt Damon played Loki in *Dogma* too.
They’ve completely ruined Thor since his peak in infinity war
All I’ll say is this, Rustle Crow was done dirty in this movie.
I’m a writer and learned a lot from this, Thanks Will!
This guy ends every sentence with the same inflection: dropping down and dragging it out for no reason. It's so annoying & weird. EVERY sentence. Narrate properly.
So baaaaaad.Sure fire way to destroy a character that l grew up with
I haven't watched this movie and i never will but when i got to know that in the end thor gave up stormbreaker and picked up mjölnir just felt wrong. Mjönir should've been put to rest or given to Gorr's daughter instead of stormbreaker. Just what I feel after having seen the journey from beginning to the end game.
A very intelligent review! (as always)
Hollywood is THE perfect example of why hiring/promoting 'diverse' people for the sake of 'diversity' never works and at it's root is r*cist.
Yes, Melissa McCarthy is funny in *many* things (see Bridesmaids as an example), but in this? No. I'm already having a hard time imagining her as Ursula in the live action remake of Little Mermaid. Ugh.
it almost felt like two movies mashed together.
Currently #4 on trending. Gratz Drinker!  Incredible!
I'm glad you went into depth over the theater scene, because I was harping over the same points.  It's like they started the play and we, the audience, never moved on. Throughout the movie I felt exactly like those mindless tourists, just watching a corny production unfold infront of my eyes.
marvel have turn into DC
I know to not see any movie with McCarthy in it at all.  She is like a real turd in a real punch bowl at a real party.   Nobody will like it at all.
Melissa McCarthy. Only the name make me not go and see the movies
And Hella is overweight why? She clearly had a pretty nice body. We appeasing the chubby chasers are we? What a f'ed movie.
Yo Taika lost all credibility in my eyes when he interview after interview said love and thunder was better than Ragnarok.
I feel like he has become his character from Free Guy.
I really wish they would take Thor more seriously he’s a great god and avenger and he actually hasn’t had a decent movie. The first 2 movies were Average but ragnarok and love and thunder are a big fuck up and piss take of a movie what could have actually been good with ragnarok turning Thor and hull into gladiators, to the norse mythology and Greek mythology coming together and also taking out the bigger risk to the gods way of life
I really wish they would take Thor more seriously he’s a great god and avenger and he actually hasn’t had a decent movie. The first 2 movies were Average but ragnarok and love and thunder are a big fuck up and piss take of a movie what could have actually been good with ragnarok turning Thor and hull into gladiators, to the norse mythology and Greek mythology coming together and also taking out the bigger risk to the gods way of life
From an in universe perspective, I think you could explain some of the tonal and character inconsistencies in this movie by saying that the narrator is not reliable.   I mean the narrator is Korg, and Korg is an imbecile, so he perceives the events the way an imbecile would.
Thor Love and Thunder was TOTALLY UNWATCHABLE! There are other movies in the franchise ranging from great to fair, but this one was the biggest pile of CRAP I've seen yet from Marvel.
What annoys me the most is that they had the source material. Turning what could have been an epic space adventure, into a badly written, badly paced glorified sitcom.
It didn't suck. It doesn't live up to Marvel standards but it's still a good movie.
I KNEW HE LOOKED FAMILIAR! FUCKING MATT DAMON!
After Ragnarök  and its poorly mixed Comedy and Drama then finding out the same director was doing Love and Thunder with more control over it,  I noped out and refused to watch it.   He might, big might,  be able to a comedy but he has no idea on how to do drama.
Phase 4 of MCU is now became the weakest of the phases. It really shows that the directors and writers are really struggling with unique stories and ideas these past few months.
The same guy ruined Free Guy for me too...He thinks he's hilarious but is mildly amusing at best..
Marvel has jumped the shark.  End of an era.
Yeah Love and Thunder was such a massive disappointment, I couldn't believe how much the movie sucked as I was watching it.
What r the director doing
Love and Thunder is basically the ALIEN Resurrection of the franchise lol
very out of topic but kinda this reminds me of the show "supernatural". the show started out so good, with the only big threat bring demons. as the seasons progressed, the demons became less and less important so they bought in the idea of hell. hell became less and less important so they bought in angels. angels became less and less important so they bought in GOD 💀 and yeah, you guessed it, they made "god" a kind of silly goofy character, completely taking out the "holy shit it's god" aspect of it. same goes with all the being they bought in, starting from demons to angels, they kept humanising them by making them silly and quirky, taking out the "holy shit an angel that's so cool" aspect of it. the whole show became a joke.  sorry for the rant i just had to let that out
Worst thing is  in thor 3 which is also directed by taika there's a dialogue "what are you god of hammer" or something like that meaning hammer doesn't give thor his power and in literally in next movie he made a female thor with that fucking hammer. It sad how being woke can make talented individual look stupid
Yeah...usually I enjoy these, but when you mix up Tessa Thompson with Rita Ora and call her Taika's gf, you don't do yourself any favors.
Really enjoyed ragnarok, it was "just" the right side of silly, but I've had enough of taikas directing to be honest.   Bit too " nudge wind lol" nowadays
Love and thunder was just a spoof movie, like meet the Spartans
Just about done with MARVEL… all the gay references were too much…
Gorr should have been a stronger villain and a thread and a counter to the comedy.
Lol I had forgotten about the theater scene. It was very not needed.
#5 on trending hell yeah!
Melissa McCarthy has never been funny. I know humor is highly subjective, but she is objectively non-humorous.
I wonder why nobody ran trailers of Zues's Orgies, Thor being sexually assaulted, or the depiction of child soldiers?
You know something is seriously wrong when The Drinker feels the need to define what a scene is first
The most unforgivable thing about all of this, is, it's now part of the story line. Even with Star Wars. I am not a fan of the Star Wars movies at all but they had 1 chance to make a smash hit movie with the original 3. Now that chance is gone.
When you realize that canonically the events of Ragnarok took place a decade ago. And even if you remove the blip that’s still 5 years ago and to the people who didn’t vanish well then it was actually 10 years for them.
It's no surprise. Ragnarok was god awful and with the exception of the last Spiderman, Marvel movies and TV seriee uave totally sucked since then. We're paying our money but being well short changed. Lets be honest the trailer for Thor showed us how bad it was going to be and we still paid to see it. The next phase honestly doesn't fill me with any excitement either. Unless they massively inprove, Marvel have run their course
I think it's safe to say that Marvel has gotten arrogant because of the success of the Infinity Saga. They've now become convinced they can do no wrong, despite the multitude of recent failures staring them right in the face.
I seen a comment a few months ago that said ragnarok & love & thunder was the Batman forever & Batman & robin of the franchise.  Couldn’t put it better myself
Thor: The Dark World was the best Thor movie. Fight me.
This again, move on. Such a crybaby
The MCU is a joke these days (literally)
it certainly didn't look good from everything i've seen, and i do think Taika has at least the capacity for talent, but he's not very good at reigning it in it seems, sometimes oversight as the drinker suggested would've gone a long way for sure
It sucked because wanker watitty is an egotistical provocateur
Imagine if Hemsworth had standards and refused to do this garbage.
You GO!!! Drinker!
L&T definitely has the feel of a rambling, unfocused film narrative that had to be cut down due to studio/commercial pressures and so ended up very disjointed and muddled.
Honestly I've stopped treating Marvel movies as actual competent movies and ignore any sort of seriousness they portray. In hindsight a majority of phase 4 movies are horrible and I'll probably never watch them ever again, but seeing them in theaters and having a few goofy laughs with friends still makes seeing them for the first time pretty enjoyable imo.
One word describes this film: mockery.
Sounds like the same thing that happened with Wonder Woman 1984. Everyone loved the first movie soo much they gave Patty Jenkins all the creative control that she wanted and look what that got her...🤦🏻‍♀️ I like Takaki but yes, I absolutely agree with you Drinker. They really should have had someone reel him in some. This movie was an embarrassment 😑😑😑
🙏मैं एक yo utubar हूँ 🙏          ❣️मेरा टेक चैनल है ❣️ Mere chainl dwara apka helping ho skta hai
A creative, fun loving and unconventional director is not necessarily a bad thing. In fact, it can be great. BUT they almost always need someone to supervise them.  Look at George Lucas. In the OT of Star Wars, his directing and writing was edited and supervised and we got some of the best cinema ever. Then Lucas got complete creative freedom with the prequel Trilogy and...oh dear.
Fair enough. Personally, that's a hard disagree from me. TL;DR cinematic master piece to rival the Titanic? obviously not. Entertaining? I think so.  You seem to imply that all the random crap that could easily be cut was Taika's choice. Like Ragnarok was 1 for the studio and Love and Thunder was 1 for him that he could get 'creative' on.. Weird take if i'm assuming correctly because it's obviously not the case.  Like with his creative choice, his like 'lets jam a cancer story in here and a whole bunch of other crap thats gonna loosely set up or call back to other crap'.  What do you do when you're a baker and the guy that owns the bakery says 'We're shoving shit in the bread. You don't like it? Fuck off, and you're not getting paid for work you've already done'. I'd do what Taika did, make the rest of the bread as good as possible and keep the shit square in the middle so everything around the outside is still good.  And you're going to a marvel movie expecting a cinematic master piece, that's on you. If you look at it like it's very expensive Saturday morning cartoon, I think it hits that mark pretty well.  Fine, I'll go away now.
I dont love love and thunder. But I just knew this guy was gonna call put Melissa Mccarthy even though she played this part exactly as the male actors in the scene.
The Best movie ever made is MORBIUS. Just reminding everyone!
I agree with everything except that Wacky Tit has a talent for comedy. His comedy is childish with punchlines that are obvious from the start of the joke.
So thor KNEW than stormbreaker can give you a WISH to eternity and DID nothing and spend 5 years playing fornite...
I think it producer's fault that this movie turned out as it did. They worked witth him on previous project so they should have know he needs an oversight.  He took more than he can chew, but what's wrong and being ambitious and trying to push your limits as a director. Producers should have knowns this would happen, but no. They rather have a shitty movie where they can blame everything on director
Is Taika wearing a One Piece jumper? Nice
This was like an Adam Sandler movie but with more action and a larger cgi budget
Would be a decent video game though
The correlation to wokeness and people eschewing movies in droves, is the same analogy to feminism and why more men are walking away from womem and relationships... Let alone marriage if you're thst stupid as a man to do that today.
Chris Hemsworth in his interview said it best. It is a movie built with a mental age of a child or something
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Spy. That’s it.
It seems movie writing today is all about coming up with a few cool scenes then trying to stitch them together with some sort of plot
Worst marvel film ever.
when the director is full time on cocaine thats the result. drugs inspired movies can worked but mixed with ego nope
Painfully obvious that populist flukes the caliber of Taika get exposed when they are asked to replicate their success. Just a shame that the critic class don’t have the stones to call out his painful lack of talent and overwhelming reliance on topical and childish humor.
I watched the fucking movie and it's only now that I realized that Hella was played by Melissa McCarthy 🤦🏻
The scene in Thor Ragnarok didn't just gave us insight into Loki, but also into Thor. He was allways fooled by Loki up to this point. This was the first time we as an audience see Thor outsmarting him, showing us reall characher development.
Careful, Digibro might make a video on you again
I am Hella goddess of body positivity
The YouTube gods smiled on you today: #6 on trending. Idk if that means you’re succeeding or failing as a YouTuber
I knew this movie was a flop only watched it for Bale man the guy was millions of levels above
I feel like there's a weird amount of shitting on Taika Watitis ability to make a good movie that I don't quite understand. I think, or maybe would like to think, that the reason for love and thunder sucking is the fact that it is a property bound by Disney's chains. I'm a big fan of every piece of taikas work minus this movie and it just feels that maybe working with these monopolistic bastards has killed his desire or possibly his ability to put as much care into his work as he used to.
Thor Love and Thunder was the best MCU production (including Disney+ shows) since Endgame. But that isn't actually a complement. It was entertaining but had a lot of cringe and was quite forgettable for a $200+ million movie.
Why does drinker always tell me to go away. I'm starting to get the distinct impression that he doesn't like me :(
I looked this director up and he did not have the credits or experience to direct a major motion picture. This is why you will never have another Spielberg, or Harrison Ford, of John Wayne or Hitchcock. Hiring based on skin color race or country of origin.
Movies like Eternals and Thor Love And Thunder are the reasons why i'm no longer looking forward to MCU movies.
Taika reminds me of Michael Eisner. They're both creative and very driven people. Though when they don't have someone to help sift through the good and bad ideas, stuff just doesn't seem to come together right.
OMGGGGGG!!!! WTAFFFFF!!!!! You're thumbnail of Melissa as Hella.... I THOUGHT IT WAS A JOKE!!! I THOUGHT IT WAS A MEME ahahahaha I honestly was thinking before I clicked on your video ... "Surely this isn't in the movie.... Right?" 😂😂🤣🤣
Unless they wrap up Thors story then it will be crap. All things come to an end. These movies are less movies now than they are long TV Episodes.
If you are reading this comment look up and read “how the death of mid budget cinema left a generation of iconic film makers Mia” the reason all these new movies are so bad is because of market deregulation in rhd 80s making studios bigger and bigger now profit is the only incentive
Didnt NOT enjoy it but it felt like it was made for kids. Such a huge step down from Ragnarok which, tbh, is a bit sad as back then people were saying that Waititi saved the whole Thor franchise.
I did films studies twenty year back. I know what a scene is.
For me at least, I think when Taika is given more reign, he'd hv made a better movie, especially without having to adhere to existing elements or guidelines set by the main problems with all of these movies, Disney. These recent ones mostly kinda feel like they were made by committee. Especially when they've experimented with a unique director and are trying to recreate the magic. All this while over looking the directors themselves, who were they ones who made the magic to begin with.
Taika is the perfect example of what people refer to as an “ideas man”. Someone who is good for throwing out tons of options in the writing room but you’re not going to want him in charge because he is going to want to do all those ideas at once regardless of if they fit together or not.
This is 6 on trending yes!! Drinker i love what you’re doing!
I was skeptical about the whole lady thor going in, but to be honest they did that part of theovie well, it was all the over the top "comedy" that I didn't like. Had a good antagonist with understandable motivation, but like Thanos had a stupid goal.
Got halfway through this and I decided I really don't give a fuck about these bullshit films.
I love this channel so much
They kill Zeus easily"  Krato will show no mercy then too
Goo Goooo!!! 👶
1,000,000 views within 13 hours
9:12 is exactly how I view Paul W.S. Anderson and his movies. Like he just wants to have fun making a movie, regardless if the movie turns out good or not- like I personally was fine with his Resident Evil movies, but when he adapted Monster Hunter, 😕
😂😂😂😂
A literal joke
I find her extremely annoying.  Never really got her.
#6 trending boiiiii
I wouldn't be a bit surprised to learn that this scene exists to give family, friends, production staff, and contest winners a chance to appear in the movie. I always get suspicious when the camera lingers on a random crowd like that. Of course they would never cut the scene out because that would disappoint everybody.
You mean Thor: Dumb and Dumber
Holy shit 13 hours and already over a million views
Writing is very, very hard to do right. Writing a scene, and maintaining the flow of what you write for a scene.... you have the rules as you've laid them out, but it still takes the skill, and most just do not have it.
Hey drinker, have you ever considered what you want to see in the second season of Arcane? would like to hear your thoughts
It is aggressive how unfunny Melissa McCarthy is.
Someone paid close attention during film school.
I'm drunk!
I bet the 4 hour cut is an hour of Zeus doing baton tricks with his lightning bolt. That shit dragged on so much in the movie.
Love and Thunder was terrible....we got nothing from it at all....even with the wonderful Christian Bale it sucked so much....I have no clue how come he accepted that role...probably cut out most of the part.
intentional subliminal messaging of cheezify culture and tradition on the spiritual war front to turn us into dim witted consumers.
i enjoyed it a lot cause i was drunk...
Love your videos mate, keep up the great work you bloody legend.
The accumulation of everything in phase 4 makes me wonder if Kevin Feige had a heavy hand in all of the writing for phases 1-3, but then took a step back to let other writers handle 90% of the load in phase 4.
1 million views, 13 hours ago, #6 on trending right now. Drinker, you going places.
You speak the truth.
Makes me feel good about avoiding this movie - even the trailers were not impressive. MCU is done. Although She-Hulk is a blast to make fun of. What a bunch of @#$%!
Let's not forget that Watittie said before starting this movie that he was going to "ruin your mythology" because he was upset that everyone was dumping on his buttbuddy Rian roundhead blah blah blah who had just shit all over Star Wars by directing  The Last Jedi...
Taika writes laugh-a-minute style films for kids….not the best fit for a film like this tbh
This dude has his head up his own ass and can't get it out and it's been stuck up there since he was born
This movie was like a picnic for both Watiti and Hemsworth.
The two big things that turn me off for this movie is the wasting of Gorr the God Butcher and the overuse of comedy that's one note in my opinion.
Oh wow. I just saw that Thor L&T was on Disney Plus, and was considering watching it. But after seeing some of the CGI action scenes shown in your review, I don’t think I can bring myself to do it. I didn’t expect much from the story, but thought at least it would have some good fights. Instead, it looks absolutely ridiculous. I’ll pass.
omg i just realized fake-odhinn is sam neale!
I laughed my ass off. My kid did too. Good movie.
What really threw me off was the Thanos themed ice cream. What the actual hell? That weapon was used to annihilate half of all life for a period of five years, not to mention all the millions he and his had killed prior to that. Just think about 9/11 being used as marketing for anything to get the idea. Thanos ice cream is fine in our world where that’s fictional, but to depict it as something people just laugh about in the MCU? Tone deaf cheap and stupid.
I feel like this movie was set up like a childrens tale and watching it that way, it’s pretty cute
Maybe don't have the director say the villain is gonna top thanos. be like making A new joker movie and saying heath ledger is gonna have some competition. Better back that shit up. Gorr didn't get enough screen time to even achieve that. For this alone, taika waititi is a dumbass
Why did this film upset you so much also you said we a lot when you yourself didn’t enjoy it
I agree on you for this one. Love and Thunder is a complete mess. The movie should've focused more on the Gorr the God Butcher's back story and goals.  After watching Love and Thunder I began to know how Taika treat this franchise exactly like:  "This is a superhero movie, who cares about details like that? People watch to have fun and laugh with the kids anyway"
it was just ok in my opinion, definitely lacking in multiple fields, but at least mediocre.
My favorite part about the theater scene in Ragnarok was that Matt Damon played Loki in Dogma.
For me the mix of humor and seriousness fell absolutely flat. Thor goes from dad bod to god bod. Ok, I'll give ya that one. Then "I've got stage 4 cancer" said by a female. WTF?! MCU is aware a considerable number of women (AKA half their audience) are acutely aware of breast cancer? And to use this to bring in the "serious" element is disgraceful and disgusting. MCU better understand some of us are not amused or ever coming back.
I bet that they have a computer spit out the same script for every marvel movie,  and then just change the names and settings.
8:19 On the bright side, I at least won't have to worry about her playing a major role in the MCU. On the bad side, I had the misfortune of watching her.
Glad you explained what scene structure is to Taika and hardcore mcu marks. Plus the point of turning asguard into bad tourist attraction sounds like what disney has done to marvel.
Not the worst cgi
Marvel, and Star Wars, to be saved by old school writers and directors “YESTERDAY!” There is such little goodwill left. Favreau can’t do it all but, he would be an excellent start. They MUST flush all the Woke staff if they hope to attract any sizable audience for Thor 5, or any of the Marvel movies going forward!
8:18 She was briefly funny at being fat & loud but it got cringe & annoying really fast.
McCarthy was funny in some TV ads.Cheers from the Pacific West Coast of Canada.
Hope Disney and feigi heard us and stop making any more movies into full comedies!! A little joke here and there is fine but when the entire movie is a joke then we have a problem.
We love the drinker
Did anyone notice how many of the actors had their kids in it?
This movie has a female lead with cancer, a straight up psychopath who's on a spree killing gods, a main lead who lost everything he ever had. And yet they tried to make this movie FUN(kill me already💀)and appealing to children. See the problem yet?
Ummm. It's a movie. It isn't that important.
I wonder if the whole movie is not just Taika mocking the fanbase and audience. And that crap CGI scene? That has to be deliberate.
Nail it. Thor Love And Thunder really did feel like a film school project with an unlimited budget. There are in fact some pieces of really great ideas in the film ... only they are all over the shop like a mad man's breakfast, disrupting any attempt to establish a throughline, a tone or a theme. the theme sems to be "chaos is funny" maybe? Im, not a great judge. I had to walk out of the cinima once they started "brainstorming" what to do in New Asguard. Yes, I got my money back. But not my time.
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought this movie sucked.
The Drinker's strength is his ability to explain why things work or don't work, in a way anybody can understand. Anybody can dunk on things they don't like. It's much harder to back things up with premises and reasoning, and show how things could have been done better. The educational angle also contributes to fixing the entertainment industry. Maybe one day, one or more of the million+ viewers of this video will be out there, making better pop culture for us all.
The first 5 minutes of Thor LaT was ok, as was the last 5 minutes.  Everything in between was wasted time.
If you think McCarthy is bad as Hela, wait until Disney releases a trailer with her as Ursula in the new Little Merpoc.
The director apparantly stood up on the basis that ' If it ain't broke, don't fixed it'. On the comedy ish part. Thor Love and Thunder for me was one of my biggest disappointment along with Multiverse Of Madness considering how hyper i was.
I think Melissa McCarthy in that scene makes sense. That scene was suppose to be cringe so she fit the role perfectly.
Waititi is similar to Lucas, they are very skilled in creativity, but need a Spielberg to say "No, that wouldnt work; lets try something else."
You touch on a larger point that you could probably do a "why movies suck" episode on. It seems far too many movies have scenes that they just want to do regardless of the plot, character development, or world building. Just a case of "Won't it be cool if....?"
I liked it 🤷‍♂️
They did the play scene again? My god... Y'know, I have been planning to eventually watching this movie...some day. But now I'm not so sure. Not like I care to keep up with the through line of the MCU story, cuz clearly the production doesn't either.
Diversity to me is lazy and lets the unearned jump in. It's why they don't give it a second thought to disrespecting. They would never treat their ancestors mythology like this.
Man i’m tired of these outrage grifting channels popping up on my feed.
Hopefully this will humble him real quick
If Melissa McCartney is in it then its 100% going to be a bad movie
Wasn't as bad as I feared it would be, but considering my expectations were extremely low, it isn't a ringing endorsement either. First 2 Thor movies were droll, Ragnorok added a sense of humor but still felt grounded in serious emotion. This took what made Ragnorok great, and just overdosed the shit out of it. Nothing felt serious and the story was just silly. Christian Bale was by far the stand out but they  underutilized the character. Ragnorok was a 9/10 for me, Love and Thunder is a generous 4/10.
for the sake of "Diversity".... 😅
Everything is nothing but lies and propaganda these days
Takita Whaititi is just kinda crap, hes got his tricks and style but he's not Mel Brooks. If you look at Free Guy , his character is just rubbish. Its like being stuck in a Hamilton pub in New Zealand with a  guy who thinks he's funny.
I actually really appreciate these analysis videos you do. I write my own D&D campaigns and having never taken a creative writing course you've helped me consider further what a scene needs to have in order for it to have a payoff later and feel organic. Maybe you could consider doing something like this more?
One thing that I found great about Thor 3 is that you could look it with the eyes of losing someone, but trying to maintain calmness.  In Thor 3, Thor loses his home, his father, and, to some point, his sister. He lost already his mother, and the love of his life; now he only have his brother and his people, and he tries to deal with it, trying to joke around, and see the world with a positive attitute.  In Thor 4 we have to remember he lost more; he almost lost all of his people, and he lost his position as a King (even though he gave it away). Now he only have his new family, and he needs to deal with it, but nope...Taika wants to make a funny movie...  It would've been awesome to see Thor dealing with new grounds, and a new perception of the world; how he can be whatever he wants, and maybe we could've seen him realising he wanted to be King Thor, or Guardian of the Galaxy Thor. But we only got half baked joke Thor...ugh...
Oddly enough, I think if her COMPLETELY skewed the retelling in the play, it would've been a great Easter egg on the rewatch
I see Melissa McCarthy and I say NOPE!
Drinker, you employed more thought and consideration into one scene of this mess than Taika Waititi did for the entire movie.  They might as well have got the hack husk of Kevin Smith to destroy this franchise.
All great directors make bad films now and then. Hopefully TLaT will be Taika's wake up call (like Spielberg's 1941).
Buy into his own hype. I call it ' believing your own publicity' and I refer this to all sports,  movie "stars" and those silly tv personalities.
It's... a movie about theater kiddies?
I love your sexy accent!!
I think that Taikas other movies like Hunt for the wilderpeople and Jojo Rabbit were very good, be he overstepped on this one, and fell flat on his face.
Lady Thor and cry baby Thor? That’s why I didn’t bother
This is what happens when Hollywood hires a director based on his "diverse" sounding name & left-wing politics and not his talent ...
Thor Ragnorock was the best Thor movie, hands down.
There's also one thing pretty much every scene should have - and in movies this is as close to a universal rule as you can get.  It's this:  There has to be some value within the scene that turns from positive to negative or negative to positive.  When this happens the scene turns.  Scenes which do not turn are a non-event.  They serve no purpose and should be removed.  This is more of a rule in screenwriting than novelization, primarily because every page which ends up on the screen costs money.  You cannot bore the audience and every scene must serve a purpose.
I wouldn't give Disney/Marvel a dime ... Disney has become such an un-American company. Walt Disney (the man) was all about the family and traditional American values. Today's Disney is about putting out as much merchandise (crap) as possible to make money and promoting woke anti-American ideas.
Dude that scene was by far not the worst part of the movie let alone the writing... there was some much more garage in this mess. Im kinda disappointed you layed on this the whole video  😔
This movie confirmed I am done with the MCU. No need to hate it any further. I'm just out.
melissa mcarthy is horrible. who is she blowing in hollywood to keep showing up in things. always the same unfunny character.
1:07 Brooooo..... As someone who does that kick a lot just for fun around the house...it is NOT a practical kick! Barely any force behind it and is more likely to dislocate your KNEE than do any damage! I just do it for fun, but am always sure I never hit anyone or anything because of it.
This decreped vertical vomit throwing pile of shit has never crossed my eyes and never will it.
Haven't seen it...not going to.  But what with the Capri-Sun Greek guards?
I liked the goofiness of it. A great break from constant dribble that marvel is cranking out. Probably would have been better as a Lego movie though
Seeing as this was shot in Australia around Fox Studios, I have it on good authority Taika was high asf for the entire shoot, while shagging select  members of the cast. This should add some context to the quirky behind-the-scenes footage and the overall Directorial and scripting failure of the film.  And if someone could explain to me why Russell Crowe was playing Zeus, a Greek God, with an Italian accent... I'd love to hear it.
Thanks Disney for lgbtq-ing everything you touch.
I tried watching this film but turned it off after that scene. Haven’t finished the film yet and I don’t plan to either.
couldn't even finish it.
People good at one thing (directing comedy) aren't good at something they aren't practiced in(writing)?  Shocking.  And frankly, Taika's immaturity has always been more annoying then charming to me.
It is a disastrous movie with a meaningless storyline and awful acting.
Because it's a stupid idea to begin with...
I’m a fan of this format, nice
Ranarok was fucking garbage too
To all my non-iranian friends, we stood by Ukraine, we stood by Afganistan, we stood by black lives matter, we reacted and stood up against all the cruelties in the world, it’s time for you to stand by us. Share what’s happening in iran. Be our voice
I liked the movie. But already forgot half of it.
Still haven’t seen it 🤷🏻‍♀️
💩💩💩💩💩
Hey Critical drinker, would love to know what you think of the last of us trailer or if you're just waiting until the release... I obviously know the world we live in but it looks close enough to the first game to actually be a good video game adaption, well compared to resident evil the series at least lol
Please do a video on The Samaritan with Sylvester Stallone. I thought it was good.
This dictum about movie scenes also applies to scenes in novels, short stories, songs in musicals and operas, and even minigames and exploration scenes in videogames. Advance plot, show character, worldbuild. And achieving two or more is better.
Looks like shit. I'll have to watch it at some point because I think I've watched every MCU movie and my stupid fucking brain has to do that. Not so much for the Fox and Sony films. But yeah, No Way Home was great!
Easy way to fix the theater scene: have Gorr kill the stage actors who are playing "gods" and commence his attack on New Asgard at that moment instead of later. Imagine they're doing the scene and suddenly Matt Damon has the tip of the sword appear through the front of his chest, then Gorr peers over his shoulder and realizes who he actually killed, then decides to continue butchering anyway. At least then the scene actually matters, and we'd even get to see Jane become Thor in the midst of the chaos instead of having her just show up already in costume.  Honestly, though, I had to dig deep to even remember some of these scenes. Thankfully some of the clips you included here served as a painful reminder.
Congratulations on making it high on trending.
Rare case where I really disagree with the drinker- Thor love & thunder was great! I think you’re getting marvel movies mixed up with “citizen Kane”. Superhero movies are, by definition absurd- their primary purpose is to entertain. I found it way more  entertaining & enjoyable than a lot of the other in the ponderous, “save the  universe” franchise. Yes it’s silly and will be forgotten but it was good fun- which is the actual point of these movies...
IDGAF about these movies; just here to push Drinker to a million views. Go away now
Eh I enjoyed the movie, mainly because Thor finally gets a win
The more times I see Taika screwing around on set like an entitled millionaire teenage streamer, the less I want to ever watch anything he's made.
It definitely made light of a villain that was never meant to be taken lightly. That's my biggest problem with it.
I have heard rdj is coming back at some point in the marvel universe not sure if it's true but anyone smell desperation it hasn't been the same since endgame....
It’s unfortunate, because all these MCU movies have the studios cookie cutter  fingerprints all over them. So when a director is given more creative freedom but does a poor job, it doesn’t incentivize marvel to let their people try things.
Can’t wait for you to review that new shamalan movie, and maybe Bros 😂
I made it less than 30 minutes before deciding it really sucked and went and did something else.
Nice video, as always, but you are way to nice to Taika, he  had no business making this film.  He took arguably the coolest character in the MCU and turned it into a punshline.
My dudes.   we all agree that woke garbage is horrible right?   Then why do you praise the wokeness of snider?  Can't have that camera angle, it shows off a woman's sex appeal.  Can't have that scene, it's shows a woman in a submissive position,  can't show women's abs they worked so hard to achieve by training, that may be seen as appealing for male viewers.  Even though marvel is filled with men showing off abs and a lot more.   Snider is woke and so is the the snider cut.
How you mentioned taiko throwing every thought onto film and hammering something from the mess reminds me far too eerily of how I felt Paul Fiege filmed ghostbusters 2016. Just wasted millions on letting them talk and taking what he could to try (and fail) to create a cohesive story from the shambles.
M. Night Waititi.
The play scene in ragnaok also serves as a nice recap for the frankly forgettable Dark World film.
I would love to know if anyone that has been a part of these films that are reviewed by The Drinker agrees with some of these opinions.
Since when are any Comic Book schtick well written in the first place.
The problem I had with this scene in Love & Thunder is that it recounted events that no one knew about except Thor, Odin, Hela, and Loki; the only one remaining at this time is Thor, and I don't see Thor recounting all this for public consumption. The scene in Ragnarok did make sense: Loki-as-Odin informed the actors/writers of the play on what happened, thus the point of view represented. But who wrote the play in Love & Thunder? How did they know what happened in an event that only 1 surviving person knows and is doubtful that he would share such a private, crushing moment?
Think it's time to put Thor franchise to bed just like they did after Ironman 3. He should only appear in the Avengers movies or cameo roles now.
The scene that made me feel like the movie completely stopped was the scene where they're talking to zeus to get the lightning bolt, we know the lightning bolt is just a mcguffin, we know its a secondary thing so why are we watching this crap with a bloated russel crowe who's clearly just having a laugh?
I'll defend Melissa McCarthy a bit.  She was great in Mike and Molly, where I first saw her.  I loved her in The Heat with Sandra Bullock.  Both of these shows were well written and fun.  Subsequent Melissa McCarthy vehicles demonstrate she really only does one character.  Is this because she can't do another character or is she not allowed to try anything new because writers, producers etc. typecast her into her one money-making character?  This makes me sad for her in either case.; whether she sadly holding onto the one character type that made her famous (she is not alone in this--I'm looking at you Ryan Reynolds, Jason Momoa, Vin Diesel etc. { all of whom I also love}) or if she is  a professional not allowed to expand by the greed industry.  So in answer to your question Drinker--Melissa McCarthy used to be funny and still gets me to belly laugh if I watch her earlier stuff.  This speaks to your point of good writing making good shows and characters.
When the movie started with korg talking and cut to him saying it's time to do something  it completely turned me off, I could not watch the rest of the show.
They just waste christian bale's potentials.
90% of the I’d agree with critical drinking, but it’s not entirely Taiga’s fault. The original cut was 4 hours long, and Kevin Feige cut several important scenes (particularly with Christian Bale and Russell Crowe as Gorr and Zeus). Even in interviews Taika complained about the unfinished CGI, and even was upset about removing certain scenes. Personally I like the movie, and I appreciate the fact that it tells a SOLO Thor story with setting up the next 9 million MCU projects.
All recent big budget films seem to be written by high schoolers with no understanding what a good story is. Current generation of writers don't know how to write properly. They get their diversity in to protect their ego from criticism and then go on thinking they are perfect and flawless.
8:17 no....... no she was never funny
Want diversity, smash the patriarchy done right? 1989 The Blood of Heros. Outstanding.
I thought the movie was good, not great but good.  All you content creators freak out if a movie is less than amazing
We wanted Gorr the god butcher instead we got the childtaker. His intro was very good but i hated how he was used in the movie the comics version was an absolute menace and terrifying.
I wish they’d got Ben Affleck to play Thor in that play.  Would’ve been incredible.
This movie was just full of stupid memes, it shows his sense of humour, it was so disappointing. I'm A Kiwi as well so don't assume we're all like that 😂😂
I have so many problems with this movie… It was the next Thor movie. After Ragnarok! Well, of course they can’t make two masterpieces in a row - but c’mon, not even two decently watchable movies? Thor had so much story that could be told. He lost everyone he ever loved, and they took his entire past and made some bad jokes about it. Like, hello? No mention of Loki, Odin, Frigga or the other Avengers! Gorr was such a great character in the comics that would be able to develop Thor immensely. In the comics, Gorr was a big bad villain and mentally broke Thor. In Love and Thunder, Thor was already broken inside, and yet they still couldn’t do anything related to it! Still, even without the mental aspect - Gorr had so much wasted potential as a normal villain. He was supposed to be the “God Butcher” but he killed one god. One! Even that was at the beginning, where he was being introduced and set up. After that, he was essentially like “Damn. This is a hell of a lot of work. Guess I’ll just go to the wishing well and kill them all together.”, which was the plot of the entire movie. Then at the end, he doesn’t even use the wishing well for what he wanted to! Thor talks about how he loves Jane (pure cap) and wants them to spend their last moments together. Gorr is like “Oh, ok then! I won’t kill you then :D” and brings his daughter back to life? I respect the effort at comedy, and W Korg ngl, but *so* much wasted potential.
I think there were other factors at play, such as the shooting schedule and availability of some of the actors plus the typical write the script as we go, which can work if the actors are available. Having the Guardians at the beginning and then never seeing them again makes my point, it would have made more sense for them to show up at the end instead of powers being bestowed upon the kids (that was a terrible idea)  Also, Christian Bale was hardly in it, various scenes of fallen (lesser) Gods are shown but you never see how they were taken down. Anyway Im rambling, sad to see how this movie turned out.
One Trick Pony-ti.
https://youtu.be/jghbBQb-Ya8
I spent the majority of the movie thinking it was a embellished version as told by the rock guy, waiting impatiently for the real story to cut in. Hell the whole thing is terrible up to like the last fifteen minutes where baile and hemingsworth act their asses off.
Everyone seems to be missing the obvious. I haven’t seen the movie and don’t need to, to know it’s shit. When you write in a mortal (Portman) as an equal to an actual god (Thor), it’s CLEAR that wokeism is a foot. Fuck off film!
I struggled to finish it and could barely pay attention.
I hated that Loki was killed off! I can’t stand Matt Damon in anything and it’s only because he’s friends with Hemsworth that he was in the franchise. I couldn’t stand Tessa Thompson’s constipated girl power attitude. TW wasted Christian Bale’s talent and I hope that TW is finished with the MSheU!
I don't think it would fix it, but what if Taika directed Multiverse of Madness, and Rami directed Love and Thunder?
“Thor 5”?!?!    You are kidding right??
I liked it
When you think about it it's really quite an acomplishment for Taika to follow one of the best MCU movies with one of the worst. 2/10.
8:17 I will never watch this.
Normally I love your critiques. This movie was not bad- I don’t see why you felt you needed to grill it.
This comment is going to be long. But I'm going to do it anyway. I'm gonna test one of my scenes from a book series I've been working on. I've got 3 books finished right now. Let's use one scene from the 3rd book. I feel like it's the best out of the books. Also the scene I will use might have no context but I think it should be enjoyable.  "Megatron: Devastator, Menasor, and Bruticus! Start the slaughter! Leave nothing alive in your wake!  Mixmaster and Scrapper transform and stop side by side. Both of their alt modes transform a bit with their back going up. Long haul transforms and gets himself onto the duo and connects to them. His body forming into a torso.  Hook transforms and gets onto Long Haul forming the body. Scavenger transforms and attaches to the right of Hook. Bonecrusher transforms and attaches to Hook's left side. Purple hands pop out of both Bonecrusher and Scavenger.  A head with red shades pops out from the top and a Decepticon insignia stands on his chest. Breakdown and Dead End stop and turn into feet and Motormaster attached himself to them as his alt mode changes into the middle body.  Dead End and Drag Strip attach to his sides and a head pops out of the top. Swindle and Brawl in their alt modes transform into feet and Onslaught attaches himself to them as his alt mode transforms into a body. Vortex and Blast Off attach to his sides and hands pop out.  At the top a head with red shades pops out. Devastator walks to an entrance and rips it open with his bare hands. Sideswipe, Sunstreaker, Wheeljack, and Cliffjumper turn around seeing Devastator. Sideswipe stabs the console with his sword, and it opens.  They run to the door as Devastator reaches for them.  Starscream: They have back up!  Starscream points to a ship. Megatron turns and sees an orange ship flying towards the city.  Megatron: Prime.  In the ship Optimius Prime sat at the front with Jazz to his left, and Bumblebee to his right. Chromedome was to Bumblebee's right. The Dinobots stood in the middle of the ship. Optimus turns his head to the Dinoebots.  Optimus Prime: Dinobots. Destroy Devastator!  Optimus turns his head back.  Grimlock: We love challenges like that!  Grimlock jumps down first followed by Slug, Sludge, Snarl, and Swoop. The ship flies over head toward the city while the Dinobots free fall toward Devastator. The Dinobots transformed midair and got closer to Devastator.  Devastator turns his attention to the Dinobots and before Grimlock could land a hit Devastator kicks Grimlock in the stomach away. The rest land while Swoop shoots missles at Devastator. Sludge charges at Devastator but he slams his fists down on Sludge's back.  Sludge falls onto his stomach and gets picked up. Devastator holds Sludge over his head and throws Sludge at Grimlock who transformed. He grabs Sludge but falls to the ground. Slug charges at Devastator's foot making Devastator tumble backward a bit.  Snarl whips his tail at Devastator's left foot making him tumble deeper into the building behind him. Menasor takes out his sword and it gets striked by lightning and Menasor strikes his sword down at Grimlock and Sludge. But the duo dodges it and Grimlock transforms.  He breathes fire on Menasor who covers his face from Sludge uses his tail and trips Menasor. Swoop shoots his missiles at Bruticus but he blocks it with Vortex's blades. Bruticus swipes his right hand at Swoop but misses.  Bruticus swipes up with his right hand and this time hits Swoop. Snarl charges at Bruticus foot and pushes him a bit before getting kicked into the air. Bruticus grabs a piece of metal bar and swings at Snarl. Snarl flies across the city. Slug and Sludge breathe fire on his feet.  Grimlock jumps over the duo in his alt mode and the duo follow him as Menasor swipes his sword down missing them. Slug and Sludge trip Bruticus with their tails and he falls onto Menasor.  Slug: They are strong. But not smart!  Sludge and Slug are knocked away by a blast from Devastator's blaster. Devastator shoots at Grimlock but misses. Grimlock runs and Devastator gives chase. The ship lands down on a platform near the dam that was close. The door on the side goes down and out comes Jazz.  He stays right at the door with his blaster out. Bumblebee rolls out right in front of Jazz. Chromedome goes to the right and takes out his blaster. The trio look around and Optimus exits running down the ramp before stopping. He looks up at Autobot City seeing it in ruins.  Optimus Prime: Get any Autobots you can find and get out of the city. Understood?  Jazz: Got it Prime.  Optimus stares at destruction.  Optimus Prime: Megatron must be stopped. No matter the cost."   1.Advancing the Plot: Ok. So how is this scene advancing the plot? Well Megatron is having his Combiners start the slaughter and Optimus arrives just in the nick of time. The Dinobots fight Menasor, Bruticus, and Devastator and at the end of the scene they had done their job in slowing down Megatron enough for Optimus.  2.Character Development: Megatron is shown to let his very powerful Combiners loose and shows no regard for their safety. The Decepticons seem to do just as their told. As if they are mindless. Like this is just another battle that is needed to win. And the Dinobots are shown to just go into a fight and try to win. They use their processors and win. They successfully took down 2 Combiners. But in the end Grimlock was chased by Devastator. And Optimus shows compassion for his soldiers. Wanting Jazz, Chromedome, and Bumblebee to try and get any other Autobot out of the city before they were next. And Optimus is willing to deal with the threat head on by himself.  3.World Building: This scene builds the world showing that the destruction and ruin of Autobot City. Showing that they were on Earth and came just in the nick of time. This also shows how the Autobots and Decepticons aren't invincible.  See. I filled all 3 of them out. Not perfect for the world building. But I could use another scene to basically do world building. Now if anyone wants to give it a shot. You can review the scene I put here.
Let's also ignore the massive Character assassinations Thor and especially Hulk + Bruce faced in Ragnorok
To be fair, McCarthy was pretty good in Spy. She has her moments. It's not all terrible. There's just a lot of terrible to go through to find it.
Hela: Destroys Thor's Hammer, left Thor and Loki stranded on Sakaar, kills Thor's friends, kills Asgards ENTIRE army, Reawakens Fenris and an Asgardian undead army, and gouges Thor's eye out.  Gorr: Kills some gods offscreen and kidnaps some kids.
I mean... I didn't think it was terrible in respect to Marvel movies. At this point I don't know what you expect as Disney has turned away from making solid stories and has just been churning out content so they can make more money. That is what happens to big studios when they focus on profit rather than that of the quality of their product. I didn't think Love and Thunder was exceptionally bad. Definitely a Marvel movie so senseless action and corny humor with no solid writing in place. Things have been this way for longer than I can remember and most likely longer than I have been alive.
I’ll never forgive how they killed off The Warriors Three like they’re nothing but background characters. They didn’t even put up a good fight despite being able to keep up with Thor himself when in battle with the Frost Giants.
Melissa McCarthy is about as funny as a Cancer Diagnosis. ....oh.
.44
The action scenes actually look interesting from your background. I'm still not interested in watching it though.
Goats make the movie good
I can't understand how people didn't see all these flaws in Ragnarok. That movie is a copy & paste of Guardians of the Galaxy only less interesting, less funny and much much stupid (stupider?)
Watched this for the first time this past weekend. So I didn't pay money to see it in the theatre. I kids were asking to shut if off, they even liked the Eternals better.
I would still prefer Melissa McCarthy over what's-her-nuts.... Uh... Amy whatever her name is. Shoemaker? I can't remember, she bored me too quickly.
So, Thor: The Love Guru.  Got it.  Glad I skipped this one, but I'll be happy to watch Mauler shred it for 4 hours whenever he gets around to it.
They've spent all the budget on Chris Hemsworth's steroid cycle instead of VFX
I actually like thor love and thunder I'm not very picky tho
rangarok was 70% serious 30%comedy thor love and thunder was completely comedy
This and WW84 just make me scratch my head like, how could you make such a great first film and then do this?
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                          ,/////////.,,/.,/.,/.,
He coulda added the video of taika and tessa making out but he didnt, and this video is trending….. imagine
We all know what he’s doing/did.
0:51 Zeus?
The difference is, Waititi didn't want to make this film. They contractually forced him to make it, and include Jane Foster Thor, and include cancer, and include Gorr, and so he rushed through all the crap he didn't care about and filmed all the goofy stuff he ever wanted to try and wasted as much Disney money as he could. The first movie cut was 4 hours long as a giant middle finger to the whole thing.
7:31 PM 9/26/2022 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYm8Ol-solM#t=1m54s    Zeus teaches Thor to use Thunderbolt - Zeus is a Father Figure - Thor Love and Thunder Deleted Scene the markhor (a wild goat with twisted horns) and the houses are using the quake 3 arena engine or the quake 2.5 engine https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quake_III_Arena https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Id_Tech_3 the gpu and drivers were 1999 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quake_II_engine the gpu and drivers were 1997  it's not an insult to the actor though if the 3rd party associated with each country moves the proceeds to directly fund the actors or actresses future or appareances if requested in film elsewhere, meaning a future in other countries is possible with expense paid travel with no financial woes.
it could have been good there were some good elements in the movie. some parts where rushed, and some parts where poorly written. They tried to make ragnerock ragnerockier, more cheese, more 80's rock, and it becomes a parody of itself. They need to treat these stories with more care, and stop trying to cater to everyone in the room. while being inclusive is important it feels disingenuous and "for the sake of" when you cram too many woke things at once into a movie
Would recommend you to watch 'Emergency Declaration (2022)' when you can and give a review about it. Honestly IMO one of the best movies of 2022 so far.
After what they did to Loki, it was pretty obvious Thor was destined to be destroyed as well.
For the Ragnarok theater scene, Loki was the one who set up the play. In Love and Thunder, apart from not adding anything from the plot, who told them? Where did they get the info from? The only way they'd know is from Thor. And given the contents of the scene (the death of their Ruler) what Asgardian would make such an event a mockery.  It's like zero thought went into the thing. None.
Can someone tell me why the one piece shirt is censored
I've learned more about writing, narrative structure, and plot construction from watching the Drinker they I ever had taking actual classes. Keep up the good work, sir, and I'd buy you a pint (or several) if I could!
I have to say one thing..Love and Thinder was better Than Dont worry....Darling.
Taikas only funny stuff was his early local stuff and Jojo Rabbit, hes fallen off so hard its obscene
Women power... BLAAAH. No thanks.
I watched a cut scene with Zeus and Thor that had a father and son type of moment. That one scene is better than half the movie. So many gags and no character development. I swear this film was intentionally ruined
i really enjoyed this movie
8:19 - What's Michael Palin doing here?  Edit: time stamp
I think the director (name I don’t care to try to spell), is an egomaniac and not that talented. Anytime a director tries to write and act in their movies it really says a lot about their ego. He was a hot commodity a few years ago but since then has proven to be very average. It’s not easy to do all of these things at the same time and do them well. Very few have pulled it off. To try is pure selfishness and narcissism.
thanks, still don't understand the plot/story of LaT tho
The best thing Waititi or however his name is spelled, besides Jojo, is what we do in the shadows. I found both the series and the movie really funny and refreshing! You should give us a review on the series Will!
I had no idea taika and Thompson were a thing... no wonder this dog shit was made
Great vid
NGL, I find taika waititi very very annoying. The only movie which he actually wrote that I liked was Hunt for the Wilderness. Other than that he is been producing same shit and is madly in love with himself.
She Hulk https://youtube.com/shorts/XJR_19EIjk4?feature=share
I absolutely hate Chris's 80's  rock looks. And the choice of music was bad.
Oh my God. Your voice is so annoying in this video. You raise your pitch at the end of every sentence, and it is killing me. I want to scream! I feel like you like this movie, or you wouldn't be so critical about it.
Still haven't even seen it - I've seen enough clips on youtube that showed it was awful. The MCU is a joke now tbh
Would love to see some more vids from the Drinker about writing analysis and story/plot/character principles in films and books. Always been interested in hearing the principles/guidelines explicitly called out like he does in this vid, but never could bring myself to read any actual books on it.
The issue is the director made a movie so he had a bedtime story to tell his kids. If I was Marvel I would sue the guy for misappropriation of funds. He didn't make a Marvel Thor movie, he made a stupid fairytale with a even worse plot.
Last nail in phase 4
Love and Thunder is a wasted opportunity to build up the next phase. now we're having a female Black Panther, The Marvels, She-Hulk, Female Hawkeye, Black-Widow, Female Loki etc. a female dominated roster of heroes. Disney just made a Marvel studio princesses.
A fifth Thor movie? Seriously? Why?!?
No, Melissa McCarthy was never funny
the first thor looks trash enough, can't imagine the pain of watching the 2nd one.
Taika is an average director. Ragnarok was a decent movie but nothing close to GOG 1&2. JoJo Rabbit was just hyped for Oscars. Love and Thunder is a movie that doesn't make any sense except that Chris Hemsworth needs a decent paycheck
Nowadays you can cut away whole scenes or even whole characters and nothing will change in the story. That's such a big problem of modern movies. It really shows how pointless and empty everything is.
Sounds lik3 the Taika problem is mirrored in the Fieg problem in Ghostbusters 2016
That is a consistent problem with studios.   They have a good director who makes them a ton of money on a small, or limited budget film ---and then they think "Wait a minute, he made us10x our investment on some cheap films, if we give him 10x the money, then we will make 100x.  Let's do it." From that we get movies like "Cleopatra", or TGTBTU (which is bloated and over-rated),  Heaven's Gate, Waterworld, and so many more.   BTW, despite what people say, I put 2011 Space Odyssey in that category, too.  Film could have been so much better with tighter writing & editing.
I didn't know they made a new Thor.Who gives a flip! Woke ass marvel crap.surprised he wasnt recast because of his skin 😂
This just in.... they fkn gender swapped Pinhead in the new Hellraiser...like wtf!
I thought it was pretty good. This channel only gets clicks and views for writing bad reviews, so most reviews here are bad. I get it. It’s your job to post negative reviews on most things. If most of your reviews were positive, no one would watch your videos.
I’m not going lie, good sir: (a) you’re my reviewer-hero, my movie likes and dislikes pretty much in sync with what I’ve seen of yours, but (b) I kind of liked _Love and Thunder_ (😮). It’s true! I was thoroughly (or oddly) entertained throughout. Worse, I suppose, I’ve been a big fan of Korg ever since “[I] didn’t print enough phamplets." 🤣
I almost disliked this video because my brain saw bad movies on the screen. After a few seconds of introspection, I chose the correct button.
I honestly think Taika bombed this on purpose. I've been following his stiff since his film "Boy" and he knows what he's doing. The lays he weaves into his stuff has some thought and reflection. I don't think he was interested in doing another movie or be contracted to Marvel/Disney. Since he was contractually obligated to do this film, he just have been like "fuck it, les go!"
Well you can say one thing, Taika's a man of his word. He told us what he was going to do before hand.
My son enjoyed it and I guess that’s the demographic this film was ultimately written for.
How bad is Love and Thunder? Zeus gets a literal lighting bolt through the chest....and is still alive at the end of the movie
I despised Ragnarok with a passion. It tried too hard to copy what Guardians of the Galaxy did well, it tried being funny too many times, and it made two of my favorite once-powerful characters (Thor and Hulk) into complete jokes. Honestly, it makes me so mad that Disney took my Marvel and made it a joke after Endgame, and that's what made me stop watching.
I can’t believe what they’ve done to Thor. What a waste of a character and a waste of good talent. Eternals, Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness, Thor: Love and Thunder, WandaVision and now She-Hulk. What has happened to Marvel?
i recall an interview with Tessa Thompson, mentioning at one point the theater scene was edited out with some other scenes in new Asgard and she fought or probably complained to have them put back in.
Black and white fight scene was the best part of the whole movie.
When thor pops up at the play and Odin goes oh shit i thought that was a hilarious line.
So the movie starts with Christian Bale as Gorr watching his daughter die while he prays to a "god". He then encounters said being and finds this "god" to be a buffoon who doesn't care about mortal life. Gorr surmises that all of these "gods" are like this and sets out on a quest to end these beings who inflict or at least are wholly complicit in the suffering of sentient life throughout the universe. We then switch tracks to following one of these laughable deities, Thor. We open up on him causing utter destruction, humiliation, and ruin to mortals. Fitting Gorr's understanding of these gods perfectly. Thor then spends a large part of the film trying to crash a bacchanal of deities, apparently not the first one he has attended. We learn at that bacchanal that all of these gods used to routinely sacrifice sentient beings en masse for fun during their orgies. By implication, so did Thor.   Thor shows little regard for mortal beings throughout any of this, and is wholly focused on his fellow gods. Even the one tie he had to the mortal world is now also a god. We find out that Gorr's true purpose is to reach the heart of all reality. There he can make a wish to unmake all these horrible, false gods. And these beings are confirmed to be fairly horrible at every turn by their actions in the film. Nothing in the movie shows us how they help anyone but themselves. And it even frequently implies that they harm others for sport and amusement. Sometimes by accident and sometimes intentionally.   When Gorr eventually manages to achieve his task, he finds himself at the feet of the one, true monotheistic concept of deity. Gorr lives up to the name of the actor playing him. In this moment at the feet of God with a capital G, he's unable to wish for the harm of so many others simply to appease his own wrath or whims. All he can do is sacrifice his life to redeem one who was lost. There are 0 readings of this film that make sense to me where Thor is a hero and Gorr is a villain ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  And that would be fine. There are plenty of stories where the protagonist and antagonist are switched and the latter is the hero and the former the villain. But this one doesn't seem to know that's the story it's telling. It seems to feel that we should protect the small percentage of the universe who have power and privilege gained on the backs of billions of lives wasted in suffering for their amusement, rather than rooting for the prodigal son who ventures down a dark path in his quest to redeem himself and protect the weak.   And that's what I think the problem with this film is.
So, here's an awesome show that deserves more eyes on it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEFd9MNnMLc  (I might be biased, 'cause it's wonderfully ocker (brutally Aussie))  The theme is a guy who's a hitman, but also a great dad, hence the name 'Mr. Inbetween'  He's not a shit dad (as is so prevalent in hollywood crap) so, you don't just say 'well f* this guy' he's a good dad, who clearly loves his daughter,  looks after his MND afflicted brother, and is a good honourable mate ...but he's also a hitman  most of the time, they're people who deserve it, but sometimes... hence the moral dilemma of the title  And it's bloody hilarious to boot!  Highly, highly compelling  here's the trailer, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEFd9MNnMLc  an interview with the writer / main actor (titular character), that shows what an awesome bloke he is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewfqNUVzecU  an interview with the cast, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGf52tXA73U  and him accepting an award for the show https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ni0-l18yo7I  review from another dude -  "This show deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as Breaking Bad or Barry. Actors are all amazing, writing is flawless, directing is superb and editing pacing is immaculate. It’s a travesty that Nicholas Cassim didn’t win, let alone be nominated for an Emmy for his performance as Bruce. You literally see the subtle degeneration of someone suffering from MND each time he appears in a scene. This is as close to a perfect show as I’ve ever seen and each season just keeps getting better."  (there's even a little bit of a stab at the woke horsesh*t s02e01 6mins in (just a touch, the show is focused on awesome story telling, not shoving crap down your throat)
I still can’t believe Christian Bale signed on for this movie. He ruined his 1000 batting average for spectacularly written films. Everyone succumbs to the Disney Dollar
The green woman in the thumbnail looks an awful lot like the Frog Lady in The Ice Pirates.
Gorr wasn’t even a good villain in this movie. Most people just aren’t ready to say that bcos it’s Christian Bale, and we all love him. But Gorr’s motivations and actions didn’t even make any sense. You’d think a father who lost his daughter and is so hell bent on killing all the gods wouldn’t want any other parent to lose their kid too. But no, he kidnaps all them asgardian kids and when they no longer served their purpose, he was about to kill them all until Thor luckily showed up
One of the worst movies of all time.  A fat Russell Crowe in a skirt prancing around at Thor being naked was a new low in movies.  I'd rank this down there with Plan 9 from Outerspace and Ed Wood.    Ragnarok was a good movie and finally showed Thor as a powerful character.   I'm done with the MCU.  If they ever do put out an X-Men movie, they'll screw it up just like everyone else has.   Dr Strange 2 was a mess.  Since Infinity War, No Way Home was the only good MCU movie.     Keep ripping on these awful movies Drinker.  These videos are way more entertaining than the movies.
In my opinion all marvel films suck but for some reason I enjoyed love and thunder  maybe the fact they're finally leaning into the goofiness and not pretending to be serious any more works for me
Dear Drinker,    YT recommended "St. Crispin's Day" speech with Laurence Olivier.  Hell, by the time King Henry is done orating *I* want to grab my sword and attack.    Who were they attacking?  I don't know.  Doesn't matter.  "This band of brothers ..."
1. Disney editor's are going to hold Disney's best interest.
deadpool did better
“His girlfriend”?! Homeboy was fucking epic lightskinneded sista Tessa Thompson while trying to marry Rita Ora at the same damn time?!
"Eat My Hammer" was the nail in the coffin
This reminds me of the difference between the star wars ot and the prequels. Lucas was always the man with the creativity and the vision for the story. This was true in both instances. However, in the OT he surrounded himself with talented people who checked him and ultimately resulted in a great product. By the time of the prequels he was surrounded by yes men who just worshipped at the altar of Lucas so he wasn't challenged or checked by them. This results in a prequel trilogy which still has the vision and heart of the OT, but with much more wooden dialogue and poor execution of scenes and technology.
Fat people aren't funny anymore
Thor girl ruined this franchise.
Would love to see what you could do given a budget like Love & Thunder.
You know it's bad when not even Chrsitain Bale could save it.
The best part of that play scene in Ragnarok is Odin/Loki's brilliantly delivered "Oh shit" under his breath when Thor shows up.
I am pretty sure I will never watch a Marvel movie again.  I will get my updates here.
I don't know. If it's the beginning of the film, he might just be establishing the tone, setting expectations and an audience address. Thor 3 has some dramatic heft and that's clearly something the drinker wanted. Maybe Taika was renegotiating and saying "I'm going to be screwing around for a couple of hours". Bond films have opening sequences that are superfluous - apart from buying goodwill and representative sampling of pleasures to come. Some sitcoms have opening scenes that are just sketches and don't feed into anything.
Melissa McCarthy is really funny but she has to be cast in the role of the bumbling nerdy character, someone everyone treats a a complete half wit, who actually turns out to have, oh, 3/4 wit and makes a few things happen.  "Spy" is a good example, although without Jason Statham one has to wonder if it would have worked.
I think that Tika is a genuinely good director when he works on a specific type of movie. His movie hunt for the wilder people was one of my favorite movies of all time, but that style of movie making doesn't translate well to big budget blockbusters
The director was contracted to make a second thor movie so he was forced to make the film so your ending analysis was wrong
When are people gonna realize that Marvel is mostly generic trash these days and stop flocking to every single new movie they put out?
Watiti is definitely similar to a George Lucas when given the complete freedom to basically do whatever he wants he will give in to his worst instincts and ridiculous excesses. It's not that there isn't genius but it's genius that needs to be kept in check. This is what happens when it's not kept in check.
The Drinker speaks.... the world listens
Gorr the God butcher --> Gorr the kidnapper  Thor the thunderer --> Thor the baby sitter
Speaking of Melissa McCarthy, this turd seems to have the same problems as the 2016 Ghostbusters reboot. Too many forced jokes and little else.
It’s a shame because it’s tainted Taika’s reputation. He’s truly a good director, just really let this one slip for a number of reasons. Disappointing if nothing else. I’ll see his next film(s), I just hope he doesn’t repeat the same mistake.
I thought that director was gay.
Any time I see Melissa Mccarthy on screen, I'm no longer interested.
How is this 6th on trending?!
I swear, I think they put McCarthy into movies just to piss the original fans off and to try and cause controversy so they can say "oh, ignore those misogynist.
Waititi must be a pain in the ass to work with.
UNWATCHABLE!
Totally disagree I Loved Thor Love and Thunder I think it was the best one so far action packed heartfelt and funny
i kinda liked the movie, the story had a lot of plot holes and problems but as a movie i thought it was funny and fun to watch. as a thor movie... it was lacking
Solid analysis. Keep it up you brilliant and articulate word smith.
My biggest issue with the movie is Thor seemed to have reverted to his pre-1st move character. Big dumb and boisterous.
I hate how they just have convenient major plot points
*Why the ever loving uckf would anyone put McCarthy in a marvel movie?!*
The main problem mostly everybody had with the movie, besides the cgi which wasn’t the movie’s fault, rather Disney’s fault, is that the humor just is much. It has so much humor that it just isn’t funny, and it feels bland through the entire thing. Another problem is the ending, as while I like Jane Foster sacrificing herself, it is overall too stupid.
They've turned Thor into a ditsy blonde and everything else is on par with the Ghostbusters reboot. I would say Bale was the only redeeming factor in the whole film.   I have a 10 and 7 year old that love the marvel films and even they didn't enjoy this film.  Couple of funny little bits but it's trying too hard and failing.
It went from trending at #6 to #3!
Eh, I just decided not to waste my time when Thor's human ex-girlfriend was suddenly She-Thor. I mean, maybe Thor's spunk has the power to make a girl worthy, but that's the most plausible explanation. Not worth the watch.
I hated the ending to Thor 11 thunder what was the thing with the kid at the end I’m confused and scared
I hated him as the villain in Free Guy he was super annoying but for whatever reason that movie was quite popular and then he thought he was the funny guy.
It honestly calls into question to some degree Taika's actual mental capacity that he made this sludge and is so absolutely lacking in any self awareness of how bad it is on so many levels.  Its one thing to lean into comedic elements ... but its quite another to make those element the dominant tone of a movie that is supposed to have an actual, serious point to it.  Ragnarok was comedic, but it knew when it was time to drop the jokes.  This movie doesn't know when to stop telling jokes. It's like the writers/director were mentally handicapped and unable to understand what "tone" is and when it is and isn't appropriate. This movie is the metaphysical equivalent of having been directed by someone with Turret's Syndrome.
I love how hating on marvel is more fun then talking about new theories
Glad i didnt watch it, i could tell how awful it is by the trailer .
What depth or dearth of talent is displayed by using MDamon in one movie,  unannounced in a farcical canon play. And repeat in a follow-on movie. If he'd used another Hiddleston stand-in, then ok. Maybe it's not amazing, but it could have been better, at minimum
Me and my friends watching this and the theater was empty and since it was so mid we started making a mess
I am not gonna lie. I enjoyed this movie a little.  Was it a great movie...  NO!  But it is nowhere close to being the worst MCU movie from Disney.
The main difference between Ragnarok and Love and Thunder is that only one of these films was written by Taika the other was not. Hmmm now I wonder which one it was?
It pains me very much that Ragnarok is one of my top 5 movies of all time and the 4th 1 is an steaming pile of shit I can't even watch it
Ach, quit being so logical.  Don’tcha know that you just need to explore your feelings and emotions to be a true creative?  (Actually, Melissa McCarthy can be funny.  But only when given good direction.  Like so many flops there is this weird idea that to get a good product you don’t need proper controls.)
Taika needs to step away from the Director's Chair and no one will get hurt....
You said it brother… now pass the whiskey.
Man I'd like to hear your take on House of the Dragon and its not so subtle woke and LGBT elements.
It didn't?
Love and Thunder and Wonder Woman 1984 both made the same mistake of letting the previous films director off the leash and they both suffered for it.
i dont like the children, also Corg(taika) narrating all the shtty scene
Taika RUINED the character Thor with Thor 3.  Adding humor?  Thats fine.  Turning a serious, warrior GOD into a joke?  Horrible.
My favorite parts of Thor movies are only Taika's scenes
The quickest way to ruin a joke is to repeat it. One of the most basic rules of Comedy and this is somehow lost on Tiki Waikiki ?
You should review the grey man next
Thor Love and Thunder is a perfect example of what happens when a director is surrounded by yes people who never say no.
I haven't made it past that stupid play scene.  When it started I was like, what, this again?  But while the first one was amusing because it was incongruous this was just much too long and very dumb and cringey
I was so ready for Love abd Thunder to be good. Ragnarok was pretty much one of the best MCU movies ever so ai figured he’s gunna kill it again, but man holy shit did he botch this. LAT is the worst movie in the Thor franchise. I would rather watch Dark World. I haven’t even watched LAT all the way through I just got bored and disgusted and I just turned it off.
When Marvel copies CGI from God’s of Egypt - A movie panned at the time, but in retrospect stands should to shoulder with Thor: L&T
Drinker gives a basic writing class, unfortunately for him, Hollywood isn't watching.
THE VIDEO WILL JORDAN DOESN'T WANT YOU TO SEE!!!!  https://youtube.com/watch?v=nrEx9aeTjPg&feature=share&utm_source=EKLEiJECCKjOmKnC5IiRIQ
Taika Waititi’s Thor journey is remarkably similar to Patty Jenkins’ with Wonder Woman.  A decent effort well supported by a talented and thoughtful writing followed by a solo turd by an over confident writer/director.  Hopefully Disney/Lucasfilm will give Taika the Patty treatment.
He kind of speedran George Lucas's descent with Star Wars with that one
For me the film felt more like a comedy special of Thor. I had a few laughs and action was okay. I went into the film with the expectation of action and crappy story, I was not expecting the humor to be above expectation but the terrible story felt a bit below par but its at least a good 6/10 movie for me.
i think it was a great movie
I give it 10 out 10 win 🏆. I liked it 👨‍💻.
Watching a Marvel cinematic or TV show with great anticipation has long passed.   I have moved through the time when I would give a cautious go to less well received output.  Now I generally give a miss, sight unseen, to the majority of Marvel cinematic/TV output.  Much as I love Guardian's of the Galaxy (so far), I am not ever going to press play on this effort.
God this movie sucked. Very disappointed ☹️
Acting was terrible
disney's push for woke agenda was what ruined this movie.
self-indulgence is a byproduct of success. The hot hand fallacy? Lol!
Disney buys up everything and screws it over as usual.
I liked how they showed eternity in the film. Was the best part.
Hi Drinker Man, I usually agree with you, but  I thought fat-Hella was hilarious. Love and Thunder wasn't as good as Ragnarock, but it was better and more enjoyable to watch then both of the "serious" Thor movies that earlier Marvel phases offered. I think the Thor and Captain America  movies both got better when Marvel realized that Cap needs to be Serious to be watchable (even though he's ridiculous) and Thor (especially Thor in space) needs to be funny in order to br watchable. Even Kenneth #$%king Branagh couldn't sell me a serious Thor. He honored all the movie-making skills you mentioned in your review here, but I can barely recall 2 memorable scenes from his movie.
The thought of Taika Waititi directing the next Star Wars movie is vomit inducing.
why yall being cry babies i truly enjoyed it the ending of endgame sucked but this movie was great people have become to use to crying over movies and shows over the smallest things
The brothers and Odin scene from Ragnarok makes me tear up every time
Grats on the trending mate, people clearly want answers and want Thor to be bad ass again lol
I think it was Loki ( Tom Hiddleston) thst kept all the Thor movies going
I didnt love it but i was pleasantly surprised how/why Jane had Mjolnir
the story itself was better, with it being about love and loss, the core story and message is one of the best things ever. the jokes are funny too, but its setups and payoffs arent as good as the last edition.
Quality!
Why put melissa McCarthy in anything? As soon as you see her you know it will be terrible
Did not watch the new movie, now I want to watch it less.
To be fair. The story is told from the perspective of Corg
bro i didnt even know thor the dark world existed i only watched thor ragnarok and unfunny and thunder
Love and thunder was one of the worst movies I've seen since "ghost busters" 2016.
when a film critic goes from roasting a film to roasting my life..
Yo, Waikeekee, you watchin' dis? OUCH!
Every movie with Melissa McCarthy in it is basically dogshit.
On trending bro👁️
oh no... a woman.. good job drinker. obvious neocon is obvious
I've found that certain people are only funny in certain media.  For example, Joe Piscopo was great in a sketch comedy show like SNL, but wasn't much elsewhere.  I put Melissa McCarthy in the "sitcom funny" category.  Can entertain for 20 minutes, but can't carry a full movie.
Taika Schumacher
What's with the underhanded critiques? Thor Ragnarok was actually a really enjoyable movie.
Issue Taika gave Thor success problem is they applied the same things to a darker story Haven't watched most recent marvel properties just feel like a waste of time a chore to watch
Even Disney plus has a new mighty ducks movie with a female coach, ok?
Want to watch a good movie? Watch bone tomahawk.
Getting Bale to play Gorr the God Butcher and COMPLETELY fkn him up.. just wow🤬
It didn't suck. It currently has 77% positive audience score and 64% reviewer score.  You aren't really understanding the words you're trying to use.
It's an example of "This worked in the last movie, so let's do it in the sequel" without any idea about WHAT worked and WHY.  My favorite example of this is the comedy in Star Trek V: The Final Frontier.   The previous film had comedy because it was a fish out of water story.  It worked there.  I STV, it didn't because most of the humor was, "the ship's a piece of crap" which makes one wonder why they don't assign them a working ship for the one mission.
I felt it was a nice chill just for fun movie.
All hail The Drinker and his ability to enunciate his Ts in a world where most people drop this "importan" letter like a bad date.
Why is everyone praising Ragnarok? God that movie was rancid.
Yeah I watched it the other day, it was shit as fuck
Hard to buy into a Viking story that includes Asians and Black people as Vikings...
wait how did the theater actors in the love and thunder movie knew the whole hela vs thor and breaking his hammer when they fought alone with no one around ? while the scene from the third film made more sense because loki was being odin so he was there so he might have gave them the script or something to work in his benefit
And here I thought it sucked because they gender swapped thor 🤣
Basically same thing what happened with wonder woman. The director got overconfident with the first movie, then on the second their arrogance killed it. Other people could not or haven't criticised director's work.
Thor: love and shit
I think my biggest issue is while, yes, Thor is a laid back God with a funny attitude, that doesn't mean all of Asgard and all of his storyline is like that. It's why Ragnarok is in my opinion the worst, it's not even freaking Ragnarok!!!!! After that movie, I've just kind of given up hope, kinda the same way the actors are looking nowadays.
Well to be fair to Melissa McKarthy, she was funny in The Heat with Sandra Bullock & Spy with Jason Statham
I never watched love and thunder, because I didn't care for ragnarok that much, Thor should be a serious warrior with a sense of humor, but not have it be the main focus of his character. Anyway when I saw Mccarthy on the thumb nail I thought it was just a digital add on, I mean there's no way they'd be that desperate for a background actor that they'd hire.... I apologize Drinker I'll never thought they'd willingly introduce poison into their movies like that...
Love & Thunder was such a parody that if Leslie Nielsen were still alive, you could've stuck him in that movie playing a Frank Drebin-like character and it wouldn't have seemed weird at all.
I've not seen the movie yet but the Asgardians put on plays to make a buck, yet they have advanced knowledge worth trillions of dollars & live as fishermen in a small coastal town...? Someone doesn't know how to write a story..... Dear Marvel, next time, ask me to write your stories.... All of them.... Better yet, just refer to your own comics.... ....and me.... ...'nuff said!
The thing that ruined it for me was with that theater scene it literally makes zero fucking sense. Loki died before coming back to New Asgard,  Thor fucked off and gave new Asgard to Valkyrie and Odin and hella died. So literally all four of the people who knew about that scene weren't around to tell people about it. That's why the Loki one made sense in Ragnarok, because like you said, Loki is self-absorbed.
Just watch how sad it would be for this movie that Black Adam & Shazam Fury of the Gods end up being better Thor movies than Thor Love & Thunder
Thor Ragnarok was absolute garbage not all to different from this cinematic cancer.
Jesus, you eviscerated taika waititi in a most brutal fashion. Good show, sir
Let's also not forget, the movie is cringe as hell.  Keep going bankrupt Bobs Disney!🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
The proof is in the pudding, Taika is a one trick pony, and that trick only works once.
Love and thunder have to many unnecessary scenes and unnecessary joke,gor was made into a mid to low tier vilan,by the mid movie it became really boring.
As solder boy would say, this film... A fucking disappointment Just a cheap fucking knock off
That episode is utter genius.
You should better compare Thor 1 with the rest of the shitty movies that came out after the first movie.  Every Marvel movie between 2008–2010, was pretty good and had humor and action mixed very good; afterwards Avengers, the movies went downhill with dumb jokes and stupid plots.
Holy shit trending man you did it
“It’s going to be important-t-t-t-t”
it's funny because she's FAT ... but we aren't allowed to say that out loud ... WTF
At your suggestion, I stopped consuming mouse turds a while ago.  Save your sanity and the 15% of your brain that is left and do the same.  You might get away with a public service announcement, but delve no further.
This movie like they actually not even trying to fixed thor
I hate Marvel movies very deeply. So as someone with no skin in the lore/cannon I found this movie to be a very funny action comedy.
Another well thought out, well constructed, and well delivered analysis from The Drinker. To be fair, I thought Melissa McCarthy was good in “Spy”. (When Jude Law gave her that cupcake necklace, I was cry laughing just a bit)
Lets just put it out there... The whole point of this movie is to make Norse methology and for that matter all other older methologies look stupid and insignificant, one might ask the man if he would appreciate the same done to his, I think not!
And then there was that whole weird subplot about Thor wanting his Hammer back and that mirroring him wanting Jane back, but it always just felt weird and out of place
I went to the premiere of this film at Leicester Square with Taika, Natalie and Tessa as guests. Taika said NON JOKINGLY - and I quote - "I'm sick of making films about white guys"..... Natalie Portman was sitting next to him laughing away (I guess she's white "passing") and Tessa Thompson smirking as well.  A lot of people in the audience "whooped" and clapped when he said that.....he was responding to a question from the audience who asked him whether he'd consider using hip hop music in a future Thor film as he used Guns n roses as the soundtrack for this film.....
Honestly I was all for the movie until the goat's showed up....Besides some very few but good moment with Christian Bale the movie went downhill from there,like really downhill and I know it's not perfect but Thor Love And Thunder really makes me appreciate Thor Ragnarok even more
MCU is doing this thing where they are hiring non fans to write and director their franchises. These ppl dont give a F abt the fans and only care abt their name in lights and that hefty paycheck. Thor and other marvel and DC movies will do good regardless in theaters. Shame tho, the substance will suffer bc Fiege is getting old and doesn't give shyte anymore. For instance, I heard the next FF movie is going to have comedy writers on it. WTF???
I watched it 3 days ago on Disney +....I kept saying out loud "What is this?!"
It's simply. You can't make a movie for kids and adults at the same time. You made Thor a giant pus. Dead pool had it right.
the producer revealed that goat screaming is taylor swift's idea
8:42 POV: You're the end result of Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr. both getting shoved simultaneously into that teleporter machine from The Fly and being perfectly genetically spliced together. Also, the machine makes you a pretentious douche, apparently.
This all started when the first sequel was made, nothing good ever comes of it.
It was a disaster
Also interesting, that Taika decided not to push on with Wellington Paranormal, which is a quirky funny low budget comedy, to essentially make this shit
And now that jooooooooouuuuwww will be directing a new Akira movie. SMH.
“I took 10 years off my life doing grams of gear for this movie? Fuck!” —Chris Hemsworth probably
Dude you have to do the Wheel of Time show. And talk about how Bezos got a bunch of lesbians to rewrite the story.
Bro, when are you gonna make another movie review?
It wasn't HORRENDOUS, but I'd give it a solid 5.5/10. Juuuust above average, but from a multi-billion dollar worldwide corporation featuring one of the most beloved superheroes of all time, this is simply unacceptable. It's blatantly obvious this is a quick cashgrab and obnoxiously so. I refuse to ever give my money to these films anymore.
👍🏻
Melissa McCarthy is in this movie, that alone makes it the worst movie of the decade.
Corg is the worst what a useless character that’s only there too crack a joke. He’s way to cringe, I wish Thor movies where better. At least Iron man, black widow, and captain America are dead; because Thor,Hulk,Hawkeye are being ruined over and over.
you nailed it.  exactly why i was so enraged about that movie.  thanks!
Love and Blunder signaled the end of the MCU. Enough with formulaic assembly line generic CGI crap. Lets move on.
Every about McCarthy is a "haha it's funny cause she's fat" joke. So embarrassing and lame
This movie was so fucking bad I couldn’t finish it. I made it a 1/3 of the way and turned it off. I would rather be locked in a room and played Warcraft over and over for 3 days straight than have to watch Thor: Love and Thunder
As usual... Spot TF on.
Ragnarok was unbelievably soo much better than Love and Thunder. Ragnarok is one of my favorite marvel movies and there certain scenes that make me laugh every single time. I really didn’t care for live and thunder at all. Way too much forced comedy that didn’t land at all and they wasted a great performance and villain in Christian Bale.
Don't open a video with explaining wtf a scene is, first and last time I'm watching ya like what are we all 6??
Taika Waititi is an overrated hack. For me everything he's done lately sucks---including Ragnarok, btw. Get rid of this guy, Hollywood; you're in enough trouble as it is....
I'd love to see more scene comparisons. Not necessarily just from remakes or sequels, but just scenes that have something in common. Hearing you break them down is really interesting.
After watching Thor: L&T, I fell like I wanted my money back and compensation for the hours wasted watching that load of shit. Someone should be sued into non existence!
Taika shouldn't be allowed near anything even slightly serious... he's a comedy writer. His part in Free Guy is literally how I reckon he is in real life lol he's a bit of a joke tbh
"Little blue baby icicle,"
I don't get why Thor was obligated to raise the daughter of the man trying to kill him, Jane, and every other god. Maybe if Gorr realized the error in his ways and sacrificed himself to defeat the overwhelming amount of shadow monsters.
I felt "threat" when Loki was introduced in the first Thor movie, nowadays he's just a comical relief due to a disrespecting series named after himself, Loki
u just don't get it... They "fixed" hela..that's why it's there...
I covered this exact same scene comparison in part 2 of my Love and Thunder vid (shameless plug), and one thing that always makes me chuckle is Anthony Hopkin’s performance as a Loki disguised as Odin. It simply adds another layer of gold to an effect comedic scene. In Taika’s new abortion, it’s “oh, it worked before, so let’s do it again!” But this time… Melissa McCarthy… 🤮
Infantile narcissism.
Your voice sounds like a bad guy in a movie explaining to the hero how he already lost before the hero executes him
WHAT IS THE GOSPEL? The Gospel is good news: Your debt has been paid; Your penalty has been carried out. That’s what the word “Gospel” means.   “Propitiation” in the Bible is defined as “the act of gaining or regaining the favor or goodwill of someone or something; the act of appeasement as in a sacrifice; specifically an atoning sacrifice.”   2 Corinthians 5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.   Jesus allowed Himself to be the appeasement to the Father for all our sins. He was not forced to do this, but did so willingly. (John 10:18) Also, He gave Himself as the pure and acceptable sacrifice, not only for God’s chosen Jewish people, but for everyone in the world for all time. (John 10:16)   For just a brief moment of His agony, our Savior experienced what it would be like to be separated from the Father forever. This was the moment He dreaded the most of the entire crucifixion, when God would have to look away as His Son took on every sin this world would ever commit. That would’ve been the moment when Jesus exclaimed; “My God! My God! Why have You forsaken Me?” (Matthew 27:46)    Being a perfect and righteous God, He can tolerate no sin whatsoever. There are people who believe they have never sinned, but Romans 3:23-25 and Romans 6:23 sets this straight. Romans 3:23-25; “for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, (24) and are justified by His grace as a gift, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus, (25) whom God put forward as a propitiation by His blood, to be received by faith. This was to show God’s righteousness, because in His forbearance, He had passed over former sins.” This is emphasized in Psalm 103:12 that states our sins are removed “as far as east is from west”. Only the perfect sinless blood of Jesus could accomplish this.   Going to Romans 6:23, we see just how the Father feels about sin, and just how important the sacrifice of our Savior really was; “For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.”   THE GOSPEL!   BELIEVE and RECEIVE Jesus' free gift of salvation: 📖1 Corinthians 15: 1-4  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the GOSPEL which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; By which also ye are SAVED, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ DIED for our SINS according to the scriptures; And that he was BURIED, and that he ROSE again the third day according to the scriptures:     The only hope we have is Jesus. Jesus is the answer. He’s the only answer, and He’s the only hope. And His return for us as His church is our only hope. That’s what the good news is.   In fact, in 1 Thessalonians, the first epistle that the Apostle Paul wrote, he shares the gospel in the context of the Rapture in Chapter 4 of 1 Thessalonians, saying, for we believe that Jesus was crucified, buried, and rose again on the third day, and He’s coming back again one day. That’s the good news.   RELIGION SAYS DO. JESUS CHRIST SAYS DONE!!   Soon one life will be PAST and that which only was done for Jesus Christ will LAST!   📖Ephesians 1:13-14 13 In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise, 14 Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.   📖2 Corinthians 11:3 But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.   Do You Know God Personally? God LOVES you and offers a wonderful PLAN for your life.   God’s Love “God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life”   God’s Plan [Jesus speaking] “I came that they might have life, and might have it abundantly” [that it might be full and meaningful” (John 10:10).   Why is it that most people are not experiencing the abundant life? Because…Man is SINFUL and SEPARATED from God. Therefore, he cannot know and experience God’s love and plan for his life.   Man Is Sinful “All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God” (Romans 3:23). Man was created to have fellowship with God; but, because of his stubborn self-will, he chose to go his own independent way, and fellowship with God was broken. This self-will, characterized by an attitude of active rebellion or passive indifference, is an evidence of what the Bible calls sin.   Man Is Separated “The wages of sin is death” [spiritual separation from God] (Romans 6:23). Man is continually trying to reach God and the abundant life through his own efforts, such as a good life, philosophy, or religion – but he inevitably fails. The only way to bridge this gulf…   He Died in Our Place “God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us” (Romans 5:8).    He Rose From the Dead “Christ died for our sins…He was buried…He was raised on the third day, according to the Scriptures…He appeared to Peter, then to the twelve. After that He appeared to more than five hundred…” (1 Corinthians 15:3-6).    He Is the Only Way to God “Jesus said to him, ‘I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father, but through Me’” (John 14:6).   This shows that God has bridged the gulf which separates us from Him by sending His Son, Jesus Christ, to die on the cross in our place to pay the penalty for our sins. It is not enough just to know this…We must individually RECEIVE Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord; then we can know and experience God’s love and plan for our lives.   We Must Receive Christ “As many as received Him, to them He gave the right to become children of God, even to those who believe in His name” (John 1:12)    We Receive Christ Through Faith “By grace you have been saved through faith; and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God; not as a result of works, that no one should boast” (Ephesians 2:8,9).When We Receive Christ, We Experience a New Birth ( John 3:1-8).   We Receive Christ by Personal Invitation [Christ speaking] “Behold, I stand at the door and knock; if any one hears My voice and opens the door, I will come in to him” (Revelation 3:20). Receiving Christ involves turning to God from self (repentance) and trusting Christ to come into our lives to forgive our sins and to make us what He wants us to be. Just to agree intellectually that Jesus Christ is the Son of God and that He died on the cross for our sins is not enough. Nor is it enough to have an emotional experience. We receive Jesus Christ by faith, as an act of the will. All the work of salvation was done by Jesus Himself. He took upon Himself the punishment for our sins as well as the sins themselves, and went to the cross and paid for every sin that would ever be committed throughout history.   WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE BORN AGAIN?...   The phrase “born again” applies to people who have accepted Jesus as their Savior or Redeemer. The born again soul realizes that they are a sinner (Romans 3:23) and that the penalty for that sin is death (Romans 6:23). To rectify the circumstances, God sent His only Son to die in their place, to take the punishment for sin (Romans 5:8). After Jesus’ death, He arose from the dead (1 Corinthians 15:3-6). Jesus is the only way to God (John 14:6) and He provides the blessing of salvation. Each person has the choice to receive or reject God’s gift through faith (Ephesians 2:8-9) and experience new birth (John 3:1-8).    WHAT IS BIBLICAL REPENTANCE? Biblical repentance is God centered repentance comes from the greek word 'METANOIA' which means change of one's mind and heart which imparts a new direction to the whole life. Repent (To repent, in relation to salvation, is to change your mind from unbelief to belief in Jesus Christ. To being dead in your sins to a new creature in Christ) and believe in the Gospel.   The ABCs of Salvation:   The A is for: Admit or acknowledge that you’ve sinned, that you need the Savior. Romans 3:10 says, “There is no one righteous, not even one.” Romans 3:23 tells us why. It’s because “All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.” Romans 6:23 says, “The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.”   The B very simply is for: Believe in your heart that Jesus Christ is Lord. Romans 10:9-10 says, “If you believe in your heart that God raised Jesus from the dead, you will be saved.”   The C stands for: Call upon the name of the Lord. Or as Romans 10:9-10 also says, “If you confess with your mouth Jesus is Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.” Here’s why, “For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved.” Romans 10:13 tells us how. It says, “All who call upon the name of the Lord will be saved.”   Here is the article on my website...https://www.rapturecountdown.com/eternal-life-through-the-shed-blood-of-jesus-christ-is-a-free-gift-that-you-can-receive-right-now/   My pdf on the TOP 20 END TIME SIGNS speaks on the 2 words CONVERGENCE and AGENDA that define the very final moments that we are living in! Please use it to wake people up in these very final moments!: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QHBx9Lq5bgla0PdKm8A7dt-9XWbzjS20/view?usp=drivesdk   We are on the cusp on the rapture!!   God bless
You're nearing forty-years-old, mate, why are you troubling yourself with reviewing and/or dissecting any more of this Disney Marvel trash in the first place? Weren't you the one who named one of your past vids, "Marvel Phase 4. Who Cares?" I've also noticed you continue reviewing that "She-Hulk" garbage as well, so, apparently, YOU still care, and that's pretty disappointing, man. Lastly, you talk a big game, but you can't commit to what you say at the end of the day.
Just keep this director away from franchises like these. The man is absolutely self absorbed. Believes his own hype, and basically does the same movie over and over
Well, she was funny on SNL portraying the press spokesman for the White House. I think it was Spencer?
Yeah, this movie looks like a big pile of 💩💩
And that stupid narration! What an idiot.
idk I kinda liked it
On a positive note, if Taika has to step down and can make more movie's like Jojo Rabbit as a result of this mess, than it's a win win I guess...
brilliant analysis of why the film is shit
Everyone thought that Dark World would always be the worst MCU movie - or at least the worst Thor movie - but now there's this one to fight for those spots
I was actually pleasantly surprised by Dr. Strange Multitude of Madness, thought it got too much flack. BUT THIS ATROCITY is the worst marvel production of all time. What a shame! Could have been a good movie :(
My god after watching this, I'm so glad I passed on watching this movie. Phase 4 MCU is truly and utterly shit.
Can't wait to see him review the new SHE Hellraiser movie.
Yeah Ragnarok was much better and actually hilarious. But Christian Bale did a good job.
Here's why Taika Waititi isn't funny..... His father was an artist of Te Whānau-ā-Apanui descent, whilst his mother, Robin Cohen,[10] was a schoolteacher.[11][12] Waititi stated that his mother's family were Russian Jews "mixed with a bit of Irish" and other European ancestry, while his father's side was "Māori and a little bit of French Canadian".[13] Waititi describes himself as a "Polynesian Jew"
I just automatically assume anything  being released now will suck and I hate that it has come to this.
OMG AGREE 100%. I made several attempts to watch it yesterday. It was so DUMB AND BORING I couldn't finish! It was so damned childish. Why would they give him full reign? Why wouldn't he collaborate with writers? How could he not REALIZE the writing was total crap??! I read a few reviews bashing it but they didn't get it, focusing on CGI and themes lol. The theme was fine. The CGI is besides the point. I immed thought of you. You did not disappoint :) Don't always see eye to eye, but can def agree on shit being shit!
yeah the theater scene is the point I nod off
It was an awesome pisstake from something that takes itself so F'ing seriously! Which is why I loved it. So tacky in parts, it was like,  how the fudge did he get away with it.  😂😂😂 10 🌟
I feel like this movie is an allegory for adulthood. Thor is trying his best to recapture the coolness he had before, but his spark is gone, and he just comes off as cringe and trying too hard. The movie somehow manages to capture that strange awkwardness and clumsiness of being an adult, and is somehow refreshingly relatable.  Also, I thought that all the stuff about the gods as an allegory about billionaires, modern capitalism, and cataclysmic climate change, was pretty clever, if not a bit on the nose.  Despite its many flaws, the movie did eventually win me over at the end.
Thor needs one of those franchise reboots like they done with Batman a thousand times, mcu Thor is just lame at this point, and we all know girl Thor is about as popular as she hulk or she Shazam, or Capt marvel or whatever tf it is now
I thought it was good until the end when they throw in some cringe kids to save the day and made a black kid the leader.
Ragnarok was terrible. No difference between the 2 films.
Every person went into that theater and expected Ragnarock 2.0 and that was mistake number 1 on everyone’s part! This movie was suppose to be the beginning of something new. A new chapter in the Thor world. No Asgard, so worthiness, no avengers and no Loki (and I think that is what people were most displeased with…). This movie had a good beginning, middle and end (don’t even argue with me that the kids getting thors powers was not super cool and totally different). Also I think a lot of people missed that Love and Thunder was told from Korgs POV, which is why everyone was just a little more over the top than normal. This was a solid good movie.
It was soooooo bad! It hurt my soul
She was never a funny lady
Honestly I absolutely love Ragnarok, love and thunder not so much. 😂
had no interest in watching
Waikiki is wearing a One Piece shirt on the set of a Marvel movie. He might just be a big troll.
I liked the movie.
As soon as it started I thought the director must be thinking "oh I know what'll be cool a call back to the last movie".
Yeah I don't think the categories are sufficient.  I think 4. "Being generally entertaining in some way" is missing.   If we were actually being rigorous, I'm sure we could think of others.  Your categories are each good ones, but they're arbitrarily limited.  I imagine because it gives you analytical license to disqualify anything you don't like as bad writing.
lmao what is this thumbnail?! mm?
When the movie started it was lack luster, but then I thought: "Hey, at least the soundtrack is good" .. then they fucked that up too. November Rain while children are attacking shadow beasts? wtf is that? Don't get me wrong I love that guitar solo, but it was insanely out of place.
Taika simply can't hide his hatred for White people and moronic White people keep giving him money.
And here I was thinking that superhero movie directors learned their lesson about rehashing ideas from previous films after the abysmal releases of Darkman 2 and 3. Guess not.
Wow, VERY good choice of scenes to compare! Really brings home the message from a perspective most wouldn't have even thought of.
8:20  No, she was never funny.
Watching this video just makes me want to RE-READ the entire run of "THOR" that was WRITTEN by JACK KIRBY.  Even some of the early episodes illustrated by other artists were probably better than these movies! (And I bet that's something you won't see ANYBODY else online ever say.)
I would rather see a Tim Burton directed Thor. That would be Fvcking awesome! 🤔
“Paint by numbers movie” was a hilariously perfect description
Too bad. I was really hoping this movie would have been Thor working with the Guardians of the Galaxy through out the entire movie. Doing buddy cop stuff with Star-Lord, instead we got Taika loving on the sound of his own voice.
I sincerely doubt Taika put as much thought and insight into that scene as you did, Drinker!
Critical drinker, you ate amazing, but stop reviewing shitty superhero movies ans i would like you to gibe youre review of good movies, like shawshank redemption or recently my fav. Movies of the last years: where crawdads sing, the vanishing of sydney hall, i origins or the ballad of buster scruggs
This movie is a huge waste of money
Melissa McCarthy is funny.  She's fat-cringe-physical-comedy-funny.  She took the torch when Chris Farley died.    Check out her Ranch Dressing SNL skit... it's hilarious.   Oh, BTW Drinker - quit being a !@$#
I just pirated this yesterday, and my friend couldnt understand why I thought it was trash.
Great analysis, as usual.  This is on my “won’t watch” list with “Captain Marvel,” “Ms. Marvel” and “She-Hulk.” I gave “The Eternals” a watch and regretted it.  Very little “Marvel product” to enjoy these days…
I liked the black and white fight scene
Batman & Robin is better than Thor Love and Thunder.  I mean it.
This movie was so bad that i shut it off (which i very rarely do) and for unknown reason continued watching a week later and now i don't remember if i finished it.
New spiffing brit video. Awesome.
I can’t even believe the $hit that you show in this review is actually part of an MCU “Thor” movie.  It kinda hurts to watch it.  Uncomfortable embarrassment.  Way more if I was sitting with the actors or director. For YEARS NOW, we sadly look at the growing pile of $hite movies and lament WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN.
I still haven't seen Thor Dumb and Dumber or Doctor Strange Multiverse of Badness but I did see Mauler's 'longman' analysis of it and that told me everything I need to know. Phase Bore certainly looks like Marvel just spinning its wheels at the moment, dangling a lot of shiny keys and references and cameos for viewers that are getting bored since Infinity War and Endgame that's for sure. After you have a huge event like that everything else is going to feel like a step down that's inevitable. I know Spider-Man Far From Home felt like that, not least because the goofy, silly humor in it feels like it belongs in a National Lampoon's movie NOT SPIDER-MAN. It's the kind of 'teen comedy' crap that just feels dated. Think American Pie, something like that. I also feel like they wasted 3 films with a supporting cast I never really cared about. Harry Osborn has a much better story arc than that blob Ned or the whiny liberal SJW hipster they replaced Mary Jane Watson with... just saying and by the way REDHEAD LIVES MATTER.
You're #7 on Trending, awesome.
Why doesn’t the director go by his real last name?
They cut a scene were zeus teaching thor how to use thunder bolt and it was amazing
Who loves the sound of his own voice more, Taika “The Tit” Waititi or Lin-Manuel “Please Shut The Fuck Up You Can’t Sing” Miranda?
But haven't you heard? It's light hearted and "fun" therefore all criticisms are to be discarded.
My opinion on it: it’s a good Thor movie but not a good mcu movie
I think the idea of the movie really works- just a shame the first two acts were a clown show.
The first thor was the only good one.. change my mind
in the cinama i actually fell asleep woken by my boys laughing
In the montage I saw Taika wearing a hat indoors. That told me all I need to know. Lack of class at its finest. Also, it’s obvious he doesn’t give a shit about showing respect to European mythology.
This sh*t is really hard to watch. It's really a shame, as "What we do the the Shadows" was amazingly funny. Honestly, what the heck is he doing?
Loki should've been in Thor 5.
Watch the Christian Bale parts then turn off, only good thing about the movie.
It was good.
From the thumbnail I thought Thor married a Karen.
Love and Thunder sucked ass....couldn't even watch the whole thing in one sitting.
How can a movie with this budget and these Actors be worse and less well received than the first X-Men movie from 2001 or the first Blade movie? Oh wait, because they were actually trying to tell a story that made sense and didn't try to push an agenda from an untalented goblin twunt.
I feel like this is one of those situations where the next movie out in the future will suddenly make this movie seem awesome and it'll just keep going on and on and on
Adding Melissa McCarthy was exactly what the fat acceptance people accused End Game of doing with fat Thor. The difference was, Thor being fat was a good joke because he is usually a cast from bronze, idolized muscly god who turned into a human slob. The contrast was what made it funny. That and Hemsworth's good comedic timing. Where as Hela bursting through the screen and it's an overweight famous actor who Hollywood casts because she is big, is the whole joke.  And I thought making fun of fat women was the new thing we aren't allowed to do......feels a tad inconsistent, doesn't it.
Taika's ego is will be the death of him
Simply put, you nailed it. The first thing I said after 28:23 seconds of this movie was, what a disaster this waste of time and money was. After that I tortured myself to finish it with a lot of drink and bathroom breaks. There was nothing worth noting in this pathetic tragedy of amateurish film making. Good thing I subscribed on the Disney+ for only a $1.99 for one month, because that’s all this sad film was worth. Canceling after I finish watching Andor.
Wierdly i didn't like Ragnarok but I enjoyed love and thunder when I stopped taking the movie seriously
Dang almost 700k views in 7 hours?? It’s almost like this kinda thing has been irking all of us lately..
Melissa McCarthy is not funny. Never has been. NOW she's going to be Ursula in the Little Mermaid. I'm very curious if its going to be a "classic" Melissa performance like this one or Ghostbusters OR if the director actually made her act a different way.
Excellent explanation of the Thor Love and Thunder fail fest. Ragnorak created a real issue about anything Thor did later. How can a God be a God when he can't even defend his own home.
You need to understand - Waititi has a political agenda against European tradition. He knows EXACTLY what he is doing. This is one more example of how the left undermines our societies by wrecking every myth we had.
Sucks because it’s woke and jokey too much.
Just a sheer waste of talent. I've watched all the Marvel films & shows.. Couldn't get past 10 minutes of this movie.. the Van Dam splits kick.. fuckin please..👎
because watiti is never any good
Agreed: Taika's got talent, but a little goes a long way. "Ragnarok"? Just enough Taika. "Love & Thunder"? Apparently *way* too much Taika.  Thor in "Ragnarok" loosened up & was (to me) just funny enough, without losing his edge of bada**ery. (And Dr. Strange was in *command* of magic in that movie, even "owning" Loki.) Then only a few MCU movies later, Thor (and Strange) were...kind of pathetic, reduced nearly to figures of fun -- in their own films! -- in service to "The Message." Bait, meet switch. Title character becomes sidekick.  (See also: "Mad Max: Fury Road." For God's sake, this supposed legend gets his own car stolen from him by some random punks, then gets tied to his own hood or otherwise sidelined for most of the movie. Miller, if you'd told me this was going to be a Furiosa movie, I'd've still bought a ticket, and it was objectively a well-crafted film. But I resent the chicanery.)  Nobody *wants* parameters or constraints, but I firmly believe almost everybody *needs* them. Tracks don't "oppress" trains, riverbanks don't "oppress" rivers, schedules & budgets don't "oppress" artists -- they guide them, help keep them on track.  One of the worst things that can happen to an artist is being allowed to do whatever he wants, because he's too big for anyone to say "no" to anymore. "OMG, George, of *course* we want more 'Star Wars'! Sure, write & direct the whole thing yourself, after barely writing anything for the past couple decades! It'll be *fine*!" Etc.
I just came here to say that Rita Repulsa really let her self go.
It was okay IMO
Brutal Drinker, but accurate. Another great synopsis.
I have not read the comics or have watched the movie but this begs the question:  What would those surviving deities should do after witnessing their murdered comrades, hide in a city and do a lot of debauchery and festivities?
I am a little disappointed in the movie, because the only good character in the entire movie was gorr, and I wanted him to win because everyone else was so annoying.
Don’t you well that the makers of Love and Thunder are watching this video and making notes. Critical drinker knows how it’s done, but Hollywood have shunned him for his honesty. Honesty in a world of make believe is wasted.
God I hate Taika so much. He's the class clown who never grew up, ironic cus he isn't even funny.
Do a video on how you'd fix the next Thor movie
Leave writing to writers
The best ever example of a meta-play recapping the events of a story while the real characters watch is the episode 'The Ember Island Players' from AVATAR: THE LAST AIRBENDER.  That episode is utter genius.
Is it bad, that this is my least hated of modern Marvel movies?  I wouldnt say it was in any way good.   But (with possible exception of spiderman), marvel films have become pretty unwatchable for me of late - and this one, was at least a brainless thing which made me chuckle a few times.
At the end when you said he was buying in to his own hype and all that, I felt sure you were going to tie it back in to the theatre scene from Ragnarok. Just like Loki he became decadent, complacent, and self-confident, and put on a production to showcase that
Well they made as forget super man mustache
Correction - Melissa Mcarthy was perfectly cast as the villain
message to directors on how to put movies together?   try having some opposition in your ranks. stay grounded by being surrounded by equals... not sycophants.
I thought the director was on crack after watching that turd.
First time stumbling across your channel finding this video, subscribed!
'He wanted the payoff. The cheap and easy laughter. The quick dopamine hit without doing any of the work needed to make it successful.'  Sounds like he's a product of this generation. 🤷🏾‍♀️
I wonder whether movie producer/director/actors watch The Critical Drinker.
Sadly this is a great analysis.
These past few days watching my crypto portfolio decline is very disheartening.  Holding doesn't really profit much.  Any ideas on how to earn better on the short run?
I'm pretty sure Disney's only concen is making money. They know goofy cgi fests will get them views, maybe not in usa so much but who cares right? they have china
The barely surface-level writing and shortcut mindset was this entire film. It's a shame, too, because I really, REALLY would rather have enjoyed it. But I guess it's just as well, the MCU can't be fixed at this point anyway, so whatever.
If your movie is full with and run based on jokes, the movie is a joke.
Maybe he fucked it up on purpose so this hero movie fad finally dies and he gets to do movies about anything else. Based mr watiti
Nah, burst into laughs with the last scene, love it. Sometimes a pen it's just a pen mate.
The director is an untalented diversity hire so what do you expect?
I must be the only person who never understood why there was a "New Asgard" at the end of Endgame or how Korg is even alive.  When at the end of Ragnorak, and beginning of Infinity War, Thanos destroyed the Ship holding ALL the Asgardians. and Korg was in there as well lol.  and Hulk, Loki, Idris, and Thor were the only ones who survived   Like there shouldn't even be a "New Asgard" or any Asgardians left whatsoever. including the guy's doing the plays (Matt damon, etc...)
This movie was terrible because they only cared about pushing woke ideology and having a female lead. The writing is sooo f#king lazy! Nothing makes sense and the humor is terrible. Hemsworth is not ryan renolds. Its not natural.
I never liked Thor Ragnarok, it was a weak bastardisation of Planet Hulk, a much better story IMHO.
I really don't care what Tiki Tuttifruitti has done. F that dude right in his pompous kvnt. Any director that deliberately, purposefully (to quote Agent Smith) goes out of his way to insult fans of the IP he's appropriated can pound sand. And Ragnarok was a technicolor pool of hot sick. Thor has been reduced to a cheap comedy character.
Even my 13 year old hated it!  Everything that comes out of Hollywood is created by people suffering from female empowerment psychosis!
A real missed opportunity .
For Christ sakes, stop watching superhero movies. Grown Men, shouldn't be watching media, that was originally intended for children, and adolescents
Ragnarok has got to be one of the worst of all the marvel movies. It absolutely destroyed the character of Thor. It was almost an anti-Thor movie.  I loathed it it was so bad. This movie love and thunder I honestly can’t tell you if it was worse or not. I thought the idea was at least better. Two of the worst movies. but Christian Bale his acting was superb even if the story was stupid. So it makes it a better movie simply because of him. But yes both I would give them negatives as anti-Thor movies
If you can stomach Rings of Power you’ll have enough content for a couple years’ worth of videos like this. Keep up the good work!
Bravo Drinker, bravo 👏👏👏
The only witnesses to Hella coming back would have been Thor and I’m pretty sure he didn’t put the second play together so how did they even know what happened?
Thor L&W was a retread of Ragnarok not only with play scene, but jokes as well. The one that comes to mind was the one where Thor talks about putting a team together
What also didn’t work for that play in love and thunder was that the audience didn’t the characters as intimately as the ones before. The Asgardians understood the play because they actually knew how Thor and Loki are as people why the humans that watched did not.   It’s like watching scary movie and not understanding the jokes and references because you never saw those movies that the spoof is making fun of and in turn the laughs don’t feel earned as a result.    But that’s just my opinion. What about you guys?
Most of the shitty movies recently are due to good directors mistakenly believing they are good writers. Waititi isn't the first and definitely not the last.
so the play in LnT would have been amazing if we learned that Hela was the owner/creator/influence over Gor via the necrosword.....
the "Play " scene can't even be considered funny in eyes of RULES OF LIBERALS, because IF you laugh at the Play scene in Love and Thunder (Blunder? )  you are offensive.  Why?  BECAUSE IF WE LAUGH at the Play scene in Love and blunder we are racists and FAT HATERS...you see, one of the women actors playing Hela is a fat woman.  very fat.  BUT IN TODAYS rules, you are not aloud to laugh AT THE REAL sarcasm/parody WHICH IS CLEARLY implied, when the portray the GREAT HELA, as a fat woman who does not portray power.  I , myself and am being sarcastic, but you understand what I am talking about...right?
WTF was that woman, calling herself a King ffs? Oh, and why was Portman calling herself The Mighty Thor, Thor was his birth name not some monocle that came with the hammer... weirdly confused film?!?! But yeah, garbage.
This whole thing reminds me of the Avatar TV show, that fake anime some Americans put together. In the final seasons of both The Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra they had recap shows. In TLA they did it by way of a theater scene with the main cast watching a bunch of Fire Nation actors portray them. It was alternately hilarious, awkward, and poignant and it stands as one of the best and most memorable episodes in a series I regard as a towering achievement (especially given that it's supposed to be children's entertainment). In TLoK, instead of repeating themselves, a pair of main characters plot how they'd make a "mover" (the in-universe version of a movie) about their adventures, with the Tony Stark-like inventor/investor character and one of the main male characters stuck on a boat or a wagon or something (I don't really remember) and that episode stands as one of the best ones of a series that, while perhaps not as good as TLA was still pretty darn good. I think it's a credit to the creators and writers. They didn't crawl up their own asses and let the hype get to them and instead of repeating themselves like Waititi tries to do here they came up with a clever way to accomplish a similar goal and made it memorable in a different way.
Hey now, we on trending!
I walked out on this movie
I didn’t make it halfway through this hot garbage. Sooooo glad I didn’t buy tickets to this self obsessed dumpster fire.
That scene was painful
trending...wow
Thor Ragnaschlock was just as bad as Thor Love and Slumber.
Australian    dislike
Taika Waititi is the kind of guy who lights his flatulence on fire at a party for a few cheap, juvenile laughs. Giving him complete creative control over one of the last best hopes for a decent post-End Game Marvel movie was one of the dumbest moves ever.
Melissa McCarthy is the only actress I actively dislike, I've seen her in a number of things and have never enjoyed her performance. She actually was the only reason I didn't seen the ghost busters remake.
Genuinely outrages me how poorly Norse Mythology is treated in the hands of these clowns. When Asgard was destroyed in Thor: Ragnarok, that stupid moron rock character (played by the even more frustrating director) made a funny quipy Marvel joke at the DEATH OF THOR'S HOME, CULTURE AND CIVILIZATION. Treating that as a joke is seriously disgusting, Infinity War at least had the decency to let Thor grieve.  I am a massive fan of Norse Mythology and seeing it treated this way is frustrating as there was a genuine chance to show a massive global audience just how incredible the stories and characters from the mythology can be.
Taika was just doing a self ego project his stupid character was in nearly every scene I was so happy when he died but nope he fucking survived.
I think women like Melissa McCarthy, that's why she's in there, the whole movie was made for them.
Russell Crowe tippity tapping down the stair with a skirt was kinda hilarious, tho.
“If you want to know if it’s a stinker, go and ask your buddy Drinker!” Feel free to never use that awful statement
6:27   You literally just explained the entire of every scene in this movie
Brutal!  But a fair cop
i would like to see you make a movie tbh, since ur such a pro at this 😭
Overstating the case I'd rather watch Love and thunder than the first two Thor movies of course it's not nearly as good as Ragnarok they tried something they failed at it instead of being cunts about it let's give them fucking constructive feedback so they fix shit instead of just doubling down on their bullshit like look how bad She-Hulk is it's cringy bullshit I didn't like Thor love and thunder as much as Ragnarok now have a wonderful afternoon
I will say, Melissa McCarthy was pretty funny in the heat.
I tried to watch it, but I couldn't. Just one dumb joke after another. They just wouldn't stop.
I don't get why studios how directors to also be the primary writers. Makes no sense to me, just because you understand how to direct doesn't mean you know how to write.
“I’ll ruin your mythos in a minute baby.” That’s enough to explain TL&T
It felt like watching family guy. Taika is overrated as a director.
This movie was like watching a 3 hour Saturday Night Live skit but without the humour and entertainment. Every line spewed from the actor's mouths was so phychologically damaging it manefested into a brain tumor. It was bad, so bad I can't describe it , it deserves a new word in the oxford dictionary. This movie was so bad I should file a lawsuit for cruel and unusual punishment. The CIA should start a new interrogation program, it would be a person locked in a room with this movie on repeat.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWoM01WD7JifRBYV9jQ3XzA?si=ELPmzJkDCLju2KnD5oyZMQ
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWoM01WD7JifRBYV9jQ3XzA?si=ELPmzJkDCLju2KnD5oyZMQ
i blame all of you who called Ragnarok a good movie. it wasn't, Taika believed the lies, and now look where we are.
She was funny in spy, and that stolen identity movie she did with jason bateman     and that's pretty much it.
The movie was made for 10 year old girls and thier mums
I did do world building, Asguard is now a tourist attraction. So they kinda....... Maybe?
You're being too generous.  Thor: Ragnarok sucked too.
Me and my sister liked Thor: love and thunder, but I like watching these because its nice to see how I could've liked the movie more, and I 100% agree
Waaaaaa I don’t like the director. Entire movie review with one scene. There was a lot to complain about.
The only MCU movies Ive watched more than once was Winter soldier and no way home. It's like these movies were not memorable you watch them you go ooh ah cool and then they're gone like fireworks. I watched Everything Everywhere all at once like 10 times already. I'll never watch an MCU movie that much. They just don't stick like the masterpieces
I wonder if Taikas career arch will mimic M Night Shyamalan? lots of hype and early success followed be a few years in the wilderness before a come back? I know for me personally their projects are taking similar paths - was a time I would watch anything they made....then not so much...I do like the more recent Shyamalan offerings..we'll se what happens with Taika....
eh i still thought it was funny. not the most amazing film but it was okay
Such a shame that Christian Bale gives a superb performance but it’s totally out of place in this movie
Thor love and thunder sucked because mellisa is in it as hella
Videos like this are the reason I watch this channel. Some nerd rage against the latest mega corporation failure is entertaining, don´t take me wrong. But explaining how to good scenes are made by comparison with not so good material is a great way to teach, and a talented writer can make it entertaining. Good job drinker, the scotch is on me tonight!
The Original Godkiller story was GOOD in a time when Marvel was turning into crap.. This movie could have been sooooo good but they had to go and eff it all up...
How in the Hell did an actor like Cristian Bale put up with a director like Taika Waititi?  Also, I had no idea Melissa McCartney was in this movie
I never even watched thor 2 or 3
I skipped this one since I had a feeling it wasnt going to be good.
Sad that the MCU wasted Bale and Gorr
No 10 on trending. Can’t believe it 😮. Keep up the great work
Be cool if he cut out the language on these videos. Good insights but all the f bombs are annoying.
I laughed when the scene started in Love and Thunder, because of the callback, but then started cringing because of how bad it is.
Why does CD keep showing shots of Hal Linden?
Dude it's not that bad yall gotta chill lol
Do you think when they were watching the final cut, Christian Bale was sitting there like, "Jesus christ I thought you all said you've done this before"  I am no expert, but it FEELS like a critical issue when by the end of the movie you are cheering for the villain because they are the only compelling character left. I'd rather watch that guy slay some Gods than... uh, any of what actually happened.
The only thing I loved about this was Bale Hemsworth the start and the cool finish on the white black planet. Other 90% was a waste. Bale as always was fucking amazing sad to see him and his character wasted.
Well said,Sir! But I have to admit I often laugh at Melissa McCarthy😂
The Thor character is unrecognizable in this movie. They turned him into a goofball. I feel bad for the true Thor fans, they must be so disappointed. Not to mention Chris Hemsworth, he deserves a *good* Thor movie.
Personally I thought the film was fine. It doesn’t live up to Thor: Ragnorok and it certainly didn’t make me want to watch it again. If this is where the MCU is headed, then I can’t keep watching the same sh*t over and over again. It worked for the last 10 years but at least it had characters I was invested in. This new phase of the MCU has barely any characters that I enjoy especially since they like to ruin previously loved characters like Hulk and Thor. The MCU might not have changed but the people who have watched it sure have. The MCU needs to slow it down and rethink its whole formula or else your 4 year plan to have 3 phases shoved together won’t work. It might be working now but times are changing.
Watching this in the cinema was absolute torture, I wanted the movie to end as fast as possible and delete it from my memory. There are so many flaws in it, where to start? One of the questions I asked myself was : How can the protagonist that led an army of men, whom one fault was being overconfident, has now become a nervous, fidgety guy?
#10 on trending  Nice drinker. Nice. Drinks on me
Wait... wait... I think I got it.  Thor 1984
Come on Drinker, you are an intelligent fellow, - explaining a subject like that  is the same as to explain why a stone sinks when it falls into water.  The title of this movie alone is appalling enough, as not only it sounds like a  bad joke - yet more so: sounds like something to stay away from, most definitely.
good job, man!
I was surprised they didnt go more of an alien look for Gorr... like I get it they didnt wanna cover Bale face but still his voice is just as good and second I understand they didnt wanna put a black thong on him so with his white cloak was fine I just wish they kept the comic actual look...
I tried watching it twice, and turned it off. Honestly I love the cast so much but it was so cringe with over the top bad humour. They’ve ruined Thor’s character.
This seems to happen often, where someone in Hollywood directs a successful movie and then are given complete control over the next movie or so. Happened with George Lucas with the Prequels and the Wachowskis with the Matrix.
I think the only thing that the play in love and thunder accomplished was letting people who didn't see ragnarok get up to speed on required knowledge for this film. But yeah definitely was lacking compared to ragnaroks play.
Best wishes
Ok I'm up for anything but the deeper meaning of this touched me hard with love and why love sucks and the gamble of if a relationship will work out or not, everything else just seemed goofy but I'm not big with these marvel movies if anyone can fill me in on why people absolutely think this movie is dog water please lemme know
Always love a new video from what Twitter tells me is one of the worst accounts in existence. 😂 I may try to suffer through the latest Thor movie since my Disney+ subscription doesn't end until November.
That scene in Thor: Ragnarök also showed that Thor was no fool. He see's through the visage and can tell it's Loki. This sets it up nicely for when later in the movie Thor see's through another of Loki's tricks and gets the upper hand on him.
Seems kinda like Wonder Woman and Wonder Woman 1984. WW directed by Jenkins was pretty good, ending seemed rushed but was a pretty good superhero movie  So let’s give Jenkins unlimited control and we we get 1984
Someone hand Drinker the keys to Phase Five. We may have just found the right person to turn this franchise frown upside down.
It's a struggle to get through phase 4 content. Almost feels like a job now.
Why does this dude always sound like he's clenching his teeth while talking lol
Writer /Director is always a red flag and almost always a bad idea. They are 2 different jobs requiring 2 different sets of talents.  Even George Lucas' Episode IV was only the success it was because he had close friends able to tell him "no, there's a better way to do this."  Taika Waititi should've immediately been pulled from Lady Thor when he said "the audience doesn't know what it wants until I give it to them."  Translated, he's saying, "I'm such an egotistical narcissist that I don't care to understand what the customer wants." If you don't know what your customer wants, it's blind luck if you make the right product. You're throwing darts blindfolded after being spun in a few circles and just hoping you hit the wall the board is on, never mind the dartboard or actual bullseye.  What I like most about Critical Drinker's reviews is that he squeezes more entertainment and information into a product that has 5% of the viewer's time requirement compared to what he's reviewing. The Drinker understands what his audience wants, humor (entertainment) and information, and he provides it in a concise, useful format that respects his audience's time.  As it is, I was never going to watch Lady Thor. I can't stand the hypocrite Natalie Portman, the narcissist Taika Waititi, or the Abrams-esque over the top effects used to hide lack of story. I would like to thank the Drinker for valuing my time and confirming that this is a movie I didn't need to see and wouldn't have enjoyed.
The fucking GOATS were enough for me!!!!! Nuff said. 😤
To me the thing that sucks the most is that the POTENTIAL was there for this to be an amazing movie. You could actually say this about a majority of the Phase 4 stuff, unfortunately it takes a lot more than just potential to carry a project and it's really shown
All of them after they replaced his hammer sucked
This video is TRENDING. Great job Drinker.
The worst part about all of this is that Thors life could be a perfect font of dramatic story telling. He’s lost both parents, his brother, homeland quite literally destroyed, and his civilization reduced to barely enough people for a single village. For all intents and purposes the Asgardians are on borrowed time.  But nah, let’s make him the funny joke man.
And if you compare the box office between Thor Ragnarok and Thor 4, Disney Plus didn't exist in 2017 so it made more. But Thor 4 still made over 750 million dollars. Since when is that a disaster.
It's pretty bad when the greatest amount of humor that can be wrung out of a scene is the movie saying "Hey look! Here's that one actress that no one thinks is funny!"
I thought it was somewhat enjoyable but þe cancer plot and CGI are unbelivably bad
I still wonder why they didnt put the deleted zeus scene
Thank god my country ban this movie
To be fair I wholeheartedly hated Thor:Ragnarok so I watched Love & Thunder with a huge amount of low expectations and only because it was on D+ and I had nothing else to do that evening. I was surprisingly disappointed again.   I just can't bear all the lighthearted and mostly meaningless humor that gets vomited on you every 3-5 minutes in a setting that should be darker and "moodier" compared to the rest of Marvel, the first 2 movies were bad but at least they were bad just because they were done badly, not because they were inherently flawed in their origin. People complained too much about Thor being over the top dramatic about its plot but that's how it should be, you need something dramatic to balance the overall lightness of the MCU. Now everything is just a funny adventure without many stakes because you know that at the end of the movie the big bad guy will be dealth with and (almost) everyone will be ok, it's no fun to not feel the danger. I also believe that Loki and Thanos hard carried the MCU simply because they were antagonists that didn't just die after their first appearence, I honestly hope that the MCU does not start killing/removing main or side characters at the end of each movie like they started doing since Endgame.  I confess I liked the first moments of Ragnarok up until Odin's death, the the movie started tanking for me, yeah some of the jokes were good but the overall tone was leaving me with a bad aftertaste in my mouth, as if I was eating something with too much sugar. Love & Thunder left me with that feeling multiplied tenfold.  tl:dr:  Didn't like ragnarok, liked this one even less, MCU bad since Endgame and was barely holding by before that.
Learning more about good writing from you than I ever did in school. Stay critical, drinker ❤️
I literally just couldn't get through the first 30 minutes. I felt like I needed to go to the hospital with the amount of tonal whiplash and shitty jokes were thrown at me.
I loved it. It's hilarious and will become a cult classic
It's entertainment and I was entertained. Mission accomplished.
critical drinker in my eyes is a good movie critic probably one of the best i have seen but he makes it too hated/personal to get into like the tone he complains in his obsession with THE MESSAGE  and and the jumping on slight mistakes.  that said i think his points for this video are valid just he delivers the review like the end goal is to make me hate taika watiti and lets be real if u can find me a director who can make a movie that interest marvel audiences after all these years and phases please show them too me i feel running someone down because they make movies and it didn't turn out great is actually sad and half the time misplaced from people who wish they had their job.  that's why i cant vibe with critical drinker he seems so mean and aggressive to jump on people that  it feels like jealously or a attempt to get me to hate these people although i don't think this is the case i personally cant sit through these anymore without becoming annoyed  at how aggressive and mean critical is about the dumbest stuff  and obviously when it corporations like Disney or massive studios who cares but i really cant understand the aggression toward directors and actors like the mellisa mcarthy [has this woman ever been funny line]  seems like just hate to me he the way he says it is basically the same vibe im taking about this whole comment like he actually hates her for not finding  her funny
Taika’s strategy for this film seems to be the same strategy for Disney’s newest everything. Someone said they were calling it “scrapbooking”. It might work well for something where the director does everything and has no time limits and a static budget (like a lot of vanity projects). But we’re talking about multi-billion dollar properties that have a limited shelf life. Disney is squandering it’s IPs and the opportunity cost is totaling in the billions of dollars (not including toys and other merchandise). They will probably go down in history as a Don’t Ever Do This business example.
Apparently at some point Taika said something about "destroying your mythos in a minute, baby."  Rian Johnson is strong with that one.
Melissa McCarthy may not be funny, but spy, is absolutely one of the funniest movies. (In my opinion)
Thor Ragnarock was complete piece of shit with zero redeeming quality.  yet it was still better than Love and Thunder.
I didn't have too many issues with this film when I first saw it, I thought it wasn't as bad as I would expect, but it was kind of just a very "meh" film. The more I think about it, the more it starts to fall apart though. And I personally don't like the kid who wanted to call himself Axel because of Guns and Roses. Even though it involves a fictional character, it still feels disrespectful.
Honestly I don't think it was worse than any of the other Thor movies.
i sat and watched this movie in theaters when it dropped and i had the exact same thoughts when watching that scene. I saw exactly what Taika tried to do but those nuances of what makes a scene were missed completely; nothing came out of it. what makes matters worse is that bc the ragnorok scene was intentionally a "bad" play, this one was done in the same manner...except it overdid the "bad" part and added nothing to the movie so after 30 seconds, i was in pain that they kept it going for another minute. i'm not saying marvel movies are the epitome of storytelling and writing, but there was a level of intrigue that they used to deliver in their movies that they've now sacrificed for cheesy jokes and social agenda pushing narratives.
Also See Filmento When a director becomes too powerful
Well, at least Melissa McCarthy finally managed her way into a real superhero movie. Seriously,  who is she blowing??
Thought this movie was great for the most part
thor love and thunder I actually like it I mean one or two parts was meh .. but its better than she-hulk and I like that they took jane and her cancer out of the comic books .. but ya you have a point this was weak out of his other movies but still better than she-hulk ..and ya they could had cut out the theatre scene
Disaster? This movie made over 700 million dollars. And I really love to see a film critic write a script. You seem and other critics seem to be knowledgeable about the film industry so I would really like to see a movie written by a social media film critic that fixes some of the issues professionals seem to miss.
Wow, this looks cheap af 🤮
I hate this blasphemic BS.
i personally liked it
I think the kiwi would be the perfect director to make Deadpool movies with Ryan Johnson.
This phase 4 of Marvel movies are a joke! It’s treating us the audience like if we are dumb by making the characters dumb and annoying, same thing happen with Spidey’s last movie! Remove the nostalgia (old Spider characters) and the movie was average at best.
Too many ads!
This movie suffers the same illness as Deadpool 2. They basically took the little pieces that kinda worked in the last movie and pump them up in the next times 1 million, making what is basically an hyperactive overdose of nuisance mess.
As I've stated previously, the movie made money.  Box Office was around $760 Million, per Wikipedia, on a Budget of $250 Million.  If you take into account the cost of Advertising and Marketing, the total cost of this movie was around $500 Million, then the movie made $250 Million.  As long as today's audiences continue to go see this garbage, Phase 5 will be successful after this very mediocre Phase 4.  That's not saying Marvel/Disney was probably somewhat disappointed the movie only made a 1/4 of a Billion dollars, but it did make that money.  I've only seen one movie since March of 2017 at the theatre and that was Spider-man No Way Home.  The last movie b4 which was the Disney Remake of "Beauty and the Beast", was a subpar remake, to say the least.     I'm not the demographic these movies are geared for, but it's still a terrible product Disney/Marvel is putting out to the public.  Every genre has copycats and rehashes/recycles stories from a successful show that started the genre.  A case in point is the Western Series of the 1950s through the early 1970s like "Gunsmoke" and the Detective Shows of the 1970s to mid-1980s like Columbo.  However, each show had its own identity.  "Starsky and Hutch" was a completely different show than "Kojak".  Even the Westerns were different in their own way.  "Wagon Train" was different than "Gunsmoke" which was different than "Bonanza".  Heck, "The Wild Wild West" combined the Western with the Spy genre of the mid-1960s.  You could tell immediately which show you were watching by the music of the show or its theme songs.  That seems to be lacking these days.  You're lucky to get 15 seconds of a theme song in today's shows.    Most people would debate this as "NCIS" as opposed to "Bones" and even that compared to "Law and Order - SVU".  I agree, but to me, these shows are the exception to the rule.  Most shows today have the same formula as other shows, and one could make that claim for shows from the 1950s through the 1990s.  However, I stress the fact again, those shows had their own way of scenes "Progressing the plot", "Developing the characters", and "World Building".  Let's take a look at one of the most beloved movies of all time.  Compare the original "Star Wars, Episode IV - A New Hope" and how that approaches those three rules as opposed to "Star Wars, Episode VII - The Force Awakens".  There's no comparison.          As long as Marvel/Disney makes money on these low-quality movies and TC Shows, the trend will continue and Marvel Phase 5 & Phase 6 will continue to be somewhat successful.
I wanna know how they got Shattered-Mjolnir in that glass case. Aside from elevators (and Vision), it’s already been established in prior movies that unworthy people cannot lift Mjolnir, nor can machinery like cranes. An elevator can lift Mjolnir if Thor (or another worthy person) “places” (I’m using that term loosely) it on that elevator, same thing with a helicarrier (and why it got heavy for Hulk, but not heavy enough to crash the helicarrier in The Avengers).  So how did they get the pieces of Shattered-Mjolnir in that glass case? The case is elevated up by more than 4 feet, so I highly doubt they dug 5 feet down all around Mjolnir, and built that establishment around the site. Otherwise the area would look like a crater, sitting much lower than the rest of New Asgard. Either that, or they excavated the ENTIRE area of New Asgard to sit flush with the pieces of Mjolnir. Doubtful.  The most likely case is that they had Thor pick up the pieces of Mjolnir and place them on that pedestal. Which kinda ruins the whole point of the pedestal/glass case in the first place, but whatever.  All I know for certain is that I spend too much time thinking about stuff that the writers prolly came up with while they were taking a shit, and couldn’t care less if it makes sense or not.
I am still confused how they managed to get the pieces of Mjolnar to New Asgard... I mean, I am assuming that even if broken the whole "not just anybody can lift it" rule still applies... sooooooo, I don't see Thor going out of his way to set up that display case... and even if they lifted the GROUND around the bits instead of the bits themselves... I still don't think it would work...
Thor - lost all thunder - follwows the infinity "saga" method to put the greatest epic marvel story arcs in one movie (infinity does better splitted) but on an extinction-level-event-story grim sarcasm of the heroes would suit, but teeny-weeny-humor feels misplaced and disrupts the tension arc (except you want a Monty-Phyton or Spaceball-event) - perhaps a "smaller" Thor adventure - like the 3 Enchanters would have been a better interim-step than ragnaroek 2.0-5.0
Call me crazy but I thought Dark World was the best of the series..
Thor Love And Thunder it's so, so bad that I haven't even bothered to watch it and waste my time on it
I hate love and thunder so much, marvel turned into nothing but a unfunny ugly cgi (maybe over worked artist) having woke joke so quickly but wtf has happened to marvel? seriously it used to actually be..well GOOD  it kind of feels weird to say that with how it is now (im just talking about the most recent stuff) but yeah it used to actually be good and funny not to long ago but now look at it...hot trash with stupid writing
Thor is a bad guy too me now since replaying God of war lol
Don't hold back, tell us how you really feel. 😆
I love that part where eye cried at the ending ..
I didn’t like Thor ragnarock (or however you spell it ) and Thor love and thunder was ok. But I don’t want to rewatch either of them. I can’t give you a scene from either that I remember as being awesome.  Both had a few 5 out of 5 funny scenes and lines. I give both movies a meh out of meh.
So they really thought Mellissa McCarthy would be in any way comparable to Oscar winner Cate Blanchett?!  Not even talking about the obvious "differences" they arent even in the same ballpark acting wise!
I like the scene and see it as world building.  And it was funny.
I think most Hollywood writers should watch your brief summary of what a scene is.  They might learn something.
It was fine. You don’t need to hate it you just don’t have to watch it. God so much hate . It’s just why? Just say I didn’t like the movie and move on with your life instead of creating more Internet hate  don’t we have enough? God
Is the grass that the hammer is on in Love and Thunder from Ragnarök? Meaning that they could not lift the hammer's pieces  but excavated the land underneath to move it? Just curious.
Taki is a 1 shot pony
I admire you as a Youtuber. You set the standard.
Why does he draw out the end of every sentence?
I guess I'm a raging narcissist it's true, but I really think you should give an intelligent person a shot at helping get more of a voice out there! I'm full of incredible ideas with no may to make them a reality! There won't be a Thor 5 dude! No way! And as far as I'm concerned, if there is a Thor 5, the only way I'll watch it is if Tika Waititi has absolutely nothing to do with it!!
8:10 absolutely zero movies ever made would benefit from the addition of Melissa McCarthy. Literally no idea how she continues to get work.
Call me weird, but I've always thought that Thor Ragnarok was a spinoff from the Flintstones
Melissa McCarthy is essentially kryptonite to films. Immediately you know the film is 💩 the moment she cackles.
i'm getting tired of the narrative bald guy = villain....
I hope Waitit doesn't go down the Shayamalan path. He gained major points from me with Jojo Rabbit, but this one wasn't great, even with the goats.
Taika behaves like the type of guy who loves the smell of his own farts
Was waiting for this. Holy crap this movie sucked. From start to finish. Felt like a live action family guy episode without any good jokes.
This movies was bad that I wanred to walk out. Unfortunately I took my daughter to see it...so had sit through this assesnation  of Thore and utter dribble .
Tbh I laughed when the screaming goats came on screen. Then they screamed again. And later you heard them again. Then another time. Then they show up around the end. And they're still screaming.
I didn't mind the movie tbh.
The problem I'm seeing from Disney is this we got to build up to the next infinity war scale movie. They appear to have one linear point or person that will be important later on, while sacrificing the story. It remind me of something like the little things don't matter until we get the let's say avengers secret wars. The reason they're doing this is to keep the money coming in and screwing the fans. It's hard to pin point but that's what it seems to me
OK - so I agree that the movie kinda sucks... it was just "trying so hard" in a way that doesn't fit. I don't think this movie needed all this nonsense for sure. So I agree with 99% of this review.   And yes the replay scene is horrid for sure... It just iced the cheesiness of the film... My wife could barely stand 15 minutes of the film and stopped it. I forced myself to watch haha    BUT the Melissa Mccarthy jab was so-so IMO. I feel she is GREAT in other stuff... this was just a bad position to be in haha - I don't discredit her at all. If you do not like her work that is fine - I do for sure. Just not this skit haha
I see your point, but honestly this was one of the better scenes in an otherwise boring movie, nice seeing all those actors cameos.
All of the recent Marvel movies are junk. Thor and Iron Man (and the Avenger movies) were the only things worth watching right up until Ragnarök.
That love and thunder is just so sad, we know that waititi can make great movies like jojo rabbit and hunt for the wilder people so to see him make a terrible movie like this kinda hurts :/
And this Knobhead (Taika) want to redo Time bandits. I feel this will go tits up.
Was only yesterday that I ended up using the same two scenes as the examples to explain why even though Ragnarock and Love and Thunder in theory should be to the same enjoyement level, Ragnarock works and L&T is a disjionted mess in comparison on a basic story telling level
The movie was fine
After thor love and thunder was over my 7 year old son belted out “well that sucked!” I was very proud
Taika is going out with Rita Ora not Tessa Thompson. Were you busting balls or actually confused the two women?
I didn't like Ragnoroc, but love and thunder was terrible. This is how you kill a great character. I loved Thor. He's stoic and honorable. Instead, he's now a bumbling idiot.
One good thing came out of the scene in Love and Thunder though. I now have no fear that McCarthy will have a major role in a future MCU movie, that's always something.
I’m aghast at the amateurish CGI. Was this turd created on a Commodore 64?
one of the worst cringe films ever!!!...
Even though I agree that Thor: Love and Thunder left a lot to be desired but I’ll be damned if I haven’t watched it about 5 times…what’s wrong with me?
Melissa McCarthy as Kate Blanchett = body positivity ✔
I've rewatched Thor 1 about 10-12 times at this point, yet I doubt I will ever rewatch this garbage.
I don't remember much of this movie except fight scenes in black and white. I actually liked them.
My take-home-Chinese take on this is that the film was passed around, because I feel during certain segments that a better story was being told but someone got hold of it and had to do his own creative take on what should be a consistent series of films. Every writer and director has this weird ego that dictates what parts of others' work they'll be willing to utilize. In this case, he just had an ego Super Saiyan moment and went on the attack against all things and everyone by just outright refusing to even adhere to the past stories in any meaningful way. It was like he was trying to spearhead his own original Thor series. The film had characters that looked recognizable but had absolutely nothing to do with the MCU anymore. They were written into this weird pretendland where, please don't let this be real, Thor gave children the power of lightning using a giant golden Harry Potter scar to defeat the big bad Christian Bale in one of his method acted Halloween costumes.
One thing I will say in the positive of the love and thunder theater scene is this. It put Melissa McCartney in this movie so at this point she can’t do any other thing in the MCU. She is basically locked into this character so we don’t have to worry about her getting Role in any other film so it did the one good thing it got Melissa McCartney out of the MCU as quickly as possible
Comments are riddled with BOT links to crap!!!
Movie was so bad I fast fwd it to the end 🤣 glad I didn't pay for it
Finally! A video without those laugh/fart clips. Gosh hahah
This was a brilliant dissertation. 👍
thor love and thunder was so shit. taika wakkiti can make good movies but this one was just SHIT
I thought the whole movie was Korg telling the story and thats why its a little off and silly... or at least thinking that made the movie a little more bearable for me to watch
The only thing that Melissa Mccarthy was good in was that Bill Murray movie St Vincent. But she crucially wasn't trying to be funny so...
He's now directed the Whole MCU, off its road of success, into the ditch of drool depravity, and draining despair!
If Thor 5 happens, I'd love if they would make a serious, violent, gritty and more grounded movie.  That could be interesting!
Using your scene rule I've got to say the opening scene of inglorious bastereds is perfect.
*M-SHE-U
They really disrespected the shit out of All Black in the movie
Ragnoraks scene was great. And unexpected. But apropos.
Does any of this change if we look at the film as told by Korg?
This video made me realize that Taika has a lot in common with Dan Akroyd. Funny, creative guy, good director, but needs people to rein in his craziness and keep him focused. We got Ghostbusters when Dan Akroyd had people to balance him out a bit, we got Nothing but Trouble when Dan Akroyd didn't have those people.  Does this mean Taika also buys into a plethora of wild conspiracy theories? Don't know!
I enjoyed the music, and seeing some stuff from the comics, jane thor is cool and canon, the god butcher is a cool thing in the comics, the sword is awesome, but they took cool things from the comics, and took some of what made them cool away. gor was a normal being who lost everything and hated the gods, gained huge amounts of power and was viewed by his own child as a god, which tore him apart mentally. the necro sword was wielded by thor in the comics and is one of if not the most badass thor moments, not to mention the entire old god thor storyline that wasnt even hinted at in the movie. like, i get it, its a different universe but come on, you cant just bring up these awesome storylines then ignore most of the cool parts, the best parts.
5 being the high point of the movie because brother it was all downhill from there.
I stopped watching it when it got to the bit where Thor sees Jane and he’s a stuttering idiot while she’s all calm and empowered and strong independent woman. I’d seen enough to know it was only going to be more of the same.
Good vid drinker. This is the first one I think I've ever seen of yours that refused to comment on THE MESSAGE lol
Holy crap, Melissa McCarthy was in this turd as well? What an unpleasant surprise.
LoL at the diverse Asgard, what a crock.
Melissa Mccarthy has never been funny, and I hate everything she is in.  Just seeing her name in the credits is enough to make me avoid the movie/tv show.  Very few actors have that power over me.
Current MCU is all filler, no killer.
Disney. The kiss of death to any series or movie that doesn't star a mouse.
I've listened to people disparage this movie for days now. I knew their reaction was way out of proportion to how bad this movie could actually be. So i finally sat down and watched it... It was like a work of fan fiction written by 8 year olds. They based this movie on an epic comic story line and turned it into something craptacular.
The movie was written badly, and the CGI was bad, but I personally liked Christian Bales performance very much.
I think even if the movie were handled with more care, the Marvel cinematic universe is played out by now. It's probably best just to move on to something original again.
If it didn’t have so many unnecessary jokes it would actually be a pretty good movie
There's a Thor 5?!
The only two MCU movies I have never finished are The Eternals and Love and Thunder, which is crazy because I loved Ragnarok so much I was super hyped for this one but after 20 minutes I was like nah and watched Andor instead.
What I didn't like was the guardians being useless without Thor, and that they never show the bad guy actually being a diificult opponent. We only see him killing his god with luck, and then getting beat by the thors and escaping. That's not how you build a villain that could have been awesome.
Ragnarok was very forgettable, especially compared to earlier better marvel and thor movies. And that's saying something. Never saw love and thunder because of it
If I had to be really generous, I would say the theatre scene in Love and Thunder was one of many scenes that showed Asgardians being far less on Earth than what they were on Asgard, that they were essentially a society in decline. Yet the film also shows that you shouldn't dwell on the past and instead work for a brighter future, which is why the children were an important feature of this film.
You review Nope and Bullet Train.
I over thought about it. And the theater sence could be foreshadowing for zeus stripping thor later. But thats a stretch at that
I seriously don't understand how most people defend 'Thor Ragnarok' but shiting on Love and Thunder... They're both awful. It's literally the same movie.. I hated ragnarok when it came out and I knew L&T would be even worse. The only credit I'll give to Ragnarok is that it had a few characters that people liked, like Loki and Hulk. And it was slightly more focused.. SLIGHTLY. People are given way too much credit to Taika Waititi, Ragnarok was already written when he came on board. All he did was changing most of the dialogs with improv and changing a few plot points.  Love and Thunder was all him, writing, characters, jokes etc..  I really hope Marvel realized their mistake and give him the boot, the guy obviously doesn't give a shit about the character.
Love and thunder was not as good as ragnorok but I found it quite entertaining. I thought the cgi look pretty for like 95% of the movie. Also stating that Melissa McCarthy was never funny is just wrong man. Sure she hasn't made anything good in awhile but spy, the heat, and bridesmaids are all really funny films. I don't why all these critique videos come off so damn salty sometimes. Like do you ever just enjoy something even if it isn't the best movie ever.
Every single male in the mcu has now been upstaged by a female in some way. Loki with Sylvie, Bruce Banner and She Hulk, so good news, there's nobody left for them to mess with at least.
I am new to writing  I'd like to know if it's great when no scene can't be removed without compromising the movie. Is it the perfection all writers should strive for?
Burn. Damn.
I don't watch these but it seems like the 1st also had the matt Damon cameo going for it. But this one they tried to double down by now having Melissa Mccarthy. I'm not particularly a fan of her humor but I gotta give the bitch credit for trying to do something with whatever writing she's given. Even if it is just screaming and spazzing out or whatever.
Beta cuck Movies.. . Cant wait for the Carrington event... wipe the slate clean.
It seems like Waititi wanted the bigger paycheck for this, thinking full well he's a successful guy with all these hit projects under his belt, and then simply copy pasting Ragnarok into the Love and Thunder folder on his computer. Then to change it a little bit he messed around on set and in the editing booth without thinking about the bigger MCU picture.  He really shows the lack of continuity in the MCU and even outside of it, asking Natalie Portman if she wanted to be in a Star Wars movie he was going to be heading...
Hubris: The Motion Picture
Since you're documenting what happens when a creative writer like Waititi doesn't have proper supervision and constraints as a director, how about doing a video some day on 1991's Nothing But Trouble? It's the one and ONLY movie ever directed by Dan Akroyd, who is an incredibly talented actor and writer. But after the "train wreck from which you can't look away", Hollywood never let him direct again. It's a great, ensemble cast and a disaster of a movie.  BTW, I enjoyed your last book, especially after a bit of Wikipedia searching to figure out the significance of the title.
How they should have made this thor movie  Bring Three diffrent Thor's younger, Older and current... Younger can be played either by his brother or CGI in it. They can make it a variant linking it to the multiverse lore.   So basically they semi follow the comics, but in the mean time it helps Thor find it's own purpose.. The young and wild Thor, the older responsible (king) in the end he will find his path by seeing both path in front of him.   Movie about self discovery trough the past, present, future.. The older king thor can tell the present thor how he step up, took odin place as high (father) etc protector of the realm fulfilling his "destiny" and the younger thor showing him the wild, unchain version of him self.   You can bring Jane as female thor but it's more as a "side" helping de present thor realise how things can go. Maybe helping him fixing the relationship with jane (closesure) and move on.   Moving to the Zeus, maybe show a (fitter zeus) giving more pressure that he can (fk around) but also can be intimidating with is lightning. You can either go two path a Zeus who wants to help Thor or not...   Maybe semi link Thor to Rune king Thor to beat Gorr, he will find the awnser he seeks trough that power. But in the end he has to sacerfice it either to save jane or his people.   End of the movie, he will find his peace, he will grow etc. but yea
I tried to watch this "movie", and couldn't get past that play scene, and had to turn it off. I did not want to torture myself with that drivel for another 2 hours. Very good explanation as to why....
Even though I actually liked parts of the movie - it had some cool moments to build on - I ultimately have to say it: I miss serious, dramatic Thor. Hard.
It sucked because it was doomed from the start, the comic book storyline is serious as fuck, putting the same director in charge of the movie who made Ragnarok and expecting him to make a serious movie was the main mistake. By the way, go watch "Geek Culture explained" channel, he explains how that movie could have been saved by very little effort in a 10 minutes long video, (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7pTdMjlc8s) he also have the original comic book story what he narrates with other comic book stories on his other channel "Comics explained", i strongly recommend his channel if you like good content about comics.
The MCU died with Endgame.
I really hope that if they make another one, Taika isn't in charge. It's so obvious what went wrong and you've put it together very well in this video
Seeing the play, all i could think of was "you already did that! Do something CLEVERER!"
The parts of the movie that where serious and somber, I really liked it.  The comedic parts are really bad.
Why hasn't Universal made you an offer yet?
Like it or not, the fact is, the movie did good in the box office, so if people keep giving money to watch it, they will keep making it.
But I liked it😢
He's the new M. Night Shyamalan.
The first 40 minutes of the film were by far the worst thing I've ever seen from a big production ever, it was THAT bad. The critics were spot on, it was exactly what you could expect from a little kid trying to write a script, LITERALLY... it's all pose no substance, like he doesn't understand why cool scenes work, he just knows the visual part of them but none of the technicalities they require to actually BE cool and not POSE as cool.... Then after that it became almost watchable, but that first half man, OMFG I was in awe at how spectacularly horrible it was... I would've never guessed that Taika was so deeply, massively untalented at writing.
Firstly, it wasn't nearly that bad if you take it for what it is: A goofy wholesome story and a jumping off point for newer fans that doesn't disrespect or overly pander to older fans. The biggest problem, aside from the existence of Tessa Thompson, is for older fans. Much of it was just unnecessary filler for the first half of the film that felt almost reminiscent of suicide squad, the bad one, not the good one. The back half of the film was genuinely good. I would still highly recommend taking a look at the source material. Its much better than the movie.
The trailer told you it was written by focus groups.
Nah it was good family fun in my opinion. Everyone’s so addicted to hating on shit these days lol. Movie was hilarious
Just watched this weekend and I was like, my god, this is terrible.  Half the comedy I did not even get let alone the location shifts.
It's what I call the Colin Chapman principle. Chapman was the head of Lotus cars back in the day, and he was obsessed with weight reduction. He's reported to have said that "every part must have at least two jobs." So the engine would be part of the car's frame, etc, eliminating redundant parts. This works in storytelling, too. If your scene can accomplish two or all three of the Drinker's listed goals, it feels smart, efficient, and lightweight. You never make the audience feel like they're wasting their time. Don't waste a scene by only giving it one job. (Or worse, no jobs.)
I would say Wonder Woman made the same mistake. The direction of the first movie was good so they gave the director creative freedom and let her WRITE the next movie and that movie was pretty shitty. It pretty much had the same results as LnT.
trying to imagine a good Thor movie isnt that hard, they had plenty to work with, but nope.
Y'all can't have fun
This sounds like a JJ Abrams review
Taika has talent. Jojo Rabbit, Hunt for the Wilderpeople, and What We Do In the Shadows are 3 of my favorite films of the 2010s, and Ragnarok was at least fun. Hopefully Love and Thunder was just an anomaly and not representative of the attitude he’ll have moving forward.
it's the only Marvel movie if gave up on less than 30 minutes in. I read the summary on Wikipedia rather than watching the movie. Phase 4 Marvel has been disappointing.
8:17 "Seriously, was this women every fucking funny at anything?"  My thoughts exactly.
Sounds a LOT like a syndrome I'm going to call "Round Head Syndrome" paying tribute to the much beloved writer/director of "Star Wars - The WORST Jedi".
I’m guessing they took some creative liberties with this scene. The Sicilian Mafia was (and still is to a lesser extent) extremely anti-gay and were known to kill both associates and their own members if word got out about their homosexuality. As the Philadelphia boss, I seriously doubt Angelo Bruno would’ve been so “oh well” about it and instead would’ve probably avoided doing business with them. Also, considering the fact Ronnie hated being gay, and certainly hated talking about it, I can’t imagine such a convo ever took place.
This feels a little similar to George Lucas with the prequels,  he got so much praise for the movies he made before the prequels that he just went even further with not only directing but also writing the movies script. Don't get me wrong both George Lucas and taika waititi are talented but if don't keep your ego in check you may go overboard, not realizing a lot of people helped make those movies a success.
Not drunk enough!
this was some of the worst cinema i have ever watched.
I started watching the movie at a mates house. After a minute in we got so bored we just turned it off .
I wasn't that big of a fan of the Loki/Odin thing. When it turns out Loki took Odin's place in the previous film it was very cool and badass... But it turned out to be nothing but a joke...  Same with Thor leaving with the guardians... Great setup... 0 payoff... If he didn't leave with the guardian this movie would have happened exactly the same.
I'm sure most people have heard that Taika offered Natalie Portman a role in his Star Wars project, apparently unaware that she had already played one of the most important characters in the entire Star Wars universe in three films. It says something about Hollywood that they would choose someone to take on a project they don't care enough about to know that sort of thing.
Is there really enough original materiel left for a Thor 5?
This comparison was so interesting that after 9 minutes I recalled that I was going to eat donut. Good job!
If the  Greeks are on par with the the Asgardians, then why are they so casually being Slaughtered.
if you liked this movie that's good for you but don't go nd say is a top 10 mcu film bruh.
Well, we'll like to see you try to make a movie. Mr. Critical Drinker: the movie. And then we'll see the reviews
Just recently rematched this with my brother and the first 30 minutes showed promise, but the rest of the movie looks like an snl skit (his words).  Alot of people complain about this scene (the theater scene), and I don't really see it as many movies have scenes in it to just be in it.  Why criticize this scene when other movies have scenes that are just as dumb.
This movie was a love letter to Chris Hemsworth's portrayal of Thor. His daughter and baby mother were all sneakily placed in the movie. I might have even got teary-eyed at some point. He left the guardians without interacting with Groot and Rocket, which, I understand why, but still. My only gripe.
Looks goofy AF!
Thor 3 was a parody of 1 & 2. Thor 4 was a parody of a parody.
You could delete the whole movie and nothing would change 😂😂
Waititi is simply a diversity hire whose work you shouldn't criticize coz, by Disney logic, is considered racist   It worked with Black Panther. LOL
Imagine if this had been directed by Guy Ritchie with his tight interwoven plotlines and intelligent visually stunning style of storytelling. If only.
Taika is kind of like Patty Jenkins and WW1984... She started to believe her own hype and was given all the power... but with great power...
The kids loving nothing more in their comic books blockbusters movies than stage 4 cancer.
Not saying your wrong about the whole thing, but the behind the scenes footage is basically any kiwi. We have a rather laid back approach to a lot of things.  Personally after seeing the trailer I didn't think I'd watch it, but we were bored so why not. With expectations of it being trash, it did have a few moments. And then several that were just an eye roll.
half the time i thought there was ads on disney plus at times with this movie, but then i quickly realized, they were not ads. i was incredibly shocked at how bad this movie was. i would have never seen it anyway if my brother didnt have disney plus, but we did have a ton of laughs just laughing at how bad this sht was. i was blown away by the amount of stench it wafts lmfao
Wait, Melissa McUnfunny was actuall in this movie? I totally made my brain forget it. Well, I forgot everything about the movie, it was so forgettable.
Your delivery of every sentence with a weird emphasis on the last word is absolutely insufferable.
Drinker, you are genuinely a phenomenal critic.
Why do the actors have zero tech? Like you can see the wires and everything, using glitter, the weird costume change.  They have flying boats but stage effects are high school low budget?
... This scruffy looking new Asgard thing looked sad and weird to me. More thoughtless lazy writing from the jump. Even if there's only a few hundred or a thousand of them left, aren't these people and their children nearly immortal godlings, some capable of wielding vast powers, others of creating towering architecture, using science and medicine so advanced that it looks like magic to humans -- I didn't write that lore, they did. By this time New Asgard should look like some small clean, shinning version of Wakanda with less thatch and more ale.  What kind of 'King' is she anyhow, I know... often drunk, generally lazy and largely unconcerned, ... and I respect that but she's the King, I'm not.
That thumbnail tho 🤣🤣🤣.
The solution to this would to have Thor Ragnarok something other than a Comedy.
Melissa McCarthy is the opposite of funny.  She's about as unfunny as it gets.
Waititi's girlfriend was in the movie?
As an aspiring novel writer, these are priceless for me. Please keep them coming Drinker.
All I want from the MCU, at this point, is for them to stay away from Planet Hulk and World War Hulk. Those stories are my favourite in all of Marvel and I would be horrified to see how Disney and the MCU butcher the hell out of it.
I know this is a little off topic from Thor and Disney and whatnot but did you have any inclination to review Cyberpunk: Edgerunners? I don't think you typically watch anime so might be a bit out of your wheelhouse.  I know its kind of getting beaten to death at the moment by a lot of anime reviewers but I think it put together a tragic romance quite well while keeping faithful to the source material. I can't recall any scenes where Trigger phoned it in. Almost shows what a production team that gives a shit can do....  Also I can't recall any sources of media I've seen lately that actually took me on a roller-coaster ride of emotions. I actually had a lump in my throat and tears welling at the sides of my eyes by the end of it. It was nice to actually feeling something for a change instead of going "welp, that was a show" and moving on.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who found this scene pointless and unfunny, rather like the whole movie.
I think the best way to put it is love and thunder took the wrong lessons from ragnarok, the thor franchise was kinda boring stodgy and hard to watch especially thor 2, so ragnarok managed to inject some much needed humour and comady into the series without just making it a full joke and it almost got the balance right, mabye a little too in the silly direction but it was almost there in my opinion, love and thunder just took that people liked thor and comady so they cranked that up too 11
Thor 5? oh boy...  I can't wait and stuff...
Banger video!
Ragnarok's writers were Marvel veterans... I guess Taika didn't think that was an important factor.
Only time Melisa McCarthy has ever been likable is in Gilmore Girls.
The only thing I didn’t like was the gay jokes .
I loved Taika's film "Jojo Rabbit". But hearing this make me happy that I decided to stop watching Marvel movies after Endgame. It was a good end, let it die before it lives too long to disgrace itself.
i didn't care..im also not a super hero movie fan.. i also really crave comedy movies.. so i give this movie a 10/10
So...Voldemort transcended HP and fell into MCU???
Love And Thunder isn’t bad but it also isn’t special by any means. It’s average. A 5/10
It felt like waititi was trying to one up himself at every turn. I always liked how the mcu leaned into humor, but I’m not sure what the hell he was going for in this. The movie was just bad, and I love a good bad movie. This was just a bad bad movie.
Personally I think Taika knew he couldn't make a film better than Ragnarok and so he cashed in and so did Hemsworth and the rest of the main cast...... Who knows..... Can you blame them.
You Hate Everything Which Makes Your Opinion About Anything Meaningless.
1) I've had that same criticism about the Thor universe appropriating and rewriting a cultural religion and heritage ever since I learned about Thor from the comics and Saturday morning cartoons. Imagine the hubris needed to take gods of another culture and make them superhuman, then debase them in your universe for slapstick. Would you do that with Shiva? Anansi? Pele? Mohammed? If not, why do that to the Old Gods of the Norse and Germanic peoples, who had their entire mythos already purged by centuries of over zealous Christians?   2) By comparison, I adore the video game Okami. I found it to be a charming, if childish,  adaptation of well known Japanese myths. The differences between that game and Marvel's Thor? Okami stays within the existing mythology, with all kinds of characters and settings popping up. Ammy's character doesn't deviate from that of the canonical Amaterasu, being somewhat mischievous yet self sacrificing, with an ego and questionable attractions to boot. But Thor? It rewrites relationships and histories, it bastardizes settings in favor of jokes and villains of the week, it doesn't respect the source material half as much as even a T rated game with boob jokes did with a pun. (Okami = wolf, Ō-kami = great god). And no, I'm not saying that Okami is a perfect adaptation or cultural representation, but it sure does respect Japanese myths better than Ragnarok did with, well, the actual Ragnarok or Fenrir or Jormungandr or where is Sleipner... or right, censored worse than Disney's Mount Olympus. (Seriously, they want to be progressive so much just tell that story, let alone give us the original Mystique fathering Nightcrawler and/or Rogue arcs they wanted.)
It felt like a straight to VHS movie.
I thought the movie was funny and entertaining but I was completely disappointed with the fact it took place in the wrong part of Thors story arc...if this had of happened before Endgame with some changes it might have made some sense to his arc.
Everything with McCarthy sucks
L&T was a comedy right? I mean it was a bad drama in the style of other Marvel movies, but it was a decent comedy?
Taika Waititi revealed a large part of his motivation when he said this: “I’ll ruin your mythos in a minute, baby.” He's nothing but a cultural vandal, happy to troll the fandom for kicks. Screw him. =>[.]<=
I watched this movie for a coworker. Never again. I'd hate to even have to make a video on it. It's obvious what Disney thinks of it's audience after greenlighting this trashbag film.
The drinker has a vendetta with thor
Korg: "Piss off, Taika!"
The 'theater' scene in _Love and Thunder_ should've been of the theater scene in _Ragnarok._ The potential for intense meta post-irony and ultra-sincerity would've been immense.
I actually like the movie. Thought it was pretty good. Too much Korg. but it wasn't bad.
Thor 4 could've been great ...yeah, watching Thor rock the Galaxy with the Guardians and then maybe doing something of his own in the third act, perhaps, whatever...but hundred times better than what they made it into...a boring soup of unfunny gags
Marvel did a good enough job butchering Norse mythology without Disney
Surgical, as always my intoxicated nordic friend.
0:45 What a scene is an event or interaction usually taking place within a constrained time period or physical location. It includes one or more characters seeing or doing things.  The three main purposes for a scene. 1:13 1. Advancing The Plot 1:23 2. Character Development 1:31 3. World Building
Thanks for taking one for the team mate
Love and Thunder was a thing I watched and completely forgot 5 minutes afterwards.
hollywierd seriously needs to stop trying to make Moo Moo McCarthy happen
I just realized why I always watch your videos ,even though I rarely even like the subject matter.   you haven't given your audience some cutesy name and I love the way you end
only good part about the movie is Christian bale , I felt his love for his daughter in the begining and the end , other than that the whole movie felt like a extended commerical for itself it was really odd
It looks like a fukin video game. CGI overload. Complete shite.
To me, this movie almost felt like it was a satire of the Thor movies, instead of an actual Thor movie.
I see a New Video from the Drinker - then I damn sure I click 😂
One could also compare it to the case of elite Maori here in NZ, of wich TW is one, that only care about there own culture in how much power and money it can gain for themselves while the rest of the people suffer from thier leaders self interest while blaming 'colonizers' for it.
I still fail to see why everyone is so in love with Ragnarok. It completely butchered the WW Hulk storyline and turned Thor into a quirky joke.
I love this channel so much. No pointless complaining, but instead productive objective analysis using sound reason to help educate the masses and (ideally) Hollywood itself in a unique comedic fashion so that it is entertaining as well as instructive. I look forward to the next video on here more than any movie or TV show (except Arcane season 2, I am like a child on Christmas Eve waiting for that). Thank you Drinker, your work is very much appreciated and loved.
This was actually a very good, insightful, and fair analysis on why Love and Thunder failed. Well done!
Taika's success is going to his head for sure
"That's all I've got for today. Go away now."
7:15 to 7:35 so true..
No review of The Woman King? I was wanting to know the Drinkers take on this one.
I was so looking forward to this movie, but it felt contrived and fake, especially the first part with the guardians.  They were not invested...
I'm kind of mad because Bale as Gorr was so utterly wasted and is probably the best MCU villain they've had besides Thanos himself (even more than Loki, who isn't really a villain after the Avengers) and Christian Bale ran rings around virtually everyone else in the acting department, but the writing and movie itself was so laughably awful that it strips him of his menace by-proxy. There's talk about scenes when Gorr flayed his tattoos off and did some seriously dark stuff; whilst I'm not saying all of it should have been in the movies, some of it SHOULD have been, as it would easily lend more gravitas and weight to the drama, weight that was-and increasingly IS- missing in the MCU as of late. There's no room for the drama to breathe, no place for the villains to have proper clout: its just deadpan stares and snarky quips, and behold; the villain is nothing but a joke themselves.  Waititi seems like the kind of guy who would unironically include the Thanus/Ant Man jokes in Endgame, just because.
I don't understand how I could love the movie "Spy" and Melissa McCarthy's role in that movie but find almost everything else I've ever seen that had her in it almost insufferably unwatchable.
If you give the sword Excaliber to someone, they are not the King.
I wouldn’t say it sucked but before watching this video I’ll give my impressions of the two things that failed.    1.  Gor’s first meeting with Thor was pretty scary in a way and his movements were impressively unnerving in that fight.   Marvel just kinda let that slide the rest of flick…. Wth guys???  2.  Zeus (and that whole series of Zeus scenes) was plain silly.   Nothing else to say there
Most writers and directors (and writer-directors) need oversight. There's a prevailing idea that the studio is just trying to "keep you down, man!" They're not. They want great movies too. They may be wrong in their approach at times. But they want to put out a hit. Just compare the first two Star Wars trilogies. Lucas had oversight on the 1st, and was forced to hone his vision. The 2nd he had free rein to do whatever. And in my opinion, it was a mess.
To waste Christian Bale in this movie is like put Clint Eastwood in American Pie movies,idk...
It could have been so much better but in the end I was just happy that Thor still was the hero of the movie. If they had imasculined Thor I was ready to walk out.
Eh. If you go into watching this not sitting in a director chair. It may not make any big statement on film. But it's harmless fun. 😏
I turned it off, absolute  garbage
Couldn't help but thing about George Lucas as well in the closing of this video
apparently they let chris do whatever he wanted with the character lmao, going back to "its roots"
African, Asian, Latino and Muslim cultures in the MCU: Deeply respected.  Norse culture in the MCU: Turned into a joke.
I imagine that Taika's character in Free Guy was pretty damn close to his real personality.
Was Melissa McCarthy ever funny? Well, no. But she made everyone else around her funny by comparison.
The play scene in Ragnarok is also useful as it reminds the audience about Loki's death which has a direct impact on the following scene of Loki revealing his identity. In Love and Thunder, the play scene is inconsequential to what is happening in the story being told.
I liked the gorr scenes. I didn't see the movie but I seen some scenes on youtube it should of been more of that
This movie was just silly. I saw it on Disney+ which i have for free and I had no idea until after that they changed scenes in movie for the streaming release. It still looked bad. I don't think I am alone here... Korg sucks. Taika needs to stop inserting himself. It's quite annoying. He isn't funny or clever in the slightest. There was way too much standing around and talking in this movie. 4/10
I swear its like Taika grabbed a handful of his Ego and smeared it all over this movie.
Taika Waititi is the new M. Night Shyamalan. So overrated.
I want to see a wise, stoic version of Thor in his next movie, love and thunder was just horrible to watch  If a future king looses his entire kingdom, father, mother ect  He wouldn't leave his surviving people in the hands of some one who he was kidnapped and sold by   To rule over his people   He should feel the responsibility of being king and protector of the remaining asguardains as his father was and his father before him  They really did a hit and miss on the Thor and iron man movies
Great job as always!  Love the comparison.
Congratulations on sitting through the whole movie.  I didn't go see it based on the crappy previews.  The whole idea was just awful.
perhaps he really wanted to not be called back to do another one of these films so he decided to goof it up
I remember when you used to sound sober when making  scene comparison video of Ghostbusters. Boring times.
I actually enjoyed this movie for what it is to me and that is entertainment. However, everyone is right, this movie was a massive step back from Ragnarok.
Awful film with awful "humor".  Jojo Rabbit this is not.
the way i see this from taika, is this is what he needed to do to get Our flag means death season 2 greenlit.
The only good thing about this abhorrent movie is that it finally shattered the illusion of Waititi as a good film maker. The man is a hack and a creepy one at that. I would not be at all surprised if we one day saw his name on a certain list.
Speaking what I was thinking
Hmm..I just notice; many shot somehow alway have a black person in it. There's no black Nords in that mythology.
Taika Waititi did a very good job with "Jojo Rabbit", and Season 1 of his "Reservation Dogs" was an excellent effort, too. In "Reservation Dogs" he did excellent work in portraying the real problems that Native Americans face in their daily lives, such as suicide, alcoholism, young people running away from home, and things like that - problems that all communities face in one degree or another, but which were so well in Reservation Dogs. Season 2 did not have a bad start, but then he took a turn south with the latter episodes of Season 2, with his rather base and vulgar portrayals of Native American women. How does Waititi imagine that depicting Native American women as low-lifes obsessed with erotic toys, can help (if he ever had it in mind) those communities overcome the perception in some minds that they are disposable people, worthy only of lamentable dead-end lives, or foul deaths, at the hands of those who perpetuate the brutal trend of Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women (MMIW)? Maybe Waititi is just a Pacific Islander version of the Martha's Vineyard liberal, who professes much concern, but not involvement, for the welfare of his fellow human beings.
Great analysis. With out a doubt the worst mcu film yet
I enjoy Ragnarok. Easily the best in the series. Love and Thunder was fun in the theater but I found myself laughing less and less as the movie went on and by the time the film ended I had forgotten most of it. It was just a pale cheap imitation of Ragnarok like a lot of the recent offerings from Marvel. They used to be good at pumping at a decent product for their genre but now they're giving us the feeling of a copy of a copy of copy with such low effort.
If you turn your brain off, Thor 4 is fun. I don't go in expecting much, so if I'm relatively entertained, and it's not total garbage or woke obnoxious, I'll roll with it. Granted, the bar is low these days and Thor still has alot of nostalgia cred. Yes there's plenty to bitch about, Thor kids, stupid Valkyrie, cheesy Zeus, and lady Thor. But I did really like the fact that Jane did die, she made her choice and then was done. she didn't just become and replace Thor going forwards. Thank God.
He sounds like he's talking through his teeth
Drinker, watch Cyberpunk Edgerunners! Please, it's really good
"It manages to do all of these things without feeling force, contrived or clunky..." Yeah, I'm going to have to completely disagree there. It was cringy as hell, it was painful to sit through. I'm sure someone found it funny, but to me it was just annoying and a complete waste of a good idea that Thor 2 had ended with Loki having stolen the throne, tossed out the window for a shitty joke.
Thor love and thunder was a great movie, that’s how a movie should be, fun and exciting.
The minute I heard that Melissa McCarthy was in it I knew it was full of fail. Disney DeadPoop should be an equal shit show.
I always knew that the theater scene from Thor 3 was good but I never knew all the details on what made it good. Great analysis and comparison to Thor 4!
Holy spam-bots, Batman! This comment section is terrible! :(
I haven't watched anything since 'End Game' and I'm going to keep it like that.
The Drinker is the only YouTuber whose voice started extreme and got more normal over time, instead of the other way round
Melissa Mccarthy was hilarious in Bridesmaids and This is 40 if nothing else
I personally believe taika did it on purpose because you can’t say that he isn’t an entertaining director, to say the least. He knew he would get paid millions regardless, he knew the movie will double up its money, and he was probably done working with Disney. So he said F it, and ruined a character before his exit.
For God's Sake, please write a Marvel movie  W.J.
I'd expected this film not live up to expectations, low though they were. I eventually sat down one eve with nothing else to do.. & was surprised at how beyong aweful the whole thing actually managed to be. It didn't even struggle to be good, it just snowballed from bad to worse. There was 0 direction & the 'story' was badly contrived, as the scripting. It felt butchered on the editing-block.    Couldn't even force myself to watch the last 20 min, not even for closure on the experience.
Tootto
Remember when Dark World was the worst Thor movie?
Still can’t get over blacks and mixed characters in Valhalla. Geez Christ is this wtf we have to look forward to. What’s next in 20years black SS guards in a WW2 movie with Puerto Rican Jews 😂.
Interesting how this and the scene comparison of "Ghostbusters" 1984 and "Ghostbusters" 2016 both have Melissa McCarthy and, both scenes have a distinct time difference with the worst scene taking twice as long for little to no payout... with Melissa McCarthy in them. Melissa McCarthy is playing Ursula in the 2023 remake of "The Little Mermaid" 1989, I hypothesize that The Drinker will have a scene comparison for "The Little Mermaid" with the worst of the two taking longer and includes Melissa McCarthy.
You could make a movie about David Cohen's - excuse me, "Taika Waititi's" - hubris and downfall that would still be better than Love and Thunder.
Rince and repeat seems to be the norm.
The movie was strictly for kids,it's that simple,my 6 year old loved it,it was super goofy,I didn't.
More like Bore Ragnarok!
Thus is also a great comparison of the writing of phase 4 vs the infinity war saga. Infinity War wasn't penned by modern writers, and in comparison, today's team doing all the phase 4 are trashy
Sadly disappointed they ruined the whole thing with that bs..
It’s funny how all of a sudden Taika Waititi and Sam Raimi don’t know how to make a good film while under the constraints of Disney…..
A Hollywood director who knows he’s a one-trick-pony ….and his audience is tired of his lack of ability.  A fraud will always be outed eventually….even when promoted beyond the heights of his incompetence.
Taika should not be allowed to direct anything ever again.  Stupid flamboyant man child.
random and scatological like jackson pollock
So many modern movies are written badly enough that some random people with no practice in writing other than being cultured and watching other movies and having good imagination, and enough time to plan out, they could make better movies.
The fact they shot so much shit in many different ways and taki was just like “eh we will find it in the edit.” It felt like a YouTube compilation edit. I remember watching it in theaters and was like 😆😁😄😃😀🙂😐🫤😕🙁☹️😟😔😞😒😑 and that was just the first hour. It was fine for a bit but then I was like oh no we are reaching the end and we’ve hardly seen Bale, Nothing has really happened and I think I’m starting to hate this movie.
I've only remember Thor Ragnarok and Jojo Rabbit and those were good movies by him, I don't know what happened to Love & Thunder as he blames the VFX artists and I've read a quote where he said he was experimenting on making a bad movie?  I'm generally perplexed at the entire movie as 90% of the characters were useless and the movie was disjointed by constant jokes to the point where I'm sure he had no idea what to do with Thor and company.
the first strand type movie
ive never watched either of these films but went and watched the clips in their entirety while watching this vid.  hate to break it to you all but theyre both shit. neither are worthy of your slobbering praise
Soon as stan lee died the mcu became unwatchable unless you are under the age of 12
The ratings are high on this movie though
Imagine making up your own mind if you enjoyed thor love and thunder :) imagine that nobody else cares if you did not not.
Never change, Drinker, you glorious trasher of flimsy films!
Nice bit of analysis. At the risk of rowing upstream, I'll say that Melissa McCartney can be funny, and likable, as a performer. But the impression I get is that- sort of echoing Waititi himself- she shouldn't be given free rein on her own projects. Carefully directed by other people, she can be pretty endearing. Allowed to riff and improvise without direction, or manage her own scripts... "Thunder Force".
Wah wah wah
Clearly an example of a guy twitity or whatever his name is, whos success has gone to his head.
It felt like the budget was 30x less than previous films
8:19
Drinker, if I'm not mistaken, native Scandinavians are white. Therefore it's totally okay to bastardise their culture for profits. Just like it's ok to bastardise LOTR (based on Anglo saxon culture), Grimm fairytales, the little mermaid and other Disney owned franchises which shouldn't belong to Disney as they're just ripped direct from European culture.   No it's absolutely fine to appropriate, rewrite, bastardise and profit from white people culture. But if you dare attempt to adapt other cultures stories into a movie, you hotter be prepared to pay repriations
I think at some point I started watching this movie but then forgot about it having to attend to other relevant matters on the internet. But for the life of me I can't remember where I was attempting to watch it. Could very much be my imagination as well. Maybe it's just the trailer I've been seeing, confusing that with actually having turned on some other movie to watch. If that bit with the humvee that's being kicked to the side is in the trailer then it's probably the trailer. But I am not going to now watch that trailer and then delete all I've written so far only to tell the following in a much shorter comment: I will probably not watch this movie.
Taika turned Thor into a clown. A f’kin disgrace.
Love & Thunder is a good example of "art without challenges". When a famous director is given too much freedom, or noone dares to challenge his decisions, he lack essential perspective on his own work. Producers weren't particularly interested to challenge Waititi in the first place : they don't know what to do with Thor in general (and Phase 4). On top of that, Waititi himself has is own preferences : stories involving children, nostalgia, and parody . But he's stuck with Thor, a character that requires a more "shakespearian" or epic style. Love & Tunder is the expected product of all of this.
I like your content but this video was pointless. Anyone with common sense knows love and thunder sucked and this scene was only in there for normal Marvel bull shit fan service. Also McCarthy is normally great. This was obviously a fun stunt casting type of cameo.
This scene was  silly ,not funny and cringing to the point I couldn't watching it,Seriously. That 2 minutes felt so long .It also takes away alot of one of few Seriously dramatic scene in Ragnarok .
I think Taika Waititi is classically ADHD - tons of ambition, energy, and creativity, but he lacks focus and organisational skills. He does his best work when he has tight parameters and clear goals, such as in advertising, or when he’s with a team that can anchor him and help him with executive functioning, as he does with his Wellington collaborators in What We Do in the Shadows. Having become super-successful, he has been given creative free rein, and appears to have jettisoned the team approach, so scatter-gun chaos ensues.
Is that Sam Neil as Odin in the sketch???
I absolutely loved the visuals when Gorr would make the shadows stretch and turn into those creepy monsters, I just wish they had done more with it. Honestly Gorr barely even felt like a threat in this movie when he should’ve been a huge threat considering he can bend shadows to his own will. I feel like thats a pretty efficient power to have and it was wasted in this movie
“Sc-scene?? Nara? Narrative??” - Rings of Power
who cares about advancing plot, characters, or world, nowadays we gotta advance THE MESSAGE!
MCU just sucks now.
The whole Zeus “orgy” lines were unnecessary, there was an odd silence in the theater. Taika had so many sexually suggestive awkward moments in this film.
wait his hammer is broken i thought he stole it from the timeline in endgame with the dumb time travel plot making other universes but then again the whole infinity war was a mess
Speaking as someone who actually genuinely enjoyed Ragnarok, I hope Thor 5 never happens. Didn't watch Loaf & Blunder because they decided to adapt the worst concept from the Thor comics, cancer-thor, and honestly, you can't come back from that. The series is done, and the MCU has overstayed its welcome as a whole.
This movie was Taika dialed in to level 9 or 10. To get the perfect Waititi, you need him at a good 7 or 8.
Meh, I liked it. I watched it while drinking so it probably scored a few points from that but I thought it was as good as Ragnarok. And tbf Ragnarok was hardly the pinnacle of Marvel so if I can forgive that it's fine with L&T.
I haven't watched this Dumpster fire.
Patty Jenkins is another director who started to believe in their own hype
Self indulgence and mania do not make good film IMO.
Am I crazy to think that Love and Thunder wasn't that bad? It's not as good as Ragnarok, but it's a good movie.  I know the audience's expectations will affect how they view the movie. The complete shift to Comedy can catch people off guard... but the film by definition is a pretty well-produced film.  I think people are being overly harsh to this film due to the frustrations they have with Marvel's other shows.
A good representation of Taika Waititi is the characters he plays in Free Guy "Antwan" mixed a bit with his "Black Beard" from Our Flag Means Death. These 2 roles sum up Waititi perfectly and should tell you everything you will need to know about his writing ability. Waititi can only think in 1 dimension and that is childish comedy, which means his writing of Jojo Rabbit, What We Do in the Shadows, and  Our Flag Means Death were going to be good. He understands this genre well, and for the most part will do a good job at it. But anything requiring action, drama, romance, and even anything meaningful or moving he will fall flat on his face every time! And so I present to you his Dumpster Fire Opus: Thor: Love and Thunder.
I agree with this. around the 20 min mark, I noticed scenes just started feeling... rushed. Key moments are being glanced at for a few moments, and just simple quality-of-life shots are cut out. for instance, a bit of a spoiler warning, after a building collapses on our unarmed heroes, it suddenly cuts to our heroes completely clean, armed, and ready to fight. Look at what endgame or even the original avengers did: separation of the characters, slow recovery with character developments or side plots, and eventually getting back in the fight. It just overall felt like I was watching a youtube video of "cool combat cutscenes only" to a video game like Mortal Kombat rather than a story actually being developed in a scene and it slowed down the tempo to allow the point to really stick out.
I think all scenes should advance the story in a cohesive way.  It doesn't matter if you are developing a character or worldbuilding, if it isn't absolutely required to tell the story, it should be jettisoned.  One of the biggest problems with storytelling circa current year is the self-indulgent jerk-off scenes that plague modern movies and television shows.
I really liked the 3rd Thor movie...this one was an actual drag.
.,?
So, this movie sufferes from the same issue as the Star Wars prequels? Where after the first one, George Lucas had help writing the next to, but then went back to jut him for the prequels and it really shows that he could have used someone helping him put scenes together.
the movie sucks but couldnt you at least say they were trying to set up the pieces of thors hammer with the second play. Even if its still lame at least its something and not nothing.
I have more fun on Paint by Numbers apps than watching Thort
Ever time a new marvel show or movie comes out you get an army of hate videos to draw clicks it's lazy. The move was great would have liked to see some more god butchering but the story was a really good adaptatuon of a great comic and had some fun mcu twist
I got the impression that it was being written as each scene was being filmed.    It was just a mess on so many levels.
this movie ruined the MCU for me. Thor was my favourite character even before the MCU, and Ragnarok was damn good, but fuck Taika for ruining Thor. you can't even see a glimpse of Thor's character in this movie, all the jokes were mediocre at best, and all the scenes with the kids, especially the climax where Thor shares his power and kids start fighting was by far the worst scene in the entire MCU. on top of that, there's so many fucking plotholes! they turned Eternity into a wishing well! How come the only way to get to Eternity was th Bifrost?! Only Asgardians have access to Eternity?! I know it's hinted in Eternals that Starfox and other Eternals might have the same technology but if that was the case then why did Gorr specifically target Asgard for the Bifrost? Also, Valkyrie's horse can just open portals? then what the fuck is the point of the Bifrost if Asgard had horses like that?!
Another reason the play scene in Ragnarok worked was the actors they got to play the part of Loki Thor and Odin were all at one time being considered to play the actual characters in the MCU movies, so it was a fun Easter egg vibe and there was a sense of “what if?” about the whole thing.   I know Disney’s casting has been shit lately but I really don’t think Melissa McCarthy was ever considered for the role of Hela
Slightly better that Multiverse of Weakness for what it's worth.
Well said, sir. Very well said
Also unpopular opinion: Korg was never that great.
Why do they keep parading Melissa McCarthy around like a big dumb bumbling idiot. They treat her like Chris farley cept she's not funny nor as talented.
Make a better movie then I’ll wait
Please do "woman king"!!
The fact that Critical Drinker think any Marvel movie is good, disqualifies him entirely as a review critic.
I feel that the success (surprise success) of Ragnarok (which lets be honest could have failed and the fanchise/story would have been ok) went to Taika's head, and the freshness of that film was always going to be damn difficult to reproduce, as you can't just copy and paste with different characters (as that "play" scene proves) you either need to make it even better or leave it as was and carry on making Thor films as the the first TWO and Avengers/Guardians versions.
Wow, you can tell he's actually a good actor because I honestly didn't realize that was Matt Damon in that scene and I've seen that movie at least 3 times.
They have abandoned the basic
Patty Jenkins ruined Wonder Woman 2 like Taika ruined Love and Thunder. Put too much in the film although Patty was more in to the writing of the script. They had so much buy ruined by interjecting themselves too much into instead directing.
Only solidly good thing in this movie was Christian Bale and the character of Gorr, a malevolent villain who still manages to draw out our sympathy with his tortured origin story of losing his daughter and discovering that his god is a selfish and cruel being who only wants to see his followers die for him over and over.
getting christopher walken vibes from the critical drinker
why does this guy sound like his lips are glued together and really struggle to speak?
Director had too much coke up his nose and his gf's thumb up his a....
There is nothing in this world that is improved by the inclusion of Melissa McCarthy, and this movie is but another demonstration of that.  It's also a demonstration that Taika Waititi only knows how to do absurdism and slapstick, and that's the extent of his talents (though not the extent of his ego by a country mile).
Horrible experience in a theatre
Even Ragnarok wasn't that good and it's MSheU. It inserted obnoxious amounts of humor with one bit being stolen from Disney Star Wars. It's ridiculous that humor and levity pass for good storytelling and interesting characters.
Love and Thunder was such a waste, Zeus was made a joke, Gorr was really wasted, should have had more screen time and should have been a very serious threat with world ending implications, not so much comedy😤😤😤😤
Why? Why was this made? 😖 I'm sorry, but I think Thor's time to retire the Hammer/Axe thingy has come now
Taika is a goofball with an love affair with the full range of the color palette. His rumor was eye-rolling bad in this movie and the color was so bright I thought I was watching some feel good 80's cartoon like Rainbow Bright or the Carebears Movie
There was Jane Foster - didn't care there was God butcher - didn't care  there was Thor - didn't care there was Korg crumbling to pieces - almost cried. All in all shit/10
No no no CD...that scene in the second film Love n Thunder DID serve a MAJOR purpose...................It gives a fat woman the chance to pretend they are the gorgeous and SLIM Cate Blanchett, and/or a Goddess
if korg didn't have his like three monologues, the story would've been the same, and I wouldn't have left the cinema before the movie was finished.
I bet kids liked it and that's all that matters 🖖
And it was Gun's An Roses Greatest Hits  .... !
A scene like the play in Love and Thunder only works if the play is happening in the background of a more important and plot-central scene. The play in Ragnarok is a background setpiece to Thor meeting who we think is Odin, so it ties into the plot.. Love and Thunder stops flat and makes the play the sole focus so it's a complete waste of time
Ayo Fortnite turned into squid games
That thumbnail is creepy. Fat women are creepy.
Let's face it tiki toilet paper is overrated AF
Man I really hope marvel is taking notes on this phase. It really hasn't been great. So I hope they can look at the feedback like this video and reign things in a bit
8:12 As someone who actually liked Hela, watching this cosplay makes me hurt.
Because they made kids cartoon , without feelings and seriousness
i never saw the movie but i really thought that you put melissa mccarthy in the thumbnail as a joke. she was really in that movie...
My kids pulled this up the other day. My kids never sit thru a movie, but they sat thru the whole thing. So I watched it, and yeah, it's a good kids movie/dad movie. But not a good action flick.
That’s exactly how I felt after watching it, written by a preteen
Taika means "magic" in my language.
I don't see what people liked about Ragnarok. It's no different that Love and Thunder.
This guy has the most annoying voice ever
McCarthy gained movie popularity when she was in Bridesmaids. She has played the same character ever since. It was a cringe character so it is only funny once then it is cringe.
Normally, I agree with you.  However maybe you need some rehab, this movie, while not great was a fun easy watch.
i couldnt agree more
Thor: Ragnarok is the one that ended my interest in MCU movies because it was becoming cheap, indulgent comedy. It happened to be Waititi's scene as Korg in the worst example of bathos.  Korg: [Asgard is now in ruins] The damage is not too bad. As long as the foundations are still strong, we can rebuild this place. It will become a haven for all peoples and aliens of the universe. [Asgard explodes]  Korg: Oof. Now those foundations are gone. Sorry.
It's hard to believe that this movie was directed by the same guy who directed Jojo Rabbit....
Waititi is the Morfydd Clark of MCU directors. GET RID OF HIM.
I will argue that Melissa McCarthy played Suki the Hotel Chef well in Gilmore Girls.
Yeah this just took the pass , worst marvel movie alone never mind Thor film
I watched Morbius before I watched Thor Dumb and Dumber. Morbius I finished- Thor Dumb and Dumber- Quit around 17 min. in glad I wasted 0 cash on it.
Melissa McCarthy is an expert in 3 things... 1.) being obese as fk 2.) be unfunny as no human else in the universe, maybe multiverse 3.) be annoying to the point you just wanna end yourself immediately
😂😂😂I’ve only seen Ragnorok 😆 😊
I've spent a lot of years in California, around the movie industry, via family in the trade.  After watching this,  I get the strong feeling that the Drinker isn't familiar with cocaine. Why say that? Because a certain director, who I won't name, obviously is very familiar with it. Hyper confident, hyper cheerful, sure they are the best ever at whatever they are doing, bar none. A little nose candy and you get a director making a movie like this. Drugs aren't even discouraged anymore in LaLa land.  Get used to incoherent but energetic. You ain't seen nothing yet.
I clicked off when u praised ragnarok.  U shitted on that movie like it was a portopotty
Lazy, degenerate, diverse, non-creative. The qualities of modern storytelling
Taika drank his own cool aid long ago.
I honestly don't even remember the theatre scene in love and thunder. Mind you I can't remember much from it
I Don't Know if I'm just easy to please or Something but I Enjoyed this Movie. I realized the moment the children got kidnapped that this wasn't going to be a particularly serious Move and Just enjoy the childish antics I'm not saying that I disagree with what the Drinker has said, he is Right. I just think some people are taking this specific movie a little too seriously
Bruh, Christian Bale was too good for this movie...
Oh thank goodness. I thought I was the only one that thought Melissa McCarthy isn’t funny. Honestly, she’s obnoxious and makes me want to change the channel. I don’t forgive her for Ghostbusters either.
and who in New Zealand didn't see that failure coming... he works on too many projects at once and lost all his mojo
Taco Why-T-t & Tessa Thompson are full of themselves.
I just dont understand how you get a thunderbolt through the chest and survive.
Melissa McCarthy is not funny. I avoid her movies because she makes me physically ill. I don’t understand it. Started happening around the time Tammy came out. Can’t watch her since then.
Man this movie sucked.
He really comes across as a self-important narcissistic douchebag. Every interview I've seen with him and the way he acts on and off camera is all like a big Goofy joke to him.  On top of everything not fans by telling them that he was going to ruin their lore.    He obviously fix the fans are ridiculous and that he's Superior and it came through in every aspect of his storytelling.
8:21 eh, she was funny in that one scene in that one movie with Bateman where she runs away and there's a wide shot and she going like 4 miles per hour.
She was great in 9s. I think its more how she is utilized than her.
Love and Thunder was a great film, but I’m not not a comic book reading nerd who still plays dress ups after 12.
Why isn't it cultural appropriation when a non Nordic person without Viking ancestry writes stories about just that?
Yep: the scene in LaT is total BS written by someone who can't write. With a very unfunny Melissa McCarthy - as we come to expect. Most of the time it's best to stick to one's actual profession - a director isn't a writer.
He just got cocky.  Everyone's done it. Spielberg has twice (even said so) taraninto, coppola, Scorsese, stallone, Lucas et all. You have a hit and a great run and everyone loves you and you think you're mad of Teflon and so did Taika. But in doing so you become arrogant, you stop second guessing yourself, doing that extra take, the homework, and really trying as hard as you used to or worse uou try TOO hard on the wrong areas.
Over the course of Thor's character development across every MCU appearance, he experienced something like what happened to Homer Simpson and Michael Scott.  At first they were somewhat serious people around whom humorous situations were created.  Homer was in a perpetual bad mood because of his son's shenanigans.  Then he became "Jerkass Homer", with increasingly unbelievable situations that served only to lob jokes at the audience.  Homer began as a hardworking family man making the best of his life, only to get launched into space with Buzz Aldrin.  Thor began as a god, but slowly devolved into a buffoon with no self-awareness.  Instead of creating humorous situations, he simply became the butt of the jokes.  Not to belabor the point further, but the differences between Star Treks IV and V were that IV had warmth and humor, while V had sight gags and comedy.
There is going to be Thor 5? After this blunder? At this point in the MCU? When the arc of the main character himself is not heading anywhere? When the main character is a white male? When all the original Avengers were basically replaced or emasculated? No way.
Yeah it was Crap compared to Ragnarok even the first two were better
Melissa McCarthy and amy Schumer have to be the 2 ugiliest and most annoying women in Hollywood change my mind
Have held off watching this latest Marvel series because of the cheesy Trailers and I wanted to hear an objective review. You've done that in your own unequaled style and my suspicions were correct. This latest Thor Love and Thunder movie has all the earmarks of a sequel trying to play off what made the original Gr8. It rarely works and I'm surprised Marvel kept the same producer for that very reason. That said, I'll probably wait till it's available online, sit and pop some popcorn . . . maybe that'll make me feel better.
8:18; not really. Bridesmaids is the only good McCarthy movie, every thing after that is hack
too much cocaine
I knew this movie was going to suck based off the name. So glad I didn't waste my time or money on it.
Yes he needs to wrk with others
Interesting analysis of a kids movie.
For me... it was childish.
“Evil cannot create anything new, they can only corrupt and ruin what good forces have invented or made.” The quote is attributed to JRR Tolkien. communism = evil.
Where's that fat lady from the thumbnail?
I liked it. Wasn’t in my top 5 marvel movies. But I still thoroughly enjoyed it.
You know what's strange? Everyone in the cast felt like they were over-acting just like the theatre characters. Christian Bale sounded like he was trying to tone it down after Watiti's direction.
Review Repo Men
I watched the scene where they meet Zeus in a clip on YT. Zeus is not some jokey clown. He's the most powerful god in his pantheon and a mean SOB.
Taika Waititi writes and directs good comedy. He's not a "comedy genuis", but when he does comedy it usually comes out creative, original, snappy and funny. But he's too much of an egomaniac to admit that this is all he does well. In his mind he's a genius-level versatile writer and director and everyone's dying to sample whatever he vomits out, no matter the genre. And it doesn't help that he has a massive anti-White chip on his shoulder either.
Couldn't we say it serves as world building since it shows how new asgard uses culture to help with the economy?
You know what wouldn't suck? A Critical Drinker review of Children of Men!!
It's starting to become quite obvious that all these movies are just purely made to launder money.
The first one was relevant and funny as hell.   The 2nd one was irrelevant and wasn't funny at all, it was so unfunny it was awkward.
Taika Waititi has fallen through that SJW rabbit hole, all he's concerned about it not offending people anymore and how to be more "inclusive" there's no originality left in him...
Thor 4 had the same approach that Ghostbusters 2016 had: "We got a basic premise that another film was great with,  and were gonna do improv with it. What could go wrong?"
I just watched this movie = Bale was dreadfully underused is the nicest criticism I can level at it...OH MY CRUMBS it was pooooooo
Just proves that hero movies are getting more dumber the more they Release
Who knew shooting a movie of ideas and then cobbling together the goal and story in editing is a bad idea.
That puts it so well... I will borrow some of your arguments. A lot of what you said applies to different movies and series. And it really bothers me, that these 100 million dollar productions are wasting their screentime. I mean every second of a film like this one is super expensive. You shouldnt waste 120 of them for one shitty joke
I mean I thought it was fun
This movie was all good. Y'all tripping
It really was a film made by a child, Guns and Roses’ appetite for destruction was the first album I ever bought, so on the one hand it was awesome hearing my favourite music in the film, but artistically it also struck me as extremely heavy handed.
You suck,Thor love and thunder was the best movie ever
Honestly this wasn't much of a step down from Ragnorok, but I didn't really like Ragnorok as much as most people 😅
I demand a remake of this movie but from other directors , not that idiotic Taika .
It did prove one thing … that Cate Blanchett was objectively hotter at 50 that Melissa McCarthy was at any age … and that is kinda funny.
Taika is overrated.
Taika is the class clown of the directing world. I personally found this movie very funny but unfortunately throwing joke after joke after joke just doesn't work when creating a cohesive movie. Jane literally dies of cancer and I swear there’s a joke maybe 2 minutes later. The guy is funny and he makes people laugh, but he REALLY needs serious people around him to tune it down and focus on the actual movie
I like Ragnorok because it was different and took Thor in an all new direction. I didn't like the Valkyrie character at all and she was the main drawback to the movie. That, and them using a neck buzzer of _ELECTRICITY_ to control Thor. Isn't he immune to electricity?? Also, Grandmaster was ridiculous. I mean, what a goof! And he rules an entire PLANET???  Love & Thunder just went over-the-top with silliness. Gore, a regular dude killing aaaaaaalllllll those Gods???  Didn't Thor tell StarLord that a weapon like that would destroy the mind & body of any normie who tried to wield it?
Have to point out how lame it is to just lift a scene straight from a preceeding movie and writer, without transforming it to serve a new purpose while also respecting the original material. Dunno why but I kind of always had the impression Waititi was kind of a self-absorbed dingus, better used as a manic actor than director.
Low intelligence best describes it
Did you go to the cinema or watch on the Tele talking the whole time ..  Cos it's fucking awesome your calling great actors basically having fun playing out comic hero's .. And if valkerie in leather with beads and corn rolls  ain't floating your boat or Natalie Portman's crazy cosplay ..   Then I can't help you Brother. Nah there all excellent.  But I actually read them  in the 70s + 80s Thor was already a favourite of mine and is ridiculously far fetched  . But it's fantasy adventure.. be shit if they just  remade top gun forever.   The cameos are great the effects excellent and in 3D IMAX it's almost alive  . Think we are seeing two different movies . 👍  Oh your Franky Boyel .. needs work 😅
Did you see the rainbow path on the fake play set, what an Easter egg to tell us of the end of the franchise
Maybe there should be a reedit with Chris in charge of it.
This is an example of an independent review in the era of commissioned ones! Reviews these days are simply masked advertisements, but this guy is a breath of fresh air and with a punch to it! Well said!
Taika was great in What We Do in the Shadows. Reservation Dogs and Flight of the Conchords are also excellent. I refuse to watch Hitler movies that aren't accurate, so I haven't seen JoJo Rabbit and I wasn't impressed with Thor Ragnarok. I like the guy but he's going overboard with all the freedom and money Disney gives him. Some of the best talents work best with small budgets. It forces them to be more creative with what they've got and a lot less willing to throw sh¡t at the wall to see what sticks.
Wow this was spot on!!  Keep all your reviews as objective and honest as this one.
It’s in no way a perfect film , but I don’t think it’s terrible. Ultimately it was pretty fun movie to watch and I enjoyed it. I certainly understand the issues with it but at least it was enjoyable to watch compared some of the other marvel crap that is out right now
The lack of continuity is what bothered me the most, honestly...  u.u
Honestly, I dont like Thor Ragnarok. At all. It feels like the darkest and most crucial part of Norse mythology was reduced into a joke. In short, Thor Ragnarok feels like a parody, where every tragic event or sad moment turns into a joke. Thor Love and Thunder feels like a parody of a parody - its too much and the jokes are not even funny anymore.
It is a farse .. real word i can find  in my bad english ..garbage
I really liked Ragnorak and was happy to give Taika Waititi a long leash for Love and Thunder. Unfortunately so was Keven Feige. Oops.
So George Lucas and the prequels.
I had low expectations for the movie which made me enjoy it even more. It’s not the best movie ever made but I did enjoy it,
Taika is an unhinged clown that should never be allowed to sit in the director's chair.
Why did it suck?  Because the people who wrote and directed it also suck.
One reviewer compared Thor Love and Thunder to Batman & Robin and they actually had a valid point. Both are sequels to a goofier course correction movie that fails by doubling down and going way too far.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
It's all about ideological subversion. It is really the only explanation at this point.
My biggest complaints were the CGI and the rushed writing. Natalie Portman looked good in the suit and bad in the mask. We didn’t need the mask, so why even bother? I’m not quite sure other than for comic fan service of some sort perhaps? She didn’t need to be super buff, not that it’s an issue, but Black Widow is absolute capable of killing her enemies with tiny arms. I didn’t see why she needed to undergo such a physical transformation especially when it was CGI and thus more wasted money. Bale was great, the story isn’t the worst. I’d liken it to as good as Thor 1 but at this point I expected more. Zeus’ payoff of being a useless tw*t would have been more effective had they not been so determined to make Thor seem incompetent also. This movie was a mess but I laughed occasionally and the ending was great.
This movie didn't work but I still love and respect Taika. We should encourage people like him in this business, the alternative of conveyor belt, written-by-committee shit is not better. But the question is, how can we provide a framework to let people like Taika create successful products consistently?
I almost walked out of the theater when that bipedal hog dressed as Hela showed up. Wish I had...
Taika is insufferable and makes unfunny cringe. Totally over him.
From my mind to your pen 😂  My review of Love and Thunder for what’s it’s worth was… Tamika Waititi is high on his own farts..
Exactly.
Hopefully Ant Man is a good movie. Marvel really needs a successful well received project or phase 4 is pretty much a complete failure.
I'm just glad he didn't get his way with the Akira movie. I don't want this clown anywhere near adapting any amount of the Akira stories, manga, animated film or otherwise.
Also, how did the actors even recreate such scene, since the only people who were present there are now dead, except for Thor? And would he really like that someone enacted his father's death? (quite a private sad moment)  Such an useless, flawed and prolonged scene. 🤷‍♂
I didn't like this movie from the very first scenes, but I couldn't understand what didn't suit me. Until the scene with Zeus and his plastic zigzag. That's when I realized that this movie was Shazam. Except, Shazam was more of a children's movie, with childish jokes, a bit of a superhero parody. And Thor should be a Marvel movie. Serious, but with a pinch of well-placed jokes. This movie doesn't have it. Every joke in this movie causes an extreme cringe, not to mention the entire WOKE. What pisses me off the most is the deus ex machina which is the ultimate goal of the antagonist. This entity existed from the very beginning. And probably all the gods knew where he was, and that ... bifrost opens the door to him. And it only fulfills 1 wish. How has nobody visited him before?
They added that Scene so they could shove Fat Mellissa Mcarthy into the MSHEU... I could imagine a world where Taika hired her as a "way  to own the trolls" by hiring one of the failed assholes from Ghostbusters 2016....
It reminds me of the 90"s Batman movies, with the goofy charters and and colors.
Early Life continues to be a wellspring of "Of course".
When a directors ego goes unchecked  it produces trash like this,more like a sat morning cartoon than a big budget film,don’t think I laughed once inspire of a joke coming every 2 mins,worst mcu film to date,bale was the only one trying
Avengers in phase 4 feels like Saints Row the Third, it's like it's just a joke
5 billion times better then darkworld,  not saying to much but is definitely re watchable.
Why is everyone hating on this movie, i for love this
It doesn't take itself seriously. Like a parody of itself.
While I didn't think it was a better film than number 3, my 5 year old boy might beg to differ. The look of being  wide eyed and having the biggest grin showed me just how much the kid Thors  was written for kids like him.
I mean, there's another problem with the play scene. In "Ragnarok" it makes sense because Loki would actually have the details of what happened, penning in Odin in the scene is almost an afterthought. But in L&T... who the hell told anyone what happened on that cliffside? They even know what jacket Thor was wearing, but it makes no sense. Who gave them those details!?
The answer good sir, is no.. Melissa Mccarthy was never funny, quite the opposite, she has a habbit of draining the fun out of anything she is in.
Sean Spicer?
Actually that play scene in ragnarok also tells us that Loki sacrifised himself, writers knowing that no one watched the previous movie, without being forced like a flashback or in dialogue form. Bonus point.
do she hulk please
"I’ll destroy your mythos in a minute, baby." - Taika Waititi He's certainly good at that, while being an *sshole about it at the same time.
After that weird nazi kid fantasy Hitler movie, Watiti has been getting worse.
It's like the writing of Family Guy - jokes over content.  You don't need to sacrifice content for comedy. if you actually hire good writers, they can do both. Movies do it all the time.
The real issue could be a flawed director. However, at this point in time, it's much more likely to be part of a vast demoralization campaign against the Western world and against humanity.
People bitch and moan about Etetnals, but atleast that seemed like a somewhat competent movie. Love and Thunder was a steaming pile. Easily the worst Marvel movie released thus far. Not just Phase 4, the entirety of the MCU. I hate this movie. Taika Waititi shouldn't be anywhere near the writing team or a directors chair for anymore Marvel productions, in my opinion.  What an absolute hack.
It was shit. The script was shit. The acting was shit. The plot was shit. It looked like shit. And there is a pile of cat-shit in my garden that is more entertaining.
Same thing happened with Gunn in GOTG2
Taika Waititi is going full M Night at this point
Ragnorak was another disaster.
It's the only Thor movie I decided to skip. I heard Christian Bale is good as the villain but the writing of Gorr is pretty bad.
Thank you for the analysis which brought something new for us
You didn't sound very angry this time
Makes me glad I never saw the movie! But I always appreciate the Drinkers' reviews!
It's sad how they're turned a powerful kingdom like asguard into a tourist attraction.  They did the same thing with the Hulk in She Hulk.
i liked it
What an enjoyable intelligent breakdown.
"A once galaxy spanning empire is now reduced to selling a cheesy knockoff of their culture for a few dollars, which is a good metaphor for how Disney treats Norse mythology"   *Gonna need more than a band-aid for that one*
While I agree that scene was pure cringe, I actually laughed pretty hard when Melissa mccarthy showed up   That’s one of the few times I got a laugh seeing her
Absolutely spot on. I thought Ragnarok was brilliant. Had it's hilarious moments and the serious but L&T felt like I was watching a memes and gags reel. The worst for me is that it had no regard for it's more serious scenes. Everything was a joke. What a complete waste.
i thought im watching filmento review  🤣🤣🤣
Does YT turn the bell off sometimes? I swear I had the bell on.
You know, the part when you say how Disney and Marvel treat Norse Mythology is actually one of the things that worries me the most with Black Panther Wakanda Forever in the way they are gonna treat prehispanic cultures. Don't get me wrong I'm actually excited about the movie, and I'm gonna go watch in honor of Chadwick Boseman, but seeing what they are gonna do with Namor, and how they are probably gonna make a jumble of everything, example Atlantis is called Tlalocan, a water heaven in mexica (aztec) mythology, but apparently it has a more mayan influence culture, Tenoch Huerta said he learned to speak mayan for it, so I just waiting to see what's gonna happen.
Thor wasn't bad endgame sucked... Fight over that nerds
Taika Watiti is fan of one piece ?
Low effort, low intelligence, undisciplined are spot on  terms for describing Waititi after he got spoiled by popularity.
I mean having Melissa McCarthy as fake Hela was a gem, in fact there are lots of gems in this movie, but yeah overall it’s anticlimactic and goofy especially when it comes to the cliche misconception of Gods and Divinity
This scene isn't so bad...infact it's among few enjoyable parts...apart from Christian bale performance, everything else sucks...
"Thor: Love and Thunder" does to the MCU what "Teen Titans Go" does to the DC Universe. The difference is that "Teen Titans Go" is meant to be an immature parody that's not connected to the rest of DC's movie and TV show continuity, while "Thor: Love and Thunder" is meant to be an immature parody that is connected to the rest of the MCU continuity. That's what pisses off fans so much. Any other longtime Marvel Comics fans will remember Marvel's comic book series "What The?!" The tone of "Thor: Love and Thunder" was very much the same.  Also, compare the use of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song" in "Thor: Ragnarok" to the inclusion of Guns 'N Roses songs in "Thor: Love and Thunder". "Immigrant Song" references Norse mythology. It wasn't just a classic rock song. "Thor: Love and Thunder" didn't understand that. It just wanted classic rock songs. It tried to recreate the success of its predecessor through superficial means. From a comic book artist's perspective, this is like how Rob Liefeld became famous copying other people artwork to make flashy pictures without understanding human anatomy, perspective, and important things like that.
Thumbnail scared the heck out of me.
still thought the movie was better than i expected it to be. Maybe it's cause we're conditioned to be ok with not great movies but i understand that not all movies, especially Marvel ones, are going to be cinematic masterpieces. or even cinematic decentpieces. it was entertaining. how they handled Natalie Portman's character was great. overall i gave the movie a solid B. it was enjoyable.
Marvel is trashhhh
Imagine a world without melissa mccarthy... Just imagine....
Butchered the story and comic of Gorr and introduction to Knull, highly recommend reading the comics, I cannot bring myself to watch Thor to see have the disappointment especially wasting Christine Bale talent.
People seem to form their opinions from other people. Imo it was good enjoyable and a amazing balance between the darkness or Gorr and Janes Cancer with the positive of Comedy.  This was better than anything Marvel released in a while
yeah, when I watched it in the theaters I liked it, but I was riding the vibe of the moment with everyone else, after going home and putting more thought into it I quickly started to realize how low effort it was, it's like you said, a watered down version of Thor Ragnarok but without the soul.
You're just a drunk man-child. Have a little imagination. If you directed it, would it be any better? Thought so. Have a seat.
I still can’t get over how forced Female Thor was in this movie either. She is worthy of the hammer because she’s a cancer patient is really forced. With this insight into the director, I understand why this idea wouldn’t work. Good work on this video! I look forward to your video on Rings of Power when you get the chance
Perfection is not when there is nothing else to add, but when there is nothing left to take away -Antoine de Saint-Expery
Super hero movie? I'm not going to watch it. I'm not 12 anymore, and they've long proven to be unworthy of any serious film connoisseur. They're unworthy of this video and unworthy of high minded discussion. The only viable option is to ignore them, and keep on the look out for the 2-3 good movies that come out every few years.  Go back and look for movies from past decades that you missed or didn't see for whatever reason. That's about all you can do these days when it comes to movies.👍
i actually love the movie. it was entertaining
I've watched Ragnarok several times as it is one of those movies I can watch over and over.    I couldn't watch Love and Thunder longer than 60 minutes.
Taika taking too much coke.
I just found that film so boring. Constantly trying to get laughs with all the snarky shit that falls flat continuously, just play it straight once in a while for God’s sake.  Also that Valkyrie is just insufferable. Every scene she’s got some smug, know it all look on her face, always putting Thor down and carrying on with herself. Very off putting.
Don't forget Waititi posted a public video where he and Thompson insult the VFX. That right there told me all I need to know about him.
Funny at being fat
8:19  The happy Time Murders. Not her that makes the movie but she fits it well.
I have not watched this yet but I am skeptical on why it sucks because it has a really great villian.
Wtf there will be another Thor movie?
Taika's character from Free Guy still hasn't wash off him
I did not enjoy this movie. but the part near the beginning where he takes off on stormbreaker like a broomstick... i almost died. that was hilarious and so unexpected. yes, it was all down hill from there. but dang was that good. reminded me of randy marsh in that crackhead witch episode of south park.
You mean to tell me there's Thor 5 in the making?
This director was good as a change of pace for Ragnarok. But they shouldn't have given him another movie.
The movie was boring and the jokes were unfunny. I really didn't like Thor: Ragnarok, or any other standalone Thor film for that matter, so this is nothing new for me.
Love and Thunder has given me new found fondness for Thor the Dark World
the whole movie could have been saved by a scene at the end where it turns out Korg was telling us all this and embellishing... maybe Thor and Starlord could be in the audience and Starlord says 'that's not how it happened - at all' and Thor could smirk and say 'works for me'... the end... all the problems are gone.
Drinker, stop. Listeing to you praising the retarded shit of Ragnarok in contrast to the retarded shit form Love and Thunder was painful. Both films were trash. Ragnarok fails at delivering everything it sets up because Taika didn't take anything seriously. Everyone is out of character, the setting has been diminished and oversimplified and we are watching half a dozen different films mashed together so Taika couldn't be forced to focus on one. Love and Thuder was simply Ragnarok on steroids.
The scene analysis doesnt apply to comedies tho. Since alot of scenes are just to be funny.
Spot on
The more I learn of this movie, the more profoundly thankful I am that I chose not to see it.  I'd have a Cringeattack.
I think this video is spot on.  I just want to add that the problems with love and thunder are magnified by the fact that the movie is meant to tell part of the overarching story in phase 4 of the MCU.  The issues with discipline in this movie is going to effect the whole franchise both the movies and the Disney plus shows.  The Disney overlords need to have people who are on point and capable of keeping the parts of their stories that impact the overarching MCU in mind on their individual projects.  The problem is even worse in She Hulk I think, but this movie is also likely to effect the overall cohesiveness of the MCU.
The first scene of the play works because its exactly what Loki would do and consistent with his character!  The second scene is simply insulting and mocking past events, cheap humor just for something Taki thinks is funny.
9:14 thats luffy there !!
Minus the much needed criticism of these awful films I am learning a lot about film from you dude. Going back to school for film studies and videos like this are educational and helpful on how to recognize different aspects of film
Zack Snyder…
Thor love and Thunder just made me want a Gorr movie.
Random question for you Drinker, why do you drink that American piss Jack Daniels instead of proper good Scotch whiskey? All your Grand-Drinkers must be turning in their graves, get yourself a good bottle of Glenfiddich quick!
I can't pinpoint what it is, exactly, that's always rubbed me the wrong way about Taika Waititi, but aside from the film What We Do in the Shadows I've never been able to stand him on screen.
Like you Drinker I have my own issues with Thor 3. But yes your comparison tells it all and I also tell this to anyone who wants to be a future filmmaker or book writer.      Thor 3 had creative insight teamed up with oversight of the director whom they tell Taika to dial it down when it needed to be serious.    Thor 4 has out of control creative bombardment and no oversight and that is why Thor 4 is basically the butt of a joke that is the size of Melissa McCarthy's ass.
Well... I hadn't seen any of the behind the scenes footage. I think Taika might've taken the surface characteristics of Luffy from One Piece to heart instead of the incredible writing from Eiichiro Oda in that epic. It makes me wince to see that man wear Luffy's Wanted poster on his sweater.
Nailed it again, you dramatically diabolical and dastardly drinker!
9:13 THE ONE PIECE
IDK I have seen Tika Waititi's work, and honestly, I do not think he can't be replaced by nearly any recent graduate from film school given a good cinematographer and screenplay writer.
Thor love n thunder is the equivalent of a compulsion of all the SNL skits that neva made tha big screen bcaz they weren't funny... Waititi is a man - child n shud neva be given creative control unless his writing a flick on Disney junior...💯💯💯
All Thor movies suck. They’re just so boring.
I knew the movie was in trouble after McCarthy appeared.
Never bothered with MCU after Endgame and having Melissa McCarthy in the cast tells me I should say far away from it.
Well drinker... So far - so good. I am a long time fan but silent commenter. But no more. Because there is something awesome you haven't covered yet: CROCODILE DUNDEE!
That's not your Job
Every Other universe has a regular god butcher to kills gods  we Christian Bale kidnapping kids, as The God Butcher 🤔
the flaws of this film really resonate with this me. its sacrifices story for the sake of funny ideas, and actually I had an idea for a comic that was just like this. Eventually I decided to make it totally serious by the time I started drawing it. I could be making something like thor ragnarok but fate decides against it.
Something that I find just baffling, is that through all of this toxic crap that passes for modern films these days, Thor 4, Captain Marvel, The Last Jedi, and Star Trek Kelvin timeline, is that it's almost as if all of these terrible movies didn't have any executive oversight of any kind.  You'd think the board members at Paramount, Disney, and Time Warner would have a sit down and discuss each script and the way the story is written.  The CEO of Disney has displayed his frustration with Star Wars, how is it that they can even make it to the first scene being shot?
Oh god, there's going to a Thor 5?!?!?! When will this hell end??
Every time I see Melissa McCarthy on screen my life expectancy drops at least one year
Disney hates us cuz they ain't us, it's why they write Norse mythology so crappily
None of the comedy in the MCU can match the raw and real yet funny af scenes with Prof X and Wolverine in Logan.  "There you go. Now go."  "I cant go while you're looking."  "I'm not looking. Trust me."  "Shes 11, I'm f**king 90."
one of the most disapointing movies i saw
An excellent appraisal
I had to rewatch the video a few times because I couldn't stop getting distracted by the stupid way this guy drags out the final word of a sentence.   "brotherrrrrrr, fatherrrrrrr, motionnnnnn, ennnnndddddd"
love and thunder was everything ragnarock was not.  huge difference was that it wasn't funny 98% of the time and felt like it was trying too hard to be funny.  the female thor really had no personality and I didn't give a damn about her dying of cancer which was a fail at pulling on my heart strings.  ragnarock wasn't overkill on the jokes and thinking about a lot of them make me smile to this day.   the 80s retro style wa awesome too.  this one was just.....made me bored.  the actors weren't bad at all but this isn't a movie that needs Natalie portman.  it's not her style.
Why comparing two shits?
When they were on the boat (to get the kids back) and thor was talking to Jane, when korg went on the 🎤 and started singing that was it I couldn't watch any more, what a waste
Pretty damn fine argument and analysis, if I do say so myself...
Melissa is the pigHella. Now i understand everything. And definitely stay away from this disney shitpile.
Other than being a bit harsh on Melissa McCarthy, spot on :)
If this analysis taught me one thing:  You can’t catch lightning in a bottle twice.  This speaks for not only just this scene… but the ENTIRE MCU
That was the 🌈 movie ever dude why they do Zeus like that .
man you only spoke about the play, i was expecting a deep dive like usual
i really dont think this guy is drunk during these videos his choice of words are way too good for that.
How the hell did Odin get left on earth 🤔 and was that the reason he died
all i have to say is 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It had some good moments I watched it for free on a movie channel I wouldn't have watched it if I had to pay for it For free If you don't have anything else to do It's not the worst movie I ever saw
I seriously checked out of this movie when Melissa McCarthy appeared, omg she's irritating and ruined the whole movie for me.
Crap crap crap 10 years of hollywood crap fest
I once thought Melissa McCarthy was funny in her very early days but after the same jokes in every movie gets tired faster. Yeah your loud fat and hurt yourself got it.
At least this movie was nowhere near as garbage as Thor 1, Dark World, and Captain Marvel
It’s the George Lukas problem
Taika is seriously overrated imho.
so the two scenes you're comparing Thor Ragnarok plus Thor love and thunder The one thing I'm confused about Thor Ragnarok Loki is the reason why the play was created, which he altered the story to make himself look like a hero. but for the movie Thor Love and thunder who told her that happened That's an intimate moment between Loki and Thor then Helena showed up, she wasn't there to see that so how did she make a play based on that scene?
The biggest issue I have is that they're really butchering the lore that Thor is derived from, as well as not taking care to respect the character growth that had occurred before. I had expected the next Thor movie to focus on his grief and the journey that would take him through, after loosing his home-world, his father, and his brother he's deservingly depressed. I was thinking we would see his interactions with the guardians, or maybe work through what had happened with the avengers and how he's effectively left that life behind. There was a lot of ripe storytelling available to address the biggest point developmentally in his character after the last movie. But Taika took all of the seriousness and driven storytelling and turned it into a cheap joke. Like I am honestly astounded at how a multi million dollar movie feels so genuinely, disgustingly cheap. The actors must feel almost ashamed and I really pity them. Overall Marvel has lost my faith, my excitement, and my loyalty. I will no longer be watching their movies in theaters unless they're widely known to be worth the time and money to go see. Hell, if they shit the bed like this one did I probably won't stream them either. No reason to subject my eyes and psyche to such a disasterous wreck.
I reject the premise that Taika can even do comedy. If that were true, this movie would have at least been funny. This movie was fucking dire to watch.   The real takeaway from this movie is that Taika has been riding other people's coattails for his previous successes.
I didn't like Ragnarok either.. Turning everything into a joke belongs in a different genre.
You only need to look at both Thor 4 and 5's writing credits and you will understand what went wrong.
Everyone sick of dumb comedy marvel yet?
Ragnarok is one of my favorite comic book movies. I don't get how this happened.
I just need marvel to keep making movies. That way I videos to watch on YouTube.
This movie was meant to be darker unlike Ragnorok. The characters were going through a serious development and the story was meant to be more serious. But Taika try to make this exactly like Ragnorok. With so many jokes put in there that was not needed and jokes trying to make light of situations wasn’t the move. Gorr wasn’t the villain he could have been also
Extraction 2 is coming...
I agree Melissa is rarely funny. I only liked her in the Heat and the movie that she got an Oscar nomination in. The rest of her performances suck.
I couldn’t even watch it for more than 2 minutes, such a horrible movie!
“Sorry about trying to rule earth…”
My wife was complaining the whole time and she’s fairly open minded. The entire movie is one long unfunny joke.
Best of all it flows so seemlessly nobody even notices until it gets pointed out by most likely a film student who made the tradgic life choice to learn about film and learnt to spot this very thing who now lives in a world where the later example is an acceptable norm in the craft they once loved when they were but a student.  And if we continue this story using decent writting from here we can make a movie about it. Something silly and light hearted where the bad guys fail and our young hero learns the lessons needed to save the future of hollywood or the tragedy where they do the same thing but fail then get hooked on alcohol achieving a smaller goal of becoming a youtube movie critic.
Can everyone admit Taika Waititti is awful and a hack and you all just enjoy saying his stupid name?
I was expecting you to mention the part later in the movie where Matt Damon and Luke Hemsworth appear AGAIN saying they didn't hear a 'no' and go act some more. Dumb scene in it of itself even if it lasts a couple of seconds.
Mary Poppins writing, they “recreated” the original scenes without tying them to the plot. I did not realize how well the original was written until the new one was made….
Perfectly on point. And I am really sad about it, because I love Waititi and all his previous movies, including Ragnarok. And this sequel was just... terrible.
People love to complain
Who even told the actors in the second play about the events they are acting out? In the first play Loki told them about the events to feed his ego. But the second play had to be Loki, Thor, or hela. No one else would have known about the events.  AND it doesn’t make sense that Thor left his hammer there even if it was broken -.-
You give Thor Ragnorak wayyyyy too much credit. That movie was a joke as well. It lead to Thor Love and Thunder. Both trash...
I actually am not a big fan off Thor under Taika Waititi. Even Ragnarok I didnt like very much. I am more a fan off Thor 1&2 . Which doesnt mean Taika is a bad filmmaker overal. I loved Jojo Rabbit.
You literally could have kept this to 3 seconds and said. Because its a pile of Shite!
Rita Ora was not in Love and Thunder was she?
If you want a really enjoyable Waititi work, try Free Guy!
Yeah but he killed it at Eden Park.
Oh that’s the directors girlfriend I was wondering why that talentless actor would be in anything
Welcome to M she U
What this was a good movie
Who still watches this shit? Stop giving them your money!!!
Melissa was kind of funny in spy, that movie was great
Imagine wasting an actor like Christian Bale in this movie
Seeing Melissa McCarthy crammed into those leggings and trying to be funny made me want to bleach my eyes and stick a drill in my ear.
This movie is also further validation that Hollywood doesn't value talented directors anymore, they value corporately safe and marketable directors.
Every movie that they give too much power to the director goes to shit, WW84, Thor L&T... They take the credit from all the other roles and give it to the director, then comes a sequel and they find out that Directors aren't writters, they can't do everything, that's why all the other positions exist.
I know they fired that turd who directed it, but.....who looked at this thing during filming and said "yeah,  let's roll with that"
For perspective my wife and I have little common ground when it comes to movies/shows. I'm a horror fan and watch little tv to begin with, she'll watch just about anything not horror, but being we owned a comic book store superhero material is something we always watch together, and thanks to that I've sat through some recent clunkers, but they weren't intolerable bad to me just "man, remember when this stuff was great" Cue up Love and Thunder last weekend after it landed on Disney and....half hour in I said, I"m sorry I can't. Godawful, it was a 6 year old's rambling story, a damn parody. I almost quit when Sif is dying on a battle field with her arm cut off and made a series of jokes about. My wife said hang in there-my wife has OCD she will finish anything she starts no matter how bad-but when Jane shows up and they go into the montage and he's in the hotdog suit? That was the end.  Here's the real kicker.....my wife came upstairs fifteen minutes later and said "I met my match, I can't watch that character be shown like that
Brilliant.
Come on.... WIth a title like that, you know it is going to be awful.
I think the theatre actors need their own Disney Plus show (might be fun), going full Mockumentary could be quite entertaining.
Uhh, what? I so enjoy the drinker’s commentaries on films that I would never see even if someone said they were good. Really, the only situation I can imagine watching any of these things is if I were in prison and it was the only choice on movie night. Still, I’d more likely go read a book.
I want the 4 hour version!!!!
Are we getting a Let's fix Love and Thunder
NEVER give one person complete and total creative control of a project. It sounds good on paper but it almost never ends well. The Starwars prequels and The Alien 'prequels' jump to mind as 2 of the best examples of giving someone too much power so that nobody can say "That sounds stupid" to the person running the show.
8:16 That was an actually thing? Holy crap, she might as well have come through that prop with a proton pack.
After feeling tired and jaded with the state of MCU and pretty much most of modern Western content, I've been returning to watching anime. Got to know Spy x Family is one of the biggest anime hit recently.  Watched a few episodes and I have never invested in a show since Ted Lasso (rare exception in a cesspool of modern Western shows). Spy x Family basically aced all three aspects the drinker mentioned when it comes to storytelling, apart from being hilarious, beautifully animated and moving at times. Didn't expect an anime can taught u life lessons via Spy x Family.  Meanwhile tuning back to MCU and well.....damn that sucks.
The same  thing happened to Mark Miller when they let him direct the spirit. There was no one around to reign him in so you got the same issues we have in this Thor movie, lots of creative ideas haphazardly strung about in an incoherent mess.
I didn't know he had help writing Ragnarok, but now it's obvious
I didn't mind Jane been "Thor" but it felt so forced and Gorr was definitely wasted as a villian.
That was a good take on this movie, and the obvious flaws in it. Tanks, Drinker!
Also in Ragnarok, Loki was the one that could provide the details of what transpired on the planet where he died for the play to be written. In Love and Thunder, no one was there when Odin died or knew who was there except for Thor, who has not returned to New Asgard and wouldn't retell this tale in such a whimsical way as it was one of the worst days in his entire life, which is thousands of years long. And Loki, Odin and Hela who are dead. Doctor Strange, who was not there, but could know that a meeting transpired, not what, would not consort with them either.
When Melissa McCarthy showed up in that scene I knew the whole bit was wasting my time.  Like, before I was holding out hope and there was going to be something.  Then she takes stage and my level of disappointment was immeasurable.  I have a standing rule, that as of yet hasn't failed me.  Any movie she's in sucks.
Drinker, you should check out "Emily the Criminal".  It's just a well crafted film and illustrates a lot of what you espouse on your channel.
Glad I found this channel
Personally I think the entire Thor line should've been way more dark right from the start with 0 humour
Movie looks like a parody.
Do a daredevil show review please
A Thor 5 you say?! Someone please make it end.
They’re making a Thor 5? That’s needed about as much as Home Alone 3 was.
Fact Check........True
Just make comedies mate and move on
This movie was such a hot mess that a friend of mine and I, who purposely tried to watch it just so we can shit all over it, shut it off after about 30 min. because it was so bad. The Marvel humor isn't fun any more, it's just idiotic.
I think Melissa is funny 😅
Pls no Thor 5... Its enough Marvel!
its true, joss whedon does blow goats, sexuallly
I'm so glad I didn't spend a dime nor a minute on that disaster of a movie.
Taika: I believe directors need to be in check. They should never have full control….   Yet you had fully control. And gave us shit!! Follow your own advice you piece of shit. 😶
Oh good. From the thumbnail, I thought u were gonna say Melissa McCarthy was in next Thor. I was gonna say, she is the nails on the coffin.
The money could have been given to a charity tbh. Ya know, feed starving kids, fund animal shelters, arm Ukraine etc. Instead we got a garbage acid trip
You need to do a video on House of the Dragon and The Sandman.
Sam Raimi should have been in the directors chair given the nature of Gorr
Old School Marvel <<  miss it Beta Ray Bill   YES .......  Jane Foster  No...........
I wish marvel would hire the drinker as a writer
As a Fan of Thor comics I’m tired of Thors Hammer being used by everyone BUT him
you can tell bale tried lol. he tried.  I also didn't hate Jane until the ending.. but thisbwast thors mocie
Speaking of cancer, I think this movie gave it to me.
I didn't think Love & Thunder was terrible, but it was definitely mediocre, and I blame that on two main flaws:  (1) It seemed like the writers (or just Taika?) couldn't let serious moments breathe. One of the best scenes in the movie is when Jane looks in the mirror as Mighty Thor, then drops the hammer and we see her sick and exhausted as just Jane... until suddenly Valkyrie shows up and they make a really dumb joke about a grenade being a speaker and playing Destiny's Child to end the scene. That forced joke destroyed what would have otherwise been a poignant moment; and that trend continued throughout the movie.  (2) As great a villain as Gorr was, his origin was so damn rushed. He's walking in the desert and then the gods just *happen* to manifest in front of him. Then they just *happen* to leave out the only sword that can kill them, and *tell him* that it can; and when Gorr gets angry, they just imitate Willy Wonka with a lame "no, wait, don't" while he picks up the Necrosword and murders them. Like... what? How the hell did these gods even survive as long as they did if they're that stupid? And the worst part is, if this was a result of cutting for time, they could easily have cut half the unnecessary jokes from issue #1 to make time for a better origin depiction.
I hope taika can learn to tone it down when it comes to injecting his style of humor into his movies because I think he’s a really good director, what stops him from being great is his lack of discipline. He’s got the humor part down pat, and there are some slivers in love and thunder that could’ve been great had they had more time to develop i.e. Bales portrayal of gorr and Jane learning to accept her inevitable fate. I think the big failure with love and thunder was Thors arc. He basically just retreads all his previous arcs and then they tack him with a kid at the end.
This is the first mcu I didn't see in theaters and it has almost destroyed my faith in the mcu ever returning to glory. I had such high hopes for this and they were shattered
This is what? I mean, MCU is filled with butthurt writters
In Taika's defense he has done an amazing Job here in New Zealand telling me how Racist I am.
What is a current movie that you actually like?
Women ruin everything they see Men having fun with.
The only thing this movie did for me was make me realise how good of a joker Christian bale would be, and how him playing Gorr was essentially just playing a joker style character. Well done marvel, you made me think of DC movies that would be infinitely better than this pile of garbage
Youve been jerking off how bad thor is since july.. its almost october get over it
I honestly loved it, but I was drunk.
Well said.
There are scenes in that movie that are solid, but then they are dragged down by entirely too many shallow comedic filler scenes. That's the real tragedy here. Those scenes show the potential
It's a shitty movie that you can't take seriously. They totally wasted Gorr. Taika is such a big douche.
This is the 1st Marvel film that I skipped, and I've a feeling it won't be the last.
It sucked because Disney got involved.
I'm just hoping God of War doesn't muck things up with Ragnarok so I can get a rough, unyielding Thor back because good God Thor's be shite post-Infinity War.
Asgard is awfully diverse.
i did facepalm when Russel Crowe did the Godfather accent...
The thumb nail 😂
Unwatchable 🙈 The new Lord of the rings was also unwatchable.
I thought it was funny
Once I saw a preview of Jane being some supergirl I decided to let this series die and never watched it.
Check ,,in the heart of the machine,, pls
As of yet, I haven't seen Thor Love And Thunder. The first three films were enjoyable for me. I have heard nothing but bad things about Love And Thunder. As a rule, I try to judge a film on its own merits when I watch it. However, the fact that Melissa McCarthy appears in a scene doesn't help. For that reason alone, I do not want to watch the movie. So, well done, Taika Waititi.
Ragnorok was a genuine breath of fresh air. Sad how it's now just the same as all the other muck.
There's a difference between creativity and inventiveness.
This movie was still 1000 times better than Doctor Strange 2
Mcu sucks Thor and chris deserved better
Do you know why they stopped making Mel Brooks films? People got tired of it and Mel got stale. Love the guy, but he was a one trick pony, and we'd already seen that trick. Taika will be remembered the same way IMO. Brilliant, creative, but of his time. A goofy funny Thor was refreshing and new.....ONCE! Deadpool carries more pathos and drama than Thor does now! Again, I like Taika, Jo Jo Rabbit was brilliant! But again, it's a trick we've seen already. Directors like Spielberg understand "underdog hero" may be old, but it ALWAYS touches people. Airplane 6 would not!
I liked Love and Thunder, it was a nice time. Well below what Marvel can do. Especially Atheist Bale, it looks like he's from a totally different movie.
I'm just glad Melissa McCarthy can't get a more major role in the future
1:10 you sound like a teacher giving a lecture lol
I see that you still haven't forgiven Sam Neill for Jurassic World Dominion.
When Taika Waititi and Natalie Portman said Thor: Love and Thunder was going to be super gay, I thought they were joking.  Dang, I was wrong.    Movie had so much potential like its predecessor with the talent (Bale deserves a nomination for his role) and beautiful cinematography, but was destroyed with an unneeded agenda.  Jane Foster's character deserved a better send-off.
I thought there were some funny parts.  The thespians were funny. "Should we get started on the play" 🤣
The Dark World is still the worst Thor entry
So in the play, Hela is played by a 600 pound hog?
It's funny how Wonder Woman 1984 and Thor Love and Thunder were both written by their directors after directing 2 successful films that were written by other people.
As a young filmmaker. Your anlasysis is on point! Todays major blockbuster films seems to be directed by immature- unprofessional filmmakers.
The only thing funny about Melissa McCarthy is her desperate attempt to be funny.
This was such a disappointment for me. I really don't know why, but Thor Ragnarok is one of my favorite MCU movies (with all its flaws), so I was waiting for this one. It was a massive let down.
Thor Love and Thunder, the vast majority of the movie felt like it was written for a Spy Kids audience (kíds). Which would be ok I guess but usually in kíd movies they add things for the adults to enjoy. This just felt like it was written by a kíd for kíds.
Good job I didn't watch it I could just tell by the trailer it's only going 2 be stupid I just watch the clips on u tube
What’s really annoying to me is that. Taika literally warned us in 2019 to expect disappointment from him. And he will ruin a lot of material. Recently he told the fans he refuses to read more comic book material because he believes he can do a better job compared to the actual creators! This guy to me sounds like a piece of trash.. He told us he would ruined it and he did acknowledged that he refuses to do his research. Then makes fun of the actual effects from the movie?? He’s literally making fun of his coworkers working hard to make the movie look at least good…… if you ask me this guy is nothing but disappointment of life!!  Taika has no right at all to get in the face of fans criticizing his own film when he actually told us he was going to ruin it and be disappointed in him!! Bruh WTF?! 🤨  He told us to be disappointed in his work. And that’s exactly what the fans did we followed his instructions. And we criticized something he told us he was going to Ruined! Yet he wants to get in our faces about it?!  🫤
Thor L&T was boring i didnt even finish it.
Taika's actions make me feel like he was so sure of himself that he thought whatever he does it's gonna be a hit.
Can the world just fall out of love with Taika Waititi now? The man is a limited, one dimensional hack who’s not even as funny as he thinks he is.  I’m tired of Hollywood treating him like he’s the second coming of Jesus. It’s cringe inducing. This movie has ended Thor for me. And to think I was so excited for his character when the Russos handled him so expertly in Infinity War.
They did not make use of Christian Bale's talent in this movie. Disappointing!
I just simply hate MCU now a days. Such arrogant insult to the intellect of fans deserves hatred.
Absolutely spot on with your critical analysis of this film. I admit that the trailer looked so I was really looking forward to seeing this film, then I did and was so disappointed, I did not find anything funny and only liked 1 thing, the way the hammer breaks into pieces and comes back
idk man, i just didnt like all the wokebullshit. and that they made Thor and male characters fucking retarded compared to the women.
I tried to watch this last night....poor Christian bale. I loved him in this disaster
I'm Not a Taika Waititi fan, he was very distracting in Free Guy, unlikable but not for the reasons they wanted him to be. I did like Ragnarok I felt the more light hearted take was need after the first two, and though I don't think Taika is funny, he's still funnier that Melissa McCarthy. She was so good as Sookie, I just don't know what happened to her. Taika needs to watch this channel and possibly "Like Stories of Old"
Damned if you aren't educational.
I wonder if that was due to studio meddling?
This narrator dude sounds like the voice of Carrington from Perfect Dark lol
What happened with Thor Ragnarok's success was it gave the studio to much trust in Taika  Waititi. I guess Marvel Studios and Disney didn't notice the exact same thing that happened at DC and Patty Jenkins. Jenkins had a major success with the first Wonder Woman film and the Studio trusted her to do it again with Wonder Woman 1984, and we all know the turd that film was. Another major problem is Taika Waititi and Patty Jenkins are major supporters of  THE MESSAGE and boy did it show. Thor being obsessed with his love and counting the days literally and Jane doesn't even seem to care because she is a strong woman who doesn't have time to set around and think about Thor. She is a super smart scientist who was probably out in the clubs to pick out what guys she will be taking home that night for the train with no holes barred. Yas queen. But seeing a 90lb Jane out Thor the actual Thor just ruined the film for me. These woke directors prove over and over again that anything woke turns to shit.
If anything, it demeans the death of one of the key characters
Would have actually been moving if Korg sacrficiced himself, or was straight up taken out, given the others something to fight for, with STAKES! But I’m also intrigued about seeing scenes that were already too long, longer! Plus more of them… 🙌  #GiveUsTheWaititiCut!
Hey! Melissa McCarthy was good in Gilmore Girls.
I just realized that Sam Neill was in Ragnarok
Drinker could have saved his viewers ten-minutes fifty-seconds by simply saying, "Cut the theatre scene and you might have an okay movie"🙄
Once they paraded out Melissa McCarthy as Hela I knew it was over for this movie, she is just gross
How come Asgard is so diverse and Wakanda isn't. Both were exposed to the world at large, are we to suspect Wakanda became a tacky tourist destination or is it going to be placed on a pedestal again?
Am I the only one who liked The Dark World and didn't like Ragnarok? Why did Thor have to become a comedy?
In this day and age of shill reviews, we need honest reviewers like Critical Drinker.  This comment is definitely getting lost in oblivion, but hopefully it contributes to the algorithm and keywords.
What If?...this phase 4 is meant to be this bad,just to connect to phase 5(as an bad alternate universe that will get fixed inside phase 5,as a better universe),multiverse theory.
They meant for it to be a movie about cancer, but instead it's just a cancer movie.  *Sidenote: When I first saw the thumbnail, I thought: "Damn, either the Drinker or someone else did a really good job photoshopping Melissa McCartney's face onto Hela!  Lol, god......can you even imagine them actually putting someone grossly fat, untalented, and unfunny in that role as a bad joke?  Whoever made this image has a good sense of humor 😄."..........man, I was FLOORED when you revealed that Disney had ACTUALLY tried to do that as a bad joke 😂😂.  I was like, "omg, REALLY?  They actually sank as low as even PARODY portraying them at their worst?? 🤣"  I honestly thought the image was just a comical jab at just how dumb Disney could be in an extreme worst-case scenario.....turns out we're actually living that scenario 😅.
Best part of the movie was Melissa McCarthy as Hela.
I still can't believe how they managed to screw up the movie so badly. They had a great cast, and the potential to create a great story with a strong villain, but the whole thing is a complete joke, and one of the worst Marvel movies ever made.
I think this is also an example of what happens when you don't exercise self-imposed restraint during the creative process.   Simply put, while creating art, the artist is certainly allowed to become overly ambitious and self-indulgent to a certain degree, but even s/he needs to know where and how not to cross the line at certain points, especially when taking factors into account like the eager collaboration of cast and crew needed to make it work, budgetary and time constraints, etc. When creating something all your own, you need to test your limits without going overboard, otherwise you end up doing a disservice to your own project. I'm not saying you should compromise your own vision to pander to those who lack perception of what the art piece could and SHOULD be - and certainly DON'T pander to the lowest common denominator and ESPECIALLY out of monetary gains or playing it safe - but there's a certain way to make it work and you need to strike a proper balance in order to make it work that way exactly.
Black Nordics but no Nordics who are Wakandans.
I really wanted to like this movie, but I couldn’t.
they are in denial that their world has ended
Drinker, this is what is really disappointing me also. I don't consider myself on any level as a professional writer. Yet I find it insulting when they continue to release movies and tv series' that have very little effort and waist untold millions. Yet there are fans out there of these IP's that work VERY hard to write fun readings for other fans or put together a Fan made show or Movie online that is like 1000x better than what we are getting. It is very frustrating. You are letting Tyco off way too much! I found this attempt by him VERY lazy. Like well I've already spent the check so why should I try?
I admit it's not as good as Ragnarok but as someone who didn't mind it, the hate this film has received is unbelievable!
Thor L and t was fubar. What a piece of trash. I asked for my money back .  And went to see maverick for the 2nd time.  I would have watched a harlequin  movie than the projectile  vomit that was the L and T.
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️.
Thor: L&T is the Austin Powers 2 of the franchise. Austin Powers was great for what it was, and had a lot of funny jokes. It also had heart. The sequel was Mike Myers rehashing a lot of the same stuff, but in a way that was a sort of "nod and wink" kind of approach. "Really guys, this is funny stuff!" Only it wasn't. L&T is the result of Taika Waititi being high on his own supply, and as you stated, not having anyone to help reign him in at all. Instead, it's a mess of lame jokes, unfunny bits, and good action sequences. I appreciated them trying to tie up the Thor and Jane storyline, and to an extent they accomplished that, but it should have been done in a much better movie. Christian Bale transcended the script a bit, and at least gave a good performance. But it just didn't work, and I found myself leaving the theater totally unfulfilled. Ragnarok wasn't perfect, but it was a far better film, and at least had the good sense to know when it needed that push/pull between the humor and a more serious tone. This movie felt like it was written by a 12 year old who can't get enough fart jokes.
Waititi's story is an old one in Hollywood. Take a talented director who has experienced some success and then give him a blank check and unrestrained power over a would-be blockbuster and watch as his hubris results in a dumpster fire. Those of a certain age will remember Michael Cimino, who made two big critical and commercial hits, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot and The Deer Hunter, and was given a huge (for the day) budget and total creative control over his next film- and came up with Heaven's Gate, one of the biggest bombs in Hollywood history.
Nah, Melssia McCarthy was never funny to begin with. That's why all of her movies tanked.
Taika Cohen found plenty of focus for his personal projects. Clearly, he has no respect for peoples' cultures or properties.
Phase 4: Low Impact
Mainstream media is garbage 🗑
You know what else sucked? Your thumbnail.
Taika was simply himself in that "Free Guy" movie with Reynolds.
I think the only movie Melissa McCarthy was slightly funny in was identity theft where she kept throat punching everybody
Even though this movie is a bit of a guilty pleasure, I love watching videos of people tearing it apart! The Drinker is great!
i found it sad that they tried to make it a funny movie with cheap tricks and cheap laughs...and then they included a very serious villain Gore the Godbutcher, which Christian Bale knocked out of the park...to only have it shat on by shitty comedy. Ragnorok this worked because the villain was funny, every scene was a goofy and fun the entire time...sadly not a movie i'm in any rush to go out and buy the blu-ray and hopefully will remain on disney plus for future generations to watch if they're so inclined.
This movie was terrible! The whole 1st half, I thought I was watching a highschool play. The acting was awful, like they weren't even trying. It's a shame because Christian Bale was doing a fantastic job as always and carried this film, but the rest was just so bad. This movie tried so hard to be Thor Ragnarok again, that they went over the top, tried way too hard to be funny, and tried too hard to recreate the magic again, that we were left with garbage. Its like Anchorman, 1st was great, 2nd was terrible because they tried too hard to top the previous or recreate it again.  I loved Thor Ragnarok, I absolutely hated this movie. Such a waste of Christian Bales performance. Hemsworth doesnt even try anymore. Then toss in another same exact superhero but now female, just so over it. Same with She Hulk, then female hawk eye, im sure next will be iron woman. Such laziness, there is hundreds of great female superheroes they can bring in, but rather make the samething again, because its safe, they already have the blueprint, and easily marketable for little girls. Because now your favorite avenger is a girl, like you. Just such a waste of potential. We had over 10 yrs of those characters, move on, let em go, stop just making them the opposite sex and acting like you did something amazing. its boring, and why I wont watch any of it.
You had to make an eleven minute video to explain why Love and Thunder was shit?  The shit on the screen wasn't enough?
Spot on Drinker! When I watched it I could feel it was cheap and lazy, trying to go for a cheap laugh, but never realised why the scene from Thor3 was so good in the first place... That's why I'm so bored with Marvel atm, nothing I watch these days gives me any kind of satisfaction and it all just feels like a waste of time
Absolutely love this video. This is exactly the scene where I turned the film off and never returned
I just watched it. I liked It a lot. Chris Hemsworth still funny as hell. Christian bale did a really great job as god killer. Zeus cracked me up by Russell crow. Was over 2 hours like most Thor’s and I was entertained and it had a good ending. I wish I saw more avengers, but they got a new movie coming 2023.
6:57 what th is even that!!!! Is she running to battle with a child attached to her. Aaaahhhhhh🐂
You have to appreciate Anthony Hopkins' acting skills for that Ragnarok scene
Hard to fit in a good plot when 95% of the film is that same slow motion arcing jump shot from the end of ragnarok in various different settings
Ragnarok was the most tacky, gaudy, childishly-humored Marvel movie I'd ever seen up to that point; they effectively destroyed a once-great drama.  If Love & Thunder is even worse than that, I won't even give it a try. But for goodness sake, lets not pretend Ragnarok was good writing.
They made a joke of Jane Foster and the Jane / Thor love story
When thinking back on the movie, I realize I had forgotten this scene existed until you reminded me of it with this video. I watched the movie last night, and this scene is just that pointless.
Yip I watched this Thor movie a few days ago and I thought it was shit. Shit comedy, shit script and by far the worst of all the Thor movie franchise. I was disappointed and it's an hour and a half of my life I wasted and never get back. Fuck you Thor.
Kids and wife wanted to watch it. So, they got it off Disney+. Knowing how bad it was, I had to bit my tongue the whole time. More horrible MSheU
The crazy thing about this movie is that only one scene in the entire movie serves any real forward moving plot. (Spoilers here) When Thor threw the thunderbolt through Zeus, that opened the sewage-way for the next Thor movie since Zeus (clearly not dead) is pissed and wants to straight up kill Thor. If that one scene was removed from the movie, the ending could just be the end of the Thor series, there is no real plot progression past defeating the God Slayer.
I LIKED IT, ITS GOOD. WE DISAGREE And IM STLL SUBBED
That "scene" felt like it brought the entire movie to a complete "stop". A professor in architecture school scolded a student, "You can make people move forward by painting a great big arrow on the wall.  Or, you can use the subtleties of design and have people move forward without their even being aware that they are being directed."
They suggested Zeus could be killed easily by Thor. That's like saying Thor could kill Jesus Christ.
Do I feel ashamed for actually enjoying this film….yes  yes I do
It’s not Dark World terrible but yeah pretty much sucked
Ya but Taika is wearing a shirt with Luffy’s wanted poster on it so he’s alright in my book
Speaking of sacrificing continuity to score woke points: How about how Korg references his "mum and her boyfriend, who i hate" in Ragnarok and then in Love and Thunder all of a sudden has 2 "dads?" X-D
Idk how you always manage to do it on a subjective medium, but somehow every word you say always ends up being more accurate than an exact science.
Tikka can’t make a action or superhero movie
Should he retitled this movie as "Thor: Thud and Blunder" (borrowing the title from Poul Anderson's essay "On Thud and Blunder" that criticized  ham-handed writing of Historical Fantasy back in the 1980s)?
I agree with this.. next up, anxiety about how avatar 2 will turn out..
Well, given that Ragnarok was a giant shit on the entire Thor franchise, and also on itself, I don’t really think that theater scene works out like that on purpose.  I think it’s a scene made to be a stupid laugh, and you are reading things into it that don’t exist.
Taika thinks he's a modern Mel Brooks. He is not. He is the joke.
The last statement you made underscores the issue with Hollywood and remakes. It sounds like, because he had little to no oversight, it exposed the fact that whatever made the previous movie great, he did not understand. The ideas and themes did not solely come from him. It came from a collective that was able to properly weigh in, cut out, and make the ideas work. Like you said, its not that he isn't a good director, or that he isn't creative. He's good by himself, he's better when he's combined with others. He's like a good Old Fashion - you can make it without bitters, but it's better with them.
I saw the Theatre Scene as a short Recap, when watching the movie. Nothing more or less.
Then go produce your own aaargh
Too bad I really like early Waititi movies. Really great" hunt for the wilderpeople"
Pay attention, kids. This is what authentic "punching up" looks like. 👍
It's a shame.. TLAT had some of the best jokes MCU has seen. Unfortunately for every good joke we had like 5 terrible ones...
If you're a MCU fanboy and can't handle any criticism of the franchise...use me as a public dislike button.
Christian Bale is doing Hamlet. The rest of the cast are doing TikTok videos.
I don't get why they don't made Thor 4 and Guardians a Crossover/Twoparter, making Gorr the main villain for two movie.
So people are so brain dead now the pay for this shit, or else the industry  wouldn't vomit this trash,
Love and Thunder is a Theater production played by the Helmsworth family with Hollywood special FX
I disliked Thor love and thunder for the reason that there was way too many children for me in that movie
I thought I was going to hate Thor Love and Thunder. But honestly I effing loved it! It was actually really funny and just a good time. If I was writing it I absolutely would of changed a lot of stuff around lol But still it was a really fun adventure. I do agree 100% about this particular scene, it was pretty bad...
100% correct!!!
I'm tied of every Marvel product now lacking importance, seriousness, and genuinely well-written story.  Every show/movie released now is a collection of cheap platitudes, cheap laughs, cheap politics, or cheap virtue signalling--and they all suck.
Spy was a somewhat funny movie with Melissa McCarthy...
They turned Thor into a comedy sketch, disappointing as he needs some serious and darker moments, a real let down.for a guy who lost so much and ended up with his foes daughter is a joke.
Pointless clip
this movie had a bigger budget than Avatar in 2009 dollars
dude you should conglomerate all of these comparison vids, and the drinker fixes into a literature course. just an idea.
I disagree that movie suck but is just bad writing with a lot jokes, because I like the plot of story just they can balance the villains and heroes which is Gorr’s motive to kill all god, instead he kidnapped children to lure trap for heroes and I like Mighty Thor and Thor relationship, unfortunate that too much jokes to make Jane not good choices to have Mjolnir and should care characters
I watched it last night. I knew the movie was gonna be terrible within the first 10 minutes. First of all, it looked like it was made by a gen z teenager, for gen z kids. The whole movie was disjointed. I don't think I've ever seen a movie where the deleted scenes were plainly obvious. It's like they just used the first draft of the script, and then cut bunch of stuff out afterwards. Also, holy cow did the movie look like it was shot entirely in front a green screen. There was barely any natural looking scene, everything looked so green screeny. The movie was another forced teenage level joke comedy from marvel, and it's a pattern now. Lastly, what a waste of opportunity to use Natalie Portman's talent. It's clear she phoned in her acting because she didn't seem interested in the script at all. Last 6 MCU movies and shows have been some of the worst filmmaking in cinema history. Blind MCU fanboys still buy into it though lol.
I swear I couldn’t believe my eyes and the emptiness I felt watching Thor 4.   A shit show for sure
Lot of cringe moments in there to. Like when Thor is with the Guardian's of The Galaxy.
this is the second time i've brought this up but you should check out what i think is taika waititi's best movie, Boy
I might get dislikes like crazy but right after the dilm ended my dad and i looked at each other and were both surprised bc we both thought they turned the movie around i‘d give it a 6/10 some things it did good some catastrophicly bad
At the same level of she hulk. They realy want to end marvel. Were is "quality control" in marvel?
Oh great, Taika is a One Piece fan (censoring a much better IP from BTS footage... Insecure much, Marvel Studios?)... And he cares very little about character development and world building... Ironic.
As a kid I grew up with Walt Simonson's telling of Ragnarok (Thor 337+ not his recent Ragnarok work).  That story was a blend of Excalibur/LOTR/James Bond. The "humor", however, in these movies only advances 'THE MESSAGE" that white man can't jump.  Thor is supposed to be a norse demi god and these tales are like the three stooges + fart jokes.  Had they chosen Simonson's AWESOME story arc outside of the Thanos/Captain Marvel/iron man drek - they'd have a superior stand alone franchise (with Beta Ray Bill!) not unlike the success of Deadpool -- or the Joker -- or Wolverine.  Shameful
Ragnarok was the beginning of this down hill slide the mcu is on…
It's a trope at this point.  The figurehead of a successful project gets the reigns of another and fails spectacularly.    Don't forget the team.
So how do I purchase Critical Drinker’s complete creative writing class?
Jojo Rabbit was a masterpiece, is all I gotta say about the director.
Taika was incredible with indy movies. But once he went Hollywood he bought into his own hype and lost the edge. I refuse to watch Hollywood movies anymore. Hollywood is a vampire sucking the life out of real creation. Support independent films, the great stories you are thirsty for are being told at local film festivals. The films are not always great, but they always have HEART. PS I want a Thor film that looks and feels like The Northman....
I can’t decide what’s worse this or She Hulk because with She Hulk it’s so bad I can make fun of it with my family, but with this it’s so bad my whole family looked like they wanted to die while watching it.
I loved Thor Ragnarok. Have watched it with the kids a couple dozen times. We couldn't get enough of it. We didn't even make it 45 minutes into L&T before the kids bounced and I started scrolling my phone. Unreal it could fall that far with us within one movie.
ya
meh, i still liked the movie a lot...hit my type of humour despite its weaknesses.
So, about this theatre production scene in Love and Thunder... who told them what happened? And when? Loki dies, Thor is a giant mope who wants to avoid anything from his old life before leaving for space, and Odin is dead.
It's funny directors usually Don't turn to shite until they're in their 50s
Cheap comedy. When you Bale and a  bad movie director that's what you get. It's almost worst than the cheasy italian comedies of the 70 and 80 of XX
Asgardians are all super soldiers. Tough skin bullet proof. Strong able to smash thought walls. Faster than normal people and they are begging for money? They are freaking VIKINGS! They are warriors and magic users who don’t need money or mortals intruding their homes. The warriors three were not gods but regular Asgard warriors and they were destroying giants and trolls with swords and mace. They forgot what Asgard people were.
When was tikawika funny ? He was in Green Lantern for gods sake ?!
Feels super accurate. Well analyzed.
Looks like Valhall has been given the K.a.l.e r.g.i. Plan treatment.
Ragnarok is one of my favorite MCU movies, but I think it should have represented the pinnacle of the comedic side of Thor, and the following movie should have steered the character back to being the hero he is.
Because how many stupid marvel movies do they need to make?  I rememebr when X Men first came out, and it was amazing, because it was the first super hero movie with Multiple heroes and villains that could use CGI  without looking like a Dire Straights video.  Then every single movie that came out was another in the line of some marvel comic book.  I n mean when the last 10 new movies to be released is a marvel movie.  Then maybe it's time to take a break.  Not to mention that some of them were so ridiculously overhyped.  Give it a rest already.   You ever heard of, too much of a good thing?   Yeah well those movies stopped being a good thing a long time ago.  Now they're too much garbage.
I mean its not bad but it has some bad taste
Sooo many bots in the comments it's very annoying.
While I don't agree with everything in this video, and I like Thor Love and Thunder ok, it is far below par of the other Thor movies let alone other marvel movies.  I'm just glad I have a wide pallette for movies so when one marvel movie shuts the bed, there are 4 indie-ish movies or movies like The Northman that are way better.
IMDB says Taika Waititi is the director as well as one of the writers of Akira. i already hate it.
Taika Waititi seems exactly like his character Antwan from Free Guy.
I think like the romans when they had a triumph for a general they had a servant whispering in the general's ear telling him that he's only human and only one step away from fucking up marvel should do the same have someone whispering in the ear of the director telling them yes the last one was good but you're only one step away from fucking up might introduce a bit of rigour to the proceeding come to think of it there's a few directors who should have this done to them instead of letting them run off and play like three year olds by a motorway sooner or later it's going to get messy
I saw it and was, just, really sad about it. There were some really interesting ideas here and it could have been great. The seeds are there. But they were executed by a man who absolutely could not handle it that way. Even Jane Foster wasn't bad until the girl power moment she had with Gor at the end! Which was surprising to me.  Just a sad missed opportunity.
Great break down.
Welp i guess they did make an accurate portrayal of Taika in free guy
Taika Waititi was born to make a Melissa McCarthy movie.
This vid does a good job of covering HOW the movie sucks and how much it sucks,  but I wanted to know WHY it sucks.  Is the title click bait? Did I miss something? Why is this movie so awful? Do the filmmakers just hate us?
Fuck no! Is that Melissa Mccarthy?! That woman is the embodiment of everything categorically un-funny! She's a veritable fun-vacuum! Who the hell thought it would be a good idea to give her screentime in a Marvel movie, even though it's supposed to be a funny cameo? I was pretty much on the fence to watch this one already, but fuck that, I sure as hell won't now!  Edit: OK, now that I've actually watched the entire video, I should have expected you would come to that conclusion as well...
Another thing about the scene in Thor: Love and Thunder: This Scene is worthwhile, if you consider, that it introduces us (at least in this film) to how fallen warriors pass on to Valhalla (the gold sprinkles). There is payback for paying attention, because this way you know for sure, that Jane eventually also gets send there.. At least it would‘ve, if they treated their audience with intelligence and did not put in the after credit scene, that tells us she did anyway..
"Was Mellisa Mcarthy ever funny in anything?"  Well, she was funny in God's Favorite Idiot.
Love and thunder. Sounds like gynocentric garbage to me. I'll think I'll pass.
This movie is the primest example of "Stupid"
Ragnarok was far worse. I despise Ragnarok and taika but love and thunder didnt bother me as much. I guess i just went into love and thunder expecting alot worse and only got pretty shitty instead
Looks like shite.
There’s an endless torrent of film diarrhoea, plenty for you cultural commentators to snidely trash for our amusement
Not how Disney treats Norse mythology. How Disney treats literally anything they get. They bring it to its lowest common denominator to make it as “appealing“ to the broadest possible audience. While sacrificing as much as they can to make it as palatable as possible.   Note: not a comment on any recent developments. All of their “classic stories” are so bastardized from the source material that they can do what they want with their fan fic.
Some people who might come across one or two of your other reviews, could think you're a fcking racist incel who hates everything that isn't straight white. I pitty them, cuz little they know you're one of the most brilliant to ever review a movie. Absolutely love your work ❤️
All play and no work make Taika a dull boy
I will say the goats did win me over.
I'd never understand why directors have a good movie with the help of the writers and then think ¨I bet I could write this myself¨
Only 1 note: Loki wasn't a dumb narcis befor Ragnarok.
Also in the love and thunder version how did the playwrights know the details of the events such as the clothes they were wearing almost like they'd seen the previous movie
I find ofensive Taika using StrawHat t shirt from One Piece, One Piece have a excelent writing and world building, things Taika dont have
0:20 some of the worst CGI  Omg how do you say ok to that 🤣
I think McCarthy was sorta funny during her SNL days but I've never once found any of her movies funny. Her entire schtick is that she's obese and loud as far as I can tell. That's pretty much it.
After this is there actually going to be a Thor 5
Still haven't watched that movie. Sometimes I feel like I want to watch it, but then I see scenes from the movie and realize that what I really want is to watch another good Thor movie...which isn't this one.
loki took the tessearact in ragnarok
I think everyone is missing the point. Disney let a director have more creative control and it bombed. Disney can now point to it (like the last star wars trilogy) that studio execs can again exert strict controls over directors. When movies suck, i think there's a lot of fights over power dynamics happening in the background
Is it just me or does the critical drinker sound a little more critical and less drinker in this video if you know what I mean?
Can't believe they wasted Gorr and Christian Bale.
I saw the first twenty minutes of this.  I agree that it felt hyperactive. The jokes were coming in so fast that the previous one handed landed and you were trying to understand it while the new one was already said. .  Really rushed direction..
I dont know Drinker, I liked the scene.
Critical drinler saviour of time and our energy
After watching that scene in Love and Thunder along with the plethora of aspects in New Asgard selling out as a tourist location, they have made it clear that the MCU is a parody of itself now.
"Why Thor Love and Thunder sucked" "This movie was a disastrous addition to the MCU"  me : "Hey, google, what Thor movie made the most money? " Thor Love and Thunder Which was panned most by critics? Thor 2 The Dark world  So why is this Youtube reviewer saying it's the worst, and a terrible thing that ruins the MCU  Thor Love and Thunder has a strong female character, and he's an incel.  Thanks google.
Anybody ever heard of the art of stopping? Sometimes its better to stop. Wait and mature a bit, then maybe, MAYBE, do something similar or completely different. There are many movies i will never watch because its nothing more than a waste of time. This video is interesting because it has my taste.
Wow. I have not watched Thor 4. And never will. I did not now they tried to recreate the play scene from the previous movie. With Melissa McCarthy in it no less. Wow just wow.
i CANNOT BELIEVE they got Bale to participate in this shitshow.
all superhero movies are worthless
Agreed. However, wasn't Melissa McCarthy funny in The Hangover 3? Just saying. I nonetheless disagree with everything else expressed in this vid.
I wasn't going to see it but my brother wanted to go for his birthday.   We were both laughing at the awfulness of it. Too many thing to list. Worst mcu movie by far
I think in all MCU the real life person I can’t stand the most is Taika Waititi. That’s some tough competition he’s dealing with too
Your scene comparison of Ghostbusters is one of my favorite videos, so I was super excited to see this. Well done, Drinker!
The whole movies pointless, plus i didn't laugh once.
Watched 23 mins until I walked away. Goats were the best part besides the Christian Bales character beginning.
About tourist spot Asgard, didn't Thor stand off against cap 'merica or Nick Fury in the comics to defend its independence and survival with it being something dramatic rather than a bad comedy skit?
hate train
Every single story point was used as a punchline which just made the one attempt of seriousness an incoherent mess.
Damn talk about making you wait for the best part, enjoyable video as always but when you said he wasn't called back for Thor 5 made my day
Completely unrelated to this video, but, the movie could've been so much better and they had some of the right material already shot  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzgNCRN9hlI
To quote American Dad, she's funny because she's fat.
I think he was having FREE GUY's hangover while shooting L&T.
Malissa McCarthy is the best comedian in all of human history. She was in that car commercial where a whale punts her into a boat hull.   Wait… she did more then that one commercial? Oh, it’s all bad? Hmmmm…. never mind then.
Just curious, what took you so long to review this piece of shit of a movie?
It sucked because it's woke bullshit all that fruits Flakes and fairies
This was the First Marvel Movie i stopped watching 30 minutes in unbearable at its best..
I haven't seen a single marvel movie since the original iron man, and my life is wonderful for it
From my own experience I can say this film is IMMENSELY enjoyable on 2 hits of acid....which ibthibk may have been Taika's target demographic
What the hell? I haven’t seen these dumbass movies but this actually happens in them?  They go around putting on plays?  Do they think ancient Norse mythology has something to do with Ancient Greece?  Putting on plays by Sophocles and whatnot?
Such a poor film, glad i never paid to watch it at the cinema. Poor script, too many cheap weakass one liner jokes every 2 mins. Couldnt take it serious even Natalie Portman in a thor outfit was more ridiculous. Waste of money
At that scene from L&T saved us from a future in which McCarthy plays the role of one the important characters in MCU
This scene reminds me of the bit in Ant Man 1 and 2 with Michael Peña. It works both times because it’s within the context of the scene and is setup without being forced.
The could literally make a grand thor movie with Zeus as the main villain. And cut out 40-50% of the comedy. That film would be awesome. For God's sake, I want to actually care about what I'm watching, but it's hard to do that when the characters aren't taking it seriously.
I really liked "Boy" this was a hard L to swallow for one of my favorite directors
It seems only aussies and kiwis think this show is awesome :) usually I agree with the drinker, but today? yeah nah lol
It sucked because Taika Waititi is obsessed with overt gay tropes.
Thank you drinker I was not able to properly articulate why this movie sucks to my wife. Now I can relate her to this video.
In a parallel universe, the latest Thor movie is a gritty, grim, rated-R film with a very dark and serious tone, called "Thor: Blood and Thunder".
This is perfectly timed I just watched the movie yesterday
Amazing as usual, sir. Bravo
One of the cut scenes has a great serious moment with Zeus teaching Thor to use thunderbolt... It would have been a great student-teacher arc, instead of the ridiculous joke they made everything.
Absolutely taika waititi is a hipster director the fact he unleashed a idiotic version of hitler is a testamont to the fact that children control his brain
Modern superhero movie writers could take a lesson from TV series writers of the 70's, particularly the one hour detective shows.
When the drinker start out the video with explaining something as basic as scenes you know whatever he's reviewing fucked up
You know who should've been in this movie beta Ray Bill the owner of the stormbreaker hammer. I wish that thors movies were accurate to the noise mythology but they never were.
It was the first marvel movie I literally fell asleep during and had to carry it on a different day
People just like saying "Taika Waititi."  His career is coasting on that.  Seriously.  Watch any live discussion of his films.  At the mere mention of his name all present will grin idiotically, like babies who need to burp.
Why Thor Love and Thunder Sucked: Melissa McCarthy is in it.
Where can we buy his books?
Still haven't seen this movie.. still gathering up my strength
Just because you can say "Action" and "Cut" doesn't mean you can write what comes in-between.
I think the scene works pretty well if, as you said, they hadn't already shown the state of New Asgard with Valkyrie. So if they had cut those part and kept this in it would be more important as it reminds the audience of what happened to Mjölnir and that New Asgard is a tourist attraction, leaving more time to flesh out Gorr, Thor and the rest of the cast/write a plot that explores the premise of gods and their relationship with mortals more.
Damn he's fucking Rita ora and Tessa T. Goddamn
Melissa McCarthy is really funny, just not on movies, unless the movie has good writers, like Bridesmaids. She's good at skits, improvisational comedy and physical comedy. Hollywood is just a bad place for a comedian to be in right now
Please, for the love of alcohol, do a review of Collateral.
So you're telling me Taika Waititi went full Antwan 🤣 that tracks
LOL -  I loved it and thought it was a hilarious movie.  From Matt Damon and Melissa McCarthy making cameos as community theater actors to Thor jumping on Stormbraker as if he was flying a witch's broom.   Probably one of my favorite Thor movies.
Same reason Little Mermaid will suck. Woke and Melissa McCarthy.
And they got the same dude to direct a Star Wars movie. Good luck Jack a******es!!!!
Melissa McCarthy turning up was funnier than any joke they were trying for. But then we were laughing at the film, not with it
MCU is quickly becoming "Memba The time"
I learn so much from the Drinker's analysis...I wonder...If I play the video while drunk?🤔🤔😁😁
Let's hope it never happens again.
I'll never get over how this movie treats a disease like cancer like a software download.  "DONT pick up the hammer.. you're cancer is at 99%.  One more hammer pick up and you instantly die.  BUT, if you don't pick it up, you'll certainly beat it... even though you weren't beating it without the hammer. In fact, you were dying anyway."
Really enjoyed Ragnarok. Love and thunder seemed to try too hard.
Gorr the God Butcherer is one of the best Thor comic series of all time. This director had gold in his has and treated it like silly puddy. Go away now!
This breakdown makes me realize that this scene could have worked with a little of that discipline thing. Because the scene wouldn't check as many boxes, serving largely as both a plot reminder and a callback to the previous film, it could have had its presence justified with...efficient run time. How? Have Natalie Portman's hooded character walk up in disguise and see the Thor and Loki and Odin actors beginning Odin's death scene...just a moment. Then have Portman walk towards the display case for Mjolnir...she hears a "roarrrrr!!!", looks behind her to the stage and sees the McCarthy Hela having caught the stage Mjolnir, which then shatters. Portman then looks into the case (swinging camera first person perspective) to see the pieces of the hammer for the first time. And there you go...you get your callback, you get your (presumably) amusing reveal of a McCarthy Hela, and you allow the audience to more explicitly recall exactly what happened to the hammer in the first place, all in a fraction of the time and interlacing the stage bit and Portman coming to the hammer.
now im pretty sure alot of people have already recommended cyberpunk edgerunners to you, probably enough to make you annoyed at this point. but honestly, its a pretty strong series, its not on the levels of arcane. but solid enough to recommend it anyway, tho it may just be me, since im a cyberpunk enthusiast. anyway, I hope you can enjoy it as much as I was able to! ^^
I thought the moment it was announced that I was concerned. I like Thor, I like Taika, I liked Ragnarok. But there were many wanting signs from the very beginning.
I forgot actually how the hammer broke, so the play was a good reminder, also funny
Honestly. We are getting picky with what we want from films and videos games. But to be honest I liked the movie and thought the ending was pretty good and left some room for a sequel that will hopefully have dad Thor
Normies liked it but I fealt is was horrible.
I knew Thor was gonna be humiliated HARD when I saw the trailers. Thor 4 makes the first two Thor movies and even pre-MCU movies that were mediocre or bad look like masterpieces.
I personally enjoyed it.   When I watch a marvel movie I'm not watching to think just to watch shit on the screen.  It was a little cheesy in some scenes but meh
It was trying to be too funny. It was such a dark story about a vengeful man the last of his kind going against what he once worshipped. But then they added the fucking goats and children with lightning
Movies today reflect what society troubles them the most, a lack of direction & purpose.
Difference is one movie is serious the other not as serious, with the plays
Fight was mediocre as fuck. You’re telling me Thor KNOWS if Jane wield the hammer one last time she’ll die…. And yet, when she shows up to the final battle, he’s not able to tap/tune into a warrior rage and go full-on blood lust at that fact? Weak, I expected more (aka- infinity war Thor x10)
I enjoyed it but I can definitely see and understand why it's hated
Love and Thunder was a woke disaster. Terrible movie. Please tell me what was the point of making a talking rock gay? No need for that.... just wokeness
I think you give too much credit to Waititi being talented, his whole shtick is to take something ppl take seriously or are sensitive about & then proceed to rub his butt on it while throwing confetti in the air.
Taika Waititi is already in danger of just being overexposed. Too much of him and you taste it.
When I saw the theatre scene in ❤&⚡️ I couldn’t believe what I was watching. That scene was a dogshit…then the rest of the movie followed in the similar fashion.
Well, at least they've replaced Fat Thor with Fat Hela..
The only time I laughed while watching that movie was when Zeus sauntered down the steps to confront Thor.
This movie could have been epic both they delivered a movie full of childish jokes
The first scene is a funny reveal, the sequel is a reference. That by itself takes the steam out of it.
When I saw the scene start, I thought “that is funny”, hoping it would take 5 seconds and be a comical ‘memberberry.   Then I felt the weight of the scene dragging on for *waaaaay* too much.   And then there’s another callback that serves absolutely no purpose.
so we could have seen gorr kill gods and not this?  but i think they could use this play joke later in thor 5 to show the insight to gorr's daughter, how she feels about the awful stuff her father done, and how she feel about living in a place that hate her father
Some might say the Drinker is doing this video just to "make a scene."  It's a plot, no story here.
It did OK $ wise but... why not make it fantastic?  Gor the G-d killer is a great idea.  Thor-Jane?  Could have been so moving.  They had the elements of a movie that could have been great.  This movie was lazy and making it great might have required some work.  That they didn't?  Despicable. A very weak point for me?  Thor uses a commanding voice to assemble the Asgardians in a time of crisis.  Then, I expected him to say something rousing.  Instead, they had nothing for him.  So he mugged, acted like he was joshing around but in reality and context?  They had nothing for to say.  Killer.
Taika Waititi is an overrated spunk trumpet. Fight me
The dude is awful at directing and writing and should not be allowed to work on any movies after this. He needs to grow up already
Tell me your a DC fan boi without telling me 🤣
I think the theater scene worked extremely well. I actually laughed with the Melissa McCarthy entrance. I also think it moved the story along and it was a good way to re-introduce the broken hammer. There are plenty of other parts of love and thunder that you could criticize, but this scene is my opinion is pretty good. The movie overall was also enjoyable, especially the last 15-20 minutes where I think it's the strongest. I think your criticisms are usually spot on, but I think you bias is showing a little bit here.
I hated Ragnarok too - and for me, I hated that theatre scene in Ragnarok too... mainly because nobody recognised Thor in the crowd... really?!?
Wasn't expecting much from love and thunder but have to say  it was a fun watch, but dumb down Thor doesn't work. Thor has been through so much it just isn't fair
Exactly right
You sound too sober Drinker. Christ get a whiskey down your neck.
"Has Malissa Mcarthy ever been funny."   I might get flack for this but I watch "Identity Theft" and I gotta say I would actually recommend that movie. She steals the identity of a guy who just quit his high paying job to start a company with his friends. The bank or the investors see his credit history and tell them they won't invest unless the the main chacter is cut due to the risk. Actually funny and entertainig movie
The entire movie was like that play.  As soon as they got to...uh, "Mount Olympus," I knew it was time to check out.
Taika Waititi, aka the Vince Russo of movies
My girl wanted to watch this. We got about 10 mins in and she said wtf is this and she said change it. I gladly did.
i watch these before i watch the films and cause of your reviews they turn out to be ok... your reviews are softening these terrible movies, and if you aren't shutting these films down then i gotta feel like you are heping them
I'm so sick of gay movies
The sad thing is it had real potential Gor the god killer was wasted
The movie was plain shittastic.... Go away now....
im sick of funny Thor. I want chad Thor being a GOD of THUNDER
I hated this movie so much, Im still annoyed that people defend it. It is what it is I guess
i love yuor channel, and heck these films are crap!!! but do they really deserve these many uploads? shape up drinker
Thor love and thunder was good
He hasn’t been asked back? I thought it was because he is supposed to be directing a Star Wars movie and is no doubt going to be doing other things for Marvel too
The entire movie was a mess of themes and the paper thin plot holding them together was Captain Marvel level dull. There was no real chemistry between the leads and the paper-thin plot lacked any real depth or consequence.   As for the humor it fell so flat that it wouldn't be a stretch to think Adam Sandler was somehow involved.   I'm bored of the Marvel movies and really couldn't care less about what's coming next.
Please please please! Do Wheel of Time!😁🙏
thor ragnorok sucked
The narcissistic ego of the director ruined Love and Thunder completely.
J. Michael Straczynski has at least written a textbook about writing stories, and he did an excellent job with his contributions to the first Thor movie.  He's the kind of writer Hollywood needs but seldom hires.
Truth
Waititi is NOT overly talented --- if you state any problems with his work, you are Racism --- according to Waititi
Thor 5 .....Why
It's very simple really. Taika thought he could direct AND write this time. They should've kept the original writers from the previous Thor movie. Also, since this movie is a comedy first you would hope youd have a laugh, however, Taika has comedy that only appeals to little kids.
Thor Love And Thunder sucked because they made it woke, they have to put a female into the hero role in every movie and they took a really powerful serious super hero in Thor, that in the comic books was always serious and made him look like a bumbling clown, I like humor but they are taking it to far, this is more woke nonsense, women are smart and strong and men are weak and stupid this is the new narrative and it is complete nonsense! These movies will continue to disappoint us and loose money until they stop pushing this ridiculous agenda. The new she Hulk is a flop, Captain Marvel sucked, The Ghost Busters movie with the all female cast flopped and now we are being told that if we don't want to watch and like the new movie The Women King we are racist? Why can't we just watch movies and give our honest opinions without being threatened? We are all watching the slow death of these movies until they stop this nonsense.
Loved this film, every bit as good as ragnarok.
Thor: Ragnarok wasn't written by Taika Waititi, Thor: Ragnarok had Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie actually having something to do and most importantly, Thor: Ragnarok had Tom Hiddleston's Loki before he was completely nerfed, just partially. That's the difference between Thor: Ragnarok and Thor: Love and Thunder. There is a good movie in Thor: Love and Thunder somewhere, CGI Natalie Portman was certainly game for it, if it had been allowed to breathe a little and stop trying to make every scene into the closing of The Benny Hill Show.
i was recently banned from the marvel sub reddit for voicing my opinions about the decline of the MSHEU... really goes to show how blind those fans are... I'm glad in this community people are waking up
I was waiting for Jimmy Kimmel to show up...
Drinker..Canadian here of Scotish ancestry..and I really think you have the Scottish accent spot on..well done!
Watched all the criticism videos on YouTube.  Was surprised to find out there was no exaggeration and it really was that bad.
Any opinions on SW ANDOR the series??
I'm broke but someone please but this man a beer! 👏🏼
Oh. So I guess you are saying that Asgard has become Disney Land. Wow. Oh. Yeah. I see that. How far has Asgard been felled. This is more damage than Thanos could ever do. At least they still had their dignity. Now? Nope. Drained away like the water in my bathtub. I'm disappointed in Taika I am.
Shouldn't this play have been something like Thor's farewell to both his brother and his father? Since, the only way this scene should even exist is if Thor retold the story and he never really got a chance to say his goodbyes within the rush of events during the Ragnarok, the Infinity War and beginning of the Endgame
7:03 why couldn’t they just keep Thor in this outfit? Like it looks so much better then that weird blue and gold thing
The CGI in this movie is giving me a seizure and idk why
Can't stand Tie ka - wha titi? He seems like a very annoying person, with a very childish/dopey personality and sense of humour, that would wear thin within seconds with anyone, if he wasn't famous. Like a giggling baby man let loose in Hollywood to infuse any film that he works on with his own style of cringe worthy and unfunny "comedy". I'm sure any average 7 year old could come up with the same ideas and comic tone he does. He's a flash in the pan, 10 years from now no-one remember him.
Am I wrong in that I feel like this movie is on par with Tommy Wiseau’s The Room?
Thought it was the best movie within the multiverse saga thus far and picking at a self contained 2 minute skit isn't enough to persuade me otherwise
Good outro.
It's not a matter of Taika having awareness of the mythology he's destroying.  He knows full well what he's doing.  Don't forget his tweets before Love and Thunder came out. "I'll ruin your mythos in a minute, baby."  Why would a small hat ever respect another culture's mythologies?
I didn't even watch a second of the video but you're wrong and a liar if you didn't cry at the end of the movie
So...the director and writers got lucky with one decent scene... The rest of the movie still sucks. The director, whatever his name is, for sure ain't no Alfed Hitchcock. Does he even care?
Can has HD thumbnail pls?
Because it made a joke of sexual assault on a man when Odin “used to much power and accidentally exposed Thor in front of thousands. Teehee.”
Whoa, whoa, whoa.....I was on board, but....and I'm no McCarthy fanboy, but she has been funny. Spy is underrated in my book. It definitely missed some opportunities, but her interactions with most characters crack me up. Her berating the Swede is pretty damn hilarious to me. "I warned you you Swedish gummy fish motherfucker.' Classic.
I agree with you on this movie and I think the  success of the last movie got to his head. But I disagree with your comments on taika. Jojo rabbit was a great example of how well of a writer he can be when he’s not seeing green for a silly cash grab movie
What happens when we see horrible things, we criticis them and say how good or horrible they are! Good job Mr. Drinker.
Taika Waititi movies are suck!
While I didn’t like Thor Love and Thunder I do feel you’re being a bit heavy on Taiko. He’s made lots of solid films, but expecting a perfect record seems unreasonable. Until he becomes like Kevin Smith who now has a track record of stinkers after a formerly solid career I don’t think you should be writing him off.
1983rd, 26 September 2022
Melissa McCarthy’s husband Ben Falcone also “stars” in the scene as the stage manager, but the worst thing was too much Guns ‘N Roses, not enough Guardians.
Tyco could not even see how correct Gina was when she said what triggered his sorry ass.
I thought we already did this. This movie sucked yet still made tons of $$. At this point I would much rather criticize the idiots that paid to watch this then the morons making a never ending drove of woke nonsense
Thor Ragnarok is one of my favorite Marvel films to date, and I've rewatched it many times. Thor L&T is the ONLY Marvel movie I've EVER SEEN that I turned off and stopped watching after only 20 minutes. There is no excuse for how shit that film is. Although many don't like the early Thor movies, I'd rather rewatch them a thousand times than watch Thor L&T even once. Smh
I think Melissa McCarthy was a fine White House Press Secretary.
Refused to even watch it frankly l
For me what sucked the most was what they did to gorr.. I mean wtf man come on! Comics gorr what a BEAST.. here is just like a skinny creepy dude on crack with a black sword.. with godlike powers, but still the looks throw me away.
Drinker seriously checkout banshee series!.  You will love it. It deserves a review by you.
I haven't watched ANY comic book-based movies since the first Deadpool....same recycled shite over and over again. Thanks for suffering through this dreck so I don't have to. That's all I've got for today, I'll go away now.
Taika got George Lucas'd. People let him get away with whatever he felt like, and probably thought it'd be great. Or at the very least were scared of correcting him.
I felt like the first half of the movie (in which the scene you are criticizing was placed) was horrible. It was so horrible that I almost turned it off. But about halfway through, when they were riding the ship to the center of the galaxy, or wherever, I felt like the tone changed significantly, and we got the second half of a decent, although not especially important, movie. Any thoughts on that? I was drinking pretty heavily, so I suppose that could have helped, but I can't help but wonder if someone stepped in and tried to salvage the movie, but they just couldn't rescue the first half.
How can a adult watch that crap? All american comic book films are painfully stupid, just like original comic books. Stories have no sense, "super powers" are ridiculous and characters are flat. If you like mithology read books.
Any time you get someone from the ghosts busters 2016 movie in your movie you know it’s going to be dumb as fuck.
What are you’re thoughts on THE WALKING DEAD would really love drinkers take
Do you think this is comparable to the Wonder Woman movie situation? (Writing-wise)
This was the best part of the movie.. wasn't it?
That trash-wagon of a movie was so overhyped... I've dropped more satisfying duces.
Great analysis. Keep up the good work.  Joshua 24:15 John 8:32 & 14:6 Psalms 28:7, 34, & 40 Strength and Honor!
9:09 More like a kid in an adult video store.
Taika didn't write Ragnarok. 2 professionals wrote it. Taika directed someone else's story. Huge difference kids. Huge difference. Taika is 10. The movie is for 10 yr Olds. The movie has tons of 10 yr old in it.  Love is a ten yr old God who may turn out to be Moon Dragon
I watched this a couple weeks ago, and the first third, at least, could've been whittled down if Taika Watiti had been reined in. It got semi watchable after the excruciatingly long setup. Christian Bale was wasted though. I don't see him as a villain so much as an antagonist (they can be separate things). He had his own mission, which Thor & Co were trying to thwart. Also, the scene with Zeus and all the gods could've been cut down, too.
Drinker!!! I found out series called BANSHEE starring an Anthony Starr, before he became The Homelander. It's superbly directed, well written.  Every character has a back story. It has awesome hand to hand old school action sequences with blood. I honestly can't recommend it enough. Everyone try to watch it. It's like finding out gold among this generic sludge of entertainment now a days. Puts an end to dryspell.
I liked it :) but it wasn’t that good
I have to admit that I didn't hate the movie quite as much as you did. Probably a sign of how jaded my expectations have become. The overabundance of slapstick level "comedy" did seem to make it more of a Mad magazine skit about a Thor movie than an actual movie.
Honestly, does anyone find Melissa McCarthy funny? (Retorical)
Gore was wasted
I loved the movie personally 🤷🏻‍♂️
Natalie Portman acting in this movie was so cringy. I was like did she even prepare for this role because her acting is off but the writing also sucked. They gave her horrible lines.
I just hate that Melissa Girl. She is so not funny. My sandwich is funnier than she is.
Such a hater.
Three things irked me about the movie 1. Thor regressing personality wise to a cardboard cut out where social cues surprise him 2. I told my girlfriend the whole thing felt like an old spice commercial shortly before the old spice part 3. Thor is an inept emotional mess and the women are stoic and masculine
it was made for children who just wants to see thor fight.
When you put a narcistic infantile idiot as director, no wonder the movie is an ominous shit
By the time Thor did the splits I knew this would be dog shit
I don't care if we live in 3022 , there are no black people in Asgard. Now excuse me i will self inject into Great Zimbabawe mythos. And you still wonder why these series/movies fail?
Exactly! The scenario of Thor Ragnarok was a better balance between jokes and seriouness in the movie because he wrote it with 3 excellent writers that have experience in this Area: Eric Pearson had experience with Marvel stuffs, Craig Kyle and Christopher Yost have both experience in comic books, that's why it was quite well balanced in my opinion, but when you wrote a scenario with someone that have no experience with  superhero stuffs, that's the kind of results you get, on top of that with someone with the mentality of a children, I'm not surprised it was garbage.
Because it was in no way made for comic fans. Infact it's was intended to piss them off.
I’m upset that Kevin Feige approved this movie, because he had to have seen it before it went to theaters.. Feige let this garbage movie happen lol
This man is really upset on a simple play scene of the movie 😂😂
When I saw Melissa McCarthy in this movie. I know the Critical Drinker would be ripping this movie.
Yes it was cringe but it was funny and stupid at the same time. Overall I thought it was alright, the cringe wokeness soaking into it was noticable but not over bearing.
McCarthy was funny in Bridesmaids.
This movie should have been amazing. How do you mess up with Christian Bale
Melissa McCarthy was freaking brilliant as Sean Spicer in those SNL skits. Sure a lot of her movie roles weren't the best but she has talent for sure. She even got an Emmy for it.
Drinker, how do you feel about the new Last of Us trailer?
He is much better in indi films, because he wrote about themes what are dear to him. But he doesnt respect the MCU.
McCarthy was funny with Jason Bateman in “Identity Thief” That’s about it
I've never heard of a good movie that was both written and directed by the same person.
It's almost like Taika's comment that he'd "destroy your mythos in a minute, baby." wasn't just a statement about his willingness to experiment with defined characters and franchises as an intention to ruin them but also an unknowingly self-aware statement about his complete ineptitude as a writer.
Marvel sucks
Wow, you confirmed what I thought when I watched it. It seemed like someone had made a 10 hour movie and then chopped it down and only kept what they felt like were highlights and broke the whole thing and made it make no sense and such S***.
Taika is n fokkin poes
If you can stop talking about Marvel for 5 minutes, some of us are patiently waiting to hear your thoughts on House of the Dragon. Lol.
Not to mention it had been several movies/years between The Dark World and Ragnarok, which further validated the scene in that most people would’ve forgotten what happened to Loki without it. This new scene is just, “Hey! Remember that funny bit we did last time? Let’s do that again because it worked last time, right?”
CounterPoint(second attempt) : Why Thor Love & Thunder was actually good, and also, by far the best Thor movie in the series: 1. There's an actual plot. In previous Thors, there hardly was _any_ . They were a bunch of random sewed together scenes, with no underlying themes or structure in them. Stuff like the main villain getting done by random third party introduced at and forgotten after first 5 mins in Raggie ect... 2. There's actually a LOT better/more themes in thor 4. Themes In Ragnarok? Becoming "King" & Asgardians are the people, not the country. Themes in Thor 4? parental love, revenge theme,  gods = bad? ,  choosing between identities (thor, natalie/fthor) ,  space-viking-hood = good, masculinity=good,  heck ton of viking culture/mentality, parenting +viking culture related to parenting. Thor Finally becomes Odin. The people Accept him As KING over their "king". Really, I can't stretch enough, how pleased I was with the viking emphasize, in today's "feminine"& "anti-masculine" culture. They all want to die in battle and go to Valhalla? THE KIDS ARE TAUGHT TO FIGHT FROM CHILDHOOD, and "That's ok!"??  FCK YEAH! As a Nord myself, I fcking accept this. 3. The whole movie is not 100% "comedy". Ragnarok was so freaking overdone with that crap, it was disgusting. Here, it's toned down by 60%-70%(still a lot), and some of it is actually good/thematically solid. And it actually has counterbalancing sad/serious elements: the whole God Butcher storyline, Stage 4 cancer? Thors lovelife =they fell apart, they finally get together again, and she immediately dies? Serious topics here. 4. The CGI was amazing compared to all the previous marvel movies. Actually interesting/decent/varying borderline Limbo (game) like CGI creatures over generic non face copypaste mass monsters. The fights were insanely good looking (I'm almost never impressed with them, coming from an Anime Background, where things are generally twice better). 5. The female characters weren't surpassing Thor. Natalie's abilities are semi-explainable trough her capability to calculate trajectories better than Thor could (splitting hammer). She also showed critical/strategical thinking in fights, which is 100% better than being bruteforce-stronger than Thor. Valkyrie was borderline bareable & very toned down. Still got good character building (just wants to fight/die along her sisters again, finds a new one in FThor ect. ) 6. Christian Bale was freakishly good. 7. Nord God vs Greek God supremacy ++ :) 8. Some of the jokes were absolutely hilarious. :D The stupid cupcake God with anime googly eyes for a face? The Screaming Goats, which were 100% horrible design 10 years ago, equally horrible now, actually got funnier the more they spammed it, opposed to Pitch Meeting's opinion. :D The theoter presentation in the beginning was actually a good one imo. I hate theater ^^' but that's just at the edge of bearable/cringe enough to love it & feel culturally enlightened. 9. The Rock person was one of the only saving graces from Ragnarok. He's hilarious, and while they didn't use him to his fullest extend here, he was still a good addition. Borderline story writing cheat to have him psychoanalyze someone untactfully as a joke, or make a stupid lame ass story exposition in the beginning/end. 10. Fcking great story building for Thor to get a kid like that, to teach  the way's of the Vikings. :D Calling that the next thor is being cynical. 11. Actually tear jerking scenes. None of the previous thors have made me (a bit softie) feel anything of the sort. But man did the GodBucher wishing for his daughter to come to life, only to realize she'll have no one, and then get confirmation that Thor will take care of her... fcking beautiful.  those might be the main points. Anyone got something to add here? Pacing was great, Female thor was hot/natalie can still act (although not her best performance by any metric) and uh. yeah. the Gods could've been done better. More horrible ect. Imagine if Re;zero's writer was on that team... xd The sword def needed a proper background, but yeah. def good enough. :) 8.3 vs ragnaroks 6.3 (being generous).
A very accurate description. I struggled to watch the movie. It took my wife to have me give it a chance and was still disappointed in the end. You out in to words what I couldn't have had.  Freeeedom! Right here my friend 😉
Too Woke...It was not as entertaining as the prior Thor movies, way too much subliminal messaging and gags.
Remember when George Lucas made 3 amazing films with a skilled crew around him who guided and advised him. Remember when George Lucas was so successful he was surrounded by yes men and made 3 more films throwing in everything he could think of with no push back or guidance.
Nah this movie was great i love laughing at u sad haters losers everyone of u
What if I don't wanna go away now?🙄🤔
The sad thing about this movie is there are so many good ideas that are put together haphazardly without respect for what came before it. If some better writers were on this film, there is no doubt Love and Thunder could have been a masterpiece. Even Christian Bale with his dedicated performance as Gorr couldn't save this film.
This can only be one of three possibilities. He either didn't write the first scene, and thus didn't comprehend its importance, but decided to replicate it in the sequel because it was funny and worked the first time. Or he did write the first scene but another more competent writer improved upon it by making it relevant. Or, he did write the first scene intentionally having purpose in the story, though possibly without realising it, but just didn't care to make it relevant for the sequel.  Neither possibility is good.
Definitely the weakest marvel movie to date, which is a shame since it coincided with the most impressive looking Thor so far.  I think the goats were one of the few saving graces.
Its kids muvie. Silly plot. Colors everiware. Kids.
Hey! My daughter is a hyperactive 12 year old! And she writes better stories!
One thing I can say about Melissa McCarthy is at least we know where the Andy Dick curse went.
I’m happy to note that I’ve not watched Ragnarok nor Love and Thunder, and I think I’m all the better for it.
Taika Waititi and Patty Jenkins are peas in a pod. Sheer effing hubris with a nauseating excess of wokeism to boot.
I was so bad, i was every minute of the movie astonished how bad it was. Also they obviously spend a lot of money into CGI. It was like a gigantic very spectacular colorful firework of shit.
The worst thing any director or writer can do is give the audience what it thinks it wants based on test audience scores and comments.
One of the few that would say that Ragnarok is the only Thor movie that actually managed to be entertaining, this one just blows, even more than the first few movies even.  TBH, the whole Thor franchise is pure garbage.
The movie was like trying to have a serious heart to heart conversation with Jim Carrey when he's"on".
Taika is a talented director and writer, but embarres himself.
LMAO All of the movies are garbage. The latest one is just stinkier.
I imagine it was fun to work with those people, though. And, like Matrix 4 - who gives a shit?
Thank you for watching these shitshows so I don't have to.  Your sacrifice is appreciated.
really wasted the God Butcher story.. the comic story line is amazing. Granted.. it would be too similar to Spider-Man No way home. As 3 Thors come together from different timelines to fight a super powerful Gorr.. but.. sure as hell would e better than Gorr the child kidnapper.. like.. seriously.. like Thor needed that as a reason to go after Gorr?!?  It's a dark story.. keep it dark..  Either way, the jokes sucked. Still amazed at "infinity cones" the ice cream shop with the weapon of mass destruction (the gauntlet) that killed half of Asgard and nearly killed half of the universe..   it's like opening an ice cream shop in Auschwitz with chocolates sprinkles in the shape of a certain German cross as decoration on the ice cream...
Even on release, i saw the play scene in Ragnarok for what it really was: an excuse for watiti to recap, and more importantly, mock the events of Thor the dark World, and turn Loki into an overly comedic and toothless foil to thor. Just because the encore scene in love and thunder is much worse, won't make me see the first one any differently.  it doesn't advance the plot of thor ragnarok. The scene where they actually meet odin does. We don't actually learn where odin is until they go to earth and loki takes thor to the old folk's home he took him to.  it begins loki's development into a farcical caricature. His narcisism is inflated to absurd levels because it can be mined for comedy. His turn at the end of the movie is a payoff that is much better set up in dark world, or in the elevator scene of ragnarok.   and it builds asgard up to be a nation of fools who fail to notice a blatantly out-of-character odin, and are so blindly obedient that they will go as far as making a comically giant golden statue of Loki.  What it does do is get some cheap laughs by using stunt casting of well known actors and making them act silly. An outside element that has no bearing on the story. Fuck this scene.
Before, this would've been unheard of. A bad Thor movie. Marvel Studios used to be associated with quality. But I get impression that they didn't even bother with this movie. It was an afterthought
Ragnarok didn't work pretty well it was a horrible bad film
Savage lol. That burn is gonna scar Taika, might need a skin graft.
I couldn't really get into watching this train wreck, not to mention even finishing it. I switched it off 20 minutes in.
You comparing two entirely different scenes. The Ragnarok scene is meant to advance the plot, the Love and Thunder is just for fun. You grab those since because the both this theatrical parody idea and look similar but they are not. You should do a better job and compare similar scenes. Ragnarok has scenes that don't advance the plot and are just for fun and Love has scenes that are important and advance the plot and develop characters. If Love and Thunder is a worst movie your 10min babbling doesn't show it. You need to make better videos like Waititi needs to make better movies...
Drinker should get sponsored by skill share, this is a great video lesson
So, can we get a drinker's edition of thor: love & thunder?
This movie could have worked if it had leant in one direction or the other. An anthology of Thor with the Guardians as they have their adventures, leaning right in to the silliness. Or you do the story with Gorr going after the gods and Jane Foster dealing with her cancer but you go down the more serious route, for whatever reason they decided to mash the silliness of the first option with the seriousness of the second and the result was that the silliness wasn't funny because it felt forced and for the most part played no real part in driving the serious part of the story and the serious part of the story didn't work because any tension or stakes would immediately get sidelined by the next bit of silliness.  What's more concerning is that we are one movie away from the end of Phase 4 and it's looking like the best MCU movies in that time frame are going to both be Spiderman ones, one of which is part producer by Sony and the other entirely producer by Sony.
It was a bitter disappointment. It took the source material and wiped its behind on it. It felt like a movie length SNL episode.
7:28 holy shit FINALLY! I’ve never seen anyone else criticise how marvel is literally just taking other cultures’ icons and going “let’s make them cringe superheroes who are best friends with the hulk” it’s so annoying because now this generation is only gonna associate the vid of thunder with Chris Hemsworth
The MCU is a shell of it's former glory. I had high hopes for Phase 4. It took 2 movies to drive that into the ground. At least the Infinity Saga remains great.
I enjoyed ragnarok but couldn't get  20 mins into Love &' Thunder
Guess I'm one of the few guys who liked the film to an extent.
Love and Thunder is proof Taika Waititi should be the next EP for SNL.
I started to be tempted to share some of your reviews and Analysis pieces like this one with my high school students, but I can't cuz of the swearing. I love the swearing they love the swearing the swearing is funny, but any chance you can do a clean edit rated PG?
Kinda like Michael Bay. A hell of a action director but should ONLY do that. Nothing else.
Love and Thunder is a Soap Opera for men who love Viking stuff. As a man who loves Viking stuff, and has a daughter who is a self-described “warrior princess” she and I both LOVED this movie!!!  This is my favorite Marvel movie since endgame. Yes it’s cheesy, and dumb. And that’s why I like it.   If it’s not for you, totally fair. Not every movie can appeal to everyone. Star Wars died trying to appeal to everyone, imo. Lol  But please don’t insult people who do enjoy it, or be rude to the makers of the film.   They made a movie for people like me, and I LOVED this movie.   Just wanted to throw my voice into the wind.
Love and Thunder was fkg awesome!!! FK you Critical Drinker!!!!!..... Go away now!!
I feel bad for Christian bale and hemsworth. They are amazing actors, trapped in a shitty movie.
Im glad taika isnt directing anymore mcu movies. Way too much comedy and nonsense that has 0 to do with the plot. The ONLY one i could see him coming back for, as a collaboration, is Deadpool.
MCU phase 1-3 built the worlds with every movie that came out at a reasonable pace for both audiences to digest and production workers to not be overwhelmed/worked. That’s one of the reasons why it succeeded. Now it’s just shits on established characters/plot lines, overused CGI, 99% comedy, churn out a million movies and shows a year at the command of their Mouse overlord, and saturate the market with no room to breathe. No wonder Evans, Downey (and soon Hemsworth) retired their roles.
4: Entertaining the viewer.
Hey Drinker, I'd love to know your thoughts on the new Don't Hug Me I'm Scared show on Channel 4 :)
Do you play Apex and have an Apex YT channel? Lol
Great Job! Definitely Subscribed! Another scene comparison would be if you compared the post credit skit of the final episode of Hawkeye (the play of The Avengers) which was a creative kind of a combination of humor and drama to the pathetic Thor: Dumb and Dumber skit scene, too.
Psycho Waikiki ghost writers confirmed?
It’s sad because the “serious” parts of it were pretty good. Gorr was a cool villain and him sucking out all the color when he’s around is a great idea. However everything else was poop.
That's actually a pretty good summary of what's wrong with comic book movies in general nowadays... they want the payoff without understanding the lead up to the moment. It worked in this prior movie, it should work just the same if I slot it in here... Why aren't you watching my movie? Racist!
Please, enough of these now. Thor Love and Thunder is the best Thor movie yet.
Asian and African Vikings in Asgaard? What the heck?
They churn out modern movies on factory-lines, written by ZX-81's, for the consumption of the Proles, so that they don't commit the cardinal sin of beginning to think about the world they live and breathe in.
Please create your version of Thor Love and Thunder story like what you did in Doctor strange MOM.
Why it sucked... The director.  What I think is a good representation of him on set, his character in FreeGuy. A narcissistic retard that takes credit for other people's work. I hated Ragnarok because Thor started quipping in an out of character way... And that it was two different movies spliced together and you can feel it was taped together. It has grown on me... But previous issues are still there.  Love and thunder... Taiko made the same lame jokes, the weapon envy was funny at first but third time the joke comes up it's kinda cringe. But Taiko seems to think cringe is funny. Makes me think the hammer jokes from Ragnarok was Taiko's contribution
I gave up on the MCU since moon knight and thank fuck I did. Double dipping a lame theatre joke is some pretty terrible writing 😂😂 maybe one day it will get it's shit together and be watchable again
But did it push "THE MESSEGE"?
Ragnarok sucked and so did this  Thor deserves better
They should fire whomever gave this film to a self-obsessed narcissist like Tyro. It just proves that Disney has no clue how to make a successful Marvel film, like Stan Lee did.
And you did not even mention the fucking screaming goats wtf! what the whole fuck! I felt like I was watching a movie for a child with no attention span.
The only good thing about the New Asgard scenes at Love and Thunder was that Darryl from the Ragnarok shorts became canon.
Honestly, I don't think Waititi is a particularly good director. He seems to be a "one-trick pony", as the saying goes, always making the same type of movie, emotional drama filled with light-hearted comedy. The problem is, most of the time, it's not done very well. Sure,  JoJo Rabbit was generally quite good, and there were parts of Ragnarok that were good, but ultimately, everything else I've seen of his directoral work has been disappointing.
Suggestion: Watch "Kungfu Hustle" and do your take on that.
the god butcher was butchered. what a disappointment.
Taika doesn't respect the source material or even the fans, so I'm not surprised by how horrible this movie was. Well, at least, he got is moments in the movie, unfortunately, removing all of his scene would have only made the movie slightly better.
My sister loves the Thor movies and she absolutely hates this movie. She said it was like watching a kids' movie actually made by kids.   I've never liked the Thor movies and I'd be okay if Hollywood just stopped making movies for about 5 or 6 years. I doubt anyone would really notice too much.
I remember when people on tiktok hype this movie up and say this movie is gonna be peak because there were no trailers and only very few news about for a long time.
All the exposition done by Thor in like 1 minute total. He’s an idiot the whole movie until it comes time to explain the plot
So I am a die hard Marvel fan. I liked it . But then I am waiting for them to introduce the House of M in the films
1:00 And THAT is all I needed to see. If a director can't even coordinate the stunts to make it look like two fighters are swinging at each other rather than at the weapon, all hope is lost for an action film.  Like, people whine about the Star Wars prequels but you never saw the camera zoom in on anything like _that._
Man I'm done with M-She-U.  Hopefully Chris Hemsworth redeems himself with Extraction 2.
It should have been called Thor: Feminism and Homosexuals. The art of subtle emasculation, constantly push sin, 'diversity' and cultural marxism in your face until they get you 'comfortable' with it.  I watched it for the first time last night and I might need to go to the optometrist because I think I might have rolled my eyes out of my head.
Does anyone think the re-release of Avatar is a cash grab?
Definitely grasping at straws two different movies two different scenes, as someone else stated scenes can be used for pacing and rhythm not just what was mentioned in the video. In my opinion this was just a change of pace scene to give us a small piece of comedy and something instantly recognizable from the previous movie. Nothing more. Also it did help the plot because it was reasserting how and why Thor’s hammer is in a million pieces. Oh and btw that scene was actually funny me and everyone in the theater would agree as we burst into laughter as soon as We saw the stage, Then boom Melissa McCarthy not looking anything like Hera showing no resemblance at all along with her natural horrible acting was actually Pretty funny stuff.
Taika Waikiti seems to be suffering from Big  Budget Syndrome ,in which directors who can make very decent low budget movies,literally lose the plot when they have huge budgets to play with.
I love when you do these kind of videos.  They are entertaining and I learn a lot about story telling.
Good stuff, Drinker. Very thoughtful. I learned something from it.
It's gotten a bit redundant, I'm done with these big cgi movies with a million things going on in screen. Filmmakers have gotten too comfortable with replacing every little practical effect with CGI. My taste for marvel movies have worn off, at this point I'll just appreciate a simple movie with minimum cgi
sounds a bit like the problem lucas had when making the prequels. nobody said no to him, which is why we ended up with meme lines "i don´t like sand"
Oh dear I hated the goats after the 2. scene
Taika went way to Ham on this.
What could you expect when a comic book company shits on a legimate peoples culture and religions, you can't Copyright religion, so marvel could hypothetically make a Jesus Christ super hero movie played by a black tranny actor even if it flops.
Seeing "Serious" actors like Matt Damon, OK, ya lost me right there. 😆😆 Also Titty Kaka as a director, just cringe. But hey the man is banging Rita Ore and making gobs of money so good for him, You really can't blame people who "fail upwards" Still won't pay to see any of this. Cheers everyone. 🍺
I haven’t even seen this movie (or any marvel movie since NWH) but I can already guess exactly what’s wrong with it just from the trailers alone
God seeing Melissa McCarthy here again Is just... Why.  I literally only liked her In "The Heat" and that's about it, everything else she's In Is borderline garbage.
Nice to see another scene-by-scene comparison from you, Drinker! Cheers!
8:26 - Melissa McCarthy was humorous in an unforced way in Gilmore Girls and Samantha Who? - and completely unfunny in everything she forced on us…
I’m curious to check this out because I was surprised but actually kind of enjoyed it. Definitely wasn’t great by any means but fairly entertaining is fair…I was not at all a fan of the child Thor’s scene. That ended up looking so stupid with all the awful children fighting choreography. What annoyed me most was all the liberal c**ts whining about the sexualization of women in movies yet they were obviously clearly very much Ok with the over sexualization of male characters. I honestly don’t give a shit about either one of those things, it’s just the hypocrisy that really annoys me.   The other thing I wasn’t a fan of was how the self proclaimed Hero of the Gays made this movie as gay as possible. The males of Korgs species holding hands for hours over a volcano to make babies made me wanted to throw up is was so stupid. Waititi has truly turned into a POS with an ego that has exploded into unimaginable heights.   Lastly…I was worried about the Lady Thor thing and them just casting to the side and immasculating Thor the whole time but I think they actually did a decent job of introducing that character without taking too much from Thor.   Ok…That’s most of it. Not terrible, not good, but somewhere inbetween that’s entertaining and definitely doesn’t need to be watched twice.
I didn't dislike it, but I didn't like it either. Now, looking back at it. Yeah, it was bad. Then comparing it to Phase 1-3 movies. It was a train wreck. Just pitiful. Poor actors.
The lack of a proper 80s movie training montage when he got in the greatest shape of his life was the biggest travesty.  If they did the JCVD leg spit machine while training, while it would have been silly, it would have made sense why he did the stupid split kick fighting the chickens! He should have done all the legendary Greek training. Pushing a large stone up the hill, pushing the pillars apart etc...
Drinker’s gettin technical folks, buy him a drink before he sobers up completely
The answer to the Melissa McCarthy question: no.
Only movie that I liked with McCarthy was The Boss... because I paused the movie at the pufferfish sashimi scene, stopped watching as she looked dead and that was oddly satisfying enough!
This is my first time watching a video from this channel. Why does the guy speaking sound as if he's trying to explain something to someone while holding back a massive shit? He sounds like he's speaking with his teeth gritted together.
tbh i really enjoyed Love and Thunder  I am quite picky about movies nowadays but enjoyed Love and Thunder, i found the jokes wasn't overwhelming, and they managed to get through the movie with them without ruining the story.
Ironic that's Taika Waititi wore a t-shirt with Luffy from One piece. The very detailed manga. Some scenes looked like same funny stuff but after 500 chapter you can realise it's importance
This is when the Drinker is at his best, for me. Telling us about movie making and scripting, while taking his shots!   Brilliant.
Your video made me realize that thor love and thunder is the bloodiest mcu movie but the blood is gold and underplayed by the humor
Jesus why is Drinker's comment section absolutely full of spam
It sucked because : - They turned the whole Thor franchise into a joke - The script was crap - The story was non existent - They turned Thor (God of Asgard) into a pathetic chump - They tied to pretend a 40 year old, 8 stone girl from earth could be more powerful than Thor, despite simultaneously dying of cancer at the same time - None of the jokes were remotely funny   The whole thing was an embarrassing pile of shite. It was worse than the remake of Ghostbusters, which is pretty ironic considering that Hemsworth appeared in that as well.
I gotta say. I can't stop thinking for a part 4 of a series, it's pretty okay. To me, it begs the question: can something be allowed to be just okay or just fine or just alright instead of great? Because as much as I keep getting told by every YouTube video on the internet that I'm supposed to absolutely despise this film. I just don't. Of course that doesn't mean it's my favorite movie. But for a part 4 of a super hero film....  Maybe I'm biased because I'm so old I remember when super hero movies were Spawn. And stuff like Mortal Kombat etc.  I'll say here what I omitted from my comment in the last critical drinker video about L&T. I categorically dislike The Dark World waaaaaaay more than L&T. I know that's a low bar, but still. If that IS the bar, these last two are a breath of fresh air in comparison.  I was so prepared to hate it because I thought NP was gonna be the new Thor. But she dies at the end. And it rounds off quite well how out of place and shoehorned her presence feels in the first two films.  For me the low in the series is still very much part 2.
thank fucking god that drinker also sees the irony of disney shiting all over nordic culture and mythology
I'm so grateful you made this video/comparison.   The theater scene in Ragnarok was cringy but tolerable, but the scene in Love and Thunder made me consider walking out of the cinema.  I hated it that much and it truly set the tone for the rest of the movie.    It's an absolute shame Love and Thunder sucked so bad because Ragnarok isn't just one of my favorite MCU movies, it's one of my favorite films of all time, and to follow it up with this brain dread shit show is a tragery.
Nice insight.
I disagree. That first scene was Taika screwing with Loki's character by doing what he always does - turning everything into a joke. It was also absolutely unfunny and went on for an excruciating amount of time, even though I skipped past most of it.  Those scenes are both just terrible, but if anything the former is worse, because it not only doesn't do anything, it actively damages the story.
This is what happens when a director buys into his own hype. He decided to make himself the comedic relief in every film now and it increases more and more as time goes on.
This was one of the most disappointing movies. Cringe galore. From the goats, to the dumpling god, to the grenade MP3 player... I could go on and on. The axe soap opera was the final nail in the coffin these supposed jokes weren't good enough even for the brain dead.
The critical drinker is us who watched 80s 90s movies growing up. Most movies nowadays are crap. I shifted entirely to japanese anime and Korean movies.  Imagine one of the worst JVD movies hard target in the 90s is far more better than Love and thunder...  Let that sink in...
was that bit at 3 minutes real?
Tessa Thompson is a horrible character and actor
I tried watching this. Made it right to the point where Melissa McCarthy appeared and shut it right the frick off. It was terrible, all if it. Her on screen was just the final squirt of shite on the cake.
Marvel died with ironman and by saying that i dont mean good films cant exist without him, i literally mean that they decided to fuck all after the main story ended, the remaining cast while still great suffered terribly in the form of being forced to play in absolute trash movies, true torture, especially after such a big success marvel 1-3 was.
Kids in a candy shop. They don't know how to make it, only how to eat it, make a mess, and get sick.
No jokes, EVERY person I know has seen this movie and not ONE of them liked it. NOT EVEN ONE!  Shameless cash grab!
Feminism will never create anything relevant, funny or entertaining.
Love and Thunder was a real let down..
It was really bad, I could not finished the movie.
many people are happy that Taika is no longer a director in the MCU i myself believe he should continue his path there with the phase 5 cause thats what they deserve for destroying one of the most entertaining and successful franchises ever made😢
Cmon, Drinker.. McCarthy was pretty hilarious in bridesmaids.
Maybe I'm just an old fart, but why the hell can't people stay in their lane when it comes to the workplace.  Hire a director to direct, not have total godlike control over every aspect of a movie.  It's the same with the 2005 Doctor Who series with a showrunner being in overall control of the show and writing most of the episodes.  Which just means that the whole show suffers if you don't like that person's vision or writing ability.  In classic Doctor Who the writers were varied and reported to a script/story editor, who in turn reported to the producer.  There were too many creative people involved for any one person's ego or lack of talent to mess things up.  Why should a director automatically get the right to write a movie as well?
I'd never go anywhere near these films.
I thought you stopped uploading on this channel
I honestly can't remember whether I watched the movie. I remember some scenes but not at all some of the others. I must have zoned out every now and then. Shame on me then if I even watched it and supported it by doing so.
I always thought because Taika just a one-trick pony that had the mindset of 12-year-old but I like your explanation too
I mostly see chris hemsworth in woke propaganda movies
This product was not for you.
9:14 I love how he had to cencor the luffy swetter
The Russo's are also to blame for destroying the character of Thor by making him an absolute joke in Endgame. Taiki just doubled down on what they did in Ragnorak and Endgame. That's why they hired him. That was always the plan.
Hollywood Scene Types: 1. Is in Trailer 2. Not important 3. Get a job to your family and friends.
Marvel has gone ultra woke so naturally anything they produce will be garbage
Dear Critical Drinker: If you haven't, please consider reviewing The Happytime Murders. I know McCarthy isn't the comedic dynamo  . . . ahem . . . culture wants us to believe she is, but she did an excellent job in that film (of course, I also have a soft spot in my heart for Last Action Hero too, a taboo subject I'm sure).  Either way, keep up the excellent work mein freund. You're one of the few bright spots left on YouTube, at least by my reckoning.
I totally agree with you, DC, Thor should have had a more serious theme! Gorr storyline in the comics was dark, thrilling and fun. He was the wrong director for this film.
But...I enjoyed Thor: Ragnarok.
Reviewing films that suck .... you could also sell vacuum cleaners You save me many hours of not watching certain movies ... thanks :)
Hey Prabhu, pls watch RRR and make a critical review. You're a movie critical aren't you? Prominent youtubers have made it you have to do it too pls🙏🚩🚩
The next Thor will be his coming out story.
Gay rock men. Zeus obsessed with orgies. "muh girl power". Screaming goats. If these things amuse you, you should probably take meds.
The first play scene also shows that Thor is getting better at seeing through Loki's illusions, as opposed to the first Avengers where Loki comments that Thor always falls for them.
Thor 5? God just let this franchise die
this version of Thor is what you get when you combine inferior coke and hubris
I think the editing helped ruin this film. Several of the deleted scenes would have made for a much better film. Adding a bit of pathos that could have made this into a much better film.  Unfortunately someone wanted a looney tunes cartoon and tossed all the drama out. Btw why are all the marvel characters getting a kid sidekick these days…I guess they are just marketing them to 12 year olds now.
This film was so bad it’s made me retroactively worried about watching Ragnorok again 😬.
Meh, it was fine.  You can see where someone was smart enough to pump the brakes on the improv.  The plot was horrible, but it was shiny and fun without completely dumping on thor the whole time.
And it's obvious that Taika knows how to make a charming and cute scenes because he do it before, but just because his style is so particular wants to stick with it. I don't know why but I think would be more funny if Hela was interpret by Michelle Pfeiffer or Sandra Bullock for a quick cameo in that cheese theater, more because both of this actress knows how to be Over the top without loosing the acting, and just for being Over the top. And was directed by Shyamalan just force himself inside the Thor history.
They added Melissa McCarthy. That says everything
How did Thor get back his injured eye ?
Have you ever told a joke and got so much laughter that a few months later you tried it again on the same people and you just get awkward smiles?  That's what's wrong with this scene.
Not sure what version  you watched but my version was pretty good 😉
I still can't get over how Taika wasted the potential of the drama-horror story of the god butcher and Jane's cancer at the same time...
I didn’t see it at theaters. However I watched the battle scenes on You Tube. It looked so cheesy. The costumes and special effects looked half done. It seemed like it was done in the 1980’s.
Too much focus on the first scene, not very comprehensive review. Expected better from Critical Drinker
Watched this movie and "Spiderman: No Way Home" (...and "Isle of Dogs")  all in the same day. What a contrast. I wasn't expecting to like "No Way Home" as much as I did ("Far From Home" didn't do much for me)--but I felt like "No Way Home" took what could have been a stupid gimmick (or rip-off of "Into the Spiderverse") and turned it into a wonderful opportunity for ALL of the Pidermans to redeem their (very sympathetic, in the case of Maguire's Spinnerman) villains. But also made sure the happy ending came at a cost/growth to the hero. Or, to put it another way, I kept puttering around the house the entire time "Love and Thunder" was on.  I was glued to the screen by the end of "No Way Home."
The only joke in the movie I really liked was mocking the deaths of the Warrior 3.  I recalled fans complaining about apathetic Thor was to it in Ragnarok. It was as though Waititi saw this and wanted to double down.  But he didn't know when to stop with these kind of jokes. It becomes bitter after a while if you keep insulting the fans.
It was also 1 hour 45 mins too long . Should have stayed with the guardians.
There could be a good movie in here somewhere. There's some brilliant stylistic scenes- the shadow planet, with the blue highlights from Thor's lightning springs to mind. They just needed a few bloody good edits and you could have had it down. I like the idea of the ending- Thor looking for that love he had with Jane, and paying it forward by essentially channelling that love into becoming a dad. It's just that it was so sloppily done it didn't fit the barely-tangible themes and ended up ringing hollow. Gorr is another wasted character- he is well acted but has nothing to really go on. And it could have been great- what DOES it mean to be a god in the MCUniverse? What responsibilities are there? If only someone could have given this film the reining in and trimming down and streamlining, it could have been an excellent film build up from its predecessor- sorely needed in the MCU nowadays.
When is Marvel going to watch this and decide to hire the Drinker. I think I might actually watch a Marvel movie again if the Drinker helps write or direct it.
We have achieved peak comic book movie. The only remaining question is: Which genre takes the top spot for the next decade or two?
👍
Thor: Woke & Blunder  😴  👎  😧  🚫
For the love of God, do something about these bots YouTube!
Taika is kinda of guy that like to build sand castle and destroy it himself
Perfect, astute understanding . Also blame rests solely on the senior executive franchise team who are killing the goose with marvel.
I actually fell asleep about thirty minutes into it. I will not be finishing it.
After seeing how terrible the movie was I went and read the actual Gorr comic arc and man….I have to say I felt even more disappointed after seeing what this movie could’ve been. Edit: given the entire multiverse arc they could’ve easily included multiple versions of thor to match the comic
The sad thing is.. Waititi is actually a great movie writer. He has written jojo rabbit, hunt for the wilder people and boy. Three movies that KNOW when to take itself seriously whilst still having that "taikaness" to it. I feel like it had to be ego to produce such a shit filim. Finally made it big in hollywood and all care went out the window
Plain and simple.  No Loki, no likey!
I'd rather watch a scene comparison between deadpool and thor. Deadpool shoves in jokes even in serious moments, and yet it works. Why does it?
I feel that if he was given a new side project to be his project and have some oversight to keep consistency with the rest of the MCU, if that even matters anymore with how things are, that it could be a great thing. There are aspects of the movie that were great, there's just the biggest issue for me being the way Thor's been tossed around and his character being so mistreated creatively that made this project a problem from the start. Give him some side series like Loki that can be it's own type of strange.
I like how Drinker provides a list of useful scene categories, and also shits on movies that use these categories to good effect.
I'm not a huge Marvel guy, although I've enjoyed most. Ragnarok struck a great balance between superhero drama, 80's neon flair and comedy.... but this was just, boring. I've had enough of Waititi's schtick now, put a leash on the guy.
It's funny because Taika is an executive producer for Reservation Dogs it's a really good show and it shows he's clearly capable of more intense moments in movies. Why he handled love and thunder the way he did just blows my mind.
It seems Marvel nowadays either over interfere or don't interfere enough.  What is going on?
Jesus Christ, I had the playback speed set at 125% when I opened this...figured the drinker had given up whiskey in favor of stimulants
how does MM have a career? ive never seen her entertaining or even half decent in ANYTHING.
Melissa McCarthy is a female comedian in the Rosie O'Donnell mold.
What a waste. Don't think I'll watch it.
Of course that shit theater doing a Thor Ragnarok play not for Loki's amusement but for tourists just had to get fucking Melissa McCarthy to play Hela for extra piss take. PS: I feel bad for Sam Neil.
The best thing about this movie is the poster.
i glad i did not see any marvel movie after avengers 4
Based on this, I’d never believe Taika did akira 😮
It has cool, retro, badass, and adult scenes and story moment, but then one moment later its the literal opposite, and on and on...  This is among a few reasona why this movie and others since the woke era suck ass....
Movie would have been a masterpiece if director of RRR had directed it.
For Thor 5 i really hope they bring one of the GoW writers,to make sure it is enjoyable and serious
Critical complainer lol. 99percent of modern movies suck I won't disagree with you there. I'm just kinda done with all of it. The crap movies and the people who complain about the crap movies. I had fun watching your videos for a while but it's time I go . Maybe I'll see you again someday.
Marvel is just more of a gd chore to watch, watching love and thunder is like doing insulation in 110 degree weather for 12 hours straight UNPAID, except with insulation, you actually accomplish something.
So I guess the main issue is Disney letting directors have full control over Marvel movies, rather than keeping them in check by making them follow a story.
I remember watching the intro bit of the movie thinking “when is this bit going to end”. Then 20-30 minutes in I realized “oh it’s not going to end, this is the whole movie.” Then I stopped watching.
I started this movie. And even with Christian bale being the beginning part it felt so much like a trip that disinterested me so much. Poor mcu. I remember infinity war came out and I would’ve killed to see it I begged my gpa to take me. Now I couldn’t care less
Marvel murio hace rato ya
Hot take: every Thor movie has been bad especially ragnarok and love & thunder
What we do in the Shadows film and tv show are excellent and Taika gets all the credit, yet Jermaine is working on them along side him, which is telling.
This is secondary, but the scene also completely took the piss and steam out of Hela, a genuinely intimidating and effective antagonist. Not even she survived this movie.
I was dissapointed by this. I Was a hardcore fan. I spent 7 hours in the cinema for Endgame....
Disney plus was on 1.99 for 30 days and I still feel ripped off. That's an achievement in itself too. Congratulations Disney the only thing I enjoyed are the old movies you made plus the movies you bought. Please wait at least a year for another 1.99 offer. It will take a year to overcome that 1.99 is still way to expensive for what you offer.
I'm looking at the thumbnail and realize how right I was on not watching it.
I’m only 30 seconds in and I’m laughing my ass off at what im seeing. Did Thor just do a flying-twirling, slo mo backflip ? LOL
If getting to the centre of the Universe to have a wish granted was so well known, why did Thanos spend years searching the Galaxy for the Infinity Gems? And even if he didn't, why didn't Thor just use the Rainbow Bridge he had anyway to wish away what Thanos did with the gems?  Why did Mjolnir pick Jane Foster to 'Thor up' when it knew the cancer would kill her and run the risk of her ex-love being distracted in a mission to save all the gods? Why didn't it just pick Darcy? The hammer can do whatever it wants to anyway.  Why was Thor suddenly able to power up a bunch of kids into unstoppable killing machines? Why couldn't he do that with the Avengers at the Battle of Wakanda? Or even just the Wakandan soldiers?  Why is Thor's character arc up to this point, one that just sees him as a bumbling idiot?  Why, with the God Butcher running round, did no gods seem in actual danger?  This film was asking things from its audience that it did not earn.
That scene from ragnorok sucks too
You lost me when pooped on Melissa McCarthy! 😔
This has to be a contender for "Best Cast in Worst Movie" ever.
Fuking hate cancer story lines unless your specifically watching a film about someone trying to home their children while dieing of cancer. Fuking Disney.
Phase 4 is like a parody movies of previous marvel movies
Too many women and black people id assume 🤣
Thor: l&t was the perfect example of what happens when an narcissistic writer is also fueled by drugs and alcohol. He just thew in what the top dogs said needed to be in their, rushed those scenes, then went back to his intoxicated ramblings of how great he is. Ragnarok tirned out as well as it did not because of his direction but because it had to heavily tie into what already existed and it was written by someone that was coherent and competent.
Oh my. Is that TL&T? I hadn't even seen clips of it. Man, that is really crappy CGI.
Another terrible thing that's become common in phase 4 is it seems like no one cares about overall continuity or making things fit in with what came before. In Thor 4 he goes to the gods and Zeus to help defeat Gorr, or at least use their power to do it himself. Why didn't he do this with Thanos?? You'd think he'd at least bring up the idea of going to the gods for help. Same thing happens in Doctor Strange 2 with the Book of Eshante which can "destroy ANY ENEMY", again, why didn't Strange or Wong bring this up before?? Not to mention all the secret organizations introduced like the TVA, Drago, Ten Rings, Eternals and we're about to get the Atlanteans. None of these came up before or interacted with each other, despite multiple groups seemingly controlling the world from the shadows. It's just ridiculous at this point
A man who is starting to buy into his own hype is the perfect description of Waititi
Whoever decided that abomination of a land whale called that fat Schumer to be stuffed into a marvel villain costume deserves to be fired.
Was Melissa McCarthy ever funny?  She's fat.  Don't you get it?
Bridesmaids was funny and Melissa Mcarthy was in it. I'm not saying she's funny, just you did ask. That was a while back.
This film would be great...if it was written so...GOOFBALL!
I loved Melissa Mcarthy in the Hangover and a couple of other movies but that’s probably it.
I cant believe chris starred this one Its absolutly stupid
Your criticism of Waititi directing being a child in a candy store isn't that what people like you drinker ask of Marvel Studios? Let the directors have an original vision and be less marvel cookie cutter? They gave him full creative control directing. Just like Warner Bros did with Reeves for The Batman and Paramount did for Tom Cruise for Top Gun Maverick (I know Cruise wasn't the director but he was the boss on set we all know that from behind the scenes rants to crew and deservedly so)
6:55 WTF is that? Baby armor?
.. if Thor is 1500 years old then why is he so intrigued by Earth and Earth culture?
Nice videooooooo
good job drinkr. well put
It was trash and that scene at the end with the kids was so cringe.
Says a lot when I cant even remember that scene from love and thunder
Have u seen "sardar udham" Movie???available on Amazon Prime....  If not... Then wat are you waiting for.... I can tell you about this movie.. Dat u can't sleep few nights after watching this movie......
the writing objective is singular from hwood - gaslighting. That it. that's all. mind fk the slaves into slaves and take cash off the top.
I downloaded this movie for free and I still felt like I was cheated.
I liked it
I can't believe how many jokes they managed to fit into a movie about your ex dying of cancer
I couldn’t finish this film. I stopped watching after 40 minutes.  Taika’s humour killed it. I found it difficult to take the story seriously. It was so ironic and sarcastic that eventually it felt like I was being mocked as a fan. I understand that humour is part of the marvel landscape, but in love and thunder it was beyond excessive and self indulgent.  Taika has become obsessed with himself and his New Zealand accent. This marvel is unrecognisable from the one I grew up with.
taka watitty and his stupid voice narrating the whole movie - what a trash director - ends the movie with a buncha kids fighting monsters - horrible - waste of the legend actor Christian Bale
This was strike two for me quitting my viewing of LnT. I could tolerate Ragnarök, but this one had to hit the bin after around 40 minutes in. Actually awful.
Thor L&T looks more like a parody than an actual Thor movie. Glad to hear the director wont be directing any further marvel movies. He can take his woke crap elsewhere.
I started love and thunder again and first 25 mins I really want to download movie and cut and edit it. It be around hour or hour and 10 movie but I could make it flow really well! Even how it starts and cut a lot of fat out. Love Christian bale in this and actually Jane story is pretty good. But thor and asguard and all the gods are a walking joke
McCarthy was hilarious as Press Sec Sean Spicy. I stopped paying attention to SNL when they retired that character with one of Alec's worst Donny impressions. And the make out session between them made me wana vomit.
The first marvel movie I couldn’t finish.   I unsubbed from Disney because of that Socio programming poorly disguised as entertainment
I watched the movie 2 weeks ago and it felt like a long acid trip, next thing you know I blinked and Thor is naked.
The drunkard watches more ‘diney’ plus than disney bloggers
Your argument for it being unneeded retelling goes the same for ragnorak. Who watched the 3rd Thor film but didn't watch the 2nd?
Waaay besides the point, but the outrage monster blew its load on the Ariel casting and subsequently forgot Melissa McCarthy is actually playing Ursula.. There's a reason we don't get to have nice things...
WoW Drinker is Giving a Creative Writing Tutorial which i paid $15 yesterday
The difference taka wrote love and thunder and not ragnarok. Man I miss the tone of the first two Thor movies.
We’re also forgetting that Disney is also the problem. The more their Disney fungus spread through Star Wars and the Marvel MCU the worse things got, progressively.
Honestly, at this point they should make a whole remake of the same movie with the same story, the same actors and characters except the script is better. This film ruined a perfectly good series and if a remake can fix it, i wouldnt mind it at all. Mistakes happen but what matters is how we fix them. if they just put out a part 5 after this, the hopes will be low and it wont fix the continuity mistakes this movie made nor the character of thor which is basically a joke now. I had become a fan of Taika tbh when i watched ragnarok and was so looking forward to this film but it just didnt feel good at any point except some of the fight between thor and gorr. The lack of gorr the god butcher butchering some gods was also a major setback for me. I hope they fix it somehow.
melissa mccarthy is fat, that is funny
could this be a natalie port-person?
This could have been the best Thor movie to date, heck, even the best Marvel movie of recent years just because Bale is the villain. I was utterly dissapointed. Taika should keep to making WWDITS.
I used to love Taika, I've watched hunt for the wilder people and boy like half a dozen times. But he totally fked Thor and more directors need to be held accountable, when they tank a popular franchise.
Why is the MCU turning to comedy now?  F4 has comedy writers now and She-Hulk is part of that franchise so it’s going to be garbage.  It’s like they are trying to make PG-13 Deadpool movies.  But why?
Only thing I didn’t like was the female Thor. I thought the movie overall was alright though
In the words of one of my favorite movie villains of all time, this movie was very "MEDIOCRE!"
This channel is where I go for movie reviews. Every minute well spent
Eh this was one of the few things in this movie I laughed at. I get tired of ppl sh*tting on call backs yet some these same ppl love Deadpool 2 as if it not the exact same movie as Deadpool 1. Just an example
Feige lost the plot - unthinkable 5 years ago but basing films on 'Marvel now', which had already been soundly rejected by fans, is just insanity. I get it - 'audience development', but the fundamental misunderstanding that all the entertainment industry seems to have is that the other demographics they're after got ibto that whole 'nerd/geek' thing THROUGH existing fans - the boyfriend, the Dad, the guy they fancied at school - turn them off the product and not only do you not have that anymore, you have then ACTIVELY working against you. Stupid. Do you think any father is encouraging their daughter to -  for example -  watch 'She Hulk' - which appears currently to be written by female incels?
I love these! I'm really glad I found this channel it's hard to find people who actually get why a movie or scene doesn't work.
I genuinely hope they see all the criticism and actually try to make things better, back to how things were. Heroes that actually earned their destiny and story arc rather than a copy pasting a comic book character that everybody likes and just plopping them on screen with no depth or interest at all. They didn't earn their spot because the people that want them on screen just thought "Hey, the audience knows this character and they'll love them no matter what story we try to adapt them into right??".
A great breakdown of what makes things work and not work. I think going after just Waititi is a little willfully naïve. He is an accomplished writer and director long before Ragnorok who understands story arcs etc welll. There will have been many external pressures/notes from execs to ramp up the funny and i wouldnt be surprised if the new Theatre scene was a request from teh higher ups.
On the bright side beta ray bill should be coming soon.
One of the major reasons Curse of the Black Pearl was such a great movie was that it was so tightly edited and written. Even the most seemingly pointless action scene was packed with character or world building moments. Shame Disney went from that to just giving a random guy a camera and thinking they can glue something together later.
It's frustrating how bad both Doctor Strange and Thor were this year. The MCU has become complacent and boring after it's incredible success.
I hated that movie the 1st time I watched it and then I read a theory on reddit that completely changed my it changed my point of view on the movie and it goes like this it's like this it's all a goofy bedtime fairytale story told from corg to the kids and other ones listening and even through the movie you'll hear him talking again as hes describing the story and if you realize it's just a goofy story from a retarded rock monster to kids like a scary bedtime story then it makes a lot more sense so with that in mind the 2nd time I watched this shit movie it was actually a lot better and enjoyable they could have simply have put that up as some words in the very beginning saying these all The tales of thor told by a moron to kids as a bedtime story and it would have been a lot easier to understand
To be fair the original Thor Comics did the same thing the mcu does to Norse mythology. Kirby and Stan Lee who I don't think are of Norse or scandanavian heritage and infact I think Kirby was Jewish appropriated Norse mythology to make some flamboyant comics. To be fair they kinda did the same with African cultures with Black Panther. But it was the 60's so they get a pass. Keep it groovy baby
And don't forget the descent into stupidity of Thor, had a character development arc, just to be made fun as a goofy sometimes funny kinda god of thunder
I never realized it was matt damon 🤣🤣🤣
Not only didn’t the script appear to be written by a 12yo, but the actors seemed to treat it like they were perferoming for 6yos.
I was so hyped for this movie ever since It was announced but I will tell you I was very disappointed. All the jokes made it hard to sit there and actually enjoy the movie
8:18 Gilmore Girls and that is it.
That wasn't random overweight American actor playing Hel?  Huh.  Well could have fooled me.  (And did)
Mellisa Mcarthy was one of the best things of Gilmore Girls. Not sure what happened. Everything I’ve seen outside of that show, with her is awful.
I'll give this movie a wide berth.
So Taika without oversight is just like Neil Druckmann, one terrible idea after another.
I enjoyed it on first viewing.... But holy shit!! After watching it a second time I could start seeing the many writing errors. There's so much that doesn't make sense. Plus they turned the gorr the god butcher story into a complete joke. Just imagine how good it could be if it had a tone more similar to the boys or something
Its was fun... Didnt suck at all...
Only now i learn it was Matt Damon.    mAtt DAmOn
I love this guy's "Go away now"
I don't understand how anyone took that large belly-up, dead spider on Jolie's head seriously.
im usually with you, but this movie is great ,but you might concinve... who knows the cinema i saw this in, the  entire crowd lost their shit when melissa popped in, that was great times
"I'm gonna destroy your mythology in a minute baby" - taika waititi  ( and he did )
I love the Thor character and actor but this movie was so dumb
Listening to your character description of "Loki" from the last movie and I thought you were talking about Amber Heard......
It's hard to believe that the man that brought us Hunt For The Wilderpeople is serving up crap like this. But here we are.
Waititi and Disney-Marvel shat the bed with Ragnarok too. It has little to do with its source material, the Norse end of days mythology, and specifically Walter Simonson's classic Ragnarok story arc from the comic book. It destroys nearly all of Thor's supporting cast (The Warriors Three and Sif) and makes Hela into a one-dimensional joke of a villain. Thor himself is turned into a buffoon as the movie stupidly detours into a storyline inspired by a Hulk comic. Thor: Ragnarok is a sloppy, unfunny mess. The character deserved better. What a waste.
He should take that Luffy Bounty Poster short off.
It could be worse. We could see JJ Abrams write and direct Thor 5. It's like Taika became his character in "Free Guy".
This just goes to validate my theory that some of the most memorable movies in American Cinema are that way because of hard limitations on the creative team that required talent and imagination to overcome. In Jaws the mechanical shark broke down constantly so Spielberg had to dip into Hitchcock level movie making tricks to build suspense. The wrath of Khan had a fraction of the budget that Star Trek the motion picture had because the lack of oversight on the original movie gave Gene Roddenberry the chance to make what amounts to being a bloated mess.
I loved it
Still better than the last 3 or 4
It's was pretty bad and they butchered Gorr. Been waiting on a version of the God Butcher but definitely not this version.
But in Ragnarok a simple line of dialogue could've conveyed everything as well. Just having Odin lounging eating grapes and Thor commit to the same action as before knowing it's his brother would've served the same purpose. The difference is both scenes provide exposition in the form of a gag. In ragnorak it tells the audience what happened to Loki at the end of Dark World. Love and Thunder does the same but about how the hammer broke into pieces
Almost as if all the good hollywood film makers have headed for the hills or something, the movies are just so bad now.
4: Show flashy CGI because "exciting".
7:30 that right there reminded me of an article about Disney attempting to trademark the name Loki. Just show how money hungry the conpany is.
I refuse to watch any of the super hero films
Why do you end every sentence like an autistic dad disciplining his non autistic son?
For me this movie was genuinely worse than she hulk
The transition from good Marvel to bad Marvel was Avengers Endgame. I left that movie thinking "Finally, thank God it's over." What I really wanted was leaving that film thinking "Aww, why did it have to be over?" Writers of modern movies nowadays were all the kids in high school who flunked out of English class and went to Hollywood. They learned nothing, and it shows.
Thor went the same way as 90’s Batman.  They made two movies. First one was ok. Second one, not so much. Then they brought in a new director and writer to make it “funnier” and the third one was campy but humorous, but the fourth one was completely off-the-rails insane with the ideosyncractic humour dialed up to 11.  The only difference is that Batman and Robin actually kind of worked. It didn’t have a bunch of woke crap in it. It was super campy and cheesy, but actually garners laughs. Many legit laughs at its self-aware idiocy and cheese. Thor Love and Thunder, got 1 laugh. Precisely one single laugh. That’s it. It wasn’t really funny at all. It tried REALLY hard to be funny, but it wasn’t.
This is why I hate the opening of Wonder Woman 84. We were told that it sets up the whole "don't take shortcuts", but what shortcut did Diana take? She was knocked of her horse and , like a good horse that knows what it is supposed to do, kept running the race. She needed to get back on the horse which I can only assume is the need for a horse in the first place. Doing this caused her to miss a checkpoint. Yes, missing a checkpoint would be cause for disqualification but she didn't take a shortcut. She did what was needed to get back on the required horse. Therefore, the entire "point" of that scene is pointless. For example: LIfe- Ha ha, I knocked you down and now you've lost. Person- Well, I am going to pick myself up and push forward. Life- But.......... that's against the rules. Does this make sense to anyone.......that isn't psychotic?
This movie will go down in history as, Taika Waititi's - Thor, Love and Blunder.
It is indeed a terrible movie, a cross between Police Academy and the Thunderbirds. It sucks.
He did the Thor with the director of Wonder woman did to that franchise
I forgot this scene even existed and I just watched the movie a month ago… but i remember the Ragnarok scene even though I haven’t seen that movie in a few years. I guess that could be a good indicator of writing quality too
I really liked Taika. After watching a few Interviews with him before the release of this movie I noticed something. He was “jokingly” “humble bragging” about his Oscar and Grammy. It put me off and I began to see his ego. He is a funny guy and likable so i didn’t like seeing it. After this movie though, you can totally see he let the fame and success go to his head.
Well done Mr. drinker.
I came to hear Sam Neil shout in horror 🙌
After hearing my daughter talk about this movie during the spring and summer we finally got to see it at a drive in. She’s a huge MCU fan, so I obliged.   She hated it, and was like “wtf is this movie?” The foreign exchange student with us fell asleep 10 minutes after the start… My wife was on her phone the whole time.   These MCU movies suck so bad.
This movie added nothing to Thor except stupidity and more humiliation
I saw this coming with ragnorak, this guy is a joke and turns everything into a joke, for everybody that gave a pass to ragnorak, this is what we are left with. Both movies was ass sorry
It was horrible.
This movie is just a half-assed parody of itself.  Too dumb for the serious facets of its plot, but not committing to it enough to be, like, truly funny, whatever that would look like with a main character dying from cancer.  Just, eh. Nothing to see here.
1. Character Development: the scene in love and thunder develops Valkyrie's characters. She as king has commissioned this play for tourists. And when matched with previous scenes it helps inform the audience of how shallow and sanitized Asgard is and why she wants to join Thor for a real exciting adventure leaving her kingdom to save the kids.  2. Moves the Plot Along: directly from this scene we then see tourists visit the hammer and before we saw much of New Asgard so plot wise this tells us the audience Jane is in New Asgard as a tourist which was set up earlier and we see her afterwards with the group looking at the remennts of mjolnir.   3. World building: Again the former great super power Asgard is now a tourist trap a shallow and hollow but more grounded and commoner version it's grand operatic self. Also implies that theater is a common past time in New Asgard and not just for Loki's narssasistic enjoyment but that Asgard likes having these plays. Also tells us the audience what happens before in ragnorak a bit   Bonus if funny- This is subjective and depends on the person. I thought it was funny maybe drinker didn't. Some people think Seth Rogen is funny or jackass others do not. Meh to each their own
Something i hate in all kinds of story telling is inefficient story telling, just as how i dont wana sit and hear about that fish you caught when i was promised the story of how you came to become an taxidermist, and i dont wana read an improv wiki article about ropes in the book about wizards with swords, i dont wana see an unnecessary recap of the other movie in this one.
The movie was WEAK, NOT DISASTROUS:p
Even Ragnarok wasn't very good in my opinion.  Had jokes sure, but it wasted good stories from the comics that could have been their own good movies.
Also, the scene from ragnarok is telling you right from the start something is wrong, because there had to be somone in the dark planet to know what happened, hinting at loki surviving.  The scene in love and thunder makes no sense, because there was no one else arround save for the brothers, hela ans odin, how in hell would they know the exact way stuff happened in the movie?  Also fk mcharty.
I watched this in x3 speed because it was so incredibly boring. It felt like an SNL sketch throughout....and by that I mean it was NOT remotely funny even if the goal was comedy
As a fan of Taika Waititi, it was disheartening watching Thor Love and Thunder. He has talent, What we Do in The Shadows and its TV show are entertaining. I think its a George Lucas situation, he needs a handler.
Much better than Open Bar 👎🏽too many people I don’t know
Thor live and thunder is gonna age even more horribly after God of war: Ragnarok comes out!
I loved it! First Marvel film I've enjoyed.
I thought Melissa McCarthy was very funny in Spy, but that's about it
Christian Bale was wasted on this spoof film, f***'a sake even a porn parody has more respect to its source material over this!
A joke is never as funny the second time. Taika may want to learn that one
watched the movie at cinema with my friend and had tons of fun but i almost remember nothing about this movie now so it sux
Cheers CD, haven’t seen this yet but just the vibe it was underwhelming
Hey, Woke-Titty ….. The fans will destroy your zeitgeist in a minute, baby !
9:14 Wait, is Taika wearing a Luffy sweater?
I went into this eyes wide open and enjoyed it for the ludicrous shitshow it is. I laughed all the way through. Rule of thumb is don't take things too seriously or you will always be disappointed.
I couldn’t believe how bad this film was 😢 Kenneth Branagh must have sh*t on his remote watching this…. 🫣
Christian Bale was a great and unexpected surprise. Melissa McCarthy cameo was short, stupid and nothing to get worked up about.   Jane dies....aren't yall supposed to be happy about that?    Who was playing Fake Thor?
What did you think of the God butcher and the performance of his actor tho?
What's missing here: Steven Seagal.
It's literally in love and thunder for mouth breathers to go "omg Dat was in ragnarok" *seal clapping ensues*
I don't think They understand most if us enjoyed phase1&2 so much we watched most movies twice to 3 times... 1 with the kids, a date, and a group of friends... and that's where alot of these numbers come from..if none of us care to go back to take a 2nd look.... the numbers will look like dookie in a month or 2 for sure!.. I watched Deadpool atleast 3 times in the theatre alone.. and another 2 outside the box office.. and a couple times on Netflix... I basically watched Deadpool more times then I can keep track... and watched Thor once!... and have no desire to watch it again..  compared to Darkworld..I can easily skip seeing Thor do the splits... no thanx!
just excessively cheesy for a thor movie. not giving justice to lady thors first appearsnce.
Mr. Jordan, are you laboring under the delusion that modern Hollywood is capable of learning?
Knew this movie was going to be bad before it even came out.  what makes me angry is that it came out on my birthday and every time my birthday comes I won't think hey this was the day I was born, or, I wonder what cake I'll get, no no this day shall forever be remembered as the day this absolute dog s*** movie came out
Taika Waititi is the new Tim Burton, without supervision it's just a video clips mess
I really liked it. Second favorite thor movie
I’m honestly glad that this movie has made millions of MCU fans actually noticed the amount of forced humor in these movies. Honestly I’m confused why it took this long for people to notice
Guys for real, Taika dont write a s.itty movie for 15 years, my bet is that he write script , BUT  the corporate make him reshoot everything for worse so he stop care. Just look on Zeus unused scene you get the idea.
Taika is very much like Lucas. Talented and creative, however lacking in control and discipline. The original trilogy would have been long forgotten if not for the people telling him "No you can't do that" and the skills in editing of Marcia Lucas.
I hated how overpowered Thor was and how horrible and easily defeated the minor enemies were.
One of the most overrated directors of all time
Marvel is on a mission to Assassinate every single member of the established cast as much as possible first Iron man was killed off and captain America, Part 2 pretty much killed Thor as being a competent character, Doctor Strange was made to be an idiot in into the multiverse, Loki got his own show to be assassinated in, She Hulk is doing a good job of killing Hulk. Who needs the characters we grew to love over many movies when we have strong perfect female protagonists with the charisma of dish soap and the likability of Cardboard.
DC and Marvel have really shat the bed when It comes to consistently crafting good stories around the most beloved and iconic comic book characters..that, is REALLY sad...😔
Taika even said this movie was ridiculous and like it was thrown together by a 5 year old. That was a red flag.
rofl!!!! the movie was fun. wtf is wrong with the incels now? you guys just cant enjoy anything now can you? it must really suck being you. and this is coming from a 40+ year comic fan lol. no clue why youd expect anything to follow the comics at this point unless you just need something to whine about.
Talk about loving the sound of his own voice, he killed off his own character but let the mouth survive 🫥
The funniest part of the whole scene was seeing that Darryl had become a tour guide. The rest sadly was just a classic case of "they loved that in the last film, let's do it again but longer" the whole film felt like it had such promise but was way too rushed and so poorly written, paced and edited.
Am I the only one who wouldn't mind the directors cut even tho it's 4 hrs long?
This movie was pointless.
thor love and MEH
I was so hyped after the first 10minutes I fell hard
For me Thor died in Endgame...
M,SHE,Us Marvels Phase BORE 😅
Reminds me of that 1 DC movie where the director had full control of the sequel, and we all know how that went.
exactly what I felt, i watched this movie while forwarding stuff like this, I actually thought that No there should be something.. but nothing at all, I'm not into basic comedy and it wasn't it either and they basically showed 2 mins of last movie.. it's whole 2-3 mins of new movie. think if every movie start giving such recaps. People who care will watch last movie, there should not be recaps like this in a new movie, looks like lazy writing and consuming time... wasting time.
Here you go CD.  https://youtu.be/O1IfV8LWNws  😁😁😁😁😁
For those who want Melissa McCarthy to just go away, don't count on it. She's going to be Ursula in the Little Mermaid Remake. Can't wait to see how she will butcher that iconic role.
Melissa McCarthy was funny in "This is 40".
To be honest, I don’t think this movie was made with the intent of being a super serious movie. It was definitely meant to be a silly comedy, and even though it is over-the-top at some points, I overall enjoyed it, even if the movie wasn’t great. Maybe it’s just because I love Chris Hemsworth as Thor, and was just happy to see a MCU Legacy character after all the garbage that Disney has been giving us with the TV shows lately
Something that's severely underappreciated about Ragnarok's """"""Odin"""""" is that Anthony Hopkins was completely on-point in playing Loki-playing-Odin and somehow managed to make Loki even funnier than Tom Hiddleston can at times
Imagine complaining about a movie when you'll never have the change to work along side these wonderful celebrities
They underutilized a great villain played by a brilliant actor 🤦‍♂
Never seen movie See thumbnail  WTF
To be honest, I saw the first Thor movie then got the hell out of dodge😕
Taika thinks he is funny  So many people have “yes-manned” their way into making him think he is actually a comedic genius   No one had the balls to say “no taika, goats screaming every two minutes isn’t funny it’s stupid”  The way Chris described working with him somewhat shows it’s an immature and toxic environment with taika
I'm not sure if I want to watch this movie or not. My time could probably be put to better use. That's my comment. I'll go away now
The fact that Taika Waititi can make outstanding movies like JoJo Rabbit than this shit is so baffling to me. I wonder if it was entirely his fault that this movie was so bad, or executives thinking only about brain dead marvel die hards and their money that they'll throw at any marvel film no matter how outstanding or god awful
Honestly, Thor: Love and Thunder could've been a hell of a lot worse if Taika & the writers chose to kill off Thor and have Jane replace him permanently. Thank goodness that didn't happen... yet.
Comment on the Twerking
The worst part is that, this theater scene has it's place in this movie right in the beginning,  instead of just showing that stone face telling the story for kids they could've re used the theater idea.
You should check out Barbarian, this new horror movie. Get ready to drink king, you'll need flask in hand for it
Phase 4 is so unbelievably bad...
Personally Thor Ragnarok is my 2nd most favourite marvel movie, only beaten by Iron Man 1, but i think thats only because of the impact.  The multiverse saga movies have been complete trash. Unwatchable crap, just like she hulk.
I also love how at the end of the scene, the dialogue between Thor and Loki was the same as in The Dark World, and the only person other than Thor who would know this dialogue, as well as being the only other person present for the scene, was Loki himself.
THOR LOVE & JOKES
Taika Waititi remembers me a lot of Dan Aykroyd, an unweilding creative force but with no control, thats when Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis entered to make sense of the creativity... what happen when you dont have that voices of control? you have "nothing but trouble"
Melissa McCarthy is only in showbiz because she's got a famous cousin, she's never been funny. Her cousin isn't even funny. Basically if Melissa McCarthy is in it, it's going to bomb.
2:50 this idea was stolen from game of thrones
It didn't suck...
They could seriously begin Thor 5 with Thor waking up next to Jane and saying, "I had the dumbest dream..." and thereby permanently omitting Love & Thunder from the MCU and I'd be like, "Works for me."
Got an interesting tv show for you to dissect if you haven’tseen it already, it’s called cleaning lady. It seems woke but it completely undermines the point it’s trying to make if it is woke, it’s about an illegal immigrant that moves to the states to enter her son who has an auto-immune disease into an experimental medical trial but keep encountering problems because they’re illegals and by circumstance she winds up working for a mobster as his cleaner because she witnesses a murder and volunteers to clean to save her life. It tries to be sympathetic to her cause and the TSA is portrayed as the devil incarnate but she is the cause of her own downfall at almost every turn. Weird thing is I do like it but I think it’s for the wrong reasons.
Any chance of a review on the classic air force one??
In my opinion, the reenactment of Ragnarok scene in Thor IV is a great example of how last week's She-Hulk episode felt comedy wise.  While I've enjoyed She-Hulk so far, the series is not the sitcom it's trying to be. (I'm actually rooting for Titania now)
Funny Thor isn't funny anymore, what they did to Zeus was an insult and the movie was just plain boring.
Thor Hulk  Hawkeye Ironman are all women if Black Panther is a girl I'm done🙊🤡💩
The sad thing is Love and Thunder had so much potential, I hated the idea until I saw it and then found that the thing I hated most was actually pretty good basically the whole Jane Foster dieing of cancer arc but the disjointed ness of the story was just to much to overcome.
Erm…. It has a lot of cringy moments, true, but I actually found the movie funny and entertaining. Far more than the first couple of Thor movies.  I would erase the “girl power” moments and the Saturday afternoon movie scenes where children become the heroes somehow. What is this? Air Bud?
The movie making 700mil is gonna make your opinion null and void unfortunately..they will see the profits as an okay for more trash.
I liked the first part of the movie except Gor because it felt like director didn't give a fuck and it felt almost Suda51. Then it was boring going to Zeus and ending I don't even remember now
You've clocked on that when you put women in the thumbnail, you make more money. 😉
AY UP DRINKER
Was the fat audience member GRR Martin or Chis Claremont? Neither?...Both?
This movie is not that bad. It’s better than ragnarok, that movie drags so bad
I do so love a comparison scene!
I legitimately thought the thumbnail was photo shopped. I'll never watch any m she u garbage again.  Honestly, even with all the comedy you add im getting tired of even hearing about them 🤣🤣
Funny that there are black people in asgard but no white people in wakanda
It was actually a really good movie when you focus on the misplaced trust and devotion as opposed by love and honor and sacrifice.
Snore: Shove & Chunder.
I wouldn't say it was the worst thing I've seen. I found it ok. That being said the amount of money budgeted for it way exceeds that of much better movies that were written much more competently. I would put in on par with Ice Pirates starring Robert Ulrick and I loved that movie which was excellent for what it was and with like single degit % of the budget. Now that's telling
I enjoyed the movie, was expecting it to be bad due to reviews but I had a good time watching. Helps I didn't take it seriously and enjoy Taika's humour
did you like the new the boys season?
At least we had the “infinity saga “…. At this point, the MCU is unwatchable for me. It needs to “get help”…
This is what I've been needing
Idk I never found Taika funny or his works.
It's also up to the people to start having some critical sense and perhaps stop gobbling any crap hat the MCU makes.
I get the feeling I won't lose anything by skipping this
He put too much jokes into the movie that it made me feel like Im being forced to laugh…
Still, I cant help but love the scene where Thor empowers the kids. On first watch my inner child felt that godly power, like I could succeed in battle. Then the adult world reminded me he basically recruited child soldiers, and I agree, very problematic. Still, just for a moment, I felt the power of Thor, like I could do anything
Seeing Taika laughing at the cgi was pretty much the kid sitting on a plastic chair stack laughing at the other kids
There is too much damn power in 616. I’d rather be dead than to live on 616. Hail Thanos lol
American Vicking  4
"planted the seeds in the minds of the audience" - Oh Drinker, how brave of you to assume Marvel  fans still have functioning minds !!
This is badass 🙏
Review Cyberpunk Edgerunners
I suppose it playing in the background, as an example of how Asgard is a tacky tourist trap, while Jane looks at the pieces of Mjölnir would have been enough. But they really wanted to show off those cameos.
Marvel does it a lot. Does something right for the first time which works in every way possible, and tries to replicate in another movie as a funny reference only. The more movies they make the more they are filled with these and all we have in the end is empty jokes
9:18 he needs to take more Ritalin
As soon as I saw Melissa I just cringed
Waika taititi gets too much credit for ragnarok, it was a shit movie too. I'm not even going to bother watching love n chunder. The MCU is dead
That was incredibly insightful
Simple, one second answer: Taika Waititi directed it.   The only good thing that came out of this movie is that it exposed that talentless one trick pony for what he is. He certainly does lack in creativity and ideas. It’s why every single character in every movie is essentially the same dumbass caricature, because that’s all he knows how to write, even if it makes no sense for the character (like leading astrophysics expert Jane Foster).   His intellect and maturity quit growing at around the age of 10, and it shows both in his trash and his interviews.
I noticed a parellel with James Gunn and The Suicide Squad. He was given full reign to do his own thing in that movie, and it was a simliar kind of mess with juvenile humor that missed that mark and plot that was rambling and tiresome. Both directors seem to work better when they are kept in check and have some external quality control.
The whole Stormbreaker getting mad at Thor because of Mjolnir was horrible.
Spy was funny including McCarthy.
Drinker. Would you consider play god of war PS4?
I agree with a lot of your takes, but I also  believe you’re sort of a misogynist. I don’t have a problem with a conservative film critic, I don’t see why it matters what your political bent is, but you consistently criticize women in movies.While I agree that Hollywood is overcompensating right now for the sins of previous generations, I don’t think all of your criticisms are warranted, and I’m worried that you may be getting closer to becoming one of the sexist internet trolls. I’ve been wanting to say something for a long time, and I’m fully aware this comment will be received poorly by your fans (of which I still count myself) but I feel like it needs to be talked about.
I actually fell asleep in the theater and had to wait until it showed on Disney+ to watch the second half.
Gorr is such a badass character with such a good cast, such a shame he got THIS
Tonka Whydiddy is a fool, exactly as you said. He drank his own koolaid and here we are. The real blame lies with Feige tho, thats the real issue imho
Thor five... ? Jesus...
To be honest, the fight between thor and gorr was just like two humans fighting, that's not what real super strength look like, I don't think thor has punched his enemies and it sent them flying in movies, not even thanos, not even hela, doomsday is just as same size if not bigger than thanos as thor has ALMOST same level strength as supes and as supes has sent doomsday flying with a fist as you all saw in BvS, sent steppenwolf flying in ZSJL, now the fight between supes and zod in MOS is what I call super strength (would've been nice if it was done with thor in ragnarok thor vs hela) and the fight between supes and doomsday ( also nice if it was done with thor vs thanos in both infinity war and endgame) thank you.
The ‘script’ was like all the actors just said what they thought at the time then the movie was built around them..and decision making on what scenes to be used was awful! The laughing goats as the same joke throughout the movie and every other line as a joke was cringe and insufferable.
Myself and many others find Thor: Ragnarok to be made of the same cloth as Thor: Love and Thunder. The scene which the Drinker claims is "better" actually ruins the character of Loki. The guy finally has the power he's been dreaming of wielding and he's using it for self-indulgent plays and eating grapes. Color me unimpressed. It suddenly turns Loki into a gag character who was never really a serious threat. On top of that it's abysmal world building. The Asgardians have no stake in the fact their all-powerful king is missing and they've been ruled by a phony for whoever knows how long. The scene is nothing more than a lazy way to move on from the ending of The Dark World so that Taika can focus on his reimaging of the characters and move on to a story he would rather tell. Nothing remotely good about this at all.
Harry S Drinkett
Can someone explain why there is an overflow of bots commenting on other peoples YouTube comments? It’s getting out of hand, especially with the Drinker’s videos.
Awesome video….sometimes I think you’re a miserable git, BUT you’ve hit the nail on the head…an absolute bloody bullseye in the middle of Taika’s forehead. Someone send him the link… as from this showing I don’t want to see him make another self indulgent wankfest
Takes a special level of "confidence" to assume you could do it better.
At one point, they wanted this guy to do a SW film.  Just imagine the chaos that would have created.
the biggest crime this movie made is underutilize Christian Bale as a villain
I am just happy Matt Damon played Loki...
The scene sucks just because Melissa McCarthy is in it
Oh hey, this Taika guy has One Piece merch, I wonder if he read the thing, because if he did read it, he'd know a few things about world building and progressing the plot while keeping the story light and funny
I hope he reviews The Samaritan. It’s a good movie
Watching Taika Waititi pulling faces trying his best to be wacky and prancing around like a clown behind the scenes reminds me to a tee of Paul Feig the director of the reboot of Ghostbusters behaving in exactly the same way behind the scenes of that film 5 years ago. Insufferable.
Holy shit, I'd heard the movie was terrible and badly written but they even just recycled the theatre scene?!  As if we needed more evidence of the downfall of the MCU.
Toei is so bad that you have to censor anything One Piece? LOL.
Yea but it has screaming goats. That was pretty cool.
Nah, both sucked.
In a world where a monstrosity like Blac Chyna makes tens of millions in a month, why the hell would they even bother to try at this point?
Y’all need to watch bullet train. Fucking amazing and fun
I'm finding it wierd how every movie OP reviews that I liked to watch prior, he's claiming praise for them. I saw only Ragnarok (and galaxy) and liked it, an here we are.
It was so poorly writen and boring.They have to stop with trying to force comedy on superhero movies.Funny well timed jokes are fine.But trying to make it funny and a joke at the expense of the character no thanks.
There's a Thor 5?  Ugh.
Really insightful! You should do more video like these. Its excellent criticism!
Waititi is not funny or amusing. He should never have been able to make this film. Hemsworths Thor has gone from an interesting, flawed and troubled superhero that's fun and easy to watch, to an absolute joke! Unfortunately fat Thor wasn't as low as he could go
7:00 They need a recap because the average Marvel moviegoer doesn't watch the movies. At least, not enough to remember what happens outside the one-liners. They're the type that says stuff like "it's really good if you turn your brain off and don't think about it" as soon as you start pointing out problems with the movies.
Thor works better as a comedy character, so they turned the whole movie into a joke.
I love the definition of 'scene', that should go into some movie-making instruction manual or something.
Ragnarok also was full of pointless shit and bad jokes. That kinda kill all the comparison you're making and voids this whole video. Except maybe there was difference in the writing, at least Ragnarok was better than this new movie, but being better than shit doesn't mean it's good.
The blurred One Piece shirt lol.
The fact that "King" Valkarie let them put on that play, to me, seems like she was ok letting people see Thor and Loki as wimpy, cry babies.  After everything they all went through in Ragnarok, she allows them to be portrayed like that is crazy and disrespectful.
Bah...THOR Ragnarok sucked and THOR Love and Thunder sucked (Go see the animated Planet HULK for a superior retake)
I will say that Spy with Melissa McCarthy is hilarious, but only because they aknowledge that she is unfit for the job and is highly undertrained, and all her co-stars does an amazing job, Especially Statham, he is the funniest guy in the whole movie.
Great analysis. I'd even go as far to say that Love & Chunder's pantomime act undoes a lot of the weight felt in the original scene.  Odin's passing is one of the few moments in Ragnarok which is played completely straight, appropriate for such a major figure in Norse mythology and the MCU. So for Taika to retrospectively clown on it in the vain attempt of "doing another funny" just feels really stupid.
I liked it better when action moves sacrificed plot for action instead of comedy.
im not of fan of the movie it has its goofy somewhat moments but it needs a lot of work cause it just is a mess. but that part that saddens me most is how they wasted christian bale every seen with him was a breath of fresh air.
Content quality has been down
It's always refreshing to see a big name Youtuber bring up the Marvel vs. Myth issue. Most of the pagan community, myself included, tries to remain good-natured when it comes to the Marvel depiction of Nordic gods. I do appreciate seeing my faith explored and introduced to new people. It doesn't need to be highly accurate or reverent (and, oh boy, it isn't). But recently... well, if we were talking about an Abrahamic religion here there'd at least have been pissed-off people in the street outside of Marvel Headquarters. There'd be calls to cancel such 'n' such and calls to fire so 'n' so. I'm not proposing anything like that but it'd be nice to see that the director consulted with a real life expert (an expert in Nordic myth, a historian, a heathen they met at the gym idc SOMEONE). A little respect goes a long way; instead we get Taika Waititi outright stating that his goal is to achieve the exact opposite.  Obviously, Taika Waititi is in a position to care very little whether I buy or support his work and, as far as I can tell, he blatantly relishes any offense he stands to cause me or any other pagan. Disney, the many-headed monster itself, cares even less and doooon't even get me started on the state of their comics 🤬What I can do- what everyone can do- is decline when I'm asked or expected to buy their garbage. And I do. Though I support the creators who watch it when I won't, who also bring some much-needed attention to the ignorance and disrespect that goes into writing these movies.
Tell me people, how many times have you watched Ragnarok after it went out of theatres? It is a wasted opportunity of great comics. For one, Surtur and the story of the conflict with Odin to bring about Ragnarok; Hela who is always looking to claim Thor's soul. On the other hand, one of the greatest comics in Planet Hulk and the subsequent Hulk World Breaker. All of that is more than enough to know that Commie marvel activists don't know how to adapt stories and that giving full reign to directors like Waititi was a humongous mistake. The MCU ended in Infinity War.
They'll just get someone even worst and woker to direct Thor 5. Disney probably reasoned that love and thunder failed because it wasn't woke enough.
You've not scene what I've scene...
I’m glad you’re still exposing this movie for the rip-off-sham it turned out to be. I hate even the few moments that I enjoyed because it promised more then plunged me back into boredom & frustration at just how fuckin shit it actually was. One Giant Turd of a Movie.
Rings of Power is just like the theater scene in Thor Ragnarök - made by a bunch of narcissists who can't help but distort everything they touch in the name of THEIR TRUTH.
The is a painful movie to watch
I think Taika possesses that awareness, it's just that stepping on Norse heritage isn't part of, "The Message" so he dismisses it and does to it exactly what he complains about in other projects he's involved in (see Reservation Dogs as reference).
dumbest movie ive seen in a while. absolute bore
Where do people keep getting this idea that Tiki Fat-titty understands comedy + is funny. NO. NO HE ISNT. EVER. NEVER HAS BEEN. NEVER WILL BE.
Thor Love and Thunder was a let down, and a waste of Christian bale, on the other hand, my kids love it. speaking of the other hand,   Jeremy Beadle had a small penis but on the other hand was quite big
I don’t consider myself an amazing storyteller but while watching this I definitely felt like my seven year old self could write something more engaging than what Thor Love and Thunder has. Too many things on a screen, every second. Made my brain hurt
The MCU in general struggles with organically writing families and relationships with Phase 4 exasperating this fact. I honestly don't know what's worse:   *Wanda killing numerous people and summoning eldritch abominations just to steal the powers of a kid (killing her) so she can go to an universe where her imaginary children are real, "replace" their mom (more killing) and have multiversal heathcare for them (on yeah neither Vision nor Pietro are present in this universe aka her husband and her brother).  OR  *Thor losing his mom (killed), his dad (old age), his homeland (destroyed), his best friend (killed), his brother (killed) and even his lover (cancer) yet despite the possibly thousands of years of grief ahead of him, he still tries to do the right thing while saving folks yet he constantly just ends up as the literal butt of the "MCU humour".   All things considered at least Thor is by far a better sibling than Wanda (ironic considering Thor and Loki aren't actually related while Wanda and Pietro are twins).
I gave up when they make lady syth losing her arm scene funny.
I go into MCU movies with fairly low expectations in almost every case. This was the first one in a long time where I still managed to be disappointed.
This is the second time you’ve done a scene comparison for movies, and they both contain Melissa Macarthy, . And of course she’s in the lousy version. I wonder what that could mean
And people still say Ragnorock was not canon. XD
I think everyone has had enough of Tonka Tahiti. This movie was just mess. It didn't make any sense to include Jane as a thunder godess as her comic tanked so bad they cancelled it. So why make a movie with that comic in mind? Angela would have been worth seeing, in the comics she was the sister of Thor and Loki. Not Hela. They could have just had her as another sister. Since the comic failed, they made Jane a Valkyrie. I don't think that's doing well either. Thor found himself by Ragnarok and soldiered on in Infinity War. So why reset the guy again? Waste of Endgame and this. Just useless.
Given Taika’s usual good blend of his unique comedy, action and moments that hit emotionally, I still do not understand how he made this film. It’s like it’s made by a completely different person.
brilliant video, man frfr
love and thunder have too much Matt Damon
Taika is like a 3 year old with AdHD who's been been given a red bull, a box of crayons and 200 million to spend.
TW is a talented guy, but yeah, he is part of an effective team, not good on his own. His complacency is starting to show jn What We do in the Shadows also. It's becoming lazy. It was so smart and funny before...this last season did have some good laughs, but a lot of cringe.
What I find genuinely irritating is how they've depicted the Snap after Endgame.   In universe, it was a shudderingly horrific tragedy where lives across the universe disappeared for 5 years. Everything went to hell in between. It should be an extreme taboo to speak of it so flippantly.  I accepted Far From Home to make jokes about it because teenagers love tasteless humour.   When they talk about it at the wedding in Multiverse of Madness, I expected to see the psychological trauma discussed from the perspective of a civilian. It's a joke about someone valuing his cats over his brother.   Then there's Taika "Let's make jokes out of cancer and people losing their home" Waititi. Building an ice cream parlour based on the Infinity Gauntlet is the equivalent of opening a coffeehouse themed around 9/11.
Well spoken and written.
Drinker, you're incisive wit is always a pleasure to experience, but the tragedy of constant let-downs from Hollywood make us hungry for another Drinker Recommends. I nominate In Bruges. The black humor is probably up your alley
I though Taika’s girlfriend was Rita Ora
He's like that annoying kid even knew growing up who said one thing one time that made people laugh then repeated it over and over for years, until the other kids wanted to beat him up every time he said it
I feel like the addition of Melissa McCarthy to the reenactment play in Love & Thunder was meant to be a mix of comedy, and inclusion (for plus sized people?).... but really ended up achieving the exact opposite thing...  being a fat joke at Melissa McCarthy's expense. So much of the "inclusiveness" in movies achieves the exact opposite of what these writers intend to do.... they actually reinforce stereotypes.... Let's have a plus sized woman do a parody of Cate Blanchett.... we don't take Melissa seriously here, because she is a stark contrast to Blanchett's portrayal of Hela. So the audience laughs at McCarthy because she is chubby, and goofy, and these laughs are ultimately at her expense. Yet another example of the hollow inclusiveness that plagues the modern blockbuster.
Pretty bad for sure.  Loved the previous one, but wow... what happened to love and thunder?  And thor felt like the supporting comedic character in the movie - the one that chimes in only for laugh value.  It just felt strange because all he did was complain about mew-mew.
I would love a Love and Thunder version of "The Drinker fixes.."
Ha! just finished watching the Red Letter Media review of Thor.  I like Taika's sense of humor but, man Hollywierd is eating him from inside.
Disagree. Though this was pretty funny . Movie was bang average overall though
It's a shame these are just dunked out with the most basic cookie cutter mass acceptable plots as the visuals are great so it would be something to behold with an interesting story. Star wars, Marvel, DC, Rings of Power and so on.
Taika= childish ramble humor, over and over again.. extremely overrated. All his movies are all the same movie
Waititi has created some good stuff (like JoJo Rabbit), but he has let that go to his head. He seemed to think he could do no wrong; so he did EVERYTHING he could think of. He's a creative guy, but not everything will work if thrown together.    It's an utter shame he seemed to have his entire head up his own a**.
If I could end one persons career to never see anything more of him, it would be Taika Watiti. You really can't get more annoying than him.
Wish American studios would keep their hands off European heritage.
Strangely, I started (I say 'started', I managed about 20 mins) watching L&T on the train home last night and my mind instantly compared these two scenes...didn't even grin once at it. So I put Civil War on for the remainder.
Disney has absolutely set fire and burned to the ground any tiny bit of respect and enjoyment left in the Marvel Universe. It's a shame.
all the world-shaking technologies that have arrived since my childhood readings of marvel comic books have not really advanced the storytelling.
I put it down to having Melissa McCarthy in it, everything she's in sucks
I've watched more critical drinker than actual movies lately....
No idea why people liked Ragnarok, for me it was trash, a joke of a film made by joke of a director. Love and thunder is same trash dialed up to 11 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What kind of person takes their toddler onto the battlefield @6:55?
That thunderbolt was the worst, cheapest prop I have ever seen in any movie. And so Zeus is burned for any future appearance.  Sigh.
When you describe Taika as a kid in a candy shop for a director I immediately went to Quentin Tarantino. Without a doubt Quentin Tarantino is one of the most indulgent directors ever but for whatever reason he's also incredibly good at what he does and surprisingly practical. I've seen a little behind the scenes and producer Lawrence Bender noted that Tarantino would kvetch about the budget which was odd because that was his job and the director usually tries to forget about that kind of thing. The one scene that I think best sums up Tarantino is when he plays an unnamed bad guy in Planet Terror, the Grindhouse movie directed by Robert Rodriguez, he's about to have his way with the main character and when it's noted she's lost a leg he leerily says "easier access." Obviously he's as indulgent as an actor as he is as a writer as he is as a director.
Any film that tries to insert women into it just for the sake of ticking a box is bound to fail
Spot on my guy, spot on.
It's time to move on from these marvel movies and tv shows. They are better left ignored.
Ok.
10:14 The idea of wanting the payoff without bothering with the build-up has always been my argument for the weakest trait of The Force Awakens.  To me, it looked like a poorly strung together highlight reel of A New Hope and Empire Strikes Back, calling back to the biggest moments of the Original Series without earning any of it.
i know someone who is a diehard Marvel fan and actually likes this movie. Needless to say, I don't talk to them about movies.
These videos are what sets the drinker apart. Top notch
Taika is the kind of personality where you suspect he may have just done all of this out of spite, just to needle the audience because he can and because he just doesn't care.
Also yes Ragnarok is way better but is love and thunder worse then dark world not sure I never watched love and thunder you tell me
By far the worst marvel movie this year. Not as bad as captain marvel but it made the scarlet witch I mean “doctor strange” 2 movie look good.
8:19 Yes she was, when she did cold opening for SNL Sean Spicer press conference
I really love these kind of Highly technical breakdowns as they show you are not just being a whiny racist or bigoted as many have falsely clamed but in fact are a well-seasoned critic who points out that in fact the emperor has no clothes
Such a disaster that I didn't watch it at all
I think this illustrates a problem many people have at one point or another. You meet with some success then you get cocky! You over step then it does not turn out well. These are the moments in life where we hopefully learn from our mistakes and adapt. Taika has had some success. For him, I hope he learns from this failure and improves.
Melissa was great as a supporting cast member in 'Gilmore Girls' but that is about it.  As for this movie?  Man, I watched it once it was on D+ but woof, what a slog.  For about 10-15 minutes of content, there was ALMOST a good movie hiding in here.  But nope.  It wasn't just not funny, it was painfully UNfunny.  Add in the disaster that has been growing with D+ MCU series shows and the MCU is in serious risk of not just failing but something worse...  Becoming utterly irrelevant to the point that it undoes all the greatness that was Phase 1 - 3.
Drinker’s got twice the views in half the time as Red Letter Media 😮
🍺🍺🍺🍻🍻
Didn't like thor ragnarok I don't understand why they wanted thor movies to have so much comedy, I know the older thor movies were not strong from the story side but the characters were presented and written properly
i didnt even bother to watch it,as long as wai(kiki)  makes his movies woke,then i wont watch any of them
Thor's character arc is the saddest thing I've seen after the cancellation of moon knight season 2
Websters dictionary describes as scene as....
STOP Hammer time.  The first 2 thor movies were okay the 3rd was amazing but this one was just..... NO.
It's almost like everyone in Hollywood is too busy smelling their own farts to review their work and proof it to make sure that it is good... or even alright.
So....Loki is Biden and Thor is Trump then!
There are alot of creative people like this they have great ideas but need to be reeled in and have someone to cut the crap from their ideas, George lucas was like this the reason Indiana jones was so good was because it was Georges ideas and Steven filtering them, but when it came to the fourth movie steven stopped caring and in all the behind the scenes he says this. The game last of us one and 2 have the same problem in the first we had Bruce Straley as director filtering out dumb ideas from Neil Druckman, then in the second game Neil Druckman has full creative control. Some people need to be put on leashes and he is defiantly one of them, also the guy is super full of himself, ive never seen anyone incorporate themselves into stories as a main character other than this guy its one thing to be  a cameo, like stan lee, Alfred Hitchcock, Stephen King, but this guy is like obsessed with himself.
Ah who cares? The MCU is dead now anyway.
Since you liked RRR, you should watch Lagaan.. much better as a movie.
...and yet I liked it. I liked it better than I like Andor. Oh no Drinker! Maybe I have been polluted by modern movie crap to point I can no longer taste the shit. I will leave now and go watch a movie made before 2000.
why is Disney treating Norse mythology like that?
This movie is so bad. It hurts.
How the fuck does thor have a lightning bolt? That's a ZEUS thing, not Thor.
I think Melissa McCarthy would have made an excellent actual MCU villain. She is actually a good actress when she isn't just shoe horned into the same character for every movie. In Gilmore girls she was probably the most down to earth character on that show. Mix Snooki from gilmore girls and Heath Ledgers Joker. I think she could nail a character like that viscous yet horrifiyingly motherly while doing it. "Oh sweetie, this might hurt a bit." and then she cuts a dudes ear off with still just a calm loving motherly smile on her face. Damn.
I believe we just have to accept this seen exists to crowbar Melissa Mccarthy into the film trying to give us the same stunned amusement that Ragnarok did when we realised that three great none comedic actor's we're hamming up, and we are left unsure of their motives?
2:00 Wait. Did I just learn something about writing?
No one ever seems to mention how much ragnorak took from Kung Fury. If you know you know
If I have to point ONE thing to convince you this movie is bad, I'd say the Infinity conez. You are making a family-friendly products based on what, genocide? Are we supposed to laugh at that?
Fella, Fat Hela
I stopped about halfway through.  I couldn’t do it—everything was just horrible.
Haven’t watched it, never will....EVEN if I come across it on the high seas 😉
Basic and surface level sums up most attitudes these days.
Marvel has been inundated with creatives who hate the source material and see it as foolish, childish and irrelevant. They see the commercial potential, and the story as a vehicle for their own purposes and politics, not the epic. mythical adventures and fables they could be. They're cynics who view the fans as simple and stupid, and that's who they're producing content for.
My favorite marvel movie is Thor 1 and now people see my point
The title itself was a warning this film was going to be bad. Glad I didn’t waste my time and money watching this at the cinema. If I’m honest, with every new movie released I become a little more disillusioned with the MCU, it’s lost its sparkle.
Karl Urban made Ragnarok a times 100 better than it was supposed to be.
I don't even think even Ragnarok worked. Thor is not and should not be comedic there can be some humor but that's different from turning him into Deadpool.
Jojo Rabbit was really good. Didn't expect Thor L&T to be so lame
@thecriticaldrinker you sir are not cynical...just brutally honest
Because it had an incompetent buffoon for a director?
Imagine if during the scene when Thor was stripped naked it had been a woman instead. Wouldn’t be very funny now would it…
Not watching this movie was a great investment. But you have a point... Ragnarok was much more solid. I actually feel good that I watched that in cinema... in 3d
The last Marvel movie I intentionally watched is The Avengers back when it first released. I watched 4/5 of Captain Marvel when I went over to a friends house to chill, unfortunately. Most recently I watched NWH with my nephew reluctantly, with which I was pleasantly  surprised. Since I started consuming visual media seriously in 2010ish, after the mindless watching of Disney Channel originals, I have had no problem cutting off a movie franchise or television show without receiving an ending because of the lack of investment that had initially won me over. Game of Thrones is an exception because I had to know how the writers were going to wrap up everything, although I knew going in I wasn't going to be satisfied.   Many friends and family have accused me of being crazy for this. How can I just stop watching something after spending years watching the story?   For me it has been repetitive plots from season to season. The Flash is up against another speedster, The Walking Dead has a new human antagonist to the core group while they run away from zombies, HTGAWM has another murder and utilizes the same splintered flashback storytelling. Things become stale and characters seem to learn nothing from previous seasons. With Marvel it has been the played out journey of a hero unsure if they want or should be a hero, hunting down a shiny object and doing so while some presence is threatening life on earth. I will never spend my money to see a Marvel product because they very seldom find a way to make this common storyline fresh.  Watching your videos has made me realize other reasons I have been critical of other content. Most of which boil down to lackluster writing. I more than appreciate the torture and subsequent drug abuse you endure to provide us with meaningful critique of these releases. Your a man of integrity unlike the 'professional' reviewers who suck off any major production studios poor excuse for quality film or tv.  That's all I'll say for today. I'll fuck off now
There is so many scenes from Love and Thunder that is just a waste of time. I skipped so many parts because it was so boring.
Drinker, stop trying to make sense in a mad world.
I called it as soon as I saw the Steroid budget for Portman alone was 6 figures
7:13 I'd go even further and say that it feels like the _perfect_ analogy to the current state of Disney. 8:18 If Ghostbusters (2016) was anything to go by...then not at all.
I thought Melissa McCarthy was mediocre in Spy.  It was funny here and there because she was ignored for being fat, timid and unathletic.  She proved herself useful through effort.  In most other movie, she's just a loud obnoxious lesbian being repressed by males.  Super-powered, but repressed by -ists.
You’re the smartest critic I have ever known
Couldn't get past the 30 minute mark, every fucking line is a bad joke. It's terrible.
Watching Thor: Ragnarok then watching Thor: Love and Thunder right after feels like I went from watching Deadpool to suddenly watching X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Like seriously the shift was so fast I pretty much caught whiplash 😂😂
I seriously fear for people in Hollywood and their mental health. They're so out of touch, who knows what kind of cheap shitty drugs they're smoking to release such garbage and remain in the public eye without any self awareness or shame. How the mighty have fallen. Seeing Jason Bourne, Maximus, Patrick Bateman and Hannibal Lecter humiliate themselves like this is just painful. I've never wanted to see MCU movies. I would seriously pay money for this movie not to be made. In fact, I think that should be Hollywood's strategy. Just announce that your favorite thing is being remade, rebooted, sequeled or whatever and let the fans pay the entire team to NOT make the movie... Instead of pre-ordering, there should be anti-ordering.
You know, Jeff Goldblum, Peter Dinklage and Lena Heady were cut from this movie  I don’t know what they would have done to advance the plot, but it still sucks that these highly respectable actors were cut
Mannnnn, writing is hard work. 😐
Thor Fail and Blunder kind of shows Taika Waititi is just another Paul Feig. He even has Melissa McCarthy who he made famous by playing the fat loud and obnoxious character in a parody - or simply put, herself.
good stuff
saw love and thunder, havent seen ragnarok  honestly after the film i just assumed ragnarok was going to be the same so didnt bother watching
I'd say the writing was on the wall even in Ragnarok, that movie was like if you crammed two different ones together. On one hand, we have the story of the destruction of Asgard and Thor becoming king, on the other, we have a quirky comedy about Thor and Hulk trying to escape a slave planet, (don't even get me started on how they bastardized Planet Hulk,) these two stories clash with one another in a noticeable way, as we jump from tone to tone. My hate honestly increased the more I watched it. You know why everyone liked it? Because it gave them what they wanted in the worst way, they wanted Thor to be more comedic? Well here he is cracking jokes with Hulk while his home is being enslaved, you want more Guardians of the Galaxy planets, here's Sakaar but as a junkyard! You want more color? Well here's a planet painted every color of the rainbow! We basically went from a more faithful adaptation of the comics to a worse one crammed with all the shit that dragged the MCU down, all because people demanded these things.
When the deleted scene (with Zeus) is better, and taken more seriously than the rest of the movie, you know you have a clunker
It's the only Thor I haven't seen and still have no desire of seeing! because you know exactly what you're going to get and that's Not a very good movie at all!
This is to the MCU what WW84 is to the DCEU.
It was meh. I loved Ragnorok
This could have been a great movie. Key issues are: 1) chemistry between Natalie and Chris just aren’t good. 2) the best scene was legit Matt Damon and  Melissa McCarthy. 3) they’re trying to make it “kids focused” and it l made it bloody horrible. Kids fighting alongside thor with teddy bears???? 4) Natalie just became thor.. no development
I can see what they wanted to with this movie but it's like they t7rn a bunch of good ideas into luzzlr pieces and then jammed them together into a puzzle. I don't like where they have taken Thor. He's not the brightest bulb hut in this movie he's made out to be a completely incompetent idiot that has to be given directions at every point. From Thor to here is vastly different.
Having just finished re-watching Phase 3 especially Avengers 3 and 4, Phase 4 had ZERO chance of following that up. So instead the MCU went for quantity over quality with multiple Disney+ shows that were mostly "fine" and movies that were mostly "fine". Going back and forth from the Epic actions scenes with intense emotional scenes it just works. Phase 4 just exists, where is it going are we just introducing characters to face off against...how are they connected...
Thor love and thunder is just a childish pointless movie
I'll be the odd man out and say I liked this film. I thought it had heart and was funny. It's not perfect, by any means, but I like it better than the first two. Finally Jane actually gets some real character development.
Taiko clearly loves the smell of his own farts since he farted all over TL&T. He just doesn't seem to care about good film making anymore. This movie is a far cry from JoJo Rabbit. Sad.
Great video drinker, I didn't even know they were making a thor 5.
Taiki Waitit is like that flamboyant uncle who thinks he's a riot and won't stop making lame jokes while everyone secretly just wants him to be serious for a change or shut up for a while..
Still haven't watched that movie because I'm so tired of watching MCU go down the path of the comics division and turn all the characters to shit.
Everything that is Marvel, Disney, Star Wars, DC studios and Star Trek are just shitshows that time and money should not be wasted on.
What’s crazy’s is how diverse Asgard is!And wakanda doenst have any other race of people!
This movie still made $750M even without Chinese release. Until mouth breathers demand more than pretty pictures and spectacle from films, we’ll keep getting more of the same.
This was hyped? What!? Glad I didn’t see this mess.
Bravo. Spot on again.
Super disappointed in taika. He gave in to Hollywood and became the problem.
I hate Ragnarok. Thor is nothing but a fool in this movie. Didn‘t bother to watch Love and Thunder
watch the video at half speed an the Drinker sound drunk.
I just watched this yesterday! Great timing lad
These weapons are supposedly sentient/sapient and feel jealously, determine worthiness in order to wield them, navigate on their own,  and even to defy commands issued by their master. This is evidenced through many cringeworthy scenes of Thor arguing with and consoling his 'nagging wife' (Stormbreaker).  This is what is what annoyed me most about Love & Thunder. Those scenes are not only not funny, when they're supposed to be, they also destroy the in-universe mythos. Why does Mjolnir not reassemble for Thor? Why does Stormbreaker help Gorr? Why do these supposedly good weapons abandon the good guy and help the bad guys (besides the writer saying they must so the story happens)?
I love marvel alot. But to be blunt. My dogs shit was better than this movie. And most of phase four.
I miss phase 1 marvel. You would think after a huge epic like infinity war, they’d want to take it back to the roots and begin again. But no, we get this incoherent and directionless multiverse garbage. Ugh.
Both movies were unbearable to watch. Marvel literally did not know what to do with Thor after the first movie.
This video was excellent. I've been wondering why people like Ragnarok, but hate Love and Thunder. More of the same as far as I was concerned. But just the one scene comparison you made between the movies helped better illustrate why people do. Thank you!  I still think Thor 1 did the best in adapting Thor's character and overall tone from his comics, though.
It sucks to see amazing actors play amazing characters be ruined by one person.  Happened to starwars Happened to Marvel  What next?  Why can we get actual directors that are fans of the source material to direct instead of popular names
I liked it better than the second Thor film
Could have kept it in if they had just had Jane Foster watching/reacting with someone in the crowd(maybe starts of talking down thor) and at the end asks the tourist guide if that really happened and given her a moment of 'oh shit my ex has had about as rough a time as me since we split'
The movie didn’t suck. And I always hate you people who criticizes good movies. You people are what’s wrong with phase 4.
WTF?! is that seriously in the film? i thought the thumbnail was just a cosplay joke.
Don't use the same joke over again.
Imagine being a pilot for years. Getting BETTER and BETTER at FLYING a plane. Then one day you're ego and confidence as a pilot causes you to believe that you can do *ALL THINGS PLANES* including be an airplane engineer. BUT, turns out, just because you've mastered FLYING a plane doesn't mean you know how to build one. THAT'S TAIKA WAITITI! Good director, TERRIBLE WRITER!
Taika in love and thunder is like when you tell someone they're funny and they ramp it up and tell a joke every 2 seconds.
If i were feige,  I am not going to force waititi to keep out Gorr as main villain,  and serve thor 5 as filler (Just like waititi did with this movie)  .Im gonna ask taika to stick with thor + Jane thor vs Zeus army,  And make it comedy, Thor taking jane thor to a journey to different world of gods and introduce her to his world,  its basically a roadtrip + tutorial how to become gods movie,  They both gonna met one of gods who friend with thor,  And heard that hercules become the rich kid brat that walk around being douche,  and thinks that it was hercules that kill two of the gods.. So they both go to the "orgy palace"  and met zeus but didnt get the answers,  zeus feel disrespect and the beef start,  Hercules heard about it and went to new asgard attacking the place,  In the new asgard hercules kill korg and injured valkyrie,  Thor came back and see the destruction, Valkyrie told thor that hercules went to "other gods place"  and its basically his hangout spot, and thor know the place since he already there with jane earlier during the roadtrip  and went back over there..  Then they saw the place is ruined and all of the peoe there are dead,  Only hercules are alive but his neck has been crush,  thor and jane kill hercules, , thor and jane travelled back the "orgy place"  to met with zeus and bring hercules dead body to warn zeus,  But a fight broke out and thor manage to beat zeus..  At the end of the fight zeus said that hercules never have the ability to summon shadow monster, ,  Hercules is all about brute, and his weapon arent even a sword,,  Thor didnt take it seriously and just end it right there, he judge zeus as a fox giving excuse tk escape..  In post credit scene,, im going to reveal that gorr is the one that kill the gods,,  hercules only did new asgard wrong, the rest were gorr,.  in the hangout spot,  Gor almost kill Hercules but thor arrive and he has to retreat and watch,  He cant took them all over there,  Gor also over there creep in among the gods orgy place,  looking and studying every gods behaviour..  gor still not strong yet,  he only kill two gods before, so he have to pick them one at a time..  and gorr will be the big bad villain in thor 6 the final chapter..
Empowerment n thunder
Melissa Macarthy was never funny, she’s just fat and uses it to make people laugh uncomfortably at fat people, it’s a shame because she’s not a bad dramatic actress.
Christian Bale sat in the makeup chair for hours a day just to see multiple scenes of his get cut in favor of "comedy". He also seemed to actually care about his performance, what a waste.
If the movie Free Guy proves anything, it's that Taika Waititi is bearable on screen as long as he's not the one writing the script.
you know this filmed was doomed as soon as they cast Melisa McCarthy
It's as if Disney says what's the worst thing we can do and make fun of white men?
I really wonder what kind of movie Christian Bale was in. He wasn't perfect of course, but he certainly wasn't in this movie in terms of general feel and performance. I really enjoyed his portrayal of Gorr and it is a shame that his character arc was cut so short for stupid jokes.
I didn’t think this was awful, just very lackluster, and they definitely wasted Christian Bale, dude was acting his ass off.
I’ll admit I actually did laugh when they used Melissa McCarthy as Hela in the play
Same exact thing happened with Wonder Woman. Great director for the first movie was then allowed to write the follow up movie. Being great at one thing doesn't make you automatically great at another. It's crazy that the movie industry is so poorly run that this type of thing happens.
The funny thing with Love and Thunder is that I genuinely want to believe that it wasn't Taika's fault. Looking across the credits for the film, I don't know what went wrong (especially since his co-writer, Jennifer Kaytin Robinson, was a fairly competent writer). Taika is a personal favourite writer because he was able to blend the childish and silly tone with the darker elements of his stories. Jojo Rabbit and Thor Ragnarok, while very goofy, still had emotional weight and depth when relevant, especially with Jojo Rabbit.  I've got a theory... but it's not one I'm particularly... happy about. I feel like something happened during the editing and writing process that, in addition to cutting down a lot of the overall screentime, also forced Taika to pad the runtime with a lot more jokes. You can feel that he wanted to do more with Gorr and several elements of the film overall, but he couldn't do it because of Marvel's "Do it quickly or not at all" mentality (which you can see in a lot of VFX and the treatment of several other films in the MCU like Multiverse of Madness, Eternals and Black Widow).
I wish Taika never put his hands on Thor. Made Thor and everything around him a fcking joke. I'd rather rewatch Thor 2 than sit through another Taika Waititi Thor movie.
Isn't Taika married to Rita Ora?
Is that blue long sleeve shirt taika is wearing in the behind the scenes clips a one piece shirt? This movie may be wack but that's cool in my book 📖
REVIEW THE BOYS SEASON 3
Man who hurt you that you hate everything these days😂
The cut scenes are funnier than what they went with.
Quite odd how marvel let Taika go all out with this, yet they restricted Sam Raimi from doing his own thing with Dr. Strange 2   *Hmmmmmm*
Actually Taika is a lot like Loki: making jokes only he thinks are funny, taking credit for other people’s work, and continually believing he is the rebellious hero of his own story.
I have not seen Love And Thunder but from the previews and clips,  I have seen more than enough.   What I really hate is that my only experience with Taika Waititi is his movie JoJo Rabbit which was a great movie.  He was able to fit comedy that actually worked into a movie about a horrible period of time and do it with a lot of skill.  It's a shame to see him make something as horrible as Love And Thunder.
This and Multiverse of Madness were the only phase 4 movies I wanted to see in theaters and they were both major disappointments. Especially Love and Thunder because Ragnarok is one of my top favorite MCU films.
Algorithm comment
did they blur out luffy or?
On the other hand, we all love watching the Drinkers videos!
End of the day why was the film allowed to be so "jokie/childish/inane" ? Guardians has the right amount of fun, this shite film was one bit childish joke feast. Ruined the THOR series for sure. So all the money people agree with Waititi? how can this last thor been seen in the same light.
Any chance you could give *The Money Heist* or *La Casa De Papel* a watch and give your opinions? It's a brilliant set of characterizations, and I'm pretty sure you'll like it, but no matter what I know it'll be a great review.
Drinker is wrong. Taika never had any talent to begin with.
I hear you Drinker
Remember, Taika was the guy who says things like "I'll ruin your mythos in a minute, baby" The guy is a hack, and a clown, and doesn't care. He's Jim Carrey but without the talent.
Taika Waititi is the M.Night shyamalan of this generation. M.Night made one good movie and had a style of twist ending everyone thought was new and great. Then after about 4 movies people finally figured out that is all he was. Taika made Jojo Rabbit  and everyone that it was funny and quirky. But now we all know that is all he has to offer. He's a one trick pony, and that trick is not good storytelling.
I just watched it with my husband and our 5 year old son and we all hated it. My kid could see that there was no Plot and it didn't make any sense at all.
Norse mythology is white man mythology and marvel hate white race.
10:50 If you go frame by frame ( *.* = forward; *,* = backwards) you'll just see how bad Mighty Thor looks that they just motion blurred her,  but Idk whether all VFX artists do this for quick shots like this
I think it demonstrates Disney's complete disregard understand for all European culture and myths......cuzco there white
If I’m honest, even ragnarok had moments where I felt the comedy was forced. The story was far better but I after L&T I realize that it’s most likely taika who over saturated ragnarok with comedy that was unnecessary thus leading into this mess.
A bit off-topic, but Melissa McCarthy was surprisingly ( very  surprisingly ) good in "Can you ever forgive me?" It's not a comedy though, so maybe she should stick to dramas?
I loved the movie
Taika Waititi's failure with Thor: Love and Thunder was well explained in one of Mauler's video's: give the man a good script and he's great with his little humorous touch-ups of that script. Let him do the entire script and it almost becomes a slap-stick movie with a rapid-fire of bad jokes.
It's character development actually, shows that the lady King is a shitty business woman instead of a godly ruler
Easy money does reduce the qualities of a man. Any new entries in big marvel franchises will be watched by millions anyway,so why should they put the effort to make something memorable? Their whole purpose is to be consumed and be forgettable anyway.
This should be a good video about *THE MESSAGE*
What is it with Cate Blanchett characters getting butchered lately?
9:12 one piece fan????
You had Christian Bale in a movie and you fucked it.
Melissa McCarthy was great in Gilmore Girls. But that’s pretty old now…
I'm at the point where everytime I see Melissa McCarthy, I know the film will not be for me. I tend to hate every project she is involved in, that I have seen.
I have learned so much about story telling from the critical drinker. I love this channel.
I haven't watched the movie, and I never will, but since Melissa McCarthy is in it am I wrong in assuming that she gives the same performance she does in everything she does: She yells at men and falls down.
Now Love and Thunder has been and gone the clock has started ticking in the countdown for when Tessa Thomson sues Taika Waititi for sexual harrassment.
I do agree with you. Deadpool 2 was basically the same. It is good but not as good as the first and that's because Ryan Reynolds who just worked on his own dialogue in the first film decided to become a writer on the second. Hence, it slow pace and less funny and more expensive but made less than the first.
It is beyond me how some people manage to write off criticism of this movie as trolls not being happy no matter what direction the movie was taken...
This movie was a great Guns and Rose's video.
Les go
If this movie was 40% gorr it would have been awesome
Melissa did a brilliant Sean Spicer on SNL. That's....about it.
I haven't seen any of these movies but I almost went to see this one. Glad I missed it.
I like how the more popular the Drinker has gotten, the more he has flexed his knowledge of film concepts and techniques.  You just know that it pisses off the mainstream "critics" to no end.
Most people don't understand the main problem in this. Thor Ragnarok was not a good movie either. It just had a different flavor than the other ones. Before love and thunder came out, Ragnarok was in the last position of my MCU movie ranking.
I personally detest how Taika treats Hemsworth in this movie and in previous projects. Not just that, but I really hate how cancer is handled in this film. It’s all immature and insulting.
The most overrated director ever.
TBH I didn't like ragnarok either, Thor went from one person to a totally different one in just 2 movies, he was seriuos, and you know took things seriously, then no. Everything turned into a joke, it's not funny... Remember when even superhero movies were charming because they actually took you into the story? The recent marvel projects have been a total disappointment...
"Go away now" awesome way to end the video🤣🤣
If Marvel really did this Love and Thunder, please, don't give them Black Panther 2.
Problem is the writers/directors these days seem to hate their own universe, like they're bored with it. The first Marvel films were made with love, now they're just shitting on it. Guess saying no to a job you don't have any feeling for cause you're making a kazillion dollars while the fx people who mostly seem to love what they do get payed fuck all is too much to ask for. It's like asking me to write/direct the Twilight series, I would rip it to pieces.
You putting Mellissa McCarthy in the thumbnail summarises the movie without any words.
Watching Love and Thunder was like watching every bad internet MEME brought to life in the most cringe way possible. More than 1/2 the movie could be cut out and it would have been better.
I'm sorry you watched this for us. I'll never watch this dumpster fire.
Idk the fans at the cinema thought it was the funniest shit theyve ever seen Iol
To answer the question to pose at the 8:20 mark, no...
He's a collaborator. That means he needs foils. You nailed it in your rundown of him. He's always been part of a writer's room, and as the writers room joker he's hugely valuable. Putting him alone at the front was the mistake. If he wasn't such a narcissist I'd think he just needs a partner, but what he probably needs is a handler who is also the lore guy ("no Taika, you can't do that. It doesn't make sense, from a lore standpoint or in the real world.")
the northman was the best viking epic hero movie of 2022
Growing up, I was unfortunate enough to have been around when my mother and sister watched Gilmore Girls. Paradoxically, Melissa McCarthy was far from the most obnoxious thing about that show, though I never expected her to emerge as the most prominent actor from it.
It was complete woke BS. THE liberal left is destroying marvel.  As soon as Stan died Disney is sh1ting on his legacy
One reason is Melissa McCarthy, she is just not funny at all. She's an insult to the label comedian
All of the Thor movies have been terrible. They contain a bunch of rushed concepts and story lines that don't expand the greater MCU, and they kill off terrific villians. At this point I would prefer more movies and series directly building up powerful villians, than rehashed stories about the heroes. They've destroyed, ultron, thanos, loki, the collector, planet hulk, civil war, hydra, red skull, scarlet witch, etc... The number of galactic and planetary threatening bad guys is dwindling to zero.  If there are no villians worthy enough to challenge the heroes, then the heroes become regular people, and I'm really getting sick of the romanance and daytime drama of the supers. I don't want reality TV series from superhero movies.
Taika Waititi hates white people and in particular Chris Hemsworth, the epitomy of handsomeness, strength and virility. That's why he puts so much effort into deconstructing and demeaning the Thor character in Love and Thunder.
💀 Thor's movies have always been kinda crap. 💀
I like these kind of scene comparisons, I hope Drinker does more in the future
Oh poor Lokie what a wasted character and actor
Thor 4 was hot trash :( Only MCU property worse is She Hulk, at least for me :)
I liked Melissa McCarthy in Gilmore Girls. Wish she stayed there.
It's nice to have someone around who can clearly and logically explain what you intuitively know but can't describe.  This one earned my subscription.
Maybe zach snyder would like to fix it 🤔
It's like being a college class for "Film 101". I really appreciate the education and insight.
Are you a femenist
Burn 😂🔥
Waititi is a good "change-of-pace" director, which is why Ragnorok worked.  It was a comedic anomaly that sort of "cleansed the palette" before the more serious films of Black Panther and Infinity War.  He's good for one film in a series of 11 (provided he is given a good writing staff, script and Production oversight).
There's a difference between _the plot includes comedy_ and _the comedy is the plot_ but sadly the director either didn't know...or didn't care. The _La Cucuracha_ car horn in Endgame is funny. Love and Thunder is embarassingly pantomime.
I couldn't finish the film, I got half way in and the jokes just don't stop, even on the ship they're joking. At no point do they have serious moments and it was draining to watch how cringe it is
I THINK THEY MADE IT FOR KIDS
I wouldn’t mind if every single studio went to the Drinker first for advice.
Thor Ragnarok sucked balls and it's time we stopped pretending it was anything else
I have watched every single MCU film as well as all the Disney+ series to date, and for once I have to agree, Thor: Love & Thunder was a total bomb! I was only able to make at approx. 45 minutes into this one and not only did I have to stop watching it cause it was so bad, it caused to me instantly cancel my Disney+ sub as well!
Taika serves as an interesting comparison to another Disney Adjacent Director, George Lucas. I've read that George has admitted on several occasions, that he's good at Directing a Scene, and good at World Building, but he's Not good at Directing People, and he's Not good at Dialogue.  Do you think we'd EVER get That level of Humility from Taika, or really ANY Director nowadays?!!
The whole point of the MCU is to share continuity. That movie just shat all over it.
I actually like the movie. It was a serious movie with comedy to lighten the mood.
THOR is dead
This movie , in one word - cringey. Natalie Portmans arc was decent - not genius - but watchable and fleshed out, somewhat. Thor - was butchered.
Still not seen it.
Oh god he's a fan of one piece no wonder the movie was shit
i forgot i watched this movie and every time he talked about any scene i wish i still didn't watch it
Waititi is a white hating racist see you next Tuesday.
Chris H deserves bette 😢
Marvel films are shit and always have been, fight me.
Marvel is a joke
The writing was on the wall for MCU when they started incorporating all the girl boss crap. I decided I was done caring about anything MCU related after End Game. To me that was my ending, it wasn't perfect, but it was an acceptable send off for the characters. If I watch anything else by Marvel now, I go into it with very low expectations, and yet somehow, I'm still regularly disappointed. I'm so sick of them trying to tie everything together, it's a way of forcing people to watch so they don't feel like they've missed out, and that would be fine if they were producing good content, but it's just a hook to keep people watching while they churn out mediocre crap over and over. I want more one-off stories.
I did laughed my ass of tho when the goats came flying in, it is definetely not a movie to take seriously.
think as Drinker said some directors need oversight to be contained and create marvels inside a frame work for when you release them most just go bananas and ham it up so much noting good is made.
The movie sucked the moment they nerfed Gorr the God Butcher, away from his comic version.
It was not a Thor movie; it was a movie about god-tier weapons. (Mjolnir, Stormbreaker, the necrosword). My husband and I agree: it was decent fanfiction
Watched it two days ago can't remember it apart from don't want to suffer it again
Release the taika cut!
Well put. Writing seems to be going in just one direction at the moment. Shit we found to be brainless 15 years ago, appear as fucking masterpieces today. Dunno why you have such a crusade against McCarthy, though. Yeah, Ghostbusters 2017 sucked balls, and she’s a bit used up at the moment, but she’s had some genuinely funny acts before, like in Bridesmaids or her stint as Sean Spicer on SNL (a show that for the most part is pretty unfunny nowadays).
It's kind of nuts to me that the original was 4 hours and even after cutting the fat there was still way too much fat left over. 😅
I had fun first 20 minutes. After that it was sigh and sleep. As always you are right my friend @TCD
Just imagining how many great god killing scenes with gorr we could have gotten instead of fucking korg narrating the whole movie makes me mad. Taika is just as immature and self-centered as the woke generation he made this movie for.
Phase 4 of the MCU has been a hot mess for the same reason the Disney Star Wars trilogy was. Lots of fancy effects but very little if any character development, world building or cohesive narrative. And the humor has become so meta that it completely takes you out of the experience and you are constantly reminded you are watching a Marvel movie rather than enjoying the story. It's great to have fan service, small references and inside jokes. But like with Dr. Strange 2 they are now bringing in characters just to instantly kill them off again. Before Endgame each movie felt like it was building on the last and giving us a satisfying Avengers movie at the end of each phase. Phase 4 feels like every show and movie is self contained and disconnected from the wider world. They are all just flashy action scenes and cheesy one liners to defeat the enemy of the week.
His girlfriend is Rita Ora isn’t it
Taika just plays himself in Freeguy.
My dad is someone who loves most movies. He loves nearly every mcu movie, even the bad ones and yet he couldn't make it through Love and Thunder. He's a goofball and he said to me, "This feels like it's taking nothing seriously"
Theatre scene was sad and pathetic.
So Taika basically became Antwan from Free guy for real this time 😆
Kevin Feige has done well for the MCU but maybe his magic is running out. Remember, he green-lights the project and script, which meant he read the script and said this will fine. Phase 4 hasn't been great, so maybe Feige needs a co-producer to help him maintain quality.
Can't watch anything with token fat bird, to ott.
It felt like this was really just a review on one scene in the movie and a couple other small points, not so much a review on the whole movie.  I do agree with the reviewer on what he did review, but I felt like he withheld what he really thought about.  I've found he is much better at sharing his thoughts in his live happy hour events.
Oh man.... oh man does the scene you decided to say "works"... does not work. And the writing in ragnarok.... not smart. I mean sure if you compare it to love and thunder it probably is ( i wouldn't know i've stoped watching marvel) but ragnarok is garbage. Utter utter garbage.  1. Thor returns to Asgard in a middle of a crysis to find his father being out of character. Hugh. Wait: we know what Loki would do if he had power. We've already seen this in Thor 1. Now sure, you can say that he's softened up in Thor 2 - which he didn't because it's clearly established he's ruthless enough to put Odin into a coma just to stay in power -  but he still wants to be a competent leader. He's not Skar from Lion King wanting power for power's sake. His whole motivation is "Look at what i can actually DO with power". So now that he has power he's a lazy twat?  OR OR OR.... taika wiretardki just wanted Anthony Hopkins to say "oh shit".  2. The play: Having big named actors do a bad play ... IS The joke. In fact i wadged it's to make you pay less attention to the in world implications of Loki being so incompetent at a job we've seen him be quite competent as. The joke IS "Oh it's Matt Damon. Oh it's Sam Neil". That is the joke.   3. It does NOT line up with Loki's personality at all. Like at all. It lines up with a 2 year old's perspective of Loki's narcisistic personality. Sure. But to quote the movie itself "i'm a trickster'. While both THor 1, 2 and Avengers showed his hubris and narcisism, they also showed he's a ruthless competent manipulator who usually fails because he's overconfident and having an superiority complex. And while again in Thor 2, the death of his adopted mother hit him hard enough to constitue a moral shift from killing civilazations to get his way, to someone who does see value in life... he still moves the pieces in such away to take power by the end. ANd setting up a mystery as to how exactly he pulled it off.   4. Reuniting with Odin... while Anthony Hopkins kills it as Odin in his talk to Thor... where's the "You put me in a comatose body... to watch plays of yourself?!" scold to loki. IF Loki was a competent ruler under the guise of Odin, be it different, their reunion could have had a much different outcome. A much different interaction. But as such, Loki is a whiny petulent child who feels sorta bad for what he did, and in the end he helps his brother in the face of "it's this or you die" as there is no leson learned. He takes the Tessaract.   5. So as per your rules: - It does not advance the plot. It's the lightsaber throw away of the Thor Universe. Dark World promised an Unshackled Loki as ruler. We got a cop-out and a bait and switch. The plot was not advanced. It was subverted and changed. Oh sure the "New" plot where Loki is a petulent child... sure. That gets advanced i guess.  - it did not develop any character. It butchered Loki, turning him from a master manipulator, a deeply flawed character, with selfish and tragic intentions, to a sassy bitch who wanted to drink wine. The "arc" is not satisfying as there is no ark. Loki helps his brother because Hella. That's it. In that moment he saw no other way out. That's it. Taking the Tessaract proves there was no lesson learned.  - World Building. Yes. Asgard declines under Loki's 3 year old leadership. Which it shouldn't. At all. There is no worldbuilding.  - it's not funny. It's a meta joke. "look at the actors you didn't expect". That is the joke. IN world, as mentioned the implications are ... so so stupid.
Sort of like the Death of Gwen Stacy from the Amazing Spider-Man movies, I can't remember WHO made the video on that subject, (you, Nerdrotic, someone else?) but the movie people clearly just had a "surface level understanding" of that event from the old comic book. And as such, they didn't comprehend the Emotional impact of the scene & WHY it worked, and merely did a sort of copy/paste of the Event itself!  (Making it feel shallow & empty)
Screaming goats were the only good thing about this movie.
Haven’t seen the movie, don’t really plan to. But the clips of fight scenes look like the graphics from a low-budget old school video game.
It was awesome. What do you want? Maybe adults who take this seriously should avoid films aimed at kids.
Sorry Drinker but I think you’re wrong here buddy.  Love and Thunder totally sucked but this scene was fine except being to long.  It gave a quick recap and call back, it was kinda funny, and it showed how Asgard is run differently now than when Loki us in charge cause they’re telling the truth
Even though I don't think Ragnarok is that good and think that the comedy ruins a lot of stuff that was done better in the comics version of the story (not the specific events, but the way they're written and executed) I'll at least give it credit for still being a competently written movie.
I tried to force myself to watch this movie, but this particular scene was about as far as I could go. Melissa McCarthy is box office poison in my book.
One of the most unforgiveable things about this turd of a movie is the treatment of Zeus. He's the King of the Gods in his pantheon, and it effectively on the same power level as Odin. He's not some fat guy with a lisp who minces around in a tutu. He generates lightning himself, that's one of his powers. It's not a weapon, and even if it was, it sure as hell couldn;t be turned against him. It's as absurd as the idea of someone just randomly grabbing Mjollnir and beating up Thor with it. The sight of the Gods of Olympus swooning at a hulked-up naked Thor was absurd. The Olympian gods all had physical perfection and they had Hercules and Atlas ffs.
I love it how drinker describes basic story telling concepts and ideas will intentionally acting like an incomprehensible drunk.
It was a s**tshow. I think Marvel have gone Tonto, so much do they hate their fans, it's incredible.
Even if you're not aware of why the play in Love & Thunder feels so hollow. I honestly thought I had dozed off a bit in the theater and had missed the punchline it was so boring.😴
Lazy writing... let's use what worked in the last movie, but funnier.
Dose anyone else find the golden blood annoying?
I liked his "Jojo Rabbit"
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Bridesmaids but that was it. And that was 11 years ago.
Taika was too full of himself at this point. He was great but i think people gave him too much credit that he lost sight of his creativity and just decide to test how far unhinged he can go before people notice.
i dont like the movie too other movies like more
Damn straight. This was the example I gave as well. Waititi, the arrogant prick, just doubled down on every gag, bit or joke from Ragnarok, removed any seriousness or storytelling they might also allow for and then make them 50 times sillier.
Taika waititi's comedy would have worked well on any of his other projects but it just doesnt woth thor
So I finally watched this movie last week and   I liked it.  I was a little upset that the reviews for this were that bad.  It's not that bad! Just my opinion I guess.  Now I am wishing I saw it in theater.  Too many McGuffins is my worst complaint.
I think there was another aspect of the first theater scene that was missed- the character information we get about Thor. He's smart in that scene and clever enough to see right through Loki. This Thor isn't a bumbling idiot... unless the script later makes him one.
I spent much of the movie wondering whether the reason the comedy was so 'off' was that the story was being narrated by Korg (who is an unreliable narrator, with an 'awkward' POV and a skewed sense of humor and storytelling), and somehow that (rather questionable) device got derailed by invasive studio interference making a mess of it all (I didn't know anything of the 4 hour cut, at that point). I think it was all of the tedious and unfunny time spent with the whole 'Mjolnir as an ex' thing that made me feel that way. I kept trying to rationalize it with the thought that to Korg (a pile of rocks) a 'relationship' with a wood and metal object, might make a lot more sense.
So Taika's Zapp Brannigan lost his Kif Kroker somewhere between the two movies.
Ragnarok was also a turd sandwich. Maybe give it a few years for you all to look back and realise it’s true.
Just watched it last night and it's awful, beyond awful.
Maybe it's because I was really fucking drunk watching this, but I had absolutely no idea what was going on throughout this movie.
I don't know what to make of Taika's nonsense lately. He's written good stuff in the past (Boy, Hunt for the Wilderpeople) but this seems like he's so impressed with himself that he's disappeared up his own arsehole.
Your comment section is infested with bots spamming links mate.
Christian bale in love and thunder is the best one 👌. I was led. To believe that valkyrie would have turned with gorr having the valyries killed and what a twist would that be but in the end thor would convince her that not all gods are the same. They might not want to dwell deep into that but what a twist wouldn't that be kindaa lost opportunity there
They gave Waititi way too much creative control over this movie, Love and Thunder proves that Marvel needs oversight over their directors
Christian Bale was the best actor in Thor, Love & Thunder. The rest SUCKED!!!🤔🤔
Drinker. As much as I love Your critics. But here You looking for fleas. The movie was great!
I was going to say that maybe this ALSO ends the idea of an 'Auteur' filmmaker being superior to a 'team' selected by a team of producers.  WAititi didn't actually WRITE Ragnarok, so I thought maybe that was the MAIN problem, but even the last movie WAS written by a team, but their previous credits were pretty weak, or ONLY ASSOCIATED WITH THIS  FRANCHISE!  Thor Ragnarok ScreenWriter TEAM PREVIOUS CREDITS: (Thor Dark World, Cowboy Bebop, Incredible Hulk, Thor, Black Widow, Godzilla V.S. Kong.)
I don't think it's bad, i think it's just not for us, i think it's for kids, you guys already know it, most of the time Disney is focusing on kids and family friendly. It's the thing that you watch with your 4 yro kids. And yes they show chris' bvtts and goddess b00bies for your kids too.
I gave up at Dark World, And I'm glad I did.
I will say Love and Thunder has too many unexplained things going on. Why is the hammer responding to Jane Foster for example. Why bother with the Guardians of the Galaxy when you portray them as useless, and Thor ditches them quickly. Another there was clearly two films made, the comedy and a serious bad guy in Bale. It did not mesh well.
The only criticism I have was that the first half was really good satire, but that made the switch to serious in the second half a bit awkward.
"Hmm, who should we let drive this movie, the person who devoted much of their professional life to it, or the highly skilled actor with incredible character devotion and talent?"  "How about the person who didn't want to be a part of the franchise at all anymore?"  "Perfect."
I mean he wears a Luffy shirt, trying to incorporate "goofyness" to an absurd extent, yet fails to realize why it works in One Piece.
Thor Love and Thunder had a budget of 250 million dollars. What you guys think about that?
So what you’re saying is that Taika Waititi with Love and Thunder is like George Lucas with the Prequels.
He's sounding less and less drunk with each video, and his 'go away now' is sounding more genuine...
Look at you, making the human condition sexy again.  Great insights, as always....
Taika was overhyped always. Let’s get that straight
It's amazing how much I was looking forward to a new Thor movie. I have zero interest in seeing this one
Whaaat?... 😳  Waititi has a relation with Thompson? 🤨  No wonder she still works... 😏
Riight so the MCU trash even disrespects my own country's mythology outside of the Norse one.
3:02 "So mis-cheev-ee-us"??? In a finished film???
i mean i didn't think it SUCKED sucked. wasn't expecting Hamlet here, came into this expecting a dumb, flashy, paint by numbers story - but make no mistake, it is exactly that: a dumb, flashy, paint by numbers story that squanders its talented cast that.... hey wait, that's what you said.
"Disney is the Reason" why Marvel sucks now, and most likely will continue to suck into the foreseeable future. Quick question.  Did China by Disney? All of their content is Chinese Cheap Garbage these days.
Where cyberpunk edge runner review? Plssss watch it plssssss
I don’t think Thor works without the realm of Asguard.  This is Thor without asguard, without fascinating friends and enemies   It was boring
I m waiting for that epic rings of power video now. No show has ever failed like that piece of buffoonari
i refuse to watch it
Has Melissa McCarthy ever been funny? You obviously haven't seen the move Spy.
The director got high off smelling his own farts and this "movie" was the result.
It's a very bad "comedy" special directed by a male feminist simp.
Is it true that Disney tried to trademark the name “Thor”?
C.D.: "Marvel has no respect for Norse mythology." Man, that's oversimplifying. There's city full of gods, sitting on their asses, waiting for human sacrifices, having orgies, not paying any attention to their worshipers. They are disrespecting EVERY mythology! =)
what happened to this guy? Did he accidentally traveled to the dark depths of twitter or something? Never saw him this compassionate and not being an asshole before.
A cancer called MCU.
The only thing it did, by using sparkles as Odin dies, was to tip me off that Jane was going to Valhalla as she sparkled away.
His name is Taika Cohen, not Waititi.  Just saying.
Comedy is a story telling devices and should be used as such
The movie could have been great but watching it felt like watching two separate story-lines, a slapstick comedy and a dark origin story poorly mashed together. Could barely watch the whole movie because instead of redemption for Thor's character we get yet again the man-child, for no reason whatsoever and the Asgardians a once proud powerful race now reduced into a Disney land attraction. But one thing is for sure Thor franchise have been dying for quite some while, I say let it die peacefully with whatever dignity it has left.
It's not a difficult question to answer.  It makes total sense to be tongue-in-cheek when you are explaining comic book settings, because if you try and make things like Asgard sound serious your audience is going to be very slim. However, once that's done - you still want characters that are going through emotional journeys and a story that's relatable through the emotions and connections the characters experience. When everything is a joke - you're making a comedy film, which it wasn't. Same story with second avengers film - surprising to see same mistakes made again.
I'm watching it right now and it's not as bad as I was expecting....It's not a jar of smashed assholes. Just a shot from a jar of smashed assholes. D/C movies are taking themselves to seriously and Marvel has become a 3 pump joke over and over  again.
Reject Hollywood, embrace anime.
I just watched this yesterday... it felt more like a Mel Brooks Thor than any of the Thor movies.  I understand them sprinkling humor throughout it... but this movie is straight up silly. And not in a good way.
The thing that annoys me is that Waititi KNOWS how to make epic scenes. I still think he still did the best work in displaying Thor's powers.
How does Taika Waititi keep getting work? Well for one his real name is actually David Cohen.
Asgard Theater Trope would  have made a much better mini series than She Hulk
If ever there was a director who personified ADHD
NO dude .  We are NOT on the same page. Cause Ragnarok SUCKED totally as well, it just sucked a bit less perhaps, cause they were still testing the waters. And you should have seen what was coming , cause all the signs were already there.
I dunno, I thought the new Thor movie was just, meh to me. I just thought it was a bit too fast
Naw, I'tll be fine.
I didn't like the first Thor because it was too serious and I didn't like the last one because it was trying to be to joke with a lot of it's one liner.
The real shame with this movie is Gorr. Such a great character and actor, and an honestly very good performance, all in this . . . . Less than mediocre experience.
Drinker please, just keep on destroying this film
started watching it yesterday. I made it all the way to the goats before the existential crisis set in.
I’m not a marvel super fan. Loved iron man but my daughter LOVED thor. We sat down to watch it and we turned it off after 45 min. It was so bad that it was insulting to the work Hemsworth put in to play it. I hope they fire everyone involved and do one more because sending the character out like that is just sad.
“Piss off, ghost”  That’s what his MCU standing rests on.
McCarthy was funny before Ghostbusters
You forgot the 4th reason for a scene. "To preach the creator's political agenda or real world views to the audience."
Taika in those BTS clips looks like someone let him get all the crack.  He's headed for a depressive crash. I'm actually really worried for the guy
Thor 5!?! Why!?! Can we just leave this character alone as nobody seems to get him right and the only time he's done accurately people don't like it. Or is disney going to sap every little drop they can out of the MCU before they move on to the things they absorbed by buying Fox?
The only funny thing about Melissa is that she is fat.
Wait, tesa is his gf? So shes just another grifter trying to pretend she is lfgbtq+
Am I the only one, who just, thanks to this video, realized, that Matt Damon had a fucking cameo in Thor: Ragnarök?!  Melissa Mccarthy... in a MCU movie?!What the hell...
I said it back when Ragnarok came out: we're flat out just making Rush Hour in space.  Everyone totally loved it because it was really funny. I tried to tell them that just turning these things into straight up comedies was not going to work.  Now when they chart the trajectory of the franchise, Waititi getting ahold of Thor in Ragnarok won't go down as as good move for the character.  I warned all of you a$$holes.
Was hyped as fuck for love and thunder, ended up sleeping through half of the movie.
I think in the future of the mcu, phase 4 will be skippable.
Early Marvel Movies are so good
The Ragnarok play reminds me of the ember island play from avatar the last air bender.
The movie was pure crap!
Tycho many tities is a useless hack!
The speech cadence of your YouTube persona is definitely up there with the likes of leafy and Fred. It just scratches the eardrums in a whole new way.   It truly is nails on a chalkboard
Big snooze of a movie!
I could sum up Taika Waitit in one word...Narcissist.  He's the kind of guy that thinks his farts smell better than they actually do, and he will let you know so if you don't agree.
Taika Waikiki doesn't know how to make a good movie, he always wants the movie to be funny and it turns out to be pathetic and stupid.
Everything appears much funnier than it really is when you are high on acid, maria and alcoh*l.
This movie is shite..
What about when zues is telling Thor about where lightning comes from? That scene was very well done
i didnt like ragnarock for wht it was, it was fun to watch but its tone just felt wrong for the stakes involved
I thought the movie "spy" was pretty funny but it definitely wouldn't be the same without Jason stathman or jude laws characters
I thought it was mediocre at best.. will not be rewatching it..
Ok, but why is the villain a Voldemort lookalike? 💀
Thank goodness for opinions, just another shrewd keeping up with his youtube algorithm.
Someone calls an ambulance. A terribly bad movie was crticized to death here.
Imagine making a video shitting on a movie that came out months ago. Move on, grow up 😂
For some reason all the new disney movies are so bad. The writing is so bad in them all. Even the remakes are terrible lately.
I didn't like Ragnarok to begin with so this one is just unbearable lol. They just had to push a one trick pony as hard as possible to find out what kind of colourful shit it dukes out.
Thor Ragnarok wasn't written by Waititi. That's why it was better.
Before watching the video:  The movie would've been way better if they had cut down on 90% of the unnecessary humour and Given Gorr way more screen time.   Christian Bale's Gorr was the best part of the movie and they totally wasted him. Instead of showing goats screaming 100 times, they should've shown Gorr actually killing gods and more of his backstory.   Think how less effective Infinity War would've been if they never showed Thanos taking all the infinity stones.   They should've also not turned Thor into a comic relief character in his own movie.
Answer yes, she’s funny in Spy.  I also liked Happytime Murders but I was alone in the theatre.
Non-European makes Thor movie. How could one expect any better? This was a real god worshipped by Europeans before Christianity in Europe, before the USA was founded, before all the industrial revolution. These movies are nothing but insults and most of us don't even notice.
The movie itself was the real god butcher
Gender bender, race swap crap! Among all the other crap...
“Maybe you should dial back the comedy a bit and not overdo it” Taika: Nah it’ll be fine!
Taika Waititi is the MCU version of Jason Aaron:  Both ruined Thor and his lore, one in the movies, the other in the comics.
Algorithm
the whole love and thunder felt like a parody of what actually happened 😐😑
Its amazing he directed both the best and worst Thor movie. But im guessing the latest movie was designed to be shyt. He succeeded in making people hate it.
It was the comedy of the movie that ruined it for me. Don’t get me wrong it had its issues but the constant comedy turned scenes that could have been great into something awful. The movie in concept it great and could have worked well. In execution WHY THE FUCK IS EVERYTHING A JOKE AND WHY IS THOR SUCH A BITCH😊
I actually didn't mind that mock theatre scene because as pointless as it was, at least it didn't directly fuck over the plot of the movie or Thor as a character. It was relatively standalone and not  a screaming goat or something similar that popped up to completely derail one of the few scenes moving the plot forward or completely invalidate any attempt at a serious moment. Compared to the goats or Thor either talking to his weapons like they're his current/ex girlfriends and falling from the sky because Stormbreaker is now somehow sentient, the theatre scene was almost fucking Oscar worthy.
Thor Love and Thunder made me realize just how good the first Thor film from 2011 was.
even the thor ragnarok was awful. cringy comedy and killed hulk character. hulk become buffon. rather rivalry with thor as strongest avenger. they made it become forgetable charade. wasting efforts before
It reminds me of Wonder Woman and WW84. Patty Jenkins was a perfectly fine director for the first movie then she gets full creative control and shits out an absolutely garbage script and movie.
Melissa was funny in Gilmore Girls, but that was about it.
Examples of movies where the directors' success made them think they didn't need a competent screen writer: Wonder Woman 1984 and Thor: Love and Thunder. Movies where the book author's movies' success made them think they didn't need a competent screen writer: The Fantastic Beast trilogy. Screen writers have never had a lot of respect in Hollywood, but it might the most important job because it's the basis for the entire movie. Yet, it seems anyone that enjoys some success thinks they can write a screen play. Some can, but many can't.
ok but melissa mcarthy jumping through a shitty paper portal was funny
Taika Watchatcha is a hack
I've enjoyed almost every marvel movie admitting there were some not as good as others but still enjoyable. Eternals sucked but at least it was something very different although it was reaching for the stars way too often, but at least it was an effort nonetheless. But Love and Thunder was not only the worst Marvel movie I've seen, but easily on of the worst movies I've ever seen in my entire life considering its budget. Christian Bale's performance was the only thing that made it worth watching, and my heart goes out to him for getting suckered into this film. I even liked Natalie Portman in it, and thought she was way more Thor like than Thor himself.
Why? Like why? Lol everything she's done after Ghostbusters has been trash smh lol, and my friend be asking me wtf? Why don't you go to th movies anymore
I watched it last night on the high seas (because my country banned it from being shown) and gosh... It was the most boring and cringe worthy Marvel film I ever watched.... I didn't even finished watching it (3/4 of the film). Taika really fucked this up.
Hit the nail firmly on the head with this vid drinker.  L@T is such a stinker that it made me question myself for enjoying his previous better output. As you said he seems to have fallen into the fatal trap of success that is laziness, vanity and hubris. Let's hope he shakes himself out of it, returns to previous form and makes something polished and entertaining.
As a fan of Thor (My favorite of the Marvel characters) I was not a fan of Ragnorok either.
MCU needs to go on holiday and come back when its got good ideas, in about 20 years time..
Taika waititi ironically treats Norse mythology like globalists treat Europe and North America, like a tourist trap with no soul. Just like the director and his film.
I havent watched a “Marvel movie” since Ironman 2.   No serious.  All these “super hero” movies are garbage. They do nothing heroic.  They butchered the word hero.  Hollywood is the antithesis of good.
The thumbnail made my heart skip a beat and a shiver run down my spine
I thought this movie was much better than everyone said it was. Maybe I just didn't have any expectations now.
This film actually made me miss Thor: Ragnarok! I wasn’t a big fan of it but at least some of the jokes were funny! Almost nothing was funny in this new one!
Thor: Love and Thunder makes Thor: The Dark World look like a cinematic masterpiece.
Savage
I agree with everything you said about this scene except one thing I actually did laugh at McCarthys entrance as Hella just because of the clear difference between her and Blanchett when it come to looks and uhh well weight 😂
Even though I'm not a big fan of Thor Ragnarok. The play scene also serves another purpose. It shows Thor's intelligence and competence. Instead if beating Loki to expose him. He simply throws his hammer and holds Loki. Everyone knows that Odin could easily deflect Mjolnir. So if it's Odin he's in no danger. As a result Loki us forced to reveal himself.  So he deals with a situation without resorting to violence or rage, in a fairly competent way.  Ofcourse later on he starts turning into an idiot. But that's another story.
Melissa McCarthy makes everything sour, no matter how short of an appearance she makes.
Taiki, his Wife and actors were all rolling on Ecstasy the entire production... THIS IS WHAT YOU GET.
Waiting for boys season 3 drinker recommends
Drinker tactfully spends nearly 11 minutes explaining why the first 2 minutes of Love and Thunder didn't work, effectively breaking the remaining 2+ hours. *Clever girl.*
Also that "oh shit" from Anthony Hopkins makes the scene even better.
So basially Taika Waititi is the same person as his character in Free guy
Thor Love and thunder was horrible, my grandson wanted to leave half way through and we had watched most of the last MCU movies together,  the comedy wasn't funny at all they turned Thor into an idiot and anyone that watched it I'm sure their IQ dropped drastically
I thought the new hammer was stronger… so why does Thor care so much about his old hammer that he let CAP use during endgame?
For me, it felt like I was watching a sequel of spy kids
thor love and thunder could have had the asgardians living alongside humans as a way to help protect the earth after the snap
I’ve said it many times… MCU ended with the snap… no the first one
theyre making a fifth one?
I'm happy to say I hated Thor Ragnorok from the start and only feel more right after the bullshit of Love n Thunder.
I get the sense that the underwriters we're really writing a meta plot about watiti's own narcissism with that play scene from Ragnarok. Perhaps Loke was the true insert and they were commenting on watiti's vision for the film.
When you have Thor and Zeus in a film and they are dealing with a God Killer that looks like a pale white ghost, Kratos from God of War is what comes to mind. And with that kind of comparison in everyone’s subconscious you have to make your film more serious and Gorr needs to have screen time where he lives up to his moniker as God Butcher
Christian Bale’s Gorr was the only thing Really really liked. I wish the movie was about him instead.
The scene with the Hela joke stayed in, but the one where Zeus taught Thor how to use the Thunderbolt and admitted he wasn't pure...wasn't. Why?
im tired of thor ironman and captain america movies. the world could use a 'good' Hulk Movie. but this wont happen in mceu. other then that. i would actualy like to see white vision. all the other figures are just boring in the currently existing in mceu.
I.... uh..... had to google Melissa McCarthy
It wasn't as bad as I expected, but it wasn't good. There were enjoyable parts
I thought all the Thor movies have been the weakest out of the original lineup.  The first Thor was basically just okay. Thor is just not a deep character and the first movie basically had all you can do with the character. He loses his powers and learns some humility and they introduce Loki, who was a big bad for Avengers.  The end.   The second was just boring and terrible. The Third was only okay because they basically made it a full blown comedy, and then really it was funny only due to Jeff Goldblum doing his "I am the new Christopher Walken" thing and playing an exaggerated version of himself and stealing the movie. Now this one doubled down on this being a "comedy" but with no Jeff Goldbloom.  None of these actors are funny.  That is why this was terrible. They think they were all funny in the last one and they are funny now. They are not.  Jeff Goldblum was.
Love & Thunder is definitely a movie. It has zero re-watchability. Gorr was the only character I was eager to see on screen at any point during the movie. His foreboding energy was fantastic up until he the scene where he was in the cage with the children and he was proven to have been driven maniacally mad. At that point he became as corny as the rest of the characters. If he had kept his dark tone throughout the film it would have been much better for his character, especially at the awful end. Also I just wanna say that I like Guns & Roses as much as anybody who listens to classic rock but for fuck's sake a bit of variety would have been nice.
Meh. Ragnarok was too a dumpster fire for anyone who was willing to see it. Almost a direct copy paste of GotG. A goofy and handsome protagonist, a badass sword girl, a dumb green muscle troll, and of course the toxic friend/bro. The color pallette, the approach to soundtrack, the arcs. It's essentially the same effing flick. Ragnajoke managed to plagiarize from its own franchise. That's an unprecedented low in movie history.
Why isn't Kevin Feige catching more heat for this dumpster fire. Isn't he the one in charge of ensuring the continuity of this whole MCU thing? It seems to me like he really dropped the ball in the overseeing/managining department because this film should have never made it to the big screen.
It was 100 and whatever minutes of my life I can never get back.
7:26 "I'll destroy your mythos in a minute baby!", Taika Cohen - ... Yyyyyeah, I think actually *does* have some awareness of what he's doing to Norse mythology. I wonder why someone with a name like Cohen Waititi, who is most famous for a movie where he makes fun of a certain painter from Austria (like *that's* not ever been done before... Oh, hi, Mel Brooks), would take such joy in subverting and desecrating culture that holds many Germanic connections. I can't quite put my nose- uh, finger on it...
Let's pray Taika doesn't mess with any other beloved franchise now that he's no longer with the MCU?  Sometimes I wish the worst of Hollywood would just kill one franchise and die with it.
I regretted paying money to see this movie. On an unrelated note, the kid Thors in the end was so cringy along with Zues. Oh and Gorr was turned into a comedy character instead of an actual threat, that even Odin and Zues had a hard time beating
so much youtube jokes, but if they actually gave it to youtuber to write a script and edit it - it might have actually be good. Just might, as it's really hard to get this disaster out of my mind
Don't worry, we'll fix it in post
After this movie, decided not to watch any marvel movie until reviews are extremely positive.. can’t take this torture 😂
I recently watched a YT "Reactor" who covered this movie and she's usually not overly critical, but even she did not like this movie.
Spot on !
Thor doing the splits was so gay. What the fuck.
With how over the top Thor: Love and Thunder is, it really makes Ragnarok look worse in hindsight with all the Watiti-isms.
I know a movie is good if im ready to rewatching it tomorrow or the next day.  Every phase 4 movie excluding Spiderman has been a complete dud.  Leaving Thor was death by a thousand jokes, Black widow became Invincible and overshadowed, and eternals was a boring attempt at exploring humanities history.  The TV shows all follow the same formula and every event, sokovia accords, the decimation (not calling it the blip), the celestial rising from the ocean none of it matters its on to the next thing.  I'm worried Kang is going to be a footnote for the kid avengers and A-Force.  Also, really tired of new avengers being announced on Twitter and not being called up in a Tony Stark style New Avengers protocol. Lame
The Valhalla rules set in the movie itself, were broken.
Hated the version of Hulk in Ragnarok, but other than that it was fun. Waititi wrote & directed a truly great movie, JoJo Rabbit, so he had talent at one time. Love & Thunder seems like he no longer cares, just mailed in (whatever) for the paycheck.
I hate Seth Rogen with a vengeance but holy shit 50/50 is an amazing film about cancer and actually well acted - even by his standards.
I am gonna say it, I enjoyed Love and Thunder. Its a superhero movie, not some Sundance film that needs to be perfect.
I liked the movie. I'm just a normal guy that doesn't critique movies.  Just watch them as a pass time.
Review she hulk
That was the scene that made me turn the movie off.
Ngl I've heard this film is crap but those fight scenes are pretty wild
This scene in the movie with the obviously shitty play is so obviously shitty I think he made it this bad on accident
Looks like this movie is pandering to the gay community. Having a rainbow on stage...
Thor film with story based around Gorr: “Nice.” Christian Bale playing Gorr: “Nice.” A more “serious” Marvel story being directed and (a lot written) by Taika: “oh fuck, here we go...”   Taika is a great director but these type of movies just don’t really seem to suit him well.
Taika is a watchable film maker and I will curiously look at his next thing. I'd like him to do a direction of something like the 5th Element (Not actually that but something new) or a live adaptation of an Anime, like Space Adventure Cobra or something weird like that. He'd love it.
Both TW Thors sucked because they just joked off deep emotional trauma. The ending avengers movies did an excellent job at portraying it. Then TW comes in and wipes it out, and kills the love of his life.  His movies shouldn’t be the jokiest.
It sucked because of Taikas heritage that constantly pushes diversity, woke, rubbish. Wakanda is all African, no multicultural society there. But, the Vikings needs to include homosexuality , girl power & Africans as Asgardians. Taika went full retard
The DNA of writing good scenes involves 3 questions: 1. "Who wants what from whom?" 2. "Why do they want it now?" 3. "What happens if they don't get it?"  Every single plot point, scene, character action, and line of dialogue should, in some way, address & answer these 3 questions -- the reason being that they inherently move the plot & characters forwards. Your characters should always have a goal, and they're either pushing themselves towards it or are being pulled away from it (good pacing and character development both stem from this method of scene-writing).  The character's "want" doesn't have to be anything big or grandiose: it could be something as simple as "comfort", which they might find in another character unexpectedly (exposing some hidden depths to that other character, who may, for example have been established as mostly aloof beforehand).  Maybe the character wants a specific object, and they have to use a unique feature of your fictional world to get it -- bonus points if they have to use that thing in a creative way. Now you're incorporating world-building into scenes, and you're doing it naturally (i.e., without info dumps or lengthy exposition).
The bots are killing me.
what trips me the most is zeus yelling out orgy parties and sex in a family filled room of kids, guess disney let that slide cause taika made them lots of money?
60K views in 30 minutes
We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching, but You're too shy to say it Inside, we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  (Ooh, give you up) (Ooh, give you up) Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up) Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up)  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching, but You're too shy to say it Inside, we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
The fact that taika waititi ruined the gorr story along with there not being 3 versions of thor that ended in gorr getting killed brutally with two mjolnirs, then thor absorbing the necrosword still annoys me. Inserting jane foster thor into this story felt forced and gorr was pathetic and underpowered. Im happy this movie seemed to have lost money cos from whats being going around waititi aint direct anymore thor movies in the future now. I also hated how many un needed jokes there war. Especially during the god council scenes as zeus and the other gods aint comic relief, they are genuine threats. Lets hope they do hercules justice and him and thor are really good friends like in the comics.  I f they followed thors comics origins they would have been friends for years. I know theres a comic where they team up to fight a big bad so hopefully that happpens.
The moment I heard Melissa mcarthy was in it i knew itd suck.  And they totally fucked up Gorr too.
Ragnarok still sucks
It was terrible and i went in open minded wanting it to be good
To me, Taika can be a really funny guy. However, the reason why he needs oversight is that when he's put in charge of the project, he almost leaves no room for the scenes to breathe. Is just joke after joke.  The best comedies are not written punch line after punch line, they also give us something to process, and most times can get pretty serious in the third act. Taika, at most, will be a bit serious in a small portion of the fourth act, but he'll try to move on to another joke as fast as he can from there. The first few times can be really fun, but it gets to a point where your audience is going "Ok dude, we get it. Can we get to the meat already?", and by that point is not even funny anymore because he already exhausted you. Nothing portaits this better than the f***ing goats in this movie  I like Taika Waititi. He's creative and light hearted, which works to make the movie fun. However, leaving him to his own devices is like letting a child loose
I haven't seen it. I'm waiting for it to be free on regular TV So I have something not too interesting to watch while I fold laundry!
It's like Melissa McCarthy's existence is a bad omen of Hollywood. Whatever movie she's in is ultimately shitty, whether she plays a main role or an extra. It's fascinating really.
A cheap dopamine hit is the best way to describe the modern mcu now. The movies are now here to have bright colors and preach THE MESSAGE to the same group of people over and over again.
because marvel focuses far too much on comedy over reality with the thor series and i don't like it. Feminize the only overly masculine man in the current marvel universe...they know what they're doing.
Sadly it could have been good! Jane as Thor was the better part of the film. What sucked was the cringy kids plot, Valkyrie existing, and the non-stop comedy that ruined the few chances for heart in the film.
Part of me's interested in seeing this movie just to see for myself how bad it is. Even ironically I can't do it though.
Marvel movies are a joke now, there’s no seriousness in any of their movies anymore, if you compare the first Thor movie to the latest one, it’s like you’re watching two completely different movies
I’m sad that all you can talk about is Marvel Movies and TV shows…even saying how bad we know they are without watching them is getting old, having professionals verify your inner knowing when films and tv series are dog shit, has itself become dogshit. They should just give you a movie deal on the books you write and force you to make a good film 🎥
A four hour comedy sounds like torture
I'd like to point out there's certain tools that can make a scene better (or worse).  Like adding horror, drama or comedy elements.  If all your scenes have comedy stacked on top of each other, that is going to get boring real fast.
plus love and thunder had Melissa Mccarthy and that is a sin in and of itself
I feel like marvel is just money laundering now
yo! I came here to see how good idea was it to not watch it! have a nice day dudes!
So basically Taika Waititi is Hideo Kojima of cinema.
The name alone is cringe af
The second I saw Melissa McCarthney as Hela, all hope was lost
Watched the movie a couple days ago on disney+ and I caught myself watching youtube videos on my tablet not even 30 minutes in... no idea what's wrong with marvel lately but goddamnit this movie felt so meaningless and boring. The only scenes I genuinely enjoyed watching were the ones with christian bale, he was so creepy, I loved that.
0:20 The teletubby sun baby looks more impressive than that.
Taika is the new JJ Abrams
I was saying that it was gonna be shit as soon as I found out they were planning on bringing Natalie Portman back. Low and behold my prophecy was true
Some people are excellent directors. Some people are excellent writers. Very few people are both.
Ragnarok had a good story, humor, Jeff Goldblum, and a great John Carpenter inspired soundtrack. Thor: Yeah We Made Another One was absolute shit.
when you put a female in thor's place.........destined to be effed up
Glad to see this is video is out!
When Jane Foster pulled down Thor's pants and said "It's Thorbin' time" I spontaneously came
The theater thing exists to set up that the theater troupe survived Ragnarok and remind you that they exist, to set up the 5-second joke a couple scenes later where the clueless theater dorks interrupt the discussion of the kidnapping to talk about how they will make it into a player later (which, tbf, got a chuckle from me... but needing two minutes of setup half an hour earlier wasn't really worth it).
He can do good work but he really needs a "no" man in the worst way. Not that I'm directly comparing the two but George Lucas is also one of those creatives that needs to be told "no". They require boundaries to stay focused.
Her whole career is based on “it’s funny because she’s fat”
"Taika has a talent for comedy"  Lol, no he doesn't, all this mfer does is scavange the internet for dead jokes thinking nobody would notice.
thor 8, insufferable actor and insufferable actress dont have to deal with insufferable castmate this episode because he's in insufferable sheshulk 4 inshtead
1:53 And if it manages to do all 3 without dialogue... Shoutout to the opening scene of Arcane.
McCarthy is kind of entertaining in Gods Favorite Idiot. I was about to turn the show off when I saw her there, but decided to give her yet another chance and this time around it works pretty well. Just to give that one example of "was she ever funny".
Should’ve been called Thor: Love and Slumber… an absolute snooze fest
Taika Waititi is simply not talented. There, I said it so you didn't have to.
The only decent MCU movie post Avengers Endgame, which brought something new to the table was Shang Chi. Marvel should really just give it up now
What is that? Thor visits Olimpians ? :D
Melissa was hilarious is spy, that’s her funniest movies honestly.
It was yet another comedy scene that wasn't funny, in a movie trying to be too funny
Melissa McCarthy was funny in Mike & Molly. That's it. That's the only thing she's ever been good in. Ever. In her whole life.
Watching any Marvel film(s) after Endgame is like playing side quests after one has finished the final Boss in the game. Change my Mind
McCarthy was pretty funny in Spy. That being said, Love and Thunder was a mess, with so many missed opportunities...
After Ragnarok, this was a huge disappointment. This was way worse than the Dark World. The whole movie was just non-stop, shitty jokes, shit CGI, and shit storyline.
_i'M a TriCkStEr!_
In earlier movies the comedy added to the plot and character. Nowadays its way too overblown, and ruins good character moments. Every scene feels like an excuse to add a few more jokes.
Forced humor they made Thor stupid you don't have to have humor in everything scene this movie should have been based on the mighty thor and have thor show up later no need for screaming goats.
Was Taika Watiti wearing a one piece shirt. Not sure why they had to blur that.
Maybe this guy's an amazingly talented filmmaker but I've yet to see that talent show itself. No clue what people were expecting from this movie, based on everything that has come before.
*Because it was goofy from top to bottom.*
During Drinker's expansion of what scenes are, I pictured modern Hollywood writers scrawling his words down on the back of their free hand with a sharpie.
I actually liked Love and Thunder but I can agree that the theater part is a colossal waste of screen time.
Melissa McCarthy was funny once, in Spy. that's it.
"Scene is an event or interaction usually in constrained time period" If it went on forever, that would be really unusual.
As bad as Thor 4 was, I still think it was better than Thor 2.  At least 4 can be somewhat entertaining if you turn off your brain.  2 is just plain boring.
Thor Ragnarok was completely overrated. There was zero surprise that this sucked.
Bring back Kenneth Branagh
Well now he can keep fucking things up with Star Wars, thanks Taika…
I never cared about Marvel movies but I do enjoy seeing their diminishing returns.
This was the first MCU film I didn't bother finishing. I got about 45 minutes in, paused it to go the bathroom, and when I came back chose to simply close it rather than pressing play again. I finally hit the wall with what I'm willing to put up with out of the goodwill built in the early years.
Perfectly explained
Tahiki Whydidhe do it?
Melissa McCarthy failing to make someone laugh? Nooooooo?!
I only watched the first Thor movie and didn't care for watching the other ones after that.
Get WOKE, go broke!
I agree with your choice on love and thunder being a disaster but I disagree with you about phase 4 being awful cuz every new Marvel movie/show has turned out to be pretty good so far.
Can I just say, I love how Matt Damon just randomly shows up in movies.
Ragnarok was a shit movie too, I really hope Love and Thunder makes people reevaluate it.
The best jokes are only funny with context and with some form of trauma, separated by time. In a movie sense, this means the joke must aid the storytelling, and have consequences later. TLaT fails where TR succeeded.
Hold up drinker. Your telling me I blanked on this movie so hard I never noticed Sam Neill as Odin
For a guy with writing aspirations these scene comparison videos are free education and I hope many more are forthcoming so I can learn to write effectively without having to pay for it
Thor lost me when they cast Valkyrie as a black woman.
I completely disagree. They are both sh!t!! I don't know why people liked Ragnarok. It's one of the worst marvel movie in my opinion!!
I get fed up with the comedy tropes in this movie
Taika is a knob end.
I agree, that movie was atrocious. It's like it was derived and screen written by an 8 year old with a gigantic budget.
Tried to watch, out at 30 minutes in.
The goats in the movie were just irritating.. why did they even do that
I liked Thor, I can't even stand to watch this movie.
Wait...so the womanist leader sold out their culture for a few cheap buxx?  Thor doing nothing was far better leadership.
Those goats are pretty hilarious.
I dropped the MCU after Civil War and it seems I made the right choice. Marvel movies are like a TV show that was once great continuing to air well past its natural end point. Where there used to be clever writing and interesting characters, there is now cliches and stupid plots that don't fit. And since this is Disney, they will milk Marvel until it is completely worn out and everyone is sick of it. In 10 years, everyone will see Marvel the same way most people see modern Simpsons.
This is a really good video. Will you be doing more like this? Maybe with Thor 4 again?
I heard Taika wants to make a 4th thor movie which he wants to be a low budget road trip film.........
Hollywood doesn’t know it but this random raging perpetually inebriated man is raising and inspiring the next generation of writers, directors, producers and filmographers. Many who will likely go on to save the flaming turd they’ve turned the place into. This guy needs an entire award named after him .
The play from Love & Thunder would have been far more effective as an after-credits surprise, or a deleted scene in the DVD. There, it would be well-received as a bonus treat, easy to ignore if you choose.
Drinker, watch Blue Steel (1989) with Jamie Lee Curtis. Highly recommended.
Tessa Thompson is just awful.  She definite contributed to Westword sucking as well.  I've gotten to the point if she's casted, I'm not watching.
That thumbnail sums up one of the main problems I have with the MCU now - the self parody.  Almost every show or movie they do now says "look at this superhero genre, it's all a bit silly isn't it?"  We've come full circle back to the "let's mock the genre and its fans" mentality.
Ouch 😂😂😂
3:02 The Thor caricature says "so mischievious". I hope the mispronunciation of the word 'mischievous' was part of the caricature. Because that's an amateur mistake a writer shouldn't make.
I haven't seen this movie and after seeing mccarthy in this clip I definitely won't.
Secondary to all this, the first play had a logical end point to the story being told. For the second one, why would they present a play where it ends at the beginning of the big story?
Melissa Mcarthy in Gilmore Girls = Good. Melissa Mcarthy not in Gilmore Girls = Bad.
What the drinker doesnt know is that IMDB is quietly raising the score for this dungheap as the world is currently distracted by Rings of Power. They are also slowly lowering the score for Top Gun Maverick because they have noticed that ppl are using it as an example to shit on Liberal indoctrination entertainment.
It's easy to see why the two are so dramatically different. Ragnarok is the writers trying to justify their existence, Love and Thunder is them saying "We're gonna do our own thing regardless of how it comes out."
This was a What We Do in the Shadows version of a Thor movie, and it didn’t really work.  I’m divided as I actually like this style of humor, just not in an MCU film based on Thor. So I found myself hating it, but still entertained at times by it?
Things like this does raise questions about the awareness Waititi had while making the previous scene. It's one thing if a person fails to replicate a previous success it's another if they demonstrate they don't understand why their previous success was good.
There's two expression that comes to mind after this review: "One-trick pony" and "ego-trip." Both brilliantly illustrated by Mr. "I'll destroy your mythos in a minute baby!"
I’d love to see your re-write of this movie Drinker! 👍
I, surprisingly, laughed my butt off most of the movie, not the greatest but certainly entertaining.
COMMENTING TO SUPPORT THE CHANNEL.
I watched this movie then forgot that I did. 😂🤦🏾‍♂️
9:13 is that a one piece shirt?
This was a genuinely bad film. Bad in every possible way.
Question: Why doesn't the drinker write a movie?
after "trying" to watch our flag means death. I knew the new thor movie was something i should skip and wait for reviews.
Melissa McCarthy can be great but her screen presence alone all but requires an Abbot to play off of her Costello, she's great if there's a straight man to play off of, I.E. Sandra Bullock in The Heat which was hilariously fun, but sadly people think she's good standalone which she has not turned out to be
Just watched the movie and onto youtube to find your video. It's a fucking murder of Thor's character. More cruel than what Ramsay Bolton did to Theon.
I'd heard at one point that Taika Waititi was thought of as a possible director for a live-action Akira. To that, I wholeheartedly scream to the heavens... Fuck that!
Basically the same syndrome Wonder Woman 2 suffered - Successful first film and the director demanded way too much creative freedom which ultimately ruined the film.
Taika dishonored the Gods with his movie, I fear for his soul
Just like sam raimis doctor strange movie, I think it would have been a lot better if it wasn't ruined by corporate wokeness
i liked the korg monologues and the makeup hammer reference and gorr's beginning/end but everything else was a mess.
I agree with everything but I do think Melissa McCarthy was funny. That's literally the exact right amount of Melissa McCarthy, I can laugh at her for about 1 minute until it gets old. But it's a solid minute of amusement!
Honestly I hated Ragnarok AND L&T. Taika's jokey style just doesn't fit Thor to me. It was perfect for something like Jojo Rabbit
I'm very surprised by the hatred to Love&Thunder with simultaneous love toward Ragnarok. It's practically the same movie but MORE. All those stupid gags and making Thor a clown was already in the previous movie.  I know it's unpopular opinion but I think the best Thor was the second one. I know it had serious problems, but I loved the idea of making it more Fantasy-like. Every hero of the MCU has something its own genre that his movies try to follow. And I think that Thor's should have rather be a fantasy than comedy...
Hey! Melissa McCarthy was hilarious in Spy (and it was also quite well written)
ugh... All you had to do was say that Melissa McBigmac was in it. That alone will puts me right off this movie even if she's only in it for a minute or two.
For every good scene this movie has, there were 3 bad ones
They really need to just take a break from Marvel movies in my opinion. I think the genre is very very overplayed and just needs a rest for a bit.  The problem? Hollywood can't think of anything anymore.
The MCU is dead.
this movie is the final nail in the coffin for me.
good video
More thought went into this video than love and plunder.
Ha, watched this for the first time last night. 0/10 - was terrible. Damn, I didn't think they'd get worse than Captain Marvel, but here we are.
At least we don’t have to worry about Melisa taking a larger character role in the MCU’s future
Everyone knew this movie was going to suck from the moment it was announced.
Omg this film was shite, so glad I was drunk watching it. By the end of the film I was laughing how bollocks it was.
they made the villain a reddit atheist
Gorr has a lot of potential as a villain.
Totally agree, this movie was a woke shit show, not funny crappy action and I didn't care about anything, what a waste of money and waste my time watching this hunk of shit
I felt bad for Christian Bale watching this film …
Taika waititi has made amazing films, I think Jojo Rabbit was a brilliant film, adored every second of it, it sucks to see that he's gotten to this level since then, in only like 3 years
Waititi didn't write Ragnarok, but he wrote L+T, so that says everything
Michael Mann’s HEAT from 1995 would make for a great episode of The Drinker Recommends.
It is better to burn out than to fade away is a phrase that comes to mind when considering the MCU of late.
Always baffled me how a one two hit director can suddenly get the reigns to a quarter of a billion dollar movie. How do these decisions get to be made in Hollywood? Usually you have to build up your portfolio for decades before anyone can even think of consider you for the job... But not in Hollywood for some reason.  Are they cheap directors so that's why they get the gig? Zoe... Taika... And I'm sure I'm missing other MCU directors.
Funny AF lol
Why it sucked? It has no identity, is literally "jokes" feat. Thor     Also, why the fuck they converted Jane on some sort side-kick when she would have done more by investigating the properties of the Mjolnir
“Hammer together”? Really? Was that on purpose or by accident?
I can’t wait for the drinker’s video on bullet train
Kinda beating a dead horse here…
I think the cultural appropriation of having a non Norse Ancestry director direct a movie about a Norse God is just down right hypocritical of Marvel.  Don't they know that races need to stay in their lane?!
i have finally evolved to the point that if game has bad review by drinker i dont even bother to watch it
please please reviw primal.....
100% Agree. I love Thor 3, it is my favorite Thor movie, utterly hate Thor 4. It is unfathomable to realize that they both came from the same director.
Man, the MCU has really just kept slipping and that's sad to see. And fair points here. Ragnarok had a lot of comedy, but it had scenes with purpose. Love and Thunder...just had comedy. There are some directors that need someone there to keep them from going off the rails and Taika is one of them. He can do some good stuff, but if you just let him do whatever comes to mind then the result is a mess.
It will never cease to amaze me how the same guy who made JoJo Rabbit, one of the smartest, funniest comedies of the last decade, made this schlock too
I like how you put this. I don't think Taika Waititi is a bad director, only that this kind of movie isn't what he's cut out for.
Melissa McCarthy is rarely funny
Seeing a drinker vid on a Monday, makes me do a happy
I remember a time, not so long ago, when you couldn't go anywhere without someone talking about the MCU movies. No one talks about them anymore, and it's not because they stopped liking cool movies. Nothing past Endgame, except for the massive fan service that was Spider-man: No Way Home, got anywhere near the attention and fanatical love that was evident through phases 1-3. The movies and spinoffs just aren't nearly as good. It's really that simple.
I always enjoyed reading a book without pictures. Therefore, I don't like comic book movies -- especially when they land on their knees.
Just gotta say, I went to see Love and Thunder with my girlfriend, it was her first MARVEL movie, and summary helped a lot, it's the only thing that makes this movie at all watchable as a newcomer
Melissa McCarthy was excellent in Spy (2015) except for the handful of times she dipped back into Melissa McCarthy mode, reminding you of why you can't stand Melissa McCarthy.
Please make a video about how Amazon runied lotr
I really liked that despite the bashing you acknowledged Taika strenghts as well and frankly that you even chose the seemingly unimportant jokes scenes for comparison. Good stuff.
Making the rock guy gay wtf
So much wrong with this movie but for some reason Zeus’ Thunderbolt pissed me off the most -.-
Taika without oversight is like George Lucas without oversight. Had George had his ex-wife Marcia edit the prequels and had he not been surrounded by "yes men", the prequels may have been every bit as good as the originals. George has always been better as a visionary and an idea factory then as a director.
Ragnarok is up there in the marvels in my opinion. I went to see it in the theatre back in the day, and just yesterday i just had to watch it through as i saw it on TV as i was just looking if tv had anything. And now drinker has a video on it. How about that! Ha
It was funny as hell.
Watched it for 10 minutes and got interrupted. Never went back to it.
To answer your question, and ignoring people who feel obligated to be 'fair' by picking literally any film with McCarthy in it, no. She's never been funny. Not in Spy, not in Bridesmaids, not in Heat, not in Identity Thief, nothing. She's not funny. She's barely considered an actress. She's just there. To be fat pratfall woman.
"You don't know what you want until I give it to you" - Taika Waititi
Video pitch: Why Modern Movies Suck - They Try To Be In On The Joke  One of the many unwelcome trends that I’ve picked up on in movies over the past few years is how they excessively lean on the crutch of making self-referential jokes that aren’t as funny or clever as they think they are. The concept of parody only works if a) it’s the exception instead of the rule, and b) it actually subverts tropes in a clever way instead of just calling attention to it. One of my favorite examples is the superhero landing gag from Deadpool. As is, all they do is have Angel Dust do a normal superhero landing and Deadpool spoon feeds the awareness to us by making fun of it instead of letting us connect the dots ourselves. What would’ve actually been funny is if they built up to it for a few seconds with a slow mo walk with cool music laid over it only for Angel Dust to jump and break her legs on impact, being immediately taken out of the fight because that’s not how we expect those moments to go. Over the past few years, it seems like more and more movies have blatant winks to the audience like this because it’s easier than writing actual intelligent jokes. In short, just acknowledging that a certain trope or cliché exists isn’t funny on its own and it usually comes off as a bunch of out of touch producers inserting what they think people want from movies. You have to actually play on it in some way for it to work.
10 minutes into this woke shite and I had to stop watching. I’d rather watch paint dry.
Takia Wattiti seems like a frat boy man child. Michael Bay seems better then him by a hundredfold at least he knows when to take it seriously
Oh shit that was Chris's brother WOW
Why do they keep hiring Melissa Mccarthy? I don't mean to be a dick, I am genuinely confused.
And now they got a mini lady Thor to take over with all the other young powerful women in the m-she-u
I struggled to find words for why I wasn't a fan of Love and Thunder...and now I don't have to, because you did it for me!
I literally just watched this yesterday & was majorly disappointed
I just watched the Dr Strange sequel and it’s utter crap.
Where I agree with you on the writing standpoint as you're the writer you understand that more, I do disagree with the reasoning. To me it showed how the mighty Asgard had fallen, instead of ruling nine realms, they were a tourist destination for a cruise ship. That's got to be a kick to the ego hard. It didn't belong in the story but it would have been a nice short if they'd have released it on YouTube to drum up interest in the movie.
Superheroes are for children and emotionally broken adults
Keep up the great work sir
tiko is a  woke fruitloop who should be nowhere a Thor movie in the first place
Thor Ragnarok was nothing special. It just looked good by comparison with the first two movies.
10:42 I guess Disney does some things right
Hard for me to ignore Taika’s propensity to give himself increasingly major roles in his own films. Would’ve respected him a bit if he killed off Korg.
It sucked for a very simple reason.  They tried to make a comedy out of something that is inherently tragic:  Loved ones dying young.
Thor FIVE? Sheesh put it away already.
This was the DUMBEST movie I've seen in years.  I'd rather watch CATS
Horrible movie…just bad.
Ok drinker, great video but I do have a favor to ask of you, so put down the whiskey bottle and please fix this the 💩 of a movie. They had one of the best villains and actor and found a way to Frak this up. So use your imagination and fix this 💩. Thanks be blessed and don’t drink to much today lol. J/k drink as much as you want. You can even have my portion of alcohol because I don’t drink lol
To be honest when i go watch with my friends about halfway into the movie i walked out because I feel very hard to continue watching it   And the only good thing i can remember on that day is the food and it was good
Christian Bale deserved better
I thought the same but then realized that this film really is for children. When I looked at it like that then the film became more tolerable.
I've seen every MCU movie and grew up as a fan of Marvel cartoons, video games, cards, toys, etc. And I LOVE Waititi, Jojo Rabbit is one of my top 10 most favorite movies. But I tried to watch this movie 3x already and keep turning it off
If I ever write a movie about a drunk Scotsman, I'm getting the Drinker to help me write it.
Pretty sure Taika’s girlfriend is no where involved in this film 😂
You really hit the nail on the head with this one with why it was such a let down  I just hope that marvel improves on their movie even though I know it's just wishful thinking at this point
To be pointlessly fair, Marvel's Thor has never had much, if anything, to do with Norse Mythology
This 10 minutes video beats the whole Thor L & T in everything
Disagree with ya here drinker. Movie was a comedy and it was hilarious. Mission accomplished. Not sure what you expect from taika and thor ? Movie was the best of phase 4
I liked it :D
I'm glad someone with the following like u can say this without being prosecuted by the fans cus the 1 time I tried to go against popular opinion recently with prey I got destroyed how could u dare say that this movie Sucked it  was a timeless classic it's better than predator 2 an maybe the original smfh! Basically if you don't have a big enough following and you have an opinion like this you will not live to see tomorrow 😂😂 these fans be brainwashed to the point no matter what marvel puts out they can do no wrong hey you're just a hater it doesn't have to be all about the story sometimes it could just be about looking pretty an being stupid funny   like what the fuck since when do we watch a movie just for looking pretty an being stupid funny is this how dumb down the masses have became!
Every.Single. Reply in this thread is like 4 of the bots
Love and thunder was so disappointing.
This movie made me appreciate The Dark World which I thought was something that could never be done. At least that film had stakes that could be taken seriously and didn't treat Asgard like a joke like Love And Thunder did. It's not flawless, but a helluva lot more watchable than this trashheap.
I quit Marvel after Endgame because that was a perfect ending. Vids like this let me know I made the right choice.
When Thor said “It’s Thorbin’ Time”, I was just overcome with. Never before has a movie truly been this. Out of ten.
Masterful
I’m so glad they at least made an effort with No Way Home. That was the only phase 4 movie I really cared about.
Thx boss And thank you for Speaking for the people . You represent everything that we need in the movie business right now.
Saw it, mediocre at best... Same curse that permeates the vast majority of hollywood.  More focus on pomp and spectacle, 'safe' and simple low depth writing and crowd appeasement. Could have been a better story overall, if more care was taken into cohesive writing rather then serving some vague whim.
At this point do we even need an explanation as to why it sucked?
How the MCU deals with humor these days is a major issue. Phases 1-3 dealt with it in a way in which the humor was more of an ice breaker or a light hearted exchange between the characters that never messed with or ruined a serious plot. The story was still every bit as serious as it was needed to be. Phase 4 treats humor like its a necessity in every show or movie irrespective of what the story requires. Thor love and thunder is a film which requires a very serious approach given it's context. Instead Waititi was like "make Thor funny hehehehe"
Love and Thunder happened because Ragnarok was successful.  The studio let go of their director leash and let Waititi run wild. Not unlike what happened with Jenkins and WW84.
Yeah this movie was shit
The entire movie bored me death. Zero laughs by the audience, in a full theatre, for the entirety of the movie.
coincidently I watched this a 2nd time the other day. it really is a disappointing follow up to ragnarok. mile a minute jokes (that aren't even funny and run too long), wokeness shoved down your throats, confusing plots, forced macguffins. there were many occasions for taika to show his serious side with jane dying, handling cancer, or had pulled the trigger and killed off either korg or valkayie but showed what a narrow minded limited director he is
Mortal, a 2020 Norwegian film was far better than Thor Love and Thunder.
*Thor **_" Previlige & Woker "_*
MCU is now thrash ever since it's been purchased by Disney
This movie is lucky She Hulk came out right after it so it only had to be the worst installment in the MCU for like a month
Thor dark world may not be  Perfect but at least it was a film you can take  Seriously i also  Noticed that I was able to  Balance comedy and seriousness quite well which is more i could say for both ragnark  and love and thunder both were just bad
Watching Thor 4 made me feel like the character Taika played in Free Guy made this movie
It actually makes me think of Goerge Lucas when he lost the fine tuning of supporting staff when doing the prequels
Better question "What about Thor Love and Thunder DIDN'T Suck?"
I like Love & Thunder… sure it’s not Ragnarok but it’s still decent enough.
9:14 That right there is a Monkey D. Luffy wanted poster t-shirt, even though its blurred out you can tell thats what it is if you've seen the wanted poster itself. I cringe that I share a fandom with this man (if he is indeed a fan and not just wearing the shirt because his kids got it for him or something), and I shutter that if given the opportunity to direct a one piece film, what he would do to such a beloved IP..... KILL ME!
Chuck Norris did the split scene better when filming the airplane splits and with no cgi.
I doubt more then 10 people would have reccomended you review this, but try reviewing Perfect Blue and/or Tokyo Godfathers
Thor and hulk were the strongest characters in mcu, but then they were destroyed; hulk was a menacing threat that should be used only as a last resourt untill he became smart hulk and he was as usefull as a spit in the ocean, and thor who was a joke in endgame and love and thunder untill the script decided that he's badass now
This man speaks nothing but the truth.
Man I wish I could write good stories.
I'll be honest. This movie made me realise how great Thor 2 was. The first movie had always been my favourite, but the sequel was very forgettable. But I see more potential in that movie and how it could have been great with a better script. It was worse than the first but still better than most of phase 4. I'd choose Thor 2 over L&T any day.
This movie made me feel very indifferent about it.  It neither made me angry or mad nor happy and excited. To me that's the worst criticism I could give anything. Because movies are supposed to inspire some kind of feeling. This movie did none of that.
Thor Love and Thunder for me was alright it wasn't as bad as some say but it wasn't as good either, I think it's just mediocre.
Seriously I fell asleep watching this movie. Didn't even make it halfway through. Had no interest in this film at all whatsoever.
“Thor: Afterthought” was too on-the-nose…
as a parody it wasn´t even that bad
So if this is written by a hyperactive twelve year old what's doctor strange and the multiverse of madness writen by a 5 year old yes this movie is garbage but at least its not the literal writing diarrhea that is the scrip of doctor strange
The only great thing about the movie was when they killed Korg... Oh wait that never happened.
Thor love & Thunder & Doctor strange 2 both horrible movies don't interest us investing our time like we did wit Avengers infiti war &  endgame phases! They better not ruin guardians of the Galaxy 3!
Just not the Thor I grew up with. Big fail.
Soft pretzels are so good and Waffles with Honey and syrup are just simply amazing the guys in the Middle Ages had some really good junk food 😅I may be tone deaf with this but which is better Waffles or Pancakes
I was so happy to see that Thor love and Thunder came out because i read the comics before and this was probably the best Comic with Thor and after watching this just really made me realize how bad the MCU has gotten.
It upsets me that they put such a good villain in such a mediocre film that had all the opportunity to be a decent if not good film
...Seen Ragnarok twice, and never realized that was Matt Damon.
I was here in the first 3 mins.
Taika Waititi gave me the vibe of that famous quote of George Lucas directing here "faster, more intense". Taika saw the succes of Ragnarok and could only think, more of that, more jokes, more banter more, more, faster, more intense, more funny
The biggest thing that killed any amount of enjoyment I had in the movie was when Zeus was introduced. They made him into an absolute fucking joke and then "killed him". Like no way did you just do that. I hope we don't see any more gods from any more pantheons coz I don't wanna see them be disneyfied
Movie was okay. Ragnorok was the best, followed by the first. It wasn't as bad as the second thor movie.
The biggest crime they did in this film was making Gorr a kidnapper, he was NEVER that in the comics. Plus Tessa Thompson literally kept bugging producers to add more gay scenes for Valkyrie during production 😐💀
Me to Thor - The Dark World: "Perhaps I treated you too harshly"
The only part of Love and Thunder that was decent was Christen Bale’s performance as Gorr, that movie really didn’t deserve him.
I clicked the notification so fast that I thought I am the Flash instead of Ezra Miller
Anthony Hopkins also did a great Loki impersonation.
Easy. Cause Tiger Wikipedia has never , ever directed or wrote a good movie. Just look at the skanks he bangs ?!?
It sucked because of woke culture!
Lads, I'm assuming you all know a bit about storytelling from watching this channel, what are some tips you've got for someone looking to write a decent story/script?
🐐I loved the GOATS!!!🐐
Analysis like this, is precisely why more of the EFAP crew should be down with ATLA.  Absolutely full of scenes that hit 4 out of 3 criteria.
I was dragged to it by my gf. I didnt expect high art but a shitty marvel shlock we are all tired of anyway. It was exactly that. As such i didnt hate it. I expected a b movie superhero bullshit and thats what i got.
Thor was just too silly in this. My consistent thought throughout the movie was "i'm glad I did not pay for this".
Loki is just tw*t
Didn't even bother. Why would anyone?
Glad I wasn’t the only one who thought the theater scene was a good point of comparison between both movies. I knew I liked you, Drinker. Great minds think alike!
after Thor Ragnarok & how good that was this was beyond a letdown to the point I watched half of this movie & turned it off once my friend seen it an told me how mediocre an blah it was I refused to go to the movie theater an spend 💰 to see it  us fans got to let them know we demand higher quality we don't just want mediocre copy and paste market towards  kids so u can sell merchandise but not have any real value or meaning while watching it!
Thumbnail legendary
Thor: For the Love of Odin...STOP!!
It sucks since it’s a modern movie (Not true always, but usually)
The oversaturation of comedy, the mediocre villain and stupid moments were this film's downfall.
With Hollywood pushing THE MESSAGE so hard,.mainstream movies are on a Kirk Cameron production level of cringe.
I am glad u are doing videos like this for us normal guy who can sense that a movie sucks, but can't find reasons
Huh, never expected to see this kind of video again.
I wonder if Taika is tired of MCU and did this to make sure he’s never included again
Only people who didn't come from Tiktok are worthy of liking this 🏆
Only people who didn't come from Tiktok are worthy of liking this 🏆
Petition for Critical Drinker to actually be a screenwriter for Marvel
Thor Ragnarok sucked too, Drinker.
“The cancers right behind me isn’t it?”
YEAH, BUT YOU CAN NOT BEAT THE GOATS!!! ....haven't laughed so hard since the pandemic started!! LOL!!!🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Are you telling me there’s a third Hemsworth? Oh god
Watched this recently on Disney plus and came away feeling a bit violated.
i couldn't even watch the first song bit
—wait so who has Zeus’ lightning bolt now?
I don't know why everyone seems so surprised at this. Disney is just turning the OG Avengers into Disney Princesses one by one....we have got Captain Carter,Lady Hawkeye,The Marvel's,She Hulk,Sylvie....and now Love.
Seeing Taika Waititi laughing at the CGI after the film had released was such a gut punch. A director I'd previously respected shitting on the (likely very overworked) CGI artists that helped to make the film just seemed so callous.  After Ragnarok, this was an incredible disappointment.
“CoMe On It WaSnT bAd, YoU jUsT cAnT hAvE fUn “ No. It was shit. Most disappointing addition to phase 4.
Kathleen Kennedy emptied the coffers there's no money left for anything now that's why CGI is getting worse and worse
drinker is back break out the buckie boys
Another Disney movie I’m never going to watch.
W
Do u have an audiobook for your novel, if not would you. Love listening to your videos while I work but would love that for your book too ❤️
I hated everything about this movie. Non-stop wine aunt humor. The movie couldn't shut up for two seconds to let any of the scenes breathe.
Early comment :^)
Basically it seems like marvel is starting to be more about quantity than quality hey let's push out as many mediocre movies/shows as we can cus we know we've established ourselves instead of putting out 1 or 2 timeless films at a time!
This was the greatest mistake of Christian Bale's career, what a pile of burning shit
Even my girlfriend didn't like this movie and she likes most movies she watches. No matter the pain it causes me!
Damn, I must be the only one who liked this movie. Just needed more gorr
Just watched it and yeah, wasn't great, but still better than new Dr Strange which was terrible
I can't see Thor recovering from the last attrocity
I felt the screaming goat train had moved on a decade ago.
It sucked because everything sucks now. Simple equation: Is it a thing? If yes, it sucks.
I watched this film not long ago. I actually hated it. There's almost zero redeeming features about it (Russel Crowe trying to be Greek was funny to me at least, and Christian Bale is doing a good job). Easily among the three worst marvel films.
Was that Melissa Macarthy? Ewww
1 min gang
Yet ANOTHER Scene Comparison involving Melissa McCarthy on the negative side. 🤣
Imagine a movie like Deadpool making a better story arc about cancer than a movie with Christian Bale and Natalie Portman in it…
Short Answer: It was *Woke*
Is dc better then marvel right now ?
I'm a simple man. I see new Drinker video, I click.
It sucked because it was typical woke SJW garbage. The only people who liked this movie, we're apart of the pronoun coalition
The opening scene with Gor was the only decent part of the whole movie
Everytime Critical Drinker posts I just know I’m gonna have a fun time watching. 😂 keep up the great work
The thumbnail tho 😂😂😂
Let's go
Would of never guessed that movie sucked. Truly shocking.
"No views"  "32 seconds ago"  *Keanu Reeves activates* - Woah
I am a zookeeper in chicago and I regularly feed the hippos day old sausages so they have a taste of their home. I put strings on the sausages and swing them around the hippos they get so mad at me and scream but it's an obsession sometimes the hippos try and break out of their cages but I keep swinging those hotdogs in wide circles over their heads. Luckily my boss doesn't know I do this or my coworke
Thor: Woke and Scissors
Fourth!
Man this movie disappointed me the director of THE NORTHMAN needs to helm thor and remake thor ragnarok but we know marvel isnt ready for that also Good shit drinker
Thor Love and Thunder made me realize just how good the first Thor film from 2011 was.
Didnt help that it had a brain-AFK director and some forced female representation like 99% of all those new marvel movies
It sucked cus they're officially only worried about the 💰 vs  the story has became 2nd hand that was what made everything leading up to avengers endgame so good each story continued on engaging your interest towards the end goal!
Y'know, you could've just put a title card up saying Thor Love and Thunder sucked and no one would have doubted you.
Yeah I love Thor he's my favourite marvel character but this movie is garbage
This movie somehow managed to suck, blow, and swallow
13th comment
Thank god Taika Wanktiti is no longer in MCU as we know so far. Let’s keep it that way
Could it be because everything woke turns to shit?
I actually thought it was pretty decent.. atleast some new elements to it
Thor love and thunder and she hulk mark an end of an era for marvel
Hell yess
Screw it. ... FIRST
Jesus you watch some shit.
👍👍
Dayum I’m early
We never needed this terrible movie. But money- or the promise of it- talks.
Love you so!
Yes.
First
First
First!!
💀
