7:46 SHE'S PREACHING
Dhar is the MANN
dhar mann is so nice 🥹 the bday surprise aw
“Hey what’s up!” “What’s up dude?” “Whats up?” “How are you man?” 5:10
August 23,2020: Video of dhar mann collaborating with cody                                                                                                                                   August 28,2020: this video drops.                                                                                                                                                                                       why did you roast dhar in the first place when you collaborated with him,that too just 5 days after your colab with him.......INTERESTING
I didn't know Dhar Mann was chill like that
I absolutely love Kelsey, she’s so supportive and sweet. Kody is a very lucky man :)
Just make the Canadian say, "I'm sorry!" That's the line!
This is one of the BEESST videos from dhar mann channel  that makeme cry
YouTuber makes fun of Dhar Mann, instantly regrets it. The youtuber then puts himself in the shoes of Dhar Mann and realises all of the hard work that gets put into a video he easily mocks as “cringe”. So you see, don’t judge a book by its cover.
19:51 that was an incredible Cody Ko impression!
THE SURPRISE PRESENT? THAT'S SO F CUTE
Now make a that’s cringe of this video 😂
i’m late to comment but the funniest part of this whole thing is that servers make waaaaaayyyyy more than cooks do at least at 90% of restaurants  😂
Anybody else find it ironic that his merch is called the patience collection but he cut off the outro because he couldn't wait to share lmao
You can really tell Kelsey is a teacher.
Cant wait for Kelsey and Cody to show this to Otis when he gets impatient
Tell the McDonald’s girl to go away
15:39 head chef looks so happy
It’s crazy how good of an actor dhar mann is with people who are as well known as Cody and not to his own employees. Edit: everyone who made videos on dhar man including moist critical acknowledged the fucked up shit dhar Mann did. Chody 100% should’ve done so as well
Lol. His actors went on strike.
9:09 "scene 2, take 26". Is Stanley Kubrick directing this?? That's a shit ton of takes! DAMN
i cant get over how unsorry you sounded while saying "im sorry man..."
How do you gift somebody 5 million subscribers?
Love you trying new things
dahr man is actually so sweet omg
i cant wait for kelsey and cody to show their future son this
im pissed off because high-heat eggs are delicious, although it takes just about the same time to cook as low-heat eggs because the pan needs to get really hot
This episode of the bear is crazy
Cody not  knowing what to write is me intimidated by hard math or timed math tests
this is so pure
It’s easy to roast him but to be as honest as I can be his content does actually play into genuine issues that can happen and genuine messages that mean alot
i miss cody’s keano reeves hair
I’m not gonna lie, this video through and through, between you working, the actual Dhar Mann video, your interactions with Kelsey, etc. might be the best video I’ve ever seen on YouTube because there’s so many things regarding each topic I mentioned that hit home to me
*I’m happy for you guys!* 😁
Dhar Mann seems really cool, and very humble to work with critics like this.
I'm actually a bit disappointed the Cody hasn't publicly said ANYTHING about Dhar Mann since everything came out. Jarvis made a video about it and stopped his long running successful 'Dhar Mann bingo' series.
We need more Cody and Dar Mann colabs
Cody looks at script and sees his new line, “I’m so sorry, Mann.”
Dhar man is an absolute badass irl
Gordon's eyebrows are fantastic
Well, for those who have seen this and maybe seen a couple comments saying "this aged like milk", I can explain. Some actors at Dhar Mann studios have decided to protest against him for his unfair pay rates (actors should be paid by day, not by the hour), and Dhar refused to talk to them himself. So yeah... he's not all he's cracked up to be.
Damn…this ain’t age well
That was a dope collab! And that merch beat at the end had me cutting the rug like a roomba with scissors lol
The fact that this video has 3.7 million views yet the actual sketch has 30 million views is hilarious
DHAR MANN AAAAAAAHHH
did he pay you
NOOO YOU TURNED TO THE DARK SIDE
This is my first time watching this video, I’ve been training at my job for a month and get frustrated it’s taking too long so this message is perfect for me actually lol
So, it is truth that every man has a price and the Dhar man found the price of little Cody. I bet it was chip advertising for Dharni and the Cody got some more money for his drug necessities. Smooth.
Dhar Mann is a bo$$ 😎
in all honesty though - I like Kody's spin on the dahr man lesson with the antagonist learning a lesson with the forgivness of others and humility.  I like it more than the antagonist just  going to hell and never seeing them change
The choice of the director to repeatedly zoom in and freeze on the egg:  on the floor, on the pan, on the floor and on the floor is a revelation.
I really am so curious about cody's thoughts on the recent  protests
Honestly I thought Dhar Mann was very cringe but then you brought up the fact with people not speaking English, deaf people, kids etc. and suddenly those videos make a lot more sense. Because they are visually very loud and on the nose, they are understandable even if you don’t speak English that good and most important no matter who you are you will get the message. I worked with mentally disabled people for years. And I know that one of them loves those videos, because he says they are easy for him to understand.
I like how Dhar Man is gueniuinly good person
I actually thought he called him Gordon as a joke like Gordon Ramsay so it surprised me his name was actually Gordon lmao
In light of recent happenings and like the rest of the YouTube creater community, I hope CodyKo speaks out/makes a video addressing Dahr Mann’s predatory and exploitative treatment of people in his studio as resources instead of people. Especially since CodyKo would have seen inside the studio to some degree, given the content of this older video. I really appreciate how creators like Jarvis Johnson have used their platform to get the word out, but in a way that acknowledges that we don’t have all of the facts and merely is trying to get the word out that something might be going terribly wrong.
SHIT WENT SOUTH WHAT HAPPENED
Damn Lmaoo dahr man in this video did not age well
https://youtu.be/h-uAcFczh_I
Cody....you mentioned your own greatness and D man's and his teams great production... You didn't mention Kelseys absolute 1/3 part in this video.
I'm seriously so proud of Kelsey. She's so humbly taking it all in. She did that and is watching it come to fruition. ♥️ Good job kels
I really hope Kelsey gets more credit. I had no idea she literally came up with the storyline and plot. Dahr man said Cody has the sauce (which he does) but Kelsey HAS THE SAUCE!!!!!!
I think Kelsey knew haha one of the reasons why I think you guys are a great couple
For some reason, someone saying they rethought quitting their job made me tear up
You can tell Kelsey is/was a teacher ❤
Your right 2m but no after 2years it Will be 17m
Watching the clips of that "patience is a virtue" video makes me think the twist at the end is... the impatient guy secretly has a terminal illness so he knows he has only a couple of years to fulfil his dreams  "Well I don't HAVE years!"
L OB YRANA SLLLL NNGLFLLGFLFLF
Haha this is great I watched this video on my own time and thought I recognized you
I worked in a restaurant for a while when I was younger and although I've never heard anybody say "Behind" while walking behind someone, I must have heard "Corner" about a thousand times a day! The head chef would actually bitch you out if you came around any corner at all without announcing it first.
it’s 2022 and that video has 29 million views
My enjoyment of this was proportionate to how much I relate to Kelsey being just the BIGGEST FAN of her bf. My bf is writing a book and I fangirl like this constantly. The numbers are coming in high, folks.
I still feel like it's bit of content farm with moral lesson recycled over and over again but now I do see them bit more favourably. In world with daddy of five and Ace family... this is simply a production company that knows their audience, knows what makes people click and what keeps people interested ...while teaching positive moral lessons.
I am 7
Your being not nice by making un of tem
Did dharmann call him nick
i love this <3 good content cody
this is the best thing I've ever seen I'm legit tearing up!
Dhar Mann surprising him with a 5M subscriber gift is OMG
Inspiration
bro this video changed my whole view on Darr man  # changed life
Still waiting for Cody and Noel to hang out with Girl Defined
Commentary YouTuber makes fun of Dhar Mann, INSTANTLY regrets it
"hey what's up man?" " yea what's up?"  "what's up?"
Dude dhar is probably cooler than most people cody hangs out with. People forget there's real people on the other side of that screen and you don't really know them until you talk and interact with them. It's crazy how the internet connected the world but also made us distance ourselves at the same time
Cody's acting was gold
Cody looked so disappointed she didn’t get his “let’s get this bread” line in a video about chefs lol
well seasoned water
Bro has gained almost 14 mil subs in less than 2 years
This is so damn respectable man wow
Even tho he's corny, this was a sweet video lol. I also really appreciate how diverse the D Mann's videos always are!! That's amazing. Plus the head chef actor was pretty dang good, ngl. Wish someone that patient existed when I worked in a kitchen 🥲 lol
dude really spelt sous chef su chef
That “behind” was really inspiring to me
Omg you did write !! That is awesome. I didn't even know that was your 😆
Wait did you write the chef storyline 😳
I love God and Jesus with all my heart!
7:16 I love how the cat is indestructible
3:13
This is still better written than the usual dhar Mann video, but I understand the simplicity of the usual videos now
The second script sounded funny as
This is why you are legit, this is different, very forward moving
+Respect to dhar mann
Patients are a virtue? Why?
dharry manny
damn Kelsey drippin in the McDonalds merch
Darr Mann's vids might be cringy AF but he himself is a great person
I mean are the corny, cliche and all - yeah. But they are not like malicious. I mean people advising tatally awful or dangerous things have million subscribers .
This was the most wholesome video I’ve seen in a long time. This is awesome :)
yo kodster, where do u get ur fresh fits bro
Cody Ko makes fun of Dhar Mann. What happens next will shock you.
Dhar mann seems like such a down to earth dude
Kelsey is just like me when one of my ex's rap music came out and its literal trash
I am scared to tell the video is bad, he is just so proud and happy
It is ironic that Cody thinks it's impressive to be Lele Pons (equating Dhar Mann's viewership numbers and subscriber count to quality). Clickbait and targeting kids is absolutely successful, but it doesn't mean it's good content. Dhar Mann played Cody good in this one.
this is honestly so wholesome. from cody making fun of dhar mann and then working with him and becoming friends, to kelseys reactions watching it with cody. Full circle, we love to see it
This came out right after my birthday
5:26 he was Getting some payback
every restaurant i’ve worked in the BoH is always trying to move up to FoH it’s crazy that in some restaurants it’s an upgrade to go from server to cook
It's my dream to become part of the Dhar Mann Cinematic Universe
dhar mann is still cringey as fuck tho idk
Cody Makes Fun of Dhar, Dhar Teach him a lesson, The ending is shocking, he instantly regrets it 👅😆
Dhar Mann seems like such a chill guy
idk why, but when the egg hit the floor twice. shit was sooo fucken funny
omfg does cody ko like lil peep?
come on Cody how can you sell out to this guy?? hes a complete charlatan fraud. he IS bad, his videos arent just corny theyre superficial and hypocritical so disappointed as a fan of you
The most watchable merch plug
The fact that the two chefs in the script are called  'Jake' and 'Paul'.   8:14
“Su” chef omg Cody 😂😂 4:40
i'm literally only upvoting for Kelsey and Dhar, they both did a Dhar Mann on you to teach a valuable lesson to be more open minded and not such a dipshit on the internet. I think the main thing you could've known about Dhar Mann's videos are that he has an international audience. Yes, making those videos in a weird way where he sells his platform and business is shady, but the rest of the things where he even makes those videos and the content on them isn't the problem. I immediately knew they were for an international audience from the get-go and there's a valuable lesson, esp for white men like you, to know that the world doesn't start and end with americans/canadians/white people 🙃
You went far too easy on him. Dhar Mann has 13 counts of felony fraud and  he stole 44k from the city of Oakland. He also scrubbed all his info from the internet using his ill-gotten millions with this toxic positivity, so people wouldn't see that he slept with two persons under 16. He is also a donating Trump supporter.  Seriously, he is a terrible person.
people be like : dHaR mAnN iS cRiNgE  THE INSIDE: DAMN I don't have act kindness   me : hah you just jealous that Dhar Mann is a beast
Bambi‘s mom dying made me cry less than humbled Cody being touched af. Pure gold!
It's funny bc servers make more than cooks at most restaurants (after tips)
I love that Dhar mann said “I’ll check with my team if they feel good about it” before saying yes to cody!
I’m so late to this video, but Cody and Dhar Mann is the collab I never new I wanted, but always needed
7:58 the dynamic here reminds me of the Dhar Mann video him and Noel reacted to where the woman's bf just roasts her in the background
Dude Dhar Mann was so fucking wholesome I love him now
Ko's 2nd story was 10x better then the one we got lol
19:22 I CANT STOP LAUGHING AT THE GUY THAT BIKE!😂😭
I really admire Cody's self awareness and that he's not just a mindless hater but always keeps an open mind and is willing to learn and change his perspective. Sometimes seeing him hate things so fiercely made me feel insecure about what I do or did because someone might read it as that cringe, but then I see him actually consider the other side of the coin and it's easier to remember that in this complex world there are so many sides and dimensions to everything, so you know. I may be cringe but I am free. It's his payed job to make fun of things that are easy to make fun of, but as a person he understands that it's not all there is to it.
Thanks cody, you made me think Dhar Mann was a joke to respecting him
I'm honestly so proud of everyone involved in this❤
0:03 thats his ACTUAL FRICKIN VOICE!?    :')
0:47 fellow lil peep fan??
Idk why i never saw this but I was dying everytime cody got in camera
The fact this has made within the top 20 most viewed videos on Dhar Manns YouTube channel at 25 million views
Bro the ding that went off the moment your girl sat on you 😂
its funny how he does his own modeling
Dhar man’s videos are garbage!! His audience isn’t universal, it’s under 15
Cody ko looks like Bradly Nowell
I’m so sorry man :/
I watched a video about roasting Dhar Mann's video about people roasting his videos, heard Cody's name in the video as one of the people who roasted him, started watching Cody from that, and now full circle back to this video watching Cody react to a video of him in a Dhar Mann video. And I've enjoyed every single moment of it 😌 wholesome af
Dhar Mann genuinely seems like the coolest dude tbh
Man, I already liked Dhar Mann kinda just as a creator that made content my favorite creators reacted to - Charlie, Muta, Noel, and Cody all kinda tear him a new one but they don't outright speak ill of him, and I'm glad they didn't. He seems like a genuinely sweet and considerate guy.
Un Ironically I think this is one of dhar man's better videos
this is the coolest video ive seen to understand the deeper value of his videos
Pog
Now it makes sense why they enunciate things so strongly
this whole process is such a testament to how much of a good dude Cody seems to be.
DHAR MAHN
Omg Kelsey kissing Cody's forehead after his big acting moment is the sweetest! Love how they're obviously best friends and adore each other- but they don't flaunt their relationship. They're just naturally in sync and make a great team. You love to see it.💖
*drinks water* It's got so much flavor!
I LOVED this video and the sketch. Both show an incredible amount of time, energy, and love. The cartoons in this video were a great story-telling technique. It's so different from the Cut reaction videos / Moment of Truth videos that I am so obsessed with. THAT'S NOT A TEAR; I ATE SOMETHING SPICY. So inspirational for us lil growing YouTube channels.
I still wanna see Cody's No More Fake Friends video, but still through the Dhar Mann lens.
16:41 the look of a proud father XD
You 2 are so friggin adorable together xx
Kelsey looked like she was gonna beat up the cook that yelled at Cody 😂❤
@3:33 The many faces of Writers Block   🤣🖤
Watching Jay Shetty and Dharr Mann videos really set the bar. Jay's like the philosopher while Dharr's the toddler
Cody on the phone: do you want to do a video with me? It’s okay If not you can just punch me in the face
Why have I never seen this😂😂😂😂
WTF!? Fool does NOT know how to cook eggs!
Holy how am I so late to this party look at that like ratio!!!!
“I gotta get this bread now!” Cody’s only real contribution calling it.
Wow it really was so good.
This video actually helped me appreciate the Dar Man videos.  I too thought they were uncomfortably cliche and cringey, but now understanding why the acting and dialogue is the way that it is for people who don’t speak English very well… I love it ❤️
This is amazing 😭😂
the one time "stop doing comedy" wasn't an insult
Legendary level of selling out cody.
Anyone else see how Cody knuckled his elbow. 🤣
holy shit dhar mann is such a cool guy
8.30 gotta love a nice fist bump to the elbow
HOLY FUCK 😂😂😂 it took me all the way up until u started watching it to realize that i hella already watched this dharr man video lmaooo and ive only seen maybe like 6-8 of his videos 😂😂
Best part of this video is right before 8 minutes when kelsey is tellin him what hes learning doing this 😂😂😂
The "behind" made me feel so represented as a line cook
2019 cody: make fun of derp mann 2020 cody: expose derp mann's strategy of how he makes his videos get 150M views 2021 cody: why are people using derp mann's strategy
Gayyy
fiyjb 7f97f
I was so confused I thought he made another video it's because he has the same haircut again
Here is the real  question: What is written in Untitled1 document?
Lmao Dharrman really is cool
How can he be mad when he said behind??
11:58 Wholesome❣️
whats with that door that jake goes through at the end wheres the knob
My girlfriend watches Dharr mann unironically... She is Korean.
Get noel back
I just recently discovered Cody's channel but I love how Kelsey looks at him. It's so nice!
It’s so cool that you did that. Good for you man.
I think its so nice and adorable how proud kelsey is of cody. Its really nice to see, it made my eyes tear up a little. I want a relationship like this. Good job cody and kelsey, this video was super
truly moving
Kevin's restaurant isn't that good, it doesn't even have a door handle
U ever notice how cody’s scene started with take 26?? Cody how did u fuck that up so many times
It is not corny you're wrong about that here!
People asking "'How did he go from a server to a cook?'"   It's not impossible at all. We once had a coworker who worked as a housekeep for many years. One day, we were quite surprised when we saw him wearing a cook's uniform, pulling a food cart throughout the hallway and delivering meals from room to room. We found out that he became a part of the kitchen staff, which made sense since we hadn't seen him in weeks. Nevertheless we are proud of him because he looks a lot happier with his new assignment.
I feel like Cody wasn’t willing to be vulnerable enough to be genuine at the end. You can see Kelsey was so proud and happy for him. My view on these types of videos has truly shifted from this!
I found Dhar Mann during the quarantine, and immediately thought, "these are meant for the entire population. Not just Americans." That's why they are over acted, and have basic lines while speaking. Translation. I mean, Dhar Mann hasn't changed my life. But he has made me think about things in different ways. Or at least, think about things I already thought, but rethink them all over again. I now contemplate situations that COULD and DO happen. Just not to me, yet anyway....
This honestly helped me lmao
i was literally drinking a tall boy bud light as you looked in the box and i seen multiple... awesome.
this man is a fucking peep fan hell yah
Kelsey saying 'I LOVE IIIIT! It's so good!!!' ..Cute as hell!
Cody ko you are the best 👌
this is so much more wholesome than i thought it would be
Dhar: How are you? Cody: I’m good Mann.
dhar mann actual seems chill and epic
I’ve never really watched Cody . I came to laugh at Dhar Mann videos and left feeling like an asshole.  Awesome content dude
Ngl Dhar Mann getting Cody a 5m subscriber present is so sweet!
darman acc seems like a cool guy you should do more videos with him
I love that he named the head chef Gordon 😂
What Dharr Man real name
As someone who works at a restaurant, adding the “behind” as his only line is comedic genius
Egg: Flies off the pan Jake:... Cody:... Jake: Bro wha- Cody: I have done the unforgivable and I deserve to isolate myself in the Himalayas for life to atone for myself.  Jake: ......So... Are you cleaning this up or..?
Honestly this was the best Darman  video i have seen...that dumb "you see" line was gone and still got the lesson across so well!
Ohh shit bro no wonder cody was in that one dhar mann video
Awww this was really nice. Also Kelsey is soo sweet. Great video Cody, u killed it!
Omg how emotional!! Lol
Dude griffin gaming made fun of your Dharr mann video on live stream
Are people forgetting that Dhar mans videos are still extremely black&white, comical and hold no ground to how the real world works? This binary way of thinking about morality either  good or bad is just childish. And the solutions to his skits' conflicts are blatant and obvious.   You aren't really changing lives by creating delusional views on life.
meta
"You got promoted. Dont mess with my eggs, you donut" ~ gordon ramsay
The sad little slap of the egg hitting the floor gets me every time.
Awww this is so sweet. This is officially my favourite Cody ko video 💕
This…this is what I love. Emotional growth and people knowing how to take a joke without taking it to heart. And that 5mil gift was so sweet. 3:02
Kelsey was so cute and supportive 🥺
Secretly this video was written by dar Mann to see what's it like to make a Cody ko video
I liked this video and I liked the collab with Dhar. Although what I liked the most was that merch commercial in the end 😂👌
Why did i start to like Dhar Man after this he’s so sweet with the surprise gift and stuff 🥲
Yo Cody Dharr Man made you his bitch
Dhar Mann, I get that you have a universal audience. But you still do not need to speak to us in such a condescending and unnatural way. Rip offs are narrating better. They don’t talk to us like we are idiots. According to Tos, you have to be 13+ to sign up for YT and FB. She maybe upgrade to that.
0:48 AYEO CODY A PEEP FAN LETS GO‼️💯💯💯
This was your best video.
cody looks so proud
11:57 can tell that Casey proud of Cody
much respect to you and Dharr Man bro, im glad yall got to collab
Dhar Mann has scammed a lot of his employees recently. Yikessssss. These videos don't sit well now.
I think that a life lesson that I've always said, is that you give love to your lover, actively, as a joyful sacrifice, rather than are entertained by that person.  It kills me when couples separate because, "they just don't love each other anymore".   In other words, they aren't entertained by each other anymore, or basically the site of the other person, is no longer exciting.  That's not love, you give love moment to moment, as a choice to the other person... and vice versa.   It's a very important lesson for someone who thinks that love is being entertained by the qualities of the other person.
Kevin made the best water
Jesus loves yall
I subscribed to ur channel only coz of Dhar Man.....
That is exactly the thing that they did.  Angry chef threatens to fire...the dude.
I think I need a new bed .. that outro music made me go so hard 😳🤣
The second script  with the 2 rich white girls was just sormthing else lol.
8:40 cody looks like a little kid here
cody took his job very seriously, he made a bad video to roast it.
if you ever do something like this again in the future and need actors, i’d totally be down to audition/help out!
Anyone else distracted by the string at 12:44?
If I would talk to my Chef something like I know better how to cook eggs, or I don’t want to clean a single egg lying on the floor, I would be DEAD by now 😂
dhar mann is so sweet to you :)
5:36 that's not very POSITIVE dhar mann!
Lmao he really named his characters “Jake” and “Paul”
cody your a fucking man man in all aspects and it just boost the respect i have for you
Kelsey is the real game master
This is AMAZING!  Deep profound words MAKE MOREEE!
This was incredible!
New Dhar Mann Video: Twitch streamer does something actually important with his life, the ending is shocking
No ones talking about how that asshole looks like a thrift store Noel
CODY EXPOSED!
I can’t believe I haven’t seen this before. Cmon YouTube, D Man + Cody = Home page
Sorry everytime I sew Dhar Man all I see is Noel screaming DHARRE MAANN
Really such a sweet video
12:44 Not sure if people who’s second language is English would understand that line lol
I guess you can say that was Ko written
is this video the reason why cody won't make 'thats cringe' anymore?
i like this so much
Hilarious that the original names for the main characters were Jake and Paul. 😂
Dhar Mann seems super nice, and they do work hard, but his viral content is best described as compassion porn.  His highest viewed videos are all these “victim” categories that are very kitsch to care about in the current culture and social climate, and getting to see “mean people get their due.” Very one dimensional, very un-nuanced, very simple carb type diet to digest emotionally.  Which makes sense why it appeals to so many as the average human emotional maturity level is -2.  (In regards to 6:30, totally makes sense if you’re teaching a small child a lesson to build their moral base off of, but for other people who are supposed to be off milk and onto grown up food, hmmm.)
Got a soul snack ad on this video. Gotta love the irony 😂
He gets hired again as a server, Cody immediately drops an egg on the floor on purpose. “Clean it up server bitch”
Wow, this is why I relate and watch Cody instead of Ethan. He adapts, he grows, and he is becoming a better person. Wow.
Actually really loved that sketch. Great job to you and Dhar Mann and all the actors
“SU CHEF”
"I'm trying to get this bread now." Then become a baker.
The impatient chef probably thinks that he can cook meat at max temperature too. And then it burns while being raw on the inside.
It became the top 14 most watched Dhar Mann video with 21 million views.
7:16 Me in GTA 4.
The Dhar Mann sketch needed more cuts to you nodding and smiling tbh
The entire time they were watching the sketch Cody was giving me vibes of a 6 year old showing his mom a drawing of a dinosaur
Woah so all the cringey elements in dhar man’s videos are on purpose……  Damn
I hope dhar mann haters also watch this video!
I’m here where that video has 21 million views
Now its PewdIePie's turn
CODY WROTE SU CHEF 😂😂😂😂 As someone who works in the industry that was the funniest part of the video.  Sous (en français pour below) Chef.  Dhar Mann appears to be a chill guy.
this is blessed content
Cody: *puts on outfit*  Noel in the back: yo that ain't gonna fit
WAIT CODY CUT HIS HAIR….. whatttttttttttt
What does it say about me that I watched this video on 1.25x speed?
I literally saw that video y dint I notice Cody
good to see sergio aguero expanding into acting
Kelseys eyebrows piss me off lol
7/10 sketch, it would have been elevated if he threw in a couple "So you see..."'s with some flashbacks.
Cody makes a That's Cringe of people and then collabs with them
Šø ÿOù ŠĘe..
Goat mann
HEY DHAR MANN FAM, I HOPE YOU WATCH THE FULL VIDEO SO I GET MONEY, WERE NOT JUST HIRING PEOPLE, WERE ALSO HIRING YOUTUBEES
I'm sorry but it's pretty obvious that Dhar Mann could care less about "changing lives" and is just trying to maximize profits, he's a business man, nothing less, nothing more. His videos are generic and bland lessons which have little substance and come natural to the majority of people. All he's doing is manipulating people's emotions to draw attention and positive responses from the impressionable. Cody and Noel were absolutely right to make fun of this cash crop content. It disappoints me to see Cody play along with this shit through and through. It was entertaining nonetheless.
3:20 Anyone who has seen his instagram videos or his farting blue ass water video will know this statement is untrue. He just doesnt realize it.
i watched that video and didn’t realize cody was in it.
i cant be the only one who wants frictionless merch
My problem with the video is that no restaurant kitchen is this quiet 😂 although that's not particularly relevant to the moral of the story.
gosh it’s so refreshing that people understand jokes and are so cool with it
Cody hows it going good sir. Great Video with Darr Mann . I think you got some awesome feedback.  I am trying to do some video acting myself.  Thanks for the encouragement.  Best Regards, Bradley Lee Denver, Co
yenno, after reviewing the old stuff and going through this, the content was kind of mean. I like the change.
I have a friend named Cody Cook. Lol   This was a great video!
This man wrote “Su Chef”....  AHAHHAHA
It's funny how the people in the video applied at the restaurant  to be head chef instead of applying to get money lol
it's such a cool thing to see cody ripping on people then collabing with them. the dude dhar built the cringe from the ground up, he knows exactly what it is and who it's for. but my favorite part of all of this is that cody never loses. he wins even harder when he gets confronted about it lol. EDIT: mans really named the dickhead Jake and the head chef Gordon. what a legend.
Cody moving from server to cook is not a promotion 😂 He is gonna make waaaay less money. Cooks definitely deserve more recognition (and pay)
Man, these two really are such wholesome cinnamon rolls, aren't they? And then, there's the bonus cinnamon roll Kelsey! ❤
On a real note, this is what I enjoy about Cody. The fact that he was willing to try to understand the other side of things is awesone. I mean that's pretty rare amongst people because most people are assholes
Lol my dad showed me a darh man video and I just remembered this
We Got some neuw merch😂 my eyes are so bad
Cody while walking behind the cook: Im gonna end this mans hole careere
I wanna say something funny or clever, but all I got for you is "su chef" 4:36 🤷🏽‍♂️
I love how this emotional video becomes hilarious while watching with both of them.
OMG I WATCHED THIS ONE
I love it when cody collabs with the people he roasts its so wholesome.
And his name is DHAR MANN     AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
What a great video! Definitely a humbling and fun experience
kelsey loves cody so much and it makes me so happy. also this video rocks.
He should have had Noel react to it without knowing it’s cody
dharr man seems like such a genuinely nice guy wtf
this is AWESOME
I want to be friends with Dhar Mann
yall are so cute
cody's acting sent me
This is so wholesome
wholesome af
Dhar is a painfully good guy
It's just like Dhar Mann's other videos.
Wtf dhar mann is awesome ???
I came here to roast Dhar Mann for a third time, but I walked away with a wholesome lesson about not judging cheesy content at face value lmao
dhar man is a fucking great guy. fr tho mad respect to you and him.
Alright bro, im gonna need a song name for the merch plug at the end.  Waiting patiently for your response
11:41 Cody looks so adorable here for some reason! Lol
Wholesome
yo does kelsey look like rick mccranks sister? and nice jasper national park sweater!!!
the dar man
Mann bitch When I watched this I thought he made it
Cody looks like my vocal coach idk what to think
dhar man lowkey a goat
You're video at Dhar Mann youtube channel is at 19 million views now. So just another 50 million to go😉
I left a comment on the last one of these Dhar Mann’s. My mindset was where Cody’s was, but this video really opened my eyes to look beyond my initial opinions of things. I appreciate Dhar Mann’s approach and was glad to watch Cody’s growth.
just now seeing this but that’s crap i’ve been a server at my restaurant for 2 years and now they’re offering me a spot on the grill
WASSUP MAN ITS DHAAARR MANN lol that was funny
su chef
You know he's a good man when even if someone makes joke out of him but he can laugh at it.
Cody: roasts Dhar Mann  Dhar Mann: collabs with Cody
By time Dhar Mann popped up on the screen i was waiting for him to say “So,you see?” Lmao
Wow I almost cried! Dhar Mann’s skits always gets to me 🥺
MY LITTLE SISTER WATCHED THIS SKETCH YESTERDAY WTF
Since cody wrote it felt less dramatic which makes it less cringe, & still stay corny. I love it!
His idea actually exists now
OMFG! I love couples cringe!
now dhar mann should do a video in cody's style
"And I got a new friend" - that's probably the best result
can i get a yes chef
I hope to have a relationship like Cody and his girl
Dhar Mann is a genius. By fully embracing you roasting the fuck outta him all he did was make his fan base bigger. I'm not watching his videos, but if I ever hear someone say DHAR MANN I'm gonna say how fkn cool buddy is
What Kelsey said at 7:45 hits hard man lmfao
The second Cody came in for the last appearance I just started chanting.
This made me gain some respect for Dhar man
Dam I don’t hate Dharman videos anymore dam
Dude Dhar is the Mannnnnn
Cody : makes fun of kombucha guy Also cody : goes to the kombucha lair Coby (again) : makes fun of Dharr Mann  Also Cody (again) : collab with dharr mann Next time cody : Making music with the dobre brothers  which i hope won't happen haha
sips water mmmmm has much flavor
Let’s be honest, the sketch was unironically good.
Hahaha this was great, Dharr Mann has my respect, seems like a cool dude
7:33 what Jaystation has done
He seems so genuine and wholesome
Yo, the bitchy friends taking selfies with the chick in the coma I really would have loved to see.
why did this make me cry?????
it's kinda surprising to see how self-aware dhar mann is of the corniness/handwaviness of his content lol but mad respect to him, he seems like a genuinely nice dude
Cody "goddammit I'm an amazing writer" ko
Kelsey laughed when Cody said u can call me cody cook that's true love
Such a hater
Hey king of bastards ya It's Cody ko
The creators who take criticism this well are always the ones that endear themselves to not just their audiences, but their critics' audiences as well.   Before I was just laughing at Dhar Mann... But now I'm a Dhar Mann fann
This is great! I thought the Dhar Mann videos were corny too, but I kept watching and one day i realized I was tearing up. The video you wrote really fits the brand (minus the "so you see..." 😂) and it was actually really really good!!
You're an idiot if you think he's not paying for those views
HOLY SHIT I REMEMBER WATCHING THIS AND I DIDN'T EVEN REALISE THA CODY WAS IN IT AND THAT CODY WROTE IT THATS INSANEEE
omg I just love Kelsey she really out here spitting facts 😂💕
so wholesome
Dhar Mann is basically the best guy ever. I already kinda liked him from the roasting vids, but god damn he is so much better than i thought
i'm crying at "su chef"
What an innovative and really insightful collab! Commentary creators will make follow-up videos meeting people they've made videos on from time to time, but I don't think I've ever seen that follow-up take the form of genuine collaboration and synthesis. Brilliant idea honestly
he’s a great guy! i assumed he’d be a nice guy
I LAUGHED WITH THEM PLS
Man I love it when people who get clowned on take it lightly and go along with it lol, it just shows that they are really nice people like dhar and matty smokes
this was so cool to watch 🥺
I used to think Dhar Man was kinda cringe but the fact he tries to make the content as accessible as possible is super wholesome
It’s so funny that the only thing the chefs prepare are fried eggs😂
I hate that you didnt follow through with how problematic this guy is. hes teaching very young and dumb, because of mostly tik tok, that the world has no nuance, that bad people will show you how bad they are and that solutions as are simple as believing. he's making the world a worse place and i wish you would stick to your guns
DHAR MAN AAAAAHHHHH
Cody makes fun of Dhar Man, Instantly regrets it
So Dharman kills his haters with kindness 😎
Daaaam Cody got dhar mann a 16m view video
Dude he’s always smiling so at the end when he drops his smile to imitate Cody has me dead af
His room is an actual mess. Wtf
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT VIDEO ALWAYS APPEARS TO ME ON FACEBOOK AND I ALWAYS AVOID IT, IF I HAD JUST WATCH IT AND HAD SEEN CODY OUT OF NOWHERE SAYING "BEHIND" THAT WOULD HAVE DRIVEN ME CRAZY
Anyone noticed the bugs life music in the background
It’s so weird seeing Cody act serious
This should a Kelsey appreciation video, man, how good she is to Cody <3
Lol, why the fact that he tries to make his  fake deep content "universal" so that it can sell as much as he possible, makes him somekind of hero and we all reconsider our opinion and oww dher mann is so nice actually? Dude, it's bullshit and we don't need more shitty content like that. It's better to be real, bold, talk about actual problems adressing them in a authentic way and have a nieche than to do this shitty videos for views. Gtfo. The fact that he couldn't accept the critique and went so far to convience cody co that he's such a nice person actually, and what he does it's actually good.. ughhh
yay kevin! 👏🏽🎉
this is so fkn good
I was kinda confused, because I was thinking I was watching Yes Theory at first
best vid evarr
Dhar Man actually a genuine dude lol
I LOVE KELSEY'S AND CODY'S RELATIONSHIP SM! THAT FOREHEAD KISS OMG
New video series idea: Cody kook (cooking with cody)
Dude, Dharr Mann honestly just seems cool as fuck, and a really smart creator. And this video that Cody wrote was actually great, I love it.
I actually kinda like Dhar videos because i mean i feel like I know all the lessons but its so simple in the video that it makes it easier to understand and then he goes and lets Cody make a video for Dhars channel and then gives him a gift like what Also Codys sketch was amazing and he said behind like pay attention dude Amazing video
i got a transphobic ad on this smh i’m disappointed cody
That was pretty good Cody Ko!
4:12 Cody and Noel
Imagine a girl defined Cody collab
Oh my! I saw this episode and I didn't even fucking REALISE that was Cody! They even called him cody in that episode I had no idea! Man I'm dumb, I guess it just doesnt seem like a cody thing lmao
The Dhar Mann aesthetic is as carefully calibrated and even scientifically put together as material on Sesame Street. Simple lessons in simple English. Another reason for his success is the dearth of television shows that used to be like this. In the States, for example, the family sitcom is now nonexistent. Everyone's watching the internet, anyway, and the universality of this style may dumb things down a bit. But nothing will stop Dhar Mann's world dominance.
What a sweet and thoughtful gesture of Dhar Mann and his team to celebrate the 5 mil.
That was some flavorful water
Wow dharr mann is not at all who I thought he was. What a bro!
cody makes fun of dhar, lives to regret it
Suck
Why is this guy SO FUCKIN WHOLESOME 🥺💜
cody's girlfriend is a keeper man wish i could have someone like that😇
DHAR MANN
As soon as he told me that he had made it I had to watch it before watching the rest of the video
Cody: I could not wait another second Also Cody: this is the ~patience~ collection.
Such an EGG-cellent video 🍳
What I’ve learned from this video..... Cody should marry Kelsey.
Do is DHARR man still shit or not
What’s up man it’s *DDHHAARR MMAANN*
Wow they really named the impatient chef jake 🤣
As Jarvis Johnson said, just because Dhar Mann is apparently a chill person with all these strategies for reaching audiences of all types, it doesn't mean he has a free pass to make bad content.
Cody makes fun of dhar maan , and instantly regrets it...
You've become the very thing you swore to destroy
GIRL SKETCH WAS BETTER! this video was sick over all tho keep it up!
Haha "Are you moving? Why is your studio looking like shit?" - 1 month later you move into a mansion, "Yeah, I was moving." The moral of the story: Don't make fun of people with boxes in their studio. - There got your inspirational banger skit done
Good❤ Loved it!
Dhar Mann actually seems like a dude I'd wanna hang out with
Cody using pages lol
Youtuber makes fun of Dharr man, he lives to regret his decision.
If any creator can take a roasting and see it for what it is, comedy, they instantly deserve respect. Dharr Man seems like a top quality bloke!
The fact he wasnt offended proves hes either super fake or deep down is actually a good person and truly cares about people and the message
Dhar Mann is trash. He's a narcissistic douche. His videos are unrealistic and his endings rarely make sense.
11:34 Cody you looked so choked up XDD
Wow.  Just discovered your channel for the laughs, was loving all the cringe with ya, and ended up on this video...and I gotta say I’m truly touched.  I also learned why Dhar Mann is sooo literal, didn’t think about the non-English speakers and the kids.  The “bad people” in his videos really do make you HATE them.
Ok but like, I rlly didn’t expect this, like the 5mil thing? That’s so nice!
pfttt cody has lil peep on his recommended  😍😍
Char Mann is barf
All they need is to hire some writers and actors
Muigel purdue
LMAO I'M SO HIGH RN I WAS SMILING DURING THE ENTIRE END OF THE ANIMATION LMAOOO
11:42: IM SO SORRY MAN 😂😂😂😂😂
I really wish you did one where a snotty kid blasts somebody that makes widely beloved educational videos and then learns not to judge things they aren't informed about. Except crank it up to like 169 degrees...like you're living in a mansion and he's homeless and has turned the lives around of thousands.
i love how the video of him roasting this dude got like 7x the views the one where he actually produced original content lmao (also loved the vid)
Lol
Hi
Hi
Hi
dahr mann is actually a super chill sounding guy, labrador vibes
i love how dhar cares about the work enviroment
Ngl this actually taught me that I should always at least try to look at the good things
One of the funniest part is the head chef drinks just water and then tells ther is so much flavour in it.
HOPE HE DID NOT REALIZE U SAID HE WAS DHAR MANNDER
The animation in the middle was really cool
I'm really freaking out because I just found this out right now and I watched the Dhar man video before, I can't believe I didn't recognize CODYYY!!! WTTTTFFFF
dude i watched this and LOVED IT didn’t even realize that you wrote it. you did great man 🤟🏾
he quit over an egg
Y'all funny lmaooooooo
Look at Gordon's hairline when he takes off his hat yeah..it's pretty trash
I've never heard dharmannder say bro
Its still bad 🤣
Uh oh. “Circle back”
I really appreciate cody for doing this because there are still alot of people making fun of dhar mann and his sketches
Hands down the most ambitious crossover event in history
your telling me the same dude that was used to say the line: “looks can be deceiving” is the same dude who said “ I quit” just because his eggs got dropped
I JUST NOTICED THAT CODY NAMED THE “BAD” CHARACTER “JAKE” hahahah
This video is underrated as heck
Paycheck?
i'm not gonna lie, dhar getting cody a gift for 5 mill even after he made those videos, sweetest thing i've seen this week
Moral of the story :- never make fun of anyone, without knowing what they have been through. No one deserves hate.
Did anyone realize the chefs name is Gordon  as In Gordan Ramsay all chefs have the same names.....
ofc the only line a canadian would give himself  is "Im so sorry man" XD
Hey Cody this was sick
dhar mann must translate to THE FUCKIN MAN
Why am I crying at the end where Cody learns his lesson… goddamn music
8:27 .
So awesome 🤣🤣🤣
why clean up some eggs when you can just get a new job
Idk.. I cooked for over a decade and the boss never says "Hey, slow down" It's a fast paced job for sure
you have the coolest shirts ever lol we need moar merch
“Are you moving?” “I wish I could say that”  *So that was a fu*king lie?*
20:21 **fog on the lense**
Why this so good
My heart, I love this
Didn’t this guy yeeted out of shark tank
Dahr Mann is a fucking legend
Cody's Dhar Mann video is the best he has made
enemies to lovers?
4:34 "su chef"
I actually got inspired af
SOUS
dhar mann on snapchat wtffff
Stop being so tan you beautiful bastards
The real lesson is servers/ bartender average WAY MORE an hour than a line cook. So being a dick gets you that 🍞
Noel sitting in the back of the room “yo that video was trash”
Next video Cody joins girl defined
Man makes fun of Dhar Mann, soon regrets his decision.
I didnt know cody was in the video
I actually love this. I love making fun of the silly nature of Dhar Mann's content, I love how he's actually just kinda a chill understanding guy and I love behind the scenes even though we can shit on the content, he is most likely helping people even if it's only actually literally changing a few lives, it's more than a lot of people can say they've done.
well, that was wholesome.
Im so sorry man :(
His hair is longer than Kelsey's
Oh wait I’ve seen that video but never new that you made it
the intro be like: yeah that's me, I bet your wondering how I got here. well it all started a couple of weeks ago when...
Omg the fact that he gave you a 5m subscriber gift is honestly one of the sweetest things ever. I figured Dhar Mann was a good dude but this guys going so far out of his way for Cody. Really turned all those jokes at Mann’s expense into a good thing too. I respect the hell out of that.
We had to watch one of these videos on online class, I readied my custom sound effect button,  with Noel shouting Dhar Mann, aaaaaaaagghhh. And blasted it through my mic, and then got kicked
Whaaat i didnt expect this at all now i like dhar mans videos
mister cody. i do not consider myself an emotional person when it comes to youtube videos (although i do partake in regularly scheduled crying as i think kelsey does), but this video actually made my eyes sweat more than i thought they would. and i appreciate it very much. i'm also going to watch some dhar mann vids to eye-sweat some more before bed. but thank you for this contribution to the internet and also thank you for having kelsey in the video as well as i adore her. be safe bud (canada)
I think this is the vid https://youtu.be/GX3688crWEk
This video was great.
I didnt know cody wrote that one😂  Btw, play 11:31 without lookin at the screen😂
cody makes fun of dhar mann sketch, instantly regrets it
Love the fact that u listen to lil peep...
Wait that skit was so good I teared up
CODY LISTENS TO PEEP AHHHDSF
heck yeah man. its easy to goof around with stuff like that, but somewhere someone may actually walk away with a new outlook. As someone who's worked in kitchens for about 10 years i know how stressful it can be, but if you take it 1 day at a time and keep working hard it WILL PAY OFF. #BEHIND #ONYOURBACK #86THATSHIT
God damn stupid ass wholesome content
how....how did i not realize that was cody when I was watching that video yesterday?? I'm so freaking stupid
Daw that was wholesome dude.
Move over Tom Holland Cody ko should be the new Spider-Man
“behind” i’m sorry why did cody have to make me choke like that
Now I know why is his skits so overly expressive because he makes it for people who can't speak English too.
Dhar Mann is the best
This is a true dhar mann story
Cody Ko makes fun of Manns inspirational videos. Lives to regret it.
not really but im still 11
wait im dont speak well english and im from brasil and and im 11
This skit reminded me of an American Soap Opera
Why does Kelsey ha McDonalds sweatshirt 😂
dhar: “heyyy what’s up man”  cody: “what’s up brooo” dhar: “haha what’s up”
Tbh I never really found dhar manns videos that cringey when Cody reacts to them. Dhar mann seems like a pretty nice guy and even surprising Cody for 5 mil subs
8:27 😂
4:12 for some reason I died at this
Bro Dhar Mann is such a cool guy, when he gave him that 5Million sub gift that was so wholesome
Dhar Mann kinda looks like Borat
GUYS IM SO HIGH AND AT 16:00 WHEN CODY CAME OUT I THOUGHT THEY JUST BROUGHT OUT AN OLD GUY AND I DIDNT REALIZE IT WAS HIM UNTIL THEY REPLAYED IT
McDonalds??? Seriously???? Are you selling out??? Sad.
Did anyone else see Cody fist bump “DHAR MANN’S” elbow??
mhey
14 M on fb live
Gordon💀💀💀
I watched your dhar man video like 3 months ago and i just came across this i didnt know you wrote itt
im dead ass buying that fire hoodie next pay.
Dobre brothers making 1k accounts to dislike this video
Dose Cody like lil peep?
Went from crying laughing in the first video to tearing up because of how incredibly heartwarming of a paradigm shift this was.
Now you need to collab with Girl Defined 😂😂
Holy sh#t that song at the end went hard asf-a self aware high school senior.
queen kelsey
Should of made a sketch of him making fun of dar man and then working with him lol
Cody Kook  😂😂😂😂
Thank you mother kelsey, for helping our father make this script
I still don’t like the skits, but I like him respect him as a person more
That was actually really sweet tho
DHAR MANN
Noel miller: that's cringe
7:45 thats the video u should have maid
Yo this is over 20 minutes *must be a kids video*
IT IS JANUARY 2021 AND I JUST REALIZED THE TWO OTHER CHARACTERS IN THE DRAFT SCRIPT ARE NAMED JAKE AND PAUL
su chef
I love how Cody named the Chef Gordon
you can tell Cody wrote this. "I WANT THIS BREAD NOW" LMAO DKM 🤣
This was so wholesome I loved it
I know you made fun of him but i still support you guys even tho I like dhar man
i don’t think a video has given me such good vibes in my life
I think that was Dhar Mann’s best video.
Dhar Mann is actually really cool.
I didn't know that Dhar Mann didn't write this. Which explains why it's different from others.
Not gonna lie, this really inspired me.
Top 10 greatest character developments in anime history
Kelsey complimenting Cody whenever he appears is couple goals
Bruh Dhar Mann just went from a 1 to a 10 in my eyes in a single video
8:14 *I JUST NOTICED THAT CHARACTERS WERE ORIGINALLY CALLED JAKE AND PAUL I-*
I still won’t stop laughing at his skits.
Previous head chef: Called *Gordon* and shouts Me: uhhh
Good shit
Ha. “Su chef”
Brad Pitt level of acting hahahha
So damn fine
I skipped through that part where you talked about patience. Kinda boring.
Dhar Mann AAAAAAAAAh
Working in a kitchen and that "behind!" But people don't listen and your reaction was on point, lmfao. Your sadness wasn't fake I know this feeling hahahahaHAHA
Hands down one of the best videos on Drew Goodens Youtube website. So glad he let a few more people make videos here. Love this video Cody Ko!  Also that Dhar Mann in the Man. Alot of work goes into this and thank you for helping shine a light on his hard work.
I didn't think you tore them down. I think you were actually pretty nice and you didn't once call it trash and even complimented him a bit. No biggie in my opinion. It was good reactions.
And YouTube didn’t think to recommend this to me oh but a man shitting in a forest yes
This is so wholesome.
DONT MAKE EGGGS
i came here expecting more dhar mann bashing but its even funnier that it was cody ko eating crow
Finally a performance to rival charles white in the hunger games
Don’t you look at a comment and wish you wrote that
Cody looks like an old, sad nun in that frame.
BUT WAIT THEN SHOULDN'T JAKES FLAW BE THAT HE'S VERY PROUD AND ARROGANT
BRO this is written way better than Dhar Manns stuff. Also, I don't know if he's genuinely concerned with teaching everyone life lessons, or if he just wants the widest revenue stream. I guess I'm just cynical about everyone on the internet now.
Should've made him pick up an egg
Nobody’s talking about how cute Cody looked in that bus boy uniform
0:49 peepers
DHAR MANN, AAAAAAA
Dhar man makes fun of his scetch
this podcast style video is a really interesting format
I seriously just about lost it when they panned over at the egg on the floor my side hurts
This was fun to watch.  I saw the Dhar Mann video before I saw this...you did a great job!
Cody’s calf game is strong
aw! You two are so cute together!
Ok now I’m a Dhar Mann fan
Dhar man more like actually pretty cool guy ngl
fancy restaurant look at those doorknobs  14:57
Imagine if Noel comes out of the kitchen and screams: DHAAR MANNN
cody looks like cherdleys ngl
You can call me Cody *KOOK*
Ah yes, my favorite ganjapreneur
7:58 Kelsey called Cody Mr. Struggle
Why is this so wholesome?
DHAR MANN!!!
I changed a lot of my views on Dharr Man over time. At first I used to laugh at his videos because I felt like they were corny and over simplistic to the degree that they felt like they were patronizing me. Now I realize not everything has to be super compelling and have complicated ideals. Sometimes "be good to other people" is enough of a message. I guess you could say...he taught me a lesson.
thats the best advertise for merch ive ever seen
Ur dog is exactly like mine lol
kelsey just called cody mr struggle point blank when she was dropping bars of knowledge, rip cody
Dhar Mann has the freshest hairline ever
How can none of these comments spell Dhar Mann's name correctly?
*DHARR MANNN*
Jake can just pick up the eggs and throw it away in 5 seconds
Bruhhh id rather be a server lol
i stg he MUST have namned the chef gordon after gordon ramsey lol
I still love rewatching this a freaking classic going down in youtube history
behind
Dharr Mann is super nice! I love when people come together and you can see their true self even if it’s a snippet!
This is so much better than sssniperwolf one lol
Su chef 💀💀
U need to do this wit girl defined
Lmao “su chef”
If you want something new to react to check this out. https://youtu.be/HyV4p_4h2Ac
codys story was better than sniperwolfs
I just watched that video 0-0
*Noel sitting in the back of the room* “yo that video was trash”
Next collab: Girl Defined
Moral of the story: Slow and steady wins the race! 🐢🏁
DHAR MANN!!!!!
DHAR MANN, AAAAAAAH
Dude holy shit Dhar Mann is actually a master
What a humbling moment, even for me as a viewer. This was an experience haha.
awww i love how he got full support from Dhar Mann anddd included Kelsey in the process. I really liked how Dhar Mann had a sense of humor and didn't take offence to Cody's reaction videos. alsooo love that Cody took this project seriously, it's a nice change.
Kelsey sitting on Cody's lap writing a sketch together and rehearsing lines together is goals af
17:40 it shows my comment. Let’s go.
I know I’m a little late but I really enjoyed your hard work and collaboration with DAHR MANN Cody! Great acting and a great sketch! KILLED IT!
15:05 from state farm?
Dhaaaaaaaaaaaaar Mannnnnnnnnn!
Omg he actually seems really genuine 🥺
"I couldn't wait another second"  Patience collection
We love the teacher girlfriend that can help with literally anything
Tbh I was interested in the one about no more fake friends
Dhar mann da legend
5:11 Cody: YES!!!! Darh Mann: what’s up man? Cody: whats up dude? Darh mann: what’s up bro? Cody: how are you?
This video made me so happy! And much respect for Dharman now too!
now we need cody & noel to make a thats cringe to their previous thats cringe dhar mann video
this channel was an extremely long set up to a dhar mann video about how making fun of people effects others
nice job, cody!
Chelsea calling you out like that is so fucking real I need a Chelsea in my life.
I'm not even trying to be deep or something but this video (the whole video not just the Dhar Mann part) actually has message too. And it's "nothing is black and white". Before watching this I was like "yeah the videos are really cringe and I wonder how a guy roasting the viedeos ended up writing one". And after watching I have more respect for both of the guys and I now understand why the Dhar Manns videos are like that and it's actually nice they try to make the videos as much accessible as possible. Yeah they are still cringe but if you understand why, they are suddenly much more tolerable.
11:54 awww that's super sweet
When he says “it’s dHaRr mAN..” It sounds like he’s on crack.
His girl is so pretty she reminds me of daddario.
yeah i actually learned a couple of new things :/// and now i know better than to laugh at your videos... LOL jk but seriously, this was a great experience for you and for all of us as your audience
twerk
11:28 cody was like that dicaprio meme 🤣🤣😭😭
i kinda love dhr mann now
Dhar You CANT TELL CODY WHAT TO DO! STOP BEING A DOUCH!
Is no one gonna talk about Kelsey’s McDonald’s hoodie
lmfao "su chef"
This is so different than what you usually do! I’m really inspired by how you put ourself out of your comfort zone, and humbled yourself to participate in something like this! *sniff* they grow up so fast :,)
THAT ANIMATION THO
This is awesome.
Jake built like Reese from Malcom in the Middle
I was wondering y u were in a dhar man video
Dhar Mann is so much less obnoxious when he's just having a normal conversation?? I'm confused??
You can go from server to Chef, I’ve been working in the hospitality industry for roughly 7 years and I’ve gone from, Dish washer, to server to bar tender to bar manager, and a lot of my friends have gone from server to chef, if you have a very good Headh Chef who’s willing to train, it happens more often than you’d think.
I was rlly hoping he slipped on an egg at the end😭😭😭😭😭
Dhar Mann is literally an off-brand Jay Shetty
7:25 *what the fuck*
I watched this sketch before I ever started watching Cody, this was so cool to watch!
“su chef”
1. Dhar Mann is super wholesome. This was a great video. I probably  won't watch his videos seriously, but there's no denying that he's a great person. 2. Maybe Cody was working as a server to put himself through culinary school, and he liked the work environment that Gordon and Kevin created so much that he accepted a job at that restaurant when he graduated!
Cody really has the perfect gf 🥺
I feel like Dhar Mann videos are just advertisements for capitalism 😳
no, it's totally possible for a server to be promoted to kitchen. because they don't rely on tips and there's better opportunities int he kitchen, if someone doesn't have any kitchen experience but wants to work in one, it's totally plausible to start as a server, let them know you want to train, and then move up.
I feel like the nature of this collab could be a Dhar Man video- like one making jokes about the other until walking a mile in his shoes and begins to understand and respect what the other does and becoming friends
Dude dahr Mann honestly seems like such an awesome guy
Dhar Mann and GT Dave should make a podcast together
We respect Dhar Mann <3
why was that video so great
11:08 no one noticed him taste testing water?
su chef
That is you that wrote it sooo goood omg i thought he wrote
So lucky i want to meet him or act in the future
if you ever talk to dhar mann again I swear
Why tf does this get me pumped up
honestly the fact that dhar mann has a sense of humor about this makes me like him a lot more
Nobody:  Cody : talks on the phone like my uncle “ yup yup yup AwESOMe!”
Can someone tell me what is the song at 20:04
Cody, you need to work with Dhar again. That was one of my most favorite skits in his channel.
Everytime Cody was in it I died
where's the 'be nice to people because they might be rich' trope?
In other words, Dahr Mann content is for slow people.
Everyones talking about how no one talked about something... but the one thing no one truly spoke a word about was at 8:28 when Cody fist bumps DHAR MANNS elbow, oh fuck
Why do i remember that this video was like a year ago
you only made this because he was gonna kick your ass if you didn’t
Man
Patience is a virtue.pdf
fucking straight up mad respect for Dharr Mann.... aside from the cheesiness on first glance, you just need to dive in a little deeper to see the quality of the content. Youtube actually being used for something intrinsically "Good"... the work and effort being put into their content. Really commendable. Cody and Noel's rip was super funny also tho, no harm in that. Cool to see the colab!
This was awesome
Bro, you wrote that one line for yourself thinking it was funny... that's an actual thing we say in the industry🤣.
2054
wholesome :)
I feel like Jake thought maybe he could just kill the head chef in a fight to the death and then becomes the new head chef
12:45 when Cody is so proud of his get this bread joke and Kelsey doesn’t even acknowledge it 😭💀
Cody ko's channel is soon gonna be the story of how we went from leafy to Dhar mann
SU CHEF.
"actually Cody's the new cook here"  I freaking died 🤣🤣
I'm late to the party here, but this is AWESOME. I saw the That's Cringe videos based around Dhar Mann and thought they were hysterical, so it makes me extremely happy to see that you actually ended up working with him to get an idea of what it's like.
Cody to dhar  Mann: u gonna make a video of me without me?
OMG it really is a real skit look at dhar mann videos
I legit loved this so much. And the merch bit was everything.
The sketch kind of look like a sweet gay romcom tho
kelsey and cody are litteraly so cute omg
I like how Cody becomes friends with everyone he makes fun of.
XD This was awesome
17:46 Imma find that comment and then like it
Dharmander the man-der. what a sweetheart!
am kid 14 year old          no one: who cares
I saw Dhar Man's videos in FB before I saw it on That's Cringe and I thought they were so condescending and overly emotional (this is coming from someone who is hella emotional) but after hearing Dhar Man explain why he writes the stories that way, I gotta give him props for being so thoughtful and nice. Especially since English is my second language and I ended up realizing that his videos are easy to understand. He's a cool dude, sorry for cracking up jokes about your content Dhar Man. I wish they had that white lady that plays villain on most of his videos though, she's a natural at it.
“wish I could say I was moving” welp... he did end up moving
alternative title: cody betrays cody
top 10 anime betrayls
lmaoo not to dis the gifts he gave cody cuz he definitely didnt need to give any at all but those bottle of alcohol dont cost more than $20, i have that specific bottle of cote de roses in my cabinet its like $12 hahaha, but its hell good so i dont blame him
Dude dhar man is so wholesome 🥺  Loved this collab
*DHAR MANN*
goat video lol. queen kelsey knows all
I like it
At 4:27 the way Kelsey looks when Cody validates her idea, that was so cute!
Bless dhar man broo... I rly tot he was a joke, what a change of perspective, my God!!!
Server to cook is definitely a promotion.
The 5 mil subscribers present is so sweet
I love Kelsey and Cody's relationship so much. :)
Omg I saw this Skit months ago ...... and wow I had 0 idea this collab happened or that it was you ! Wow 😱
CODY KOOK
Fuck I can't actually make fun of Dharr man videos anymore he just seems so genuine.
This was so fake bruh
Yo this is amazing. Shout out Dhar Mann💜
why is this my favourite cody ko video... maybe because i now love dhar mann? seems like the most genuine guy on youtube??
OMG HOW DID NO ONE NOTICE THAT THE CHARACTERS NAMES IN THE SCRIPT ARE JAKE AND PAUL HAHAHAHAH
Why tf am I about to cry
Kelsey's dancing really sells the merch for me.
dude I was on Instagram and saw a vid on a cool vid from dhar man and I saw Cody and I was like YOooOkK what e fxuxkd hdhd hdhdhdh so I looked it up
I love how the head chef's name is Gordon😂
Cody: Ay! Dhar Mann: What's up? Cody: What's up? Dhar Mann: What's up?
I loved watching Kelsey react with him. She seemed so proud of what he had done for this Dhar Mann video.
never seen someone so dramatic over cooking some eggs lmfao
They didn't really rip on the videos. They said many times during their two videos on darman that they like the videos
awww
Quality content 10/10
cody looks like a dhar mann villian
Dhaaarrr Mannnnn
Delicious, finally some good f**kin water
I feel like Cody Ko is 50 percent thats cringe and 50 percent just apologizing for thats cringe
Dude I heard the pitch for the video and was like dang I watched that video
instant regret playlist
You the goat fr fr
Just to let you know, i have never purchased merch from anyone EVER , but i have no choice because you’re my favorite youtuber for the last 3 years🥺❤️
This is such a wholesome ending to the Dhar  Mann trilogy. It healed my soul a little bit.
Ymh fam, where u at?
This is one of the most pathetic channels I've ever seen.
Ok but like why are all the same people in all his new videos 💀
Imagine Cody in a maid outfit
8:27 that was so awkward lol
Dhar Mann seems like such a great guy. Dude makes cringe but there’s a great reason behind it, so it’s all cool. Plus he’s cool for doing this.
Anyone else come from Facebook after watching the chef video
Dhar mahn inspired me
INSPIRING AS FUCK
The best thing about your sketch was the fact the dude kept quitting his jobs cause he ain’t wana clean the eggs up XD
So fucking awesome 🤣
Cody kook was definitely a frat boy
This wouldnt have happened if Dahr Mann wasnt as nice as he is. Im 100% positive that any other person wouldve just turned Cody away.
Bro I saw this on tiktok when it first came out I didn’t know you made it lmao
Kelsey “The Puppet Master” Kreppel
Cody I'm a doctor and I have no patients. I have watched the video 100+ times. I been dropping eggs on the floor and cleaning them up myself. Where the fuck are the patients for my failing practice. Your a fraud and its time everyone knows. Other than that great video as always.
Why is no one talking about the merch ad at the end of the vid. It felt like I died and was reborn at the same time
This sketch was SO CRINGE
I’m so sorry man😂
My mom was watching his channel and I immediately sent her this video
What's up Mommy? Great Job! Your Jeans are super high and so very tight with this one! Great video!
its 2 in the morning and im drunk as fuck bur you guys need to 2rite the sketch of a guyw ho makes fun of another guy and then the other guy is so successful an fthen th e other one becomes an inspirational writer for him
Dahr man Just did what he does in his videos to Cody but in real life. You got to respect the DAHR MAAAAAAN !
Dhar mann is such a kind person he olways care for others
You know he named the douche character "Jake" for a reason
Dhar really seems like a genuine, kind and down to earth guy. this video made me weirdly happy😂😌
Holy shit Cody’s having a revelation
Makes sense if you want broad appeal you gotta drive the point home down main street.
I saw that video before your video, but I didn't even think that was you!
*WOW talk about full circle.* I saw YMH clowning on Dar Mann a few months ago. Then randomly saw this ONE Dar Mann video accidentally when it dropped. I had no idea who Cody was until he was on H3 and then just yesterday he was on YMH. I went down the rabbit hole of Cody's videos clowning on Dar Mann. Then seeing this video really made me choke up, how considerate Dar MANNN was and he congratulated Cody on 5M subs. Man, this was a fucking touching saga, and incredibly random that the video Cody wrote was the only one I've ever watched.
I can't lie. The 2 layered lesson about patience was kind of inspirational. I'm already a patient guy, but this taught me I can get more shit by being nice to people.
I wanna know what that song at the end while they're showing off their merch is
Sous** chef
Hi mommies I watched this in 4 strokes and wow! Now I'm coming up in May to see Cody and Tom! They're meeting at Herksters massage/carwash/dentist.  Try it out. Homeless, men from jail, try it out man
That was super cool man, Dhar Mann seems like a really good dude too. Very interesting to see the other side of things. Still love your commentary videos though because they are hilarious, but it's important to note that at the end of the day they're just jokes and just for fun and entertainment.
Was that water that tasted amazing?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH I LAUGH SO HARD WHEN HE SAID HIS LINE
I love this 😭 the feel good feels good 😂
I've never seen a more Oscar worthy performance than "I'm so sorry man"
idk how to explain this but.....ratatouille vibes
mans eye brows shEeeeeeeeeesh
the way she grabbed you when you came out as the new chef omg so cute
This makes me so happy
I wasn‘t even aware of it but this is the collab I’ve been waiting for
I stan carlos
Kelsey is an angel
wAw love this video
DHAR MANN AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! Let's GOOOOOOO.
Eggs are the only things they make. Does that mean i can be the headcheff too.
Does he burn though? Lol loved this video man. Much love!
wow I love kevin hahah
Get merch and put "Behind" on the back😭😵
HATERS NEED TO FIX THEIR ATAUDE
Why is no one talking about how angry kelsey sounds at 7:50
I gained a whole level of respect for DHAR MAAAAN
The way the egg clapped on the ground literally sent me
I fucking lost it at I'm so sorry man 🤣
i did not know it was you
finally a behind  the scenes
LOVE THE NEW MERCH OMG
Kelsey just chilling on the couch dropping F A C T S on Cody
It’s 2am and I made eggs because of this
Ngl these Dhar man videos are sus af lol
Dhar mann is a genuine dude
I want to see Dhar Mann in a Cody Ko episode, responding to cringe shit.
wait the animation was so good wtf
So he's the one that make that CHEF VIDEO!? AMAZING!!!!  I'll GIVE U A QUIDA FO THAT!!
cody ko: repeatedly making friends with people he makes fun of.
Cody graduated from Duke but a 4 page paper was “hard” for him to write?? 😂 yeah right
CODY KOOK HAHHAHAHA
*You can call me Kody Cook*
Why did Dhar make such a big deal about using basic english, but then writes in a chef that says "I have to get this bread now" -- Probably pretty confusing for someone with minimal english knowledge. Like why does this chef need bread so badly? Couldn't he just bake some more bread? Is he out of yeast?
Not going to flex. But your looking at him.
su chef
CODY KOOK MERCH????
Most his videos are cash grabs but I still enjoyed this video.
Dhar Man is a god.
I wish Dhar Mann would make a video in Cody's format. Then he'd see how hard tearing things down really is
Crap, this video changed my life. I was acting like a Jake
Cody ko listens to lil peep? Jesus i love you more
Just gotta say you didn’t spell sous chef right
Cody’s brand is just making fun of people and then collabing with them
The nice cook looked like Cody’s girlfriend (I forgot her name)
Wholesome
7:45-8:00 is my favorite part of this video bc it’s such real relationship shit and also just such an actual life lesson to everyone 😂😅
So much egg cooking
😂😂😂😂😂 I'm so sorry man
I like how cody ko was in dhar mann but cod is roasting dhars videos lol
This is so wholesome it makes me cry.
I just about piss myself every video
The “behind” thing is wild funny because that’s really what you say when you a waiter lmaoooo
So we all forget that Dhar Mann's videos are literal shit because he handled getting roasted? Dumb.
we now know that cody ko listens to peep
Been a month and it’s Dharrr mannnnn forever
Cody looking like he should be part of the "Life is good" video
The editing in this video is top notch
Reminds me of how I got promoted from server to cook at my restaurant. Not because a guy named Jake quit but because a guy named Demetrius stabbed another cook.
I just watched a full darr Mann video on my own and I hated the logic
This is dope
Kody Kook
The chef is actually called Gordon
i seen that video
dhar mann is wholesome as frick guy. Sweet video
the creativity required to swap between genres is crazy. you did good Cody ko
that yes theory intro lmao
Cody talks on the phone in the whitest way.  Dahr: Lemme just circle back to my te- Cody: Yup Dahr: my team and we'll see if we can work something ou Cody: YUp
lol i want u
love the lil peep recommendations
Cute to see such a supportive girlfriend.
Your girlfriend seems like the kindest person ever. Good for you man.
MAKE ANOTHER THATS CRINGE
Cody kos girl has such a great and funny personality. They are great together
The fact Dharr Man tries to makes his skits as universally communicable as possible really changed my perspective on the skits. 🥺
What a great experience, man. This is so cool. Looking at how Dhar Mann responded to Cody’s videos (compared to others, ahem)... he is an emotionally secure and happy individual with a healthy ego. What a good dude.
Why tf did they cast a 60 year old man to be the new chef?
kelsey: i’m so happy 🤗
Great job. This is emotional and reminds me of who I was and who I've become with patience.     -Jake
That video actually inspired me
Kelsey is so supportive 🥺 I love you guys
You should’ve reacted to this with Noel and not told him the background of it
Dhar Mann: Congrats on 5 mil Cody :) Cody: 5.11 mil now buddy
These videos are actually really good for people learning English
hey cody in the future pls don't cover the captions like u do here !! they r v helpful for ur deaf / hard of hearing audience <3
Cody: I wish I could say I was moving Also Cody: moves into $3 million mansion
Spelt sous wrong
HE BETREYD US
Holy crap! You wrote a script!
no one’s talking about how he literally named the chef GORDON
This was surprisingly wholesome 👍
Well wouldn’t be the first to tap into the profound vapidity of the human race but he certainly does it well
8:28 oof
Man, Cody is growing! I enjoy the videos where he rips on people but this video takes balls! I’m so glad he did this!
I'll never forget when Cr1tikal said the video sucked on his stream
holy shit i love people that can take criticism
I cringed so hard when he said “I’m so sorry man”
Penguinz0 just called your video boring lmao
5:03 Oh no not the upside down smiley
You didn’t support him at his worse so you don’t deserve to be with dhar Mann at his best
I watched Dhar Mann and now I'm a highly respected entrepreneur! THANKS DHAR MANN!
Sadge
Oh that explains it
haha she says patience is a virtue and she's wearing a mcdonalds hoodie, she literally wrote it for him lol
Damn Dhar mann seems like a nice dude
Here after Charlie’s video
anyone else here from critikal
he still has some really trash lessons
I actually thought he was going to write abt the lesson that HE learned which was to not judge someone until you walk in their shoes.
I’m so sorry man 😔
this is the wholesome content we need
I love Kelsey just low key roasting you. "Maybe you shouldn't make fun of things you suck at, sweaty :)"
Dhar Mann and u are so humble
We are not watching Cody Ko anymore . . . Were watchin *Cody kook*
DHAR MANN!!! The hero!
Where's Noel been tho
Servers make way more than cooks so Jake is securing the bag
“Su Chef”
Cody Ko Starting Five: Dhar Mann, Kombucha King, Tai Lopez, Tyler Brash, Matty F*cking Smokes.
Dhar Mann is so chill! What a great sport.
dahr man is such a legend
U keep me hanging onto life thanks so much
Yo what if Cody is living the sketch. Like Kelsey said .he made fun of dhar mans sketch thinking it was easy to make. But then dhar man being the bigger person talks w Cody and then Cody tries to do what dhar man does but then he realizes how much work goes into it and gets more respect for dhar man
This is amazing on so many levels
I watch this every time i start to procrastinate and need a little confidence boost. From Dhar mann through Cody on to me, these things have a rippling effect.
Dhar Mann is a really nice person oh my god he surprised you with 5M balloons and a little tear slid down my face
omg wait he's so nice
ok on the low, i actually did learn something
you see,
this whole video was so wholesome and sweet. i had a huge grin on my face the whole time. i love you cody holy ur such a good dude, also dhar man, you legend! keep being awesome!
I’m so sorry man 😂
I just came back from the skit
Kelsey at 7:50 😂😂😂 that’s actually humbling af.
I never though Dhar Mann was supposed to get roasted by Cody and Noel. His content is cringy but it has a good intention
This is the most wholesome thing I’ve ever seen
Alternate ending: While Cody is talking Dhar Mann does a voice over and the camera pans out and switches to Dhar man giving us all a lesson.
What's up man it's DHAR MANN
Dhar mann really just Dharsplained Cody.
Dhar Mann really seems like a genuine, cool person
Cody Cook? More like Cody Wholesome
8:26
jesus i nearly want the whole thing it wasn't even boring usually I watch videos that over 20 min long and it get boring
How is no one talking about how he’s a CROOK? Sick businessman tho
This was actually pretty good and seeing dhar mans reasons why the way he does it. It's pretty commendable. And plus jake looks like noel as super tall and jacked
you looked like Carl Gallagher in your thumbnail 😃👍🏼
Make a shirt that says behind on it
Now I think about it Cody is like  that one friend that roasts you but still respects and makes feel like you at home
You and Noel need to roast this sketch
This has the same energy as Kurtis going on Bestie Picks Bae
Wait I remember that pool from somewhere😂... Kelsey’s disappointing day to day routine vlog😂
Dhar Mann seems like such a chill, down to earth guy. I have a newfound respect for him
This is hilarious, cody is the best
okay young homer
I bet he named the arrogant cocky character "Jake" on purpose  😏
Dhar man is a cool dude
YOOOOOOOOOOO HE ACTUALLY MADE THAT
uhhhhh Dhar Mann is kinda hot
Hah, the first Head Chef's name is Gordon.
why tf does the background music sound like I'm playing wizard 101
This is very yes theory edited
Now we see that Dhar Mann was playing chess while we were stuck playing checkers all along...
Bruh I saw that vid but didn't realize it was him 😹
Bruh I saw that vid but didn't realize it was him 😹
awh the fact that he takes in consideration his deaf viewers thats wholesome
the way cody kept checking to see kelseys reaction before he came in
Duuuuude I just watched the cook episode of Dhar man I can’t😂❤️I freaked when I saw Cody In the video it was just funny to me😂
I totally lost it when cody showed up as the new cook 😂
I’m so proud of this community
Dhar Manna Eyebrows Really Do Be Looking Like A Pair Of McDonalds Arches
Cody Ko, I really appreciate and love the videos. I rewatch most them too. Hope you keep making videos Short King. This Chodester is gonna have a flippin sick day today.
I was fuckin jamming at the end
Son, Damn. Nice. Nice whole experience. Nice.
Ok but dhar man is like, really funny in person, gained a respect for him
Man how do you make a film before you make a film I mean, that animation tho! Sheeesh!
I'm glad cody ko listens to lil peep
my guy you for fuckin dhar mann'd
i’m sitting alone and cody’s one line made me laugh very loudly in the middle of an empty mall food court and i just embarrassed myself yee yee
We need a change.org petition for another that’s cringe with Noel
Just realized that the Dhar Mann video is the first place I saw Cody Ko. No fucking joke!!!!
kodys acting was spot on no one be lookin happy doing dishes XD
So are we really gonna ignore the fact that he named the antagonist Jake?
Hey Cody I’m a huge fan but your such an asshole. All you had to do was clean an egg and a man wouldn’t have quite his job. He probably would’ve been a good head chef too😡😭😋
Leo snapping at the screen meme: that's a jatt
Guys just making and dropping eggs lol, whole whole thing is about eggs so the moral is cook your eggs patiently and if you drop the eggs pick it up and start all over again,XD
pretty interesting to see what kind of work goes into these internet videos. and I must say, That's Cringe is as funny as it is because you play off the dialogue or scenes in the cringey video to create jokes; it's not just roasting the person (although that's funny too)
Well to Kelsey:  Just because something takes alot of work doesnt mean its automatically good or justified.. But then kids nowadays are heavily mentally underdeveloped so maybe dull, unnecessary, wannabe philosophic garbage is just what the youth needs..
''im so sorry man''
Please i want a Kelsey in my life❤️
3:33 she has been waiting. It looks like she just may have been waiting throughout this whole video. Just for you to ask her what a lesson is.  No, she has actually been waiting her whole live. Just for you to ask that one question.
wait that's not fouseytube
e
Im lookin forward to this video soon  (Edit) THIS WAS FUCKING LEGENDARY
aw why do I feel like a proud mom
Every celeb Cody Teams up with is such a good person  I.e Dharr man and GT Dave
kelsey kissing him on the forehead after his line is literally the cutest thing
Now we just need Noel to do a solo reaction to Cody's video to make fun of it 😂 full circle baybeeee.
*Avengers Assemble* Cody: 16:00
McDonald's KITH
Why do I actually watch Dhar man videos tho
The Kelster is so adorable, her reactions really made this video for me lol Treasure that woman, Codester
I gotta say him quitting for the same exact reason twice was comedy but the end almost had me in tears bruh.
Ok... What's nex? Making a video with lele?
16:31 That nod is Oscar worthy.
I hate myself for cackling at  “cody cook” 🤣😭💀
Cody ko sharing positivity and not afraid to admit negativity he shared in the past. I’m trying to watch more positive stuff on youtube so this is just amazing to see
Dhar mann is such a wholesome guy. He gives insane posi vibes
cody trying to gain clout from dhar mann i see
Darr Mann seems honestly like a really cool guy
Ah due that’s cringe  What the f***  Jk it’s a joke
"Take your time" said no chef ever.
outro song?
So,we laugh at Matty Smokes,GT Dave, Dhar Mann,few months later,we get to know them better,we end up loving them.  Cody, i ain't even't mad,to be honest
he rlly reached into the pot with a big ass spoon to taste WATER and say "mm this shit GOOD"
I really like this video because you get to see the whole picture and the context. It illustrates that not everything is just good or bad.
I actually enjoyed this🤣🤣
Cody killed it 🤣🤣
4:15 when the rich boy shits on the poor one 😂
4:05 “I don’t even like you a little bit”
EGOT Winner Cody Ko
DHAR MAN
Holy shit this is legit good. I was ready for that cringe sweat to start but damn...well done.
Cody simpin on Dhar Mann
“acting bich learn about it”
you okay cody? see you listening to lil peep a lot lmao.. about u is a great song but just checking in
S/O to Kelsey though! It was really her idea 🤣
He really named the head chef Gordon
I was expecting this to be another roast and avoided clicking the video for days. MAN I was surprised!! this was actually so wholesome!
Mr.Struggle finally out the mud
This was so cool to watch
bro i cried when i saw this 11:40
He’s literally a scammer
Kelsy is definitely a puppet master
The shot of the egg on the ground with the music in the background is ICONIC.
Started from the bottom, now we here.
what cody wrote was actually a good short story. the characters all end up well in the end. some of the dhar mann's original have the antagonist just defeated
He should have worn a  full sleeved restaurant shirt ....it would have suited him more
You're awesome
So I’m up here crying in the club at this but I needed this. Yours and Dhar Mann’s relationship, and the video itself.
did anybody else notice he spelled sous chef like "su chef"
the fact that he named the head chef gordon hahah
dhar man the mannn
Codys hair is lookin quaratine thicc 😍
This whole situation is a Dhar Mann sketch
Great concept for a video
Why am I crying
Anyone else scream dhar Mann when the zoom call starts
start making vids with noel again i'm tired of this shit
I genuinely think this is one of your best videos you've made in the past year because it's not just a reaction it was like watching someone learn the creative process and the editing was top notch with the voice-overs and animations. Hope we can see more of these soon
Dhar Mann seems like such a sweetheart
Only good thing about 2020 is this collab
Wow. This was such a feel good vid! I could not believe when I saw you on the Dhar Mann channel,  that was the best thing of 2020.
he can collab with dhar mann but not noel
I loved it!
YES DUDE, love the self awareness about the genre and the humility to reach out. Yes dude
Now we need Cody to do a collab with Girl Defined
the teacher in kelsey really popped out here
Shoud I have seen this before I dropped out of college this morning? :V
I just love how she happy is for him :)
Dhar Mann’s beard has a chin
Imagine Dhar Mann fans who were offended by Cody’s videos seeing Cody in one of his sketches and just being so confused...
Lmaooo “su chef” Love that
Su chef
Please get Noel to react to the finished video on his own, in your classic TMG reaction style
Damn, Dhar Mann's a chad, bro. What a legend so nice person.
Wholesome video!  But you need to roast Dhar Man videos again man 😂
Yo cody, I'm actually well impressed with your writing! Good job man! Was not expecting this at all!
I love this dude. I was not expecting this at all
The fact they both just BURST out with laughter the second he was on screen. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
My first thought was : “He said behind! That’s on Jake” TBH, after a few good nights of tips, Jake will be happy he’s not sweating it out in the kitchen!
The famous line “I’m sorry man”
I miss that's cringe so badly
I love how most of the people Cody makes fun of end up making friends with him lmao
I LOVE THIS!!! yes this is the same cody ko that “bullies kids” like do u see how someone he makes jokes at can make jokes at themselves as well and do cool shit like this. this vid was so FUNNY but also humble af i love u cody u should keep trying new things <3
This was so wholesome
When does your Merch ship?
why am I tearing up?
Honestly I really liked it lol I graduated college this year and I’ve been so impatient and just want to start working but it’s been hard. Gotta learn to be patient 😂
why did i get a donald trump ad on this? EFF OFFFFF
noel should react to the sketch and tear it apart
His girl ripped him omg thats love hhhaaha
LOL
I never thought I'd get chills from a Dhar Mann video 😅
I can't get over how sweet Dahr Mann is to Cody after he roasted him. He seems like a genuine guy.
This was really fuckin good man 👌🏻😎🤙🏻
I love this video so much. Maybe my top 3. 😂😂😂😂 really quality editing and everything . You deserve 5m followers my man. 🙌🏽
KO MANN!
I saw u in the chef video of dhar mann
please upload the table read with Kelsey
cool hoodie i ordered it two weeks ago where is it
I love you, Dhar Man
What’s up  What’s up man  What’s up  Yea how are you       Damn.
SU CHEF is no one going to tell cody
I don't see people talking about this so I wanted to share: Dhar Mann has been exposed before as a scammer. He created LiveGlam which is a makeup subscription service and so many people that tried it have said later on that they got weird charges on their credit cards for things they did not pay for.
cody is just the softer, cali boy, frat guy version of mark wahlberg
DHAR MANN. HE PULLS UP WIH 3 STRIPPERS IN THE BACK OF HIS CAR. BOOM BAM
this is quality.
48seconds lil peep
This whole video is actually heart-warming
That merch ad was fucking awesome
cody: bEHIND🤖😐
This video was weirdly one of the most wholesome videos on YT I've see in a while. What started from 'That's Cringe', ended with Cody learning an actual life lesson or two.
Why do I keep watching an old mans YouTube channel
Cody kind of looks like an uglier (still hot) version of Dominic Thiem.
So in the second script you wrote Mean Girls, that sounds just like Mean Girls
I'm not joking, I say patience is a virtue every single day... She stole my thing damnit
face twisting cringe, my cringing would make a newborn have a cringe for life.
"Behind"     -Cody From Dhar Mann
Damn, mans rly out here simping for Dhar Maan
Where’s noel?!!
kelsey as a ghost writer
Loved the video.  Loved Dhar.  This was so good.
It literally would have taken the guy five seconds to clean up the omelette 💀
"I'm so sorry man" Cody Ko 2020
Next collab with Dre Drexler
It's so awesome how Dhar Mann embraced the "Dhaaaar Maaaan".
Hi
cody kook
"You either die a hero, or live, long enough to see yourself become the villian"
i hate when cody does shit like this
Kelsey straight up roasted Cody
you can't tell me Cody doesn't sound like Remmy the rat
Cody— you should go back and do this same kind of video with other notable characters you’ve trolled in the past lol! It really is a cool concept. It’s so easy to make fun of people, until they are an actual person to you, if that makes sense. Instead of a tv character of sorts.
I’m 31 but can Kelsey adopt me? I need those solid life lessons. Lol she’s so cute! Cody is koo too.... see what I did there? 👀
Jake needs to work on his bread making skills man.
i love how Kelsey was smiling the whole time
i love how real cody keeps it
Loved it! Especially the merch oomph!
Make Cody Cook mercy please
Damn Cody you clocked a Milly!
this video also targeted me so hard haha, LOVE THIS SHIT
11:40 really was the best part of the video LMAO
lesson learned: watch your back for cody ko and don't let your eggs fall
CODY COOK sounds like a great channel
why would you have an entire film set, a group of actors that honestly don't seem that bad, an entire team of people willing to put in the work, and this is the kindof content that Dhar Mann decides to make. Money I guess, but damn this makes me depressed...
Kinda sucks Noel hasn’t been here
this was a roast cody lol
Shout out lil peep at 0:49 🤟
FRICTIONLESSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!
they r so cute
Didn't know mcdonald was a clothing brand. I'm liking it.
next step, make a sketch with lele pons
That was sick
Good thing Cody naturally looks like a background character. So that role suits him
cody's sketch actually hit damn had me feeling Emotional !!!!
how bout that! mr dhar mann seems really quite charming and like he knows what he is doing! this is the sort of wholesome content i wanna see!!!! :o and that "are u moving" question was so simple yet cut so deep omfg hahahaha
0:45 *freeze frame ~~ record scratch * so I be ur all wondering how I ended up here! Haha, lemme take yall back ;)
Who tf animated that
Dhar Mann! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Great to see you come back and connect with someone you absolutely trashed in a positive way ✌️
I loved this video format, like Cody TEA. Documentary videos if commentary slows down
4:27 Can we appreciate this lil moment how preciously she enjoys him being fired up about her idea haha
This was so wholesome, Dhar was super cool about all this,  love this vid
I guess Dhar Mann really elevated his mindset and bought him to a whole new wavelength huh
“Full time”
aw damn, Kelsey knows best!
Su chef
16:32 should be the new profile pic of cody for this channel. lololol
Cody, I know u wont see this message but imma leave it here anyways but can you and dhar mann do a life lesson video about "cancel culture"? Idk people are too fast to judge and jump over conclusions without knowing the truth/the person.
main actor is Chad Noel
As slightly cringey as his sketches are, dharman seems rly nice 😭
Here’s the thing tho. Your videos put me on to Dharman in the first place & it’s just so funny hearing you guys make fun. But also, Dhar man does his thing. You can’t help but like em, they suck you in like a vacuum & I have most definitely binged on his page, bcus of the exposure you gave us. Plus as corny as they can be, they do be hittin. 🔥  So in conclusion, it’s all good in the content creation hood, ok. 👍🏽
Is kelsi single
"I'm so sorry man"   - The greatest actor on human history
Please take Shane Dawson’s place as the big name in the YouTube documentary space👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼.  Content like this is *chefs kiss*  that being said I’ll watch whatever you do so live it up 🤷🏼‍♀️
oh yesss cody with that rare lil peep, love you
Our boy said “I’m NOT the main character in this story”
Cody is the best creator on this damn platform
Cody Kolodziejzyk
Everything Cody says just seems sarcastic even when he isn't trying to be
i love how this humbled you ....but now lets get back to the fuckery!
Where's Noel
i actually teared up. i love it and the message it gives
Got a lot more respect for Dhar Mann
Kevin looks like he respects women
Kelsey went in @7:48
Look at cody man so inspirational
I love this new editing style !
dhar  mann sauce
Cody Kook
Chef named Gordon who's calm?? Fuuuuuuuuu
i'm so sorry, man  really just took me outta this world
Kelsey out here dropping life lessons like Alfred does for Bruce Wayne
The real lesson is the Dhar Man we learnt along the way
Jake having a meltdown every time an egg drops is sending me into hysterics lmao
Gordon?? Gordon Ramsay?   😂 if it’s him then I’d understand why some ppl quit
Cody this video is awesome!
Is this the most ambitious crossover of all time?
Cody’s the only guy to shit On someone so much and then makes friends with them
Kelsey lecturing cody is infinitely ironic and should be a sketch on its own. Gold
Can we talk about how Cody spelled sous chef "su chef"
They got on a fact call and went: Whats up dude Whats up man Whats up Hows it going Conversation 100
collaboration with GT Dave, now Dhar Mann.  Keep up the good work cody.
16:39 YES
So we're just not going to re-record that VO fumble at 2:05? You're getting comfortable Cody, very comfortable
I can't believe Cody didn't write a script about a mean YouTuber who makes fun of videos online, but then realises how helpful they are, and ends up supporting it  Like come on, that would be some meta stuff
the sexual tension between jake and kevin.... slow burn enemies to friends to lovers, restaurant au, 304k words
behind
Why was Cody’s acting the best out of all of them tho🤣
this video solely consists of "hey man" "hey brother" "whats up dude" "hey dude"
In restaurants that I’ve served in, the cooks get paid way more. So in those cases, you serve and move up to working in the kitchen for a higher wage.
Cody Kook
i wish noel worked on this with cody too
surprised he didn’t write about short kings. that would have been frictionless
Wow, thanks man. So inspirational. Now I have a job and a wife thank you
what’s up dude what’s up man what’s up bro
Insane that your mom's house watched dhar mann videos on the pod and then my man Cody goes and just fucking makes one
This was so sweet. Thanks guys.
I'm here for Cody's character development. What a ride
Art
Yes Kelsey with the call outs 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🤣🤣🤣
I love Kelsey’s transition to making it into a lesson for Cody 🤣❤️
Can we talk about the intro to his idea and the rich kid *LITERALLY* shits on the poor kid😂
Just a minute detail but... it’s sous chef 😂😂
5:11   "Hey whats up man!" "Yeahhh what's up dude!" "huhhaaa what's up bro!"  Love the chemistry lmao
add apple pay so we can order your merch internationally
“So sorry man.” LMAO 😂
damn door man is actually epic
YES!! But also I liked when you made fun of them too. Nothing against the message, I just like that humor.
YOU SEE...
Before I saw that Cody was the cook at the same place, I thought it would’ve been hilarious if they added another quick clip of Jake being fired and both times he drops something and it’s cause Cody bumps him
Kody id love to see you come up with your own 5 minute crafts
This was such a good video I enjoyed the editing and the progression of the whole story. I’m glad to see you pivoting a bit and being successful with it
Why did that hit so hard????
Tf is this shit
8:51 was that the bottle cody used as a rolling pin during the five mil sub video?
pls do Prince EA on snap ahhaha
*s u  c h e f*
I really liked this vid. It was really cool watching cody acc learning something new
Why did I cry when he put the hat on? 😓
I thought cody was gonna write about his ability to make fun of a concept or a situation easily but at the end he discovers that it has a back story and a lot of work put into it... but great video though i loved it i can see how much he learnt from that experience 💕
after watching this it is clear to me that kelsey wears the pants in the relationship
Cody looks like the word "dude" and "skateboards"
Did you name them Gordon, as in Ramsey, and Jake as in Paul?
I love how cool Dhar Mann was about this whole thing. He seems like a genuinely awesome dude.
How would you know if they visited you or not? She’s in a coma.
tell me he doesn't look like tyler brash in his restaurant outfit
I love that this video exists.
Girlfriends love when they see their guy be sweet haha
3rd channel idea, Cody Kooks
Dhar Mann just seems like a genuinely nice dude lmao
This is FANTASTIC!
Dhar Mann is actually pretty cool. Great that he makes videos for people with disabilities to help them grow.
The quality content I come here for, good shit
The way Kelsey looks at Cody every time he pops up in the video. Yeah that’s it’s, that’s what ima need.
make merch with the word behind on it
SO FUNNY. Put a smile on my face too.
Where has noel been
me when i pick up the phone:hello cody when he picks up the phone: *YESS*
codys been listening to peep lol
The sketch actually made me tear uppppp 🥺❤️❤️❤️
you know cody wrote it when he said "im tryna get that bread now"
Song name in the merch video?
We need a cody and noel video
I love both leon lush and Cody's video
I tjpught this was hilarious!!!! And so great, I actually was a fan of Dhar's first. But when you made fun of it, it made me die laughing THEN WHEN I SAW THE COLLABORATION I was so impressed it was AWESOME!! Hahahaha
I LOVED THIS I THROUGHLY ENJOYED IT SO MUCH😭😭💕
Can I get some ice cream, only a spoonful 11:04
Now all is left for you is to meet up with the cheapest wrestler
Dhar Man: Hey what's up MAN? Cody: Hey what's up DUDE? Dhar Man: WHat's up BRO? Cody: How are you MAN? The very rare Man to Dude to Bro and then back to Man trifecta.... SOooo inspiring to being living and seeing this...
8:26 that handshake was so awkward.
When you catch a glimpse of the first script you can see he spells sous chef like “su chef” hehehe
Dhar Mann is the John Quinnoes of Inspirational Videos
He’s such a nice dude bruh
the collab we didn't know we needed to save 2020 😯
STANN DHAR MANN
lowkey a dhar mann masterpiece
Kelsey is just having this proud mum-looking-at-her-son's-first-big-project moment and IT'S SOOOO CUTE.
FUCK YEAHHHH! My favourite senior citizen is finally acting in a sketch. Can I cry now???
Cody ko looks like The homelander but less Buff
Best Video so far
Petition for Cody to change his name to Cody Cook
When dharrman makes a copaganda video and u see it on Facebook 🤢🤢
Idk if I’m just overthinking stuff but im just wondering whether or not this Jake character was named after anyone in particular  Edit: nvm he couldn’t be, because at the end of it he’s nice
Cody shows that you can make fun of something without being mean-spirited. Cringey inspirational content will never be my cup of tea, but that doesn’t make people who enjoy that type of content inferior 👏
It's one fucking egg just clean it hahahahaha. Great video
"I'm so sorry man" may be the singly greatest acted line of all time.
the end made me want to do acid thanks
so i’m the only one that noticed he listen to peep ?
This was way better than I expected 👏🏻 chef’s kiss
I'm so sorry man
i loved the video. i actually teared up a little when Kevin puts the hat on while talking to Jake. this is great! (the music is surprisingly perfect and so good)
Y’all should team up more for his contents sake lmao
The man, the myth, the legend. Dhar Mann!
I FUCKIN TEARED UP I WON’T LIE. Man, what a collab.
I’m laughing and crying right now
LOL. Chef Gordon. As if they would have a female singer character called Madonna who looked
Most dramatic kitchen scene ever.
The acting, my god...
5:10  Dhar Mann: Hey wassup man Cody: Wassup dude Dhar Mann: Yeah wassup😂
Yo why was that actually good?
I love how he becomes friends with all his enemies.
This hit hard. I was the impatient worker who would get frustrated and lash out at others when things didn't go my way. My dad is the owner of a family restaurant, and I had it real easy, yet fumbled at every turn. No matter how bad I'd mess up, my father tolerated it because he wanted me to inherit and become the manager in his stead eventually. Being the dumb young adult I was almost a year ago now, I took it for granted, and decided to move out to pursue what I thought would be an easier life.   After being on my own for almost a year, I miss working with him, and my other co-workers. I miss the environment, and I hate that I've taken that for granted.   tl:dr Patience is a virtue.
Scene 2 Take 26 😂😂😂😂
did i see "su chef" and not "sous chef"
go kevin go kevin go kevin
Dhar man is a mixture of a real proud dad and a stoner
Everyone u make fun of ends up a good person, next sugar gay is on the list.
Fuck i actually learned something from it
yoo the egg thing, nice
No one:  The ad after the video plays: Who says being impatient is a bad thing?
Dhar Mann is a cool ass guy lol
When jake was mean to Cody I lost my shit. Don’t be mean to my special man!
*sous chef you silly boy
Awesome Cody! showing love brother!
this is my favorite cody ko video of all time
when kels dragged cody at 8:00 I LOST IT
omg you looked so cute during the sketch lol wanted to squeeze your cheeks
3:25
Where’s Noel?
This was so fun to watch! 💕
I disagree with this premise. Sure, this appeals to everyone, but why make content that appeals to everyone? It becomes bland and uninteresting to the extent that it's pointless. I do like the more positive angle of this one and the production value is up, I just think good reasons for something being bad don't make it good
HES SO NICE HAHA I feel bad for cringing at his videos new dhar mann stan here
what happened to Cody :(
What a sweet man Dhar Mann is. Like how could anyone dislike that guy.
who would've thought cody would one day make such a wholesome video
19:22 the guy on the dank bike in the background tho
Should have made a sketch about not judging someones cringey video
DHAR MAN
Cody ur cute for this
This was absolutely amazing Cody lov ya!
behind!
I went from counter to table kid, to server to cooking
Lol. I came here expecting the usual, found this so much better and funnier instead!
MY TEACHER PLAYED THIS VIDEO IN CLASS AND I ALMOST DIED
Now dhar man needs to make fun of the sketch
about the merch. i'll take the piece cody was rubbing between his legs. thanks!
okay but can we talk about how much of a good actor the Gordon guy is?  everything he did felt so real.
8:15 lmaooo the names of characters were Jake and Paul
I loved this sooooo much!
I'M SO SORRY MAN :(
11:55 so we just not gonna talk about how wholesome this moment is? You can tell it’s true love when you see little moments like that subtle cheek/forehead kiss.
chills...literal CHILLS   💛💛
I actually love dhar man wtf
Moral of the story - having an open mind and not being so quick to judge makes a big difference in how we see things. Perspective. Cool to see Cody and Kelsey so proud of the video and all the hard work that went into it! Bravo! ⭐⭐⭐⭐
Was Jake just stirring water in a pot?
Su chef? Su chef? Su chef? Su? Su? Su? C’mon Cody
I mean THIS is content
Cody’s got his own hila 🥺
This was the most heartwarming thing ever
My 5th grade teacher taught me this: Patience is a virtue  Possess it if you can It is seldom in a woman  But never in a man !  Lmao.
This are my favorite type Cody Ko vid
We need to be talking more about how well made and produced this video is. There were so many things new things he hasn’t done before. It was sooo good.
the fucking egg oml
Kelsey being proud of him for being sad was so wholesome
i love wholesome cody
W
Wow that really seemed like a very frictionless process
Sous* chef
Cody: What's up man?! Dhar Mann: Hey! Your place looks like shit haha what are you poor or something?  Just jokes
What I like about Cody's sketch is that the antagonist did learn his lesson and did not look down on his new job.
You didn't just kill it, you murdered it, murked it Cody. 😂
I love this!!!!!
GAG. This is GENUINELY SO GOOD.
Hearing Dhar Mann explain his ethos really elucidated why the writing is the way it is. For those who can’t speak English or rely on visual cues. For younger audiences too, shoot I know I watched CHEESY things as a kid that helped make me a better person. Shoot, do I like Dhar Mann now? He’s actually very thoughtful and good natured. Sheesh. What I LOVE is how Kelsey supports Cody, kissing his head when he made his entrance 🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻
Cody I want you to know your channels ads are only for tik tok
Bro the line “so... are you gonna clean it?” Was immediately followed by an ad, why does youtube always find the moment of highest suspense to hit me with detergent ads?
Pls get noel to react at this video
Twist Ending: Jake plans to poison the food so that when Kevin does a taste test he dies. Cody is forced into the role of an accomplice, they boil Kevin's body to eliminate evidence and forge a will. Jake then takes over the restaurant and gets that bread.
Cody even got the Brain Dead shirt on his animation lmaoo
you gotta do the skit with noel lol
I’m sorry Cody...but...cringe
Jake has quite the redemption arc
Ugh, i can't anymore. You two are too cute. I feel like normally i'd be bitter, but i'm just impressed.
Yeah okay but dhar Mann is actually a felon
Fucking love how your girl is halping you become a better man, you've got your self a unicorn , GREAT job btw.
Su Chef
Yo Dhar man seems hella cool
that forehead kiss though <3
when are you gonna see noeeeellll
I’m trying to get this bread N O W
It sucks that it was literally kind of hard to watch part of this video near the end because it was wholesome and positive lol. I had to stop myself from cringing because I was so unused to shit like that. I wish there was more stuff like this I was interested in because I’m so used to negative hate shit on YouTube. But I guess my point is is that I’m proud of you and I liked your video. Good luck in your career
no one mentioned the way the egg SLAPPED the floor bro that sent me
Kelsey's support omg 🥺🥺🥺
I'm high and literally said "familiar with" before Kelsey and Cody. My mind is blown.
14:00 Skype noti lol
Wait, Gordon, like Gordon Ramsey?
Why does Cody and Noel end up becoming friends with literally everyone they roast? Never works for me 😔
Dhar Mann's hands could palm Cody's whole head
he got fuckin dhar manned
What is the outro song?
This video made me so happy lol
the message about not shitting on the process of something u don't understand.. CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT BABY! i love laughing at people's content that i think is cringy but i forget that others might feel a different type of way about it. this was cute and a good reminder to let people enjoy things
I actually cried...
Okay, cool. Now Noel can make fun of Cody's sketch for a That's Cringe Episode.   Dhar Mann seems like a cool guy.
I love Kelsie, the voice of wisdom on the couch teling Cody this is a life lesson. The BEST
Its so cute to see how proud Cody gets when watching the video!
Why did I tear up at the video??
I’ve been crying for the past hour and this video made me stop crying and put a smile on my face, thanks a bunch
I want Kody & Dhar Mann to direct all training videos from here on out.
Can somebody explain to me how the English language works? Cause they started their chat with: - hey what's up dude - heyy what's up - what's upp - how are you? And at the end neither of them know how the other person is doing
can we talk about the shade dhar mann threw on codys living space LMAO
4:27 the way Kelsey reacted to Cody’s praise was so cute she was just smiling and feeling happy by him clapping and cheering for her idea
this video felt like an 11 minute build up to the "I'm so sorry man". I can't stop laughing,
Cody: *graduates from Duke*  Also Cody: 04:35 *can't spell sous chef*
0:48 lil peep? Respect leveled up
Your video almost made me cry
Dear Mann surprising him with that makes him a legend
as a disabled person who's native language isn't english i actually highly appreciate dhar mann making his videos easy to understand for everyone
I love how he so weary after making an agg. Does this place only serve eggs?
The whole thing is just "rich man bad".  Like can u think of anything besides that?😂😂😂
"SU CHEF" 🤣🤣  Spelling mistakes aside, this was great!
Dhar Mann!
lil peep x
That was great, thank you👏🌹
loving the hair man
I need more videos with Cody and Kelsey
I was waiting for Kevin to pull up his hat and a rat be there
Lowkey I went from a line cook to a server
The Dhar Mann initiative
Milking the ads on this one lmfao
We love Dhar Mann
I never thought I’d be attracted to a cartoon until I saw cartoon Cody
Ight but when we gonna get dhar mann on the podcast?
why did i start crying
why is he saying "fony" instead of funny lmao
82240608
Ok..  1) No idea who any of you are (cody ko your the random video youtube told me to watch)  excitement weee 2) 20 min video WHY am i still watching lol 3) Why did youtube send this to me? Nether channel is really my style yet it knew I would watch it :D
Man this Dhar Mann Trilogy is some cathartic shit
so glad Gordon retired and Kevin didn't just bulldoze him
Cody just wants a piece of that fb following
I'm commenting live as I'm watching this and the sketch is about to start and I can't look at the screen! i'm so scared!! LMAO!!!
Its Cody Cook!!!! LOL
You are a gentleman and a scholar, Cody. Watched you since vine and your development as a comedian, creator and human being is awesome to see. Nicely done, sir.
I like that all the people you make videos on, just love the videos
Its Dhauuur Maaaaaannnnnn
Dhar Mann, accessibility king
When’s the girl defined collar doe
But did you ever give Maddison Bush her 50 dollars back though...
Cody looking like a default character if this restaurant was a game
Couple's cringe love island
First the Kombucha and now Dhar Mann. Love the wholesome connections you get from ragging on these guys content. Great to see they are genuinely likeable people.
In every cut scean, his facial hair grew 1 mm
Kelsey the Puppet Master
Bro this was amazing, thank you Dhaar Man and Cody for this 😃
this is such a good video omg cody rlly outdid himself !!!!!!!!! <3
Behind
Was kelsey scratching her balls trough the sweatpants?
What are the names of the other cast members?
SU CHEF
Idk how I’m finding out about this now and I’ve loved Cody’s videos literally for years, since before 1 million even but how has he not properly apologized for the homophobic, transphobic and racist slurs he’s used... so disappointed and sad
At the Reel life jake gets redemption
Kelsey's musical solo was the best part of this video
what's next a colab  5 MINUTE CRAFTS
love that they’re only cooking eggs and hot water
That slow-mo of Kelsey The Puppet Master?!? 😂🥰
Cody pls do more baking thanks
You’re old
Should have made the antagonist Cody and how he shits on content creators then tries it himself and realises its actually hard.
He’s so charismatic that dude is a real home slice
I feel like Kelsey is definitely the brains behind most of Cody’s content 😂
I loved this
what a humbling video
I thought you didn't like dhar know you do nice change of heart and you were in one of his videos 😊😊😊
When you actually learn a life lesson and really needed to hear it...💀
who else saw coryxkenshin
Kelsey is always so supportive of Cody, I really hope some day I can find someone like that :(
Dharr is a good guy back of
Hey love the story type videos like the narration and whole vibe.
kelsey needs to show this to her students
Cody Kook...whipping it up in the kitchen
lil peep - about you is heat😁😁
Cody's turning into a film director, he's got the cap and the hair!
Is this Cody’s “big project?” 😂
Cody's acting reminds of that remorseful tattoo artist's look from the tattoo show lol
If only Noel was there to do the original Dhar Man scream
okay mr. struggle
Cody looks so out of place i keep thinking he edited himself in
Thank you H3 podcast for getting me here
i LOVE this
Now we need a video with Dre Drexler
Kelsey >>>
oh shit is cody a fellow lil peep fan
When i 1st ever saw dahr man I thought he was focused tube
This video made my day lol gotta love Cody
So, will you be making Cody Koats for winter?
I love this video so much, it's so wholesome??? I'd love to see more content like this in the future!!! <3 #tinymeatgang4lyfe
But where was Noel for this???
coped some merch and my wifi cut out at first so that sure taught me patience bro BEHIND
Just curious. What song is it when he promoted his merch?  Tia ^^
This is a very WillNE video
This was really cute to watch. Kelsey is so supportive
I miss the old Cody I definitely need more that’s cringe with Noel
I like how Gordon just drank water
HE NAMED THE CHEF GORDON LMAO
i feel like it would be so hard for cody to actually take this seriously and not like do a like a fuck boy  laugh or something
DHAR IS GREAT BUT MY KITTEN PLAYING FETCH IS BETTER :) HEY FROM THE UK  https://youtu.be/HsLersQ4zR0
cody giving us a sneak peak from his new house. looks nice, cool
I can’t not see this as a joke lol
*whisper* sous chef
Do what would u do with John quinones next
Cody is so right about how the type of comedy most of follow are ones to hate on things and after seeing this video and what goes behind one of the Dhar Mans sketches it's just so wholesome and a level of respect that I never tried to see behind it because I hopped on the bandwagon of comedic hating too. Lots of people need to see this video
Jakes the CEO of dropping eggs and jobs
I like how dahr man subliminally made Cody say sorry to him 😂😂😂
Now this here is quality content. Keep it up Cody!
"im so sorry man" -Cody Ko thats my senior quote now
Everyone needs a Kelsey in their life
I'm actually shocked right now I loved it!!!
It's the freckles for me
Literally Cody Ko is the only guy I know who can roast someone and then end up being genuine good friends with them. Dhar Mann, Matty Smokes and GT Dave are all super down to earth guys :)
Kelsey is a keeper.
chefs kiss
this is so good
is it me or does cody look a bit fat
SO no one is gonna talk about how sick is the editing ?
Cody and pewdiepie have some of the best merch
NOT THE CHEF BEING NAMED GORDON
Cody's grown so much in the last years man
Cody roasts the fuck outta people and then becomes friends with them ❤️ yes
Noel's new video "DHAR MANN IS BACK "
Both of you give big PP and chad energy
dhar mann sounds like fred armisen in the californians
This was the most inspirational video I have witnessed in years
The world works in some crazy ways my dude. Everything happens for a reason.
i liked the video, until i saw the end.... now i hope ur gf leaves u
why this skit got me crying T^T
dude  i've been following you since vine and this might be my favorite thing you have ever done
Dude! HAHAHAHAHA what was that cartoon bit at 4:08! “Shit” was literally hilarious
Kelsey is a QUEEN
You and Noel should react to classically Abby 💀
Proud subscriber!
My bfs brother is named kody cook ...
DHAAARRRRR MAANNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Off topic but you look like the main character on The Order on Netflix, great video Cody Cook
Enemies to lovers, slow burn
hey cody      80+26 doesn't equal 96
I was just smiling throughout this entire video. So proud of you Cody! 🤗
When he addressed the deaf audience. 🥺😭❤️
bruh make more of these videos these are actually pretty cool
your intro feels like darman is holding a gun to you behind the camera lmfao
So funny....this Dhar Mann....I have snoozed him him, blocked him on FB in an effort to stop seeing his stuff. I am still seeing his posts all the time. His videos drive me NUTS but he seems like a really nice guy
CODYS LINE HAD ME DEAD 😂I’ve never seen him serious 😂
why am i crying
this editing is so different i dont feel like I'm on your channel anymore
puppetmaster babe
the quality of this video is insane
Nice animation
i swear if Your Mom's House reacts to this one im going to die.
kelsey is snapping hard! snapping turtle
bootlick simulator
kelsey is taking shots
oh boy, looks like cody ko needs to learn a little bit about patience
"su chef"
this honestly made my 2020 so much better. I saw DHARR MANNs video when it first dropped bc ive always enjoyed dharrs corny life changing videos. but you did so good with this cody I love the video and I loved seeing you in his video before I even knew what was happening it was a happy surprise !!!! I love it
Good job cody
su chef
Someone do “so you see” Compilation
Kelsey puppet mastered the shit out of you
Cody Cook sounds like he makes meth
What a sweet guy man❤️
Bruh, I always come here for the laughs, as I share the same kind of humour. But this sketch was awesome and helps you remind of little things that slip away on the daily basis. Thanks!!
Dhar Mann was such a good sport about it all what a legend. This was a killer video love the quality Cody especially the animation.
Cody I don’t want your mercy rn, it’s too hot outside.
I fucking love when him and his gf make videos together, like they’re not too “coupley” and they’re funny together and not cringy.
He shoulda done the lesson: “it is what it is”  No one really knows what “it” is
Cody: how’d I perform?! Dahr:...yeah,
What a horrible sketch
0:49 cody listens to gus
no ones talking about Kelsey's shirt and I'm upset about it
Cody love island USA is coming out next week and it looks just as if not more trash than the uk one.  Get on that shiy
I actually just watched that yesterday lol
I loved the quote and vedio it made me inspired and motivated thanks cody 😍☀️❤️😘👌 and tge other guy
This was so surprising. I loved seeing you make fun of something you created! So fabulous!
the 5 mill gift. what a guy
Congrats on 5 Milli KING
lower the prices god damn
Jake: makes fun of cook and then eventually gets a job working for him.  Cody: makes fun of Dhar Mann and eventually gets a job working for him.
your dog is cute
this is so wholesome pls
Don't think we didn't notice you named the head chef "Gordan"
I would buy some of ur merch but a bitch has $13 in her bank account lmaaooo
DAR MAAAAAAANN
Kelsey cameo's are always a treat in Cody's videos :D
this was a cinematic experience
I like the other person from That’s Cringe
I miss Noel in the skit
This is like a Nathan for you episode lolol
4:14 i cant stop laughing
This video is actually amazing
Wow Cody looks so ready for his role as Prince Eric in his high school’s production of The Little Mermaid
11:52 the “i’m proud of you” kiss on the forehead is great. Cody Kook 👨‍🍳 is killing it
0:49 Cody you’re man culture aren’t you we miss him too
what in the disney channel crossover
not seeing noel in this just pisses me off
Yo! English is my 3rd language. Just so you know, Cody. Your audience is universal too
Jake the Egg Dropper.
new fave video!!
This was a great video!!!!!
Did u guys realise that the arrogant guy is named Jake??!!!
The fact that I actually learned something...this was a great collab.
I LOVE that Dhar Mann can take a roast and has a good sense of humour about it. Super cool when people don't take everything too seriously
Yoooooo I neeeeeeeed that McDonald's sweatshirt
Would of been funny if he just told him nah to getting his job back hahaha
A chef named Gordon? Wow, you guys really are creative
cody should've made a script about an youtuber that criticizes someone else's work and while one of the creators wants to take actons over it the other creator, could be the boss, says something like not caring about one harmful comment over a thousand good ones... or something like that idk
Some say Cody‘s original dialogue wasn’t quite frictionless
THIS WAS AMAZING CODY WE'RE ALL SO PROUD OF YOU
This gives me mad respect for Dhar Mann, his videos are proper, well thought out productions, and he seems like such a genuinely nice guy.
What kind of restaurants do they work at. Do they just serve plain eggs?
can you PLEASE react to classically abby next
this was amazing
Dhar man is so positive
yeet
How can u be so mean to such a good person
7:45 Kelsey is SOO smart
Bring back love island
what is that song during the merch tho i gotta know
unsubbed
why does cody look like walmart mark wahlberg
Ima kid
Noel shaving his head completely to look like he’s in the military while Cody’s growing it out until he becomes Thor
fun documentary.
When you’ve become the thing you swore to destroy
POV: Spongebob trying to write his essay 😩😹
im missin noel
i feel like this video is what happens if you put LSD on a youtube channel and it recorded itself
Any other philosophy students get a little triggered when she said "Patience and Virtue" without properly defining them or which school of though it comes from
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA THIS MADE MY WEEK!! Best collaboration on the internet
Cody i know you wrote this as a joke but frfr i just got rejected from my dream job and their feedback was a punch in the guts but you're so right dude great things take time
I wanna make a billion dollars....any tutorials on that?
OUTRO SONG??
Wholesome af
why is this video edited like a coming of age movie
Cant wait for Noel's reaction 😆
You have to collaborate with NotEvenEmily, you have to. You just really have to.
I tried to take his video serious but as soon as he dropped that egg I couldn’t stop laughing 😂
I have a problem with his videos and this is why: Why are the men always the breadwinners in his videos? Why does he always depict women as relying on men to buy them nice things? It is really bothersome to me for a few reasons. I understand the point of his videos always presents a dilemma and to illustrate a grander point meant to inspire the humanity in us morally but it's frustrating that women have come so far and his videos illustrate a pattern of poor behavior (by men) when women are capable of the same but also that women are always the subject of that abuse and stay even those these people treat them terribly and devalue their contributions to the home and family in regards to raising children or homemaking.  It's just really gross and pervasive.
I stopped before the reveal midway through this video to go watch the vid, am back now
It's time for Cody and Noel to make a song with the hot girls
Based on the fact how great of a cinnamon roll Cody made on the 5 mil video, I'm convinced on the Server to Cook promotion in this one
The zoom call bell triggered me
If theres anything ive learned about the Internet its that these type of people are always in on the joke. The guy knows his shits cringey and way too spelled out for the viewer but he knows that that reaches an audience. He's honestly a genius.
I love ❤️ Dhar Mann’s videos very much. Like if you do.
I came back just to watch the merch outro.lol.
this was so sick
The part were Cody said behind was hilarious to me because I work as a cook on a line and we always say that to a avoid accidentally hitting eachother so it was actually pretty accurate to working at a restaurant.
Cody almost made the olympics but still looks way more proud that he got promoted in a fake skit.
I really want to see what's in the first untitled document on his computer
A channel that makes stuff like this always pops up in my Facebook feed, but it's based out of Vietnam I think, and the situations are so crazy and there is often NO redemption in the end. Like the one where the mother-in-law berates her son's wife for giving birth to a girl & tells her she needs to give away and get busy poppin out a boy, and when she tells her mother-in-law to get bent, the husband throws her & the baby out on the street. Like, what? Does this shit really happen in Vietnam today?!
pog
i really think u should have incorporated noel into it but...
Jake really just needs to stop working with eggs...
We gonna ignore the fact that kelsey completely attacked our beloved cody
Joe
Joe
10k
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
I love it! Good job
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe
u look like tyler from malibu rescue
Dhar Mann at the end of his vid: Cody knows patience cause he just hit 5 million subs!! But we’ve got some news for Cody, last year, I ran into his mom at the gym, as we started talking more and more, and exersising more and more, we began to get closer and closer!  Cody: What? Ahaha Dhar Mann what’s going on haha.  Dhar Mann: And as we got closer she told me how sick she was of his father! I became a bit of a shoulder to cry on for her! One night I took her out to dinner and after we’d both had a little bit much to drink..  Cody: Okay seriously what the fuck is going on here.  Dhar Mann: We both gave into our most inner wants and desires! That was two months ago! She’s now planning on leaving Cody’s father for me.   Cody: *getting nervous* Okay I gotta go make a phone ca..  Dhar Mann: This just goes to show, that with a bit of patience and dedication, I will now become Cody’s step dad!   Cody: *crying* No.. God no..  Dhar Mann: Shouldn’t’ve made fun of my videos Cody, cause now I’m FUCKING your mother!! DHAR MANN OOOOOOOOOH
Cody Ko make a hair video PLEASE BRO
this is like la rosa de guadalupe
They say good things take time, however this only took 5 weeks
What a beautiful story
"su chef"
this video did not past the becdhal test 😔💔
the cleaning guy can become a chef have y’all not seen ratatouille 😭
very well edited! exceptional video lol.
Dhar Mann is a marketing genius
The production value of this video is far above the rest! It was like a mini-doc or web show or something... really liked it... first time ive seen you use animations, very cool!
cody and noel should’ve BOTH had a cameo  EDIT: I LOVE THIS VIDEO SO MUCH AND ITS AMAZING BUT I THINK THEM BOTH BEING IN IT WOULDVE BEEN OUTSTANDING
The video on Facebook didn’t perform as well because it didn’t have a “You See...” flashback in it
Kelsey at 7:45 is the equivalent of the criticizing husband from the that’s cringe dhar mann video. She sits in the background just to talk shit.
Why are you a younger Jorma Taccone
I just made the sickest noodle soup ever
This was a Dhar Mann video inside if a Dhar Mann video. We learned about being patient  and not judging a book by it’s cover 😌
This is so cool. Good for you, Cody.
Petition for Cody to make a podcast
Dhar man lost me so much time scrolling on facebook on the toilet
i didn’t realize that cody literally puts the link to his women channel in the desc
it's *sous* chef, for the record
His explanation for why the dialogue and skits are a little corny made so much sense, respect Dhar Mann.
fuck the new merch goes hard and im broke :(
Cody doesn't know tht the guy he picked as the mean guy was only nice in the vids lol
Love the spelling of sous chef😂
cody's gotten a lil freckley
this was so good i teared up :,)
Now I understand why in one of his videos he called a icy, ice cream
Can we just discuss how good Cody’s editing has gotten? Oh my goddddd
Maybe his videos are low quality and have poor acting but I think dhar man is pretty talented
Dope. Ngl.
This was unexpectedly wholesome and I am here for it.
"su chef"
Cody should get a gongshow hat
Cody was so passionate and Kelsey was so proud omfg!!!! Make Noel roast it tho
Great video Cody
HAHAH i love this lmao
This is soft
Anyone else see that Cody listens to peep?
This video deserves more views!!!
U earned your self a subcriber
U were in a dhar man vid
Would’ve lost my shit if in the end Cody’s character thew an egg down and told him To pick that shit up
Cody: "I've never written anything serious in my life"     Also Cody: *graduates from Duke university*
anyone else notice how good the editing was on this video, like the animations and stuff?
MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT RUSSEL HARTLY
i won't subscribe
su chef.....
But wheres the 'behind!' merch?
Wow Kelsey's great with kids and old people. Find you someone who can do both and then be as wholesome as Kelsey and Cody (came from the H3 podcast and he's so respectful and proud of her work and fulfillment just like she is for all his senior citizen endeavors. They're the cutest)
wait why do I now have so much respect for dhar mann
Awesome!!
11:59. Is this too much to ask for?
Scene 2 take 26? Jesus
I always enjoy hearing what Kelsey has to say...  her intuition is pretty solid.
this isnt funny love u tho
There’s some video in you’re ads
I dnt trust it man
i almost cried
omg i saw that story
i cant explain it but cody reminds me of jim halpert
Please don't tell me he sent the script to Dhar with Sous-chef spelt "Su"
I feel personally attacked that the impatient guys name is Jake, I’m very patient.
All jokes aside, Cody's story is actually relatable,  I always see guys at my work who want raises as quick as possible while either rushing to finish their work or causing issues. They usually end up wanting to start at higher wages at other places where the work is ultimately worse and raises are scarce compared to the current job they have where they just need to be patient and understanding towards supervisors in order to get paid more.
Everything about this.
I'd love to see the whole thing repeat where Cody dropped the eggs on the floor
Wait were you in Sky High?
This is actually really wholesome
Dhar Mann looks a lot like Easy Mac. I figured he's a cool guy
This video is surprisingly what I needed to hear
Why did I cry like 100 times ? & laughed at all the times they were laughing
Loved this! And what a journey, from roasting these vids to making them together
damn he old  good vid tho
Video: emotional, humorous, inspiring  Cody: let’s add a DMT trip at the end
200k likes 780 dislikes
This was wholesome AF
Ok but that was actually really sweet when dhar mann surprised cody with the 5 mill present 🥺🥺🥺
The fact this video about making a Dhar Mann video is also a Dhar Mann video just shows that we are living under infinite layers of irony
I love how cute they are together
I wanna hang out with Cody on Saturday afternoons and just watch some videos
I love how supportive and cute Kelsey is!
Wow. It's amazing how he can make fun of a creator, but still have a *frictionless* collab with him.
ngl this is kind of a good message lol
This was great wow
That merch, like usual, is fire old man . this video made my day lol
get a haircut
I LOVE THIS
We know why you named him jake. You ain't slick
The layers of different types of content..go off
Where is codel at????? Like if u want love island to come back for episode 12
New Merch is LIT ahaha 🔥 black one with flames baby!
Wow... Frictionless
Great collab vid!!!
Cody, I’m so sorry......but I love this video
bro I fucking love her just tearing him apart this whole video lol. BARS
i love how suppoortive kody's girlfriend is
He really named the head chef "gordon"
The situation as a whole is a life lesson video lol. In the end, Cody changed his mind about this guy's content when he realised how it actually works
Cody: NEW MERCH!!! Ukrainians: aww, he put our flag on his merch!! <3  Great video, by the way! Unexpectedly inspirational!
I swear that merch outro looked like it was shot at Danny's house in LA lmaooo
I didn’t think dhar Mann was super short but then I saw him standing next to Cody and he’s only a little taller
Cool video
glad you appreciate lil peep u are cultured cody
This was so incredibly wholesome !!!💗
approaching millionaire for a business collab Cody : "Hey you wanna just do it for me ?"
Ur hair in this vid is my goal
Regardless, this is something I gotta respect Dhar Man for letting this happen. He can take a joke and even roll with the punches. Cody out here making me feel guilty n shit for laughing now xD
2:26 dark mode
hello cody you should make a social media site with no censorship, it would be so great \ please somebody has to be the next upgraded freedom version of zuckerburg i vote you
I just love that Cody pulled a Big Fat Liar and took the entire sketch idea from Kelsey.
You know someone is chill when after you make 3 videos making fun of them they let you create a sketch and star on their channel without an persausion
i love the story telling type format in the beginning, and the clean editing
Gotta love the meme diarrhea sound effect at 4:15
Cody ko first roasts people and then later collab with them. Now we want a collab with the Christian sisters!
Darh man is actually dope
I love thsi it was really good!
"I don't know if it was irony or just Kelsey being a puppet master." LMAO
Kelsey is so great everytime she laughs I laugh LOOOOL
Dhar Man and GT Dave are solid dudes.
haven’t seen a comment on how dhar mann surprised cody with the 5 million gift I thought that was so nice
I watch darr mann and I am 8 he is awesome I watched the video that you were in good acting
cody cutting the outro early bc he couldn’t wait to promote the new merch is one of the most ironic things i’ve ever heard😂
#bringbacknoel
Noel shoulda heen in this
Great job man 👏
Cody looked like my dad did when he killed a crab with a beer can
Now I understand the cringe.
nice job cody, love you
why does this make me want to cry?
anyone else noticed lil peep when cody typed in his youtube search
meta
Darn, man It’s Dhar Mann
those animations are frictionless
Cody ko + sad = Tyler brash
Crossover event of the century
Dharmander
He seems like a dope guy
Thank you so much for allowing me to be a part of this project, we had so much fun and to Cody’s fans I have to say he really is a genuinely nice guy. We will remember this one for sure! 🙏🏼🙏🏼
Brooo! If there's ever a chance to do That's Cringe again, PLEASE do it on Classical Abby. I can't STAND her! Her ads are on my feed like some kind of techno stalker! 😭😭
That was so cuteeee
Cody this is amazing bro
This is your best video. I love what you did with the editing, animation, and pacing! Much love.
I enjoyed that skit so much more than I expected. Great job Cody. Keep up the good work man.
did Kelsey really just call Cody “Mr. Struggle” dude?
its sous-chef btw, not su-chef
the editing on this is kinda freaking me out man but maybe im just tripping
Dhar Mann definitely got inspired by La Rosa de Guadalupe, mexican series lol
Yo man this shit inspired me
Cody now has to do a collab with everyone he's every made a video on.
Kelsey is the supportive partner we all need
This is honestly surreal
Keen for Kelsey to drop her new track I Am So Ready
Bruh where is Noel when you need him
I like how Kelsey basically made up the whole story lol
I don't know why I'm laughing so hard it's so fucking absurd and then Kelsey saying "you're literally learning a life lesson right now" stoooopppp
0:48 cody listens to peep
Wholesome content and uplifting
Sous Chef Cody, not Su Chef
Welcome to becoming a mature adult
Matty Smokes,Kombucha king and now Dhar Mann. Who's next? i'd accept anyone except Girl Defined....
Kody ko is if scout was going through mid life crisis
This is surprisingly wholesome and freaking hilarious at the same time. Cody that egg I'm so sorry man :(
THIS IS SO FUCKING WHOLESOME
Please do a collab with Dre Drexler
This is out of topic but I got an McDonald's ad cause of Kelsey's shirt.
LOVE THIS!
Nooo Cody. That's not how you write  ''su chef'' 😂😢
wholesome af
is it just me or his skin  bit yellow
This video made my day
Cody cook: the best meth cook in LA
came from h3h3
you know cody depressed as hell with all that lil peep in his recommended
People of the Internet, Jaystation is back.
I’m so sorry 😞
lil peep about u mix 🥺🥺
Is no one gonna talk about the new edits
Dhar Mann is really amazing dude. You can clearly see that he just sooooo sweet!
As man this video made me so happy, 10/10
Can you guys do a that's cringe. On anything. I'll literally watch a that's cringe on Cheetos. Fucking. Cheetos
this is so wholesome and I love ittt
Girls Defined crossover when?
Honestly your best video Cody!
Hopefully you guys see this, since I’m so late to the party lol  Honestly man, I’ve been subscribed for about 4 years and I have to say. You’re really growing mentally, comedically, and personality-wise. It’s incredibly inspiring. I don’t know if you give yourself enough credit for how far you’ve come. You and Noel have had me laughing through some of my worst moments and I just want you guys to know that you’re hard work is seriously appreciated. Thank you guys. I wish you safety and prosperity. Keep up the good work. :) Shoutout to Kelsey as well for making the videos even better. ✌🏾😁❤️
I'm so incredibly proud of Cody! This is actually so good :)
MERCH FIRE
Now make a "thats cringe" on your own video, but take it seriously, not like haha thats me, cringe
Kelsey is the cutest human being ever
Imagine Cody got a copywrite strike...
Did no one think about doing a lesson that was thematically intertwined with how you ended up working together? Like a “don’t make fun of something until you know what it takes to make it” thing? Basically what your girlfriend said.
I loved this video Cody, great job to you and to Kelsey too for helping you out, you guys are great
That poor woman that has now stuck to her shitty job just cause you gave her false hopes of getting somewhere with it
I love that we all had the same reaction to Cody's "I'm so sorry man"  just straight up laughing out loud
That merch montage was everything I needed.
you have the same headphones i have.
twitter be like  the sexual tension between jake and the egg on the floor
Dharr man made Cody apologize to him lmao and he replays that part over and over
7:57 Wait.... Mr. Struggle?
Seriously how the fuck are you two so god damn cute! The fuck!  You got a great sense of humour mate, good on ya for havin fun with this, love ya stuff, stay safe stay sane broseph
i just wanted to say that you changed the way i think about other people
I heard u worked hard on this on the h3 podcast. It definitely shows
shoutout to animation guy!
This is hilarious and wholesome at the same time
why are you doing this, ok Shane
Cody you literally mean the world to me and my girlfriend. We watch every single one of your videos and just talk about how amazing of a human being you are, so funny while also managing to be considerate and sensitive and caring and willing to take criticism and learn. You are our king. We adore you<3
yoooooooooo your murch is dope as fuck
HOLY SHIT THIS IS AWESOME
Now if Cody does a video with Girl Defined then 2020 really is the craziest year ever!!
Can you bring back that’s cringe😬
Okay, now let's roast this one.
i’m so sorry man.
Where tf is Noel
Lol that McDonald's sweater tho
Cody don’t turn soft my guy
This is GOLD. When they worked together the video ended up having a more wholesome message. It had humor, sadness , relatability and a life lesson. Man its amazing what people can do when they work together even for just 1 project.
Happy 5 mil
Cody Cook
13:50 the scene was so intense to the point of Dhar Man start to sound like chills lol  Imagine if Cody turned up the intensity a little bit more the scene would be like : Jake quit and started to work at 'BuRgEr KiNg FoOt LeTtUcE'
Who isn’t in love with Kelsey at this point ❤️❤️❤️ she clearly loves you so much
Not gonna lie this was really 🔥
tbh tho i dont like it when youtuber collabs with the person they dont like, it feels ingenuine and just. Like come on, get some balls and not buddy buddy with some douche
Kelsey is so cute also ngl really great sketch
11:48 damn bruh I want something real like this.
Kelsey really hit you where it hurts
I think we need "behind" merch
why was this actually heartfelt 🥺
so happy to see 2 sincere and passionate men (sorry for my french)
You’re just mad he’s more famous than you loser
9:07 ige uri tang tang tang tang aha ok sorry i had to bye  Edit: just got done watching the whole video and aww :( its actually so nice how cody went through like a "lesson" and realize that it wasnt as easy as it seems and kinda changed him a bit at least as a person. And when cody and kelsey watched the end product tgt was so cutehcjdjkx
This is my new favorite Cody Ko video
“I’m so sorry, man... :( “ LMAO
cody I beg you to do a that's cringe on the millie b and sophie aspin drama.....the m to the b girl.....its is cringe please roast some british teenagers
yo whys dhar mann a lad
you did so well cody!!
Why is this the best video I’ve ever seen
okay, but with cody's "Behind" line you can tell someone worked in a kitchen bc that shit's important
this was awesome🥺🖤
Cody looking at his blank screen thinking about that to write is me all the time with my essays after looking at so many examples
hey cody this video was 12 on trending two days ago in the Philippines thats pretty cool i thought i was the only one in the philippines watching your vids
Kelsey is so supportive i love it
this was so wholesome cause you can tell how much cody genuinely enjoyed it all
This video hits hard man
Bruh, talking about head chefs and all they do is cooking an egg :(
I watched this earlier and I was like Cody hmmm then I saw ur face and was like ooooooo Cody co du
Kelsey got on your ass lmao i love her!
Awww this video actually made me feel so sad...😢🥺 it was soo cute🥺🥰
NOEL PLS REACT TO THIS VIDEO
i went from hating dhar man to really admiring this dude. Man is super down to earth and chill
Now Cody just needs to learn how to raise the vibrations of the entire world so everybody finds their soulmates like the couple from the You video. They’re working so hard to help us all find our soulmates and you laughed at them, Cody. She’s the best artist in the entire world and you laughed at her. Unbelievable.
I think this is the most wholesome video on your channel
He's collabed with Kombucha King. He's collabed with Dhar Mann. Is Girl Defined next?
why was it actually so good tho I'm so proud of you Cody lmao
Best like to dislike ratio I’ve ever seen
That emotional weight tho!
cody– love what ur doin here.... just reallllly hope this doesn't mean no more thats cringe
I think Cody’s second idea would have been good if instead of a coma the girl contracted coronavirus then infected the mean girls
In N Out would never let your hair be sprouting out like that, you’d have to pin it up.
Where does this shit sound at 4:15 come from
That was his best video.
this may just be my new favorite cody ko video
why jake look like a six foot version of noel...
lol cody co's acting is so bad
this is 100% one of your best videos
We want another That's Cringe
I'm so sorry man.
I’m ready for the Girl Defined collab
I can’t believe Cody wore basketball shorts to the video shoot
When you quit you’re job because Cody made you drop you’re eggs
Was naming the head chef Gordon intentional or coincidental?
I watched this with my boyfriend who is a chef and he FELT THIS
cody my dad called you handsome
This Video is sooo inspirational. I've been kinda in a slump lately and not really sure where to set my focus but im gonna keep on trucking thru :)  Also amazing job on the sketch!! <3
petition for DHAR MANNN!!! to produce the coma girl sketch
dhar mann was lowkey talking down to cody
It's so wholesome that Dhar Mann actually congratulated Cody on getting 15mil subs
Review the VMA looks please
I really wish he would've just told the guy to fuck off at the end but the happy music still keeps playing and then Cody throws an egg at him and says behind.  Then it cuts to black.
This is so incredibly wholesome
Nothing makes me respect the people Cody and Noel rip on more than when they actually have a good heart about it and do a collab.
"Here that is" ..."Here it is"  "Without further ado.."  So many ways to intro that lol but you went with "Here that is"
“I couldn’t wait to show you the new merch!” Did you learn nothing Cody?
Cody can you do a that’s cringe on god is  grey. She’s talked abt girl defined and I think the two channels have beef. Point is I think it’s make a good idea.
I keep thinking this video was a sneaky way of talking about sex
Wait he doesn't always talk like that? And some of his reasons actually make sense
is that cornelius  animating?
i cried the other day watching a dhar mann video...
Cody... this is revolutionary and thoughtful and I have to say it is quite uncommon among these commentary channels. great job my mans!
When he shows his last name!
cody listens to peep?!
Ngl the ending of this feels like a porno waiting to happen
Cody is so open minded but he gives himself to much crap for joking around about dhars videos
"Boy makes fun of Dhar Mann videos. What happens next will shock you..."
I’m so sorry man
You really did it?
I want to be in a happy loving relationship like Codsey or whatever their ship name is
the way cody went OFF with the acting in this vid cements that he is a force to be reckoned with
When universes collide for the good
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Yo what's that song at the end with the merch?
I heard the thing about the eggs and I was like hold up- I've watched this.
Following crea Tyler on that reverse intro thing I like it
Hell yeah more DHAR MANN
This is actually wholesome af, loved it
“I’m so sorry, man,” but that was hilarious. Little did he know, Jake ultimately went back to his old job at State Farm. This almost brought me to tears. *WHOLESOMENESS 100* ❤️❤️❤️ If you can’t beat ‘em,  join ‘em.
toooooooo wholesome
This is a cinematic masterpiece
damn okay editing go off
i’m fucking dying😭😭😭
Jake is Mr Struggle...
the way he spelled sous chef hahaha
7:17 what is the density of that cat lmao
Well done Cody :)
Therapist: How are we feeling today?  Me: Cody Ko saying "I'm so sorry, man. :("
11:52LMAOOO BEST ACTOR 2020
Less than 1k dislikes. Thats awesome usually with this many views theres more.
You were supposed to destroy The Sith not join them
7:45 kelsey got you m8
This is fucking legendary
are you simpin for dhar mann
I don't know but i started watching his videos to laugh and ended up watching them seriously for what they were-
Im so sorry man
How dope would it be if after Cody pulls up as the new cook he just yelled pawgerssss
Love the video
14:50 Me and my brother find the new avatar, an airbender named Aang
"i'm tryna get this bread now." ........ i felt that. but sir, i don't think that line is considered "basic english" lol
Damn, Dhar Mann is hella cool
Darrrr Man seems like a nice genuine dude
awww cody!!! this actually made me teary eyed a bit hahaha. probably bc i saw this type of growth 😭 i’m really happy you decided to make a video like this. good for you cody! 😅
Cody I legit got 10 trump ads while watching this😪
Dhar is so cool and nice 😭 we love a king that doesn’t take himself too seriously
kevin is adorable and i love him
Petition for Cody to make a second channel for cooking called "Cody Kook"
Seriously though, you do shit on a lot of people.
Now we have to see Cody make a video with girl defined
I actually felt more emotion for this skit than any of the other Dhar Mann skits!
dhar man, matty smokes, and next up “girl defined”
I actually love this content. its nice to see something fresh with all the normal content
I didn't expect that! I loved it
You killed it so hard 😍 this is incredible
He’s done been DHAR MANNNNEDDD
Why does Cody become friends with everyone he makes fun of lmao
The editing in this video is way different from your other videos, much more professional. I love it!!
cody growing his hair out is the best decision he’s ever made
Cody literally can't be taken seriously, every time he popped up i just lost it
I used to judge him for being so cliche but Dhar man seems so genuine and thoughtful 🥺
This actually made me very emotional for some reason
okay but this is the first merch I've ever wanted, that's sick. it's okayy baybe
Dhar Mann living the example of how to handle someone making fun of you and flipping it to be a positive hahaha. This is so good
Take 26
That merch commercial tho... fire
DAAAAHHHHHR MANNNNN
When he served the eggs he drops them on the customer 😂
That dude drops eggs everywhere. Maybe he should learn to be less clumsy hahaha
Cody Ko in a Dhar Mann sketch this is what made my 2020 better.
Cody with the egg drop I busted out laughing so hard.. 😂
The girls only coming to the hospital to take a picture with a girl in a coma is so legit and why I quit social media 😂
This is hilarious and so refreshing at the same time!!! props to you and Dhar Mann bro omg
MY MOM WATCHES DHAR MANN EVERYDAY
I think Cody should make this into a series, trying to remake the videos that he roasted in the past
Waiting on the Ajit Pai collab now
i love this video ! the whole experience was exciting
Did kelsey just say you were struggling ?? wow Mr. Struggle
Yo Cody’s calf’s r huge
When Cody asks Kelsey "What is a lesson?" and she immediately transitions into preschool teacher pep talk mode. What a pro.
i watched the video he reacted to right now and i didnt realize it was him but now i do xD
yall see lil peep tho at 0:49
look at dhar mann, so inspirational.
Wow we saw the kind-of behind the Scenes of a dhar mann video
Does Kody ko just watch ymh and then copy it?
Why did I cry
Dude...I laughed a lot hahaha
Is it just me or was the acting in the sketch better than most of the others
This was a fun video to watch!
Wtf the d man is so wholesome
0:49 lil peep
What I think is weird is that my 8 year old brother like binges all dhar Mann vids on my account and I think they are corny but he doesn’t know that
Who wants to see the new TV show.       Cody Kooks - A kitchen Trauma
Cody getting soft
7:57 MR. STRUGGLE???
this is wholesome
My mom sends me Spanish Dhar Man videos
that was actually good asf 😭😭😭
Can we just talk about the animation for a second
I wanna know what’s written in ‘untitled 1’
Seeing lil peep in your YouTube feed made me so happy
Lol all we actually say is “behind” in a restaurant so thats very realistic.
No matter how hard we try to tell this man to get rid of shit in that room it’s like we’re tiny voices god Cody just CLEAN THAT ROOM
this is cool but did anyone notice he listens to peep
anyone else notice the lil peep video on his recommended
Why is Codys shirt Mike Tyson saying "kiss"?
next up: cody appears in a girl defined video
his hair looks so shiny.. like a healthy dog
“Are you gonna clean it?” Gets slapped with two 15 second adds immediately after the line
one of the best videos youve made in a while
This is a genuinely good video and makes me appreciate Dhar Mann and feel bad for laughing at him. I had no idea why he wrote the way he did. I’m still not his target audience but I’m glad millions of people get something out of it
The way both got a positive experience out of this in the end is very wholesome. Big shoutout to Kelsey aswell for giving him a great lesson idea.
Why was that sketch so dramatic I’m over here on the edge of my seat haha
Didn’t realize Cody’s hair has gotten so long. He looks like Chad from your local college frat
Can we talk about the new animation style and the work he put in for this video haha he’s never worked harder
With all that’s going on in 2020 I’m surprised we haven’t gotten blonde Cody again
“Gordon” like Ramsay?!!
IS CODY THE ONE NARRATING
WHOLESOME AS FUCK
kelsey i love you
THE CHEF'S NAME IS GORDON LMAO
this is such a great thing to do. i'm proud of you, cody! you are growing, improving, and learning everyday! one of the best comedic youtuber out here.
Cody that was genuinely a beautiful video, great job man!!!
i'm missing noel
Bigger trilogy than the mike tyson fight😎😎😎😎
You can see Cody's face as it's about to start, he's so excited, it's pretty endearing.   Cute little pussy boy❤❤❤❤❤  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
the prodigy of duke university here
i love how he quits over an egg, i know how big that mess can be
I was not expecting such wholesome content. Some really nice and sweet sides from Kelsey, Cody and Dhar Mann
kelsey is so cute. I love her sm
when I saw the new merchandise I half-expected to see a shirt that has the word" Behind!" on it at the back
kelsey is so unfunny, does cody know how to post a video without her in it? i can’t name one other (non-single) youtuber who includes their significant other in their videos as much as cody- it’s weird. they’re like that weird super co-dependent couple that we all know.
Lol why Kelsey acting like a guy when she appears in vid? Men poses and scratching balls through pockets..
This video is a Dhar Mann video about walking a mile in someone else’s shoes
cody’s not funny anymore. he’s gotten too famous for his own good- kinda lost the comedic style he used to have
I fucking love when the people you roast turn out to be dope ass people with a sense of humor and then you guys come together and make some great shit. It’s cool that you can poke fun but keep an open mind. If more people had this mentality the world would be a more beautiful, more educated, and more eclectic place.
no FUCKING way.
Anyone got the name of the track during the merch reveal
i miss noel :(
The other day I saw one of his vids on fb and I watched it to cringe a bit... Clicked on the comment just to find out that non other than my dear mother is a Dhar man stan..🤣👏
damn this seems mad frictionless
Lol imagine the Girl Defined experience
Did anyone else notice that Cody listens to Lil peep on his youtube homepage right at the beginning? I think thats awesome personally.
Its sending me how hes just staring at one egg and refuses to clean ONE EGG
king
I really like the way this was edited. Gives me alex ernst vlog vibes
Kelsey is so supportive of Cody it’s cute
The character development of cody himself is just fascinating He is the only person that I know that can make fun of something and then literally turn it around in a good way
I just noticed that Cody naming the antagonist "Jake" is actually genius LMAFO
Why tf did this video make me emotional
I seen peep what a god
13:20 watches vid*  **ad pops out of nowhere showing a fat lady**
Cody says yep like he’s taking a shit.
the amount of self control he had to not watch a video he wrote/see what comments were/just check the views for a whole WEEKEND? that would be my death
7:45 kelsey spitting some truth
Video was about patience but he couldn't wait 5 seconds more to cut of the outro...
Cody looking sad during that sketch is how I look having to wake up for work 🙃 ughhhhhh. Seriously though I loved this video it was such a great idea and executed amazingly ☺
Do you live in jake paul’s old house?
6:22 how did he know most of the kids watches him-
this was so cute🥺
It's actually came to a point I'm jealous of their relationship wow
here from the H3 podcast!
named the head chef Gordon is hilarious
brilliant vid lmao
Yo I actually feel like I learned something from this
The head chefs name is Gordon.... as in Ramsey?
holy fuck I don't usually see the reason you get called old but the thumbnail couldn't look any less like you're in your 40's
hey I know this is off topic but im from Lake Charles, LA.. My hometown is absolutely destroyed because of Hurricane Laura and no one is really talking about it. So many people are homeless including my mom and 7 year old brother. I know there isn't much you can do but if you could just bring attention to it, anything would help. We are to be without power and water for 5 to 8 weeks. We need help. Please.
This was actually really wholesome and great. Good job on the script Cody, and I think it’s awesome you worked with dharr man, his explanation of how his audience is universal and that’s why they use basic English actually made a lot of sense and made me respect the videos more. V heartwarming video! ❤️
Really my fav couple 🥺
anyone else notice that his main page was filled with lil peep stations?
I’m so glad someone’s making a video about dhar mann. Over the past month I’ve been seeing way too many of those videos on Instagram
Nah but fr Dhar Man be having me in tears
OMLLLL #33 ON TRENDING YES CODY YESSSS
THE SIDEMEN COPIED YOUR “THE BUTTON” VIDEOS
I love this so much
Ngl I really enjoyed this video, it’s cool to see Cody actively trying to fit into the shoes of the person on the other side of the roast, u should definitely make this into a sub series
DARRR MANN!
The brainstorming part was literally a spongebob episode
he listens to peep 🥺
Congratulation Cody Ko, you are now the best new Story Writer.... 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
that sketch straight gas
I cant wait for this vid to end up in my brown family group chats on whatsapp soon
Cody and Kelsey are Gen Z’s Anthony and Kalel.
The 5 million surprise gift is so cute
Kelsey lowkey looks like Alexandra Daddiro
What is this cringe ass editing
This is why cody is one of the best commentary channels he has interacted with multiple people that he has talked about like Dhar Mann, Matty smokes and the kombucha king and shown another side to the
you don’t even get how hard i was laughing when cody made the guy drop the egg😭like literally on repeat for 5 minutes
This was the real Dhar Mann video
my girlfriend made me watch his videos 😢
Half disappointed Cody didn’t cast himself as a BHARR MAN 🤣
When you die the real you( the spirit inside your body) either goes to Heaven or hell. Going to either path depends on if you accepted or you rejected Jesus Christ as the savior.  Heaven is a very good place with no sins, sorrows, crying, lust, greed; in other words there is no sin there and it’s full of joy.  Hell is very terrible and it’s very very hot, you can’t survive placing your hand on a hot stove for 10 seconds, don’t even think you will withstand burning there without being consumed, The thing here is you will be burned without being consumed in hell the same same way you boil a hard rock in water you will be there for eternity, Again after judgement you will be thrown in lake of fire forever. Matthew 13:50 (UKJV) “And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.”   So how to get salvation and be on your way to heaven?  First thing first; Believing at Jesus Christ does not involve worship of other gods(church leader&ancestors), object(hand bands,car stickers,trees e.t.c) Muhammad,buddha e.t.c. It's only believing at Christ as the perfect sacrifice for your sins. It's your choice but know that rejecting Jesus Christ will send you the wrong direction.  No works can save you, there is no physical thing you can do to get saved but you are only saved through faith at what Jesus Christ did for you as simple as that.  Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Believe and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and was buried but risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now, that way you will receive salvation and be on your way to heaven during rapture or after death.  After believing at Jesus Christ as the savior you must change your ways and try to stay away from bad works or sins as hard as possible, you must show that you are a new individual in Christ. e.g stopping fornication, getting drunk, homosexual acts, masturbation, pornography e.t.c.  As a human you will still fall at some sins of course as no human is perfect, but you must not swim in sin you must try your best to fight against sins and live a righteous life.  Also grow in the word; I suggest the following YouTube channels; Real bible believers, Robert Breaker and Pastor J.D Farag.
Besides this whole video, I love the fact that the merch is 100% real merch
dhar mann actually sounds really smart n seems like a good dude
dhar mann seems like a nice and humble person who has changed a lot of lives and possibly cody's? which is honestly touching? great? idk but i love that he's learned something from it and made a new friend. <3
Yet I am one of Dhar  Mann’s subscribers.AND I SAW THAT VIDEO YOU WERE IN! I LOVE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!
So bullshit it's not even dhar Man
We can tell this took an *incredible* amount of time to setup, record and edit. Great video man!
After everyone's last breath on earth, the soul (spirit) goes to a new place; that's either Heaven or Hell.  How is heaven? heaven is a very good place with no sins, sorrows, crying, lust, greed; in other words there is no sin there and it’s full of joy.  How is hell? Matthew 13:50 (UKJV) “And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.” Hell is very terrible and it’s very very hot, you can’t survive placing your hand on a hot stove for 10 seconds, don’t even think you will withstand burning there without being consumed, The thing here is you will be burned without being consumed in hell the same same way you boil a hard rock in water you will be there for eternity, Again after judgement you will be thrown in lake of fire forever.   Hell is a place of suffering from intense tormenting, so why choose to go there instead of going to Heaven?   Here is the steps you must read, understand and believe in order to be sure you will be on your way to Heaven.   Salvation Jesus said, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me" (John 14:6). He also said, "I am the door; if anyone enters through Me, he shall be saved" (John 10:9, NASB). Jesus is not only the way to heaven, he is also the door to heaven.  Realise you are a sinner; Isaiah 64:6 (UKJV) But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses(the quality of being morally right) are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.  Deserving hell for sins Realise that you deserve hell for your sins;  Romans 6:23 plainly states that the wages of sin is DEATH. In Genesis 2:17 God warned Adam and Eve that they would die THE DAY they ate of the forbidden fruit. They disobeyed God, but didn't DIE physically until hundreds of years later. Why? It's because they DIED SPIRITUALLY that awful day, and all mankind has been born spiritually dead since (Romans 5:12). Please understand that spiritual death and the second death are not the same. Every person who is not born again is ALREADY spiritually dead. The second death is Gehenna, i.e., the Lake of Fire (Revelation 20:11-15). All those who die in their sins, without being born again( that is believing that Jesus Christ got crucified and shed his blood for their sins, buried and rose again in the third day and alive now in heaven), will be arraigned, prosecuted, and sentenced at The Great White Throne of Judgment and then cast into the Lake of Fire forever.   Repent So repent, Repenting means: to change your mind; a sincere turning away, in heart, mind and action; Therefore God wants you to repent of sinful values and of sinful living. God wants you to decide to follow Him and to make Jesus the Lord of your life.  No other way  If you want to go to heaven, you've got to go through the door marked "Jesus Christ." There is no other entrance.  By no other entrance it means belief in gods, Buddha, Muhammad or other beings or objects cannot save you; But only belief in Jesus Christ our Lord can save you. No works can save you, there is no physical thing you can do to get saved but you are only saved through faith at what Jesus did for you as simple as that. Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Believe  All you need to do is to truly believe with your heart and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ suffered and got crucified and shed his blood for your sins at the cross, He was buried but rose again on the third day just to prove he was God and now alive in heaven. After that you will receive the holy spirit and you will know that you are going to heaven after death or when Jesus comes back while you are still alive.  After believing at Christ as the savior you must change your ways and try to stay away from bad works or sins as hard as possible, you must show that you are a new individual in Christ. e.g stopping fornication, getting drunk, homosexual acts, masturbation, pornography e.t.c.  As a human you will still fall at some sins of course as no human is perfect, but you must not swim in sin you must try your best to fight against sins and live a righteous life. Also grow in the word; I suggest the following YouTube channels; Real bible believers, Robert Breaker and Pastor J.D Farag.
wowee he is straight up a nice guy, this is such nice vibes
Wow never thought a Cody Ko video would make me cry
bro that was actually so good
Maybe the best Cody Ko video?
0:49 peep
How does Cody casually exist
this video is so wholesome
Darr man seems like he genuinely wants to help people it's actually very nice
Gordon: Are you gonna clean it?  Pooja: You pick it up if it bothers you
where is noel :(
#SouthDetroitPipeline
The video itself besides the actual dhar mahn video was a whole storyline 😆
I'm just waitin on the ultimate crossover where Cody and Noel team up with Dre Drexler, GT Dave, and Dhar Mann to battle it out with the Girl Defined sisters.
NO ONE :  . . . . . U YES YOU WHO READ THE COMMENT. I DON'T KNOW U, BUT READ THE NAME OF MY CHANNEL.
Lol nice!
Watching Cody and Kelsey interact makes me wonder why I can't find true love..
Hey, remember me from that one day we worked together years ago?? Yes!
It is awesome how Dharr Mann was cool about working with you despite the 2 videos you made about him and it’s really dope how the video turned out with you learning something :) great job!
"This spoonful of water is so flavorful!"
In a way, you could say that the video even changed YOUR life :)
oooh i need that outro song in my life
why is there so much sexual chemistry between Kevin and Jake?
I love the extra editing and effort put into this video, this really is the best thing you've made so far
this was kinda beautiful ngl
My boy be on DARMAN!!!!!!!!!! Edit) I think I spelled it wrong who really give’s a shit at this point
That ad at the end was fire. Take my money.
why is nobody talking about the little animation used to talk about the failed second sketch?? it was so cute!! i loved the little cartoon cody
oops i already quit my job. too late
The sketch you made literally just inspired me to stop going from one job to another when it gets tough. Everything is about patience and now I will use that everywhere I go. Thank you Cody
Right when I saw "Su Chef" I immediately went to the comments.  Couldn't find a roast, so consider this to be one.
So no ones gonna talk about the lil peep hell boy cover on the begging of the vid? ❤️
I swear Cody is a different shade and has a brighter hairline everytime I see him
me watching this eating a Big Mac peeping kelseys sweatshirt
ufo
Cody is gay chef #3
Loved the editing style
I freaking love tye die. Whyyy. I just finally bought Unnas Annus merch. I don’t have the funds for it but I need that blue it’s okay hoodie. Freaking college kid life. (I rlly should go job hunting...)
that’s so awesome cody! you guys did great
Ohh shit that was you dang
nice little humble video and all but dhar man is still goofy as hell. lmao
please more of these animations i laughed so hard at the car crash
I haven’t laughed this hard in a loooooong ass time, “I’m so sorry man” hahahahahah
Wait that video “Quit your job and travel forever” has a good lesson
this was beautiful.
I bet the first script was actually good but Dhar Mann was like nah shittier
THE SOUND OF THE EGG HITTING THE FLOOR- I CANT
I was waiting for him to be like lol sike watch me make another piece a shit for this idiot
Next video idea: a day in the life of a girl defined minister😂😂😂
lol so stupi0d
i need to know what kind of chair that is
YESSSS. YESSSSS. YESSSSSSSSSSS.
I looove this
cody your a f**king legend honestly hilarious and inspirational at the same time! Love your content man keep em going!!!!
Wait wtf 5 mil I remember when you had 300k lmao
This is the best commentary channell
This just made me so fucking happy!!!
Record Scratch, freeze frame
Cody it’s so nice to see you doing something so positive!!! Plus the message actually spoke to me! I recently quit my dream of going to medical school to become a nurse instead... at first I thought it was a downgrade, because during the first week we had to learn how to do “servant” things like change bedsheets... just like how that chef didn’t wanna clean his eggs. But I realized I had too many nursing stereotypes in my head, it’s a much more important profession than I though—plus with time I can work myself up to an NP... or DNP! :3 good job fam
A1 acting 👏👏
Honestly this was one of your best videos for sure!
Ffff  love the merch clip!!
This video is wholesome af I’ve been thinking the same thing about commentary videos that there needs to be some self awareness of the continual stream of criticism and break it up with some positive shit some collab shit (as per kelseys sweatershirt) I’m lovin it 🙌🏻
Bro you need a haircut. Still love your hair tho
When Cody was making the motion of frying eggs it just looked like a case of majorrr crotch itch hahah 😂
Writing was pretty good daddy ko but the execution was pretty underwhelming. I wish that it was less fakey.
The real MVP here is Kelsey.
WAKE UP! The Tribulations are coming very soon! Jesus will be returning near the end of the tribulations! Repent now! Turn away from your sins and follow Jesus Christ who died for your sins! All the world events have been prophesied, they have been predicted in the Bible and are happening right now! Storms, earthquakes, flooding, fires, locusts, asteroids, and rioting (lawlessness/sin). Many nations are going to form an alliance and attack Israel. There are going to be famines and tons of extreme destructive weather and sickness. The world is going to follow the New World Order in which everyone is united under one government and it will be an evil one. They will pretend to be peaceful and loving, but when the time comes they will tear the world apart and start killing everyone. "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. (Matthew 24:7 King James Version)" "And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven. (Luke 21:11 King James Version)" "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke (Joel 2:30 King James Version)" . You are all sinners, just like me! You are wicked and live in lies! Repent now or you will be thrown into the pit of fire! The wages of sin are death! "23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23 King James Version) Here is the good news! You can be saved, and taken out of the world before this time comes and be with Jesus Christ! "16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. (John 3:16 King James Version)" "15 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;  2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.  3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;  4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: (1 Corinthians 15:1-4 King James Version)" . ABC's of Salvation (How to be Saved): "9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. (Romans 10:9-10 King James Version)" Admit you're a sinner and that you need to be saved and forgiven, and that you can't enter into Heaven by your own works but by Jesus Christ. Believe in Jesus Christ truly with all your heart and that He died on the cross for your sins, and rose on the third day. Commit/Call to God with all of your heart, and pray to God. Ask for forgiveness and to be given the gift of salvation and to be sealed by the Holy Spirit. REPENT! . Then continue to walk in His light, and hold His hand and let Him guide you through life and protect you. No one can take you out of His hand. "28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.  29 My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.  30 I and my Father are one. (John 10:28-30 King James Version)" . "40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. (John 6:40 KJV)" . Thanks be to God forever and ever! Glory be to God forever and ever! God bless you! God bless President Trump! Amen.
Wait does Cody live in Jake Paul’s old house
Merch idea: sweatpants with "behind" on the back
I loved the animation you added in, this viddo was done really well
should have got tyler brash
This was a GREAT follow up on the Dhar Man series. This shows the thoughtful part of your comedy.
Honestly this was sooo good! Not to be mean but at least this video does not have that line that it always has “you see” or “well you see”
The way he walked away at the end 😭
am i the only one surprised dhar mann is actually chill as hell
What's with the editing? Seems as disingenuous as a Dar Mann video. Also his company Live Glam has scammed heaps of people so great...
WHEN DID CODY GET FRECKLES
Dhar Mann is dope dude!
This video is gonna be such a gem in a year or two
I mean. They couldn’t use like anything else but an egg for the second time he got fired, anything else.
bruh dhar mann is such a sweetheart aww
Love these kings 🙌
Cody’s becoming a softy
The fact that not only was he super nice and cool, but he also got you a gift for hitting 5 million? I have no choice but to stan
Cody is Spongebob trying to write his essay
Kelsey: "One lesson is patience is a virtue." Yoda: "... Really..."
i think we need some merch with "behind" on it and an egg
My mom was watching one of the dahar Mann vids and I was like Cody wouldn’t approve 😂😂😂
You should've pitched Mr struggle
one of my friends in facebook shared the video
The editing was prime in this vid. Cody finally got lessons lol? New editor?
This is one of my favorite new videos from Cody. It's nice seeing him talk to someone he did a previous video on. And to see the work that goes into different content.
LMAO blatant YMH copycat
ik Cody scoffs at comments like this and usually id comment some stupid joke but this was a really good video and really well done. it was weirdly refreshing to see Cody do a different type of video.
I need a relationship like theirs
r we not gonna abt how he was mad roasting dhar but now he friemds????
667'TH dislike i had too :o
Loved loved loved the change of pass in this video!!
Quarantine's got them acting all cute. That forehead kiss
Aww I love this 💙
I can see why Cody goes by “Ko” 8:20 💀
How did kody get that guy’s number tho.
i only watch cody these days to wait for his bro laugh
I cannot unhear Cody saying "you got the sauce" in THAT voice.
Moral of the story: You might become what u make fun of😂,  It was great, love u cody❤️
THIS IS SO COOOOL WTF
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy in quarantine  My dream is to have 1k. I been struggling to get there 🙏
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS TO HAPPEN
Cody bending over to the system, hate to see it. Great editing tho
Not to be an ass, but it is Sous* chef.
Dre drexler is in a manscaped video
This hair changes him from a Cody to a Duncan.
I love how cody ko makes friends with everyone he makes fun of
That outro edit tho!
Ayeee he listens to Lil Peep
fucking phenomenal work bro. been watching for years and i have to say this is some next level content.
I'm still watching, I hope your one line is DHAR MANNNNN
This hit different
Cody looks so friggin cute at the end of the video ahahahahha hes like :)
when kelsey kissed cody on the head!! 🥺🥺 that was soo adorable!! 😭😭
I love this whole video so much! So wholesome and what we need. Also, I love Kelsey being the positive support here. Beind every great man... but in this case she was right beside you. Love you two!
cody your hair looks so sexy like that
Cody would be a really good voice actor
the narration sounds like Remy at that end of ratatouille
I genuinely enjoyed the sketch, it was so sweet :D - and this video was made greatly as well! I think it's dope that Dhar Mann and his team were so down to collab and make something together with Cody - before watching their process, I didn't know that there was so much thought and consideration put into all their videos. As a viewer, this is very humbling and makes me appreciate the prodction aspect of things a whole lot more. And props to Cody for being so open-minded throughout this whole experience. Would love more videos like this :)
cody this was genuinely so good, this whole project and your own meaning behind and it was all put together perfectly, you are a King 💞
that guy "gordon" seriously belongs in hollywood his acting is so on point
It’s cool how Cody makes friends with all the people he makes fun of
Kelsey and him are so cute haha the same reactions
react to classically abby!!!!!!!!
i love this bro omg
Like the positive vibe
this was refreshingly good.
good to see the elder generation getting along!
The sound the egg makes when it slaps the ground
First G T Dave and Matty Smokes. Now Dahr Mann. Next collab is going to be with Girl Defined.
this made me so happyyyyyyyyy. loved
4:46 sorry did that say "su chef"? It’s "sous chef". I thought this dude was Canadian
That little kiss she gave him after they saw him act his first line BROKE ME. They’re so cute I want this
the absolute chaos of Untitled 2
this editing has creatyler vibes
food wars looks different here
This is an awesome change of pace for Cody. Very proud of you dude.
Next do a collab with Girl Defined
This is the reason your channel is amazing. From Lopez to GT Dave, it's always amazing you go and see the other side. Keep it up my guy
I didn't know this was the content i needed but here it is. Cody Ko at it again.
I love how at the end even Dhar Mann is poking fun at how he is overly dramatic
we need to acknowledge that KELSEY suggested "patience is a virtue". queen.
why am i crying
Ew you have a mac
can i marry ur girlfriend
Are you proud of yourself Cody?😭
Cody’s little narration during this video reminded me of Remy from Ratatouille and I think that’s FUCKING HILARIOUS
You watch Spencer Barton? This video was edited just like his 😳
“SU CHEF” lolol Cody it’s sous
I know im pms because I started crying when he said dharr Mann surprised him w a 5m gift😪
Immature
Cody's always making fun of people but ends up hanging out with them
Dahr Mann is literally the sweetest what
Had a smile on my face the entire video. Loved it
This is like the coolest video you have done
Can Jake get it together and stop dropping the damn eggs
kelsey roasted his ass lmao
David Dobrik has a show on tv called dodge ball thunderdome. Think I would be funny to see Cody react to it
I can’t take Cody seriously in the sketch
Nice Cody watches YMH
kelsey and cody 🥺🥺
Best part of the video is Cody's feet not reaching the floor at 8:45
What a crossover episode
Dahr Man videos are like inspirational porn. Not the best acting or crazy art behind it. But it easily digestible.
IM GENUINELY SO PROUD OF YOU. In some of your previous videos you seemed like you were in a slump. Now you’re working with darman, you’re gonna be on h3 podcast, you’re giving it your all. Thank you!
So... are you doing a collab with the Girl Defined girls now??
This was so funny yet so uncomfortable to watch 😂
Cody’s faces in his last scene had me old dad laughing
She hates it bro
Cody looks like a much younger and Canadian Dan Aykroyd.
vid didnt come fast enough, i quit my job last week 😂
Watch my channel for the most random why ever and ofc a  laugh 😂😂
Can y’all go check out my last 2 videos and like comment and subscribe ! &  share your feedback ! New fishing channel hoping to blow up one day ! 🎣u
Can’t tell if Cody actually wanted to be in this and make one or did it all for the meme.
Neoliberalism.
Is Cody about to do a “My Name Is Earl” for all the past people he roasted in his videos??? Hmmmmmm...
Somehow this just feels adorable all the way through!
Don't be stingy Mark.
why does the narration make this feel like an episode of catfish
Dude Dahr really does seem like such a genuinely nice dude. Like the outro was wholesome AF lol. And just the fact that he was willing to even work with you after you made two whole videos making fun of him and painting him out to be a joke. Really teaches you not to judge a book by its cover. Or should I say,   to not judge a video by its thumbnail.  *CROWD GOES CRAZY*
wait can we just admire how well produced this video is? like wow. Good job cody :)
https://youtu.be/m12Trzr1vrI
They know nothing about kitchens lmao
Where’s Noel
i loved the animation included in this vid
One of the best Cody videos
Dhar Mann: that’s why we use basic English!   Nobody:    Kevin: “I’m trying to get this BREAD!!!”
The editing in this is crazy good wtf cody stepped up his game YET AGAIN
Thanks for the motivation Cody Kooks. Truly inspiring and moving. Keep kooking up that golden content Chef Boyarkodee
Dude I totally respect those videos even more now, it made me realize that sometimes all you need is a simple sign and those videos might be all everyone needs to better themselves. Or change what might be wrong.
This was amazing
Okay now collab with girl defined
11:05 is that water? how did my man make that water taste better?
I like her hoodie
im losing my marbles over "su chef"
Not the “su” chef 💀💀💀💀
This. This is too good. This might be my new favorite Cody Ko video, to have the humor mixed with the shift of Cody’s viewpoint towards Dhar Mann and his own way of making content, easily better than any That’s Cringe in my book.
Man Cody is getting soft
kelsey: you fools this is all part of my plan
Hey Cody you got the same refrigerator as me
The editing on this video is noticeably different and better imo
Imma bite my tongue imma bite my tongue imma bite my tongue imma bite my tongue
That was sick. Dhar man!
the peak of cody's redemption arc
su chef
Dhar Mann added, ' I'm so sorry, Mann' as Cody's dialogue. 400IQ
snapchat medications2019 Who does the Big Boys come to when they need Gas,the Truth,the Dosey Doe-jah,or the Chi-Town Gun Smoke,,,,,???? Who is the Truested Source with over 247 Licensed Cannabis Farm Network all over  providing never ending supplies of Product to our valued clients….?? Who does every major player trust to do solid and reliable professional business that only few other growers can do….??? Who is the souce that has that it all,from flowers,to oil,to shatters,waxes, and all thing in between…?? Everyone knows it can only be me….. “THE BUDDLER”….That is Who- And we now bettter and ever Celebrating 16 years in the Induestry!!!! If you have got Cash,we have got the Product.For all your Cannabis Related Needs”look no further”just pick up the phone and conhtact THE BUDDLER. CALL NOW!!! 1-424-TRY BUDD………That is 1-424-243-7822 Emaile.  Plugdave56@gmail.com           snapchat medications2019 THE BUDDLER only deals with professionals who do professional business do dont bother calling us with sad stories,asking for”front” or any other non-sense that you think we have not seen or heard in all out year of doing business.. We can start small build in trust and start moving boxes the BUDDLER is back!!! We look forward to another prosperous years of serving you!!! Delivery,Meetup and ~~~~~~~~ Avaliable to all Clients. Call or Text 1-424-243-7822. snapchat medications2019
Am I the only one that doesn't like that they made this even though we are going through COVID-19. It sets a bad example for his viewers. He could bring Corona virus to Kelsey.
I loved this concept it was so cool!
waiting on the girl defined collab
Why would you make fun of his shows, that's what you get damn  butt, your stupid  he already gots one like what that girl just said yall are so something wrong with yall may God bless both
This is a really cool video! :)
Omg lil peep hehe
This is the content I needed, thank you Cody 🙏🏻
Good to see my boy back on the trending page
0:49 peep fuck yea
Kelsey just wanders in with a Mickey Dee’s shirt
If you can see this comment, go check out The Real Bros of Simi Valley. Funniest shit I’ve ever seen and Cody’s character is hilarious
shook
Su Chef I'm DEAD
I've never thought that Cody's videos were lacking in editing quality but somehow this one feels like the editing is somehow... slicker. Idk, maybe I'm imagining it.  Either way, this was very wholesome indeed.
Next video idea: I read the Bible with Bethany and the other one.  😂
Alternate title:  Man makes fun of youtuber, What happens next will shock you
nobodys talking about how dope that merch drop was
the head chef being named gordon.... someone on that writing crew be having galaxy brain
Dhar man a legend
Dhar mans surprise  was better than Jake Paul’s surprise.
so much respect for anyone that get’s a video made about them by Cody and then actually sees it for what it was and exchanges experience and builds a bridge 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 so heartwarming to see everytime
Lol the chef’s name is Gordon
amazing video
Darr man actually seems like a really chill dude
Yo Dhar Mann is such a fucking legend
DHAR MANN is a good fucking dude. I subbed to him.
It would be so meta, if you would have made a Dhar Man video about a youtuber cyber-bullying another youtuber who then has to do the same thing and realizes how hard it is... :D
Dahr Mann is a CHAD
That dude is about to make twice the amount of money for half the work by becoming a server. He came up for sure
su chef
I’m only halfway through and Ive been on edge the whole time lol . I’m glad Cody inserted his reaction in this video rather than keep us waiting for the next one .
this is my fav Cody Ko video
Brought a tear to my eye
Cody what the FUCK I don’t come on your channel for you to make me CRY for real so happy and cute :,)
Omg Kelsey is the most supportive girlfriend ever and im jealous af
Once i watched a couple of dhar mann videos on Facebook for no reason n then the next day i had 5 friend requests from people pretending to be dhar mann🙃
This was really good Cody. Love it.
LOL YES THIS COLLAB IS A DREAM
4:14 wtf is this😂
I need an inspirational message to stop being lazy and not do my hw last minute and actually get my shit together, be organized and do my hw in time. The consequences can be dramatic like kidnappers have a gun to my head and are telling me to do my hw or they'll kill me lol let me know when its ready :p
we fricking love kelsey dud
“hey man!  what’s up? how are you?”  Cody is Vaughn from Community.
Y’all did NOT name the head chef Gordon 💀
Dharr Man is dope
Super Kelsey to Cody's rescue haha And awe my favorite parts are when Kelsey comes in and just is super supportive and encouraging it's so sweet
This video was so pure omfg
Cody needs too get with YMH please👏🏻
Wow we love wholesome content 10/10
dhar mann lowkey genius 😳
alternate title: cody gets his shit rocked trying to do dhar mann’s job
this is SOOOOOOOO WHOLESOME
this is great content
Cody: *Trying to figure out what to write* Cody: The Cody: "All done"
11:07 its a fucking spoon of water
Youtuber Makes Fun of Inspirational Video Producer, What he Does Next Will Shock You
My sister just sent me that video via messenger.........
I like how you named the head chef “ Gordon.”
oof codys sketch doesnt pass the bechdel test.... tut tut
if cody's voice was a little higher he would look like every senior hockey boy at my hs
Bruh cody you really just called him up and said shit before you had shit to sAY, U didnt even have AN idea oML
8:27 CODY’S ARM BUMP THING BAHAHAHAHA
Spoiler Alert: Kelsey is Satoshi Nakamoto
I 100% believe Kelsy was the puppet master here
this is so eye opening, i highkey love what dharr mann does now lol
Cody is a legend man. One of the best content creators ✌️
And Oscar goes tooooo     Sorry Cody it's not you
Proud of my dude Cody Cook💘
Anyone else literally squealing at Kelsey finding Cody cute in the video??? And planting that kiss on his forehead??? She looks soo proud!! God bless them 😍😍😘😘
i rlly wanna but merch but it’s soo expensive :///
I can never take him seriously LOL
Ok but I kinda wanted to see the sketch with the fake friends doe
https://youtu.be/qcJlFnA5C78
the head chefs name is gordon (ramsay) bahahaha
This is cody’s magnum opus
La Rosa De Guadalupe vibes
Not going to lie, when i saw this drop i didn't watch it because you weren't tearing into his skits but after watching this video till the end , i can say 100% this is one of my favorite videos.
5 million?! I was here since <200,000
Dude idk if im just hormonal but I cried at the end 😆 yall need to help me
i’m 1 min in and i already love this style of video cody
Nice bro
last year cody would've nevvvvver thought
1: his video always look the same                  2: toxic messages are often spread in his video                                                                  3: women wanting success and money is always a big deal and it’s kinda sexist to be honest                                                       4: he can do the same video repetitively just by using the  opposite gender                5: some like and comments on his video are delete because they tell the truth about how trash and awkward some people feel about the mechanic and the message
I don’t know if you knew this but Dharma is the name for a Buddhist lesson or story. So him being called Dharman is a play on that. Most of these stories have Buddhist principles to them.
Am I the only one who can’t stop thinking about Laura ? like from liveglam? No just me okay bet
no one: Cody: sexy ass cloth costume
the fact that dhar mann writes his scripts so everyone can understand his videos not just people who speak English is so considerate we stan
Can you add more ads please
Okay I love this so much
U YES YOU WHO READ THIS COMMENT. I DON'T KNOW U, BUT I PRAY 4 YOU 2 FIND PEACE AND JOY IN YOUR LIFE
Am I the only one that noticed that the character names in the script at 08:15 are Jake and Paul???
Cody has the same sad face as the tattoo artist 😂 hahaha
Dude I'm new to your channel and really fucks with it you're really jokes and love your content please posting more and yea you're just sick 😂🔥 take care
Cody is friends with everybody
The video was cringy . Cody has become the one thing he swore to destroy
I've never seen your tear downs of Dhar's videos, but I've seen the videos Dhar makes on Facebook and thought the same thing, how cheesy they are. This made me realize he's got a big team doing hard work, and he's speaking to a huge audience with a positive and uplifting message, which is something we need more of in this world. Thank you, Cody! And thanks to Dahr and his team!!
"Take 26" dang son.
Cody Ko: I've learned a lesson with this video  Also Cody Ko: 19:56
Ohhh I’ve seen that video the one you were in already
Kelsey is pregnant. No? Ok.
Imagine disliking a  collab between a dope link of minds.
cody was so invested while watching that its actually amazing
Before I watch the video: Was the idea the video dhar Mann just uploaded 18 hours ago?
This is so fucking wholesome and made me so happy
What does the backsides of the it's okay hoodies look like? Any prints or text or just the same colors?
cody i love u so much so proud of u <333333
That was super wholesome
Nobody:  Cody: SU CHEF
Hmmm I don't know man, Cody seems like a mister struggle doing this sketch.
Why was this so good 😂
Nobody:  Gordon when Kevin wants to make eggs: N̸̩̜̥̦̹̦̻̗̱̮̳̦̘̼̮̰̬̖̫̍̈̓̍͑̕̚͝Ō̴̡̡̧̧̟͕̟̼̹̗̻͓͈̙̪̱̓ͅ
dhar mann just kinda seems like the nicest person ever
ok but now that this is happening, can we get a conversation with girl defined?
HE NAMED THE HEAD CHEF GORDON IM SCREAMING
I actually loved this so much. I never thought about how Dhar Mann's audience spans around the universe and the content needs to be understandable for everyone. This was really dope Cody
now i’m waiting for the girl defined collab
After watching this video, my boyfriend now knows he shouldn’t cook his eggs at high heat
This was so hilalrious lmao, "behind", "I'm sorry man" hahahahh. Oh gosh 😂
love that kelsey is always the one dropping knowledge, but also love that cody learns the reason behind dhar mann's otherwise exaggerated videos is so that they accommodate a wider audience. inclusivity AND lesson learning?! WE LOVE THE WHOLESOME CONTENT
Dhar Man X Cody Ko collab  🥰🥰
does anyone else just smile when you see  dhar mann's smile or am i alone with this.
WHO IS HUSSAIN? LET'S KNOW HIM... https://youtu.be/eEKWFox-Sas
Cody Cook meets DHARRR MANNNNN
Haha love it. I realized I need more patience 😰
That video quality,  damn.
This video changed my life, thanks Cody! 👍🙏🏼
When I Watch This, I Really Surprised. 🤭🤭🤭
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine    My dream is to have 10k. I been struggling to get there!!💙🙏
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine    My dream is to have 10k. I been struggling to get there!!💙🙏
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine    My dream is to have 10k. I been struggling to get there!!💙🙏
LMAO “are you moving or...”
dude said "su chef" in his screenplay hahahaha
Jesus Christ  is coming back. He loves you dearly and calls for you to come back home to Him.  that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved.  He calls for repentance and belief in the Gospel. It’s time to fully surrender to Christ. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.
I thought Kelsey was going to say "patience is a virtue. Just like I've been patient for that ring"
I love Dhar Man . Hey guys it’s dhar man
Aww, this is so good. I smiled the whole time I watched this 🥺🥺
why does Cody look like lord Farquaad?
Bro that’s crazy😳
jake looks like a big noel
Dhar Mann is actually a really chill dude
a new subseries called Cody Kooks and he has Julien as a guest star 🥺
Yeah Cody killed it he killed the egg 😭😭
Give my man CODY A MF GRAMMY
You should do a collab with the button guys
Is it me or does Jake sound like Noel?
he really named the head chef gordon lmao
Cody staring blankly at his document not knowing what to write reminds me of spongebob spending an entire day writing the word “the” on his essay idk
Best new merch clip I’ve seen in my whole life!!!! I rewatched that part almost 8 times.
Cody looked like that tatto guy from that one video
I miss noel😢
i had chills when he said "you're looking at him" crazy
Cody cook
that made my day, holy shit i never smiled for 20 min straight
16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. John 3:16-18  Have a fantastic day.
Now we need Noel to react to it
I just have so much appreciation for Kelsey. Love the dynamic between you guys and it always makes me so happy to see her in your videos.
Kelsey is just an oracle stuck in a cute American girlfriend body
the way he was looking to the side and was like "oh" when cody said hi lmaoooooo
Kelsey playing her cards RIGHT
0:49 I love that lil peep song
Hold up the 5mil surprise was so kind. Wtf
Dhar man's smile gives me happiness and joy😪
ymh need to see this! <33
the egg: im about to end this mans whole career
Cody you nailed it 😂😂😂
the fact that Dhar Mann actually knows screenwriting fundamentals is truly inspiring in its own right
I work as a chef and the way the new cook talks to the exec makes me so nervous, irl he’d get a pan thrown at his head and verbally ripped a new asshole. Also chefs are the most impatient people I’ve ever met (including myself).
Look at cody man, so inspirational
I love this video so much
3:24 is me trying to do any sort of essay writing
peep lil peep 🤝
no one: literally no one: cody: “im conditioned to that dopamine cycle now”
bruh imagine how awkward it was big respect to everyone involved
For the Patience merch, he should have released it next year so we would have to wait
The first 10 seconds made me like this video... DHAR MAN!!!!!!!
Seems like a pretty cool guy honestly
I don’t like tan line Cody, he scares me
THE EGGS FALLING ON THE FLOOR
When her friend visits her in the animation 😂
The way Kelsey read the fuck out of him *literal chef kiss*
Cody: Whats up bro? Dear Mann: Whats up bro? Cody: How's it going man? Dear Mann: Whats up bro?  QUALITY CONTENTTTTTTT
I would call this a W
https://youtu.be/fbqZC6HR8y0
I've always been a fan of Dhar Mann, this was very enjoyable too haha, keep up with the good work
“What up man” “Hey what’s up” “Hey man what’s up” “Hey how are ya man”
Is Dhar Man just an alter of fousey tube
Love to see collaboration with other creators, friends or other.
omg! THAT WAS YOU THAT wrote that!!?? I loved that skit!!!
Enemies to lovers
ok but why is this video actually inspirational
Always love when Cody collabs with people he dropped shit on
That’s crazy I envisioned Dhar Mann to be a huge douche
this has turned into my name is earl..
i love how much he learned from going on this journey they product was pretty amazing for the audiences they were describing
why did he walk in with a mask just to take it off & no one has masks after that ..? oh yeah bc covid-19 is a virus that only those with compromised health can get & the tests which say people without underlying health issues are lying about them having covid-19. the media is lying about how contagious it is & controlling the cdc & the who.
I really liked this video, you should do one with those two Christian girls next
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain   No joke though great video, love what you’re doing
why did cody ko have lil peep playlists being recommended to him
JFHSJZNNZJZNX I FREAKING LOVE THIS
Cody’s studio is so small I really thought it was ginormous
This is just my recommendation, but you and Noel should do a song with BigKlit. It would work.
I love how Kelsey looks like she just got out of bed in almost all the vids ❤️❤️❤️😂
The plot is the actual plot of this video lol
DHAAAAAAR MANN
Not even trying to be rude, but dawg I think you puttin on a few pounds
Omggg the amount of cars in the studio is crazy like omggg this man is affording everything for his inspirational videos
you forgot the "you see..."
You said he recorded how he gave you the 5 mil present, where can I find that video?
I like how they only know how to cook eggs
Damn Cody! This video was awesome man. Respect for both you and Dhar Mann, because this shit wan't easy! Love to see you two differently as well. Keep up the good work.
Oh Lord, kelsi makes my pant tightttttt
Cody doesn't even need to pay for acting classes anymore. it's great
https://youtu.be/flvbWaszN0c
Great
Such a good good video, props man you really got it
I think this is one of the best videos Cody's ever made. The editing style and format of the video is incredibly well done. Also the added animations were a really cool touch. Not to mention the development of the Dhar Mann relationship.
Just because it's hard to do something doesn't make it good or not bad. It's not like he's being forced to make sketches like that, he makes subpar/bad content for a lot of money.
*YOUVE BECOME THE VERY THING YOU SWORE TO DESTROY, YOURE MENT TO DESTROY THE DHAR MAN NOT JOIN THEM, BRING BALANCE TO THE YOUTUBE NOT LEAVE ITVIN DHAR-KNESS*
Damn bro love the vid and merch
I need a video of dhar man and the kumbucha guy roasting a Cody video
I wish I had the social confidence like Cody
11:54 “did I kill it?!” “yea, you did” *forehead kiss* this might be the cutest interaction I’ve ever seen between two people 😩
kelsey is so supportive 🥺🥺🥺 i
not sous chef being written as su chef cody 💀💀
I am Vietnamese, I just started this channel, I hope to receive everyone's help. Thank you channel owner and everyone
https://youtu.be/bSZNf87J-10
https://youtu.be/bSZNf87J-10
Is this whole video the actual Dhar man video about Cody learning a lesson if so its the most unreal meta thing. I've learnt so much.
7:51 I think in this moment we can say goodbye to that’s cringe and that’s not a bad thing hey if he is moving to making new content then good for him but we gotta see more Noel in this channel 👍🏼
12:00 I loveeeee how Kelsey kisses Cody’s forehead and consoles him bc he’s feeling self conscious about his part. So precious 💕
I really enjoyed everything about this content. Comedic and heartfelt.
Next time you gotta figure out what goes into making a scary drone video
Cody went from looking like Billy from stranger things to Jim for the office
4:54 there was an ad so the line was, Stop yelling at me okay!? "LET'S PLAY RAID SHADOW LEGENDS"
This is cool dude.  Fun to see the other side of the coin.  Keep up the great work and stay safe.
How did Noel not make an appearance, come on man
YALL THE WAY I THOUGHT THIS WAS LEVI BERNHARDT
"What's up man" "It's good man"  "That's awesome man, how you been bro" "I've been good bro, wbu"  "Good bro"  Dude the intro phone calls of Cody😂
Aye i see you listening to peep cody 👀
🖕🖕
“Su chef” is my favorite part of the video
HOW TO BE SAVED :  1. Admit that you are a sinner. 2. Turn away from sin. (Repent) 3. Believe that Jesus Christ (Yahusha) died for you, was buried and rose from the dead. 4. Through prayer, invite Jesus into your heart to become your Saviour.  God the Father , the Son and Holy Spirit = The same God, only one, one trinity .  Read the Bible. Amen.
0:48 CODY LISTENS TO PEEP YESSSS
i cant WAIT for noel to react to the sketches
Cody should get a mullet
Even Dhar Mann roasts the mess in his room
I’m tripping mad heavy on mushrooms atm, but love the vid and the message man! Keep the positive vibes dude.  Edit: that new merch bit at the end was sick during this trip. Thanks 🙏🏼
Dhar mann is the forbidden Noel
Anyone notice how dhar man just dhar maned cody and this is a dhar man video in a dhar man video
I asked my mom deadass if she liked Dhar Mann, she said no. She called him annoying. She's a boomer on Facebook.
Okay good vid and all... but we talk about how the new merch is just cool shit I'd wear regardless of it's tie to Cody?
WTF This was both hilarious and inspirING AHHH AHHAHAHAHHAHAHHA im crying
Soemhow I think this was my favorite video you've ever made. Not really sure why. I think maybe it's because you seemed so geniune and showed that you can be humbled gracefully. That in itself can be a lesson for people.
Lmao. The guy is complaining about frying an egg.
You guys clearly don't understand jake. His dad would make eggs for dinner and drop them in purpose at the floor, making jake clean it and make his own eggs.  Everytime an egg falls, jake's heart suffers...
Kinda sad I missed this upload
Cody: "I can relate to that because patience is not something that I have."  Kelsey: "Right!" You ain't telling me nothing I don't know! 😂😂
No one: Cody:✌hi
i am so proud this was super cool of you
Dhar Mann sucks. 🤣🤣🤣
https://youtu.be/6PrcXNXI1eo hope you guys enjoy my recent
Jake = Paul Gordon = Ramsey Kevin = MacLeod Dhar = Mann Cody = Kook
egg
9:52 gotta say it... beautifully done Kelsey, really hit that high note.
i had the biggest grin on my face literally the entire fucking video nd now my face aches
I am 8yrs old and I LOVE dhar mann's videos and my mom loves me for watching inspiring stories and it has helped me with depression so yeah
the chef's name is gordon skdfjhsdfkj
I t see  red ooooo
This video was a wholesomeness overload
Cody you have such an big audience of followers I am one of your many followers. I would love to see you make some videos on some of the poor poorer countries..
I already built an Instagram Tool with many features because I want to help Business Owner.
Best things come in threes
All jokes aside, but the fact that cody really went ahead and sat with a team full of the same people whom made stuff he made fun of before is pretty incredible in my opinion and really shows that he does put into work. It’s incredible if you ask me.
Cody wtf I just cried a whole river
Cody really has to put a ring on kelsey  man such a supportive gf I hope they keep on being happy
The amount of WORK that went into this video is insane
This is a great collab cody co and dhar man..
Cody answers call: hey what’s up man  dahr mann: what’s up  Cody: yeh bro what’s up Mann: Bro u Good Cody: what’s up man  Mann: ye what’s up
Why did this make me tear up lol
We love when people have a sense of humor and make a video with Cody after he makes a video of them
please make when cody says sorry a meme
update yr profile pic
Guys I’m really trying to grow my channel to 100 subs please help me out let’s all support each other and all grow together on this platform 😁❤️👍
https://youtu.be/3fSlGG_qnzs Do watch this amazing song, one of the best song 2020
DONT BE PATIENT MAKE US VIDEOS
wholesome content 101
Sous, not su.
8:27 yes
Do a bible read with girl defind next
This was such a positive video. Also I am part of the audience whose first language isn’t English
bruh
lil peep - about u, you okay cody?
Girl defined only wishes they could do something this pure
This was genuinely a wholesome video in the end and I wasn’t expecting it😂
I like the outro song
i'm disapointed you didn't make "behind" merch
2 chefs total at a restaurant that’s wild yo
I love that the main character looks like a young Stephen King 😄
That was a great vid thank you cody
Ok I need a that's cringe episode on the sketch tho
It was the "su chef" for me 😂
This was so wholesome 🥰 changing lives!
Bro.. I think you accidentally put a video between your ads
worth the wait. sentimental comedy is an ideal place for you. also merch plug at the end? marketing king
does anyone know where i can find the jumper kelsye's wearing or something similar? I love it so much but i can't find it anywhere ):
Is no one going to talk about the "su chef" in the drafts?
Cody is looking extra Cody these days
*CODY MAANNNN*
Moral of the story: Dhar Mann is the man
Weird things is, I just checked and found out I already watched this film, and I didn't think anything of it, because it's so similar to Dhar's films! I loved it 😂😊
cody kook
omg 🥺🥺 he got you a gift i- 🥺🥺🥺
WHOLESOME KODY KO?!?!?!??!!
this is like when the protagonist realizes the bad guy isn’t the bad guy the whole time and actually had an ulterior good motive behind his evil seeming actions. Itachi and Naruto vibes low key
Next video: Making an even more *epic* mornig routine with Dre Drexler!
You know the video is good when the top comments aren’t “Cody is old” jokes.
This was Great, two sides of every story.
when I saw the video on my fb page before this 🥳
seeing cody happy and not ripping on homies is weird
i feel like other creators that reach out and collab with people they've made fun of in videos force their chemistry and the video just comes out really awkward (shane dawson and bobby burns for example) but cody seems to genuinely respect dhar mann and wanted to do this to show his appreciation for how difficult what he does really is
Cody ko? More like...Cooky Bro
From the obvious love from your girlfriend that we can witness on-screen to your character development and Dhar Mann being a great guy, everything is so wholesome in this video. It's pretty great.
CODY LISTENS TO PEEP
Great vid Cody!
they shoulda gave him a job as a bus boi
Kelsey just said that cody is MR.STRUGGLE?!?!
Someone get this sk8er a boi
0:50 cody has been bumpin lil peep !!
Dude the MORE I watch this video.. MARRY THIS THIS CHICK! Holy shit! When she called you out for “making fun of shit, before you try it..” then you laugh.. cause they way she did it was SO CONSTRUCTIVE. I love her and love you guys. Also, I’m a straight white male I just read that back and I sounded like super flamboyant
This is the best Cody ko video ever. I’m saying it. Almost cried
I didn’t think he’d take it this far
I fucking LOVE the moment she give her idea and he claps and she smiles so big. THATS A RELTATIONSHIP people! (Also, blue ass water)
How do you become a server to a cook? Have you ever watched ratatouille
https://youtu.be/mKlFhT9AFVA
This gives me rosa de Guadalupe vibes
Man took so much time with cooking the eggs that Jake got a new job by the time it was ready
That was frictionless
This is so wholesome ❤❤
He's nice in real life as well?      Alright this is some kind of miracle.
also cody lookin kinda good with the majestic hair
cant wait to see girl defined reaching out to cody
sponsored by Dhar Mann
Cody, why do you look younger lately?
"su chef" its sous cody
This is one of your best videos ever
https://youtu.be/mKlFhT9AFVA
Man. Dhar Maan don't seem so bad no more. This is actually good. Boutta put my depressed Bart profile pic
"su chef"
imagine he made a sketch about himself, “Boy makes fun of things but tries it for himself and struggles”
All I can think is how having Jake say that he's impatient to get bread will make some people who speak English as a second language think "But... You were cooking eggs." xD
I came here to shit on share man but now that we are the work behind it I gotta say this is still sappy shit
You know this video was good all the way around every video Cody makes but when he makes merch it’s dope asf but sucks I can’t get it lmao but either way Cody keep it all up my broski
0:08 cringe dhAR 2/10
i now stan dhar mann i hope he has a wonderful day
This cured my depression
of course dahr man is a circle back guy
Looks like Dhar Mann has been hanging out with matty smokes.
not cody spelling sous chef as "su chef"
Dhar Mann videos get instant milly views
As Master Yoda said, *"Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. Patience you must have, my young padawan."*
Maybe let’s not praise Dahr man or whatever for giving Cody a gift or being nice. It’s all a publicity stunt. He stole 40 thousand dollars from the city of Oakland. He’s not a good guy.
Aw Dhar Mann is such a genuinely cool person i get such positive vibes from him <3
Me: *hearing bad words and I am 8 years old*  Also me:  *keeps watching*
that Merch promo too lit
Petition to make noel roast the absolute fuck outta this video on the next edition of DHARR MAAN.
su chef
now i'm scared to walk near people cooking eggs
i know y’all see lil peep
Ngl, kinda teared up haha
I saw that I watched almost all of this video blackout drunk last night and I vaguely remembered watching it and THOROUGHLY enjoying myself so I mentally saved it to watch another time and I'm watching it now drunk but less drunk than yesterday and I'm very pleased
Nice vid Cody cook👨‍🍳
man
Cody get forehead kiss 🥺
Your a legend mate. First of all... I love that you made fun of Dhar Mann and I thought those videos were incredible... but to see you transcend your previous view points and embrace something new is really inspirational...   top motivational channel right here...🔥  also... Kelsey on point in the background with all the life lessons...👌
The merch is fire! Also a banger of a video dude this was pretty fucking cool
Cody’s production quality has really gone up
WAKE UP! The Tribulations are coming very soon! Jesus will be returning near the end of the tribulations! Repent now! Turn away from your sins and follow Jesus Christ who died for your sins! All the world events have been prophesied, they have been predicted in the Bible and are happening right now! Storms, earthquakes, flooding, fires, locusts, asteroids, and rioting (lawlessness/sin). Many nations are going to form an alliance and attack Israel. There are going to be famines and tons of extreme destructive weather and sickness. The world is going to follow the New World Order in which everyone is united under one government and it will be an evil one. They will pretend to be peaceful and loving, but when the time comes they will tear the world apart and start killing everyone. "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. (Matthew 24:7 King James Version)" "And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven. (Luke 21:11 King James Version)" "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke (Joel 2:30 King James Version)" . You are all sinners, just like me! You are wicked and live in lies! Repent now or you will be thrown into the pit of fire! The wages of sin are death! "23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23 King James Version) Here is the good news! You can be saved, and taken out of the world before this time comes and be with Jesus Christ! "16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. (John 3:16 King James Version)" "15 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;  2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.  3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;  4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: (1 Corinthians 15:1-4 King James Version)" . ABC's of Salvation (How to be Saved): "9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. (Romans 10:9-10 King James Version)" Admit you're a sinner and that you need to be saved and forgiven, and that you can't enter into Heaven by your own works but by Jesus Christ. Believe in Jesus Christ truly with all your heart and that He died on the cross for your sins, and rose on the third day. Commit/Call to God with all of your heart, and pray to God. Ask for forgiveness and to be given the gift of salvation and to be sealed by the Holy Spirit. REPENT! . Then continue to walk in His light, and hold His hand and let Him guide you through life and protect you. No one can take you out of His hand. "28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.  29 My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.  30 I and my Father are one. (John 10:28-30 King James Version)" . "40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. (John 6:40 King James Version)" . Thanks be to God forever and ever! Glory be to God forever and ever! God bless you! Amen.
We NEED “BEHIND” merch
just realized i was smiling the whole video
Kelsey definitely orchestrated it all. Also, I love how positive the comments are on this video
most ambitious crossover of all time
kels is wisdom personified
This was so wholesome!! I loved the lesson, the video, how sweet Dhar Mann was with the 5 Mil gift and how kelsey was so supportive, love it
Why does the genuinely make me so happy
You could have pulled a Seinfeld and written it about yourself and the process of making this video and making friends with the Dhar Man
why is no one talking about how cody looks like an eboy
i was watching with intensity until “cody’s the new chef here” AHAGAHAG I EXPECTED HIM TO BE LIKE “yeah THATS RIGHT BITCH”
7:17 why did i laugh at that so hard
brilliant
this is iconic
making fun of Kombucha King, he turns out to be a nice guy. making fun of Dhar Mann, he turns out to be a nice guy as well.  so...does it mean that people who easily get offended are assholes? pretty possible
DHAR MANNNNNNNNNNNNNNN LETS GOOOOOOO WOOOOOOO DHAR MANNNNNED
The inspirational story of the summer
Pt 2. jake assassinates kevin and frames cody, then becomes head chef by default.
*cody and dhar man join call*   EEHHHH WHATS UP BROO
This is the proper response to a video that makes jokes on yours. It’s free publicity.
If you weren’t in that I’d have no idea he didn’t write it. It honestly seems like just another one of his videos. Touché
noel needs to react to this
The greatest video you have ever made.
I was about this👌🏻close to spitting out my water when Cody stepped into scene as the sous chef. Truly inspiring.
This is actually a hella good video
You see
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
cody looks like he would smell bad in real life
Yeah I’m not good at patience either If I know the path is logical then let’s fucking go
This video is actually epic! Cody did a great job getting out of his confort zone and trying something new. For me that was the biggest inspiration message from this vid.
It was so wholesome seeing Kelsey's face light up when Cody immediately loved her idea.
I didnt realize you wrote that! When I watched the video I was like no way!!!! But im even more surprised that you wrote the whole thing!
Noel needs to drop a thats cringe on this
The jasper hoodie tho i see you kelsey
Great acting might I add!
when Cody makes the other dude drop the egg Cody should have just started running. that's just my personal opinion though..
Best video you ever made. This is better and easier to watch than anything shane Dawson made in the last couple years besides the Chuck E. Cheese shit that was scandalous af
How was it “humbling”? Clearly it wasn’t because they gave you their entire platform to create a video on.  If anything that’s the exact opposite. Humbling would be if they said your videos suck and you put zero effort into your content. Meanwhile you sell merch as your final “thanks” to Dhar Man. You’re just greedy.
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine!  My dream is to get 1 sub before 2021 💫😁
cody i liked the video u did a good job
If you don't make a That's Cringe to your own dharr man vid ima be upset
Of course it was Kelsey’s idea!
ITS CUTE
This vid went full circle lmao
n i c e
YES cody
hahahaha that cameo
I am here for this friendship. Also, Dhar Mann seems like the nicest guy!
I love that they use the visuals to make it accessible for the deaf community 😳
Aw what a cool guy you can really respect someone who gets down with humour like this especially directed at them !! Great guy :)
Awww kelsey and cody are so cute here. and wtf dhar mann is so nice be even gave cody a gift😭😭😭😭
Kelsey in a McDonalds sweater.  Cody in a Kith tee.   That’s all I got.
why is the guy playing jake just buff noel
I just want to be friends with him and Kelsey.
Peep the peep at 0:49
The first like 20 seconds give off creatyler vibes lol
This video was fire as hell
this came full circle and i love it
I love this video, but it’s also the most buzz feed shit he’s ever done 🤪
bro these Dhar Mann vids have telenovela vibes, dramatic and intense af! way to challenge yourself Cody! I wanna see Noel's reaction to it
Jake: *being an ass to Cody* Cody: I’m so sorry man 🥺
Jake and Paul lmaooooo
absolute banger vid more like this plzzzzzzz
Cody what is that turqoise hat at the end
Awh Dhar Mann is incredibly sweet. I didn’t think he’d be nasty or anything but he actually seems very genuine and kind. This was really refreshing! Great job Cody :)
Do you suffer from insomnia? Do you need to relax? Do you need deep sleep? Stay with us :::Perfect Healing music ♥ Therapy Music | Relax music ♥ Sleep music https://youtu.be/T4S8j7GMujU
A true man is willing to learn more about what he judges
can we talk about the editing behind this entire video???? it's like a whole production
You’re a decent person cody. Awesome dude!
The way Kelsey gets so genuinely excited by the things Cody makes is the cutest thing
This is my favorite video on your channel. You were so vulnerable and I love that you admitted that writing a dhar Mann sketch was much more difficult than you thought it would be. I’m going to take more risks and put myself out there more.
I ship Dhar Mann and Cody
Kelsey’s face when Cody said her idea was perfect🥺🥺
The waiter to chef promotion just made me think of The Sims.
I am loving the Cody character arc.
He is fousytube but not the clown version of him.
You have to complete the switch by making Darr Man make fun of people for your channel
11:36 Cody SAID "Behind" so that was totally the Jerks fault, not poor Cody.
Dhar Mann hates women. It's so obvious. He's toxic af.
cody your character development is extremely interesting ✨great video✨
when dharr supports blue lives matter 😡😡
Am I super high or do I feel like Cody is actually being successful at persuading me to subscribing to Dharmander? ... I'll give y'all the answer to that tomorrow. Stay tuned, you gorgeous Chodesters! 👉😎👉   WTF am I even saying rn? Geez.
I love this !! Now if you can get the YOU . Lady to do a video my life will be complete
this is so awesome lol
Chef Gordon feels like a sentimental and philosophical version of Gordon Ramsay lol
(9:04) That’s me stirring some sauce! Legit got me laughing! Lollllllllllll
Jake: *looks at the egg in the floor*  The egg on the floor: "Cmon dude...don't be shy...pick me up"
this video was so awesome
How much is he paying you?
Where is Noel
why is there such an old male model for the new merch
This is so wholesome🤲🏿🥺
THE SOUND OF THE EGG HITTING THE GROUND IM CRYING 💀💀
So we’re not going to talk about how in his recommend there’s Lil Peep. We stand 😌
I can’t be the only one who cackled along with Kelsey and Cody at his line delivery
su chef lol
3:55 Kelsey is standing like she’s trying to hide a boner
#15 on trending 👏
kelsey really put her preschool teacher skills at work
YOU SEE LOL
We are in the end times. Jesus is coming soon!  Change your mind about sin, and accept Christ as your Savior. He gave up His position of glory in heaven and came down here to suffer, then He died on the cross to wash away all our sins. Three days later He rose from the dead to prove that He is the Messiah, and that He really did pay for our sins. Believe in Jesus’ redemptive work on the cross, and you will be saved! John 3:16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
7:55 Did Kelsey herself just call Cody Mr. Struggle..
This is a milestone in his life
KEVIN LOOKS LIKE KELSEY.
jake : man i'm really struggling making these eggs *Girl Defined breaks into the room* : wait did you say you're STRUGGLING jake : no no no babe not like that
kelsey has the FACTS.
You know Cody honestly I stopped watching you because you were so mean to people. But to see you post this was really sweet, I hope it means you turn a new leaf. But if not I just wanted you to know that some random guy is proud of you for doing this.
Loll
I loved this! Good job
The message of patience is hitting me way too hard right now 😅 damn good job Cody
Cody’s got a fresh tan
“i’m so sorry man... DHAR MANN.”   how fucking stupid was this comment like it up tho boys
18:01 thats a literal twitter reaction gif he just gave us uh-
Sadly Noel wasn’t here
su chef
yoooo number 11 in trending nice
I’m sorry but when the egg “flapped” on the ground, not even a full flop, I lost it
It's definitely got soap opera vibes.
This is The GREATTTTTEST THING
yo hes actually such a ghee , love ya DHAR MANN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAWZzAv9jHA ccccc
I need dhar mann to tear apart one of Cody’s videos
Seriously great vid Cody!
Great video I love this new side of Cody
Do this with 5 minute crafts👀
why do these people have editors and teams how hard is it to talk shit infront of a camera at home?
Aw Cody! This is awesome!
kevin hardcore simps for gordon
I have watched that video and it was really inspiring and life changing !
Codyco is basically an entire episode of Dharman. LMFAO Dharman in the end WINS!!! LMFAOOOO
Honestly my first impressions of Dhar Mann was that he was a cheesy guy and to a certain extent felt scammy for some reason with the kinda bad acting. Now I realize these videos have great intentions that genuinely wants to cheer people up and motivate.
Yo Cody you killed that line lmao! I was laughing so hard, you should do more things like these in future.
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy in quarantine  My dream is to have 1k. I been struggling to get there🙏
Cody is out here making the CKCU (Cody Ko Cinematic Universe💀💀.) with most of the people he has made fun of in the past so he can try to save us all from being fully destroyed from 2020.
I love how Cody looks like a happy puppy when Kelsey kisses him on the forehead.
This isn’t the funniest video you made, but it definitely one of my favorites.
Listening to Lil Peep I see
really upset the video never said “chode” or “frictionless” or have donuts
Cody has featured The Kombucha King, Matty Smokes and now Dhar Mann in his videos. Now it's time to get Girl Defined in one of his videos lol.
Yo I lost it when you strutted outta that kitchen 😂
I felt personally attacked watching this haha, why'd they have to use my name :')
I lost my job and then making an Instagram Tool for everyone who wants to Auto Liker or Auto Unliker on Instagram and many other features.
Cody looks like he is green screened in lmao
im fAT  can u make 4xl Peace Sign Black Hoodie
Why did i cry watching a cody ko vid
You totally killed it 😂
Lil PEEWP
I like the “behind”
su chef
I was so in to learning a lesson and then a 15 second Fortnite ad killed my vibe
we have limited internet so i am kinda sad that there is only 1080p
Moral of the story: stay away from eggs
Kelsey is always right 🥺💛
"su chef" 😂
I thought this was fake at first
next feature....Girl Defined
Cody you really killed this video  Also I always knew you weren’t a ignorant person like everyone thinks you’re a gem bich
I really tried to be serious and enjoy the video but everytime Cody comes in for a scene i just burst out laughing😂😂😂
Did he mean sous chef when he wrote SU CHEF in the script jwzkskwdiee
Door man: “there needs to be more emotional weight behind it” Cody: “I’m so sorry, man...”
Cody came out and I just lost it 🤣🤣🤣 "😕BEHIND" why he look so sad 😅😅
That’s the coolest Merch yet
WHATS THE SONG AT THE END!!! Pls someone pull through
This is so wholesome
So they were all in the building and they set up the things and they be acting.
this always seems to happen to cody, people think hes making fun of someone and then he collabs with them
You can tell Kelsey loves you cuz she laughed at your goofy ass Cody Cook joke lmao
Couldnt sit through this one. Half way and I quit
I like the hat Cody. Not even trying to be weird here. It’s a good look, job done mate.
Only people who didn’t come from tiktok can like and sub
Congrats on 5 milli bro!! Love your content it’s so great
The customer: 👁👄👁 where are my eggs...
now do a thats cringe
I love dhar Mann. He is so positive. And mister I hope he taught you kindness and patience.
Kelsey's preschool teching xale out here and I'm so happy theu have each other. Also, the animation?!?!?! Fucking amazing
i need a its okay hoodie pink one is hella coot guysssssssssssssssssss
Random comment:I didn’t realize “jacuzzi” is the brand name and not just another name for a hot tub my whole life has been a lie😂 did you guys know that??
I still can’t take the video seriously 😂
okay but the fact that he gave him  a 5 mill gift is so sweet
lmao noel reacted https://youtu.be/r774oaOZBh8
this is honestly fantastic never change, Cody
To the person reading this: your a very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine! Stay safe.
The Dhar dude kills me, his voice is awful.
Behind 😂😂 did u work in a kitchen before Cody lol
Your girlfriend looks like her name is Michael
cody you killed this! i feel like i actually learned something and it was inspirational. Im gonna try not quit so often anymore
I think the funniest thing for me was thinking that the original head chef's name is Gordon just because Cody most likely wanted to name him after Ramsay
PAUSED AND LIKED WHEN I SAW THAT FOREHEAD KISS I LOVE YOU MOM AND DAD <3
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos.Non-Duality.
Bro I swear every time I started getting more into this video an Ad would pop up like dang bro
They are so captivated watching 🤣
DHAR MANN
I bet Kelsey smells nice
kelsey occassionally flitting into the background to spew well-deserved eloquent advice is what i aspire to be
Is that jake Paul’s old house 20:10
bruh I thought I got a telegram notif at 4:20
Please everyone accept Jesus because He is coming very soon!
“Panned out the way I hoped” chef puns
whyd this make me actually emotional.
i actually really liked the video they made lol
U can tell he really grew up
sombrely rightsizes
KELSEY WE STAN YOUR DANCE MOVES!!!!
Cody would be a good vlogger
I’ve been a fan for a long time and I think this is the best video you’ve ever made! The concept, the wholesome interactions with Dhar Mann, the EDITINGG, Kelsey being Kelsey... honestly it was a real pleasure to watch 4 times in a row
Bro is Kelsey not Alexandra Daddario
Bruh get married already
I got chills.
This was so wholesome 😊 Dhar Mann is a cool dude ❤️
This is why we stan Cody.
cody kook!
I actually really do wanna see more Cody and dhar man. I'm glad it went the way it did. honestly, another collab video like this would be badass. id love to see Cody in more dhar man content honestly
Very wholesome, wish the YouTube community was like this.
This gives me slight Sugar Pine 7 vibes with the narration
I’m a cook and this is actually something that happens a lot. Some young cook comes in and tries to show off how fast and good he is, but then usually fucks up more than makes a good impression. They usually have big egos and can’t handle someone telling them how to correctly do something
Changed Cody’s life
S/O to the LiL PeeP mix on Cody’s home page
I like cody in a way that he doesn't commentate on other youtuber and just ended it with bad impression. He actually reaches out to these creators and let us see the side of these youtubers that we don't usually see in their or cody's video.
the serotonin this video provided me was unreal
I would kill for a girlfriend like Kelsey, She is so emotionally supportive and really helps Cody, actually on par with his intelligence (honestly higher at least in this video),  When she sat on his lap and preached life advice at him, my heart melted
“are you gonna clean it” *ad* WELL IS HE?
I still cant stand the cringe
The Facebook video now has 7 million views now,.
cody listens to lil peep 👀
18:58 wear ur masks, like bruh...
Jake ends up murdering cody and taking his place
I would simply not remember someone I work with for less than a full shift
So wholesome dhar-ception
Even cartoon Cody is wearing bread dead😂😂
cody stirring some sauce is my new favorite thing
I have more respect for Dhar Mann after this
I ACTIVELY SCREAMED WITH EXCITEMENT WHEN CODY WALKED INTO THE SCENE!! I'm so proud!!
Is Cody wearing a GOLF hat?
Friendship.
Yes how do I like the video twice ?
Man Cody you are a pretty good actor man I wnat you guys to do more collabs
DHAR MANN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This is fire but side note, Cody why ur hair so sek c
it woul've been completly something else without kelsey.
I miss the old Cody
Kelsey sitting in the back like "Ayo that script SUCKS bro"
Love the duo
I feel like I've seen Jake before maybe he was in another dhar man video
Cody serious question, what do you put in your hair. I want my hair to not move. Thanks!
Dhar Mann experience is 5000 times better than Jimmi Hendrix experience
11:55 ok that was is fucking cute
How much did char Mann pay you
Love how they casted "Tall Noel".
I forgot Noel had hair
LMAOOO Kelsey reading you to filth was just *chef's kiss*
Please tell me where you buy all your clothes!!!
can we talk about how sweet and considerate Dhar Man is? jeez what a nice guy
Dhar man is such a nice dude
u should react with ur mate and see what he says when u come into frame? @Cody Ko
Dhar Mann: that’s why we use basic English!   Nobody:    Kevin: “I’m trying to get this BREAD!!!”
All I see is mark wahlberg
When the  egg went *splat* it made me fucking lose it lol
Plz don’t give up comedy🥺
Dhar Mann seems like such a good person
2020 really is “a year”
"Did I kill it?" "Yeah you did!" Kisses his forehead! I love these 2! He needs her reassurance and she is genuinely proud of him!
Kelsey is literally sitting behind Cody basically being like the husband from the Dhar Mann sketch  "You know that sketch sucked"
Anyone get WillNe vibes off this?
Gotta love Dhar Mann
kelsey destroyed him at 7:45 lmao
Out of all the names.. WHY gordon?
Wait this vid is so good, no one's talking about the animation sequences????? I am blown away!
Bro... Kevin looks like kelsey. It's like he's her brother. Wtf.
OMG HE SURPRISED YOU WITH A GIFT!!! HE'S SO SWEET AWWW
i am LIVING for this collaboration
Bro new merch is actually super freakin dope
This was wholesome :')
Man, any second of this video I wait Noel showing up on the restautant screaming: "DHAR MANN AAAAAAAAAAH"
I rly want Noel to make a vid making fun of Cody's dhar mann vid
I got the a notification from Dhar Mann while watching..
u listening to peep?
Me: *works at a restaurant as a prep kitchen staff for the past 3 years. Says “behind” a million times a day*  Also me: *watches this video and hears Cody say behind, laughs hysterically*  My brain: “You will think of this video every single time you say behind”
I literally just watch the vid from Dhar Man. As soon as I heard him say “Egg” I was like “oh wait, it’s about the kid who dropped the egg, but he didn’t want to pick it up and then he ended up quitting 😂😂😂”
Right when the video ended I got an ad saying, “who says being impatient is a bad thing?” And I’m like Cody did
Dat merch tho...
Cody's acting is just *chef's kiss*
So good 😂
Just because it’s hard to make something that cringey doesn’t make it worth attempting. No offense xD
Marry her Cody
The marketing on the merch was fucking sick ngl
Okay.. but Kelsey’s McDonald’s sweater, that’s a mood.
This is random but i liked the editing on this it was really clean
frictionless
Next can we see Satya give Cody an energy O?
Bravo. That’s all I have to say. Fucking amazing! Well I guess I had more to say but a brilliant vid!
if you don’t marry kelsey right now😭😭😭
Yo this shit hit different 😂😂
You Have Merch? I’ll definitely make sure I don’t buy that
he becomes friends with anyone he roasts- matty smokes, kombucha king, and now even dhar mann
holy shit cody looks like a burnt out zack efron
Cody literally roasted his content and then he makes one of his vids with him and gives him a 5m subs gift
Nice video, but has anyone mentioned your hair? Beautiful, but in serious not your video was fantastic, just wanted to say it.
but whyd i cry
That's some Minecraft music in the background yo lol
Cody stepping forward in his apron to F L E X
This is so funny because i literally watched this video like 5 days ago and was like “woah that’s weird that Cody is in this... why is no one talking about this?”
“I’ve never tried to teach...anybody..a lesson ever.” For some reason that got me good 😂😂
I dont comment usually, but this is a very good video. Good job Cody ko.
The Real Sketch Was Kody writing the Sketch. Think about that for a second
Finally mate
This is the wholesome content I've been looking for.
dhar man really said: accessibility is important ! we have to stan
Wholesome 100
Yo amazing video man, not at all what I was expecting, but it was super cool to see you experiment and try something new
U should’ve watched it with Noel
That’s it!  1:14
you either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
Su chef
Used to think the saying was "patiences avert you"... only recently figured out that is not what the saying is supposed to mean lol
11.08 when the chef literally tries plain ass water and he's like "wow. This. Tastes. Amazing." 🤣🤣🤣
"Common sense Gordon" at 10.48  DUH
wait i stan dhar mann now hes the man
This is so cool
After all the years of making fun of the chad, he became the chad.
Nope Sorry Darr man is still gay!
I see dhar man skits on my FB regularly, and I saw the skit before this video, I was watching and then I went "is that Cody ko?? No it can't be" so I went back and confirmed that it indeed was Cody ko
To think Cody had some great unspoken jokes because he didn’t want to make fun of it
Cody Ko got so much material from pickaxing videos, now he's starting to build
DHARRRRRRRRRR MAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNN
Cody kook
Wait does he have a picture of the 4chan girl hung up
I really felt like crying while watching the video damn
We love a man that has self-irony and sense of humour We stan DHAR MAAAANNNN
Hey Cody, congrats on the five milly...love your channel and your sense of humor..
there is one thing I learned here and that is men take a long time to mature
Dude Dharr Man's so chill
Ok cool video but where's Noel
The chefs name is Gordon
Omg!!! this is the first video I've watched and it's fabulous!! New subbie.  You and your wife/partner are adorable together; such a cute team.  #relationshipgoals  I've watched other Dhar Mann reaction videos and enjoyed this new twist to it.  And yes I felt like the one you wrote for him felt different and well cast.  Exceptional work!
DHAR MANN!
Replay the scene where Cody runs into the guy in 0.25 speed 🤣
Did he just spell “sous” wrong
So nice seeing Dhar Mann working with the elderly!!
Dhar Mann is kinda that dude
i LOVED this so much. This style of video suits you sir u should do it more often
yo you're so funny i love your videos i hope you don't die in the near future
plot twist: its all planned from the beginning, every cringe video comes to this video, this is the sketch and we all learn a life lesson.
Wow cody really is short
I better see this fool at edc with that outro music
The collab we didnt Ask for, but needed😌
you know what, it's actually really fucking cool that he considers that his audience consists of non-english speakers, the deaf community, kids, etc. i literally wouldve never thought about that but that's actually thoughtful
“Hey what’s up?” “Ya wuts up man?” “Ya what’s up dude” “yea how’s a going” - no answer
What nice dude though really didn’t expect that
Amazing video man actaully had me in the feels
This video is awesome ngl
Wait a second this is wholesome content
I just now realized that Cody is about 1 and a half years away from being 30. oh my lord he's old
Now we need Cody to work with Girl Defined
Ok but the actor who plays Kevin has the most adorable smile
LONG HAIR CODY LONG HAIR CODY LONG HAIR CODY
Cody if u fuckin get soft
"You can call me Cody Kook"
Clean your room man, I know it’s your thing, but does it have to always be your thing?
its cody cook
Bravo my guy.
Cody’s ✨hair✨
These animations are sooo goooood!!
"You can't cook eggs in high heat good eggs has to be cooked slowly otherwise they'll be dry" By this line I assume Kody has ever cooked an egg in his entire life
Iconic ahhahahaha
Feels great to see more youtubers collaborating with each other, after seeing all this cancel culture lately.
Wow lol
this is one of the best vids i’ve watched man
Kelsey finessed Cody with the old elementary school teacher life lessons
Gordon? As the head chef?    Coincidence?     I THINK NOT!
That guy that doesn’t want to cook eggs slowly looks exactly like Ray from Girls (Alex Karpovsky).
Cody’s shirt really said: now kith 😗
Kelsey the preschool teacher just coming in with life lessons in a cute way omg
DID I KILL IT??! 😌 i killed it
Wow Amazing!
This really shows how dhar Mann and his team are actually really good people and not just in it for the bread
Low key, “Kevin” is damn cute.
the way i laughed with you guys at 11:44
Kelsey genuinely masterminded this.
What is this capitalist propaganda?
I really like dhar Mann after this
0:01
Cody could've at least offered his assistance in picking up the egg, dick move
Love this! 😂
Wow the music really made a difference... why am I tearing up?
I had to learn patience for all these ads
Omg if Cody makes a video WITH Girl Defined...
Me trying to finish my essay at 11:59: 3:25-3:28
Cody ko blessed us with 21 min
7:45 Kelsey just tore apart the entire essence of your channel Cody 😂
DHAR MANN IS THE MAN!
Yep this is the stuff 👍👌
this is so dope im so proud of you!
im also doin some Dhar Mann reacts.
that new merch drop at the end is fucking fireeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!
Dhar Mann really is an awesome guy.
U have become the very thing u swore to destroy
Cody this made my cold, dead heart feel something again. It is honestly really cool to see you collaborating with people whose stuff you may not have appreciated at first and giving them a chance to teach you something. Mad props brother
This is so wholesome.
When you can’t beat them, join them
Hahaha positive Cody is weird!
I see you Cody, bumpin that lil peep-about u👌
"Su chef"
shouldn't be surprised Kelsey was the mastermind behind this
idk kelsey makes me feel ✨safe✨
This is Cornelius right?
You can tell cody put so much effort in this, big ups short king! I like where his channel is going
You should react to this with noel but not tell him you made it
Cody does be listening to peep tho. Respect
behind.
What a nice man.
This how many people think Cody should get a mullet👇🏼
Now it's time to get on What Would You Do!!!!
Wow we stan dhar man
I McCoomCoomErCoomDaCoomWhomShallntSuckOnDaCockCoom
damn dhar mann really do be the chillest dude in the world
dude MAD respect to cody and dhar mann this is actually so sick lol
Hi can I specifically request the sweatshirt that you rubbed between your crotch
what a sellout
He doesn’t wear a V neck, he wears a Ц neck
Wow Dhar Mann was actually such a genius low key like he truly put so much thought into his content
Kelsey fucking Chad
Kelsey is fuckin 200 iq
im so sorry man HAHAHAHAHH actually loled
GUYS if you look at the google doc (8:15) you can see Cody originally named the characters Jake and Paul omg
So this is what leafy is doing after getting banned off YouTube..
Me: watches Dharr Mann video first  Also me: THATS CODY!!!!!!!!!!!
Someone got a new editor
please keep this hair forever
i think this is the best crossover since michael jordan and bugs bunny. lol
He really said 100% real merch 😂😂
I like how you can still tell Cody wrote it
Why does he sound like Remy from Ratatouille
Cody walking out killed me 😂😂
When he was excited about how well he did and she kissed his forehead :,)
damn cody starting to look like prince charming from shrek with that haircut
I love this kind of video cody!!!!
Bro the dharmander is a great guy
Cody while watching the video:     🤔
Can we please have Noel react to this with Cody beside him? I need this in my life to make this whole thing complete
Can’t wait till he makes a video where he collabs with girl defined 💀
this is great cody you’re the best but i can’t get over the fact that u spelt sous chef like “du chef” it’s irking me greatly other than that Great Video! Gave It A Like😋👍
the beginning of this reminded me of Catfish episode structure 100%
I am out of this world proud of you just wanted you😇 to know hope you have a great day 😘
bro i saw the ad on tiktok 😭
You didn't fucking write it before.
This video reminds me of a Nathan fielder sketch
Did you just fistbump his elbow? 8:27
Kelsey and Cody at 11.54 to 12.00 are couple goals. Kelsey's peck on his forehead was the sweetest <3
Love it. Would love to see more positive videos from you. It would be cool to you to step into other shoes that you have made fun of.. it could be a series.
Literally the 1% people who's reading  May your parents Live More than 1000 years with good health
Dhar Man: *goes for elbow bump* Cody.exe has stopped working
Please make merch that just has “behind” on it please and thank you!
WHY IS THIS SO WHOLESOME
Love it Cody, do more stuff like this
I can’t wait for your next collab with Girl Defined !!!! 😂
as much as i love this video im getting a little nervous about the prospect of a girl defined collab
I’m in deep need of a new Thats cringe
This made me so happy
A video all about patience, and then BOOM Sorry to cut off the intro so quickly “I couldn’t wait another second to tell you about my merch” 😂😂😂
Why the fuck is dhar Mann so nice. I lover it though it’s cute how their friends now
2/10 not enough hate
I recently saw my 9 year old brother watching Dhar Mann's videos and instantly recognized it from Cody's reaction video. 😂 I had a good laugh but I let him be since there is far worse content on Youtube. Some mildly cringy content infused with  cheesy life lessons are a normal part of every childhood anyway 🤷‍♀️
We love DHARR MANNNN in this house.
Bro this new video is so good!!
DHAR MAN!
Dhar mann facebook team are douchebags they blocked me from mak8ng coments for making fun of him and calling out his bullshit
This was actually so lovely!
I am not sure why, but i was smiling the whole video...
All my friends told me to quit my job because I wasn’t getting paid a very good amount from the work I was doing but eventually I ended up getting a job within the same company with a $12 raise so it’s worth it
I watched the vid with u in it like yesterday and I thought that looks like Cody ko but it actually was u
Jake looks like Diego from Umbrella Academy
Cody really lived a dhar Mann sketch
WHY DID THE MERCH GO SO HARD
Cody you are the nicest douchebag, also officially my favorite youtuber... also also if no gf like Kelsey then what's the point?
What was that noise at 2:51, 4:20 and 13:59????
This made me so happy wtf my face hurts from smiling the entire video.
I absolutely loved this video, my favorite Cody Ko video so far. So many different layers of wholesomeness, and also an interesting look behind the scenes of video production.
“My audience is universal.” Dhar Mann is popular on Mars
Waiting for Noel to come In and start roasting the shit out of Cody
dhar mann is such a great dude
Oh my gosh yes. His audience is universal for non English speakers and children duhhhh wow YouTubers are dumb🙄
Kelsey helping Cody write his sketch just looks like a mom trying to help her son do his school project
Nooo why'd Cody choose that actor for Jake? he's always so sweet and the nice guy in videos 💀
you know what? this actually gave me such a warm fuzzy feeling
Kelsey's so fucking wholesome
Well ngl I low-key kinda learned few things from this video
I would let my kids get parented by Dhar Mann's videos and sleep like a baby every night
Frictionless-ness is a virtue.
Omg, Kody... it’s the first video of yours I disliked... stop paddling back so much! Those clips are horribly stupid and the fact that people like them, just say a lot about people in general.  PS I’m glad that two of you became friends. But what I hate about those videos is that they come from the place that there are people who are inherently evil and I would like to believe that this is not the case and that nothing is black and white.
His part was actually so good
No joke, I was pleasantly surprised by the sincerity of this whole journey! This is great content. Kelsey knew what she was doing haha
I proud of you Cody Ko ❤️
HELL YEAH! THIS IS WHY I LOVE CODY. Also mad respect to Dhar Mann for being very open, chill and professional. I think most people would be just being salty and not ended up like this. This is actually a very good lesson to young kids. Respect to both of you, and Kelsey of course. Very well done.
"Heyy what's up man" "Yeahh what's up dude" "Hahh what's up bro"  *no one answers the question*
cody your hair is so large but this vid was so good
Dhar Mann literally seems like the biggest chiller of all time, what a dude
Well I've learned to be less cynical about content that's for sure
Wet water is ab egg
why is this video edited
Not collabing with the people you write jokes about? That’s cringe.
This is the content we need in 2020
This was so great! Also, I love the new merch! I can’t decide between the tie-die hoodies and the smiley one! Love em all! I wish the tie die had matching pants,
i love that cody wrote su-chef instead of sous-chef
Just wanna know where Noel is...like just want Cody to tell us he's good
This just makes me think Kelsey is a great teacher to her students.
"he made it easily digestible" do you mean *frictionless*
CEO of not knowing how to spell Sous-Chef
frictionless acting
can you do the pony play experience next
Kelsey is  ridicoulusly hot
I love how Cody and the people he roasts are on good terms, and are able to make content with each other
i’m proud of cody and the work he put in for this video, sick editing good shit dawg😎
i’m just waiting for the collab with girl defined
This video was An Experience
i appreciate seeing lil peep on there ! :((
i like this format
THIS VIDEO WAS SO WHOLESOME. GREAT CONTENT CODY
10/10 👏👏👏
aw hes so nice
what I learned: don't cook your eggs on high
Huh 2020 might not be the worst
tsundere type beat
Can we get merch that says “BEHIND”
*“B E H I N D“*
So many people are simping for Kelsey in the comments. 😂     Welcome to the club 😈
I saw the sketch and had no idea it was kody whi cane up withi it🤣😂😂
Dhar Mann is such a wholesome dude, and damn those actors are amazing.
Who is the actor who plays Kevin (the one with the Spanish accent)?
the character development is strong here
Cool
Drop a “behind.” hoodie with the patience merch
Omg why is he actually so nice?!!
could you imagine watching the skit before this video came out and you’re like “is that- is that cody ko?”
Kelsey is the true mvp
Cody got calf game ngl
okay with the peep playlist on the youtube homepage absolutely!
this is actually such a cool ass video plz do more of this cody
Damn I teared up lol
Kelsey has Mr. Struggle radar
now you gotta collab with girl defined
I love the subtle flex lmao you know your audience, my audience is universal 💀
You and Noel should react to it together
Instead of saying “you’re looking at him” he should of said “nigga we made it”
The magic of Dhar Mann actually changed Cody's life for the better lol
i love kelsey 🥺
Do thats cringe
The animations are so sick.
This was great
i got triggered when he said "fired up" and "circle back"
CAN WE TALK ABOUT HOW GOOD THE ANIMATIONS ARE? DAMN
he even said behind like he's supposed to and this dude had the NERVE-
My favorite content from Cody Ko is when he meets the people he roasts and they become friends. When’s he going to meet the horse-play folks?
That egg slapping the ground with the force of a thousand waterfalls took me out
the editing in the videos was awesome
does anyone else leave the vid once his unfunny GF walked in???????
wow the collage I never thought I needed
work with girl defined next.
Other dude: “ WATCH WHERE UR GOING NOW IM GONNA HAVE TO COOK THIS ALL OVER AGAIN”  Cody:😔😔😔😔😔😔😔
Hold up what is that song in the outro?
all of the commentary cody ever did about dhar mann was never negative.. they always complimented him a lot
Another hero is added to the story. Another hero added to Cody and Co.
Saw this on moistcr1tikal YouTube night stream
9:51 OKAY👏🏽
damn look at that. cody worked hard and was patient and got to make a dharr man video...life lessons baby.
Already clocked a milli
Yes 8 figures, but where is the decimal?
Love you Cody but you need a hair cut 😂🤣
Its kinda like Rosa De Guadalupe
"Cody cook" lmao 😂
Review Demon House i know youd love how bad it is
I both laughed and cried
Kelsey is so awesome.
You can really tell that Kelsey and Cody love each other. I love them together
This hair looks so good on Cody it makes him look like hockey player
petition to make “behind” merch, one like = one sign
Kelsey do be dropping hints -"patience is a virtue" . Cody better put a ring on it or she gon dump his ass
Kelsey is my queen
wait the editing on this vid is highkey supreme
ngl i will sit and watch dharr man videos for hours
Cody Cook!
Next up:  THAT'S CRINGE: Jesus Christ
KELSEY REPRESENTING ALBERTA WITH THAT JASPER HOODIE 🥰
Whats next cody? *Girls Defined???*
Kelseys commentary is hilarious
imagine if jake was played by noel though
Damnit, I didn’t know I’d come out of this thinking as highly as Dhar Mann as I do now, but the dude seems like he’s genuinely a really good guy.
Since the first video you made on dhar mann i knew this would happen! Big up Cody keep making fun of things
Since the first video you made on dhar mann i knew this would happen! Big up Cody keep making fun of things
Why is this so emotional I’m confused.. THIS IS SO CUTE WTF
Cody Cook?? Daniel Cook’s forgotten brother??
NGL, I needed that lesson for my job and career goals lmao
Why am. I actually crying
Why am i crying
This is easily your best video in months
The “that’s cringe” turned friendship and collaboration trend we’ve gotten from Matty, GT, and now Dharr Man is just the best😂 elite content right there
Kelsey really did puppet master this whole thing. She honestly deserves co-writer credit lol.
Ngl the way he spelt sous chef was bothersome.
Kelsey: telling Cody that he’s learning a life lesson about how you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover because writing one was harder than it looked Cody: 👁👄👁
sometimes i have to remember that codys actually smart and went to Duke because he acts so stupid.
What size hoodie does Kelsey wear?! I don’t know what size to order! ✨
THE DHAR MAAAAN
Anyone knows that hoodie Cody’s wearing?
the way kelsey looks at cody when he asks “did it kill it” and she laughs “yea i did”🥺🥺🥺 the only hetero couple that deserves rights
Dhar Mann knows what's up. Damn. Seems like a good business man.
The best part of this video is the fact that the first video playlist on his YouTube home page is Lil Peep. 🤟🏾❤️
waiting for the Cody ko girl defined collab
Besides how great this video was content-wise, cody really also killed the editing in this one. He also had animated bits wtf?? Dhar mann changed his life lol
why does cody look like dalles from rouge
;) do you charge extra for butt flossed shirts or ?  😜 😝  lol  But in all cerealness big props on the vid! Love ya videos fellow Canuck lol
I can’t believe we live in a day an age where Cody Co be  simping for Dhar Mann😂😊
Does Cody have somebody new editing? This video looks awesome!!
*Remember guys, behind every shitty meme is someone trying to put a smile on your face*
as wholesome as it is for cody to evolve, i miss him and noel in their prime toxic that’s cringe series. an era
when you walk behind someone in a kitchen, you’re actually supposed to say behind. Good attention to detail.
They should've cast Noel as Jake
Cody: “I’m going to let it simmer over the weekend” The video “posted 21 hours ago”
The Real Cornelius aka the animator aka the guy who made that one Lil Nas x video
Kelsey works at McDonalds?
I too can cook a single fried egg without dropping it on the floor, I hope to become head chef one day.
you can call me ✨𝒄𝒐𝒅𝒚 𝒌𝒐𝒐𝒌✨
I watched a dharm mann video on Instagram a few days ago and then saw this in my recommended and I was like oh no, they got me, please no. Then i saw it's just Cody and actually thanked God for youtube algorithm not failing me
Legendary
Okay but where the fuck is Cody's hoodie from?????
that really wasn’t as bad as i thought, it was lowkey amazing😂
Man i dont know why but seeing cody in a dhar mann skit makes me nervous lol.😂. Good job btw.
Funny how an egg can destroy one man's career
Kelsey is so hot lol
I love that friendships keep coming from making fun of people
The thumbnail makes Cody look like he's in his mid 40's
My set decorator brain was itching to iron the table cloth closest to camera in Kevin's restaurant since all the others were.
OMFG IM DYING LAUGHING AT CODYS PART IN THE VIDEO. My mom is asking if I’m okay
the quality of this video is such a step up. rather wait longer for vids like this
Omg thanks for the lesson😭
thats cringe: cody ko in a Dharr mann video
Cody will make a Thats Cringe episode on himself in a couple of days
What do you mean  Kody is universal too  I follow him from Algeria (north Africa) and my first language is Arabic
Maybe the real Dhar Mann experience were the friends we made along the way, Cody.
WASSSSSUP DUDE
All I want to know is why there isn't a door knob on the front door of Kevin's restaurant...
in all seriousness its nice to see that cody differentiates between shitty people who make shitty content, and good people who make content that just isn't tailored to him
The way Cody spells Sous Chef made me giggle
“NOW I HAVE TO COOK IT ALL OVER AGAIN” .......it’s one egg dude
i really want to leave a positive response because this video is genuinely good but cody ironically being in it wont let me
i was really into the story lmao i love this
SU CHEF
Anyone else get a warm fuzzy feeling from watching this video? the whole thing was extremely wholesome
God damn Kelsey really be coming for Cody's neck with those juicy, valuable life lesson.
Dhar Mann might be the most genuine person alive... right up there next to Azfar Abbass
You should do a “that’s cringe” with Noel about this video and don’t tell him you’re in it
I'm not crying, you're crying.
hey Cody do u have bipolar? Because it sure seems like you do.
DIIDD THEYY SHOOT THE MERCH AT EMMAA’S HOUSSE??
Never in a million years would I have guessed that this is the video he was working on. Its really fun to see him try out new stuff like this rather than stick to one format.
"that's cringe" tuned into one of the most wholesome sagas on youtube
Wholesome stuff bro, you should do more of this kind of stuff. Maybe with the girl defined girls next haha
how the turn tables
DAHR MAN AHHHHHHH
dhar mann seems like such a genuine guy
Ayt fine I''ll sub to you cody. Like this
It would’ve been so funny if they made a video about this very experiment and how Cody learned to be patient by producing a dhar man video
DHAR MAN is actually a super nice and humble guy!
Honestly am really proud. Congrats
Finally somebody who agrees with me.
This is wholesome. Also, is it the water with so much flavor?
15:59  Cody walks in as "Mr. Steal yo' Job"
i just realized that Dhar Mann talks the way he does in his videos so it would be easier to understand him. i was really thrown off by hearing him talk normally
Today I learned you can't cook eggs on high heat😄
I just noticed that Cody naming the antagonist "Jake" is actually genius LMAFO
Now Cody has to make a That’s Cringe on himself
The “that’s cringe” turned friendship and collaboration trend we’ve gotten from Matty, GT, and now Dharr Man is just the best😂 elite content right there
i was really trying to not make fun of cody acting but when they started laughing i couldn’t help it
Damn Cody and thats on growth
Not me crying when he said you’re looking at him
Cody is Jim Halpert
Love the animations that you used you should use them more
I got a Tito’s ad right after Cody pulled it out of the box😂
This content is truly from the soul , isn't it?
Dope video! Merch looks 🔥
top 10 best crossovers of all time
kelsey really kissed him on the forehead tho i feel single as fuck i wasn't expecting a reality check from chody the chodster man goddamn 😔
this is such a wholesome practice
Gonna whip up some dry eggs for dinner🤡
listen whoever did the animation for this killed it, I love it
you need to do a video on classically abby
Cody that really was actually fucking sick
YOU SHOULD HAVE PUT THE WORD "WAITER" INSTEAD OF SEVRER, CORYYY  HEEEZZZ YOU CANT EVEN DO DAT AAAAAAAAA
Can we talk about how sweet Dharr Man is though
Kelsey dancing in the merch at the end is the best thing I've ever seen
Noel needs to react to the video
RESPECTFUL CODY RESPECTFUL CODY RESPECTFUL CODY RESPECTFUL CODY
“I’ve never written anything serious in my life” except the code for I’d Cap That
This video was a Dhar Mann episode in itself!!
I love Dhar Mann! You did great Cody!
go cody this is sick as fuck
Is nobody going to talk about how the 2 main characters are named jake and paul
This is amazing, next is Girl Defined
Cody has curtains
why didn't he just pick it up he said he doesn't have time for this but it literally takes 5 minutes to clean it up and make a new egg  😭 😭😭
damn this was such a high quality, put together video
i love it when you do these collabs. i think it’s so helpful to your audience to see that you aren’t truly ragging on the people you poke fun at, and humanizes those people too. this was great
DHAR MANN
"even though I am only seeing half your face" - Dhar "hehehehhaha" - Cody  CLASSIC AWKWARD CORONA JOKE
my boyfriend just sent me a video of dharr man last week HAHA then i remembered you made two videos abt him so i sent them to my boyfriend.   then wow, this is an incredible update
Honestly this video genuinely warmed my heart. It’s so good to know that there’s commentators who are able to pick fun at shit but also be willing to learn. My heart is full
This was frictionless
Eyyy, Kelsey got my name on her jumper.
Next video: the girl defined experience
best thing to happen in 2020 i’m not even joking i couldn’t stop smiling/laughing 😭
Dhar man has huge hands
0:49 codys a peep fan? omg
Who else saw lil peep!!!!🤧🤧🤧🥺🥺
Cody looking chubby.... good be that homeless shirt though?
The forehead kiss by her was her way of saying you didn't kill it and that was painful to watch but she loves you anyway.
lil peepy hell yah
Of course the chef is named Gordon
This is brilliant. Premium content right here.
i def learned something. been strugglin hella hard with my mental health and i wanna give up on most days cuz it feels futile, but everyone keeps telling me to have patience. hope it pans out 🙏🏼
that's cringe Codys hair
Cody, I love that you did this this is super cool of you. Don’t get me wrong I love making fun of shit and my hobby is cringing at terrible videos lmao but this is cool
Cody’s hair at this length is disrespectfully attractive
so when is darr man gonna make a videoin you’re style
Bring back noel
what is going on
This is so awesome. Cody I love the gear shift, you did really good. The addition of other creators was really cool, and you edited it really well. Super compelling stuff.
New editor?
I'm so sorry man
Smh Jake
This was so wholesome I loved it
This was amazing cody
Yo cody u did it man 22 hrs and "u clocked a milli" views....proud of u and got to give big love to ur girl kelsey shes got such good values and behind every good man, is a great woman". And what about that meech ur my top youtuber that ill b saving up for a year to get that dope merch man its the only shit that i vibe with so congrats on that!$
this made me so so happy i can't stop smiling
Cody deserves an oscar
3:20 ah yes he would be a great dad
cody aging like 25 years as the minutes go on
5:15 “what’s up” x1000000
I Guess That Querntine has changed everybody
Very inspirational
I saw it on facebook and I was so shocked
This might be Cody's greatest video ever
my dumbass really expected cody to somehow fit “frictionless” in the script
Midst of learning about patience then a damn Liberty Mutual Ad comes on. I had to wait 15 whole seconds...
Cody : “Yesss” Dhar Mann: “Yo whats up man” Cody: “Yess what’s up dude” Dhar Mann: “haha what’s up bro”
That server guy is gonna bump into cody and cody is going to drop his eggs and get pissed.
Ok but I’m laughing bc when you were justifying the intensity of the music, a Takis ad cut in and he said “You don’t know intense until you’ve had takis.”
Now you need to drop an "I'm so sorry man" merch. The surprise is that is says "Behind!" on the back.
here that is
This is so wholesome omg
that stick figure really got dookied on huh.
Cody the only reaction channel I can actually respect and enjoy watching
Cody are you wearing sunscreen, your freckles are on blast
You don’t even know the pain of restarting a script
Cody is in a Dhar Mann sketch...what a timeline we live in
I’ll give you a 6/10 for the acting skills
Can’t wait for the Girl Defined collaboration 👩🏼🧑🏽👱🏻‍♀️
nice editing
Avengers......assemble!!
How she just plopped into Cody's lap was so adorable
I looked away at 11:34 and I swore I heard a firm slap to the ass.
Kelsey is so wise 😭❤️
so is no one going to talk about the dude’s name is jake???
This video was great but I’m literally just commenting to say that I laughed so freakin hard when you said “I’m so sorry, man” that I think I ruptured my esophagus. I’ll let you know when I get back from the E.R. Lol. Also Kelsey is beautiful and my favorite part of any of your videos. Gotta go, the paramedics are here 😂😂 @omgwhereisraven
"i don't have patience" bruh you make 20 minute videos tf
Su chef😂
i LOVE how Kelsey in this video is like the Voice of Reason for Cody, hahaha
WHOLESOME
why is the production and editing of this vid so fucking good though ???? feels like im watching casey neistat or sumn
11:54 yea u killed the eggs nice job
Jake looks like a real Mr. Struggle to me
Youtube getting real comfortable with these double unskippable ads
Simply incredible
this is literally the definition of when worlds collide
I wish I could somehow show Tom Segura this video cuz they just recently found out about the glory of dhar Mann and I want them to interview him so bad lol
This is incredible
i love how jake said "panned out"
Yo where'd he get that snapback in the end?? That sh** fire
so he can hangout with some random dude like Dhar Man but he can’t hangout with Noel? this is bull
Next reach out to Girl Defined 💀
i’m literally crying laughing
Cody: patience is not a virtue I possess. Cody: *waits entire week to watch the video for the first time*
jasper canada
This kid went to duke and still doesn’t know how to spell sous chef
aww this is seriously so wholesome, and the video turned out so well too. very proud of the both of you!!
19:22 mans on the bike got class 😏
cook ko
"su" chef 😭
Im so glad cringe culture is over and we are learning the difference between cancelling something and casually joking around with it
this was by far one of the most beautiful, ,motivational, videos codys ever done
I love this style of video good job Cody
Cody, she deffinetly played you.
18:44 The way cody just stares at the camera as dhar mann says good things about him looks so cocky and funny
Kelseys reaction is an example of why she’s a great girlfriend.
Lil Peep @ 0:46
This is the best one yet
Bruh Kelsey is so pretty
why is this actually so inspiring?? i did not want to go to work ever again. but still calling in today
7:54 I was hoping Noel was going to come in and be like shut up janica from girl defined
that was awesome
ok this is amazing dude 😂
Su chef?
Cody ko listens to lol peep
Cody fring eggs gave me h3 vibes
me: *forgets Cody is smart* Cody: says stuff like 'ominous' and 'dopamine cycle'
the part where he said 'not everyone speaks english as their first language, keep that in mind' really got to me.  this man truly considers his whole audience, a thing that not even most a-List hollywood  directors do.
The people who directed the videos have targeted a different audience who have limited exposure to english thats why more simple and direct words are repeated. Its like a story to teach a new english speaker an idiom of some sort. Just what i see and why i think it blows up on facebook due to the audience demography.
Seriously MAD respect to Cody for putting himself in the shoes of someone he’s made fun of. This could be its own Dhar Mann video.
should definitely do the sketch with the rich fake friends
where !!! Is !!! Noel !!!
Why do I have a crush on Cody’s gf?
i hope cody puts this in his acting reel
dude could've just wrote something about don't make fun of positive people or smthn
I liked the second one though 😢
where's noel :(
I'm kinda mad you didn't think of making the script about two guys who earn a living off of roasting other people on the internet who are simply trying to make the world a better place through cringy inspirational facebook videos. In the end, one of the internet "bullies" ends up working _for_ said cringy inspirational video maker.
Now you need to make one with 5 minute crafts🤭
He honestly killed his line
Did anybody else notice that cody is actually growing fuck boy hair
Try it out
How to make new friends? Make fun of what they do, and wait.
Dhar Mann changed Cody view by saying " the video you made on me was funny"  legend Dhar Mann🐐
HAHAHAHAHHA
dhar mann seems like the nicest dude, probably learned a lot from his own videos
High and  tight fans going... seriously??
wait but honestly dhar mann is cool af for understanding his audience might not all speak english and takes the proper measures to make sure everyone can understand, that actually mad considerate and i would never think of that
Why does this video only have 1080p Quality? I'm in Africa man ):
Cody why didnt ya ask dhar mann why he talks soooooooooooooooooooooo slow
i  𝘀𝗮𝗶𝗱 𝙝𝙤𝙬 𝙢𝙖𝙣𝙮 𝙢𝙤𝙧𝙚 𝙢𝙞𝙣𝙪𝙩𝙚𝙨 𝙤𝙣 𝙩𝙝𝙤𝙨𝙚 𝙚𝙜𝙜𝙨
this is ur best vid imo
god i Loved the little animations so much
Made me cry man good job y’all
Dhar Mann: “how do you go from a server to a cook”  Alfredo Linguini: “am I a joke to you?”
11:07 drinks water   Wooow soo amazing soooo much flavour
You should’ve stood by your roastings
How you folding on the squad
This one is better than the dahr mans ones as at least they all end up happy
this is probably cody’s best edited & most entertaining video
Now I want to rewatch previous Dhar Mann videos
that damned awkward handshake at 8:27 oh god
4:22 my fellow kpop stans... felix and cody ko saying 5 star michellin
17:44 like kylie jenner?
"I could not wait another second... I call this the patience collection"
Who else saw that Post Malone rosé tho ??😍
i'm getting Crea-Tyler vibes from the editing in this video Cody
I literally clapped in the end. This is the most epic crossoever the world have seen
This is, in reality, Dhar Man's greatest video he was just teaching you the lesson the whole time. Playing that long game Dhar! Respect!
It’s so nice to see you stepping out of your comfort zone man I know people want the same old videos sometimes but it’s so nice to see you doing what you want and making content you are proud of
"Su Chef"
You should have made a skit about a YouTuber who works really hard to make inspirational videos until some other asshole YouTuber comes along and starts making fun of them. Then the asshole YouTubers account gets suspended and he loses all his subscribers and ends up having to work for the guy he made fun of
Cool cool, making a con artist look like a good person. Cool, cool.
“Su” chef
This was so nice. Cody Ko eating humble pie is pretty entertaining.
Did this guy just write ”su chef”
Cody Ko - " Behind! "
Man NO HATE, i LOVE cody and watch every single video of him BUT whenever his girl comes, i just forward it or if she is in the whole video, i never watch it
Cody spelling sous ‘su’ is sending me for some reason
sorry for dislike needed to be 420
Is this a Cody Ko video?
I been thinking about quitting my job as a cook for a small businesses because the pay isn't good. I should just keep working there and keep learning experience. Cool video
Kid Larry's grand parent over here
ok but i teared up when he gave Cody a present at the shoot to celebrate reaching five mil 🥺😭💕
“su” chef
Now Cody needs to meet the 40 year old virgin
DHAR MAAAN
so we’re not gonna talk about how cody and kelsey filmed the merch promo at emma chamberlains house?
just do a thats cringe on kaneys twitter posts, i'm sure he will produce ur next mixtape!
I dont come here for 'feel good' content, I come for scathing cynicism .. give your head a shake Cody
PLEASE KEEP THIS MERCH AROUND SO I CAN BUY IT WHEN I HAVE MONEY
wow kelsey's mind is so powerful
Honestly, Kelsey sounds like she has all the life lessons you could possibly need for a sketch
1:50 into the video and i like the narrating style
Great video. When Mr. Mann explained his audience and how he accommodated them as a whole was really amazing and thoughtful. I would have never thought that either, Cody. However, I am so happy to see someone taking such careful consideration for their audience and their unique needs and perspectives :)
But you were kind of being a hypocrite at the same time tho
Omg. Dooooood. I’ve been waiting for this collab. I freakin love u. U r awesome.
Oh so that was why you were in one of his vids the other day
I saw the peep song cody👀👀
That new merch ad was the best advertisement I've ever seen.
Cody: writes a sketch to change people's life for the better and makes a video about it. People after watching this video:
Great collab, next up: girl defined ft Cody Ko
Even when he’s bullying people, they reach out to be his friends, that must be a superpower
Bro my mom is addicted to dar man videos I have showed her all of ur videos making fun of them; bought to show her this one
Damn kelsey really supports Cody and it’s really nice to see
I love that Cody reaches out to the peeps he rips on. All In good fun!
Cody! Your hair looks very sexy, keep it up. Proud of you
5:10 how LA men communicate: cody: ... yyaaaaa Dhar: sub man? cody: sub dude? Dhar: sub bro? cody: how r u bro?
Cody couldn’t stop himself, he made fun of his character
Them watching this together is like the Dad helped the Kid make a film for the Mom to surprise her but the Dad was so proud he couldn't just hold back
kelsey is sooooo into it loooool
Dhar Mann is such a cool guy ngl
codyko should do make a video with pewdiepie even if pewdiepie doesn't like to collab i think it would be hella funny and wholesome to see both of em at the same video
Can't wait noel reacting to this
Why is the egg shaped like a chicken drumstick
Those animations 🤩
When he tastes the soup he’s literally got water on the spoon 😂
Cody: i have never written anything seriously- what's a lesson?  Also Cody, a few seconds ago: it's easier to tear something down than build something up  I feel like there's something there, but I can't quite place a finger on it.
DHAR MANN OHHHHHHHHHHHH
We're not gonna skip over you listening to Hellboy by Peep tho lol I fuck with you even more now
This truly was awesome, like i feel like cody really did something different and kind of bold and it turned out amazing.
SHUT UP I DID NOT CRY
Cody just has a goonies book of all the people he’s made fun of
the editing and animation on this video are really nice you should do them more often
I love how Kelsey was wearing a mcdonald’s shirt and i got mcdonald’s ads
How to make Cody Ko stop making fun of your videos ... invite him over to make a video with him
11:55 my mom pretending she is proud of me after getting a C in the finals
cody u trying to bankrupt my ass w that merch son.. yeezus
Cody’s gf is smart
Can't wait for the new cooking channel Cody Kook
why did kelsey just waltz in like the fairy god mother in disney movies 😂
I’m fucking DYING at the fact that the guy quits for dropping an egg again LMAOOOO
I just peed my pants
cody's hair looks dope
Why didn’t yu bring noelle
That was super interesting! Loved the end result. Also Kelsey is such a supportive “puppet master” 😂
codys character is actually linguini from ratatouille
has anyone ever told cody that his voice is like remy from ratatouille
DHAR MAN! AHHHHHHHHH
love how cody decided to make the names JAKE and PAUL
Why is no one talking about the animation?? This is amazing!!! Love the new video style Cody! Keep it up, I honestly love your content! (Give that animator a raise fr)
THIS IS SO CUTE
When world's collide
Wait Dhar Man is so wholesome
KELSEY AND CODY IS THE COUPLE!!!!
I've legit been tearing up at the end
My dad was watching that sketch and I didn't  realize
Moral of the story: Listen to Kelsey.
HAHAHA
i really thought the sketch was gonna be about cyber bullying
I feel like this is the content used in ielts exams 😂
Damn Cody the editing here 👀👀
I like ur hair
The fact that my mom watched his  dharmann video on facebook and remembered it while he was explaining the plot hahaha
This is dope! I loved how you learned the same lesson of the video you made hahaha
This is the best video I’ve ever seen😭😭😭😂😂😂
so moral of the story  is : u wanna be  ahead chef in a restaurant LEARN TO COOK EGGS
This is still cringe ngl...
Kelsey is so supportive wife material, just watch your “behind”
bruh the animation is divine.
Now that Cody is apologizing for a lot of " that’s cringe " will you and Noel start making more? I love your work
iCONIC
All it needed was a cameo from Noel and it would been perfect!
God of the Bible is the Creator of the world and everything in it and is Lord of heaven and earth.  God made us so that we might seek him and perhaps reach out to him and find him, though he is not far away from any of us.  God overlooks past ignorance but now commands all people everywhere to Repent.  I used to be a Drug addict Poker player alcohol partying porn watching potty mouth meth head I was headed for Hell but I cried out to the Lord for forgiveness and he healed me ❤️  You too can be saved just put your Faith and Heart into the Lord and his Word and you can be saved 💗
This video itself, as in the video of Cody creating the video with Dhar Mann, is actually amazingly inspirational. I can't believe I'm saying that. I'm appreciative.
this video made me so happy??? it’s so wholesome???
Ur lesson should’ve been hot girls have problems too
There is only one thing missing from this video and that’s Noel going: Dhar Mann AAAHHHH
LOL ur the best actor no cap
wow amazing vid
The saga continues
When is that’s cringe gonna come back. PLEASE CODY!!!!
ok prince charming
I like cartoon Cody! Lol, let's get more videos like this and like the other animated YouTubers like Swoozie (spelling?).
did the guy get his eggs tho
need Noel's reaction!!
Where do I get that McDonalds sweatshirt kelsey was wearing
Cody listening to a ton of peep👏🏼👏🏼
dhar man and gt dave have the same energy
I was a 100% sure Cody would say Chode at least f*ckin once
ho,y production quality wtf
Why does it look like Cody’s moustache is coming out of his nose😂😂😂
Now, that egg? Best actor in the whole thing.
Ohhhh your faces when watching 👀 😍 precious. Death by genuine actions 🎬
damn, im late on this i just put in my notice...
It's really amazing seeing you going out of your comfort zone Incredible job man
HE GAVE YOU A GIFT WHY IS HE ACTUALLY THE NICEST PERSON EVER
wait why is dhar man actually cool as hell
I love this so much!!!!
aw man dhar mann is a really cool guy actually i like him a lot
I can't wait for the next collab video where him and Noel learn how to not be mr struggle from Christen and Bethany
I love how sweet & kind darr has ben. ♡ shows he rly sees this as significant and imp and very self assure!
Heck yea!!
im glad hes so kind, could you imagine if he taught morals and he was an ass
Man, this video brought tears to my eyes. So wholesome and beautiful. Good job, dad
Dhar man just replaced noel miller
AAAAND THATS ALL I DID
I got a Mcdonalds commercial bc of kelseys shirt
This video was actually so well edited, 10/10 for sure
I like Cody's open-mindness. He can change his perspective.
This is so cool for me😄😀😀
From now on I'm just gonna expect Cody to be friends and collab with whomever he make That's Cringe episode on.  Also, I've never realised the reason why the video is the way it is. I'm not a native English speaker either but I am fluent at it so when I saw Dhar Mann's videos for the first time I was like, "Geez, do you really need to repeat your point over and over again??" but after hearing his reasons now I kinda understand why.
Me, a chef: "HE SAID "BEHIND", WHAT ARE YOU? DEAF?"
Kelsey has such a cozy and kind vibe about her She has a nice smile that makes me appreciate human beings, smiling really makes a huge difference to a person's appearance
I was curious so I checked the video on Facebook and it really didn't do well there. I guess there's really a formula on these things, wow.
Cody in the background of his scene just making judging and approving face fucking sends me. It's like imagine it was Pauly Shore doing the same thing in his own written project or Bobby from the Goofy Extreme Movie.
Dhar Man is genuinely seems like a nice man
cody can take a joke he made like dahr mann into a bomb ass video and a new damn video, cody is so legendary
This video had me grinning ear to ear. After all the terrible news of yesterday, this was some much needed wholesome content. Side note: Kelsey is so sweet and every video of her and Cody together always gives such happy energy. <3
as if 2020 wasn't strange enough already - i just got emotional watching a cody ko video
Cody getting old and wise, damn
McDonald's shirt?
Bruh this really taught me a profound lesson...i assumed Dhar Mann was a fake positivity ass hole like Prince EA. But the guy is just as wholesome as he is in his videos..and he really talks like that! It's not just a fake shtick it's who he really is! and now I've learned...that when you assume, you really DO make an ass out of u and me...thank you Cody and Dhar Mann...i will never look at life the same way again.
Missed opportunity to write a story about a struggling tech developer who doesn't have a company
Hahahaha the fist to elbow greeting, that's cringe.
Never knew Cody ko 's video would inspire me lol. But actually... i'm a pre school teacher, studied for 7 years now, finally got a job in a pre-school but only for 4 hours a day, and it's not the best, but it's really hard to get that job here in my country :( so I think this is just a start, next year with more expiriences will get a better one :) yay thanks cody !
The editing is in a next level
Why Kavin looks like his girlfriend 😂😂😂😂?
This could be a series where Cody and Noel make fun of random businessmen and afterwards get to work with them !
cody’s mullet gives me trailer park vibes
Teacher: we need a 15 page essay Me the entire time: 3:30
LOL after he said "are you gonna clean it?" At 13:28 an ad for burger king popped up immediately showing a close up of a burger on a stove and it took me like 3 whole seconds to realize this was an ad and not part of the sketch....i am smol brain
Chadwick Boseman 1977-2020 aka black panther R.I.P
5:09 how many times did they wassup dude LOL
I need Cody Kook merch asap
I'm disappointed I came here to watch a dhar Mann roast
nathan for you vibes
This was dope bro
1:37 what psychopath doesnt use dark mode
damn that was fire lol
jake:  eggs: i'm about to destroy this man's whole career
Okay but actually this one isn't as cheesy as the other ones and they just look more serious and realistic overall so good job y'all, you manage to keep Dhar Man's image the same but with content that's a little more serious
bruh the only thing they serve is eggs
bruh dhar man is actually a sweet guy. getting cody 5m celebration stuff? madness
Oh god when I watched dhar Mann's new video I was shocked dude
i like how cody is actually taking this seriously
Dhar Man giving him a 5M gift 🥺 quality content
18:50 boomer pfp
the animation bit was so cute
Kelsey low-key master Oogway w her subtle advice n input
So... are you going to clean it? *YOUTUBE AD*
What the hell cody, you’ve actually made me learn something from this way to go. Thank you
Always great content thank U Cody Ko 👍
His recommendations have peep🥺
The lesson of this video is not to take other’s jokes seriously when you can turn it into a friendship 😂
when he actually went to film and had production meetings it sunk in that i would be pissing myself if i was cody hdkwk
Me waiting for the Cody and Ajit Pai collab👀
can‘t believe i‘m not seeing a single comment about cody being mr. struggle in this video
Wow I would love to go to a restaurant that serves only eggs and hot water.
im waiting for the girl defined collab
UGH I WANT NOELS REACTION SO BAD
ALL I SAW WAS Mr. struggle dropping eggs
I wonder why they chose the head chefs name as Gordon.
The English is basic for non native speakers and the acting is exaggerated or cheesy because deaf audiences can enjoy it  Me, I am the idiot sandwich
One time I read some comment on how Kelsey looks like a female version of Nash Grier and nothing has ever felt the same since then
Kelsey dropping all the knowledge on Cody! Lol she’s the best
Kelsey ROASTED you man!!
two kings
Cody truly looked as sad as the tattoo artist...
i just quit my job and now i feel dumb
um. whyd id thi s make me cry?
I love this type of content
he’s the nicest person EVER
Bro i saw your vid on his channel it was lit
at this point cody is just roasting the people he wanna work with
7:58 sounds like Cody’s daughter is catching on to the memes
Cody’s line in the sketch was TRASH but gold at the same time
Just when you think it really doesn’t get any better than this, it does
I watched a 5 minute video just to support cody
well if all the people in the world were my puppets, Dhar Mann woulda flipped the script, and veered over to your style of content, instead of you trying out his... . . .
This is cool & funny. Dhar is a cool guy with a sense of humor too, makes me feel guilty for laughing at Codys vids but also glad to see his decency isnt an act. At 16:01 why does Codys shot feel like a comedy green screen insert!? Lmao! Cody you should be proud of this one, look at you all kind & understanding and shit!? Just missing Noel as a character! lol 😂
what app is he using to write the script?
With every video you can just see them falling deeper in love and it’s adorable
How much for the hoodie he flossed gooch with?
kinda disappointed Cody didn't put in frictionless
Dhar mann's surprise vs Jake Paul's surprise are a world apart - that could be your next inspirational sketch
where's the video of the 5 mil surprise?
cody this was a really great and special video and I appreciate it <3
Kelsey went OOOOOFFFFFF , she said you gon learn today .
I love you and your girlfriend. She is super beautiful and your handsome. You both make a very cute couple. I really enjoy watching your videos. Also great trippy dancing at the end of the video. 💖🙀🤯🤩😅
*"did I kill it??!"* "sure, honey."
When she kissed him🥺🥺🥺
no noel 🤨😪
This is so sweet <3
Kelsey is the Dom, obviously.
this is unironically so well done LMAO
Very inspirational but im still quitting my job 😌
*_this video is 20 minutes of Cody roasting himself_*
didnt realize noel was in this video
Any1 know the song that played for the merch drop?? The style sounds so familiar I just can’t quite place it…
You can call me Cody Cook had me dying 😂😂😂
please do girl defined next
So awesome 😎
its weird how codys videos on dhar mann are all 5 months apart    he has the urge to talk about dhar mann every five months he has to do it or there will be hell to pay  and the minimum and maximum of 5 months apart
that’s hilarious
Cody should star in a Dahr Mann video where he bullies someone and they become best friends
Love the merch but that pink hoodie is awful XD....
Literally love this video. Probably one of my favourites from Cody
Dhar mann seems so sweet 😭
Could it also be connected to the fact that this guy is also a part of manscaped?
Cody just being so Canadian with his “I’m so sorry” hahaha I thought that was what he was going to say his little additive was.
Why does Kelsey always look like she's waking up from a 4-hour nap?
Loved the animations 👌🏻
This was a wholesome video! 👍🏻💙
That’s awesome man
This video is amazing
This video made me strangely emotional. Cody helped himself in the process of helping others 🤯
i'm sorry but every shot of the egg on the ground made me laugh so hard bc that's what my sense of humour has become skdfjhsd
This Dhar Mann guy seems like he could go viral facebook. Maybe he should try.
I love this🤩 Good job Cody, keep up the creativity!!
Omg  i love how I laughed at the same time as Cody after seeing that scene
I feel like Noel shouldve been part of this too
WHERE IS NOEL
that was embarrassing bruh
This was awesome Cody love the change of pace this killed it
there is no way there are that many deaf people watching dhar mann’s videos- i..
5 milly content right here!
Big respect for calling the head chef Gordon
Lina you're loved and will be
Petition for a “The Russ Experience” collaboration coming up. Please
is Lele Pons next? She should be
Who said you couldn't teach an old dog new tricks
This is so fking wholesome i love it
a positive outcome of the bobby burns experience we have here huh
This video wasnt that great. Not because its different, but because normally with the different collabs there's some self awareness, and here it's just a no shit video
Cody u r fking awesome
13:28 am i the only one that found the single egg on the ground with the dramatic music absolutely hilarious
Dude! And they got Noel as the lead actor too. That's awesome.
Next, girls define.
I don't know, this is wholesome and everything but.. honestly much less entertaining then any of your videos where you make fun of something stupid.
kelsey's forehead kiss made me melt omg
Actor cody: Im so sorry man ): Desk cody and kelsey: *wheezing* look at that loser
Why isn't anybody talking about how crazy the editing job on this video is? Big ups
Dar is actually a really cool Mann ;)
Kelsey is a queen
Just realized this about the “It’s okay” merch - “okay” is actually “Ko” in pig latin 😳😳🤷🏼‍♂️
This is my favorite part about Cody's content, i love this
Over all tho great message and funny lol patience is something I'm not good at and always comparing my success and others my age and I know that things will come in time
Kelsey strolling in and solving his problem in 0.5 seconds is the best example of those boomer "i'd be useless without my wife" posts in action.
You could’ve clickbaited this so much and people wouldn’t even have been mad.
I have a really important question. Does Dhar Man truły believes in 'changing people's lives' and thats why he uses all this stuff, like really easy English, subtitles (which is cool), or he just wants to make the biggest ranges, reach to bigger audience, to make some coins? Really important, I'm curious
The line “ You’re looking at him” doesn’t just go hard but it reminds you of times like girl defined
Jake is the guy from the shoe store video!
let us all take a moment to appreciate how nice Cody's long hair is. that is all
yooo i actually really like the lil merch promotion video at the end it made me really consider ordering merch to be honest which i dont really do to bad im moving to kelowna from alberta cuz i really do have to be hoarding my dollars just to go move into a one bedroom apartment with my sister😔
This is like when Will Ferrell wrote and directed a lifetime movie
Nobody is commenting about the animation work, I REALLY LOVED IT!  You did a great job @TheRealcornelius
I’m also thinking about quitting my job this video is making me think hard.
This is such a great collab
amazing content here i genuinely am enjoying this so much
Cody is getting Soft
behind
Gaaawd.. Your gf is like that angel from every Christian movie
Cody doing my dish job omfg
I miss Cody’s old videos with Noel. These videos just make Cody seem like a sellout
C a L l   H i M   C o D y   K o O k
Am the only one trying to find Dhar Mann's comment
Just don't end up colabbing with the Christian girls. LOVE THE VID
CUSTOMER : What do you serve??    Cody: Umm.. What about some CUM POWDER???!!!
dope vid bro
I watch dhar man videos unironically
Damn, this sketch really wouldn't have happened without Kelsey❤
hahaha, the merch looks terrible. Great video though.
Make Noel do a solo that’s Cringe on this one and don’t tell him you had anything to do with it other than the cameo
Honestly didn't expect the wholesomeness of this video.
Cody: bUt I KiLlEd iT  Noo... You SAD IT!!
I absolutely loved his attitude and ability to self reflect on himself and his genre. also his willingness to step up and try it for himself. I do love his usual content satirising stupidity but its real refreshing seeing stuff that isn't based around criticism. big thumbs up from me!
this reminds me of my first job where the oldies would pick on me to pick up theirs slack, cover shifts and had me on inconsistent shifts where i would work closing and then have me come in on morning the next day... it was crazy and if i wasn’t so desperate for money at the time i would have just walked out, but i stayed and a couple months later our manager changed. ig this new manager saw all the work i was putting in and promoted me to a higher department. i was finally moved from the front of the store to the back where everyone there was more chill. the oldies in front started talking shit about how unfair it was for me to get such a fast promotion but i wasn’t that mad bc if it wasn’t for them being lazy i wouldn’t have gotten it. and it also just felt really good walking past them and they would try to still have me do what they say like “could you get the mop there’s a spill” and i would just reply back “oh i can’t im busy back there” ahaha.. patience really is a virtue.
I hope Cody grows a mullet I think he’d rock it
okay but never stop doing 'thats cringe'
Dhar Mann is just a good ass person
14:20 did cody just laugh at a joke he wrote himself?
Why cody is using Dharmans motivational music when he's video calling Dharman
Man everyone needs a supportive girlfriend like Kelsey in their life
The merch looks soooo cool
Kelsey treating cody like her son is so cute 😂😂
Noel “ my struggle is a guy who looks at porn in his late ....... YOU r LOOKING AT HIM “
Cody: I’m so sorry man Me Kelsey and Cody: *all bursts into laughter*
Great video Cody
Cody: *staring at a blank page with the cursor blinking*  Me, a writer never relating more: *nods knowingly*
The fact that dhar Mann surprised him for five mil is just so wholesome
How did the actor say “I’m trying to get this bread now” with a straight face????
i love this. i think dhar mann is a bit silly, but seeing why he makes his videos and why he makes them the way he does for his audience was really cool and gave me a good perspective on it. i love when you collab with the people you troll, its always super fun and wholesome. love u cody!
When are you and Kelsey getting married??  *****Like this so he can see it******
I did not want this video to end
When Kelsey sang ✨I am so ready✨ she rly did pop off tho
This is so cool, love the collab and the new type of content from Cody, well done bro!
If I don’t come out of this video inspired, idk anymore Cody
Tbf Dhar Mann is the ultimate professional and he’s not so self absorbed that he can’t laugh at himself
Beginning is hilarious
Kelsey: telling Cody that he’s learning a life lesson about how you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover because writing one was harder than it looked Cody: 👁👄👁
Is it just me, or is Cody using Daar Man editing in this video?
Yo did the customers ever got their eggs on time?
Cody listens to lil peep.. is all i saw :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
This was wholesome
hear me out, "behind!" merch
he has to do a sketch with lele pons next
I actually learned something from this lol
I gotta say, if I wasn't such a fat bastard, I'd buy some of this new merch. It's the first merch I've seen that I would genuinely wear in public.
Yo dharMan is such a nice guy
*Plugs brain dead
Cody Kook actually sounds like a good series for your channel
I love the positively in this video. Dhar Mann is a really chill guy after getting roasted. Meanwhile, someone looks at me funny and I break down for two days...
I feel like some people are sleeping on the animation in this video.
mr.struggle
This is without a doubt the best crossover I've ever seen
This was a big step for you dude, this whole video was really well done, from the edits to the narrating to the animations. Big props dude, explore this more if you enjoyed it.
Love that my man gets in contact with the people he roasts and becomes friends
Kelsey really did puppet master this whole thing. She honestly deserves co-writer credit lol.
Cody sounds like the main rat from ratatouille when he’s voicing over the video
Cody being schooled by Kelsey at 7:50. My favorite part 😂😂😂😂
They’re such a cute couple lol
Love the effort on this video. Way better than the cookie cutter commentaries
I love how your animated wearing a Brain Dead teeeee <3 stan
Great video Cody! Not all people gonna get the bread line tho
Cody what shampoo and conditioner do you use
Noel should make a that's cringe by himself of the video
bruh,su chef,huh?
I wanna be friends with Dharr Man
Kelsey just destroyed his whole YouTube channel with one sentence! 😂 nice one Kelse!
6:50. I live for that moment XD
I really want Joinen to react to this lol
Wow dhar man is actually epic
Love when Cody rips on someone then goes and meets them
Yo is Cody the new Shane Yaw?? These documentaries are tuff
What a nice guyyy
it's still cringe lmao
Kelsey is such an old soul!!
CODY COOK can be new merch !!!!
CODY *K O O K*
kelsey:.. and you do them yourself and you’re struggling.   😐 cody?? or mr struggle
I wish at the end Cody would’ve said “clean my fucking eggs server bitch!”
Wait, WHERE’S THE HAIR NET?
Wonderful video❤️ Cody dishing out great content.
As somebody doing hotel management, looking at Cody write "su chef" instead of "sous chef" was so triggering 😂
Cody I will pay you double for the hoodie you used between your legs at the end of the video.
Bro forget Cody and Noel now its cody and DHAR MANNN
Cody is too good lookin for his gf l. Bruh like her smile is as wide as the grand canyon
I love to see when Cody dives into the sort of stuff people on that’s cringe and etc. really do. It’s interesting to see the process of what these people, who I find ridiculous, decide to do with their somewhat strange/ cringy ideas they want to display on the internet. This is something I would really like to see Cody do more of as it adds more variety to his channel and makes it different from other ones that do commentary. It also shows that Cody knows these dudes are real normal people, but is still fascinated with them just like us. Cody’s hilarious comments on stuff like this is really fun to watch while we also notice that his discernment, respect, and willingness to be vulnerable (in order to be truly apart of these things) also show he’s a well rounded dude and learn that that’s why he never comes off as an asshole, but instead is the best youtuber on the platform. Props to Kelsey too with some strong advice for the skit lol 👌.
why is this making me cry
bro dhar man is a nice dude
Call me Cody Cook got my ass
when jake comes back to kevin it reads like a romantic comedy. are they gonna kiss rn 😳👉👈
Yo now make a thats gringe video on this with noel, go full circle.
heyyy whats up man whats up dude whats up bro
Kelsey is ruthless lmao
mcdonald
Yeah, yeah, the video is great, BUT WHAT'S WITH ALL THE GODDAMN ADS?
0:48 Cody listens to peep I love him even more now
I hate you cody and your perfect hair
That McDonald’s shirt tho - got me feelin some things
cody is more inspirational than he thinks he is
Great vid
come on production QUALITY
do this with girl defined
feels like i was on acid for the merch ad
Wtf that sketch was actually really good
This was so fucking good great job!
ok but the animation tho
i stan this direction of your content chodes!!!
Woke: Sous chef  Broke: *SU CHEF*
Noel should've been in this😔
So Cody is a painter, actor, writer, rapper, youtuber and short king. Big dick dude
I was watching the scene at 13:32 and I was waiting for decisions to pop up to ask if I should pick the egg up or don't pick it up.
the eggs hit the floor and said *splat* he made me almost choke on my m&ms.
I want to see Noel's reaction to this😂
why the fuck wasnt noel in this
DHAR MANN
Jake is delusional. How can you think you’re going to be head chef if you can’t cook eggs? Lmao
*behind*
Aw this was sweet
dhar mann actually seems like such a sweetheart. :")
He was a server and then a YEAR  later became a cook
mad love for you man this video only proves how awesome you are and willing you are to try new things... so proud!! and kelsey please join in regularly! freaking bonusss
I haven't watched the sketch yet, but I wanted to say 1. The editing and production quality was awesome. 2. I'm just plain excited to watch the final cut after typing this lol 3. The fact that you willingly will look at things from a different perspective is motivating. I mean honestly your Dhar Mann triology could be a Dhar Mann sketch on its own. This was awesome!!!
Lil peep!!!!
So what you’re saying is you’re gonna be posting more than once a week?🤯
This vid is VERY amusing
Aww the actor who played the patient guy is such perfect casting!
not gonna lie, the enitre time I did not know the chef was Cody Ko
Shoutout to whoever animated the script read throughs. Quality job
I love that anyone who gets roasted by Cody and Noel end up loving it and thinking it’s hilarious.
Like if Kelsey>Cody
Cody you’re comedy has helped me through some tough times, and seeing this wholesome content man.. it made my day
Yet again another person I have to subscribe to after befriending the short king
AHA He named the antagonist “Jake”.
The guy who played Cody’s performance was really brilliant. Especially when he said “I’m so sorry, man”.
Cody, you and Kelsey are the best. Thanks for being you 💚
“behind”
Wait was the whole dhar Mann arc just one of his videos talking about how you shouldn’t judge someone before seeing things from their perspective
There's an annoying title on the newest of Dar man's videos... "Protester Wants To "Fire All Cops", She Instantly Regrets Her Decision" 🙄🙄🙄
cody this is so sweet and wholesome! it’s great to see a content creator i like be willing to see things from a different perspective and change things up. love it!!
DARMAN
RIP Chadwick Boseman.
0:04 that was the fakest laugh
thats character development
This was the best video I've seen in ages, props to the DHARR™ for being such a good sport
Laaals
Dying from laughter! Keep it up bro!
was going to drop out but now i probably won't
Dude, I HAVE to know where to get that turquoise cap Cody wears at the end
That outro was next level
The fact he gave you a gift for getting five million subs is actually pretty sweet
Lmao I love Kelsey haha
Noel would’ve played a PERFECT chef
Now give us video featuring Dre Drexler, Cody
Yeah anyway i just came here to see which comment got how many likes ; as cody videos are popular.... Except the fact that Danny and DREW are just like him.... 😂
im only at 9:45 and this is already worth the wait happy 5M
This is one of the most amazing yt videos I have watched in my 20 years of my existence
Definitely your best video so far
Hahahaha i was dying 🤣🤣
“Yes what’s up dude”?                                       “Hey what’s up dude”?                                      “Hey what’s up dude”?                                      “How have you been”?                                          *Neither of  them find out how the other is doing*
Loved this
screaming
I love and respect Dahr Mann so much more lmaooo this guy is the definition of taking a joke well
Would love it if Noel did a that's cringe type video about it
Really great video Cody but THE ADS OMG
Am I the only one who thought kelsey wanted to laugh throughout the whole movie
dhar man AHHHHHHHHH
I like the different editing style
Hey YouTube, since Shane Dawson’s cancelled how bout we give Cody a show
Bro y is grampa talking about cooking eggs
I feel like a small cynical part of me died watching this
I LAUGHED OUT LOUD WHEN I SAW CODY OMG
Who made the animations????
nice video man i can tell you can put time into your video and success takes time
Just have to say, a head chef would not talk like that, a head chef would not be nice about it and try to teach him in a nice way. In my experience he probably would have just booted him out the door after his first little talk back.
C'mon making eggs doesn't take that much time😂
I legit just quit my job
mans got scolded
i really felt the pain in that sorry
Dhar mann 2020
I saw a graphic designer job for Dhar Mann on Indeed… we have a chance to make change from the inside…
Wow the friendship we didn't know we needed 🤙🏼
The chef being named Gordon is the funniest thing
I'm glad that he's flipping it and making it positive, it's always good to questions content and its fun to make jokes out of it but think at this point of the year *we needed this*
Cody and kelsey are pro together, that's something we should learn from. It doesn't happen quite often...
How i love Kelsey in a McDonald's sweater.
8:27 Cody why?
Kelsey coming in with the subtle girlfriend “Yes. I KNOW you, better than you know you” roast.
I loved it!!!!
cody listenin to peep tho
“su” chef
I love the recurring theme of making fun of people then meeting them in real life and so far they've all turned out pretty cool and entertaining
Dhar Mann actually seems chill af
Ratatouille Beta 1.0
They really for Sergio Aguero for this too... damn
I want a McDonald's crew neck
At the end it says 100% real merch- why did that make my laugh so hard like what does that even mean
Bro why does Cody get along with everyone he roasts?! First it was Tai Lopez, then it was GT Dave, then Matty Smokes, and now Dharr Mann! And I bet there are many more I'm forgetting about! Cody is just a loveable, chill guy.
*Jake is being Mr.Struggle*
kelsey is so wise
This is wholesome on so many levels, genuinely one of his best videos in my opinion! also 11:56 is so pure
Su Chef ≠ Sous Chef
Cody really can get anyone for his videos nowadays 😂
Why do I love this so damn much.
OK BUT THIS VIDEO IS EDITED SO WELL
The impatient cook is a different actor, after Cody bumps into him.
cody making new friends by first roasting them
The Dhar Mann meta is making my head spin with Russian nesting dolls of life lessons
Did not expect this lol
Wow he’s actually a super genuine guy. I’m impressed By his Manor.
aww kelsey looks so proud of cody this melts my heart
As a 100% straight man I need to say something.... Cody you are looking insanely hot
Did anyone else get Bakugo vibes from Jake and Midoriya vibes from Kevin?
Watching Cody act was too cringy.. like I was getting goosebumps.. but great work for him..
*Cody Cook*
Saw peep in the begging ♥️♥️♥️
the guy who played cody kinda looks like cody ko
i am genuinely watchigg this drukn as fuck and. Iknow you;ll appreciate yhis comment so ma´zel tough or whateve rlol
I saw that Lil Peep thumbnail
You can tell how enthusiastic cody was while reacting to it
Cody is the asshole chad that makes everything worse for the protagonist in every story
I loved this video. As much as I like your usual content, this is a nice, mature, wholesome learning experience to watch.
“Not so good... things haven’t really planned out the way I’d hoped...”  “...it’s just these GOTDAMN EGGS!!! I can’t keep them in the pan!!!”  “Either, somebody bumps into me, or, I burn myself. Because, I just refuse to learn from my mistakes and cook on low heat!!!”  “You know what they say... When the going gets tough, you quit your job... amiright?!?”  😂🤣😂
👏🏻 👏🏻 👏🏻
Cody learned not to judge a Dear by his Mann
i love this thank you for making today better <3 also sick merch
Why does Kevin look like Kelsey?
I’m hella high and I skipped to when the sketch started. Yo, when Cody popped up. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Best Gift for the Subscribers at 5 Million. 😇   I Loved it cause you learned something and a usefull msg.😊
I’m so confused but appeased by this style of video
Okay legit such a good dhar mann vid
sad Cody is a meme now, make it happen
I love the Kelsey Vibes baybeeee
B E H I N D ✨✨
CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT CODY
Dhar Mann asking if Cody was moving was my favorite part.
Imagine following dhar Mann without seeing this video and just all of a sudden seeing Cody appear in an episode
What a good video concept
Jake Manley?!?!?
He also just so happens to be convicted of 10+ felonies
10:52 wink wink if u know what i mean
I'm gonna be honest, I enjoyed the video but parts of it kinda rubbed me the wrong way. I'm starting to feel like when people you've done videos on reach out to you, you kinda take back things you've said and suck up to them. I feel you can stand by things you've said without being an asshole. That five million surprise from Dhar Mann was sweet though.   I did enjoy the sketch though, particularly I liked the guy learning his lesson in the end and trying to improve, instead of the typical "Ha the bad guy is still bad and their life is ruined!"
This was so inspirational, I'm gonna learn from Cody's example and make chefs drop their eggs so that they will learn life lessons.
Kelsey played us all and turned the whole  video into a dhar Mann sketch 😂
This was touching. Proud of you Cody 😎👏
anyone else notice the peep playlists?🥰😎🧎‍♀️🏌️
Waiting for noelle saying "what the hell why is cody back there!!"
This might be a top 5 vid ever, holy fuck the dedication to every detail Unreal
Love the positive video. Good content
I don't know man, this was just so wholesome. Never expected Cody to collab with Dhar Mann. Not gonna lie, I lowkey realised dank humour and comedy is good but sometimes we gotta see things with a change of perspective.
Woah why’d the editing get so good
Jake: So do you think I could get a job here as a cook again?  Kevin: no ❤️
yo who edited this video, shit’s nice ha
No way kelsey didn’t orchestrate this I watched it for the 2nd time and the way she talks in the beginning sounds like she knows how this is going to end
*su chef*
Im not complaining but anyone else notice how different his last couple vids have been   Idk the editing and style throwin me off
Sometimes 2020 doesn’t feel so bad. This is one of those times. Damn wholesome.
exactly kelsey drag him queen
So is Cody just gonna do a that's cringe on someone whenever he wants to collab with them now?
Jesus. What a class act than man is. Really unexpected. I really expected him to mad sleazy.
Awww, he seems like such a genuine guy. I'm glad he had a good sense of humor and was cool about the whole thing  ❤❤❤
Protect Kelsey at all costs. ❤
This is the worst video I’ve ever seen five stars
“Su Chef”
dhar mann is hot
Can we just stop one second to admire all the work out into this video including the animation👏🏼
cody GOT FAT
Absolutely love this video lolololol
rip chadwick boseman 2020 ❤️🙏🙏
I'm really proud of Cody for this one. our old man is growin' up
yo noel has write a script now
"DHAR MAN AAAAAHHHHHHH" -noel miller
I’ve been watching your videos since the beginning and imo this is your best one yet,, good shit my guy
This has to be the ‘sweetest’ comedy video i have seen.
Imagine if Cody met the chick who played the rich girl from the hills.
I love that for the casting options at 18:06 they even put Cody's headshot at the bottom
Dhar Mann is truly an awesome person.  I'm glad Cody got humbled by working with him. I hope they stay good friends.
Loved this video
I love Cody oml this is why I stan him
Nice shirt I have a gt shirt Too
AAAAAAAAAAH
Someone send this to Tom Segura and your moms house ASAP
Honestly Dhar Mann seemed like such a chill dude in this video. Happy to get a new perspective
Cody looks more and more like Brad Pitt everyday and is slowly approaching his 70’s-
I wish I could like this twice
I think the only logical next step would be to make “behind” merch
DHARRRRRRR MANNNNNN
You should write a sketch on judging a book by its cover
man I would kill to see cody with a mullet
I have the first name of girl defined and the last name of this dude. I am the epitome of a that’s cringe video.
His merch is actually merch I would buy! That Kelsey footage was adorable.
Cody's long hair actually looks really good and suits his face! Too bad he wears a hat almost every time he's on camera despite the fact it makes him look like he's going through something emotionally.
this is SUCH A COOL VIDEO
Lmao he made 'Jake' the antagonist
Kelsey going to be using this video in her lesson plans.
Can we just appreciate how Cody spelt sous-chef as su-chef
Not the netflix movie intro
cody's come so farrrrrrrrrr
We're not just telling stories, we are changing lives ✌classic
Can Cody and Kelsey please adopt me!!!! 😩
I had a huge smile watching this whole video dude
DHAR MANN!!! AAAAAAAAAAH!!!
I was submitting for roles on Actors Access and there was a role I was about to submit to. And I look at who was doing the project and it said Dhar Mann LMAO I kinda sorta died
I’m so sorry man 😔
what the fawk is going on
Cody ko: the wholesome experience
That was actually really good, props to you Cody
Love how Cody takes a jab at creatives and then befriends them a couple of months later
Cody Kook.
this is a great video. good job, cody
That's how you can tell that despite all the jokes and such you're still humble. You only wrote yourself a single line, a single word. Actually rather enjoyed that one.
I see what you did there Code-ster 😉
Kevin and Jake look like a discount Cody and Noel
absolutely frictionless, amazing, 100/10
I want a hoodie that says B E H I N D
in all seriousness i was thinking about quitting grad school cause its just too hard but after watching this I'm gonna stick with it hahahaha thanks cody 🤗
cody really out here makin movies and shit now
750k views in under a day bro not bad
"I'm so sorry man" holy fuck I'm crying and coughing and shitting and cackling rn I can't fucking stop
@noel miller
Codys hair makes him looks like a teenage boy who has 8k on tik tok
Mrs. SUE CHEF
Cody I though u said sorry in like a sarcastic way.
Cody is the next mark Wahlberg. No seriously put those 2 in a movie together, they wont disappoint
This video taught me that production isn’t always frictionless
These people are always so nice irl even if they are a little cheesy in their videos. Remember kombucha guy? Lol
Cody I love you but if you put one more god damn add I'm going to lose it. get that bread and all but please I'm begging you stop
Yeah this is great🙂💛
Cody how is half your mercy already sold out in most sizes it’s only been a couple hours😭😭
DHAR MANN!!!!!
Where’s more that’s cringe bro
love it
Yes
More like Mr.struggle
No one:   Absolutely no one:   Cody: making everyone's quarantine a million times better
I love how supportive Kelsey is! She’s so sweet
Fucking iconic
This was fun, like it was still just as dreadful as the normal cheesy videos but I spose you can get an appreciation that without any training in writing and production this would be hard to do successfully. Still cringe, but you can’t say it doesn’t have a little bit of heart
ur editing skills are impeccable
Did he really just spell “sioux chef” as “su chef”
the way cody said his line was so 𝗳𝗿𝗶𝗰𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻𝗹𝗲𝘀𝘀.
11:08 Hmm yes  my favourite soup water
Cody, you aren’t a 14 year old tik tok boy.... cut your hair
I wanna see Noel roast the crap out of Cody’s sketch
I love this collab
Nooooooooooo you gave me the warm fuzzies!!  I don't know how to process this feeling ... I think it's... kinda satisfying. I love that you chose to try and understand him with an open mind, and he handed what he saw as being misjudged by just having a conversation. Gaaah what's happening to me!!
I noticed that the editing in this video was very different than your others. I REALLY enjoyed it!!! It was a different side of your content that I really appreciated. You and James did such a great job!!! I hope to see more videos like this in the future!!
They’re all super chill and Cody I love this vibe keep it up! But you still should make “Thats cringe” but about actual cringe stuff.
my mom was watching him earlier-
I’ve been watching Cody since his vlog days and some how he continues to improve and make his content even better the bigger his channel gets  Not too shabby for a senior citizen
By far your best video you've ever posted on any platform.
Peep appreciation
Ur so short
"Avengers: Endgame is the best cross-ove..."  *Dhar Mann and Cody Ko*
A real chef would fire you immediately wtf is this XD
I genuinely smiled through this whole video.
"Jake, you can't cook eggs on high heat."  I had to pause because I couldn't hear it over my laughter
Love the new video style, also shoustout Jasper
Cody did well with this. I could the pure pain in Cody's one liner.😂👍
11:10 damn Kevin is always putting in the hard work and becoming successful. Isn’t he the one who got dissed by the gold digger only to become a millionaire? Wow I really learned something today about hard work and dedication . Thanks, Dharman😂
Wow! That was unexpected. I’m a huge fan of Yours, and it was really humanizing to see a comedian who rips dhar man show a humbled nature writing the video, and you learned a lesson from him on respecting someone else’s work! Super nice of dhar man to collaborate, and great job writing Cody! You should write the coma video tho
The “that’s cringe” turned friendship and collaboration trend we’ve gotten from Matty, GT, and now Dharr Man is just the best😂 elite content right there
I was hoping a story of a LITTLE background tech developer.
Cody became the cringed.
A colab with Dhar Mann. 2020 is going just how we all expected
IDEA By Kelsey  P.S I love Kelsey
As someone whose worked years in hospitality, that behind bit and seeing the chef going from job to job hits home! 😂😂 seen a lot of people like Jake.
it's crazy how the whole idea stemmed from Kelsey and not Cody😂
hehe when he has braincells and wears a mask
Cody has a great voice for narrating. I wish he would tell more stories from his travels or read more fan fiction
*BEHIND*
cody is one of the youtubers that can genuinely make me laugh and this video was just another addition to it. honestly though i think it’s cool how dhar man making a vid with cody. bug power move their
New content is good dude, love the be stuff
How I met your father type of experience 😂😂
loved this video
Cody my job just got destroyed by Hurricane Laura, don’t tempt me with that FINE ass merch🥺😍 also I think the thing that brightens my day the most is seeing someone Cody pokes fun at understanding it’s all in good fun and enjoying themselves with the man.
i would’ve never seen this coming and it’s amazing
Dhar man 🖤
I wanna give Cody an intense but gentle with love slap to the ass but a love slap tho y’all feel me
Yooo cody rockin the KITH nice style man
First the mustache now the hair🤦‍♂️
Just rinse the eggs off. Boom problem solved
Wow What a great video
Cody would be perfect in those hallmark Christmas movies... just saying
My friend actually went from being a bus boy to being a chef
Dahr man a beauty love this guy
I really like that you decided to work and build something up
you don’t talk with him too long he’ll steal Kelsey
That's very nice of you and Dhar Mann to have done that. Very nice fun comedy, trolling, but no one is mad, we'll just having a laugh!!!! Good job!
ok so he spelled sous chef like 'su' and it makes me feel really bad as a person who wants to go into culinary industry
The editing in this video is absolutely amazing! Next level! Love it 🥰
This is what i needed today
DHARRRMANDDERRR
Now answering all phone calls with "YES!"
KELSEY IS ALL KNOWING
why TF did this make me cry
im just waiting for noels reaction
Tbh, I'm really glad that I found your channel Cody 👏👏
Cody, pretend ur writing a wattpad
👏🏼👏🏼🥺🥺
Dhar Mann actually seems like such a cool guy. i love it when people don't get offended by your videos and actually enjoy them
Kelsey be teaching lessons
7:48 Kelsey you're just gonna destroy my man's whole YouTube career just like that hnn? While being therapeutic,my god.
21 minutes of puking. Please dont do this humbling shit again. Pure Dumpster Fire
I was in the middle of class and I saw the notification on my phone I soon as I saw the title I just screamed dahr man ahhh
Dhar Mann seems like a really cool/nice guy. Cool video!
Congrats cody!
Dhar man can be my dad
The new merch looks sick dude.
It was the kelsey and cody laughing at his line, her being super supportive, for me
What I learned from this was, Kelsey is the secret mastermind behind all your work
This is legitimately one of the best videos cody has ever done
i want to see more Kelsey!!
i could think of soo many reddit meme's looking cody ko's sad face
This is so wholesome
I'd take a sequel to this over another Dhar Mann roast any day
Honestly one of your best videos and theres so many❤️ stay happy humble, i love your content.
no more fake friends             dude so funny
I actually like his videos🙈
Dahr Mann chill just like GT Dave
When you said awesome your inner Canadian came out
"Su chef"
OK CODY, love the editing in this video
best video by cody ko ever
I KNEW SOME SHIT WAS GOING ON WHEN I SAW HIM UPLOAD THIS ON TIKTOK AND NOBODY SAID SHIT AB THE FACT THAT YOU WERE IN IT HAHAHAHA
you missed the SO YOU SEE thats in EVERY video!!!
This is the cutest video ever. Also, the storytelling is fire. And the sketch is aight. There’s your comment section bj
Commentary YouTuber rips into channel and you will be shocked what happens next
Holy shit...this was wholesome af....Really cool to hear Dhar Mans views to about his videos and content creators coming together.
who's hereafter Dhar Mann's channel
when she said “patience is a virtue” I thought of the mummy movie lmfao
This is the coolest shit ever
It’s a new wave in Cody’s channel
This saved 2020 for me
why did I laugh soooo hard during Cody’s cameo as if I was there with them😭😭😭
This feels a little like swoozie with the animations
Maybe the real treasure was the *_"DHAR MANN!!"_* we made along the way
this was so good :’)
Kelsey's face when Cody was hyping up her idea was so precious omg
Shit i just realised in his studio those arent black blinds but the foam stuff.
Man when Cody kept saying he was working on a video, I was just thinking it would be a song or something. But this really was his best video, with the animations and everything. Nice work Cody 👏🏻👍🏻
SAD CODY SAD CODY SAD CODY SAD CODY SAD CODY SAD CODYSAD CODY SAD CODY
For how much you ragged on him, he was chill and gave a clear explanation of why the content may seem childish to native English speakers. Mad respect for DHARRR MAN!
Don’t know why. But I am so inspired by him doing this. It takes a lot to delve into a world that that you criticized and place yourself inside their shoes. To learn their experience and perspective fully knowing what you’ve said about them. You need a lot of courage for that. I think this is a great development of his character and I think our world needs a little more of stuff like this.
"I'm so sorry man"  HSSJNAIAHBWVCRQE5SVBOPOZM I CANTTTT
Positive mental attitude
i am very gay but i think i'm in love with Kelsey
this really reminded me of how drake and future just need to go back to that watts era of making dark moody trap music made for late night drives around atlanta while you’re sipping on a cup of lean, you know?
this was so cute and wholesome
Kevin: why dont we get you started. Jake: i cant wait
Who bought grandpa a Kith shirt? Old man got drip
boutta cop some MERCH real quick brb
next collab: girl defined
How funny would it be if Darh Man made a video making fun of Cody’s sketch? 😂🤣
Ok not that anyone will care but one of the 5 mil gifts was Mr Black coffee liqueur which is so! Fucking!  Good. Everyone needs it. Also he gifted him post malone's rose which I think is so funny cause him and cody are buds
Now this is the content I subscribed for
Weirdly enough I actually needed that motivation video 😂
That was awesome!!
Best video of forever
Can you make another inspirational video but with the real bros of simi....
5:10 DHAR MANN, OOOOHHHHHHH
"...on camera!" 😏
Only Noel can do the “DHARR MANN OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHH” Right, let’s face it
I know damn well that every single person who clicked on this video expected a that’s cringe
Every aspect of this video is just perfect, even the plug at the end. I love watching you grow as a person and seeing how your content evolves.
You shoulda wrote a sketch about bullying where an internet star roasts this dude for vaping but then they become homies in the end
Please be a regular actor in these videos
Rip peep ❤️
I genuinely liked the video. It was interesting to watch Cody put in the hours with the people who’s videos he’s trashed. Overall, great job
ARE YOU SIMPING TO DARRRRR MANNNNNN EUUUUUUUUUUUU WHAT THE FUUUUUUUUU
How much for the shirt Cody fucked at the end?
0:48 lil peep?
the fact he has dhar manns PHONE NUMBER kills me
Puppet master 💀
THIS VIDEO MADE MY GODDAMN WEEK
I am legitimately so proud of cody, my boys all grown up now. Lol. No but seriously Cody I see a light in your life
I couldn’t stop smiling the whole time
The last thing Cody needs to check off is a kid boom perfect dad
Kelsey throwing shade at Cody
20:44 best shot of the vid
Lmao you really went and named that chef Gordon
anybody know what kind of dog she’s holding at 4:53 ?
Im offended that noel is not in this video
Holy shit i know dhar mann proved to be a great guy and an actually working man But kelsey has to be the best inspiration and guide right here Gave him the idea Helped him with the script Made him realize the lesson He himself was learning And then react to the thing with him I mean SHE’s GOALS
I have some comedy gold of a sketch or song that seems to fit your style. I can send you a comedy song if you’d like
“Hey what’s up man” “Hey what’s up dude” “Hey what’s up bro” Excellent video!
No one's gonna talk about the obviously new editing style, like the animation and shit?! Go off king
Y’all better give the Man some merch
Dhar Man and GT Dave are the most wholesome people you've roasted  Edit: and Matty f*ckin Smokes
this made me really happy lol
Oh my god
AHHH THIS IS SO GOOD I REMEMBER U SAYING U HAD A LINGER VIDEO THAT U HAD BEEN WORKING ON AND I MISSED UR CONTENT SM OMG THIS IS SO GOOD
Damn this vid has a lot of likes
Cody bro your hair looks disgusting
#KelseyKnew
This is one of the most beautiful and wholesome videos ever, thank you so much, I needed this
“Are you gonna clean it?” *15 second unskippable ad* NOOOOOO THE SUSPENSE
So that's why he kept dropping an egg
Cody is STRUGGLING to make a script!?!?!  sounds like mr struggle
wait KEVIN USED TO BE NAMED PAUL (pause at 8:14)   the SHADE 😂
I love this character development 🥺🧡
this feels like an SNL skit and when cody comes in there is a laugh track
Dhar Mann must be the most hospitable person on earth
I’ve been waiting so long for another Dar Mann video
Chefs kiss
Wait wtf I didn’t think it was gonna be that good
I laughed, I cried, I said “behind”
You guys are such a great couple! 4:18 Wait, not there -- 18:59 There we go!
Cody this whole video is great. The editing the cartoons, all of it. It’s like a little documentary. I really really enjoyed this. Had a terrible day so thanks for making this for everyone to watch. This was so interesting lol....
This shit is funny as fuck
Moral of the story: Protect Kelsey at al costs and it's ok to make fun of yourself
Lmfao this video was good I laughed so hard at the Facebook comments , and the end how low key dar Han roasting Cody
You actually killed it wow
Chile in the back🥰
Awesome
*DHAR MAN*
since when did you listen to lil peep😳
Can’t wait to see this on Facebook
The whole time I was looking at his hoodie trying to read it cause I wanted one- then he said new merch. So imma just have to get some😌
Where is uncle Noel?
I love Kelsey so much. She is the reason Cody hasn't turned into a chode. I mean I love Cody but the signs were there.  Love you wholesome bunch of people <3
After this we can all respect Dhar Mann
cody: "i've never had to write anything serious in my life."  me hoping he hasn't forgotten his song knock it off with noel :0
okay but CODY'S HAIR HELLO
Kelsey being a preschool teacher jumped out in this vid
*starts facetime* Dhar Man: What’s up Cody: what’s up Dhar Man: what’s up Cody: How are you
That was so good! Its cool that u did this. I loved the meh-ssage 😆
Whoever did this animation, it is amazing
13:30 Cody’s pausing, the commercials, and then the extra intense music in the background WHAT HAPPENED?
The flow do be fire tho
i <3 Dhar Mann
This is an incredible video. Insightful, interesting, creative, funny and somehow a little self-deprecating.   Cody Boy has evolved into a Cody Mann.
Kelsey looks like a fallen angel in that fit
Yeah nice that Cody wrote something or whatever but I’m super proud of Kevin
Cody’s satisfaction at 10:30
Well, I have no goddam idea what the merch looks like
Holy shit Dharr Man is fucking wholesome
Would love to take a deep dive into your writing process and expertise, Cody. You're a screenwriting god.
i‘m still waiting for a new that‘s cringe video😔✌️
Dhar Mann's a good dude, a very good dude, who makes shitty sketches
Me watching this after threatening to quit my job at a restaurant 👁👄👁
Tom Segura making fun of these videos was better
I love the editing on this video so much, the animations are so fucking cool
This video is so wholesome and I actually really like it. I mean Anton Ego from ratatoullie said it well "In many ways, the work of a critic is easy. We risk very little, yet enjoy a position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment. We thrive on negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read. But the bitter truth we critics must face is that, in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful than our criticism designating it so."
Scene two take TWENTY SIX?
I really liked those animated segments, something about them was really aesthetically pleasing and worked really well for this video
Cody you should react to some of your vines on this channel or your second
DID YOU POUND HIS ELBOW
this is legendary like go off
I've been dealing with some college issues and this actually helped me think over what I'm going to do  Thank you so much Cody and Dhar mann
"The bitter truth we critics must face is that, in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is more meaningful than our criticism designating it so." – Anton Ego from Ratatouille
this video is a video about "don't judge someone until you've walked in their shoes" about "patience is virtue" lmao soo deep on multiple levels 🤪😂💘
this was good asl
he would pick an actor that looks like noel miller hahahahahh
DHAR MAN🤠 Cody this type of video was refreshing love it
The funniest part is Kelsey singing “I am so readyyyy” at 9:55
"here that is."
this video is so wholesome. and its cute as shit that they celebrated cody getting to 5 mil subs despite his previous making fun of them
Kelsey needs to write the next one. She's the real genius here.
I am terribly sad about the passing of Chadwick but this made me smile and laugh. Thanks Cody (:
7:18💀I’m weak
This is the fucking greatest.
Loved this
lil peep on the home youtube page i like it
To this day, that person is still waiting for their eggs.
It would have been mad funny if the second you met up with Dhar Man and his crew they just started beating your ass for making fun of there videos.
Dharr Mann are great ngl Just the way, he deliv
Two of my favorite people🤗
It’d be cool to have commentary channels comment and review things they enjoy recommendations to their community
He looks so much like Mike Shinoda oh my god
Aw this is wholesome
im good mann. me too :)
Frickin Dhar Mann Is Back!
Well that guy’s wrong, i bet there’s a ton of people here that speak english as his second language
*i ADORE this video*
I'm watching this high and when Kelsey walked in with the McDonalds sweatshirt on, I got MAD munchies so I legit got up and left to get some McDank fries. They are delicious. Thank you.
"Later, she gets into a car accident and goes into a coma - Yes, I took this 'emotional weight' thing very seriously"  I CAN'T -  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Guys Dhar Mann hearted my comment so I am soooooo happy
genuinely showed cody working in such a different environment and a different perspective this was so great to watch!!!
Dhar Mann is DEFINITELY TikTok'd. He does not follow proto.
Cody's Canadian is showing with that draft date 4:33
I couldn't stop thinking: the whole time the dialogue is going on, some poor sucker is waiting for their eggs.
What’s up with this editing i feel like I’m watching Ferris buelers day off😂😂😂
Your girlfriend kind of looks like my aunt.
DHAR MANN *OOOOOOHHHHHHHH*
12:51 supportive gf for tha win
The egg spilling guy when he has to wait to get a promotion: 19:57
Kelsey is constantly walking the line between being super supportive and incredibly irritated by cody
didn't know tf blade was an actor
i love this
Not gonna lie you should’ve watched this with Noel
This is so wholesome, my heart is happy ❤️☺️
Can you make more that’s cringe videos
Haha kody simping for dahrman
Mr. Mann does put a surprising amount of thought into his videos 😃 I’m impressed.
Came for the laughs, left with life lessons and love for everybody involved. May the wholesome king that is Cody Ko reign for a long time
Cody you look 10 years younger with longer hair
You’re telling me Jake isn’t Noel 💀🤣
This right here is why I like Cody as a person. Anyone else would just hide in their room and try to avoid the potential conflict, but Cody faces it head on and then becomes friends with the people he’s making fun of. Awesome
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
This is wholesome AF ☺️
This awesome bro
I mean honestly I never hated the guys skits. We’re they corny and funny? Absolutely but was the message real? Clearly and was it meant for everyone? Yep. Respect also funny as video haha.
this was so wholesome holy cats
Sell out.
so can we expect another one in 5 more months?
First 10 hours          100k likes
Never thought I’d see Cody doing this
7:45 i thought she was gonna insult everything about him
the editing of this video is just *mwah*
Really uppin’ the qual of these vids C
This is a masterpiece
I am loving the theme of you working with people you roasted for "that's cringe"
its the incorrect spelling of sous chef for me
What happened to Noel?
This is the first comment I’ve ever left on YouTube and I doubt you’ll see it ever see it, Cody. I’m just honestly proud of the production value of this video, and it really looks like you’re enjoying it. Very happy that you’re doing so well on YouTube and I’m actually laughing out loud
We all need to take our circumstances like how these men handle that’s cringe: in confidence and in stride
This shit is fire 🔥🔥     Kinda
2020 is seriously messed up. Jesus
As cool as this is PLEASE don’t stop making fun of dhar manns videos
wow can't wait to watch
5:10 they said what's up 5 times in a row without answering it. that's gotta be a record
It's only missing Noel 😔
Kelsey and Cody are so fucking cute
Yesssssssss thank fuck the mustache is gone!!!!
gordon ramsay
mad respect for Cody and the Dhar
Chadwick Boseman died today
I love your and Kelsey’s proud parent moments. Lol 😂 ❤️
dam cody great video man
Me, a French Canadian bilingual aspiring interpreter:  *reads Cody's text* Me: wait, what does S. U. Chef mean? *puts self into an English native speaker mindset* Oh gosh, Cody it's SOUS-CHEF 😂😂😂
8:28 #codykovid
I had a grin on my face for the whole of this video. This is why Cody is my favourite Youtuber.
4:40 What’s a ‘SU’ chef? Is that shorthand for Sous Chef?
cody: i cant believe i’m writing down something serious i’ve never done that  *names the chef jake*
very big PP video
where’s the next cringe
This video cured me. Idk what I was ill with but that shit gone.
The new Shane Dawson has arisen
POG
aw this is so wholesome I love it
This made me smile big
Cody should make a video with every guy he made fun of.
other YouTubers make commentary videos about people and then get in a big beef, Cody makes a comedy commentary, roast the people to the moon and back and then after all that become bffs with said people. I love it
DHAR MANNNN!!!!!!!!
I'm sorry did Cody really wrote sous chef as su chef
Cody: Graduated from a prestigious university  Also Cody: "I wrote four pages and it was really difficult."
su chef
i wanted Cody to just take a cooked egg out of his pocket and throw it on the ground, then look at the guy and say "clean it up"
Lotta growth here
New editor?
didn't watch at first. Then reclicked. worth it
DHAR MANN
Darr man is a giant
I seen this and I was hella confused 😂😂
Hear me out...  an egg button for all of Cody’s videos from now on
we told her to buckle up :(
Love how Jake was the only one to ever be offended by any of Cody’s videos
This is so wholesome I can't even handle it. :3
Dhar Mann just made Cody yell out his name. Such a Dhar Mann move, brother.
He included Deaf people?? Mad Respect❤️❤️
why did the sketch actually get me teary eyed
YOU KILLED THAT LINE BRO NO JOKE YOU CAN SEE IT IN YOUR FACE
This was probably the best video I've ever seen
Nice vid Mr. Struggles.
7:50 mr struggle.
"you looking at em"  me : "BARS"
Maybe the real cringe was the friends we made along the way
The skit and this video were literally ✨chef’s kiss✨
DHAR MAN is the cutes man EVER with cody
you look more and more like a middle aged man every day.
You should have done two reactions, one with Kelsey, then one with Noel
"Let me just circle back with my team" sounds like something a boomer manager would say.  I should start using the phrase too!
chef: you can’t cook eggs on high heat. good eggs have to be cooked slowly. markiplier: exfuckingscuse me??  (for some unus annus fans 🖤🤍)
Yeah good messages, but they're still wack as fuck. Lmao
Cody Kook watching this was the most meta thing I've seen him do! XD I loved it.....also Kelsy is so wholesome<3
Kelsey❤❤ I knew that as soon as he said that he would be writing something that Kelsey would be a big help. I love these two.
Good video man. Almost dropped my beer when you started stirrin the sauce.
This video had me smiling the whole time
Love this format & I loved this video!!! fuck yes
Dharman is a saint
Dude people sleep on Cody and Kelsey being the ultimate couple
kelsey is like a proud mom i love it
At 3:45 Kelsey looked like she was trying she was trying to hide a boner. Just saying.
THIS IS SO WHOLESOME I LOVE THIS
He listens to peep🥺 0:49
yeees
love dhar mann sm but can we also talk about how cute animated cody is 🥺🥺
I really have considered quitting my job for similar reasons but this video helped me realize how unreasonable I was being.
Just want someone to look at me the way kelsey looks at cody
Honestly let's be real Cody teaches a very important lesson every day. BE ABLE TO TAKE A JOKE. Dhar man did this well along with a few select others in the past.  Namely matty smokes and the kombucha daddy himself. I got these names from @temporal. I knew them but ya know i saw it from his post. Gotta give credit
If cody wants to collab with someone he just needs to do a thats cringe
... I said "They on X game mode"... and Google heard "Damn Mexican mode"... And if Google is a part of the Illuminati... Does that mean Mexicans are most powerful ppl or at least a part of the Illuminati??? 🤔
Next collab; girl defined x Cody ko
spock and noel should react to this
Goddamn now he ain’t gonna post as much cuz he’s being “patient”😂
has anyone told you you kind of look like jesse rutherford?
Next time teach us how to be like Dhar Mann
omg he seems cool as fuck i love him
Could we get some merch that just says behind on it
This sketch was much better than the ones on Dhar Mann! OMG The end quote even matched the actual sketch. You're right, this one really was able to change lives. Some of the Dhar Mann sketches do not have a clear message or it's not relatable. But this one actually a lot of people can relate. I love it!
Next step: Collab with Girl Defined
I love this so much
I'm writing Kevin x Jake slash fiction immediately.
DHAR MANNNNN
You can really see how much time cody spent on this real character development shit
DHAR MANN WHOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sous* chef
great video man, really enjoted it
I don't know if Cody knows that behind is an actual kitchen term
top 10 unexpected anime crossovers
Kelsey was so proud of Cody's one line!!!! Supercute
I miss that's cringe
Best acting ever
Honestly he handled it better than I thought. Up there with GT McGrath
Dhar Mann! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
This video is so freaking good -- I absolutely loved it! I love how you end up becoming mates with people you rip on lol
Yo did Cody Ko learn how to edit or something? This video looks good
Even though Dhar Mann’s videos might be cringey, I still respect the message that he tries to tell people
I think his editing is kinda different. Not hating tho.
So basically Kelsey came up with the idea lol
I absolutely love this video, i had to comment about it (which i never do) because of how much i love it
For a sec I thought Michael Reeves was in it too
Whoever did the animation for this needs a raise!
im still laughing at how dharr man immediately insulted cody's room lmao
THE ANIMATION
Up next... Cody has a sleepover with girl defined
Dhar Mann made the script...frictionless
0:49 I see that peep playlist
7:46 Kelsey comin in with the kindergarten teacher BARS!!!
I shit you not, dude. I cried.
can we applaud kelsey tho too
Selling hoodies in the summer
I'm on a weight loss journey, and yea this Sketch really gave me the understanding to instill more patience in me, I've lost 8 kgs so far in lockdown, many more to go 😉
I actually enjoyed watching this skit. Props to dhar ko
Your merch is so fire and well designed! good shit
CODY COOK😂😂😭🥰
I love everything about this video
jokes on you cody, in a kitchen you legit yell 'behind' and 'HOT' to make sure everyone is aware in the kitchen.
Is that how Cody thinks restaurants work? 🤣
This was a great video, this is extents I needed today
ok so when's noel writing one?
Brilliant! Loved this 🤣 and love you and Kels! 💕 I always get pumped when I see a new upload from you man.
I am SO EXCITED to watch this damn video
Cody Kook
i’m gonna start all of my video calls from now on by yelling “yes!” with a completely neutral face
I think overall, Cody is actually very lucky to have someone as beautiful and also as smart as Kelsey at his side.
Dude anyone meet a Jake that isn’t a duche?
How could someone like this just have so much hate inside of him. Smh
cody is the naruto of youtube he becomes friends with all the people he roasts
The smirk😂
moral of the story : *don't finesse your eggs if you want that bread 😔💔*
Dhar Mann seems like a really cool dude
this goes down as one of the cody videos, so wholesome
I love how if Cody and Noel make fun of you and you take it well, you earn the full respect of their audience. It just feels nice how it's panned out the few times it's happened.
My names Jake and I feel personal attacked
I like how Kelesa came up with the idea.
Cody, this video was significantly out of your usual purview, but it turned out exceptionally well and I really enjoyed it. Which is weird because I usually watch all your videos not to enjoy them, but to laugh at your aging features. Jk, I'm a big fan, but seriously, what you did here was impressive. Funny, introspective, and honest all at the same time.
Kelsey strolls in like a dad watching their kid play cod
does cody have fake tan on
How tf does Cody ko have 5mil subs?
Dhar Mann seems really awesome imo. He seems to really genuinely care about what he does and the messages he’s trying to spread. Really cool to see.
This was so wholesome, and I love Dhar Mann now lol
Naming the head chef Gordon was a power move
Damn Cody is so short.
kelsey looks like a solf ball lesbian i have a crush on but have no guts to confess bc she would roast me on the school speaker
why did I actually really like that Dhar Mann vid that he helped with haha even tho it was corny I liked it lmao
Dude fr promoting sweaters in the summer
dude shoutout to Kelsey for being such a supportive girlfriend when watching the video
I just ordered a hoodie!! First time I’ve EVER bought merch (except for Dream & George’s youtooz) and I’ve watched YouTube daily for over 12 years 😂
Wtf I love Dhar Mann now.
Cody ko be acting like yes theory at the beginning
Okay ima say it, I cried.
THIS IS ADORABLE!!!🥺🥺🥺🥺
So wholesome. Really made me smile
I love how supportive Kelsey is😍
“Su Chef”
We need some merch that says “behind!” On the back
There was a comment on the first dhar mann video about how they def were gonna meet and he would be chill 😂
Wholesome af, you u really gotta remember how an inspirational video might seem dumb or the message obvious to you but someone out there might just need a simple video with an emotional story to get themselves back on track
Dude this content was amazing
SU CHEFS IN THE HAUS
the door thooo lmao
DHAR MANNNNNN AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
I remember back at my elementary school we would do this virtue of the month thing where who ever expressed that virtue of the month the most (in their class) would get a certificate at the end of the month and once we tried doing dog tags but I don’t remember what we did after the dog tags but I think the school scrapped the idea of he or she winning an award for his or her actions.
but can we talk about how his youtube homepage is all lil peep
Stop getting mature u old weenie
Cody cook
Gonna start crying from the skit but then I see Cody with his promotion
Jake is the shoe salesman. I guess he really couldn't sell any shoes :(
Kelsey's idea at 7:47 is super great and unique too! I think it's a lesson that cody and many people can relate to esp when everyones just on the internet
You really should’ve called Noel to help write the sketch
CODY LISTENS TO PEEP IK YALL SAW THAT WHEN HE WAS SEARCHING ON YOUTUBE
Chef: First day at work.  Eggs: I can destroy your career.
I had a homie that used to drop eggs EVERYWHERE! luckily he turned his life around!
THIS is good content
this gave me ratatouille vibes 👌🏽
This is so wholesome. Massive respect for Cody and Dhar Mann
CHODE MAN
That was awesome
Wow this was dope.  Darrman is a cool ass dude.
Bruh it’s really 2020
Cody working with Dharr mann its a thing that can make a grown man cry 😭
Mark rober= Cody ko
"Later she gets in a car accident and goes into coma"  my brain : *"wE tOLd hEr tO bUcKLe uP 😢"*
I cannot express how much I love this
3:18 that moment in spongebob where he’s writing his essay and all he comes up with is a really detailed I
This is amazing! All of the guys are cool about Cody’s videos, but none are so cool that they make a whole video/mini movie
Isn't this the plot to the popular hit anime *NARUTO*
they got to Cody.
I can’t believe Cody started this video with a *record scratch* “I bet you’re wondering how I got here, huh?”  I love it
I didn’t realize how good Dhar Mann’s actors are until I saw Cody’s part 😂
88k likes compared with 281 dislikes really says something 😊 love the positive funny vibes in these trying times.
cody's editing skills are improving
Damn you should’ve got Noel in this too
I'm so sorry man =/
I dunno, but I think ripping on someone then collaborating with them defeats the purpose of ripping on them. Cowardly IMO.
This is awesome and I love it, but I’m not going to lie.. I would have preferred a real That’s Cringe with Noel again with a Dhar Mann Video, like the old days. You just can’t get better than that, it’s impossible..
7:45 skip the whole video just watch this  part and you'll get it 😂😂
Why is this edited like a corporate marketing campaign?
past cody: haha dhar man stupid present cody: hey, don’t do that😀👍🏻🎵🎶
7:50 you fucking tell him Kelsey😂
When Cody said “I’m so sorry man” he looked like a young egoraptor
great content frfr
"Great things really do take time" Kelsey: awww I love it ... ADVERT
What’s next? Cody does a colab with girl defined?
is the editor different ?
Cody should make merch w ✨behind✨
The fact that Dhar Mann bought Cody a 5 million subscriber gift after Cody roasted him makes me respect him so much more.
Love to see videos come full circle and loved the effort put into this video
me, a kevin watching this: 👁👄👁
Makes one good batch of cinnamon rolls. Get promoted to cook.
The Dhar Mann That's Cringe is my favourite video on Cody's channel, and this 3rd instalment did NOT disappoint!
I liked the video and all but KELSEY that skinnnn!!! I wish
No way he didnt see my podcast and say, instead of Woodside, it should be Dhar Mann
I really wanted to see the bitchy girls sketch as well, with Kelsey in it lol
king shit. both of them
Kelsey being so proud of Cody might be my favorite part of the video
It’s kinda funny how this video is a Dhar Man esque video low key😂
He should do a that’s cringe on this video and then it would come full circle.
I’ve been waiting for this
When dharman showed up on face time, bruh that's some smoke right there
Let it FESTER!!
I actually like that one a lot more than other videos featured The asshole was totally an asshole but almost not as bad as other antagonists And the protagonist was really humble and nice to the antagonist, and things looked like they would look up by the end of it. I really like that
this is like the one episode from spongebob, where spongebob switch places with a fancy cook
Bisexual culture is not only crushing on Cody but crushing on Kelsey even harder
Your old is showing cody
dhar mann is a really cool guy, unexpectedly! as ridiculous as some of his content is, tbh I have no idea what OUR content would be like if we were in the public eye under any circumstances
why did that actually make me tear up
dhar mann is fucking cool! i love this video
Okay, that's my new all-time favorite video.
guess who’s back, back again, dharr mann’s back, tell a friend
Ok wow this all is so cool and wholesome!
Cody learning life lessons and literally living a Dhar Mann video whilst writing a Dhar Mann video is the most meta shit of the century.
Amazing !
HEY CODY LETS SEE UR EPIC MORNING ROUTINE
Cody keeps getting humbled by the people he flames 💀
Yo Cody, you should do a reaction video to the Spongebob Anime video by Narmak!!
Cody I love you this video is fucking GOATED
“make him the most hateable person ever”  cody: *gives him a j name*
What!!? Those are meant to be inspirational? I've watched a ton cuz they are FUUUUNNNY! I thought they were comedy sketches 🤦🏼😁
Kelsey: Patience is a virtue   Cody: 🤯
CODY LISTENS TO PEEP CODY LISTENE TO PEEP CODY LISTENS TO PEEP
Let’s goooooo this shit hit different 😂🔥🔥😈💯
obviously there's value to the virtues of patience, hard work, etc. but it seems like all the dhar mann videos seem to emphasize the whole "work hard for a corporation and maybe you'll eventually make bank" thing when odds are you definitely will not lmao
Gotta hand it to Kelsey for being so supportive. Talk about having an awesome partner in life. You guys killed it, man.
Yo kevin be makin some bomb ass water for head chef to say wow.
This whole video is so wholesome and made me smile a bunch
5:18 Dhar: "Whats up man?!" Cody: "Whats up man?!" Dhar: "Whats up man?!"
you definitely should do this with girl defined
Cody looks like he hangs out with David Dobrik
im ngl that skit nearly made me cry it was so good cody. it had a mix of happy and funny
we can make fun of these deep fake videos all we want from dhar but damn he handles criticism well same goes to the world cheapest wrestler, GT Dave, Tai Lopez, Dre Drexler and we cant forget matty fucking smokes
When Dhar mann was talking about how his viewers are from all around the world and thats why the english is so basic and cheesy that made so much sense to me i wasn't even thinking about that
kelsey giving those widdle forehead kisses, as a treat
cody cook sounds like a mr. struggle
It makes so much more sense now why it's so over acted.
Cody Ko is kinda turning into Jenna Marbles.  Sarcastic ideas that turn into earnest efforts.
ALSO CODY ARE YOU KIDDING- AS SOON AS MY GET MY JACKET FROM YOUR STORE YOU DROP MERCH- PLEASEEE
dharman should recreate the starbucks skit cody made a while ago, starring chase jensen
That was too wholesome man, I felt my heart... crack :P
awesome video man i came into it hoping for a roast but was happily disappointed
Dhar’s wife is hot af
i knew this was coming, yesterday i was watching the dharr man videos
collab with girl defined next
Now have Noel make fun of the video but mostly picking on you
Cody, nice job man.
DUDE, Not gonna lie, The editing was fire on this vid!! Good job Cody!!
Very amazing video but all I notice is how tan Cody and Kelsey are
شدعوا ابو كودي ماتوصل السعودييه ؟؟؟
my ex should have seen this lesson a couple weeks ago
why not add noel
LOVE the redemption vids 👏👏👏
I know this is a serious video but I couldn't stop laughing. when they said Cody's the new chef I almost fell off my bed in laugher.
Cody is fat.
Love this. Seems like a great guy with real passion for what he does
Cody trying to write it is me trying to write an essay on time management 2 months after its due
i think the question that we all have now is   how long on those eggs?
i had deja vu watching this video like 3 times wtf
Idk why but that *im sorry man :(* made me burst out laughing
Imagine if Noel was in that skit as well. He appears out of nowhere and screams DHAR MANN AAAAAWWWWWWW!!!!
Yo, tell this man at 13:33 to do some horror sketches, jeez. My man look like he boutta merk everyone in sight.
the editing is so dramatic i love it
I gotta say, I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see if he was gonna pick up the egg or not 🤣
I miss Noel...
why did the skit make me cry im confused how did you do that
wow that video was really good, I cried at the end I'm not kidding
Epic
This turned out awesome! Such a funny journey to this point. I always love seeing you befriending these random folks. It's honestly a great example to other people, namely Youtubers
I think the real lesson here is : Don’t drop your egg
SU CHEF BAHAHAHAHAHA IM DEAD maybe the next lesson could be on SPELLING
Jokes aside I actually really enjoyed the sketch
DHARRR MANNN
Can we talk about the animation???? So unexpected but it was so good
Cody has the best merch, like he doesn't spatter his name all over the fucken thing, like they're actual cool designs id buy, thanks for that, thanks for not being shit aha
Why they cooking one egg
Marry Kelsey asap bro.
Gotta love Cody’s headshot at 8:20 😂
Whoa 9:54 kelsey’s got my name on her shirt 😳
Man I fuckin love this channel
This video: banger Me: slow clap
Kelsey with the truth bombs 🤯
you can tell what parts cody had as a huge say in the production of this, cuz he pauses the simplest line and HYPES IT TF UP xD
A kith for you my darling
su chef
Honestly a great video from both parties. Not sugar gay at all. Sugar yay. Very sugar yay. Quality stuff man. Congrats? I think..
DHAR MANN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH
How the egg just goes WHAP and the camera closes in dramatically just kills me
has to be the randomest most wholesome thing this old man has done
ok the i’m sorry man was so bad 😭😭😭😭
Tag yourself im the egg that keeps getting dropped.
Editing is insane
Also BIG respect to Dhar Man, this guy really puts in the work to his productions and really thinks things through- not to mention he’s been such a good sport about being made fun of haha
its the "here that is" for me
dhar mann more like GOAT mann😼
Merch but it just says Behind
Cody’s just going around collecting all of the people he’s made fun of and bringing them to Light Side.
Big shame that Cody didn’t write his sketch about pricks who bag on “little back end tech developers”
I like that Cody isn’t afraid to take a different perspective. Making things somewhat universal isn’t easy
the egg watching 👁👄👁
lil peep @ 00:48 🥺
This was a good watch *but* I hope this doesn't mean Cody is going to stop making fun of things.
round of applause CODY!!! I really enjoyed this
Amazing video :')
Wholesome Cody
Omg it made me cry
I NEW IT
At my job, going from server to cook is actually a promotion
Easily one of my favs
This was a great video and a nice change of pace for you. Very refreshing! Great job on the video!
Being back “That’s so Cringe”
Kelsey lecturing Cody >>
Wonder what Noel thought of this whole thing 😂😂😂
When did you become so cringy
Now all we need is a video from Noel making fun of the sketch
My top five favourite lines from Cody: 1)😔 2)😏 3) behind  4) sorry man  5) 🙂
I love this video. It shows that kody dosn't take his jokes seriously and its all light hearted and fun. Hes acually a good guy
anyone else think of minecraft nether music when cody talked about how ominous the music was?
I love these types of videos & i know it took him weeks to make it lol appreciate the work chody
I expected to see some comments about how kody listens to lil peep but theres none, so here i amm
Be funny if the 2nd job Jake loses from dropping the eggs is again caused by Cody walking by and yelling "behind"
MORE KELSEY >:(
this is one of my favorite videos cody has put out. this was hilarious but in a totally different way.
nobody:  Cody's script: su chef
Dhar Mann definitely took Cody hostage and forced him to make this
cody be bumpin that GBC rip peeppppp
when your girlfriend looks taller than you, you know it's time to have leg day within leg day
Better than the sketches that you looked at to be honest, the end that shows the positive change is really good
Finally, something positive for once in this shit year. Thank you Cody and Dhar Mann.
Cody should quit acting and become a screenwriter
Guy who played Gordon absolutely nailed it. Legitimately great performance.
wow this is cool!
How much u get paid for this Cody
This was so enjoyable to watch
new editor?
But Cody looks fire in that costume
This is the type of content YouTube needs. Cody you killed this shit 🔥
Ever noticed that Dharr Mann kind of sounds like "The Man?
the dhars right i wanna see more of codys inspirational content
Making a video with Dhar Mann is like taking the SAT test of youtube.
Why does cody's character look green screened in 😂😂😂
Subscribed
This made me literally love Darr Man
Cody ur an allstar
this may be the best damn youtube video i’ve ever seen
That 5 mil subscribers gift was so nice dudeee dhar really is the mann
I have so many things to say but I want to say this first. How in the world are you able to work when you have a woman like Kelsey? I mean look at her....holy shit she's breathtaking!!!! I mean I sometimes put myself in your shoes and imagine if a woman like her comes to my room or workplace, my mind would stop functioning. SHE'S SOOO BEAUTIFUL!!!!  Anyway love you guys and I really wish from the bottom of my heart that you and Noel reach and be something amazing yet unique. Till then, we are here for the ride and TMG foh life♥️♥️♥️
Is it just me or do I wanna see Cody make a new channel called Cody Cook, where he makes food videos
I wish Noel was there to scream DHAR MANN
Only wish Noel was apart of it
It's cool he thought your videos are funny.
why is this the most wholesome video ever.... i rly might cry.... like cody finding respect for his content is makin me emotional ... and kelsey being so supportive .. so cute :,)
Wow I am so proud of Cody like he really just was like yo sorry I crapped on your stuff can we make one
0:48 I didn’t know Cody liked listening to Peep lol
yay 5 mil
All time favorite video of yours
Actually, Cody is the new cook here.
you should make merch thats you cooking eggs in the kitchen
Cody, I watched the ads all the way through treat Kelsey to something good!😂
Just copped the merch easy clap
This kid really does go above and beyond 👽
I’m fvckin wheeezing 🤣
bro kelsey killed u 7:50
Why did I cry at this video plz
It’s truly amazing that at such an old age, Cody can write a gripping, detailed story. Yet another example of why age is just a number! Cody’s mind doesn’t seem a day over 50!
Wait, 😂 so 😅😂 you’re telling 🤣 me that Jake just keeps dropping eggs???? 🤣🤣🤣
So wholesome
do all the restaurants only cook eggs
This is trash
Cody tan as hell!
You Guys did an amazing Job and i really  like the result ! Keep going 👏
holy shit this is intense
3:33 all I could think of was "You better at least put the Dhar Mann signature 'so you see' when they are about to get to the point."
this guy is the fouseytube that didn't have a mental breakdown and succeeded in life.
the actors were actually really talented
it looked like you used to be in love with the mean chef guy and he was breaking up with you
plz make more of these
hahahah u really did like so sad "behind"
anyone else see cody listening to peep at 0:48 👀
Dude I’m crying, I thought you were going to drop those plates and explode on that dude . But that “ I’m so sorry man” was way better 😂😂😂
DA DA DA DA DHAR MAN
That acting. Wow.
Why is nobody talking about how when Cody went to the search bar for his YouTube there was a peep song mix in his recommended😌
It's a McDonald's Kith collab
This is both unbelievably ridiculous and genuinely eye opening, well done my man. As someone who’s trying to be more open minded, it’s insane to see how many different perspectives you never would’ve thought about. :)
THATS SO FUCKING CUTE HOW SUPPORTIVE KELSEY IS OMG ESPECIALLY WHEN THEYRE WATCHING THE SKETCH LIKE OMG I WANT WHAT THEY HAVE
It’s always great when the That’s Cringe people decide to collaborate with Cody
Why is nobody talking about how when Cody went to the search bar for his YouTube there was a peep song mix in his recommended😌
All I wanna say is thank you Cody, today has been such shit because me and everyone at work are starting to get furloughed again, so thank you for bringing something happy to my day.
Honestly this video was hella good.
100% finesse.
This is so wholesome 🥺
I was planning to become an actor. But not anymore
Dude dhar mann is actually smart as fuck whattt Mad respect
the queen saying patience is a virtue, patiently waiting on that ring lol
Su chef 😂
It was really weird watching him not comment anything for almost 5 minutes straight
U should make one of these with fans
I wonder where skippy is rn
CRINNNNGGGGGGEEEEE
This is the best thing I've seen all week
hey cody did you know that dhar mann has been convicted of fraud?
damn jake sounds like a real mr.struggle to me
Respect Dahr Mann...respect✊
so dhar mann is a circle back guy
my heart melted when cody talked about dhar mann giving him a 5 milion subs gift
I'm curious Whats noel miller think about this 🤣
I've never seen better marketing than that merch promo
Let’s take a moment of silence for Dhar Mann, matty smokes and GT dave who took THATS cringe episodes as a joke, I respect them
This was really dope you gotta do more videos like this
“Kody implementing ideas that Kelsey comes up with for 21 minutes straight”
Kelsey is an absolute gem
“so are you moving orrr?” LMAOO 😳
Cody becomes the next dhar man
Now Cody has to make a That’s Cringe on himself
Dude this is amazing. I love you cody!! So glad you came on h3 to promote it I'm sure the other guys who like Ethan will love this!!!!
Who else was just grinning at how wholesome this video is?
I just noticed that Cody naming the antagonist "Jake" is actually genius LMAFO
✨wholesome content✨ by Cody Ko
BROOOO WTF I watched the dhar mann vids yesterday
Love the animations in this video!
I’ve never watched a Cody Ko video and felt so good inside 😂😂😂😂
I love it when people make jokes together
Purpose of the entire video: Patience is a virtue  Cody: Interrupts outro because he can't wait any longer to share his merch
Loving the new format used for this video with the voice overs and animations. Really great video, king.
Ttttttttttttttttttttttteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i didn't know cooking an egg was that complicated man , it even took two chefs and a head chef to look over them for two fried eggs 😂
Why am I getting emotional wtf
fuck this is class hahaha
Is this that actor named Mark Whalberg(whaleberg?) idk.
Nobody:  Cody: *SU CHEF*
Cody finally got an acting job, it only took 57 years
This was a great video, and I think also had an important message to people who follow roasting commentary, myself included; such content needs to be taken with a grain of salt and only considered for entertainment purposes, not to form and pass judgement on people.
what...
good shit Cody
everytime i see kelsey i think of the girl from the waterboy lmaoo
imma say it...this video might be Cody’s best.
Cody I fucken love you man
Actually awesome
Your facial expressions in the short lesson is EVERYTHING 😂😂❤️
this is legendary
This was a really nice change from your normal videos. Very enjoyable
His response to the original video was so amazing- suddenly I have a ton of respect for him
This is so good and wholesome
For a nice restaurant it’s weird that they they can’t afford a doorknob... kinda weird. Lol 15:05
ok now this is wholesome
we not gonna talk ab the fact that he did the cooking dance for a good 15 seconds
God bless
This shit was good
I burst into laughter too right after Cody's line. That was hilarious. 🤣
Great fking video. Proud of the man you became and i’m curious what you’ll do in the future! Keep up the great work and be patient!
The wholesomeness in this video is life changing
I can never have the balls to call someone on the phone like Cody did
I know that font :)
Is no one gonna mention the fucking animation??? Who did that????
mans got a better camera
not digggin cody’s haircut boys
I’m so proud of Cody in so many ways
Cody setting himself up a future with Dhar Mann.
"I can relate to it because it is not something I have" skjskjskjs *3:52
Hey guys, it’s Cody Ko. We’re not just telling stories, we’re changing lives
Liking this, because its very wholesome! So nice, i love it
always nice to see people working with and including the elderly!
THE WAY HE SAID "IM SO SORRY MAN" , ABSOLUTELY DEVASTATING
Comedy *is* inspirational, my dude. Let that one sink in.
Just taking a minute to also appreciate The real Cornelius for all his amazing animations
kelsey is super sweet and supportive🥺
Ok but that wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be
Noels probably pissed he wasn’t included
“Behind 😒” had me fuckin dead 💀
Cody and Kelsey are the fucking cutest couple
Cody's growing.. love it. and this video most deff spoke to me
That cartoon sketch of the employee blowing a wet fart onto the other one had me dead
Shane dawson documentaries walked so cody and dharr could run
Okay but I’m like crying?
Cody your quarantine hair is better than your normal hair
Wow, Dhar Mann is a true humble king! I'm always happy to see people come back from a roast & have fun with a commentary channel.
hahaahahahahahahahahahahaahahahhahahaggagag
About to go check the comments on Dhar Mann's channel
omg befriend girl defined next
Yo dhar is either the nicest guy in the world orrrrrrrr he lile a genius psychopath who secretly hates cody buttttttt I prefer to think it's the first one
You need a haircut. Newsflash:- Barber shops have reopened.
Kody co That’s cringe 😬 Cody ko collaborates with Dhar Mann MIND BLOWN
As I was watching the dar Mann skit I was so invested I forgot Cody was in it and absolutely lost it when he said Cody got the promotion 😭😭😭💀
honestly, i kind of fuckin loved the sketch LMAO they killed it, i needed the patience lesson
Gotta say I actually respect Dhar Mann a bit after seeing this. I always used to think he was full of shit, but now my attitude is more of he know's his audience, and he knows exactly what they want and theres nothing wrong with that.
Idk why but this sketch actually gave me hope my channel might blow up some day xD
this shit is wholesome as fuck i love it
I can’t believe Cody invented acting
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Still is kinda cheesy , not gonna lie
I fucking love how great these guys they make fun of are, they’re genuinely cool ass people that appreciate Cody and Noels videos as entertainment just like theirs
THE MERCH IS MADE IN SWEATSHOPS ITS A NO FROM ME
I have to respect this a ton
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN DHAR MANN PASSED THE VIBE CHECK SO HARD  *also kelsey is so beautiful it hurts my stomach a lil bit*
There are no words in the English dictionary to describe how much I love this
Aw but they’re actually such cute friends tho?! Love this glow up
what a good vid
Success comes with patience, Jake...looks at camera 😂
Cody, this is by far one of my favorite videos that I've watched this year! Congrats on the production of not only this video, but the success of the Dhar Mann video as well. A truly touching piece of work all around! This video is so awesome. It's like life lesson-ception.
I think Cody did a great job at showing the patience from being a cook to a server He will be a cook one day. It takes time and patience.
Omg I get so happy when I see Kelsey
Su Chef
This video is a whole journey, with Cody’s character arc, moral lessons, and just wholesome fun. Imma say it: this is a certified hood classic 😌
Liked the vid cause sad cody hit hard😢
LEGENDARY:
I didn’t think 2020 would let us witness something so beautiful... Cody and Dhar dropping them feels!
I also love how Dhar Mann's got one name like he's not Dhar or Mr. Mann, he's Dhar Mann
If you don't know how to cook eggs over easily properly you are not head chef material 😂
Dahr man is back babbyyyy
i cant help but stan
cody!! i rly did need to hear that message.. after seeing the skit, i just rly enjoyed it. time tells all. <3
If codys subs were stocks i be rich as fuk now
I would like to see the cut before Dhar mans edits
The thing about Dhar Mans videos is you CANNOT deny that they always make you want to keep watching, they really do hook you in, and being able to produce something like that takes serious talent
I really liked the editing on this video, I hope he does more like this in the future!
7:46 Kelsey calling out Mr. Struggle
Kelsey is so supportive 🖤🖤🖤
Not Cody writing out "Su Chef"...if only he'd had the patience to google it first...
Great video Cody! I loved this from beginning to end, why do I feel proud 😂
okay this is the the most CALM KITCHEN EVER!!!!!!
15:28 = GOLD.
He has watched to much cringe.. he has lost senses.
I actually got chills watching Cody and Kelsey react to the video. I don't know why. The way Cody and Noel manage to go from roasting someone to be friends with them just warms my heart. I'm a really sarcastic person with a pretty dark sense of humor, and some of my best friends are the people that met me and thought "Man this chick has a messed up sense of humor. I love it!"  lol. Hopefully that makes sense. I just love when people appreciate the comedic value of a good roast without getting upset.
as we've learned from ellen, when somebody's whole gimmick is kindness and positivity, you can almost guarantee that they're compensating for being a terrible person. sometimes they even steal tens of thousands of dollars meant for housing improvements and then hit up famous youtubers to help improve their reputations and look like normal, wholesome people!
best video ever.
I was laughing and shock throughout this whole thing
love this video love the character development and dope new merch
I'M DEAD XD
and that's a golden buzzer
ha gordon lol is that the only chef name they could think of
Sou chef*
*DHAARRRR MAAAAAANNNN. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!*
An actually cool guy
I love the new edits I’m this video
Dude that video was so good what the fuck I’d say darmahns best video. WRITE MORE PLZ CODY
wait why is the mean girl just like the girl that bullies garret watts in his own videos
7:54 ... Mr Struggle
this is literally fucking iconic
I love this. Darh man taught you a lesson!!
ngl this video made me so happy .... idk if it’s cause cody is a senior citizen compared to most other people in the commentary scene but you can feel the maturity that exists behind his on-screen persona here
DHARRMANN what a big time legend
dhar mann barely even knew cody and the fact that he took the time and effort to surprise him with a 5 million celebration is just so cool. i think we don’t have a choice but to stan
Nah this is dumb rip up more of his videos   I’m kidding
That’s cringe Cody edition
I love everything about this 😂
haha i love this, perspective is everything. Good for you Cody 👌🏾😝
Too bad Noel wasn’t there to do the real good and hearty DHARR MANN
respect
okay but this is the cutest and i want them to be friends forever, dhar seems like such a great guy
can i just say i love kelsey with all my heart
Hey got you posts wine, that’s dope
Kelsey is so proud of him, and it's adorable. This was great.
This was such a beautiful character arc for Cody and love that the Dhar man was such a good sport about the older vids, wish some other people could learn from this over arcing story
*Cody calls Dhar Mann* Cody: What's up Dhar: what's up  Cody: What's up Dhar: what's up  Cody: What's up Dhar: what's up  Cody: What's up *proceed to continue the conversation without ever answering the damn question*
cody is just clout chasing dhar man
Why is this edited like a yes theory video
I'm not crying. I'm absolutely fine. This is great. No tears at all over here
ANOTHER GIRL DEFINED VIDEO PLEADE 😎
anything in possible in 2020 at this point with a Cody X dar man video
Let me guess jake’s last name is paul hahahaha
His face is so sad lmao It was great
7:25 I see someone’s been watching my hero academia i think
Cody had real character development why am I so proud rn
what a nice pool Cody! Very well kept and  the water is is blue af🤘🏻😈  good video Cody Ko
this might just be your best video ever, Cody
Behind
This is wholesome 🥺
We need this but with Violin Guy
I was hoping for Dahr Mann to come with a bulldozer and say “I bought your company and you fired” and Cody saying “DAHR MANN”
The editing on this video is immaculate
👁👄👁 i-
11:41 anyone started laughing at the same time with them?  14:59 Cody is so into this video lol 16:13 I want someone to love me the way she loves Cody. My gosh. This is romantic.
Having that small amount of insight about these videos really helps me think about why it is like that. Good video.
7:45 I mean, this is out of his comfort zone so it's perfectly fine for somebody who doesn't know what he's doing to struggle at first. I'm not shitting on Dharman or anything but he himself struggled as well at some point
why am i crying in the club right now
It would’ve been funny if he quit over milk instead of eggs
Cody and Noel restaurant AU
One of the best crossovers
This is so wholesome and I love Cody and Kelsey so much 😭✨💖
Should have got Spock Noel and Aleena to watch it as well
16:48 the way cody is walking back with his hands behind him😂
Yooo what’s that banger at the end of the video for the mercy plug 😫
So wholesome but still painfully corny
WTF is his "GF" wearing!?
You know what, Dhar Mann's really a positive person. After watching your first video, I left an unironic comment on one of his videos, kinda like a backhand compliment, and he actually favorited my comment! I was like did he understand the irony in my comment, or...? Now looking back I feel bad, he does seem like a genuinely nice person just wanting to make content that makes people everywhere happy.  I didn't think about that either, that he's making these videos for non-English speakers, so I guess it's easy to make fun if you've only known English your whole life.
5/5 stars Cody this was great and definitely worth the wait and I love how he surprised you for your 5 mil! How sweet!!
wholesome as fuck
"The Cody Chodesters". Yes, You're welcome
Song at the end?
7:57 I hear a mr struggle over here
dude this is a genuinely great video, from the premise to the execution, probably one of my favorite cody vids
DHAAARRRR MANNNNNN
I learned about patience when the crackhead told the emo kid to be patient when they were about to fight over tater tots on 60daysin.
DHAR MANN  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
dhar mann was born to do inspirational videos I swear
war damn eagle
The amount of jobs I’ve quit because of servers making me drop my goddamn eggs This video really hit home
Alternate title: how to steal someone’s job (eggs on the floor?!)
I actually really appreciate that he tries to make his videos as accessible as possible :)
Moral of the story: Kelsey is the best
this video is so wholesome
This is a sick video. On another note though, what is this genuine side of Cody It scares me
Say what you want about this video, but it has some really good vibes
Why did kelseys face at 11:36 make me laugh
Collab with Claire Michelle (You girl)
in trying to make a dhar mann video, he became a dhar mann antagonist...we've come full circle
add song?
"su chef" lmaoooo
This honestly was a very wholesome video. I was smiling the whole time
Starting this video my first thoughts were, Cody didn’t edit this, then by 4 mins in I was like this is Cody’s best video ever
these sketches are corny no matter how much they inspire people but hey if people love it who am i to judge 🤷🏾‍♀️
cody co a lil peep fan   what!
did ... did cody just make a phone call without showing any signs of social anxiety ??
Anyone want a YMH, Dhar Man and Cody co cross over!
everyone gets a good ending this made ma have a big smile the hole time
Ok Dhar Mann with your fine inclusive thoughtful ass wtf?
Ms. Kelsey wore a McDonald's shirt, I got a McDonald's ad at the start of the video
Wow I didn’t realize until now Cody actually wrote it as well. Not bad for someone of his age.
I loved every single minute of this. I cannot believe how wholesome everyone was, especially didn't expect that from a guy who was just roasted ... twice lol anyways that's the stuff i love to watch on youtube!
This is like a episode of la Rosa De Guadalupe
It’s my birthday today btw love your channel
DHAR MANN!!! OAAAHHH
Befriends dark man after leafy gets banned for harassment.
him, GT Dave, and Matty Smokes are all in the hall of fame who handled a Thats Cringe extremely well and got all of our respect
Omg Kelsey's sweatshirt... I got a McDonalds ad right before this... coincidence?!?
Dhar Wars: A New Cringe  Dhar Wars: The Inspiration Strikes Back Dhar Wars: the Return of the Man
So once we got the Thats Cringe- GT Dave collab and now the Cody- Dhar Mann collab when’s the Thats Cringe- Girl Defined collab?
Optional Title: Kelsey slowly breaks Cody down. But with a smile.
At this point I can't tell when kody's being sarcastic and when he's not
i’m sorry but cody was wearing a flannel mask? i’m here for it
Okay but like who animated this because it’s so well made
CODY MAN
Dhar Mann do be looking sexy doe 🤔
The is wholesome as FUCK
This was such a wholesome video, I love it
Cody Ko:   Comedian  Musician  Actor Writer
where's Noel?
You know its kind of crazy how more positive Youtube is these days, and not in like a bs sappy way but genuinely. The banning of Leafy is a sign of the times
Okay ..but Dhar Man just won my heart.
The Magnum Opus
Why where you guys making so many eggs. They chefs for denny's
Cody: "Sorry for cutting off the outro, i couldnt wait another second"   Me: isnt the video about patience?
Huge respect for everything about this video.
I love how Cody can take the piss out of someone and make a complete joke of them and then laugh and talk with that person face to face
Honestly this is the best dhar mann sketch ever
The merch montage was just... chiefs kiss*
first matty smokes, now dhar man??? Who cant u befriend
DHARMANN
most ambitious crossover since avengers endgame
Now collab with Dre Drexler!!!!
Its cheesy and they know it. Most heartfelt stuff especially dramatic but when u make fun of the act not person that's not bullying. They kno it's all in good fun.
look at him being a good person and wearing a mask
Dhar man: *exists* Cody: “l can milk you”
7:50 I literally yelled “fucking tear into him Kelsey!” lmfao
Bro this is getting emotional 😂
i wish i saw this video before i burnt my eggs
we nvr thought it was bad its actually all adorable and pure af
woah good vid cody
Why is no one taking about Cody’s “YUP, YUP!”
Dope
No one:  Not even Dhar Mann: Cody: this is so fONNY
The first one basically is already a dhar man skit the same idea at least just a little different a janitor gets fired makes his own business guy who fired him comes to work for the janitor
One critique of the Darh MANNNN video. Kelsey wasn’t in it. 😢
0:49 didn't except Cody to listen to Lil Peep
Without the laughs, this is really a good theme. It happened to me.
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME THE NAME OF THE SONG IN THE MERCH REEL AT THE END
Shoutout to the podcast boys who knew this was coming😤🙌
This dude has literally made his own lane on yt. Tears apart cringey vids for comedy purposes than goes out and partners with them to make one of his own. That's fucking dope.
I swear I saw that story line on one of dhar man's last videos
I couldn’t stop laughing every time Cody is on screen because it’s so surreal to see him in a Dhar Mann sketch
Cody listens to peep
Can you believe that dhar Mann isn’t verified on twitter!?!?
so pure i love this , new bffs
dhar mann, perhaps i treated you too harshly
cody ko is now a dramatic actor???
i love this new style of content :3 respect to you and dhar mann
10 minuted into this and I’m rlly into it wow
I saw the dhar Mann video before this one and was VERY CONFUSED to see my boi in it
Cody, your maturity and openness to even make a video like this; that's what inspiring. Making friends with the people you make fun of, daring to try making something serious in a medium you're not comfortable with, knowing it opens you up to a lot of criticism: that's way more inspiring than your inspiriational video itself, and any of Dhar Mann's inspirational videos will ever be.
i can’t watch this.
Kelsey aka The Puppet Master
Kody what’s with the style switch up dawg
Cody the kinda guy that fights dudes and then friends with them the next day
Hang on, how do you have 17M followers but only 7M likes, that doesn't seem right 🤔
That chef tasted water lol. What tasted amazing and what did he take time on?
Dhar mann is a genuine guy
Dang dude, this is very wholesome. Respect to you and the DharMann.
Got an ad right at 4:52 that started out with the standard "The follow film has been Rated R " before the preview of a movie and I was so into the drama of how much time there was left on those eggs I thought I was watching a real preview for a feature film.
Some reason Cody's performance in the skit is comedy genius
Cody K O O K
Loved the video man! totally new vibe but i loved it
Wow Cody, how patient of you to wait to plug your merch til the very end of the video. Proud of you
ya the videos great but kelseys reaction is everything I love her
Why the fuck the beginning of this video feel soo fucking professional     Thats not the cody im familiar with  But i like it
Idk about y'all but if i make fun of someone and they try and hit me up. I ain't gonna trust them lol
Can we gonna talk about how supportive kelsey is i need someone like her in my life tbh
in honesty yes mr.mann’s videos come off as a little cringe but at least he really is trying to put positivity into the world. cringe but admirable
Bruh Cody tryna become a documentarian cartoonist out here
ratatouille except theres no rat and this is real life
Cody: **makes a video poking fun at someone** Subject of the video: hey, man! Loved your video. Let’s drink kombucha and collab!
THIS VIDEO WAS SO INSIGHTFUL
the character development in this is fantastic
So much respect for this dude, just like the Kombucha King, all it takes is to be able to laugh at yourself a little
It's the way they treat cooking eggs like the hardest thing to do for me lol
this is the most wholesome video cody has ever produced
Now make a matty smokes video hotboxing
Cool video format!
Ladies and gentleman I present to you the most punchable face of all time
I love how the chef is called Gordon lol
You need to get Noel down to do another That's Cringe Dhar Mann edition, and watch this episode without telling him you're in it.
Optional title : Cody Simps for DHAR MANN AAAAHHHRRGGGG
Damn that music made it feel like someone was about to get murdered
I feel like he isn’t going to make fun of his videos anymore 💔
I love Cody’s redemption arc
Can someone edit New Chef Cody into the Avengers Endgame portals scene?
This is probably the most wholesome video you ever did. Commentary is always such a derative medium but creating something original really tests what you are really made of. Good job cody
I need Cody shrugging as a gif immediately
I love Darr Man
I love Kelsey she’s the sweetest
He was so sweet...he surprised you with balloons and gifts.. 👑👑
I am in love with Kelsey
I believe it's spelt sous chef...
I am in love with Kelsey
That’s the saddest “i ‘ m  s o r r y  m a n” i ever heard
I was smiling from ear to ear throughout this entire video. YEEEES
Waiting for the H3 with you Cody Screen grab of sad Cody. Lmao
holy shit you're a genius LMFAOOOO
i like that he seems actually cool about it and not pr cool about it, same with gt dave
This editing is insane🔥🔥🔥
Kelsey is so proud and it’s so sweeeeeet 😭😭😭
frying an egg takes literally 1 minute.
Dhar Man’s confidence and charisma is off the charts. I want to be annoyed by him but I can’t be.
Kelsey is wifey material
It´s so cool that when people get to an elderly age they become so wise... congrats Mr Ko.
Top ten character arcs. (YouTube edition)
Loved this video, and you seemed more at peace making this different type of content. Grow into whatever type of creator you want to be, I know at least I'll be here to watch the process and cheer from behind my screen 🤙
I love the the names, Arrogant chef named Jake.
Great video, Cody.
Kelsi makes Cody better
I learned something today. Cody looks really good with a chef hat
Only thing that would make this better is Noel
The Cody KO streak of collabing/meeting the people he roasts continues
Absolutely Frictionless Performance
Cody really wrote 'su' chef tho
This is an insanely good video. Congrats man
LOLLLL @ cook telling server to clean it
This hit harder than a semi-truck
Kelsey is a puppet master!
i think this is the proudest i've ever seen cody
This was really good well done cody!
We love personal growth
gr8 sketch and all but why is noel not making vids w you
I like how no one ever says Dhar Mann like it’s a first and last name, they say it like a superhero name. Dharrman AAAAAAHHHH!!!
We gon all ignore the fact that Dahr Man is ripping off the hit Spanish TV show "Como dice el dicho"
The collab we didn’t know we needed
Press this time over and over again 👇 1:47
We just gonna ignore the fact that Cody fist bumped his elbow...
The merch plug video was actually really good lmao
Awesome video. The Dhar Mann actually seems like a really nice cool guy.
There was an ad right before we found out if he was gonna clean it I HAte this
AND HIS NAME IS DHAR MANN!! OOOOOOHHHH!!!
This was awesome
Dhar looks like a spicy noel
Pandemic is making cody wholesome
wholesome
I never see Cody’s videos as tearing people down, he’s just making jokes and comedy - just like a stand up comedian takes the piss out of famous people. He’s not personally attacking them, with maybe the exception (and rightly so) of Girl Defined lol
Ive never cringed so much. But in a good way and a bad way too 😂
why does his beard look like someone spraypainted his jaw?
Kelsey wtf is that shirt
CODY KO IS GETTING OOOOOLD
I love it so much when cody works together with the people he made roast videos about, the same back when they met GT Dave. So humbeling. In the end its all just big love with these guys!
Rip on his videos cos they are kind of stupid but at the end of the day Dhar Mann is actually the nicest guy
It’s still cringe but it better when you know why it is
Is no one going to talk about how Cody spelled sous chef "su chef"
Love the editing style
in the start I was praying he included a frictionless line
Noel shoulda been in on this one.
so no one is gonna talk about that cute little peck on the forehead Kelsey gave Cody?
no success just requires money
Can we please get a meet and greet between TMG and Girl Defined Ministries
0:48 im losing my minddddddddddddd the fact that cody listens to lil peep
ok but why is the editing quality so good
this was so cool, and i really appreciated the extra effort put into this video. i'd love to see more videos like this!
Shout out to the Jasper sweater ! Alberta represent
"I don't know if Kelsey knew..." Brother, of course she knew LMAO.
So when we getting the I’m so sorry dude merch?
Came in to laugh at a bit, left with 20 minutes of inspiration.
That pitch was frictionless.
HE'S HERE!!!
Seeing Kelsey give Cody a lil kiss on the forehead when they were watching gave me butterflies :,) it was so cute
✨Cody Kook ✨🧑🏻‍🍳
youre really going for that eboy hairstyle
Fantastically well done vid. I can really tell the amount of time and work u put into it compared to ur other stuff. Dhar Man ironically changed u for the better😂. Still love classic that’s cringe tho
brooo i wanna see noelle's reaction to the dhar mahn skit
this video changed my all life
The merch looks like Jake Paul's bro. Step the game up.
Cody: “i have no patients “ Also cody: wait and entire weekend to watch a think that he made and has never even seen and can not wait for
I like how their both wearing hats indoors 😭😹
now i want to see cody as background characters in every dhar mann video, just unironically standing in the background or always having a line like "behind!", but overall this was hilarious and something i didn't expect to ever see lol
Am I the only one who feels like I haven’t seen Cody in my field in like 12 years??? 😭 i feel complete
DHAR MANN AAAAAAAHHHH
Cody should make a video like this where he interviews Dre Drexler and learns about how to perfect his morning routine. As well as to learn how to have a power thought, because who knows what that is.
cody reminds me of mark wahlberg sm
Damn you Cody, why do you gotta be so wholesome
As much as I love seeing Cody and Kelsey together, this one deserved a Cody and Noel reaction.
Cody went through an entire character development arc
When you roast eboys long enough, you become one. Stay safe boys
The editing quality on this is fire.
It’s hard for me to watch this and not think Cody is being sarcastic the whole time
THIS VIDEO WAS GREAT!!!!! not the content i was expecting but i was pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed it!
Whats that hoodie called???
This is wholesome
I legit almost cried when Dharr Man surprised him with the 5 million thing. That’s so sweet and a lot of people might be offended by the videos you’ve made but Dharr man seemed legitimately happy to meet you 😭😭😭😭 so wholesome and pure 💜💜💜
Props to Cody, but Kevin is the real star here
Did Cody fist bump his elbow (8:26)
Kelsey SPITTIN bro
Cody is the definition of passive aggressive
Nice Cody and Dhar Man!!! Icons truly
I’m surprised the thing being dropped was an egg instead of milk being spilled
This is really my favorite video from Cody. It’s such a great arch
I felt like Cody was in a lil slump recently, but this is an absolute banger of a video
I really love that dramatic cut to a double ad
i literally teared up at "you're looking at him"
the beginning of the intro to Dhar Man had a "*record scratch* I bet you're wondering how I got in this situation" vibe i loved it
This is a certified Cody Ko Classic
This actually moved me so much i teared up a little bit ngl lmaoo, we are so proud of you cody❤
I wanna see noel making fun of this
I would LMAO every time Cody showed up .
This is my favorite Cody video. Ironically, I feel like I learned a lesson from this whole thing lol. I needed this.
Dhar Mann   AAAAAAHH
Why do I really want Kelsey's mcdonalds sweater
im disappointed he didn't add a scene of dharr man fucking ramming into the restaurant with his ferrari while the dharr mann theme song busts on full volume. But this is okay to i guess.
The surprise was pure
now they have to bring back That's Cringe to react to this and make fun of it
It’s funny cause in the kitchen you actually use those type of keywords, like “behind” “knife” and “hot” to get around in case of accidents like that 12:00
This is great quality content. Thank you for the inspiration!
I'm so sorry 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I used to think dhar man was corny af, but he seems like such a good dude
When guys like Dhar Mann, mark McGrath, matty smokes and the Kambucha king are willing to Collab with guys that make fun of them in a fun harmless way that makes them so much more likeable. shows they're down to earth and cool honestly 👍
Did Cody ever end up getting sponsored by roscoes?
Whats is the song on the mirch video??
Oh hell nah bruh tf is this, this aint a inspirational channel we wanna see sum1 get bullied by u
Next video do a holy podcast with the girls i forgot their names😭😂
Boy how do you not have a heart attack just driving in your state if you have no patience
It makes me happy seeing Peep in Cody's recommended
Holy shit, the amount of work that goes into that mans vids
17:30 did his “estimations” kill anyone else
i was cooking eggs on high when the chef said to stop cooking eggs on high
This video is genius. Cody is a genius. Why can’t I subscribe more than once? I guess I can buy that new merch tho, nice nice.
cody ily but what 12 yr old is that merch for cuzzz 👁👁👁
This. was. a. masterpiece.
It came full circle
“DID I KILL IT?” “You- ye- haha yeahh”
Cody are you watching season 2 of love island usa??
Wasnt expecting to enjoy this as much as I did. Up there with one of my favourite Cody videos
Can’t believe I just witnessed a coming of age story on Cody’s channel
New merch is awesome! Never felt more compelled to cop
Everytime Cody shows up in the final video I burst into laughter and he isn’t even doing anything. I don’t know why 😂
CAN WE TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE HOW BEAUTIFUL KELSEY IS???!!?  She’s literally wearing sweats and still looks beautiful 😭
7:05 "just classic awful rich materialistic BITCH" you missed your chance for one solid ryme
This was cool
this editing style acutally slaps... damnnn
The way that little egg plopped on the floor is my life rn
How meta.
this is one of your best videos dude
I don’t know why I noticed this but he spelled sous chef like su
5:11 ”hey, what’s up man?” ”yeah, what’s up dude?” ”haha, what’s up bro?” ”how are ya man?”
Cody, you're such a backpedler lmao. Half the people you have made fun off,  get in touch with you, and you start licking their toes and singing their praises. All for some extra clout and profit smh.  If you actually mean what you're saying, then you shouldn't make anymore "That's Cringe" or any videos like them. Unless you're a hypocrite.
kelsey is so supportive i love it
Cody listens to lil peep 👀 love that
why is this video so different from all the others. i mean the production quality.. damn
Wow this dudes actually a really good person
amazing
I appreciate how you don’t frame Dhar as a bad person like many other commentary channels tend to do. I respect that a lot.
that’s one supportive girlfriend
Didn't realize I wanted wholesome content from Cody, this solidified it. I mean the sketch was cringe but in a good way... and I for sure believed the concept. Great job Cody I loved this. And if you don't make this into some sort of series I'm going to be surprised.
Hey, review your reddit.
Cutw
this is the most grown up thing cody has done, in a positive way
This is soooo sick man
Wait you are ‘struggling’ to write Cody? Yeah nah, not for me I’m afraid...
Imagine Cody and Noel doing a that’s cringe on that same video
I’m waiting for “Girl Defined” collab! That shit will be on another level.
Also why is your girlfriend best
Absolutely smashed it! I’m so happy for you
Unironically I found this so wholesome and touching.
This is actually super cool. Dhar Mann really grew in my eyes!
Cody is all grown up😢
HAHA nice dude, that was lame I love it.
Of course his old ass would be using microsoft word...
The comments on Dhar Mann's video are so wholesome, I've read a few saying that it's helped with schoolwork like math problems and peoples lives in general. God I needed this video, the virus has been such a downer.
It got kind of awkward when the grandpa and young girl started dancing at the end, but overall, really inspirational
Who else is waiting for the Dahr man reply
Why do they all have white names
I like how Cody makes fun of people’s videos but he’ll turn around and do a collab with them. It’s great
I've never been so proud of someone I don't even know
I’m so sorry man 😔
*cody ko makes a cringier video than any video he’s ever reacted to*
great vid!
poggers u made it bro
the drama here was intense.
I love how CodyKo’s whole shtick is making fun of youtubers and then collaborating with them afterwards, like with the kombucha man. The whole style just leads to some funny shit being made and both sides end up enjoying themselves
I love you Cody but why so many ads
I watched the skit before this. Is a whole other experience 😂
AND HIS NAME IS CODY , OHHHHHHHHHHH
this is brilliant
The editing is so cool, I love this change in style 🥰🥰🥰
love how i spent the whole video wondering where he got the hoodie from only to find out its his merch
The editing on this video is def not Cody but it’s really good...
Not working tyler brash and matty into the script is a sin
This is so awesome!! I love this collab! This made me so happy!
Dhar man is really a nice man that's actually passionate about his work:) love this keep doin it✨
I might of she’d a tear or two
"if I eat the cat poop can I at least have a steak"
Next do girl defined
Never would've guessed that Dhar Man would be a "let's circle back" kinda guy hahahahahaha
where’s nole
8:28 cody really messed up that elbow bump lmaoo
Wow this is actually so dope😂I used to rip on his videos so hard but I genuinely enjoyed this one and dhar mann seems like the coolest guy
wow how nice of Dhar Mann to surprise and gift cody for his first time meeting him
Cody PLEASE start doing this kind of stuff with Dharr Mann.
This was some quality content. Good work cody.
did anyone else notice.... "su chef"
Cody x Girldefined collab?
okay but i actually really needed this because my new job let me go after only three days, so i thought i was a failure. i had been job hunting for months, and it was hard especially in this pandemic. so the moral is yes, success requires patience. i have to be patient with finding the right job that will treat me well and will give me long term success. *noel voice* DHAR MANN AHHHH!!
Character development
I cant hear the name dhar mann without thinking of Noel say "Dhar Mann! AHHHHHH!!!"
best dhar mann production
IF YOU MAKE THIS A SERIES WE COULD GET A REAL HD BOY DEFINED
damn, dhar mann humbled cody hehe ♥️
you’re getting kinda chubby kody
new merch is FIRE
my sense of humor is so messed up i can't stop laughing at 16.25  "you can call me cody cook"
the best part was when cody showed up as the new server
I like the editing and the story telling in this one
That’s Cringe: Cody Ko
7:47 cody's soul slowly leaves the body
DHAR MAN AHHHHH
This was just a joke made into something beautiful I love it
This was a breath of fresh air and i really hope this becomes a trend for the commentary community. Mature, introspective, and humbling. This just shows the type of person Cody is, i respect him even more than i already did!
Make more of these so you can make fun of it again😂😂😂😂👍🏼
Dhar Mann actually seems super chill, has a good sense of humour, and is surprisingly self aware and intelligent.
wAiT?!yOu’Re tElLinG mE i CAN TEaCh MySElF gUiTaR wItH ThiS aPp?!!
I love this about cody, he'll come for your whole career but if you can take a joke he's ride or die
when’s the next that’s cringe
Dhar Mann! Aaaaaaah!!!
Part 2 : noel does one too
Can we talk about the maturity and confidence of someone who blatantly gets made fun of and then message that person to say it was funny and that he should do more positive skits😳
8:26 failed corona handshake
Dhar Mann is a chad
Me throughout the whole video: DHAR MANNNNNN AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Bro its just cool how despite the videos you've made he even surprised you with a congrats on hitting 5 mil he's cool as hell
Jake: *drops the soap in prison* Also jake: aight imma head out.
I love this whole roast, then collab cycle Cody has going. Beautiful
My brain is rotting by these transition sound effects
You are face looks dirty
It’s not about “tearing him down”. He’s making superficial inspirational videos to profit of of people. He sells snake oil and makes fuck-ton of money. Don’t feel bad about criticizing conmen
I’m bot crying you’re crying ahaha 😭
o shit he really directed a little play
This video feels so much more professional as opposed to his regular comedic videos.
Not only Facebook and YouTube BUT ALSO TIKTOK
I needed this today 😊
cody is like a little puppy it’s adorable
Dharmann: Make the antagonist the most hateable person ever.  Cody: Names him Jake
Damn, way to step it up man
Cody should announce the Patience Merch drop now and then drop it 2 years later just for the irony
Why did that FaceTime remind me of Dana and the rock all over again   “What’s up brother”
When he said "circle back to my team," I almost lost it 😂
We copy each other’s videos we copy Cody Ko’s
Dhar mann seems like a really nice guy. What a wholesome project!
Why does the antagonist look and sound like Noel if he were pumped with Captain America juice...
ok but when is the girl defined collab
This is cool and all but you making fun of things is definitely better
Dhar-Ko collab
i’m devastated i don’t have money rn to buy the “it’s okay” hoodie😭 i hope it doesn’t go out of stock soon
YouTube videos are like eggs
now this is CONTENT
incredible
Cody literally taught us a lesson about how it’s easier to tear things down than to build them up and then had trouble coming up with a lesson to teach
The floss of the merch b/w the legs at the end was the pinnacle
The video production and effort is so good in this
cody and dar have so much chemistry i know kelsey would be into it too.
I'm not gonna lie this video helped me to finally give an answer to people when they say: oh my gosh that's gonna be so much schooling (I want to be a vet) for some reason its a pet peeve. Can anyone relate lmao
I wish he’d send his merch to Danny and Drew so they could advertise it with their wives too, and then no one mentions it
su chef
I hope everyone involved in the production was isolating and taking care, otherwise this was very risky
This is so wholesome 😭♥️
Cody you're getting new freckles all over your face, pls wear sunscreen more thanks :)
Waiting on Noel's That's Cringe Video on this.
This video is fake. This is too good to be true.
okay but how star struck were you when you met those actors
This feels like a SugarPine7 video.
This needs to be a series. GIRL DEFINED & CODY KO COLLAB NEEDS TO HAPPEN NEXT!!!
Thats effin awesome
Thought it was Noel on the phone in the beginning 😂
sees title "oh cool" DHAR MAN
DHAR MANN IS SO SWEET OMG
I‘m crying
Good video, Cody. Haven’t seen one from you in a while
i was smiling through the whole video i love these positive vibes
love the video but i’d suggest putting a warning before all the flashing in the merch part?
Brb gonna go cry.
SOUS CHEF* bruh
BEHIND
Wasn’t this suppose to come out on Monday?
Crying in the club rn
damn coky you look skinny      great vid tho
there’s no way this actually happened
I needed a Cody vid Td ☺️
“My audience is universal” biggest flex 😭
He really dropped an egg twice
Who's else english is not his first language and fan of cody ko??
i love that his name is cody in the sketch too
not cody spelling sous as “su” 😩
him, GT Dave, and Matty Smokes are all in the hall of fame who handled a Thats Cringe extremely well and got all of our respect
Now it’s time for a collab with Girl Defined
Very bummed you didn’t say frictionless in the skit.
Video title sounds like a porno...
Of course the head chef is named Gordon🤣
Kelsey being the supportive girlfriend she is.🤧💕
Cody is about to hit entrepreneurial status
how many likes to make sad cody your profile pic
I think he’s going to stop doing that’s cringe 😔
the only lesson i learned was that Kelsey is a DHAR MANN stan
Definitely one of the best videos
kelsey should get full credit bro, this is her sketch not yours cody smh my head
This was too good lol
Lesson: Dhar Mann is the most powerful human on earth.
Lets make "Dropping the egg" a new phrase
The Dhar Mann trilogy is complete!
We want Noel back
the way cody stared at the computer screen and didn't know what to write is me everytime I need to write an essay
The craziest thing about this is that Cody uses Pages instead of Word...
Optional title: Cody Ko makes a friend.
the antagonist named jake and the chef named gordon is SO FUNNY TO ME
11:34 mans was upset about his shitty egg
Kevin's actor knew so damn well how to deliver the "you're lookin' at 'em" line, and that shit HITS
He’s our generation’s Mr. Rogers
Yo, this animations are lit
Cody: I think I learned a little something about patience. Also Cody: Impatiently cuts off his own outro to plug his sh*t.
Cody my man why you blushing so much
It all ends up being a plot for darr Mann to kill cody
Kelsey is GOLDEN.
ahahaha I watched the Dhar Mann video and I was like is Cody really not going to explain this lol. it turned out great and might have to cop some merch low key
kinda wanted him to hit a YES CHEF just to be called a loser
I hope Cody shows this to his grandchildren to flex that he was the greatest actor in history.
this was such a refreshing idea for a video, one of my favs of yours!!
Wish getting merch from US to EU wasn't so god damn expensive :/ $55 hoodie becomes $96 after shipping and tax.
It did change mine don’t make eggs fried always boil it or scramble eggs
Didn't doubt Dhar Mann was a good  dude! Especially the 5mil thing. We were just goofin. These things actually do take a lot of thought into them
No wonder the man’s name was Gordon this guy came up with the script 😂
“So we did save a life” - Cody Ko
Poor Cody because of his old age his mental capacity can’t comprehend the Dhar Mann experience
Fuck you are tan Cody! Getting that sun!
Cody: “This is so fuckin simple like it’s so funny”  Also Cody: *takes the time to speak to the creator and learn about the process of making his content, eventually building a bridge of friendship and involvement with each other’s crafts*  This is exactly why he has 5 million subscribers
This is so cool! I’ve never seen this type of content on your channel.
In the outro with dharr, Cody looks like such a douchebag
Cody Kook
Cody your fucking awesome
05:11 two manly men meeting each other: "hey what's up man" "what's up dude" "haha what's up bro"  LOL!
No way this guy is chiller than our man GT.
This is like. Joinen leaves wholesome
Cody became the thing he swore to destroy
why does cody’s hair in the sketch look like the default boy hair on roblox
kinda off topic but thank you for crediting the animator in a way that was easy to find (the top of the description) cuz artists sometimes don’t get credit or it’s difficult to find
Cody this is a masterpiece of a video
at 13:58 in the top right theres an annotation for the video that noel and cody first clowned on lol
is it just me or the whole video just wholesome af😭😭😭
When Cody said "behind", I felt that.
okay, i’m actually tearing up staaahhhppp
Frickshunless.
Cody bro, this is one of your top videos of all time, so entertaining. I’d like to see more of this in future. I love it.
Lol Sarah's face at 11:37 is priceless 😂
Ambitious collab, but it worked out
DAHR MAN
wait dhar man is king tho omg
This was awesome. Great content. Haha
i love everything about this
babe wake up, new cody ko upload
Okay, but Cody in the sketch walks in holding some small plates, bumps into the man and becomes so absolutely distraught he turns around and goes right back where he came from, plates in hand still. Where was he going? What was he doing? Will we ever know? I guess I'll wait and find out!
You can’t judge a dharr by his man
Cody Kook was born the second those cinnamon rolls exited the oven
thankyou TheRealCornelius for the class animation
Why are you making this video so high budget but from home
This is by far the best video to exist on this channel
Kelsey adopt me please
Watch his reactions on the punchlines in the video and compare to his reaction on the same things when he was making fun of them the thing is that he was part of it and saw how much work is put in I mean this video actually taught me something I used to make fun at those videos just like Cody but man this video is sick
This is fucking awesome dude
This gave me an absurd amount of serotonin
They really got Mark Wahlberg in the skit tho
11:59 They’re so adorable and so in love. Goals for real
I love how most of the people Cody and Noel make fun of eventually end up in their videos
Ngl it made me realize I want success fast and often quit jobs when they get hard. Crazy
Meta AF
Dhaaar maaaannn OHHHHHHH
So cool Dhar could get Jake Gyllenhaal to play Kevin, too.
I wasn’t expecting this to be so wholesome
Su chef
7:18 I- Cody😭😭
this is my fav video cody has ever done hahaha
this was actually good 👏
“Here that is”
Dude darhman is awesome
3:42, we just gonna skip over her natural reaction to dodge cody when he lifted his hand up 🤷‍♂️😅😂
😂😂😂
Coming up: The LELE PONS experience
Yo it makes me so happy knowing what a chill dude Dhar Man seems to be. I loved this video so much, you def should do more things like this
What’s up man it’s DHARRRR MANNNNNNN
this is awesome
“here that is”
I actually really like the explanation why the dialogues are on such a simple lvl and it's so overly expressive picture vise
editor rlly stepped it up damn
This is genuinely so interesting, and I   love learning the different strategies that comes with making content, especially when Dhar Mann talks about his audience and the ways he changes the script to fit them. So cool!
You can tell Kelsey’s a really good teacher just from this one video
i really appreciate all the work that went into this video cody. the animations were great too
Great job dude. Awesome video.
Kelsey should be the head Dhar Mann after he retires tbh
I’ve never been that invested in a dhar Mann Video before
I love how when Cody makes a video about someone they invite him to do fun stuff but when Danny makes a video about someone he gets slapped by legal
I see lil peep on in the recommended. good taste bro
"su chef"
This skit was fucking perfect
Please make your YouTube profile pic the  quick shot of you making that smug ass look as the new cook.
What the fuck is the name of the song at the end?!
Cody saying "Behind" and then bumping into someone and being yelled at had me flashing back to all my food service jobs
I don’t get the behind joke
So like Kelsey exists to break down Cody but gently and with love
he rly wrote "su chef" in that first draft 😭🤣
Dhar man seems so chill
Modern day bible stories
What happened to Noel man?
gf hinting at marriage?
Dahrmans (at least old content idk his new) is like Sherlock, as a 14 year old kid you go “WOAAAAAAH DEEEEEP” but as an adult you see that it’s just like common sense shit
Are those fucking Freckles
still cringe but now like...kinda super cute cringe
This gives me Nathan for you vibes
Cody I like you cause you went to duke. Oh. And you’re funny.
This is like Cody Ko meets Yes Theory lol great video
I’m tearing up😢
16:48 THE WAY CODYS WALKINGDWCHFINCS
who else saw the dhar mann video of him in it before he made this vid.
Cody can now put “Author”, in his insta bio😂 (Cody if you’re reading this, I fucking love you dude)
Kelsey looks like Cody's shoulder angel
Man, Cody really lost the battle with dhar man lmao, he fuckin killed him with kindness
Woooow Kelsey really did that 👏🏽
No offence but Cody lookin' like Billy Ray Cyrus lite.
mans said “i’m so sorry man” in the most saddest way possible 😭
Good job Cody.
Can we get a that's cringe with Kelsey and Noel talking about your video.
If Cody and Kelsey ever break up, there’s no hope for us. (Cody, if you’re reading this, I fucking love you dude)
i DIED when Cody got promoted lmao
man i loved this!! dhar mann seems like such a chill dude!!
there's a sidestory where cody is the one that always knocks kevins egg out of the pan, and follows him to each job, kevin cannot escape cody and his careless behind, kevin's life is ruined by cody, who is tormenting him by destroying all his eggs, he then used this power to take kevin's job.
I do like that Cody didn't write Jake to be as unbearable as the other characters in Dhar Mann's sketches. He's a douche but not a horrible person
DHAR MAN  AA!AAAAAAA!AAAAA!AAAAAAAAAA
Bro I really liked the 2nd idea of the bitchy friends cuz it's real and it happens you should do an improved version of it later
Cody looks like Tyler Brash while acting
I hope you get to partner with Dharr man again
You should have Kelsey and Noel make a that’s cringe about this
I fucking love Kelsey hahaha
8:13 notice the jake and paul?
😭😭 I’m crying I love it
New merch is fire
How sweet... An old man filming a YouTube video with his daughter!
Cody really used to have bleach blonde hair,, what was you going through
I’m in love with like... idk Cody’s vibe I guess?
he could've hired 2 cooks. just like gordon hired 2 cooks.
I'm about to get 2 of those hoodiesss😍
No ones mentioning the up in production value here? Its great man
Great video
It’s crazy how much goes into one of those Dhar Mann videos
"there's a lot more work that goes into certain things than you think and you make fun of things because they seem simple and then you try to do them yourself and you're struggling" this is 100% something my mom would say.
I miss the old dude from your videos what happened to him
Dhhhaaarrrr Mannn!!!!
“He’s just a ball of hatred”
Why did Dhar Mann’s surprise 5 mill gift to Cody make me cry
He’s actually really nice
16:17 Cody found that joke way too funny
This is why there is no more that's cringe... oh no
DHAR MANN
I LOVE KELSEY
Thank you for not making this a 3-4 part series 😂
I really like that Cody ends up befriending almost everyone him and Noel initially roast !  Big exceptions: Paul brothers (trash), Dobre bro’s (trash), Girl Defined chicks
Love the merch! If only it wasn’t backed by Killer Merch, I would totally buy something.
Plot twist: Cody's character was the owner of the restaurant.
Def one of your best vids yet Cody, great job!
very meta of you
Because making a egg requires hard work, Gordon Ramsey is lookin at this video very disappointed
good things come to those who wait
We all know why Cody chose jake as the name of the antagonist
wow props to Dhar Mann, hes so cool
kelsey is alpha
I FREAKING LOVE THIS MAN. SO GOOD. and how adorable is Kelsey honestly
Cody I like ur hair long on the sides it looks good
Some people you clown on I'm like "that person's a total asshole". Never thought that about Dhar Mann, and the more I see him, the more I like him.
The amount of ads on this video in the worst times
Any one else kind of hurt that there's no merch that says "Behind"
This was so wholesome
so proud of u cody❤️
This was so wholesome wtf... U changed bro
okay but cody and noel being taught by girl defined how to not be mr struggle
Aww the fact that Dhar Mann surprised Cody with a 5 mil gifts even tho this is the first time he met him is so precious🥺
i hate that im an emotional person and this made me tear up, cody do inspirational videos full time
A sweet little collab. Loved it.
dhar mann is sick af
This is an amazing video. I enjoyed the new way you edited it.  Thanks for putting so much time and effort into all of your videos
My favorite part about this is that Cody gets promoted from sever to cook, as if those weren't too separate jobs entirely.
if his line isnt frictionless i-
This is easily one of my favorite videos Cody has ever made
Now let’s have Noel real to this. 😂😂
Next go and collab with the Christian Girls you made fun of
the part where Dhar Mann got him a gift though 🥺❤️
The promotion from server to cook was so _frictionless_ , Cody :D
love this cody
Kelsey’s hoodie/sweater game is always on point
What a wholesome episode.
This is awesome!
Bro where is Noel
WHY DOES  WHOLE ASS CHEF STRRUGLE TO MAKE EGGS !!!!   I'm sorry I know it's not the point of the video (which was awsome )  but I HAD TO LET IT OUT OF MY CHEST
This better get 69k likes
These animations though! And the entire style of this video is just *chefs kiss*
He has to make 3 scripts??? Mr struggle
Now he has to do the same thing with girl defined
I’m so sorry man. Best line in the whole skit
Cody bringing us sneaky wholesome content
Dharr man is actually a king
Cody wants the SAUCE
This is amazing content
Here before Dhar Mann makes a comment on this video
I LOVE how you kept the integrity of your channel and still have hella fun and not be overly cheese This was SO good
I love how the people Cody makes videos on take it so well.
This is why I love Cody and don’t feel bad watching him trash other peoples content
Love the editing on this. That video essay/reaction video/vlog crossover feels like a whole movid
can noel also react to the video too please
My guy cant even cook an egg and wants to be a head chef
The editing on this is a little different than Cody's usual videos but I'm not mad about it
This was really cool. I love when things turn out like this.
What’s with the animation
this is a really well done video cody
Ι like it when people don't get freaking salty over some comedic criticism. Dhar Mann and GT Dave where beasts.
i need someone like kelsey in my life bruh
1:09
Ahh yes the classic waiter to cook promotion
0:49 so Cody listens to lil peep okay
I loved this :)
Dhar man is actually such a chill person
i hope my mum shares this on facebook 🙏
4:14 That’s the hardest I’ve laughed at a surprise thing since Mr. Sausage blew the remnants out of the tube.
This was SO amazing I loved this so much
kelsey and cody's relationship is so great omg i love them together
Look at Dhar Mann... So inspirational
I wish Noel could be a part of this☹
Dhar Mann’s smile is contagious
This video really has given me another perspective on dhar Manns content, just the different things he thinks about when making them to include as many people as possible is amazing. If he's down you should do a "thats cringe" with him and noel
dhar mann seems so cool what
Why does the dude with glasses remind me of a mix of onion and Shane at some points and it’s creepy as fuuuuuuuuck
Now try to film a video in the "You" style with Noel and ask the couple from the video for tips.
Happy feel mmmmmmmm
Wait, DHAR MANN had the idea for the "I'm so sorry, man" line? Amazing
Okay random but I just watched “the other guys” and now Cody looks like Mark Wahlberg to me and I can’t unsee it 🙂
this is so wholesome thank u mister cody and dhar man
“DHAR MAN AHHHHHHHHH”
Can we get behind on the back of a hoodie as merch lol
That merch is actually sick
Can't write a motivational sketch on the first try? sounds like mr struggle to me.
Absolutely loved this concept. Now I’ll go watch DHAR MANN’S video to give it views so they hopefully do this again.
Cody, you're amazing. Just that. Hah
Gotta love having an emotionally intelligent girlfriend who can help you navigate stuff like this. ❤❤❤ Kelsey. ♥️♥️♥️
Shout out to the animator!! turned out really well!!
This is so fucking legendary. Props to Dhar Mann and Cody 😂😂
Everything Cody does is GOLD
This new format is 🥵
Everyone here involved is so freaking wholesome, from kelsey giving kody inspiration, Cody's character arc, the 5 million subscriber surprise, and dhar Mann being himself was amazing. this is just a youtube classic!
Turquoise is definitely not Cody's color. Great video, though.
Everytime some said DHAR MANN! I had to scream AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
If you look at the bigger picture this is just a big Dhar Mann experience, I mean they've met almost everyone they've made fun of in that's cringe. At the end of this multiple part life lesson, they're gonna learn not to judge a book by its cover.
Can I get a HELL YEAH for the Kevin’s out there! 🤘🏼😁
I’m getting Crea Tyler vibes from this
Most wholesome video of 2020
I really love this ❤
Good job man. Proud of you
First you get matty smokes, then kambucha king, and now DHAR MANN?!? Whos next? Bezos?!?
i can't believe dhar mann surprised u with a 5m subscriber gift that is so sweet!!!
11:40 IT'S SO CRINGY
Everyone watching this better leave a like
kelsey >>>>
DAHR MANN OHHHHHHH!!!
“I never tried to teach anything ever..”  *forgets he STOPPED BULLYING, FRAUD, WAR, ect.* your dementia is taking over...
Cody literally said behind and the other guy had the audacity to get mad smh
I am weitng for when he and jaca pola culab and be on the smea pege 👍👍👍👍😁😁😁
cody is a kid
Fucking brilliant
This is stupid, he expresses the harsh truth of those videos (that they are manipulative and stupid) and he gains millions of views off of it. Now he’s changing his opinion on it and somehow his audience just rolls with it because he’s a “media influencer”. Cody’s become the very thing he made fun of and he’s trying to cover it up. Unsubscribed.
my mannn
Couldn't stop smiling during the whole video
I lowkey hate how he named the head chef gordan 😂😂
That was a whole feel good short film, wth
cody this is such a good video i can see all the effort that you put into it THIS IS SO GOOD 🥺🥺🥺
Everything about this video is beautiful
*10:33* AHFJDJSKDKDKD IM ABT TO PEE MY PANTS!! 😭😭 WHY DOES CODY LOOK LHKE A PROUD FATHER WATCHING HIS 7 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER PRETWND TO BE A TREE FOR THE SCHOOL PLAY?!????💀💀
Dhaar man seems like such a cool dude 😂😂 It's like when you see a kid you hate but end up vibing with💀
That 5 million subscriber surprise was so wholesome. That was genuinely heartwarming
There was a McDonald’s ad on this video, and the song in the background literally sounded like the song in the video it was a weird moment when I thought Cody just randomly put a Big Mac on the screen😳
I really dig the new editing style. Good vid🤙
"I'm so sorry, man."  I felt that.
This was actually amazing
Cody listens to peep<3
And in one of his videos u always have to remeber when the person who was dumped on u have to start the lesson with " Well You See". I think that chef's archenemy is eggs 🥚 .
Gordon: Are you gonna clean it? No one: Mcdonald’s Ad: *sad ba da da da da* Me: 🥺
See, Dhar Mann is making like, modern day fables. Simple tales that are semi entertaining and have a good message
but the sketch was so good though
This Cody format is actually really good
One of your best videos Mr Ko.
*Sous-chef
Look at Dhar Mann, so inspirational
I think Dhar’s videos are fake af and corny, but at the end of the day, this mans a genius.... knows what the stupid people of the internet want. Smart.
i'm waiting for noel's reaction lmaooooo
I wanna see the other sketch with the rich girls tho
Now, that script was actually good, if all the videos were like that Cody wouldn't had made videos about him in the first place
Best video ever
This is actually so wholesome lol I love the commentary videos but this style of video would be so cool to see more of in the future!
bruh i saw this on facebook yesterday
Dhar Mann is the veggie tales of our generation, telling stories and changing lives
the merch outro gave me seizure
If smoothie bowls aren't included in the sketch I'll be really upset...
The new head chef should've started his own restaurant. It wouldn't make sense for the Jake to go back as it doesn't fit his character. It would've been cooler if he walked into a restaurant & realised it was owned by his former colleague.
this is honestly one of ur best videos
Dude cant make eggs for shit.
Great job! Loved the video!
DHAR MAN
this editing is TOP NOTCH
Wait I'm so proud of him the video has 2M views and he did SO GOOD!
Wait, Cody wasn't the guy in the glasses the whole time? I was watching this video wrong.
damn cody, half a mil in 3 hours
Only in the world of commentary could the people who are the topics be cool with it. Maddy fucking smokes, Kombucha King, and now Dhar Mann.
Me seeing this mere hours after his HR reached out to me for a job at LiveGlam 👁👄👁
No joke, this was one of the most wholesome and full circle videos I've watched
i really did love this video. it was so wholesome and i’m not even kidding i got teary eyed watching dhar mans finished product. and it was hilarious seeing cody’s and acting lmfaooo. overall amazing video
Yooo Kelsey shat all over him and I loved it 😂😂good video real talk
This is such a lovely video to see🙌🏾❤
This is some surprisingly healthy commentary
11:52 my new twitter pic
Where’s noel
Tag urself I'm "su chef" instead of Sous chef.
Cody looks so broken in the sketch
It’s like having your own movie
This video is so wholesome
Honestly, one of the best
This video was fucking dope
8:27 why, just why cody
How to give more than one like to this. This is so wholesome. ❤️
I can't lie.... This kinda inspired me as much as it made me laugh. Thank you💕💕
Dhar Mann is in holding a gun to Cody behind the camera
I am so surprised with how that video turned out
so this is what he was talking about in his previous videos that he got good content to come ...... good job
why did i cry at the end
I love Jakes fancy restaurant with the busted door with no doorknobs 15:00 😂
Dhar Mann: *makes corny videos* Me: *makes fun of him* Also Dhar Man: *is super nice guy* Also me: SHIT
Noel needs to react to this and rip on it
Loved the video idea , the cartoon also was a great touch !! Well done Cody , really impressed 😊
Dhar Mann is a good guy, he takes jokes lightly and even wants to collaborate with Cody lmao
dhar man is actually a king
cody cook
This actually is so good
Lets be real, if a head chef tells a line cook to do something different and the line cook refuses, he's terminated effective immediately.
I love this so much
So now it’s time for you to do a collab with Girl Defined, right?
Next video, Cody and John quinones collab on a “What Would You Do”
3:35 Damn Kelsey works at McDonalds now the struggle is real
so wholesome
this is some growth 🥺🥺 while i hope we still kinda make fun of things forever around here, it's so nice to see some wholesome content on here too!!!
Damn that merch ad
DID YALL SEE LIL PEEP ON HIS RECOMMENDED
Hey I loved your work in Sky High, Cody.
since when did cody ko get dem freckles
This was amazing bruv
Cody should act no cap
Whenever I watch videos about Dhar Mann, and they say his name, the first thing that comes to my mind is Dharmannder
I looooooove this
such a sick video
the animation is so good
Cody laughing at only himself is so wholesome for some reason
I caught my grandma watching one of his vids the other day
KOMAN
I’m upset frictionless didn’t make an appearance
Say all you want, but nobody dropped Kevin's eggs
Okay, we officially stan Dhar Mann and I love that
"You can call me Cody Kook..."
“hey brother”
You should get Noel to roast the vid
Both Dhar Mann and Kombucha Man are chill asf
I aspire to have a relationship like Kelsey and Cody where I can rehearse my scripts with my partner. Absolutely adorable.
I like the editing of this video
4:20 so what happened is the adobe project fucked something up and the version thats here is just a screen capture. also haha stoner number
so off topic but kelsey fucking around with her pockets is a WHOLE mood
cody cook.
Are you guys also getting struggle man vibes? pathetic!
let’s make cody’s video the most watched on dhar mann’s channel
He made me realize these are great videos for people learning English.
I think he’s struggling cuz it’s hard to write shitty content that truly is comedically simplistic
Dang this guy actually is super wholesome and chill
The way the characters and dhar Mann speak in the videos make a lotta sense when you find out they are also for non English speakers.
dhar mann is the fucking man
Yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo this is really good tbh
So proud... thats all i have to say <3
Cody this vid is amazing!!
When Dhar Man came on the skype call you should’ve had the noel cut go DHAR MAN OHHHHHH
That merch commercial at the end convinced me  I’m hopping on one of those hoodies
this is wholesome, entertaining, uplifting. EVERYTHING IN BETWEEN, loved this cody <3 now i want eggs tho lowkey lol
so THAT'S what a supportive girlfriend looks like. Never seen one in real life.
I LOVE that you make real friends with the people you roast. 😂
omg kelsey's lil pose after "patience is a virtue :)"
not Cody writing su chef pls
I like how Cody is one of the few commentary/rant channels that actually gets to know the people he rags on. It honestly brings good vibes finding out that these people aren't complete douches all the time.
What would be cool is if Cody didn’t tell Noel and they do a video on the video and that’s how he surprises Noel.
“Nah you can’t be a line cook. Wanna be a server?” That’s a way better job!
I love that cody actually goes out and meets the people he pokes fun at. It really sets im apart  Also makes good videos lol
first was a hotbox with matty, then visiting the kombucha lair and now making a sketch with dhar mann?? bro hopefully next is bible reading with girl defined
why am I crying um ew
I was napping and this played and I thought it was a fever dream. I woke up and realized it was real, wild.
the best dialogue is between cody and dhar mann :  «Yes» «Hey what's up, man?» «Heyyy what's up, dude?» «Ahaha aaaaa, what's up, bro?» «How are you?»
I love that cody doesn’t know how to spell sous chef
The way cody wrote “su chef” instead of “sous chef” :,)  Sous is actually French for “under” so sous chef is literally the chef under the main chef.
This is awesome 😎
Cody has to drop the hair care routine now
Where's Noel??
you should write a dhar mann script about you when you made fun of dhar mann videos and then actually met dhar mann and learned theres more to making his videos than you thought and to never judge a book by its cover
Gotta stan cody for being able to be friends with and respect the people he roasts, though also I love seeing the other people being such good sports. Dhar Mann here had similar energy to when Cody and Noel met GT Dave and honestly I'm here for these character arcs, good wholesome content
Okay it was really cool of Dhar Mann to do this after Cody made fun of him.
love that the head chef's name was just Gordon
lil peep in his yt homepage
where’s noel at???
codys character really got the white people smile down
Best video in a bit... sry
get mr mann on the podcast
Dhar mann video's are still trash
Why does Cody dress like the coolest 6th  grader?
AMAZING.
Kelsey is so good for you
Like the new type of video style
The blue it’s ok go hard af.
I mean it's good that ur trying something new but God damn it's corny lol it's painful to watch
DOOR SALESMAN AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
I’m glad Dhar Mann is helping this make a wish kid :)
I instantly have respect for anyone one youtube that can watch a video of themselves being memed on and not take it too seriously.
I think that Dhars videos are distasteful kitsh, but I admire that he was willing to work with cody
the soup he tasted was just fk water.
wholesome 100
Yo this was such a wholesome video of an old man.
ok but i also loved the animated cut scenes in this. s/o to the animator he collabed with!
yo why this an actually wholesome video?
I know this was a skit but I knew a couples people like Jake and worse because they haven't learned 😐. They have the mindset of "I have no work experience and this is my first job, but why am I not being paid like the CEO? I'm obviously better than everyone here" and they get fired 5 months later.
this is fucking epic
Damn bro Dhar Mann is so dope. This was hilarious HAHA. When's Noel gonna watch this on stream
I watched ur darh Mann video today literally
This is the definition of quality content and also makes me laugh in joy Hahaha UUUHHH O YEAH     If you don’t watch the TMG podcasts then you don’t know what I just did 😂😩
lmao imagine watching their that’s cringe for the first time and curiously you decide to check out the rest of dhar mann’s channel. and the fucking first video you click on features the guy who just dragged the shit out of it
Lmaoo
Cody officially has a f boy laugh by accident
Bruh why does this look like a gay porno
You probably taught a lot of people and don't even realize it man ✅
i want noel to torch him but it’s actually really good i think
The redemeption arc
Holy shit! Kelsey is a wise sage. We never knew.
I love this, this is so wholesome.
Dhar Wars: A New Cringe  Dhar Wars: The Inspiration Strikes Back Dhar Wars: the Return of the Man
I was cringing the whole time... this is so bad 👎if you want to do something, do it good, not half assed. This was terrible
You have become the very thing you swore to destroy... am I’m all for it
Honestly I would've thought that it would turn out jake was dying or something if I watched the video 1st
Where's his oscar????
Good to see that Noel grew his hair out for this Dhar Mann video
Kelsey spitting bars at 7:55
god i love u. and kelsey. dam
I think thats one of the best videos Cody ever made
Dhar Mann's voice is so funny.
Cody this was really wholesome and really well done! You and Dhar Mann created something wonderful together, I hope you are both proud of that!
hahahaha bro!! props!!
Kelsey's been keeping that "patience is a virtue" card in her back pocket for A WHILE now
Restaurant Owner: so, why did you have such short periods at so many different places? Jake: an egg. O_O
can kelsey wash her sweats lol
merch edit big fye
This was great
why does cody's pool lowkey look like jake paul's old house lmao
Super video keep it up mate❤❤❤
I've worked in a kitchen for years, and that "BEHIND" shit was so accurate.
8:28 you fist bumped his elbow lol
English ist my first language either, yes plz give me a sticker thankyou
I was just thinking about Dhar Mann yesterday holy shit
This is such a wholesome twist in the Dhar Mann saga 🥺
Cody really did do a good job on that
Kelsey dancing at the end made my day lol
Kelsey's kindergarden teacher vibes are soo obvious in this video she is so supportive 🥺🥺💕💕
0:49 look at the mixes, guess Cody's a peep stan, we love to see it
When Cody said 'I'm so sorry...' I literally started dying for the first time in months, thank you Dhar Mann
Literally just went back on his word
No but where tf is Noel?
Such a cute video omg
You need a haircut bro
Kelsey's kindergarden teacher vibes are soo obvious in this video she is so supportive 🥺🥺💕💕💕
very funny thanks bruh
Cody is the new shane dawson, but better
this is giving me mini documentary vibes and honestly felt more intriguing than sh*ne d*wson's 8 part series. i said what i said.
I saw that lil peep playlist 😏
The fact that Darr Mann basically got roasted (jokingly) for years by Cody and pays him back with a 5 million subscriber celebration just goes to show that you can really turn anything to be in your favor with just a little humor and ✨patience✨
cody likes lil peep
DHARR MANN OOOOHHHH!!!!!
damn that was frictionless
this is  my favorite video so far
This is super cool! I love how you got to see what he does and respect it
kinda sick rebrand mr. ko, you got my like
7:45 best part of the video
Great job man! Love IT<3
Congrats Cody.
This was one of the best videos by Cody by far!!! Keep up the good work man!!! Can’t wait to see what you and Dhar Mann got for us in the future😭
cody should have his own sketch company?) and call it kody&co.
Ummmm the editing on this video though....🔥🔥
What happened to Noel???
I couldn't help it every time I saw Codys face in the short I couldn't stop laughing for like 2 minutes rewinding it so many times
Stan Kelsey, the puppet master
Cody my school starts on Monday it would be nice if you wished me luck
was anyone else watching moist critkals stream? he was watching dhar mann and he clicked on this video cody made to see if that was him in the thumbnail lol
Cody bullies and you makes you look good at the same time
Greatest video on YouTube
Where’d the production boost come from???
Why does it look like they’re in Danny Duncan’s backyard at the end of the vid lmao
Do a that’s cringe episode on this
Bruh how is this even real
when kelsey is an actual teacher lmao
9:41 He looks so young and fresh on this thumbnail I'm so proud of our old man ❤️
2:40 - 3:00 sounds like every artist being let down tbh
just because something takes “a lot of hard work” doesnt mean the end result is good. a lot of ppl spend a lot of time doing shit that they arent good at or that end up being garbage. look at the new mutants movie. all that time and hard work for a piece of hot ass garbage.
Why was the editing so gay?
Dhar Mann seems like the coolest, nicest dude
Dhar Mann giving Cody a lil 5mil surprise was adorable ngl
Loved this video
Well, you know what they say. You can't ruin a chef's career without dropping a few eggs.
Did... the quality of editing... just f*ckin’ go super saiyan!?
okay but forreal best video ever
I’m proud
I love Cody but this is cringe.
This is nuts, awesome vid Codemeister!
I love how Cody and Noel roast people and then end up collaborating with them
:)
Yo why is my heart warmed
I kinda want Cody and Dhar man to do vlogs, maybe live together or go on a date? You guys make a great pair. Just some suggestions.
Cody made fun of him twice yet he’s still super cool about it and he made him a 5 mil surprise party.       Dhar mann for the win
hes met mattysmokes, he met dhar mann. when's he going to be meeting girl defined !?
Dude these animations are everything
You’re my dhar man experience tbh
Cody cook.
who dropped it!  Cody : Woh Rashi Thi!!
15:38 Cody got so serious when he was glorifying his line 😂💀
Good to see Dhar Man giving shit actors a chance
A good continuation could be Cody gets mad at jake for bumping into him while he’s cooking eggs then gets demoted and jake gets promoted
I’m lovin the hair Cody
You should be proud man
Cody made fun of the guy not once, but twice, AND the guy decides to work with him on a sketch even after all that and THEN he turns around and gets Cody a gift to show his support.....  ngl Dhar Mann is kinda fire
The production on this video 🔥
I don't think Dhar Mann has ever been seen not smiling
That white sweater is kinda dope
This was such a wholesome video dude. Dhar Mann seems like such a nice guy
this video did change lives, it changed cody’s life
Everything about this video even the merch plug , I love it.(:
kevin is kelsey and cody's child.
This video would've been complete with noel here
you killed it! for being your first sketch it performed so well. hope you treat yourself to something nice, you deserve it!
Once again another victim of Cody’s roasting bein cool IRL lol. Matty Smokes, GT Dave, and now Dhar Mann
I can never take you seriously Cody even ina sketch like this I can't help but laugh at the facial expressions
PLEASE tell me the KITH on Cody’s shirt is a reference to Kids in the Hall...
behind!!
This is why you're one of my fav youtubers. You can dish it out and laugh but also turn around and learn about the things that go into it. I love it.
What is this improvement in editing for a single video
The merch add is superb
Ayeeee I already watched the skit I loved and I didt even know that you wrote it but now I know I really loved it tho it was good wasn’t it the 3 rd last video maybe don’t know
Gotta say, I kinda like positive Cody being all uplifting and shit
7:45 Kelsey just spitting fire facts
Best vid vet who did the animation.
I. SAID. HOW. MANY. MORE. MINUTES. ON. THOSE . EGGS??
So now we need Noel to do a That’s cringe to this
i can only imagine what's on untitled 1
7:47 THE WAY KELSY READ YOU LMAOOO
how fucking stoned is dhar mann
I love that the head chef is named Gordon
I think I found my new favorite anime
Brandon lupine did freaking amazing on that merch ngl 🔥
Im at 7:52,   Can we just take a second to realize how awesome of a girlfriend Kelsey is?  Mans got destroyed and shes over here building back up instantly and effortlessly 😂
I’m digging the more “cinematic” tone dude
How much for the hoodie he scrubbed his balls with? Asking for a friend lolz.
This really took way to long for what it is
I can’t with this, it was funny 😄 but so wholesome ❤️
“Puppet Master Kelsey” sounds like a rap name
Kelsey and drew's wife Amanda need to collab
Got chills tho no cap
7:57 Mr. Struggle over here
"Su chef" ahhahaha your chef in spanish instead of "sous chef"
is it just me or the pool they filmed the merch shots buy looks like emma chamberlains pool?
Wait did that really read “Su Chef” 🤣
Next up: The Arlan Robotics Building Brighter Sex Robot Warriors Experience
that was one awkward elbow bump
so wholesome
Cody u had the chance to say chode and you blew it....
Video idea: kelcey wrote a script for me
I think this is my favorite video on YouTube
awww dhar man!!!!!
I love how Kelsey explains his life lesson.  She is a boss.
Me after watching this video: *cooks egg for 10 minutes*
THE REAL CORNELIUS YOOOOOOOOOOO
when kelsey kissed cody on the forehead:,)
The patience collection part at the end was the best
that intro giving me willne vibes
Man you shoulda reacted with Noel too
Guy: i wanna quit Cody: im bouta save this mans whole career
this was really cool! I love all your content but it’s super interesting to see you branch out on occasion
11:08 I swear that was straight up water I love this couple-
cokeandnuts
This is a really good and wholesome video. So this is a comment for the algorithm
Wait he rly rly rly- he- rly rly- he-
FOUR ads on one video you really outdid yourself
um this is ??? so wholesome ???
Yo amazing shit. Lot more work and in depth than a typical roast vid. Always love your shit, keep it going til your 50. Almost there!
YES!
I feel like even though cody played a minor character, you could really see his whole backstory just through those two lines
From all the people i subscribed to over the years and trying to advertise their merch .. Cody Ko got the best Ad ever xD  Should be at the end of every video he produces .. keep it up Ko Never danced to an Ad like this
Wtf was that act 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I feel like this video is kinda a dahr man video where Kody didn't realize the effort that goes into making these sketches. morale  of the story don't judge a book by its  cover
A video just filled with wholesome-ness
Good video!
I don't mind the inspirational sketch genre but the whole monolith of portraying women as one dimensional characters who only like a man for their money or success makes me quite uncomfortable. That's my only real problem with Dhar Mann's content as it seems to be at the heart of many of his sketches, at least ones I've seen.
0:49 Cody has been listening to lil peep, a man of culture, I see
Aw man, I wished Noel was part of this sketch.
That was just amazing...
This sketch actually made me learn something. How to make eggs properly.
this is the cutest shit ever, respects to dhar mann and of course to you too, loved watching this
Shoutout to the person who did the animated sketches
CODY. I LOVE THIS!!!
k but that second sketch was like the side plot of heathers
This is such a good video loooolllll Dhar Mann is cool as fuck
BEHIND !!
There is so much depth in this video
This video is gonna pop the fuck off with the views
never judge a book by its egg
Subtle flex right there tho 3:30 :C i wish i had a mac
He called it a su chef 😂
W H A T
tbh i hated dhar mann in the beginning. idk why but he seemed like such an arrogant duche in his videos but after this video i feel so different about him. he seems so nice now and I think that this is my lesson...
ah yes I see Lil Peep on Cody's home page he is a man of good taste I suppose
bro dhar mann gave cody my favorite brand of rosé in that 5 mil gift lmao we stan
This was one of his best videos holy shit
Goddamn, almost all episodes of That's Cringe have turned into something super wholesome. What's next, Cody appearing on Girl Defined? On second thought, let's not do that
the editing style is so different, like it though
I really liked this, especially when Kelsey roasted you about learning a life lesson since you’ve been roasting dahh Mann and found out how much goes into his skits 😂 go Kelsey
What brand is his black hoodie?
i LOVE this character development from cody!! i do love hos content regardless but it's nice to see him revisit something and look at it in a new light.   was also great  to hear dhar mann's workflow. i didn't even think of non-english speakers and kids watching this, hence why it's so simple and to the point. really glad he's trying to make his content as accessible as possible
i feel like this would become a series like cody tried painting, baking and now writing a script. But what's next tho🤔🤔🤔
Bro, Dhar Mann is such a stand up dude
Gonna be honest before I watched it here on yt I didn’t think that was you 😂😂😂
im crying
I got goosebumps
trying to start an assignment like: 3:24
Cody COOK, I’m fucking dying lmaoooooo
Any body else got emotional at the final product kus me too ❤️
great video, congrats Cody
HAHAHAHHAHQ Dhar man its so smart
Nobody see the awkward fist to elbow shake at 8:30? EEEE
I’m so sorry man but this video is amazing 😭❤️
Awwwww yiss! :3 The Mann himself makes an appearance! Beautiful. :u
i feel hella corny commenting this but today i was having a hella bad day because i couldn’t register for my uni classes in time, delaying my graduation date... and then cody uploaded this video all about patience and shit. what the fuck dude.  thanks
i saw lil peep for a split second there cody you have good music taste
Dhar man is one wholesome dude ngl
I can't take Cody seriously in this type of setting lol
dhar manns sense of humour and ability to take a joke is the real inspiration here
I clicked so fast
I LOOOOOOVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEDDDDD IIIITTTTTTTT💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
DHAR MANN FAM
This is so wholesome. And Cody is right.i don't pay attention to the thing about video being accessible worldwide either. This is legit stuff my parents and cousins are on Facebook  Very humbling. And dhar mann and his team, absolute bros.   This was a great video start to finish.
Cody: I can relate to that because patience is not a virtue that I have Kelsey: right [looks directly to camera]
I know this is going to sound trite, but...I heard this just when I needed it ...not PSYCHE!  🙏🤗
Heres to hoping Noel does a "Thats cringe" on this video.
this.. is... wholesome.??? okay I’ll bite
This kinda like the show called "rosa de Guadalupe" there always a meaning in the end
Loved the editing on this video
Knowing Dhar Man makes his videos keeping in mind not everyone speaks english made me feel so much respect for him. ✨
Kelsey is the sweetest human ever.
Super proud of you Cody! That was lit
-hey what's up -what's up dude -what's up
Best video I’ve ever seen from you
Dharr Mann is so cool haha❤️❤️
Noel?
i saw wittle peep omg my heart go bombombom
Holy shit Cody is insane
I DIED when cody’s line was behind😂 i work in a restaurant and that’s probably one of my most commonly used words😂
You are the GOAT Cody!!
I didn't even realize that was you Cody.
Kelsey: you're learning your life lesson rn, you're struggling...  Sounds like Mr Struggle to me
why is dhar mann lowkey hella fine....
Goddamnit Dhar Man is so wholesome.....I want to cry, he seems like such a nice, real dude. I’ve invested so much time in videos just DUNKING on his content but like, dam now I gotta re-evaluate my behavior and I DONT WANNA
5:12  *YES* “Ayye what’s up man!” “Aha ha hey what’s up dude!” “Yeah man what’s up!” “Yeahh what’s up man how are ya”
Cody must be having good se,x bc there’s no way he would do this on his own
DUDE YOU KILLED IT WITH THE MERCH
This is lowkey so cute omg 😭
what’s the merch song? where do you find these songs cody
Cody needs to write all of Dahr Mann’s sketches
That ominous music made me think that the guy would just kill the head chef then and there
the intro reminds me of yes theory videos
Such an amazing video!! Cracked me uppp
i can't believe dhar mann just schooled you on ethnocentrism 😭
this shit made me cry
Wait this whole video was actually super wholesome
I saw the dhar mann video and the thumbnail had you I thought I was seeing things 😂😂 then I saw the vid and I could not believe you were in it 😂😂
Fuckin love this
This video is annoyingly beautiful. The greatest third act to a YouTube friendship.
OMG the animation when she smacked the wall OMfg LMAO 😂😭
20:09  Guys what do you see...          some blue ass water
Everyone is talking about Cody naming the antagonist Jake but no one is talking about him naming the head chef after Gordon Ramsay
Next, you should actually try pony play
This is a BANGERRRRRRR
This is so cute!
Been waiting so long for this vid, did not dissappint
0:48  am i the only one that noticed peep
Cody chose the best actors haha
OH MY FUCKING GOD 🤣🤣 thank you so much for the A+ content
Cody making the antagonist named jake and his only line is “I’m so sorry man” a GENIUS
Kesly coming in with McDonald’s shirt 🤣😂I actually want one just cause kesly made it look cool 😎
when cody got on facetime with dhar mann it went like this: "whats up dude!" "whats up man!!" "what is up!" "whats upppp." "are you moving?"
We stan the dhar mann
This video was so well made, great editing
For the end it would have been great if they made him clean up some eggs!
Who else saw this on the subreddit
Your next videos title needs to be something about roasting one of his videos and then compliment them
Watch DHAR MANN tear the shit out of Cody’s vid
*DHAR MANNN!!!!!!*
i actually had my house burned down while a party with my “friends” i wasn’t invited to was happening a few doors down, the girl throwing it didn’t like me and wouldn’t let anyone leave the house to check on me or my family. after she found out my house caught fire she tried to change the story. wack
I want Noel to react to this
Thank you
Cody: did i kill it?? 😀Did i do a god job?? Did i!?😃 Kelsey: yes (forehead kiss)   Me: 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
Does Dhar Mann ever stop smiling?! wtf
dhar mann seems like such a nice dude
Why did this new Dhar Mann video make me cry?
You could literally make a video of Cody making fun of the videos and then tries to make one and learns the lesson that it’s not as easy as it seems and there’s more behind the scenes that is unknown 😂😂
Learn something Dobre brothers, instead of acting like beta males
Noel watching this like:  👁👄👁
OMG ITS LIL PEEP AT 0:50
DHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm at the point just before you watch the finished sketch for the first time... Man I've gotta say I LOVE this collab, i've loved all the colabs you've done with people you've previously made videos about, be it content or like just going to see the Kombucha guy haha. Having a tough time right now, both my parents are ill in varying degrees, and it's just so nice to have some more of your quality content and bants to reignite my smile, peace and love brother <3
hes gone soft
This video feels like a Dhar Mann video in its self.
Noooooooo way Cody great job great job
this was so HEARTWARMING when dhar mann surprised him for 5 mil subscribers???????!!!!!!! r u kidding me i teared up. so many moments in this vid made me so happy
This could be a great series.... Trying to make the content people Cody and Noel have made fun of 😂  Like imagine Cody making a Dre drexler style video
Whoa, new Cody, WHO DIS? I guess "if you can't beat em,... try harder at beating em!" -the Bible, Act 1: Scene 3
That is 100% a sympathetic congratulations. You killed the script though!
that kith shirt is cringe
taking “i know i’m a side character” to a new level codes love it
not even capping, i actually tearded up from that
so wholesome
dhar mann is an actual sweetheart wtf
Oh my god I love Kelsey so much.
cody wrote su chef lols
My mom who is a huge dhar Mann fan is gonna love this
This is one of my new favourite videos, love it!!!
Cody deadass went from dhar Mann to dhar stan
the cartoon editing was so different but i’m here for it
where tf is the girl defined collab bro 😤😡
This has turned 2020 around
What the fuck😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 this is so good
Some say that egg was never cleaned up
i love how supportive Kelsey is🥺
I love dhar mann
My favorite video so far from you
Yaay I love Cody💞
THE EGG SLAP ON THE FLOOR
Kelsey, the puppet master
It's so great that it turns out Dhar Mann is actually a pretty cool guy.
I think my favorite part is we have this seemingly insignificant character in the background (you) who even rises up in his own journey in the end
4:00 - 4:08 Haha, looks like Kelsey and I use the same technique when our balls itch😂
the coma one was SO GOOD, make your own version of it w noel 😂😂
Cody got that prince charming hair flow going on up there
Wow this has to be one of your best videos yet!   Love the merch vid haha it was 👌🏻
Dhar Mann has my respect fully he is such a nice guy
Dharr Man is like... the nicest
Cody brings me so much joy
0:49 He listens to lil peep 🔥
Kelsey is the most supportive partner of all time. Its the best
the sketch is dare i say frictionless
0:38 feels like Disney channel like the kid is in detention and he like "hold on your probably wondering how I got in this situation this go to the every beginning"
Its kind of wholesome when the people cody makes fun of are cool about it.
Actually really great man
this shit is so cool man great vid
"That's Cringe narrative closure" is my favorite type of Cody video, this is beautiful
i want kelsey to kiss me on the forehead 🥺
Where's Noel??
The message inspired me so much.... I swear nobody had ever told me to BE PATIENT.... Not even in kindergarten.
As a Canadian Cody of course has to say sorry 😂😂😂
id never vbe able to do this xD big probs cody man
Me when i see cody in a Dhar mann video: *insert dicaprio pointing meme*
cody picked that actor to play Jake bc he lowkey looks like noel
I saw this sketch on Instagram a few days ago, and let me just say: seeing Cody in a Dhar Mann video was a total slap to the face. I went into a state of shock, died, and then resurrected. Truly a holy experience.
This was so good. I actually died at I’m so sorry 😂😂😂
i still want a "blue ass water" shirt/hoodie........................
DHAR MANNN
This content is wholesome on another level.  Was I ready for it to sucker punch me out of the blue? No. Am I happy that it happened? *insert 100 emoji*  Do I crave more? Yes, like it’s crack.
Where’s noel
Cody you’re so awesome. I love seeing you grow and learn stuff and be a great human
Damn kelsey ripped into your soul around 8mins
this video is just so cool. massive respect. the animation is also sick
i dont have patience for ppl l;ike trump and ppl ignoring the issues going on ike BLM and COVID
R.i.p lil peep
Wow, cody's mom is so nice
*Plot twist:* Cody's become everyone's darling in the YouTube scene.
Congrats on 5 mil bro!
lol the lil peep
I'm really liking Cody's long hair
Wow Dhar Mann is actually a really cool guy
Cody's next video should be him and Noel roasting this
Omg am I a Dhar Mann stan now?! What a cool dude
Cody looks so proud haha
He did that already
I love how you can tell how proud Kelsey is of Cody
everyone thinks the world revolves around them when it doesn't. there is your lesson for the day
Absolute bangpiece of a video
I love how Kelsey looks so proud of herself when Cody gets all hyped up @4:28
Kelsey was 100% being a puppetmaster
Cody Kook
this is like your best video i enjoyed it a lot
Aww that’s super sweet, nice job Cody!!
honestly cody, damn bro!
"How hard is that line hit"
Epic new video style and editing style
Petition for Kody and Girl Defined to collab pfffffft hahahahahahaha
This was insanely positive I love it. Also I love Kelsey as a modellllll
Matty Smokes, and Cody Cooks
Okay maybe I’m lost but where did the designs for her mercy come from? It’s okay and the face don’t make sense but I’m probably missing out on something
Kelsey on the couch behind Cody is my inner voice lmao
Dharrrrrrrr mannnnnn
I laughed so hard 😂😂😂
Cody be blessing us today
need the new merch for my next trip omg
This is so on DHAR-BRAND!!! love it
It's really amazing how he makes theese videos weekly
Kelsey’s voice 😍
If the Dobre brothers were this cool we could’ve gotten a Knock it off remix ft the dobre brothers but nah
Cody’s second sketch was just mean girls
the sketch was frictionless
Cody looks like a discount Justin Bieber and I’m here for it
When he surprised Cody with the 5mil thing that actually brought the biggest smile on my face
Why doesn’t Cody just start his own fashion brand? Why bother with merch? Seems like he could kill it.
Big Lessons in this vid
what brand is that your wearing on the set of Dhar Mann place ? Looks fresh
This is actually really wholesome.
this is amazing nice job cody this was hilarious and cool to see
Anyone else notice the editing and animations are so much better in this video.......🧐 maybe.... he took...... more time to make it?????
I'm OBSESSED with the concept of this style of commentary - obviously, like you said, making fun out of people's content can be fun to make (and to watch), but watching you revisit his videos by making one of your own was really cool
At first, i thought Cody was being a bitch for becoming friends with people he flamed before, like what he also did with Maddy Smokes. But i realized it shows a change in character in cody, and rather than seeing the negative things in videos, he sees how much time and effort and the effect the videos can have on people (like he said in the beginning of the video)
"behind" *Oscar winning performance mode on* "I'm so sorry man"
Cody saying he’s never been inspirational and shit as if knock it off wasn’t the most inspirational song with the deepest message ever.
This whole relationship between Cody and Dahr Mann is a Dahr Mann plot it’s self; Guy bullies man working hard, then guy wants to work with man
Dhar Mann is THE MAN
_Cody Kook appears in the sketch_ Kelsey: adores Cody Cody: YO BRUH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Is this the fried egg restaurant
I really wanna clown the cringe, but I just can’t. My 2020 heart needed something wholesome.
only 90's kids remember when cody was actively trying to be an actor
This was fucking great, it's just a shame Cody doesn't know anything about fitness.
server to a cook? yall never seen ratatouille or sumn?
Dope 🔥🔥
Jake Jones is a Mr. Struggle
Lmao the bad guy looks like Noel
I know all these comments are serious about Cody like being mature about this but I can't be the only one who thinks those cartoon drawings of Cody's sketches were so funny lmaoooo
This IS SO FUCKIN WHOLESOME THIS MADE MY DAY
Dhar Mann seems like a genuinely nice dude
Cody get some online ceramics tees
“Su chef” is perfect!
dhar mann should host a that's cringe with you next
for those of you wondering why it's funny that the antagonist's name is jake: remember the whole "bullying" beef with mr. paul. i didn't get it at first either hahah. hope this helped!(:
God, love these positive videos
The head chef literally tasted W A T E R
i couldn’t stop laughing at how he used to mock this guy and then now he made one himself😂
man, now cody is even an ~actor~
That little forhead kiss from kelsey was so cute
“su chef” is killing me. it’s spelled sous chef but A for effort bub!!
This shows cody just ain't an internet troll 😂😂
So did Jake bump into you and you dropped your eggs?
I love how every greeting between you and Dhar Mann is just   “Hey what’s up bro?” “Hey man what’s up” “Hey bro what’s up how you doin?”
Next should be making a video with girl defined
I’m dead ass really impressed and liked this way more than I thought I would. My favorite video surprisingly, keep up the great work old man!
This is growth
your best video yet
I kind of.. stan Dharman now?
Dhar Man has joined GT Dave in my book of hella cool dudes who can take a joke!  I love seeing Cody work together with the guys he's poked fun at in previous videos.  It's super wholesome :)
Is there anyone else like me who guessed the "You are looking at him" line before he said it?
Yoooo hellboy was at the top of Cody’s YouTube we love to see that
Honestly it would have had a lot more of punch if the guy said "you're looking at it BITCH" and slapped ped Kevin
Dhar Mann has really bad content but he’s a good guy
The beginning is like a yes theory video.
TRYNA GET THIS BREAD HAHAHAHAHA
bro this is iconic
I can’t wear the new merch because I don’t do drugs.
I watched this skit the other day and i had to keep rewinding because i didn’t believe it was you at first
DHAR MANN         AAAAAAAAHHHHHH
I love how Cody connects with a lot of the people he roasts after. I feel like I’m learning to judge corny videos a lot less because of it
Dhar Mann taught you life lessons. My friend !!!
All of us as Cody’s fans have learned something lol
Best content coming from you ever!!  I’m excited to see what other collabs you do this year!!
You can really tell he's canadian with how he apologises
“Well I don’t have years.” He’s right. He was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer-
The only lesson I’ve learned from Cody is that it’s ok to make fun of everything.
Make another sketch with Dhar Mann but you and Noel star in it
Dre Drexler, Matty Smokes, GT Dave, and Dhar Mann. I think what we've learned is....... people with sick ass names take shit the best and make rlly cool collabs with Cody Ko
fuck i actually switch jobs all the time.. because i have no patience.. this shit got me good
I noticed how you were wearing braindead as an animation haha funny big fan of braindead too
I totally ship cody as a legitimate actor!!
F*** facebook anyway.
did kelsey just say cody was struggling? lol how embarrassing
No ones talking about the merch ending?
Extremely Frictionless
I'm crying. DHAR MANN
Cody working with Dhar Mann gives off the same energy as Kurtis going on that finding a bae for your bff show after making fun of their videos (if this comment has been said already I'm sorry 👉👈)
they should've have her fucking ragdoll in the actual version 2 skit too
I think that the sketch was truly a frictionless piece that had a lot of virality.
I high key love the animation
I love dhar mann omg
This video is sponsored by DHARR MANNN!!
Cody had an attitude glow up
I can’t wear the new merch because I don’t do drugs.
I'll pay an extra $20 for the hoodie Cody rubbed between his legs
I guess the real lesson here is that not everything is frictionless
Hellboy in Cody's recommendations at 0:49
noel should've been in this one too
Holy crap, still think a lot of the roasts u made hold true haha but it really helped with my perspective!! Really liked this video!!
This is Cody being a mr.struggle for 21 minutes
I like the new editing style
A girl at my work was listening to him the other day... It's happening.
Autorities: "cough and sneeze into your elbow, not your hand"  Cody and actor guy: "lets bump elbows because we are social distancing"
Who was waiting for Noel to come on
Kelsey looks exactly like the girl from teenage bounty hunters on Netflix its scary
I loved that Gordon reference!
No one:  Cody: I’m so sorry man 😔
this might be one of the best videos Cody has made yet
Had to cop that new merch, that shit's fire
Cody that long hair is lookin pretty nice ngl
Cody is such a dood.
When Cody does shit like this it shows a really good example of what an actually entertaining, not shit commentary channel can look like
Subbing to DHAR MAN because he’s such a good guy
what this entire thing a Dhar Mann video
Ridiculously good video. Fun and bright perspective on the whole situation. That was cool to go from originally laughing about the simplicity of Dhar Mann's videos to realizing the actual beauty of them.
wow this actually made me think twice about dhar mann's videos too lol thanks cody this taught many lessons in some meta ass ways but i really liked this video and i laughed really loud when you said "im so sorry man" lol that rlly got me. proud of u dude. also kelsey's amazing
thanks for the serotonin man
No cap tho, kinda reconsidering some decisions and trying to have more patients with things. Instead of expecting it everything instant. Idk weird
tHIUS IS GREAT
Claim your “here before a million views” ticket here👇👇
that acting was fucking amazing
This is actually really wholesome
His caretaker is so kind. Very nice of her to he there for cody and help him with his little projects.
“Su chef”
jake looks like a buff version of noel
love that animation you should start doing it more !!
The profile picture on your channel is a different person now
Boy, I really love your Content! Good Job, Connor.
Kelsey should be a model
That kiss on the forehead tho, im soft ≧ω≦
That animation was on point
im so sorry man :(
Denial is not just a river in Africa
now he needs to collab with the people who made hot problems
I dont know if this is a sign but it really hit me . I started a job a week ago and I didn’t want to work there because I feel like it was gonna take me a long time to move up so I actually didn’t show up the second day of work but wasn’t fired . The next day my boss calls me to wake me up and make sure I’m coming and I’m like why does this dude care so much? I don’t plan on quitting or trying to get fired now I just find it kinda weird or just crazy that signs like this video and the boss being more than willing to push me is just something I never would of expected
8:25 Did Cody just fist bump his elbow lol, awkward.
I’ve worked in a restaurant before and let me tell you, if a chef hired a waiter that chef would be in so much trouble lol, even the head chef
Honestly this skit probably changed my life 😢 cody consider switching into this type of content? 😄😆
Cody pulled a Stan Lee in that sketch
ya'll i learnt some life lessons!!!!  ps we stan an inclusive king
Cody is such a nice person
cody got a peep mix on his recommended 👌
I think the accessibility of his content is great! But I still think the content itself is pretty lackluster. At least he's teaching good lessons.
*Every Single Time* I hear Dharr Man — I Automatically hear Noel Scream from the Back of my Mind.
7:46 Kelsey destroyed Cody
cody kook you did it once again... this video made me feel how jim and pams wedding scene made me feel
Was this all just orchestrated by Kelsey as a way of bringing to the fore Cody’s lack of patience?!
I really love how Kelsey is so proud of Cody throughout the video. Looking at him with such joy and love. It warms my heart man <3
I enjoy this so much, always wholesome stories, first was the kombucha guy now Dhar Mann? Hell yeah.
18:45 Cody looks older than usual..
Su chef 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
no offense man! But the rich girl poor girl skit was way better than this one.
Amazing stuff!!
This guy really got the fucken braindead shirt in the animation🤣🤣 the drip transcends into all forms of Cody
I'm so disappointed you didn't get a "Yes Chef"
great job man! ;)
This was so wholesome gamers 🥺
good stuff. good stuff.
This...... was not what I was expecting when I saw there would be a third video in this series. So well thought out and wholesome in a CodyKo way.
I actually just quit my job yesterday. But my quitting was more for mental/emotional health reasons than impatience. Now I'm going to work on being more patient with myself and coming to terms with the fact I won't instantly be happy. As the video said, "Great things take time."
Moral of the story, making fun of people gets you places
“ Im so sorry man”
We need Noel in the video just to say "Dhar Mann AHHHHH"
Kelsey spitting STR8 facts at 7:45
This is why I love Cody.... tho he makes fun of them, these people come around and work with him or invite him over.
The new animation in this video was dope! New editor/animator?
Congrats Cody! Getting into acting as an old man is hard to do
You should write a  Dhar Mann video where a man is really mean about another man's job and then has to do the job and sucks at it
Dhar Mann looks abit like he could be related to Noel
Codys really going full eboy with that luxurious hair
we need Noel to make fun of this
noooooo wayyyyyy this is happening
Should’ve cast Noel as the narrator
Really respect that cody is willing to take back what hes said about other people’s content in the past. I dont think ive ever seen a person work with as many people they’ve “dissed” as this man. Its nice to see him grow as a person throughout the years. It makes me want to be a better person✌🏽
Makes me happy to see u listen to peep 🖤
Hey man I really think this video was really great and I feel like the quality was really really great I can tell you put a lot of work in it and it really payed off
Cody is really a great actor. I really believed, he was still in his mid-thirties for a second.
This video was so wholesome i loved it ❤️
So dhar Mann really talks like this
dude dhar mann's fuckin dope
Kelsey: hey I just came up with this great idea for a skit Cody: oUr skit
Ngl I really wanted Cody to say he had his own million dollar company and he was under cover
My man Dhar Mann have that corporate language down. lmao "let me circle back with my team"  is a stable in any company's email
Cody you video change my life I'll make sure to never get mad about dropping eggs again
Dude the merch sucks lol
Damn, this video had me smiling the whole time
Dhar Mann looks like a less evil version of Keemstar
he listens to lil peep🐣🐥🐣🐥
Good video, don’t let it go to your head
ok why am i emotional. i’ve been watching cody for so long that seeing stuff like this idk it hits
I didn't think Cody could get older, but it seems like he has.
Really good.
Great video cody!!! Loved how well made it was and the editing. Keep it up!
Jake later quit from the cooking job and took a job for homeowners and later became            Jake from State Farm
When did pulse start to edit your videos
your girlfriend shoulb be a therapist
cody is basically death from bill and teds bogus journey
ao they are best friends now?
i love how proud kelsey is
5:07 I thought I accidentally logged until my classroom 😂
Kelsey is the real MVP of this video
his recommended was about u by lil peep🐣🐣🐥
When that egg plopped on the floor 😂😂😂😂🤣 idk why but I can’t stop laughing
Dhar Mann: Cody: I wanna act
Anyone know where cody got the Kith shirt?
Is Noel gonna be in it?
this is so wholesome
Kelsey is ruthless💀 7:45
Dhar Mann!!!! He actually seems so nice. I have so much more respect for his videos after watching this, they’re strangely genius in how they appear to such a wide audience.
this is just so awesome
This is really wholesome. I like this as a new addition to the commentary genre!!
i smiled throughout this video, its so  wholesome!! edit: i just realised his videos are exactly the type of example videos that we watched in school to learn english lmaoo
did anyone lowkey cry at how sweet this was?
NO WAY
kelsey modelling the merch really made this video
Merch is heat
Making videos with Dhar Mann makes you wiser beyond your dreams  #staywoke
Kelsey is like a mom seeing her kid in the school newspaper and I love it
This whole video is just an excuse to post twice a month.
Never thought id see the day where Cody Ko wrote and made a dhar Mann sketch 😂😂😂
Here That Is
this whole video was so wholesome  :)
Cody Kook
This video made me so happy
Dhar man ooooooooooooh
I love how Dhar mann is genuinely such a nice guy
This is actually amazing. I love this!!!
dhar mann should just always use Cody for sad scenes
The ne'xt morning
Okay girl defined collab next
who also saw the dhar man video on moistcr1tikal stream
That was not what I expected when I clicked this 😅. But I like it though
Kelsey gently dissing Cody’s lack of patience while lovingly smiling was the most mom energy moment I’ve seen on YouTube. She’s seriously the best
That was really good casting. Ngl this made me tear up a bit.
Cody: im so sorry man Also Cody: just walks out no fucks given
Tbh I missed Cody roasting people on youtube. Now he receive more subscribers and viewers, I can see he’s trying to avoid drama with other youtubers. But after I watched this video, it is way better than his past content. Good job Cody 👏🏼
DANG THE ANIMATIONSSSSSS
The real "Bread" turned out to be the lessons he learned along the way.
more like darn man
he’s so nice holy cow
Never thought Cody would collab with someone he hated on 10 months ago
Anyone else notice the new editing style
Sous chef
I loved it
watching cody fistbump dhar mans elbow was his peak... only downwards for here
he’s doing school work
Voiceover😳
This video is great, Cody. It breaks down some barriers of the commentary genre and honestly taught me a lesson :) great job
Imagine if noel was the lead actor 😂😂😂
Noel should’ve been Jake, I would’ve died laughing
no lie - your sketch actually did speak to me. cool vid cody. what does noel think?
Cody: *distraught* 😔 im sorry man. 😔
8:28 damn i thought the two calls hit hard
Why was that video soooo cute? It’s funny every time Cody comes on just because it’s Cody.
Anyone else ever notice that Dhar Mann’s subtitles have the same font as the subtitles in Black Ops 2?
This is how la Rosa de Guadalupe is made
5:12 Is it me or this guy looks like Mike Shinoda a little bit
Ok i really liked this it was way better than his other videos and the acting was so good lol it was so good
Kelsey is the turtle from Kung Fu Panda while Cody is Po.  Cody Po.
dhar mann’s kind of,, amazing 🤭
Huh
Honestly? I started my job at Chipotle last week and I’m stressed and overwhelmed with everything. I literally got anxiety about working tonight and this video literally made me realize that yeah, I may be slow and still learning...but it takes time. And I feel weirdly motivated and calm. The universe has truly spoken to me. Thank you so much
CODY one of my professors looks IDENTICAL to GT Dave 🥴
cant wait for the energy o collab 🙈🙏🏽
Its...surprisingly...not bad??
Dude I JUST rewatched the old Dhar Man videos, wtfddd this is unreal.
I think it's great that Dhar Mann was so open and willing to work with Cody even after he roasted his videos, then surprised him with gifts celebrating Cody hitting 5 million subscribers.  Cody, your videos are always funny and I'm glad that you both appreciated each other's content.
Cooky Ko is so inspirational.
0:49 Cody do be listening to peep tho
The editing and production quality in this was✨e m a c u l a t e✨
Dude who else saw Cr1tikal react to him in a dhar mann vid in stream
Cody looks like Mark Wahlberg more and more every video
Yo this is sick 🔥
I love this so much
This is so weirdly wholesome
This is my favorite video of yours. I legitimately cried. My heart 💖
The egg wouldve taken like 10 seconds to clean up.  The yolk didn't even burst.
Dhar Mann might be one of the dopest dudes of all time mad respect
can u guys please get married and have kids already
Kelsey gave him the reality  check and then gave him a forehead kiss. perfecto🥺
What the hell that was so good! I was expecting it to be a joke
this is sick asf
Next Cody video will be a collab with Girl Defined, making a video on modest clothing
You should have been the rich kid and used that ABSOLUTE CHAD voice
Dang kody should be a real actor
You are the best thing that happened to this world
That elbow fist bump hurt me
sous chef* that hurt to read :/
8:27 bruh
Dhar Mann is such a sweetheart I have so much respect for him
Plot twist: He picks up the egg and eats it then he leaves without a word
Now we wait for a girl defined collab 😀
“cody cook” TOOK ME OUT
this video ONLY made me have more respect and love for dhar mann. knowing the amount of care he puts in for people who don't speak english, deaf/hoh people, and children who might see his videos legit makes me have such a different perspective on his work. we are dhar mann stans only
make merch that says behind on it
made me so happy when i saw kelsey wearing a jasper sweatshirt
Is the chef named Gordon after Gordon Ramsey? Lol I love it
What a cool ass video! And what a cooooooool guy is Dhar Mann!!
I love the editing of this video. Honestly soooo much more enjoyable to watch.
Does this mean Cody’s redemption arc is complete?
cody what im ab to say is mushy and cringe but i’ve been w you since the vine days and i love being one of the ones who have watched your career grow and i really wanted to tell you i’m proud of you lol keep it up boi
Best video yet.
This is actually making me want to watch Dhar Mann*... In the world we're living in rn it feels kinda good to have something wholesome like this y'know?
Distracted by the sun damage
We need merch that says BEHIND!
gordan said boiled water has sooo much flavor
An inspiring life lesson video within an inspiring life lesson video .
oh my god
Moral of the story : Not everything has to be frictionless
Dhar man cool asf
I need that Cody and Noel that’s cringe roasting the shit out of this
DHAR MANN
I mess with this, someone get Cody a Grammy or Oscar or whatever they give actors. Also if the merch doesn't have the seller's ball juice on it I don't want it.
Yooo I actually learned something from this video damn
repping the jasper hoodie Alberta boy for life
Cody really said in the beginning "*record scratch freeze frame* yep that's me! you're probably wondering how i got in this situation, well let me take you back to where it started."
Crying over spilled milk is old news. Crying over spilled eggs tho? 🔥
"I'm a five star michelin"
su chef is spelled sous bruhh but acting is fire wait i was waiting for the dhar mann speech
holy mid rolls
Is that Kids in the Hall merch?? Love it
This was beyond excellent. Thank you Cody
I didnt know i needed that. Cody's acting was worthy of an Oscar, that little  hands behind his back at the end of the sketch was so cute.
Title : “The Dahr Mann Experience” Me : “OOOOOOOHHHHHHH”
Kody simps for the veiws and we love it
Does Dahr Mann talk like that irl too?
Most PROUDEST  CODY MOMENT TBH. Too good.
Cody just got dhar manned
Wholesome 🥺✨
you ripped on this dude twice and he gave you a 5mil subscribers surprise. dhar mann is the only person in existence now. he is the only person that matters. none of us are real except dhar mann
my guy is canadian and really wrote "su chef"
This is now my favorite vid of urs
That Kith flex
This video is edited like a creatyler vid. Minus the drone shots of the hills
This girl I worked with at a restaurant kept fucking up this egg cause she had the heat up too high and she walked out like this dude😂 immediately after I said "What you Egg!"
"Heyy what's up man?" "Yeaah what's up dude?" "Haha what's up bro"  I can really fell their chemistry
*Petition for Kelsey to be randomly laying on the couch in the backround making remarks sometimes*
Onestly Dhar Mann is a really nice dude. I'd like more simple, maybe at times clique content like his, that at least is positive, rather than more paul brother's content or "killed my girlfriend" pranks.
Loved the animated bits in this video
How funny would it have been if the final line was Cody saying “Sorry about the egg”
This is like if Marvel and DC collabed
plz marry Kelsey already
Cody goes inspirational
This is like if coke and Pepsi colabed
Get yourself a girl the way Kelsey looks at Cody
What a banger video
Obviously dhar Mann would be nice to Cody ,he teaches people to respect their elders
i love this sm
I feel like a proud mother ...
This is literally the sweetest goddamn thing ever I love Dhar Mann so much for doing this im seriously subscribing to him now
it's so cool that he considers those who don't speak english and those who would have a harder time grasping the concept. as someone who has ASD and struggles with understanding subtlety at times, that's something i can highly appreciate. not many people consider things like that with their content so cheers to you dhar mann
This was awful .
The guy is actually very sound
Dhar Mann is such a wholesome, nice guy. I'm glad he gets so many views :)
The Peep playlist before cody searches :(((
I was literally waiting for Cody's line to be  "Behind" "Woah! Watch where you're going man!" "Dude... what? I literally JUST said behind??" Hahahaha
Is still cringe whether or not cody is in it. But love the fact that there's a crucial message in it
Gordon Ramsey started as a server
wow !! Kelsey went brutal on him. This has been an eye opener.
And all this time, I thought Dhar Mann was just some asshole, when in reality, he’s one of the coolest and nicest dudes I’ve ever seen. I’m not a huge fan of his videos, but I love the messages that he tries to send to the audience. Mad respect to Dhar Mann.
11:15 ok but why is kevin af fuckign cutie
Whenever I open a Cody video I *PRAY* that Kelsey would show up 🥺 i love her
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH
Okay this was great, but also look at Kelsey how she reacts and is proud of Cody!! Literally goals!!
All of codys viewers are gettin learnt on some humility rn.
dhar man AHRGHHHHHHH
was not expecting this...but happy i got it
Qaurintene has changed Cody Ko's Heart
The character development of cody himself is just fascinating He is the only person that I know that can make fun of something and then literally turn it around in a good way
8:16 The fact that he named the main characters "Jake" and "Paul" 😂
I love a Cody Doc moment
His name lowkey sounds like an orc saying:" The Man"
this video just made my day
cody became mr. struggle while making this video
Dhar Maaaaan is the Maaan.
dhar mann taught cody a lessonnnn
Wow the production quality of this video was awesome - a new high for the channel. Would love to see more videos like this in the future. Great work Cody and co!
That was awesome! Still waiting on Cody to do a collab video with Girl Defined but I guess I have to be....patient.
the fact that dhar mann surprised him with a 5 mil gift.... what a sweet man
next collab: girl defined 😎
kelsey and cody everytime cody comes on screen:  BAHAHAHAHHAAHAADKDJSLKSEOI
So basically Cody is trying to say:- we're gonna wait for atleast 3months for a new video on the channel.
And the Oscar for best actor goes to, the omelette!
Does dahr mann actually comes up with the scripts? I feel like I saw a ton of those "inspirational messages" around before and I feel like he just adapted them to videos with actors and stuff :/
I peeped Lil Peep 0:48
DHAR MAN
The sounds that egg made when it hit the ground🤣🤣🤣
Cody your hair looks really good in this video no cap
I love this vid lol
Damn Kelsey got the drip with the McDonalds sweater tho.
Cody: Dhar Mann trash Me: Dhar Mann trash  Cody: Dhar Mann nice Me: Dhar Mann nice
get married already
So why wasn't Noel apart of this experience he did make the video with u
WHY DOES JAKE LOOK AND SOUND LIKE NOEL
I’m so sorry man 😂
Might just be Cody’s best video
Kelsey's hoodie game never disappoints
dude i might just become a drhamann fan after that outro
So cool!!!
I am so excited about this
do i..... do i like dhar mann????
This sketch was actually pretty decent but any scene with Cody in it I just burst out laughing
Why Cody is me when I write my thesis. I write one paragraph and I need to rest my brain for 2 hours to write the next paragraph
This editing....
This is the most wholesome thing ever. More proof that Cody has an absolute solid gold heart, and is a great influence.
*sends this to my head chef*  them: what a motivational video  me: ✨cody ko✨
this is?? so wholesome?? i love this.
No one: Not even a single soul: Cody: making everyone's day a million times better!
why am i crying.
I love how the first thing that Dhar man says on the call was “are you moving?”
Such a good video/concept !
god i enjoyed this so much. i got SO INTO that sketch too
Fuck this is so wholesome
Why does he look like a buff Noel
DHAR MAN!!!!!
jake pauls got to him lol
That "whatever man" dialogue in the script, proves cody wrote it 😂
holy shit i've been waiting for this
Dharmannder
Respect to Dharr and GT Dave for being such good sports.
Dharm man is actually a smhart man
Honestly it's getting worse
i want noel to flame this
Damn this video is inspirational AF. Cody Ko "Jesus man" 👍👍
This video was so refreshing!!! I didn’t know I could love Cody’s content more than I did but okay go off
DHAR MANN THE GOAT
I really miss when Cody was actually funny. Recently, he's come off as trying too hard to force jokes, and just really damn boring.
Wholesome :3
Honestly dhar man is so nice
NOW, this is epic!
Is it sponsored by Mcdonald?
Was not expecting this to be cute and wholesome at all but here I am beaming like an idiot
Why can't all youtube "beefs" end like this?
gotta say this one of my favorite videos you've made. funny and ~genuine
I've always thought that dhar Mann's vids send a good message they're just cringy but depending where someone is in a certain point in there life, seeing one of those could change a bad/unhealthy decision they were going to make
Unexpected collab but it ended up being kinda sweet? This just shows how nice Dharr Man and Cody truly are :)
*TEARSSSS
i laughed so hard when it panned to the egg on the floor😂
D H A A A A A A A A A R R R R.                                            M A N N N N N N N N.     AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'm so sorry man.
this is elite content
Lmao, my dad watches dhar mann a whole lot, its cool
this is some wholesome stuff man, love it
real talk Cody and Kelsey are such a cute couple they're so supportive im in love
Then Gordon Ramsay comes in         -What are you?         * An Idiot Sandwich *
we love the ✨humility✨
Very swagalicious video. Uplifting too surprisingly.
fire merch<3 how long they gonna be up for?
I love everything about this video and collab!! Kelsey’s ideas were the key to the whole thing
That was so wholesome.
•  .reddit  moment.   •
That poor kid got shit all over his face 😢😂😂
kelsey is awesome as always
He's so cute
This is like the Spongebob episode where he's in the Krusty Krab commercial
Omg I love this
The reason why Cody went from being a server to a cook is because he is Linguini from Ratatouille
DHAR MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!
8:28 please tell me cody did not just fist bump that guy's elbow-
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
Wow. Your a changed man Cody. Lol this collab was so unexpected not gonna lie.
Gordon, like Gordon Ramsey??  😂😂🤣
Content I didn’t know I needed. I like how he rips his own Dhar Man video that he made.
damn
I just realized, I’ve been in Codys comments asking him to post for so long, but in this video he taught me to be patient, and it was worth it this was a great video
Lmao Cody gonna be doing monthly uploads now and feed us some sh*t about patience
It took so long for me to click on this video because I was anticipating the enormous level of cringe.
This whole thing was ridiculously wholesome. The team-up we never knew we needed.
Unironically good, wtf
“Great things require Patience” is that why you only posted on this account twice this month you prick?
And now get Noel to roast the vid.
why does dhar mann look like an older, more bulky noel
find a girl who looks at you the way kelsey looks at cody
Dharr Mann is actually so nice and wholesome! I loved this collab hehe
Now should we be expecting Cody on The Button?
this video really made me love cody so much more
Kevin looks like kelsey
DHAAAR MANN!!
I’m seriously so fucking excited to see it, this build up is perfect!
can cody just become a designer cuz this merch is UNREAL
*E G G S*
dhar mann seems a genuine guy and someone that really understands his audience.
Damn i thought i was gonna laugh but this was actually really good.
this is so wholesome omg
I love how this feels like a documentary
Watching this today after already seeing the vid on Dhar Manns channel is funny cuz Kelsey just said the whole plot in like 5 seconds
we went from makin fun of Dhar Mann to becoming Dhar Mann stans
Dharr man is actually chill
Dhaarman such a nice guy giving him a gift for 5 million
Now Noel has to react to the sketch on stream
he did it again.
Petition for Cody to make a channel called Cody kook where he makes random shit while getting drunk
Really hope that Noel in the sketch
U killed that shit my g
Behind
Ah yes, the "su chef."
I would get invested in the video and then cody would interrupt with his loud-ass laugh
So. Wholesome
me reading his lips "u know what i am moving" IS that what the pool was on ur ig....
why do the people cody make fun of love him? like this is a reoccurring theme i dont know how it works (not hating on cody im just in shock)
At 20:14 we can see Cody has little peep in his YouTube suggestions meaning he listens to lil peep meaning two things he’s in his early 40s trying to stay hip with the kids or he’s a teenager with daddy issues
Dude you’re KILLIN it!!! Loved the video and definitely got a better viewing of Dhar Mann’s videos tbhhh
cody whats ur hair routine mine looks like a fuckin brillo pad
Kelsey could have said literally anything and Cody would still have been like: “That’s actually really good!”
GF is dead serious about the patience thing though.... something must have hurt her.
this was such a wholesome video
Editing feels weird my guy. I love it. But it feels wayyyy different
This was awesome
just watched the h3 podcast with you cody and idk why you were nervous about this video it was fkn bomb
New title: Kelsey the Patience Puppet Master
I like this new style of content way to go Cody great moves man proud of you
this actually made me respect dharr man a lot, dude can take a joke and didn’t know he made the language fit to help make it more accessible. Seems like a nice guy
thank you for blessing me with your presence you sexy sexy man
Wait isn’t it super nice of Dhar Man to surprise Cody for 5milli?
‘My studio ‘ yeah like we don’t know that’s your bedroom When kelsies boyfriend is over
When Kelsey kissed Cody's forehead.
“If you don’t love me at my worst, then you don’t DESERVE me at my best!” Rip vine 😭
The merch looks sick
Dhar Mann is such a humble and chill dude haha
This is one of my favorite videos in a long time!!
THIS VIDEO IS SO WHOLESOME
I like when people that Cody does a video about are super cool about the videos he's made. It shows that they don't think too highly of themselves.
The collab we didn’t know we needed
Just here to make sure Cody’s hair is still long... cool. Keep growing that shit.
i didn't expect to have a fucking rave at the end there - that song was amazing!
i love that dhar mann doesnt let the age of someone else cripple his ability to create more ideas i respect him for working with the elderly
When Cody Listens to peep 0:48. RIP
6:05 Cody looks like  he’s about to cry
You know I kinda like the high production style of this video, it feels like a short documentary and it’s different but cool
You have become the very thing you swore to destroy, Cody.
I like this video
he wants that *speedy* bread
:’) I love this, what an unexpectedly wholesome video. Dhar Mann and his team seem like really awesome folks too.  edit: ps, can Kelsey model all the merch too, please? what a babe 🥰
Why did they make Kevin such a spaz 😂😂😂😂
How u know Cody did acid look at the end of his video
Dude wtf definitely didnt expect this to happen
oh my gosh this is the collab to end all collabs
this is awesome
Cody to be fair my Bf had restraint/cook experience and he wanted to work at this one place specifically. There wasn’t an opening for cook, he took a server job while  waiting for one of the cooks to quit, she did and he went from a server to a cook :)
😅😁😁
4:14 bruh
The start of that video call made me realize how I can act straight... “hey what’s up bro? yeah bro what’s up? how you doing bro?”
"behind"  im gonna start saying that now
Do they only cook eggs at this restaurant
My dad sent a link to a Dharmaan video on our family WhatsApp group 😂😂😂 I died
Bruh I’ve listened to BB on loop today
whats up man
Honestly that skit slaps
15:59 OH MY GOD 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is 100% the most wholesome video on Cody’s channel
Kelsies the one and only master puppet
Cody: “I’ve never written anything serious in my life. I’ve never tried to teach anyone anything... ever!” Knock It Off: “Am I a joke to you?”
I just got an ad for a vaginal disk and I think my life is over
cody’s shirt at 3:34...... kith me 👁👄👁
When i heard that you star in the video i freaked out of excitement
Cool guess there’s another YouTuber that has merch I can’t afford.
Cody to write and direct the next Hollywood blockbuster!
the way kelsey and cody laughed at the same EXACT time. SORRY I RLLY NEEDED TO POINT THAT OUT
Cody acknowledging that there is a downside to this type of content is really cool, most wouldn't or just deny that it affects them
Dharr Mann out here being actually genuine with that 5,000,000 sub gift
omg the animations are so good
Noel would of absolutely bodied this.
Ngl that sketch really hits too close to home. One could say it’s frictionless.
this is honestly one of your best videos
i really liked the animations in the video
Can we get some "behind" merch??? 🤔
Script: Frictionless Acting: Bitch, learn about it  Patience: A virtue Dhar: Mann
Cody didn't edit this huh
This is one of my fav videos of yours. Nice job Cody Cook.
Sagittariuses be like "What tf is patience?"
DHARMANDER IS INCLUSIVE AND HATES ABLEISTS CONFIRMED
you can call me *cody cook*
This is so fucking tight lmao I was smiling the whole time, what a cool experience to have man. Sweet vid 👉😎👉
Cody that redemption arc was phenomenal
Ayo someone get this man a barber
Cody should make a series named "That's deep"
this is a top 5 cody vid
Now Noel needs to do a Thats Cringe reacting to this
Is Cody a lil peep fan ? 20:15  🔥🔥
This made me genuinely happy! I really loved this video and the collab!
Where is Noel ☹️ did you have w bit fight and now you hate each other?
this video taught me how to patiently wait for my cody ko merch 🙏🏻
I fucking adore how Cody credits Kelsey as “the puppet master” tbh it’s fucking cute.
Cody Ko : be like Hitler suxs man *two years later* Cody Ko: hey guys I am about to do a collab with Hitler and he seems like nice guy, man I feel bad for making fun of you😟
Maybe next time Cody can collab with Girl Defined
whats in the box
Id want to get a beer with Dhar Mann
This is too cringe seeing Cody react to Cody
Damn dude dhar man is like a fucking g i didnt know that. What a guy and what an experience
Thanks Cody Cook
Damn merch looks sick might have to cop
What you should of done, was make fun if this skit and the person who wrote it.
Cody kook
This is when Naruto fights his enemies and eventually becomes friends with them.
You could replace him with a golden retriever
petition to make the freeze frame of cody being sad his new pfp
I think if you had the narration come after he asked who the new chef is it would hit harder tbh
We need a thats cringe to southern republican ads that read like snl sketches
Didn´t say frictionless, 1/5
what if her job was selling drugs and she was going to stop and get clean but now she’s not so you actually ruined her life.  way to go.
I see lil peep at 0:49. Is Cody a fan?
That was actually really sweet
11:52 I don't know why the sad puppy pout got me laughing so hard XD
COMMON SENSE GORDON
Wait Cody I love this video style, this works really really well
He spelt Sous-chef SU CHEF
I fully expected Dhar Mann to be at least 7 feet tall.
good vid
Finally... A video for me!
“I’m so sorry man”  wow I felt that in my  s o u l .
Solid work Cody
This was the best thing to come out of 2020
Cody, my mum thinks your cute. She walked in and saw you on my screen and said "oh hes cute, whos he?" She is nearing 50 btw.
Kelsey is so supportive. We all need a Kelsey
Yooooo💀Cody does Colabs with ppl he SHIT ON💀💀😭
honestly? this rules. it's easy to tear down content but it kind of rules that he went to collab with this dude
Anyone else smell another million subs in the air?
This has to be the most touching and inspiring video I’ve watched in a while. 😭 amazing job
NOT CODY SPELLING SOUS CHEF WRONG IN THE SCRIPT KFHSKDH
*BEHIND*
not Cody writing “sous chef” as “su chef” 💀💀💀💀💀 Duke university ass
Kelsey’s speech from 7:46 to 8:00 sounds like the speech Ego gave  from ratatouille
Su chef.... or Sous Chef
So when is Cody gonna collab with Skippy
how he gonna say he's never tried teaching a lesson to anyone ever when Cody and Noel have taught me more about self love, resilience, confidence, laughing at myself, AND standing up for myself than any motivational speaker ever???? the audacity.
How are they even allowed to shoot a video together when corona is going on?
I learned that Dhar Mann should teach screen writing/visual storytelling. I'd take that workshop.
There was no doorknobs in Kevin’s restaurant
This is literally the last thing I thought I’d see pop up on YouTube today. Cody has come full circle
Dhar Mann is so nice
Kelsey said it! I'm so proud of you Cody, you're learning, you're growing up, you're evolving. There's nothing more to say, it's just great!
YOOOO YOU GOT DAR!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
MR. STRUGGLE?
Honestly this was great. Round of applause. Love you Cody and Kelsey
Holy shit I thought it was just gonna be another part in the Dhar experience, it was so much fucking better than that
Dhar is a dope dude
I've never hit a merch link so fast
Dhar: "Hey what's up man?" Cody: "Yeahh what's up dude?" Dhar: "Hahaa what's up bro?"
Cody cook!
Come on man, it's "sous" chef. Geeze
can't get over how epic he probably felt saying "without further ado, here that is!" cody man say something else!
NEVER I REPEAT NEVER STOP DOING COMEDY! COMEDY=CODY
I love how supportive kelsey is to cody
i like that the chef’s name is gordon
Su chef :)
cody looks like a surfer with his long hair
you and kelsey are so MF CUTE! <3
SO FUCKING WHOLESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I guessed the “you’re looking at him” line and I’ve never been more proud of myself in my life
I actually think this has a nice spin compared to his usual videos but idk if I’m just biased. Main this I wish dahr man wouldn’t do is basically show actually abuse and then people just going back to it. It’s unrealistic and dangerous.
dhar mann is actually a really chill dude
Dhar Mann changed Cody Ko's cyber bullying ways. 2020 at it's finest...
Why can't you get Noel in some of this
Loved this 😍😍
anyone else notice lil peep in cody’s youtube mix?
I think it’s so cool doing stuff like this or when Danny Gonzalez made a video with someone he roasted
18:00 People, make a meme from it  🤣
When dharr man’s crew came out with the gifts 🥺🥺
There is something just insanely pure and uplifting about this whole ass video. And I am here for it.
16:09 New profile picture
the patience collection is so adhd
Ooooooooooh Cody’s got an animator now!
“That’s one of my favorite things to say”- Kelsie making the video with one phrase...
WHY DOES IT SOUND LIKE DHAR MAN IS TRYNA IMPERSONATE CHILLS ☠🤣
dhar mann’s just lawful good fousey tube
Prison Jake: Don't drop the soap Kitchen Jake : Don't drop the egg
What a great fucking video
The crossover we never knew we needed, yet here it is in its full glory 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Dhar Mann seems like a really nice guy 🥺
Cody is the silent hero
I can't be the only one that thinks Cody looks like the Grinch
This was worth the wait
This is what I didn’t know I needed 💕✊
next video is going to be Cody's collab with girl defined, this is the start😔
It’s just SO funny cuz Cody seems like the dude that would be such good friend with jake if Cody didn’t stick with the right ppl from start
Dhar Mann played 3D chess and got a commentary Youtuber to do the Exact Opposite genre of video.   Also the surprise gift? Stop. This whole thing was lovely.
CAN I GET A YES CHEF?!
I really enjoyed this !
The look at 16:25... now that is acting
is this just saying he's not gonna make another that's cringe?
You should do a collaboration with girl defined which is you’re most watched video so you know it will get views
Cody should get a side hustle as a writer
proud of you Cody
love the cheap red plastic tablecloths. fine dining!
Those eggs were too frictionless
0:48 Its been confirmed, cody likes lil peep
I feel like this was pretty easy to make cos he definitely didn’t go in on Dhar Mann like he does with some other people 😂 like, I’m not sure he’ll be doing a collab with girl defined any time soon
This video has really good editing and was fun to watch, Good job Cody :)
Who else saw the video from dhar man on insta before me
Cody looks so old now
The fact that he made the head chef gordon...lmfaoaoaoao
My dad always said "patience is a virtue" to me like a 7 year old knows what virtue means.
Holy the production of this video was, how do I put this in to words...   *frictionless*
Cody??????
This is so wholesome
Diesel patches ik you're watching this
Idk if you know this but Dhar Mann is like a felon conman with like a history of fraud and shady businesses ie. Defrauding the City of Oakland $44,399 in redevelopment funds, LiveGlam credit card fraud and promising ppl beauty credentials with a fake online beauty school. I suggest you stop making content with and about him.
Why is he working in the same place if he’s rich
Finallyyy I was waiting for u to make a video abt this cuz u saw the video on TikTok with Cody life 😂 and I was like sooo confuseddd
Amazing
This is like Martin Scorsese making a Marvel movie.
Real kitchen dialogue “Dude, I called behind. Not my fucking problem.”
DHAR MANN!!!!
New video?
i can say watching this video was cathartic
The production value on this video is so good! Keep it up Cody
5:09 I hate this noise 😂
4:14 HAHAHAH!!!!!
I absolutely love how Cody collabs with people he rips on.
I think this my new favorite Cody ko vid
Just gonna say this here, the animations are fire.
The greeting between these two when he bumped his fist onto his ellbow was the worst thing I have ever seen
killed it with this one cody😂
Aww Cody did such a good job!
When Kelsey kisses Cody’s head after he says he killed it 🥺 if they don’t get married
“Scene 2, take 26” no way that scene took 25 prior attempts☠️☠️
Kelsey it's just... Kelsey. You get it?
Why did you look 47 in this
Yay for supporting animators!!!  These collabs are giving me LIFE
So the real cringe here were the friends we made along the way 😢
0:49 does he listen to lil peep 😏
All of this over eggs
In a Cody Ko video, with Dhar Mann in the title, the star and MVP is undoubtedly Kelsey
7:47  Kelsey just spitting straight hard truth 😂
Also if you cook eggs on high heat you burn them
As a person who works in a restaurant I can say that people actually do say "behind". Good shit Cody.
I was screaming DHARMAMDERRRRRR then I saw he collabed with him. NOW WE ALL ARE DHARMAMDERSSSSS
cooking like a chief i'm a 5 star Michelin
okay that was great, so cool when you flip the script like this and work with people you've roasted.
You have become exactly what you swore to destroy. And we couldn't be more happier ☺️
The sketch with the rich girls and the coma, should have ended with the old friend either being the doctor or donating blood/an organ
Cody has gone soft , shaking my head
Now for Cody to really learn his lesson we need to have Noel absolutely tear this video to shreds
The animation is actually so cool
DHARMANNDER USED CHARM AND MODESTY TO WEAKEN THE OPPONENT!
I really liked this video, Cody.  It’s super cool to see you take on the stuff you make fun of.  What Kelsey said about learning a life lesson is so true and it’s really awesome to watch.
I DIED at the “behind” part
Next he is gonna roast Donald Trump and after that you get to know Cody is running the USA.
He makes the cheesiest videos out of the cheesiest videos that ever exsisted!
lmao cody wrote su chef instead of sous chef in the script
I don’t know why I laughed so hard when Cody came out as the new chef 😭😭 his dad smile and nod has me crying 😩
Last night Critikal was watching this on his stream, and he was like "wait, why the fuck is Cody Ko in this???"
Dhar Mann is such a G for not acting toxic after Cody’s videos
......DHAR MANN!  Nah actually congrats man that’s dope
This video is so fucking surreal
Can Cody just wear that chef hat all the time though?
Dhar Mann met grandpa aw
I didn’t expect to cry today
Slightly unrelated but Cody and Kelsey are adorable omg
Cody this video is fuckin next level dude, great job
Yoooo that ad was playing a bopperrrr! I wish they showed who the song was by 🤣🤣🤣
This was hella good
I love when you meet people like Dhar Mann and GT Dave and they’re genuinely cool people. I love to see it
The Oscar for best side character should go to Cody
I guess cody kook isnt mr struggle afterall. i-
Tie dye hoodie is actually pretty sick
Alternate ending: Dhar maan says no and steals all of his assets
Y'all ain't wearing y'all's masks 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Eggs really ruined this man’s life... Riveting stuff Cody 😌
Cool now collab wit girl defined
Dhar mann wishing Cody on 5mil with the balloons and gifts is honestly so wholesome
CODY:i should make a colab video KELSEY:but with who? CODY:I chose you dharmander!!!!
Absolute Banger
this video is one of the best video, I love the direction and the narration.
Who was waiting for Dhar Mann to betray Cody and steal Kelsey or something
not “su chef” 😭
DHARRR MANNNN ily 🥰
this video was refreshing af
I CACKLED every time Cody has screen time in the video
haha i watched this video before i seen your reaction to it and i never knew you made it i thought it was an original you did a great job
This video was fucking amazing
Chody cut your hair
Cody checking and asking if his girlfriend likes it is me showing my Mom my writing
why am i emotional
phenomenal
Plz make more videos with Noel
Was codel not considered as an extra?
Cody learning how to use the word humbling now after Noel teaches him on the podcast is amazing to see
Poo
You changing lives man!! lol great sketch
Cody making himself a minor character in his own sketch is so funny for some reason.
we all gonna ignore that it says su chef
cody waiting to watch his own video is proof he became a more patient man because of DHARRRR MANNN
This is honestly so sweet lmaoo
Dude I'm not even kidding. I pause the video after every scene because my mind can't process this collaboration. I keep expecting cody to say something in a facetious tone. Oof.
this video is so high quality
What makes Cody a better commentator YouTuber than 99% of them, is that he is willing to learn things, he's curious and has no problems making fun of himself. And there is no malice in any of his videos. He's head and shoulders above the rest.
i think it’s so lovely that you value kelsey’s input & bounce off her ideas in a fun way. i know ur videos r normally silly but this is such a creative video !!!
Man, seeing Cody in one of these videos really hits the spot.
"Call me kody Cook.....yeah baby"
DHAR MAN!!! 😬 Edit: also dhar mean seems even cooler behind the scenes. It's kinda... Inspirational
wot
Since when is being a cook better than being a server??
Kelsey in the McDonalds tshirt?
THE HEADSHOT CODY IS THAT FROM 2012??
It’s so cute how cody looks to kelsey for approval and really values her input, and she’s so encouraging and supportive 🥺 relationship goals
Man his videos are becoming more and more boring over the past 6 months
Nobody: Absolutely nobody: Noob chef: "Im trying to get this bread, now"
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever seen
Guys... I'm legitimately crying. And I don't know how to explain these tears. Am I moved? Am I laughing? Am I just THAT satisfied?  Or is it all three at once? What is happening?
I fucking cried at the end
That chef costume do be looking hot   on Cody doe
cody is transforming from brad pitt to bradley cooper. dont ya think??
When dhar mann said to cody "not everybody speaks english as their first language" the sketches all suddenly made so much more sense to me ?? like to native english speakers, the simple dialogue, simple characters, and Very enunciated words can seem like you're being talked down to, but when you take into consideration people still learning english or just aren't as confident in the language, the simpleness is more helpful than anything else. There's also the english speaking disabled community, as there are MANY disabilities where easily understood content like his is important (I'm kind of embarrassed i didn't think of that one myself, as i myself am in the disabled community, but i suppose I just have more trouble with reading than any kind of auditory processing disorder...)  Without that perspective, it's easy to find the conclusion that dhar mann isn't a good writer, or is lazy, but seeing him talk about it with cody really showed that he just really cares about his content's accessibility.   not everyone wants super complex storylines and crazy ambitious content, sometimes an audience just wants to watch something simple that makes you feel nice, and making content to fulfill that is just as admirable as any other kind of online content.  It was also nice to see cody reevaluate his opinion on something. It's a hard thing to do, especially when you were so vocal about it. It's very mature of him, and an excellent example for younger people, and i suppose it's also a lesson to be learned from this video lmao
..... why did i... tear up???
Say it again for the cameras...  DHARRR MANNNN 😂
Did Cody do Adderall before editing this 😂
this is the most wholesome video on Codys channel, prove me wrong
i think that overall this is my favorite project cody has done:)) also love the way this video was edited!!
OMFG IS A VERY GOOD IDEA TO GET A GOOD DEAL
No way
ah yes. fingers to keyboard.
Cody should start a cooking channel called Cody kook top tier cooking show
Lol Su chef
Anyone else think that Kelsey looks like wraith or is it just me?
There's a dhar mann wait in the sky he'd like to come and meet us, but thinks he'd blow our minds
This is like a weird dream.
The plot of Cody first making fun on dhar man then coming to an understanding of how and why making that content is what it is coule have been a good plot for the sketch.
You forgot the “so you see”
Bruh this reminds me of the Matty smokes X Cody ko
No Way!!!!!!
Kelsey: *teaches kids for a living* also Kelsey: *immediately suggests patience as the lesson*
So when's the Girl Defined collab coming?
Dhar man: says hey and then puts his elbow out for the elbow bump thing bc Rona Cody: fist bumps his elbow
They truly...squashed the beef
no way
Cody is such a good dude
This merch is awesome! Looks great and you an really see it took a lot of work!
Behind
Merch song is heat 🔥
Yooo my names Jake
The scene 15:10 feels like the start of a gay porno
I thought that at the end Dhar Mann was gonna do a THAT’S CRINGE on the sketch
shouldve had noel with you, wouldve been funny as hell.
The dharmmander is back
Great video but cody low key be looking thiccc
I just got a hoodie 🙃
You have noooo idea how much my mother adores this man on Facebook 🤣
No joke but some of Dharr Man's videos looks like one of those videos that my asian parents would share to Facebook or to the family group chat lol
4:48 Cody spelled “sous chef” as “su chef” lol
Why do i love dhar mann now
Kelsey just dEstrOyeD him at 7:46. LMAOOO
Jake looks like a buffer Noel
I watch Dharr man vids just cause of Cody now.
I was promoted from server to food prep to cook so it is possible
😏 This is Cody’s face every scene
Stock bigger merch sizes please. I don’t want my motivation to lose weight to be YouTuber merch.
the wholesome content I didn't know I needed
Aaaand now I’m a Dhar Man fan, love to see when creators are cool with each other
i kinda want cody and noel to collab with girl defined now lmao
“You were the chosen one. You were said to destroy the sith not join them. Bring balance to the force, not leave it in darkness!”
i saw this video and i immediately and audibly said “*audible gasp* *DHARMANDER* “
Not watched this channel in a while. Those animations are dope. Merch vid was superb. Whole video top tier.
why did this make me tear up
You were sent to destroy the sith not join them..
Noel should make a video roasting Cody’s production doe 😂
I love that Cody is so open to learning from people he roasts and those people have a great sense of humor about it. It’s so sweet 🥺
"chef gordon"💀
behind
Legendary collab🙌🙌🙌
I never would had thought Cody would meet Dhar Mann the man himself this is a crossover I never expected but I like it
im so sorry man
The fact that he wrote su chef instead of sous chef lmao
your last two videos have been so pure, I kinda like this wholesome cody content
This was so wholesome and genuine .i love it x
Bro ur gf Keith has a mcidees shirt that’s sick
Good job man
i came
Imagine going back to your team and saying you know that guy Cody ko, the one who has made two videos making fun of us, yeah let’s have him write a sketch for us
THIS ISNT REAL NO WAY
I love the new editing style my guy
He should have wrote a story about someone bullying someone online then the guy realizes that it’s wrong. Now that would be good
2:31 i thought my audio was off 😂
this is what I've lived 19 years for
How hard it is to fry a fucking egg Jake?
Kelsey was on point with the lesson Cody is learning right now
Cody, great job with the writing! So good and didn’t feel cheesy at all :)
First of all he really made a video with dhar mann😂😂 Cody really knows to roast people and somehow turn them to be happy with him and Collab with him too😂😂 And second Cody really named him "JAKE" It's perfect.😂
this is actually really interesting
All that's left is to collab with Girl Defined
This has to be one of the best Cody Videos I’ve seen all year🔥
I think I can say for all of us that we see and appreciate this growth! This was awesome.
I’m sure servers get payed better at that restaurant anyway hahaha
hahah this is exactly what I needed to see today. what a great lesson. I was also thinking about quitting my job because my boss uses phrases like "flesh this out" but ill wait a few months now
The thing I love about Cody is he with poke fun at people and then befriend them, because most people get that the humor isn't meant to be hurtful. Dhar Mann seems like a pretty cool dude who's actually trying to help people (while also making heaps of money)
Thank you, chef 😔✊🏼
That was actually cool af
Yo this was such a good change up! I love seeing people coming together over commentary channels because it's so easy to beef about it.
giving me shane docuseries vibes
this is so dope
Next video "Thats cringe: Kody ko"
Finally Cody redeeming himself hahaha. Loved the video!
Me clicking this video: I hate dahr man Video starts: ohh he’s here
When they said, "and this other guy has to come and work for him because he kept quitting his jobs". Me confused because I am about to quit my 14 days job because my boss keeps calling me a motherfucker, fucker, slow and Lazy(Despite me starting work at 5am and leaving at 9pm everyday)... Am I doing something wrong?? I honestly can't take the mental stress of dealing with such behavior since I also make comics as a side job. This is very concerning... I don't want to go back into my anxiety disorder phase again...
I think we can all agree on this when I say, that this is one of THE best crossovers we have seen on youtube in a while.
Now Cody has to make a That’s Cringe on himself
This man is literally the nicest man of all time
CUT YOUR HAIR
Everyone needs a Kelsey in their life ♥️
I just noticed that Cody naming the antagonist "Jake" is actually genius LMAFO
This is so awesome. Favorite vid of yours this year hands down
does anyone know what size hoodie Kelsey is wearing at the end?
Damn he's actually a really cool guy
Hell boy by lil peeep was suggested on his youtube .... Lit .
THIS is what 2020 NEEDED YES!!!
Noel looks different
Weird I just watched the dhar Mann video that Cody made with Noel
i like the idea of kelsey as the puppet master and being behind this the whole time lmao
Kelsey looks like a proud mother 🥺 and when she kissed Cody on the forehead 😭💖
I love that cody keeps reaching out to the creators he made videos about like the kombucha guy this is the best thing to happen.
Cody Ko attempting to be a mission-driven entrepreneur
Totally ordered a hoodie just now!
Oh hey look Cody is making a video with his sister awesome.
PROFOUND
I love ur sexy flowing hair don’t cut it off
we stan kelsey 😌
When worlds collide
Cody please do more "That's Cring w/ Noel Miller," you two are the funniest together and I think everybody enjoys those videos the most :)
I saw cody's pic in one of the thumbnail of dhar man's vid, i thought i was tripping then you uploaded this.  Top 10 best anime crossovers! 💪
DHAR MAN OHHHHHHHHHH!
This is just like the johntron, Phil swift collab
Matty FUCKIN Smokes, Dhar man, Cody and Noel would make a weird but really cool team lol
Aye my boi where you been at hope the fam is doing good bless up mayne
That was hype
Why do I feel like a proud father ?
Really cool video, you’re the man Cody
cody made fun of gt dave and then they teamed up to make a video, he made fun of dhar mann and now he's working with him... i'm starting to see a pattern here
the antagonist being called Jake and the chef being called Gordon just gave me life
AND HIS NAME IS DHAR MAN AHHHHH
I laughed so hard when I found out the chef was named gordan
This is a fucking BANGER. Cody do more.
Something frictionless
su chef
Bout to COP SUM CODY KO FRESH MERCH
Bro this is high quality content
Sad Cody > sad Keanu
*CODY KO AND THE DHARMANDER HAVE FUSIONED*
Dhar Mann looks like Noel's impression of Ajit Pai
So fresh to see people being able to take a joke on YouTube.
0.50 look lilpeep
Im just waiting for the church girls to show up with him, followed with the cheapest wrestler
You don't know how much I needed this today omfg
I love a more introspective Cody
Yessss l prove video so much
Great video, but the second skit sucked haha
dude I love this, but why didn't he have Noel work with him bc Noel loves making sketches
“Eggs are meant to be cooked on low heat” Laughs in Gordon Ramsay
Best crossover
Cody just please no
this is literally amazing
the surprise gift was so sweet and cute
You spelled sou chef wrong and it is pissing me off
you had to write the script 3 times? okay mr. struggle..
Kelsey is the supportive queen we all need in our lives
Cody... I think this is my favorite video you've ever done
AHHHH WHY DID CODY LOOK LIKE THAT DURING THE SKETCH 😭😭😭😭
damn, did not expect this collab but here we are
8:31 did he just call cody short lmaoooo
I don't know what Cody is waiting ,he better put a ring on Kelsy right now, she is so supportive, probably and happy for his ass . I love them 💗 💓 ♥
bullying knock it off, racism knock if off
dude this  might single handedly  save 2020
wait this new animation stuff is so cool
this is great Cody
🌽😊🌽🌽🌽🌽🙌🌽
I love how he keeps going back to the creator and either interview them and make a vid with them like Tai Lopez and GT Dave just kinda sad Noel couldn't be in this.
The fact he surprised you with the 5M is actually so wholesome and shows what a good guy he is!
First kombucha guy, now dhar mann, who’s next mr cody cook?
cody: how did it perform?  dhar mann: yeah
PRESENCE
Once again, Cody Ko is a great guy
I feel like this is actually a parable about which of two drugs will make you a better restaurant employee
We need more Cody and Noel colab vids like the good ol days your shits is too funny together
This honestly might just be one of my favorite videos you’ve ever made. Great job man.
The first time I watched this like ten minutes ago i had to watch it with subtitles because me earbuds broke and I'm at my aunts house but I found some headphones.
This was amazing
I love dhar mann
who is the head chef then? DHAR MANNN OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH
And lived long enough to see himself become the cringe
Who else is looking for Dhar Mann’s comment
first a collab with dhar mann next comes john quinones
Mr.struggle finally became a chef happy for you broski
any one else see the rolling pin he used in the baking video (the expensive bottle of rose)
Legend says the role of Gordon was supposed to be played by Gordon Ramsey but he said no.
Antagonist named Jake damn just noticed
yeah this was a beautiful video and all, i would like to see you tear someone apart again though.. patiently if you want tho
This video is so amazing. Like the amount of work Cody put into this is insane. And I’m glad the sketch actually did really good.
this is a more iconic collab than wap
Dhar mann is awesome!
Kelsey is the puppet master
#CodyKook 👨‍🍳
It’s beautiful
This is the positivity we have all needed this year
This is the only heartwarming thing that’s come from 2020
Dahr Mann is a short king too?🥵
The "you're looking at him" would have hit harder if we hadn't seen him get the head chef job and only learned Gordon had retired when Jake came back in to apply. Awesome work though, and actually did make me think about how cynical I've become with goofing on stuff being my default reaction
“Remember we’re not just telling stories we’re changing lives”
so cute that grandpa has taken time to ask his grandson about his passion.
Damn Cody looks chubby
He really named the head chef Gordon💀😂
wow who's doing these animations they're really good
I lost my internet connection at the zoomed in frame of the egg , and if you thought the music was ominous before I don’t know what to tell you now
Not gonna lie I shed an unironic tear 🥺
wow it was made under an hour ago.. oh over 1.5k comments hmm makes sense :)
I'm going to be honest here, man. I really liked the video. I'm glad to see that you got with Dhar Mann to make the video and that you learned from it. Really you've turned into an inspiration for me, to see your evolution from three years ago to now! Congrats on 5 million, I'm glad that I found your channel and everything I've learned from it!
yay
You really drove home the point about using simple and clear english by including "I have to get this bread now" lol
This is a really nice video
Easily one of your best creations thus far. This vid is a masterpiece.
yes
i actually love the animation he did
More evidence that Jake is the only one who can't take a joke
now i wanna meet u even more cus u listen to peep
The Video was....... frictionless
dahr man is such a wholesome guy
bring back thats cringe now
Kelsey is literally the most supportive girlfriend I need me a girl like that
this is the video that he has been talking about in the podcasts. bc the edit for this stuff is crazy
kelsey spitting bars at 7:45
Did anyone else wanna beat that guy the fuck up when he screamed at cody😂
Cody i just wanted you to know that i am one of your international viewership😌love from tokyo
I really love that Dhar Mann is thinking about people not talking english but also deaf people. It's actually very wholesome of him!
8:15 i see what you did there
weird how cody is a millionaire and makes his gf work at mcdonalds
Nice editing this video hats off to whoever edited it
Cody is gonna start writing for TV anytime now
no one: cody: **puts out hoodies in the sweltering heat**
Most wholesome Cody video ever...
I love this so much I can’t wait for Cody and Noel to talk about this on the podcast
Naming the head chef gordan omg
couchie
Cody should do a that’s cringe on himself
Cody’s comeback sequel Teamwork makes the dream work
This is so good
DHAAAARRR MAAAAANN!!!!!!!!!
First
5:08 i didn’t realize the zoom call sound was triggering to me until i heard it on here
Should’ve hade noel
This is so cute
This made me feel way too many feelings. I hate it but I also love it.
Why did the production value for this video go up like x100 for this video
*that's cringe* cody
DHAR MAN OHHHHHHHH
What's the song that plays at the end where he promotes his new merch ?
this is amazing
The animation in this video tho
Dhar Mann actually seems like a genuinely good dude
Omg Chealse and Cody are sooo cute
Aawwww I love this. Wholesomeeeee
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dharmander is a genius.
3:39 the pre school teacher inside kelsey just came out lol
Everyone hating on Jake cuz Cody said “behind” but every server knows not to walk in the kitchen
lmao they just sais whats up 2 times
Longest video Cody has made in a while
I sent the dhar mann vid to my mom and she aaid it was really inspirational 😎
Can I get a thank you chef
“su chef” lmao
Cody looks so proud and I just🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
Cody stepping out in a chef’s hat at 16:00 is the funniest shit I’ve seen in weeks
Fair enough there’s a lot that goes into the sketches- doesn’t make them good
“So as you can see...”
Great job!!!!
The Cody Ko & Dharr Mann saga was a Dhar Mann video in itself.
THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY FUCKING DAY!!!! Thank y’all!!!!
That was actually a good video. 🙏🏼🔥
Petition for Cody to change his name to Cody Kooks
Am I the only one who is mad the Cody is getting soft
you either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the Dhar Mann
kelsy,why are you sitting on grandpa's lap?
Cool
Dhar Mann’s voice is so entrancing
CODY CURED MY DEPRESSION WITH THIS VIDEO WITHIN THE FIRST 10 SECONDS
The confidence on Cody's face throughout the video is astronomical😭😭
when worlds collide
Gosh DHARn it! This is a great video!
Fousey lookin different nowadays
This video was SO GOOD!! One of you best Cody Im living for it <3
The collab we didn’t ask for but we definitely needed
Dhar man is going to replace Noel
lil peep fan 0:48 i see you cody
You couldn’t invite Noel to meet dhar man even for a sec ?
Ok but why did the call in the beginning remind me of Pool Party by The Aquabats
He became the very thing he set out to destroy
best youtuber change my mind ❤️😂
The collab I didn’t know I needed
waiting for cody x girl defined now
This is why I fucking love Cody Ko man. He actually reaches out and collabs with the people he makes fun of
This is amazing
Cody really be out here making acting seem frictionless      (Also the new merch is sick)
DHAR MANN! AAAAAAAAAH!!
Bro come on- you weren’t wrong for slating his videos. Don’t just back down
CLASH OF THE TITANS
apparently cody doesn’t have any patience when it comes to kelsey 😮😮 wonder what that means
This is the most wholesome Cody ko video :) I loved it
petition for cody to make a cooking account called cody Kooks
Let Noel react to this
The new merch is hard
guys don’t worry the new merch is 100% real, not fake
It would’ve all come full circle if Cody was the reason the Jake kept dropping the egg. And every time he’d say “behind” and then “I’m so sorry”
Really enjoyed this video and I’m glad your back
Me, literally every day: I kinda wanna make a youtube channel but it seems hard  Me when Cody is in my sub box: *devising a plan to purposefully get on that's cringe so I can meet Cody a year later*
the hair gives him dhar mann's powers
We love this content old man!!!
Lesson learned: Everything has to be frictionless.
'you looking at him'  legendary joke from Noel about Mr Struggles
now dhar mann should make an inspirational video about creating commentary videos on youtube
I’ve seen all the Dhar Mann sketches and no cap this is the fucking best one
Now we need kody and GT Dave teaming up on a new flavor of kombucha
Short king😤
Who's your new editor? This seem much more high production than usual
DHARR MANN
Yo this is a good ass video! Keep it up
here before 50 views
my teacher showed us darr man pre corona, it could've been a warning
DHAR MANNN
Wears mask when far apart Takes off mask when sitting together on the couch -_-
He named the antagonist Jake and the chef Gordon i can’t 😂
that merch drop was fire
Did anyone realize that Codu wrote 'Su Chef' instead of 'Sous Chef'?
Damn, is no one gonna talk about the animation?!
Honestly this is so enlightening and it’s interesting to see how he works and thinks and what he considers
I honestly thought dharr man was mutahar or ordinarygamer
I love how he made fun of this guy and still had the open mind to understand his content more and do a collab. Lol. What a chad. AND 7:45 that was a straight up burn XD
nice editing my man
he named the douchy guy "Jake". See what he did there?
Alternative title: Woman makes boyfriend become a better person by making him think that it was all one big joke
Dhar Mann is such a great soul!😊
Top 10 Anime Redemption Arc
The merch is like having an acid trip. I dig it.
kelsey being the real g here though
i saw this on tiktok and was waiting for the video
midroll got me like IS HE GONNA CLEAN IT?
Alternate title: how the turns have tabled
Now you gotta start a cooking channel and name it « Cody Kook »
this was such a good video!!!!!
holy shit dhar mann with the gifts too what a truly wholesome experience i love this
Now dahr mann should make a video for you
I looove when he collabs with the people he dissed 😂❤️
tell me why this had me in my feelings?? brb crying in the corner
Okay I love this wholesome content. This is a really cool collab. Everyone was so chill and nice to each other🥺🥺🥺
LMAOOO My sister was watching him and she was like CODYYY KOOOO!!!
cody cook is my fav dhar mann sketch character
Bro now if Noel don't do a react w/ chat on his stream to this after trollin him w the "malone brown" in the podcast i'm suin sumone fr fr.
How do we feel about the new editing style?
Best crossover of 2020
This is to sweet yet so cheesy
This is not what I expected when i clicked on this video. Loved it.
I thought it was Noel on the phone call at first lmao
The names cody gave the characters in the sketch ... very interesting ...
I saw u on TikTok and tag u 😂
It’s so wholesome when Cody collabs with the people he makes cringe episodes on. We love a creator that can laugh at themselves
7:45 I guess you could say Dhar Mann isn’t just telling stories
Insane broooo!!!!
im sorry but the good patient chef had a really creepy ass smile
Do a collab with girl defined
This was good shit, codster
ANOTHER DHAR MANNNN
it's so cute that he gave cody a 5 million subscribers gift
i love when Cody does vids with kelsey
“It’s got so much flavour” looks like water
Im so scared to watch this after reading the comments😭😭😭
Dayum this is wholesome
I can’t be the only person who likes this kind of new editing style right? Lmao
Ayyye I see the lil peep songs in your recommended section👀👀👀
ah yes, the su chef
huh.
Cody "Cook" Ko
why is nobody talking about how adorable it is that Kelsey spent the whole video hyping Cody up?
Darman definitely has a gun to his head
I NEED Noel to roast it
Bro Noel ain’t here? Wow
Cody ko? Or yes theory??
The collab no one knew they needed
Will YOU clean the egg? Or will you be another jake...
I love that Cody does these collabs
It’s official Cody is leaving YouTube to write inspirational content with DHAR MAN
"I'm so sorry man" lol I laughed so hard with how cheesy it was.
Lol he has less than half ur subs
This was so fucking wholesome
Wack
Dhar Mann did you dirty, dude!  'Video by Dhar Mann' at the end!! What's Cody's writing credits?! Lol  Edit: Also, that new merch is SEEEEEXY, my man!!
I fucking called it
Don't touch those fucking eggs kevin
Cody, I'm arab and I watch your videos 👍 since you wondered why dar man adds subtitles.. it seems people forget that YouTube is international.
You should’ve done it with Noel
Love your videos 😂😂😂
When i saw Dharr Mann i heard Noel scream: "DHARR MAN!AHHHH!",even if he's not here.
The editing? Fire The collab? Fire The sketch? Fire The lives? Changed
I wish I could like this video a million times!
11:08  that's 100% water
such a good fucking video
I like how a while ago Cody said he moved all the clothes from the background, but they’re all where we can’t see XD!!
bro these animations are so good
dhar man getting cody a gift is the funniest shit ever
When people have a sense of humour and react kindly to commentary videos made about them, it really makes them so likeable 😊😊😊 the kombucha king and dhar mann seem like really great people to get to know and I’m so glad cody showed us more of them
Z
...why am i crying.
The collab we didn’t know we needed. Also holy shit Dhar Mann is actually such a nice guy I love that
Y
“hopefully you learn something from this video🙃🙃🙃”
X
W
V
U
T
Seems like a great dude
Cody’s hair is lookin beautiful
S
R
You distracted me during my online class
As a waitress, you are supposed to shout “behind” when you are behind someone so it is Mr. Right Now’s fault for the eggs falling on the floor 🤷🏻‍♀️ although a typical kitchen never has anything communal that close to a stove lol
Thank you Cody for carrying me through this quarantine 😌
IM DEAD  WHAT IF CODY WALKED OUT AS THE NEW CHEF AND TOLD THE “Hey man sorry about the egg” 💀💀💀
this is wholesome af, Dharmannder is so down to earth
Was this a way to get cody an acting role?
Q
this is a real life "you must be wondering how i got here" meme
I literally laughed out loud when you said your line lmao
I would never expect this, but I am so excited it happened
so why did this make me cry
P
noel needs to come roast this 😭😭❤️
O
only one collab missing: celery and rosé couple 😌
N
The egg when it fell on the floor: 👁👄👁
M
this video is actually very wholesome, i wasn't expecting that
L
Cody: (struggling to come up with an idea)  *OH GREAT MR STRUGGLE*
why is no one talking about those DELICIOUS animations??
This is such a great video, great content, and very well executed, amazing job Cody!!!
K
I love this video absolutely so much
J
I
this reminds me of when ethan and hila went to meet dj khaled
H
I feel bad laughing about depressed cody 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
G
F
LOL... legit taking notes right now...
E
D
C
did you film the merch plug at danny duncans house?
B
A
cody befriending people the that's cringe series roasted like thanos getting the infinity gems
At this point in his career, if Cody wants to collab with literally anyone, all he has to do is make a That's Cringe on them and wait for a year or so
It's so nice of Dhar Mann to volunteer his time to the elderly.😌😁😼
Why is this 60 year old man dating a 18 year old
Bring back that’s cringe
Behind
You can tell Cody was really pleased with his 'Cody Cook' joke lol
Thinking that Kelsey way the puppet master the whole time makes this all better and I will keep that as the reason it was life changing
The most ambitious crossover in history
All the commentary channels walking on eggshells now ever since leafy's channel got taken down
This video proved that behind Dhar Mann's psychotic smile is a fucking pile of money, while he's smiling about the dipshit message in his video he's thinking Lambo laaammbboooo
I saw the video on Monday
Dhamann... Aaaarrrrgggghhhhh!!!!!!!!!
Day one of waiting for Cody to collab with Dre Drexler
*im so sorry man*
i want to see both Cody and Noel on the same  Dhar Mann video
i....adore them together. also love the idea of kelsey being an all knowing conscience secretly orchestrating cody’s good choices
okay but jake is fine as hell
The animations are so goood. Overall, the production level on this video is *chef’s kiss*
at this rate cody should go and roast one of harry style’s music videos so he can be featured in the next one
Darr Mann is so nice  That 5Millie gift was kind
jake looks like a knockoff noel. if only they got noel to play him...
I fw this
Oh hell yeah brother this is dope
why the rich kid poop so strong doe
WHERES NOEL
*sous chef
Let me guess, 2 year shipping on the merch?
awesome
The main characters of this are Nerdy Cody and Average Guy Noel
Tell me why Kevin putting that chef’s hat on in front of Jake nearly brought tears to my fuckin eyes
This is so wholesome holy fuck
Cody's channel is bout to start being only inspirational stories
Cody is a lil peep fan?!
Cody has had so much character development as his channel continues
Cool video and all but the mess in the studio makes me sick to my stomach
Yo kinda dope that Cody turned to reflect like this. Shoutout to Kelsey puppet master
I think it should have been a Cody and Noel thing tbh
Cody Ko is the fucking GOAT
Does anyone else think Cody should watch another trash programme and do a review?  How about “Selling Sunset”...?
They really be doing a merch drop in front of some blue ass water
okay in all honesty, the acting in thisbis pretty good LMFAO
Lol Cody’s journey to become as big as dhar Mann
This is so wholesome 😚
The amount of work that went into this video. Respect. Also Kelsey coming in with the life lessons. We love our wise queen, the way Cody learned his own lesson at the end of the video is truly... *chefs kiss*
best video yet
Bro when he said I’m so sorry man I fucking died
You should do a THATS cringe on a FaZe Kay video
Great video. For real. :)
Damn Cody reprising his role from Jus Reign's waiter skit, good content d00d!
Second channel: Cody Kompassion
I feel like the was some chemistry 😏😏
*damn... cody’s shirt matches his eyes...*
I haaate how wrongly he spelled "sous chef"
Can you do this with John Quinones too?
To be fair, it does take a lot of effort to make something for the lowest common denominator, but the messages are so infantile, so is it really worth doing in the long run? Absolutely $$$
No way... Cody... Dude you are actually insane I love it
I can hear you saying.  DHARRRR MANANANN NNNNNN
i think this was good character development for cody i’m proud
This was so good need more of this content and it looks like Cody did move 😗
Leave it to the kindergarten teacher to come up with the lesson lol
CODYYYY HAHAHA
4:21 I've checked telegram lol
DHAR MANN     AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
CodyCook really had me laughing and crying at the same time, as I’m eating my eggs rethinking things
Nobody’s said it so I feel like I have to- the actor who plays Jake is kinda like Noel on steroids
Yo Cody cape through with the editing on this one 👍
This IS The collab of 2020!!! Or dare I say it... of the century 🤩. I looooove ittttt!!!!!
I NEED that Cody sad face to be a new meme.
Your hair looks so healthy btw
Oh my god, Kelsey in the back roasting him, Noel style.  "Not as easy as it looks, huh? You suck at writing inspirational content."
I absolutely love how first, you're making sketches about all these videos that you watch and make fun of, and then you end up meeting with the people behind them and collab with tme making videos together. You're a true fucking gem.
Kelsey is a puppet master, no doubt
Kelsey is underpaid lmao. We stan
when i saw the video on facebook a couple nights ago i screamed, i cant believe this is real
When Kody ś ghost writter is better then Jakes Paul ś writter
I love how Kelsey got to show off her preschool teacher chops in this video. She’s so patient and nice and well spoken 😭 her students are so lucky!!
I actually really needed the insight lmao- and this was so nice lmao
KEEP THIS SHIT GOING. GT DAVE, MATTY SMOKES, DHAR MANN, WHOS NEXT
chef: *Drinks a ladle of water* Chef: GOOD BOY KEVIN! THIS TASTE AMAZ IN!~
Love this. Different format for you and you killed it. Hell yeah
THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING OMYGOD THIS COLLAB MADE MY DAY
damn i love the switch up of building something up. love you
this was honestly kinda wholesome.
Can we get a part 2? Backstory on this Cody guy please.
This vid is hot trash.  Said no one ever!!!!! Banger of a vid dood
Who had Cody saving 2020 on Apocalypse Bingo?
I fuck with the fact that the number 1 music playlist that shows up for Cody has About U by Lil Peep on the front.
The fact that no one is talking about how good the animation on this video looks is astonishing. I love it so much ahhhahhhahahaha
I'm so sorry man
I think it’s safe to say Cody has a natural 20 in charisma Also that’s the titos from Kelsey’s new video!
why am I crying
tell me why i actually started crying then cody goes “CODY COOK”
Did you break up withe noel????  Tel me you didnt
Woah he uploaded?
god my mom is constantly watching him on facebook
I was so caught off guard but so entertained
Cody should have just written his journey of making fun of dhar man to having to work with him and understanding what he went through and it isn't easy but he could have dramatised it a little more 😂
Respect to Cody for being so self-aware
Now he has to collab with the cheap wrestler
I like this new format. Make fun of someone (Matty Smokes, Darman) then meet them & make a new friend. Kelsey really is puppet-master.
Kelsey be so proud of Cody warms my heart haha
i m  s o r r y  m a n 🥺
NO WAYYY
New hoodies look sweet dude.
Cody really be out here doing that’s cringe just to end up being part of the said cringe content
Now we need Dhar Mann to make a "That's Cringe" video with Cody
Now Cody has to collab with the Christian sisters
Great video Cody
Cody became what he despised
That was actually a decent plot for how little time it took for him to write it
cody is the best give him some respect
Give Kelsey her 10% cut my man.
I need Cody to collab with Girl Defined
Kelsi for 21 minutes manipulating cody to show patience
This video is Frictionless and I love it.  Cody: *names antagonist names Jake* (exudes passive aggressive suburban mother that talks shit about another mom by subtly shading their life choices but still talks to them like friends type of energy)🤣😭
Great vid but imagine if Noel was involved...
This videos name shouldve been thats so crimge dhar mann edition 3
Cody is the puppet and Dhar Mann is pulling all the strings
If Noel was in this, it would be sick
It's like Kelseys so proud of her 8 year son's book report. So cute. Cody's like" you like it??!!" Really? You do? " ..Cody beams & is so proud of himself
Wow hasn't written anything serious in his life, sounds like Mr. Struggle to me
Drake and Future need to go back to the WATTBA era of making dark moody trap music made for late night drives around Atlanta while you're sipping on a cup of lean
i was really cheesin this whole video
Guys the point of this video is that it is a sketch. This whole scenario is to teach you the lesson not to make fun of things because people worked hard on them.
You have to choices dealing with roasters: *The Paul, Dobre approach *The GT Dave, Dhar Mann and Matty Smokes approach
First the Kombucha King, now it’s Dhar Mann. Can’t wait for Kody’s next collab with Girl Defined
Top 10 Badass Anime Team-Ups
EGG NOOOOOOO
Props to Dhar Mann for being able to take a joke
dhar mann says  in the beginning he y dhaaar mannnn fam
This was an awesome vid
Umm wtf the editing on this went off???? The flashback??? The animation??? Genuinely amazing stuff ✨
I love how he brings in Kelsey to help 😄
Ngl Cody shouldve just written about the don’t judge a book by its cover and what Kelsey was talking about
Cody can you please make a really cheesy 90s commercial cause you are LOOKING the part
DHAARRRRR MAAAAAAN YEEEAAAAAAAAAAA
Gordon lmaooo
1:05 legit thought that was the guy from "the volume in this bus is ASSSSTRONOMICAL"
Good shit, cant believe he didnt slip a frictionless in the script somewhere tho
Now collab with girl defined
Cody out here learning life lessons
Cody made fun Dhar Mann sketches to then learn that it's super hard to make the sketches then to make fun of the sketch he made
dharr man oooooooooh
Yooo
The chemistry between Cody and dhar Mann is so funny
WHERE IS NOEL
Dhar Mann comes in and says sike you picked the wrong number
||BARS||
Claim your "Here before 1 million views" here.
anyone else notice lil peep at 0:49? lmaoooo made me happy
DHAR MAN!!!!
Wassup dude! Wassup bro! Dude; wassup! Bro: wassup. Bro, dude. Wassup wassup.   Y’all are the biggest jabronis 😂😂
lmao Cody going through his own Dhar Mann type story is great
heh the song is called dough
kelsey getting emotional over the video is the cutest thing i’ve ever seen :)
At this point it's DESTINY that they meet Girl Defined
this is honestly so adorable
7:56 oh shit she called you mr struggle
That felt like I just watched the Nemo
I need Noels reaction to the video
i am actually so proud of cody, like it takes a lot to normalize changing opinions and admitting u were kind of a dick lol
like he looks so out of place in a dhar mann video but that's what makes the video special
when are you gonna change your profile pic cody
cody is a true canadian
You can tell that Cody is better at comedy
nice
U should just quit yt and be a chef instead. U look so into it haha❤
my mom watches these on facebook alllll the time
That video was so inspirational I cried
Kelsey just spitting facts over and over. Damn
And his name is DHAR MANN!!! HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
Next up: The Girl  Defined Experience
this is just so lovely. god damn
I didn’t think think that the main antagonist would actually learn his lesson
i wish i have the same charisma as cody is
may aswell write a book now
That is the thing about Cody. He's genuinely a caring dude that doesn't just bash people at their expense. He actually goes out to of his way to do a collab with this guy.
this was so wholesome
First kombutcha man now dhar mann🤯
hell yeah dude
This is amazing
A e f f s a g g t w n o p l  Yes N r w a u o w w a g k l o r
Lol Kelsey going in on Cody like “you’re actually learning something, you’re actually learning not to judge a book by its cover and how much work it ACTUALLY takes to....” I was in tears at that lol
“i’m so sorry man😔” IM FUCKING CRYING. 😂😂😂😂
I wish I could be Cody, he gets to make fun of people and still be their friends
Noel could have easily been casted for jake lol
“You’re lookin at him”  B A R S
Chef Gordon should’ve been the real Gordon
no one: absolutely no one: Not his fans: Not his haters:    Cody: LET ME ROAST THIS MAN WHILE COLLABORATING WITH HIM
“I learned to be more patient” less than a minute later,  “I just could not wait another second”
I'm glad Cody found some blue ass water for his merch photo shoot
Wow you did so good! I’m happy for you <3
Dahr Man is a grade A dude
Now we wait for "the 5 minute crafts experience"
frfr i love how throughout the years cody never switched up like so many of these other channels. he’s never flexes a bunch of designer or acts out like most youtubers eventually do
This was SO GOOD
i miss that’s cringe
How I wish I could like this video a million times...
This was my favorite video of all time. Awesome job chode.
Even Dhar Man is on Cody's ass for how his room looks. Cody's gotta do something about it now right??
Cody did you and noelle break up?
Anybody know the song at the end
5:10 guys being bros
DHAR MANN.  But no seriously big ups to Kelsey
Wholesome
i like to imagine noel in one of dhar mann's vids and scream "DHAR MANN"
7:45 *Chill out Kelsey* 🤯
cody kinda looks edited in the video to me
Cody: maybe even is genuine in this video. Me: iRoNicallY
Good job dude 🤝
This is just ratatouille
Why does the audio sound so weird?
When I seen you in that video I did a double take 😂💀
Incredibly cool video
u gotta watch this with Noel man
cody please keep using the same editor who edit this video cause this was edited really well done
DHAR MANN VS AVENGERS ENDGAME
You guys did 26 takes of scene 2
I never expected this... first kombucha man now dhar man huh
i wanna be cody's friend
kelsey: ...and you're struggling ALWAYS KNEW CODY WAS A MR. STRUGGLE
CHEF CODY CHEF CODY CHEF CODY
You ever just meet a person u just wanna nothing but good things to happen to. Dhar Mann is that dude. This dude is the personification of good vibes.
i deadass laughed with y’all at 11:43 😭😭😭😭
I was wondering when you were gonna talk about this because I saw the collab a while ago haha
I swear Jake looks like Noel
I actually like this vid a lot. You can tell you put some heart into this project 👍🏼
You’re telling me you didn’t scream “PISS” in the sketch? You really let me down
Why Noel not in this video tho
Brooo su chef!? Lmfao
This is the highlight of 2020
Now we got to get noel in to roast Cody's
"I've never written anything serious in my life" 😂    Great video ❤️💯
So when do we begin to roast him for using Pages?
Who’s Watching In School?
Be the first of all that was an awesome video you guys did an amazing job but secondly I love that freaking hoodie the hood on that thing is huge oh man I'm a hoodie hoarder and it's all about the hood in the softness on the inside of the sweatshirt for me and that hood is totally doing it unfortunately I'm broke right now but when I'm not broke I plan on getting one awesome video you guys did great and tell the beautiful girlfriend she looks amazing as always
I love how Cody's production value is really raised in the video. Awesome 👍💯
He talks like the main character in a 2010 Disney movie
lmao the shade in naming the douchebag jake
Leafy: gets terminated on youtube for going off Pokimane. Kody ko: *slides and responds to Dhar Mann dm's and become friends* Brillaint lmao
I miss Noel’s “DHAR MANN”
This feels nothing like a Cody Ko video
Love that he thinks of accessibility!
I'm so sorry, man
Why is the mean girl is always the same actor in every sketches
Bruh
the collab i never knew i needed
either you die a hero... or live long enough tosee yourself become the villan
The Dhar MEN
I remember scrolling through Insta and I saw the thumbnail and was like "that kinda looks like Cody" and then actually seeing him i was like LMAO WTF ITS OUR MANS
“You can call me Cody Cook” 😏😏😂
“Aahhh whats up bro” “yooo whats up man” “whats up”
you could make a beatdrop with just a soundbite of Noel saying DHAR MANN
holyyyyyy
Da gal love that man lol
This has to be the best Cody Ko video he has ever made.
lel
The greatest Collab ever
nice haircut. you look like jossy wales
All the guys cody roasts start hanging with him. Next video will be a Dhar Mann inspirational video in the Kombucha's guy house about a teen called MattySmokes that starts making youtube vaping videos
I never noticed Cody’s quarantine hair until now 😔
Cody, listens to peep  I love him more.
Ok....that was a cute little sketch I’m not gonna lie
This series has the best redemption arks so far
iM sO sOrRy mAn
Kelsey in the merch advert is a damn model
every time i see dhar mann, i just remember his scam makeup tutorial website liveglam
You working with DHARRRR MANNN! Is the best thing ever 😂💜
The quality>>>>> The editing>>>>>> The animation>>>> Old man cody snapped
Dude, Dhar is actually so nice. This video was actually wholesome as fuck.
look how cody ko is trying to flex so hard after he made fun videos
Love that the head chef is named Gordon
Ok but like, I’m loving the animation
Let's goooo Cody. That's some quality shit
2:50 YUP
The "behind" thing is even funnier to me because I work with a bunch of younger people but I'm almost 30. I'm the only one that yells "behind" as a courtesy. Maybe it's just where I'm from but I feel like that shows your age even more hahaha
I love Kelsey
This is pretty epic 😎
Why does Cody’s whole intro feel like a scripted Dhar Mann video
man that handshake at 8:26 was awwkward
noel and spock should do a that’s cringe to this video
Greatest crossover of all time, endgame who?
The outro says "MODELING BITCH LEARN ABOUT IT" to me
I love this!!
Dissapointed of lack of Noel for not shouting DHAR MAN.
Cody good-naturedly roasting people until they gracefully accept a collab opportunity, thus boosting their own careers by demonstrating that they can take a joke is such a nice vibe in 2020
1564th
Dhar Mann is the coolest guy ever!
my guy you either have a new light thats under your face or your monitor brightness needs to go down haha
This is so fucking wholesome! I think I never smiled this long before.
I ship Kevin and Jake.
🙏 Congratz!
Not only is this one of your most well-crafted pieces of content (not necessarily the sketch, but this episode as a whole), it’s also the most conceptually rich. The layers are Christopher Nolan-esque. Chef’s hat off to you my Dude!
After watching the video I realised that I need to start living for myself
DHAR MANN: hey what's up dude? CODY: hey what's up man? DHAR MANN: hey what's up man?
Why is your content getting better and better
He should've played the head chef. His age would be perfect
The head chef is called Gordon
the animations in this were insane
the egg landing noise
I LOVE THIS VIDEO IT’S SO WHOLESOME
This didn’t feel right without Noel
mans said "chef threatens to fire new cook, what employee does will shock you"
this is eggcellent
7:59 Kelsey goes OFF
JASPER CANADA REPRESENT
you've successfully convinced me to buy the merch
Cody: I have never tried to teach anyone anything ever.  Me, who learned how to be happy, confident and comfortable in my mid 20s partially via watching Cody and Noel: Oh okay sick
Legit. The one thing I learned from this was don’t cook your eggs on high heat. Thanks.   I completely forgot Cody was in it and when he showed up as the cook at the end, that was a bomb twist. Good shit.  “I’m so sorry, man...🥺”
Does my favorite youtuber respond
Love this video man
Chef comedy
"I'm so sorry man" -Cody 2020
I almost shit myself when dhar Mann answered the phone
When Cody said he had smt planed i never in a million of years expected this....         But im so here 4 it
This is the content I didn’t know I needed lol
11:40 💀💀💀💀 “I’m so sorry man”
I did not expect this
everyone fits their roll so well
i'm sorry, but *DAMN* cody is a good actor.
this was fucking great
DHAR MANN OOOOOHHHooOOOOHHHHHh
Damn this was an... "eggsellent" video. Cody collaborating with Dhar Mann got me "fried" up...   ...I'm going to see myself out...
I’m supposed to be taking a chemistry test in 21 mins so... thanks Cody
Oh wow, the fuxking egg dropped. Big whoop.
pack it up Nev from catfish with the editing
i love u & kelsey so very much, y'all are what is good in this world. keep it up mr. chodester 🥺❤️
I was so not ready for this 😐
this was such a good video wtf
Dude please restock the grey sweatpants, they're sick af!!! I literally just got here and they're already sold out! xoxo
Finally an explanation
BEHIND
This just isn’t the same without;  *DHAR MANN, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*
positive cody positive cody positive cody positive cody
fr tho, gotta respect the Dhar dude for taking it on the nose like you should. so many people could learn from these kind of interactions. why strike down a video when you could expand your viewer base and come off like a champ
I love Kelsey so much. She's on his ass constantly but in a I love this idiot way
This is one of the best videos you've ever made!!!
THAT BOY A SCREENWRITERRRRRR! OOOHHKAAYYYY
He looks like a really nice person wow
Just commenting for YouTube algorithm.
holy shit, Cody, your studio, get your shit together man
We needed Noel in this one
Kudos on the quality content with minimal neggie vibes.
The collab we didn’t know we needed
next dhar mann video: mr struggle overcomes struggles
Daamm... Lessons etcetera
This is the least “Cody Ko” video I’ve ever seen on his channel.
stop the way i became proud of kevin and felt so happy for him in a matter of like 10 minutes
Keep doing your videos like this the voiceovers
This is the type of video I love to see!
Love the guy at 19:22 on a bmx with flowers
cody: speaks with dhar man me: hasnt seen dad
Cody uses Pages????
Its actually really good, didnt expect this
7:55 typical Mr. Struggle over here guys smh
7:46 she really went after him like that 👀
"Patience is a Virtue" - insert Dessert With Kelsey and those big fuckin cookies
Cody has always been Kelseys puppet
This video really cheered me up. I am not feeling too well since yesterday night someone close to me died and my eating disorder is getting worse. Thank you Cody.
It makes me happy seeing how cool Dhar Mann was about this and how you guys kind of ended up being friends
*and his name is DHAR MAN!!!!*
*DHAR MAAN* *AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH*
DUDE YESSSSS!!!!!
❣️❣️
the collab the animations the irony the OUTCOME💖❤️💗💞💝💖
top 10 anime crossovers
He was really being a Mr. Struggle while writing the sketches huh
Being impatient...Knock it off
That's the most saddest egg cooked
The fact that Dhar Mann was so cool about this just makes him that much more of a legend
Dhar man seems like a super cool dude.   Great collab
You two are so wholesome together, please don't ever break up 🥰
the sketch is actually a good sketch           surprising...
LOVE.THIS
Bro. Kelsey literally GAVE you the best scene you could've written. "Youtuber makes fun of channel and learns not to judge book by its cover".
DHAR MAN OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!
cody’s acting is just him standing there like 🧍🏽‍♂️
This is amazing! Great job, Cody. I'm looking at Dhar Mann in a whole new light lol
5:10 “wassup man” “Wassup dude” “Wassup bro”
7:45 literally that would have been the best thing to write about.
Endgame isn't the best crossover you idiots... Learn about it.
UwU I’m a cute girl OwO
i am so sorry man
Cody, changing lives with inspirational content? Never thought i’d see it but we love to see it. Also, I wish Kevin woulda called cody and idiot sandwich in front of Gordon, gotta get gordon Ramsey’s attention too while you’re at it.
Cody im sorry but its illegal to take a selfie with a person in a coma. They yelled at me a lot when i tried to do it ):
Cody cook would be the best Cooking Channel
i love cody’s hands behind his back at the very end lmaooo
the silence in those videos are the thing that really weirds me out
Next thing we know Cody will only post inspirational content
this is incredible
Finally you put out another video 😅
You see, Cody caught the Dharmander!!
cool
Cody walking in like that made him look like a gta character lmao
10:16
Dahm i had goosebumps at the end
Kelsey hitting Cody with that teachers advice...
Oh when she kissed his forehead:( that was so nice it made me feel so single
Wow, so inspiring. This _really_ changed my life 🙌🙏
Is this the new kembucha video
This was actually incredible so proud of Cody he’s so creative
The second story abt the friends honestly seems very entertaining and life changing😂
why did the sketch actual make me cry i’m so proud of your grandpa kelsey
at first i thought that Noel was on the phone
tag urself I'm the egg on the floor
WHERE TF IS NOEL ?!
Cody looks tall in the video.
DAHR MAN!!! AHHHH!!!
The copious amounts of editing in this video is proof that he became more patient
Kelsey is Jim Henson
I feel like this was one big sponsored vid
Cody doing a Stan Lee on his skit hahaha
Dhar mann again
Why does Cody have curtains?
This is the most wholesome thing that's happened on YouTube for a long time
this video is a banger Cody
This is wholesome
Cody didn't die a hero, he lived to see himself become the cringe.
love how Kelsey is his biggest critique and cheerleader at the same time
Why is the single egg falling to the floor the funniest thing
Why did I cry
Kelsey was definitely the puppet master
Why does Cody have curtains?
checkmate dobre bros
The editing on this vid is insane
Cody thought that he could do a Disney channel movie-esq flashback and no one would notice 🙄
This editing style is so cool
Alright Dhar Mann collab is sick and all but is nobody gonna mention Kelsey’s fucking Mcdonalds sweatshirt? Like hello, where can i get one? 🔥🔥
This was amazing Cody, love this style of vid :)
0:48 YOOOO CODY LISTENS TO LiL PEEP
BEHIND!
this video is so *chefs kiss*
I've never seen a more cinematic Cody video. Dhar mann is really rubbing off on him
No way.
“DHAR MANN” *Noel voice*
DHAR MAN !!!! AHHHHHHH!!!!
He said "I've never tried to teach anybody a lesson ever" like him and Noel didn't hit us with the banger Knock It Off
cody why are you putting 3 league of legend ads on this gem of a video
First thing I noticed was how short Cody is
the collab we’ve all been waiting for
Dharuto.                                Funny me me
Greatest collab of all time
I cannot believe this is real
It's so awesome that DHAR MANN can take a joke without getting offended....
This is a really well done video
*DHAR MANN AHHHHHH*
su chef❤️
The next video should just be dhar Mann completely trash talking your sketch
This video is a massive W
i left my zoom to watch this
The collab no one asked for but the one we needed
Cody this is amazing fucking content
We need to see Noel reacting to that vid. And we need it now.
Dharn
I had no idea how much I needed this video in my life until now.
He got Dhar Mannder
god.
"there's a lot more work that goes into certain things than you think, and u make fun of things cause they seem simple, then you try to do em yourself and you're struggling" 👏 👏 👏 preach Kelsey ❤️
I love the lil peep playlists at 0:49
7:52 ... Kelsey just publicly called him Mr. Struggle.
behind
Cook Cody !😂😂😂
Being a youtuber is somewhat about patience too. Patience to gain a subscriber base, patience to edit videos. For many years
Dhar Mann is actually the man
Thankyou so much Cody for uploading.... .. And humble request to the people posting the "old" jokes. C'mon it's getting lame now.. Much respect to Cody, the only YouTuber that is legit funny and the only one that came out funnier after vine died. The videos and content he puts out is funny and hilarious. Nothing but respect for u dude. Also don't let no one intimidate you. You're  Cody savage, doesn't give a damn Ko.  👍
❤️❤️
👁️👄👁️ Me watching Kody and Dhar Man without masks out in public
DHHHAR MAAAAN
this made me so happy
With how crazy 2020 is, I wouldn't be surprised if the Girl Defined collab finally happens
OMJEE HE GOT YOU A 5 MILLION SUB GIFT THAT WAS SO NICE I ALMOST CRIED 🥺🥺🥺🥺
They should have let Noel do the narration in the video, almost sounds like him already
I love how cody is seriously watching and appreciating the work that went Into this. Cody, before being BTS, would of cracked a million jokes by now... and now hes smiling and appreciating the video.  U can see his growth!
Ok guys, this is pretty epic
So funny yet so great to watch the way you took this arch in your career, Cody. I've been watching your videos for a couple years now and it's helped me out a lot to keep myself fluent (I'm Brazilian btw). Great to know you're looking for different ways to help people. Great turn, man, congrats.
The legend is back
“Avengers infinity war is the biggest crossover ever”  Cody ko: Hold my kombucha
dhar mann
Came out 20 minutes ago
*sous
Can’t say I was expecting this
Dhar Man is on another level, out here teaching Cody lessons irl
Kelsey kissing Cody on the forehead is so wholesome
cool bro, good to see you bro, how are you bro? nice bro
I love how proud kelsey is of Cody 😔❤️❤️❤️
aye i see those peep mixes
I heard he has multiple felonies for fraud.
everybody who cody makes fun of, always becomes friends with him, thats the best part
So now. Instead of taking 2 months to upload a video. Cody is gonna take 6 months to upload
Wow THIS IS THE BEST COLLAB  😂🔥
Cody should’ve done a script where someone makes fun of someone elses work without knowing there full story. But then he learns the full story and learns not to judge a book by his cover.
i’m waiting for people to start flaming cody’s hair
Video with Dobre bros next?
I’m loving kelseys sweatshirt lol
Wow. Cody had himself in his own sketch but was only in it for a little bit. He is the next Tarantino. True art Mr. Ko
How very wholesome, Cody Kooks
All this was just to sell some merch?         Worth it!
*record scratch* hey. that’s me. wanna know how I got here? let me take you back to the beginning.
Wow this is actually one of your best videos I really enjoyed it
Kelsey sitting behind you has the same vibe as Noel telling you your socks are trash in the first Dhar Mann video
kels is a puppet master
This is something I thought would never happen...
Cody Ko... ❤️
the dude with glasses looks like the main character in the new lorax movie
I saw one of da mann's videos and i was like, no, that cant be cody
Before 100K Views Gang
Kelsey sitting on Cody's lap was the cutest part of this video🥺❤️
"It was all along plan of dhar mann to teach Cody a lesson"
cody you POPPED OFF with this video
Are you learning to be a fearless entrepreneur, Cody?
He had his dream ruined by a few eggs
Cody been listening to lil peep huh?
Noel is at home crying bc Cody has a new man...Dhar Mann destroyed another relationship
tbh if i had the name DHAR MAN i would be screaming it all the time.
Is Sam Collins ur grandson
man why are all of these people so chill
this is such an interesting video
Woah the editing on this is kinda c r a z y
This just shows that Cody doesn’t do his videos with malicouse intent. Just amazing
okay nobody’s going to talk about lil peep on his home page huh🥺?
Yessss 😍
this is my new favourite Cody ko video
This video is secretly just Kelsey roasting Cody for being impatient
Sweeeet!!! but I was expecting you both to wrap it up with a "DHAAAAAR MAAAAAAN!!!"
this is awesome Cody!
incredible, never seen anything more entertaining
Why does your character in the skit remind me of Kenny from South Park, says one thing once and is silent for the rest of the show
That was beautiful
Should've also done it where you got Noel to react to the video without knowing you wrote it. His face would've been priceless when he'd see you pop up in the video half way through 😂
Love u cody
Cody is like the Goku of YT.
If i didn’t know cody ko in the vid, i’d say he’s such as a smug asshole
your audience are from other countrys too 🇧🇷
Now this is wholesome.
Cody go back to the old editing style
Subscribe
DHAR MANN!! OOOOOOOOOH!!!
Cod Mann?
Makes fun of kambucha man and his house  Kambucha man invites him to his place   Makes fun of Dhar Mann's video Dhar Mann tells him to make a video with him  Makes fun of the wholefoods crazy couple's video  'you.' Welp, we can only imagine.
"You can call me Cody Kook" - Cody Kook 2k20
Dhar Mann seems like such a cool guy also him explaining why they use such simple dialogue Made so much sense
I honestly love this it made me a little emotional lol
DHAR MANNNNNN
The intro was like the intro to goodfellas...
and that's on character development
Is no one gonna talk about these little animations?! (4:07 and 7:00) they’re so well done!!👌😌
I am loving this hahahaha
Cody's only line is so frictonless
Congrats on the Dhar Mann vid, but I have say it seems you had a lot of help from your better half "Kelsey", with your script ( you should thank her millions and of times, if you haven't 😉 she really is a pro with you on this). And I am glad you had good time and excellent experience with that. I hope you do more. 👍✌️
ok but those animations are so cute🥺
The content we didn’t ask for, but the content we needed
I love everything about this. I’m learning lessons on lessons on lessons! What a nice, positive gem of a video.
now Dhar Mann has to make a video where you are the main antagonist and the story is about how in the beginning you made fun of him, and in the end due to poor life choices you ended up broke and working for him
I just noticed that Cody naming the antagonist "Jake" is actually genius LMAFO
This is so cool honestly.
ahhhh i was actually cackling when cody said his line
Wtf kinda collab is this
I love Cody’s collabs with the people he rips on. He’s a cool dude.
Cody is the only guy on YouTube that can make fun of a dude's video and proceed to make a wholesome video with him
This is everything I could have ever hoped for in a video
Simping hard for Cody rn 👀
This litterally couldve been a movie
that cartoon edit was sick
Next thing you know he's writing a lele pons skit.....
okay but the gifts for cody reaching 5mil, WHOLESOME like aight dhar man kinda cute tho
This is actually a great video Cody. I ve been seeing you since vine times. What a great creator you are my man. Great job.
Moral of the story: When a server says behind, THEY ARE WALKING BEHIND YOU ITS YOUR FAULT IF YOU RUN INTO THEM
Next step girl defined
that was so beautiful
Next weeks video: Cody goes to Love Island
And people said avengers was the most ambitious crossover ever
This is quality
Wish Cody would make a whole channel that does commentary with this animation cause its incredibly cool and i like it a lot
omg
Now Cody has to make a That’s Cringe on himself
where’s the that’s cringe 😐
The 32 dislikes are from all the eggs that were dropped when making this production
I feel like Dhar Mann’s voice is perfect for Simi Valley, please put him on the show.
responsible social distance kings. we love to see it
literally can’t say dhar mann’s name without going "AAAAAAAAH"
cody where is your oscar for best actor??
This is surprisingly wholesome
Congrats man
jesus i just got to the sketch and this shit is intense lmao
Walked in on my mom watching Dhar Mann the other day, I didn’t know whether to laugh or take away her phone privelages
Are the Dobre brothers next?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 cody bumping into the "chef" hahahahha becoming a chef 😂😂😂😂😂😂 im deadddd
Wow how amazing ❤️
Avengers endgame has the best crossover in history.  Cody ko: hold my script
i just dont know what to say...😨
That was eggsellent
Kelsey kisses his forehead🥺🥺🥺
7:45 — 7:59  How to break a man into nothingness
iconic
The video was good, but the merch was fire
kelsey saying "you killed it!" has the same vibe as a mom telling her kid that they were great as townsperson B in the school play
That merch hella cute tho
Plot twist: Dhar Mann actually inspired Cody through his videos
dhar mann more like darn man
love this style of video so much. some of your best work and I love it when you (and noel) are more than comedians
I'm upset Noel wasn't here :'(
Cody has the weirdest way of collaborating with most of the people he makes fun of. Not a lot of creators are able, or even want, to do that.
Looks like somebody isn't Mr. Struggle this time...
i love this style of editing btw
I fucking love this. Always trying new things!
Dhar Mann is actually pretty cool
holy shit the mop is alive and well
dude deadass thought this was an elle mills video
This is one of my favorite videos of yours now
Cody “I’m so sorry man” Ko
Kelsey's the MVP here, we all know it
DHAR MANNNNNN
My life has changed after this video! Thanks Cody and DHARRR MANNN
the editing on this vid is amazing
The animation of the dude shitting on the other guys face made me spit my water out..
This whole endevour was one long merch plug.
This is hilarious 😂
Love the editing on this
aw its so wholesome
kevin was soooo well casted...
That’s how commentary youtubers should be
Dude is the “sauce” water
This was the realist thing I've watched this week
Fr though, dhar mann seems like a pretty cool guy
Bros content is straight FIRE call him Dharmannder
the "faster i cook this egg" joke was something capt. holt said on b99 too lmaoo
this vid makes me happy :)
Bruhh dream Collab
Cody please react to filthy frank
9:23, when you want to know what’s for dinner but your parents are arguing.
Better than DC and Marvel
Finally!!
That was actually so sweet of him to celebrate your achievement ❤️
This is so meta
Now this is epic
11:34 the sound of the egg hitting the floor? comedy gold. almost peed myself laughing
bruh one girl I used to go to school with shared the video on her Instagram story(for the dhar mann content, not because cody was in it) and I did a double take seeing cody in the thumbnail and I legit thought they got some cody doppelganger😳
DHAR MANNN
Su Chef
You good
👏
Kelsey lounging around in the background dropping fat truths on Cody was amazing tho
A chef named Gordon who doesn't cuss or gets mad makes me feel very uncomfortable
Dude what the heck this is solid editing, fucking hilarious I love it
even dhar mann is roasting cody for the trash in his filming room lmao
Does Kelsey have like a sister 18+ I could get at ?
Best b day gift lol
11:42 omg I’m dying 🤣🤣
cool bro
6:03 Bruh all jokes aside Dhar Mann actually knows his shit. Those are some solid tips for making simple, globally palatable content.
Cody had some Tommy wiseau vibes in that first scene 😂
one of best videos lately. animation is on point too. Love this hahah
The delivery of that line was actually frictionless
Cody starting to look like Hercules
Kelsey is looking like a proud mother.
such a good video!!!!! AMAZING format you should def do more vid essay type stuff.  also great animation
Colab of the year
nice mann
cody, I think we can all agree that you should do inspirational content forever.
Cody went from Bars!!! To Inspire!!!
I seriously can’t believe Cody actually got DHAR Mann to show up on here 😭
Video by Dhar Man? Was Cody even in credits?
What's with those funny animations dude😂😂😂😂😂
Cody's role looks like that duche who stole your girlfriend
Kelsey's life lesson 😂😂😂
Cody making the antagonist named “Jake” is so passive aggressive
I’m ten minutes in to this and I just need to pause and write that this video fucking slaps, Cody
I was hoping his video would be about him proposing to Kelsey
Cody’s simping For DHAR MAN
I was getting some Idubbbz  documentary vibes, love this type of self reflecting content.
"I'm so sorry, man."😔😔
I loveee itttt 😢😭😭😭😭😍
missing noel right about now 🥺
The person who makes the animations needs a raise man IM DEAD 😂😂
Cookie choad
8:42 he can barely reach the floor💀
What Dhar Mann what an absolute gentleman
I know it!! My conspiracies were real!!!
DHAR MANNNNNNNNN
900...          Hi I have wasted your time...                               Wow your still here....cool                                                  Congrats you earned a gold star💥...this isn't a star                            🔔🕭🔔 ding ding ding bell of subscribe to jack septic eye
Now we need a Thats Cringe with Noel and Dahr Mann roasting Cody’s sketch
Kelsey enjoying the fact that Cody looked so sad is the relationship I thrive for.
Cody spelling sous chef as su chef is possibly the most American thing I’ve seen in a while
Love this new style of video
Loving this vlog-type vid
3:26 me trying to do homework
I find your lack of "DHAR MANNNN!" from noel disappointing
0:40  Your probably wondering how I got my self in this situation. Well, it all started in the summer of 83
why is the editing in this video so good.
Its funny how we ask people if there “good man?” And don’t actually care we just feel like we need to hear “im good how are you” before we start a conversation.
Lol
After I finished watching this, I took a deep breath in and slowly, very slowly, cooked up some nice eggs. Patience is a virtue I learned my lesson.
The first thing he did was go in for a hand shake 😂😂😂😂
A
jake sounds like a mr. struggle to me
Those animations are awesome and terrifying at the same time
i mean you gotta respect cody for not backing out from all of the people he roasts
Aw nam, Dhar Mann!
Okay very cool for dhar mann to think about non english speaking people and deaf people tho that makes sense
whats' up bro what's up haha what's up haha how are you haha what's up bro
I’m so so excited! These videos always make my day. Thank you.
congrats on the new line cook job cody, don’t drop any eggs
This was amazing
Bro I love how cool he was about it this is sick. Don’t get me wrong, when people take it bad and there’s a little drama that’s always fun, but them embracing it and becoming a living meme is the best
yucky man
3:36 *kelseys preschool teacher mode activated*
I thought fall guys was the big video he was hyping up
i signed up for his daily motivational texts and i’m already a better person
Now this is the most ambitious crossover.
I'm in Topanga like I'm Cory M. (vroom) Drunk, switching lanes like  11:41
I didn't know I was missing this in my life.
kody your networking is a sight to behold. this has got to be the third millionaire youve created ties with on video, god know how many millionaire kody has jingling around in his pocket right now. im calling it, by the time kody is 50 he will be a sick rich fuck.....but prolly still funny
Cody finally reached the stage of a retired suburban grandpa who tries to blend in with the cool kids by wearing their cap backwards.
Holy shit did Cody get a better editing budget cause this video is cleannnnn
Su Chef? you mean Sous chef or something?
*DHAR MANN*
I loved how proud Kelsey was of a Cody 🥺
I’m crying from laughter
Amazing
DHARRRRRR MAN!!!!!!!!
tHe aCtINg
Cody is starting to look more like that one cool cousin that you only see like 3 times every year
my name is su chef
This is actually a really good video, nice work Cody
What’s up, Man?
I like how everyone Cody rips on ends up being genuinely nice in person.
Say what you will about him, but Dhar Mann can create some HATEABLE ass characters
*next collab: Girl Defined*
DHAR MANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
9:09 "take 26" LMAOOOOO
Shout out to Kelsey for roasting my man during the process lmao
The fact that you did comedic commentary on Dhar Mann, Mike McGrath and GT Dave's respective videos and all three of them turned out to be really cool people. This is so dope man!
dharmander
Who knew Zepheniah Mann actually had four sons: Redmond Mann Blutarch Mann Gray Mann And last but not least    *D H A R M A N N*
*in noels screaming voice* DHAAAAR MAAANNNN
His Fiance wearing a McDonald's shirt is the most America thing ever.
Kelsey roasting the hell out of Cody’s whole channel made my day
DHAR MAN AHHHHHH
Why wasn't Noel there?? 😭😭
DHAR MANN
I'm so proud Cody lollll
cody joins the DMCU
Evolution of cody ko🤘
Ummmm the 5 mil gift 🥺🥺 wholesome
Bro, Cody. Su chef? LOL. COME ON you're messin with us now.
Such a cool talented old man your are, cody. 👍🏻
Wow Cody
damn them 8 people who disliked must feel dumb rn
Holy shit.  This is amazing.  I god damn love when Kelsey  comes on camera with him. Her laugh is so infectious and i.love how their humor aligns so well!
4:27 I love how genuinely pleased Kelsey looks here. Just two best friends having a good time.
Dhar man....REALLY ENUNCIATES HIS WORDS IN HIS VIDEOS and now I understand why
The animation is dope
Cody's going to start collabing with the people he made fun of slowly,  *next collab: How To Make Fun of People in a Christian God Loving Way*
It’s cool to see people can take jokes
I like how everyone Cody rips on ends up being genuinely nice in person.
not a bud light commercial after the 5M gifts 🤦🏾
Critikal was looking and a ton of darr man videos last night in stream
Never came faster! To a video I mean.
3:25 *anyone who’s ever tried to write anything* : yeah, I’ve been there
As much fun as it is to laugh at people...I couldn’t stop smiling during this is was rly cute
“40 year old collabs with the DAHRMAN”
Fucking love dahr man
videos like this and the kombucha lair are the best of the best
This is all an elaborate ploy by Kelsi to teach Cody patience
The fact that Cody keeps making friends with people he clowns on is actually super wholesome. 😊
Different style of editing and honestly really liked it
this video itself could be a dhar mann video
Gotta be honest, I missed Noel of this one
The long awaited sequal of this saga of Cody Ko.
I saw lil peep in your recommended 👀
hi Cody, i like your girlfriend, in fact if we stabilize the human genome duplicate plan, we should all be so privileged to have a girl like that, funny, smart pretty, consider yourself a very lucky man
DHAR MAAAN
This is the GT Dave experience 2.0 and I am just as confused as I was the first time around
This is your best video ever.
I like how everyone Cody rips on ends up being genuinely nice in person.
DHAR MAN
such a simple, yet frictionless life lesson we can all learn from this. thanks Cody!
i love how far cody has come im sooooo proud <3
Animated Cody > real life Cody
0:41 he pulled an early 2000’s freeze frame rewind
Virgin Cody (old man) Ko VS Chad DHAR MAN
the cartoon part really caught me off guard
that brain dead promo during the cartoon sketch hahah
i wish i only had like 10% of the charisma cody has. interacting with humans would be so much easier.
How about Dhar Mann’s vlog channel
We demand a “ the chillest video on youtube” part 2
2020 has brought unexpected things, but none like this
im supposed to be in class rn.....
bruh video quality is too much
I like how everyone Cody rips on ends up being genuinely nice in person.
Boys, I need your help. I’m in a competitopn with the boys so give me a follow or watch a video
This is very wholesome Cody. Good job!
When you see where the expensive cookie roller came from👀
Oh my god
Cody: *bumps into guy* Guy: *yells* Cody: I'm so sorry man..
“I’m so sorry man.” -A very depressed looking Cody Ko.
“Mr. Struggle struggling with writing a script“
kelsey really just tore him apart about his patience
Love it, fuckin love it
I’ll be back later when the comments are juicier
my parents just shared one of his videos to a whatsapp gc, please help me
Damn Cody, Kelsey called your ass OUT! 😂😂
“I didn’t want to make myself the MAIN character alright?” Lin-Manuel Miranda is punching the air rn
Damn Kelsey's words were so touching to me 👁️👄👁️
40k in a week 👏🏻
love how this guy can actually take a joke and they can come together to make sum good content
I'm so early to my favourite series on this channel! I am now a dhar mann stan. we love to see it
aw he gave you a 5 mil gift , that makes me heart happy 🥺
i think dhar mann should intro or end his videos with the DHAR MANN scream from the first that's drive video
SU CHEF
Kelly looks so proud
😂😂I m bereft of words
wait this is actually really cool
i love how they both say "hey what's up dude" to each other without actually saying what's up... very solid interaction between 2 humans
I’m sO SorRy mAn
wow look at cody man, so inspirational
FACT: No one has watched this video from start to finish yet
no more cody ko, it’s now cody charisma since he gets all the ppl he makes fun of to chill w him
Patience is a virtue isn’t that what that sensie from ninjago says all the time
DhAr mAAn
YOU DID NOT
"hey what's up dude" "HEY dude what's up" "how's it up dude" "it's in the air dude" "what you up to dude" "just uping in the air dude" "that's what's up dude"
You can see the pain in his eyes when Kelsey just fucking detonates him at 7:55
*dHaaaaR mAAAnnn*
DHAAAAAAR MAAAAAN
Should’ve said “Authors: Kelsey Kreppel and Cody Ko” tbh Love Queen Kelsey✨👑 her brain is huge!
And noel wasn’t in this.....because..?????
Two chads just vibin on ft
I love how accomplished Kelsey looked when Cody said he liked the sketch
This one is truly a masterpiece
I do like Dhar Mann breaking down the reasoning and structure of his videos, that was actually super cool to learn and also really shows how well he knows what he's doing. Good stuff Cody and Dharr
I realized that the reason why Kelsey helped Cody with writing the lessons is because she's actually a teacher. I find that wholesome.
We can make fun of Dhar Man how much you want but he makes legit money while we lay in bed doing nothing at all
Hey nice to see you man *casually caresses his elbow*
why do u look like Big Boy
I know just want to c a resolution for all of “That’s Cringe” now
What a goat
When the world was down who did we need the most Kody and DHAR MAN!
plot twist
I like how everyone Cody rips on ends up being genuinely nice in person.
When worlds collide
When Noel isn’t there to yell DHAR MANN AAAAAHHHHHHHH
*12 minutes yeet
Broooo wtf
I love when they have a good sense of humour about it and don’t get offended by commentary
Alternate title: Cody learns to be patient (maybe, hopefully)
That second skit was shit and to real
He’s not just telling stories he’s changing lives
So sweet or Kelsy helping her grandfather with ideas💕
Omg I was just watching Dhar Mann returns
Cody: ayy what’s up Dhar: ayy what’s up  Cody: wassup man Dhar: wassup
Did.. you and noel fight? Haven't seen him in your vids in forever.
OK, but "su chef" tho?
i wanted DARR MANN to be screamed at the top of noels lungs
DHAR MAN is so nice for the suprise
Cody: spews shit all over Dhars work Dhar: Oh haha you moving? ... Cody: weee insulting my studio right off the bat :(
one of the most ambitious crossovers of all time
The editing on this kinda slaps tho ngl
Inspirational shit
awe kelsey is so supportive
Cody it seems like you aren't such an asshole. <3
this just in cody ko is a lil peep stan
unrelated buttttt the freckles >>> may be a sign of aging tho
I can't believe it wtf😭🤣
The editing on this video was 💋👌
the editing in this video is immaculate
The fact that Cody can roast people and do it in a way that starts a friendship is honestly impressive.
this long hair is hitting different
The way Cody got read within the first 3 seconds of the video call-
Dhar Mann is cool as fuck for this
And his name is DHAR MANN. AHHHHHHHH
If suki was noel's magnum opus does that mean this is cody's?
Real ones remember “DHAR MAN AHHHHHH”
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that cody wrote "su chef" instead of "sous chef" lmao
DHAR MAN AAAAAAHHHHH
this is so good cody nice work. this was worth the wait
okay i love this friendship
When's the next That's Cringe?
whAAAAAT
i love how much effort cody puts into his videos
ABOUT DAMN TIME.
Last time i was this early corona was a beer
he just keeps teaming up with his bullying victims, talk about redemption
CODY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where is N O E L?!?
I can’t believe you’re talking to the one and only DHAR MANN
Why are most of the villians in his sketches the women? 🤣
Dude this is so weird but I fucking love it! Good job cody! I loved it!! 😂
Cody never fails to surprise me even during quarantine
I’m feelin the flow bro no homo
This is what we needed during Covid
“Avengers endgame is the most ambitious crossover of all time.”  Cody: watch my keyboard and mouse for me, I’m taking a call.
We need more of these animations in your content
I got so confused when I saw cody on dhar manns Instagram 😂
why isn't anyone in the background insulting cody? 3/10
wait is Cody's studio flipped for us
Dude love the framing device this is high quality bro
Damn he's actually smart about producing his videos, not something I'd imagine
Where is noel
not the collab we thought we wanted but the collab we deserved.
wow hes actually super chill lmao
oh my god
*DHARR MANN*
me two seconds into the video:  no fucking way
Lets be honest  Dhar man seems such a cool and chilly guy ❤️
the teacher in kelsey came out when cody asked for a lesson
New editor???
The collab we didn’t know we needed
I saw the sketch on til tok
Cody, if you keep growing your hair out, you will have to stop making fun of others...
so Dhar is actually a genius damn
DHAR MAN AAAAAAAAAA
Look at Cody man, so inspirational
DHARR MANNN
Your video saved me from suicide
DHAR MANN
as soon as he screamed DHAR MANN i knew it was gonna be a good video
were still sad noel wasn't here.
Unreal
lmao bruh what
Wtf is this
anyone else see about u?
When even Dhar Mann thinks Cody is moving 💀😂
This is such a beautifully made video Cody I’m proud of the effort you put into it
PETITION FOR NEW THATS CRINGE EPISODE
he starting to look older :(
His mom made him make this video after saying he was being too mean and had to apologize
poop
grandpa is back on the internet again...
you really dropped the egg on this one
Quarantine has changed Cody... the man definitely burns.      hard.
cody’s saving 2020
YOU NEED TO MEET THE ACTORS
NO WAY DHAR MAN
What up man What’s up man What’s up man How are you   This is all of my conversations
Saw you on the Moistcr1tikal stream yesterday
Never have I thought that I would live to see the day that Cody collaborating with *Dhaaar Maaan*  A collab we didn't know we needed
I love your vids
hello daddy
dhar man: puts out elbowto be safe  cody: fist bumps his elbow
Yeah so I was hangin out w my gf when I was watching this and she just started vibrating and saying dhar man over and over anyone know whats wrong w her
In reality, making this video, Cody went through the real Dhar Mann Experience.
as Dhar Mann’s new sidekick u should start going by “Chode Boy”
Now we need Cody and Noell to collab with the Girl defined girls
“Don’t lie who’s been a FAN of _Cody Ko_ before August?😻”  (ɪᴍ ɢɪғᴛɪɴɢ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ᴡʜᴏ sᴜʙs ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ ᴡ/ ɴᴏᴛɪs)💞
I know you spent a lot of time on this and I haven't even watched the video yet but I didn't like it, sorry bro :/
Cody’s distraught face is so sad and depressing just look at the baby Cody
DHAR MANN!
Grandpa teaches us his wisdom!!
I feel like you might be milking dhar Mann's greatness
3:13 me returning to school after months of massive brain cell loss
Nobody’s gonna talk about how silky Cody’s hair looks?
Hearing Dhar Maan speak in a normal voice on the phone and not the inspirational shit feels like my world has been flipped to another dimension
“Don’t lie who’s been a fan of *Cody Ko* before 2020?🥇”   (ɪ'ᴍ ɢɪғᴛɪɴɢ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ᴡʜᴏ sᴜʙs ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ)😇
Best collaboration since Watch The Throne 🤣🤣
WHERE’S NOEL???????? IM UPSET!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The collab we never knew we needed so much.
me seeing that cody listens to lil peep 👁👄👁
ay wtf where’s Noel?
OMGGGGGG Kelseey😂🔥
This is why I love Cody bc he actually is balanced and down to earth. Like when he met the kombucha guy lmao. He can make fun of shit but he’s still respectful.
the art for the rich kid thing where he shits on the pooor kid had me weak.
i feel like Cody would smell like soil :)
“Don’t lie who’s been a fan of Cody Ko before 2020?😚”   (ɪᴍ ɢɪғᴛɪɴɢ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ᴡʜᴏ sᴜʙs ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ ᴡ/ ɴᴏᴛɪs)😻
where is noel
no
Wait does Cody make quality content now?
unexpected collab
“Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover ev-“
632 comment I think
Im a chode
I think we all love dahr man
lmao his shirt says “kith”
the animated cody breaking in on his own sketch is my favorite lmao
Truly a king.
*mah man DHAR MANN IS BACK*
I’m late-
freckles
3,566th!
H
At this point anyone Cody rips on, we just need to expect a collab with them later that year, and I'm here for it.
Nice
*i dare you to grow a beard.*
Dude i was just listening to the old dhar mann videos. Thats wild
People love that I hate myself I climbed out of my head And watched myself implode A thought without a body Ought to be a shot to take a load Off my brain is poisoned And I'm searching for the antidote But every time I find it My defenses scream, "Oh, no you don't!" Woah But it's fine No, really I'm fine
Before 700 comments here 😂
Cody is becoming self aware
Cody likes lil peep aye yuh. you can see about you on his home page
the more cody grows his hair the more homeless he looks
Pee
fux with the editing
Last time i was this early Cody was making fun of the Dhar Mann...... now he’s friends with him. 2020 really is an unexpected year
"SU chef"
DDHHAAAAAARRR MAAAANNNNNNN   Cody: laughs awkwardly
Welp wasn’t expecting this lol
hi cody
I literally just shit a river
unequivocally wholesome, love this content
Lol I was on Facebook a few days ago and I saw Cody in his video and I was confused asf.
The only loser here is Dobre Brothers
Dhar Ko😳
Dhar Mann is gonna make a video on Cody “guy cringes at 2 inspirational videos. what he does next, will shock you!”
cody with the crispy editing
Nice man
just commenting because it helps
If you can't laugh at yourself. . .you shouldn't be laughing at anybody else
I’m just over 5 minutes in and this is already a goddamn roller coaster
i clicked faster than cody’s hairline recedes
whos here before 50 million??
DHAR MANN!!!
love u cody
Wait hold up I thought this was a scetch?!?! He's really talking to him?
oh no cody ko a change man....
I was just watching the first Dhar Man video
Cody’s hair is longer than than any relationship i have had.
IM ACTUALLY SCREAMING IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Iv never been this early
What a collab with a flashback like lemonade mouth
Plot twist:this video Is the way to teach us.
cody needs to make a video with every millionaire he makes fun of
I’m in school and my mic was unmuted and my teacher went CODY KO    yeah she’s my favorite teacher now
Claim your ‘’here before a million views’’ ticket here
We love Cody.
Ik it's late but congrats on 5mil great channel great video what a man
Wow I’m early af!!!!
DHARRRRR MANNNNN
I’m watching this instead of paying attention in class 👁👄👁
No way you actually did this bro
I FUCKING KNEW HE WOULD TALK TO DHAR MANN
i got so happy when i got the notification from cody ko with the video title dhar mann😎😎
Omggggg DHAR MANN
Imma write this so I can come back and remember “I was here within 6 minutes on accident” lol
Absolutely no one  Noel: *”DHARRRR MANNNNN... AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH”*
Omfg  This is gold
The fact that I’m this early I- I should actually go back to doing school
The change up in video format is fire btw🔥
he finally caught the Dharmander.
It looks as though Cody is no longer a ball of hatred, he has turned from his cyber-bullying ways.
still waiting for a Girl Defined collab
oh my goodness he's back DHAR MANNNNNNN
wtf this isnt “thats cringe: auburn students”
old cody: makes fun of dhar mann  present cody: becomes dhar mann
Noel: DHARMANN AHHHHHHHHHH
Bro I just got here and I’m late already 😐
I don't know why but hearing Dhar Mann's voice on the other side kicked in my fight or flight responses.
I am depression thank you.
Ayy
Claim your "here before a million views ticket" right here
liked it during the ad lol
Dhar Mann
LETS GOOOO
DHAR MANNNN
cody looks like a frat boy who just had a religious experience for the first time
very cool thank you
I'm so early whaaaaat
I'm addicted to watching Dhar mann after Cody's video. I watch for the reveal at the end
No one: Cody, desperately: I've never written anything serious in my life!
Eminem been real quiet since this colab
nice guy dhar mann
I have never been so early to anything not even my own school back in the day.
I was watching those on TikTok when I got ur notification!
best notification to wake up to
Hii
My respect for Dhar mann during this video went 📈📈📈
WHY ISN’T NOEL ON THIS?? DHAR MANN AAAAGHHH!!!
what was that? it was dhar man. AHHHHHHH
how was this posted 6 min ago
Bruh
Does anyone else fall down the dhar man loophole on IGTV
your fucking hair man it’s sickkkk
" “Who else clicked on the vid and went straight to comments?😂” "  I'm a bot. please report me. I hate this life. free me from the internet
You look like a *Chad*
Haha funny
“Su” chef lol
mr struggle i am here
First GT Dave and now Dhar Mann?!?!?
Dhar Mann has answered to my prayers
yo i’m so ready this is so great
Nice
Why are your videos the only YouTube videos that make me laugh I’m dead
yooooo a vid
I was waiting for Dhar Mann to return
Yo ahahahaha
Cody looks.... like a skater dude named cody
Im early for once but its just cause im at school :'(
Cody’s charisma level is 100, he keeps getting the people he roasts to chill with him.
aye dog, tha hair looks good
*Funny comment about how I was early*
Wow I’ve never been this early to the show
Yooooooooooooo I am early
Oh wait this is his real name...
Cody’s hair is getting longer than his attention span
Ahhh yes love the smell of Cody in the morning
He's cuter than you.
legend
nice man
Omg DHAAAAAAAR MAAAAAAAN Damn Kelsey slapped some knowledge on your ass
Can’t stop saying “Dhar Mann” the same way Noel does
If cody doesn't yell DHAAAAAR MAAAAAAAANNNNNN imma be mad
TMG AND CODY’S VIDEO AT THE SAME TIMEEE
cody says "bro" "dude" or "man" every other word when talking to someone new
Dhar Man OOOOOOOOO
I’m at the doctors right now but I’ll watch this later
I’m early to this video and need to write something funny to get top comment. Here’s what I came up with: First
this should've been a that's cringe 😭 but it's all g Cody we'll forgive you eventually
DHAR MANN !
I cant believe the Dhar Mann saga has become a trilogy, wild
Cody has awoken this third eye and is finally at peace
wait thats actually dhar mann on the phone
Wow, I just watched one of Dhar Mann’s video haha!
Who else saw this on moist critical’s stream
Mr Struggle can’t handle the fearless entrepreneur
I respect that an older man is wearing a hat backwards to associate with the youth
earlyy
Ugh this guy posted HERE WE GO AGAIN THIS GUY
cody looks like the school druggie with that snapback
DHAR MAN AHHHHHHH
Dharr man is the best man
brb lemme finish school and come back to this
Cody no more like kody co
I love this crossover episode 🤩
Early I think? Idk
The collab we didn't know we needed.
Hello
PLEASE make another That’s Cringe with noel!
everyone like: first
Hello people
i got a text from dhar mann right before this
SSUUUUPPPPPP
Fuck. I’m late.
I’m early 😀👍🏾
i love this editing and you grandpa
WHATS UP DHAR MAN FAM
I miss kody ko’s reaction videos...
the crossover we ABSOLUTELY needed
was just about to take a nap, damn it.
Homeless Cody lookin ass is growing on me
it’s DHÄRMĀÑŃNNNNNNNNNNNNN
Sup
You let me down
Like if we need That’s Cringe to make its return
door man
Dad?
hello i’m early squad
Cody how much for a feature?
Cody is living the dream.
everyone gangster till dhar mann
Bruhhhh moment
bruh Dharr Mann looks at the camera like he blazed a dozen of doobies before shooting
heheheh early gang
No
Les goooo🔥🔥🔥
0:03 this is how I plan to answer every phone call going forward.
last time i came this early my girlfriend left me
top 10 crossovers of all time
DHAR MANN!
bro
When your early and it’s just people saying they are early
Dharrrr Mannnnn. Hell yeah
*DHAR MANN AHHHHHHH*
Hi
DDAR MAN
dhar's a nice mann
When you're too early to read funny comments
Dharrrr Mahnnnn😭🤣
DHARRR MANNNN
Hi Cody your the best
What up man it’s  D H A R   M A N
Dhar chode
DHARRR MAAANN
Great there’s a million comments, I wanted to be funny, but I guess that ship has sailed.
Man becomes friends with Dhar Mann and you won't believe what happens after!
I DIDNT KNOW HOW BADLYIVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
everyone in the comments is so shook at how early they are
Papa
Mannnnn, we got another Dhar Mann video? AWESOME I'm excited
God this guys old
DHHHAAAAR MAAAANNN
Cody looking like a retired skateboarder rn
Yoooooo
hellooo
Yes Dhar mannnn
DAHR MANN AHHHH
YEEESSSSSS!!!!! DHAR MANN RETURNS!!!
Hey cody 🤙
DAHR MANNNNNN       YEAHHHHHHHHHHH
Earliest I’ve ever been to a video💃
Thought I might be early lol Boy was i wrong
hi
Cody is actually the best ever lmao
ive never been this early
STFU ALL OF YOU, IM THE EARLIEST, I WATCHED CODY MAKE AND EDIT THIS THROUGH HIS WINDOW
Disappointed by the lack of Noel screaming “DHAR MANN!”
my YouTube notifications actually told me when he posted at the right time 🤩
omg peeeep 😭😭😭
Omg this is not happening
early
Dhar mann is back and better than ever
*D-D-D-D-D H A R M A N N*
awesomeee!!
Kevin be cooking some flavorful water there
NO WAY!
i love you cody
For some reason I expected Noel to be there
Why did you and your podcast upload the same time lol
I could just sense a new video - never been this early
watching this during my zoom class🤫🤫
the intro is hilarious
Why does the thumbnail look like cursed uno 💀
Ok isg
😳👉👈
Nice
✔✔✔✔
Wow
I’m proud of you
Ayyyyeeeeee
With the all the things going on in the world I hope you and your family Have a great life❤🙏
wasn’t expecting this, but i’m definitely not complaining
Earlyy
no wawyyyy im so earlyy
Thanks a lot Cody. Nice man
Yes dhar man
Dhar man lowkey a beast
Just what I’ve been waiting for
Hey guys I’m early 😼❗️
I was watching the dhar mann video as the video came up
wow lads i’m early for once
hello fellow friends
“2 minutes ago” damn I really do have no life during quarantine
LETS GOOO
I love how Cody ends up being friends with all the people he roasts Edit: and if they'd stop being Mr Struggles and get their wavelengths elevated on some new sh**, well you know the rest
DHAR MANN
I saw the tik tok before this video came out and i was like wtf is Cody doing in a Dhar man video
🍑💨🥀🥀🥀
He’s not just telling stories but now changing lives
omfg man
I’m very uncomfortable with the knowledge of Dhar Mann and Cody speaking
This is quite a fantastic idea to be 100% honest
DHAR MANN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hi 👋🏽
Ayy
imagine carrying a child for 9 months just for him to come out and name him Dhar Mann
Well hey there early one
Fantabulous
Cool mahn
yessss cody
Dhar Mann is that kid in school who always thinks people without pets are soulless.
Dhar man, *OOOOOOOOOOOH*
YES CODY
CODY UPLOADING ON MY BIRTHDAY 💅🏼✨ as he should ✨🧚‍♀️🥰
Why does it look like he has hair on his forehead
Didn't notify me & I've been waiting!
Cody starting to look like a character from The OC
Poop
cody really hit us with the “wanna see how i ended up here? i’ll need to take you back to where it all started...”
the dhark side of dhar man
Nice to see Cody still has a hard-on for this Mann.
wow
Lmfao
Fuck yeah, Dhar Man is back with his ultimate wisdom and life lessons
how does cody make fun of people and then become friends with them LMAO
Yessssss
Damn Dhar Mann pulls in crazy views! Dhaarrrr Maaaannnn
First time I ever get to a video this early lmao
Sheeeeesh
Perfect timing Thank you Cody 🙏🏼
I'm like.... relatively early???
damn im early
You stink
Early gang wussup😳
what’s up man it’s dhAAaAAaaar man
Darmander is my favorite eevee-lution
To the kind you that’s reading this. You are unique and likable, stay happy and healthy during this pandemic. Bless you. I am from China, my dream is to reach 10k. I been struggling to get there.
The quality of this video is top tier
Whattts uuup mannn
Damn I’m early
Nothing could’ve prepared me for that intro
DHAR MANN OOOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wtf, 1 minute ago     Nice
Hey where is the early gang
dhar Mann fam
“Who else clicked on the vid and went straight to comments?😂”  (OMG mr beast thanks for commenting on my new video❤️ it’s verified)
4 dislikes and the video has only been out for 1 min
you seE
legendary
bro. bro. bro?
This is exactly what we love to see!
HELLL YH LONG VIDEO
“Who else clicked on the vid and went straight to comments?😂”  (OMG Cody ko thanks for commenting on my new video❤️ it’s verified)
Cody ko is love
Whoa
omg hey im early
Just got a text from dhar Mann
First
DHAR MANN OOHHHHH
Cody I triple dog dare you to say hi back
1 minute gang
Ayyyy6
DHAR MANNNNNN!!!!
I’ve been waiting for this
DhAr MaAaAn, AAaAaAaAaAaaaahhhHHHH
neato
here before the
I-
Dhar man👳🏽‍♂️👳🏽‍♂️👳🏽‍♂️👳🏽‍♂️
i actually was first. i just didn’t have the cameras on
I will always think of that pokemon Darmanitan when I see him
“Who else clicked on the vid and went straight to comments?😂”  (OMG Cody ko thanks for commenting on my new video❤️ it’s verified)
*DHAR MANN!!!OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!*  ~Noel Miller
Am I the only one who eats Cheezits with Sriracha?
Gg man
Before the video started I said it myself DHARR MANNNN
WHY AM I SO EARLY
8 views and 47 Likes... Dhar Mann's really got you.
Dharr mannnnn
jeez i never been this early
we saw that peep video
I’ve never clicked on something so fast
So early I haven't even gotten a notification yet
Last time I was this early the internet wasn't frictionless yet
early gang
damn im fasttt
Sup chodes I'm early
omg where's noel lmao!
e
Love your Vids man! Keep it up!
I am literally in zoom ignoring my teacher
It’s the MAN
DHAR MANN????
i thought the video was very cool 😎
@alex_dreadful instagram if you’re straight or gay or a circle
DHAR MAN OOOOOOOOOHHHHHGH
guys chill Cody's eyesight is wearing from age, he cant read the comments very well
penis man
look guys Dhar man's back
Hell yeah i left zoom for this
post noti squad
Damn last time i was this early, cody was still 40.
He’s back and better then ever
Yes
The collaboration we never knew we wanted so much.
50 seconds ago 😳😳  damb
DHAR MANN
Yeeeeeeee
cody pls get someone to cut your hair thank u
If only Noel were here😔
Oh shit it's Dhar Mann.
I’m as early as a white family at the airport
nice man
Chief keef
no one:  Cody ko: *DHAR MANNNN*
Dhar MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
God im so ready for this
Chode
jeez ppl go fast on here
Rip Jeffery Epstein miss him so much
how am i this early
DHAR MAAAN ! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWW
yesssssssss
hehe
Come back to the UK Chodie
this is the most unexpected and exciting collab of all time
you are the best
cody wrote skeatch
Freaky Friday looks different here
wow im honored its at 9 views so far
whoah earlyy
Hi
Early tiny meat gang!
2nd
Wholesome squad whats up
"What's up Mann"
Poopy.
Damn, I'm waaaaay too early.
DHAR MANNNN
goodmorning frictionless
Miss Jeffery Epstein rip to him
Man i’ve been waiting for this:)
D H A R   M A N N. *AHHHHHHHHHH*
how did i see this only 10 seconds after it was posted im a god
hi cody
first comment dharsinious
Daddy
K
Guys I think it was Dhar Mann on the phone
HE POSTED 20 SECONDS AGO
Why am I so early?
Gotta love Dahr, man.
the more cody grows his hair the more homeless he looks
I’ve literally never been so early
I love these follow up videos so much. It just makes the first video even better
First
Hey Cody Ko fans! I'm trying to improve my singing... May I ask your opinion about my voice?
i've never been this early wow
When your so early its just bots lol.
Oh hey 👋🏻
Lol
dee dee mega doodoo
last time I was this early cody didn't have 5mil
Im way to early
DAAAAARRR MANNNNNN
24 SECONDS
Based and dhar pilled
DHAR MANN!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Im so early im suprised myself
been waiting for the dharr mann comeback
Yaay..I'm fast today
IM SO EARLY
I am so early right now
bruh
DHARR MANN
2nd
nice
DHARRRR MANNN
i hate dhar man
yuhhhhhhh
what up grandpa gang? no fr hows ur day hope its good kings
poopoo
this is epic
Yo 5 seconds ago? im early
early gang
I am
actually stole this from cr1tikal
Bruhhhh
penis
im kinda early cody love me plz
pee pee
First cody!
8 seconds ago, Jesus I'm early.
8 views 11 seconds sick
hello im early
First
sup man
first!!!!!!!!!
yo!!!!
Yes
first is the worst, third is the best, second is the one with the hairy chest
first
nice man
