deji for the win!
4:19
4:21 4:21 4:21 4:21 4:21 4:21
Deji defeated 😂😂😂😂😂😂
@11:57 who's watchin this rn after they alr filmed th3 video??
big up me for the title
i think deji gave fousey some mental damage, given the way hes acting these days
I've been watching Dej since 2014. We ogs are always proud of you
12:00 this didn’t age well
11:59 says he couldn't do it now he actually has a 20 Vs 1 😂
11:33 this was my exact reaction 🎉🎉🎉
Anyone know the song to the second edit
4:35 those steroids goin crazy
Deji hugging his mam and dad is emotional
I would beat the shit out of my vrother for a billion
When you dropd fousy I was jumping up and down keep going 😊
bruh dat look tho
Deji not trying to laugh at his opponents LOL
8:45  the death stare was better than Thomas Shelby’s
2-0
but also deji is doing really good mad props to him
he says he is underfeated but lost to jake paul lmfao
2:34 guys we all wanted dejito mature a little bit but he’s matured too much he doesn’t even say bad words anymore
tell me that first  vid didnt make you cry
He had the best technique compared to all youtube boxer. He’s insanee
I’m proud of him I really am but seeing his performance now how could he have ever lost in the beginning
that first vid made me cry
Life pushed him down.. they pushed em down… but he just kept getting up… WE ARE PROUD OF YOU DEJI
Deji vs Andrew Tate
7:08 song?
Claiming to be undefeated would mean you HAVE NOT lost a fight but in reality you have lost 3! Just reminding you brotha!
6.58
7:10 What's the name of that phonk song
Old deji looks tough
Cheeze
Those eyes look dead
i wanna try YT boxing
I'm sorry for clowning you Deji... I'm in a bit of a spill myself.. But seeing you persevere like you did, gives me hope. Thank you for working hard, and inspiring me.
4:21 killed me 😂😂😂. Ive missed his laugh so much
Bring the “87-3” meme
Watch the fight you need more leg movement and movement
I love how Deji has changed and matured so much in terms of boxing and his overall personality, but he keeps his iconic laugh. Big ups
I’m betting he’s gonna lose the mayweather match
Deji getting hella big
Not proud at all.. what the fuq was that?? Im 21 and i could easy to take both of them at the same time.. he didnt even fight back... what the fuq was that? You said that they were talking shit and you beat them just to show "everyone" how good you are? Dont get me wrong, im a fan but what the fuq was this?? How with headgeards and everything... what a waste of time... if you want a nobody, fight me... proof that another fan is talking shit about you...
Through all the ups and downs, you did it deji
7:06 liitttt
Great video but it would be better if Deji gave awards for the best posts on his subreddit. Just a suggestion
Undefeated undisputed all hail king deji
Ur not undefeated ok fousey lost bc he was training for his muscles instead of his fighting skills ok change the title and said I won my first fight
I mean we know you won’t win against floyd buuuut still imagine if you do🤯don’t even know how big this would be
4:07 I didn’t like it when the video started to humiliate our prying as muslims and put music in it
Mad how Deji’s mannerism changed to more road since taking his training more seriously 😂 obviously mans about naaaw
Who is deji? I only know this name cos of Floyd's upcoming fight
He’s definitely has his brothers forehead 🤣 😅
been waiting for his laugh. WEJIIIIIIII
Deji even though you won't see this I gotta say sorry for underestimating or rather overestimating fousey just because his physical appearance I feel like many others fall in the same category of overestimating fousey just because his physical appearance that's truly an L moment for us
Bro’s 1-3 he’s not undefeated, he has lost 3 times..
Someone should tell Deji the truth... Fousey can't box at all...
13:18💀
deji looking tasty
Hes a changed man now
didnt deji say he taken "I cant"  out his vocab >.> LMAO
Song at 11:01 plz its so good!
Love my guy 🙏
Youve proven yourself by being Mayweathers opponent. Big W in itself
The hairline is clapped mate
So what happened to the three losses
4:50  He  Just  AUSTIN MCGROOMED HIS OWN DAUGHTER
people calling deji 0-87 is more of a compliment than an insult, it means deji would never give up
Fucking GoaT
1-3
Make your pay per view 85 dollars so even less people will care!
"I am undefeated" after losing and throwing 4 fights in a row
finally i got a reason to sub to him
Undefeated???😂😂
can we get more slavery fifa
fire ur barber please deji im begging
I do give you credit for keeping at it you don’t quit and you give great advice to younger folk so best of luck dude stay hustling
4:21
I missed this
youre a legend mate
how is he undefeated? ain’t he lose like 4 times
Are you though
7:04
Okay deji we only felt good that you finally won but you only beat fousey dont let it get to your head so much
Deji I know this is off topic but I really want you to do PO opening packages again those videos were funny asf and I still watch those till this day
You only made a joke, you are not a dick head ,this only was comedyshortsgamer come threw a bit again 🤣🤣 but i like see you laugh again and make Jokes.
7:50 🤣
I love how the first reddit video that deji has done since a minute was just him being absolutely flabbergasted from all of the edits of him absolutely crushing it in the ring 💀  fr tho the man deserves it he was on that grind fr
Love Jesus
Ok
Aye live it up 👑king👑 you earned it mah boi
You’re doing so good deji
.
Can we please get more videos like, we want you back the old deji😢
Finally a content that’s enjoyable from Deji
You Now Unlocked Another One
People said I couldn't make the basketball team in school now I'm in the NBA🔥😈
See’s the title : I’m undefeated  POV me : mate your 1-3 shut up .
man chill you only won one time your still 1-3
it is going to be a real fight right
Watford is in london
mf won 1 fight! come on man
Sub to Deji
Your gonna defeat Floyd mayweather remember me
Love the vid of him seeing that girl go crazy for him.
8:38 Hella scary bruha
4:08 that was maddd disrespectful
your undefeated congrats on your first win after three losses slave
You are next Muhamed ali
Big respect deji
The goat has returned
First video that I feel like I see deji ive seen a lot of videos everywhere and deji was not himself and now my man’s here I’m  fucking following UK brothers all the way now this type of positivity is what the world needs right now very proud deji sorry for only coming on your side now but I’m In the UK brothers till the end let’s go dejiiiiiii❤❤❤❤
The first Reddit made em tears of joy🥲 I always believed In deji
That is the exact same thing I didn't no matter how much people said stuff about me I keep on pushing on and moving on and now I feel like the stronger teenager now than I was before
Hi Deji 👋
Congratulations deji big time, always routing for you
14:20 deji try to tell
Y does he have a file called *mum is gay*
I fucking love you deji when you said keep preserving people who doubt you really got me and really makes me focus on myself as a person
Yee its me again back , still not surprised u fought a punching bag tbh atleast alex n the other were punching back , a little improvement ngl bt still not surprised after so many let downs u need a real opponent for redemption
7:03 that face tho
Wow, you still make videos👀 Thought the channel was dead...
Chatted.
my guy just said he loves "weji" 🤣
proud of u
Why have u not changed ur name to weji yet??
The most happiest moment is when your family acknowledge your achievement! It is literally in us since at young age
Beautiful video
man thinks because he won one fight  and lost three thinks  he's undefeated
Corny edits Reddit
Omg he’s fighting floyd
W
I had forgotten how funny deji is
U shocked the world for real this time congrats
WEJIIIIII !!!!
Your a beast
Dunjahh must be so proud.
DEJI YOU JUST GOT A DUB DONT FIGHT MAYWEATHER AND RISK LOSING IT
I missed his laugh❤
Hm
All this youtube boxers want to do nothing with tyson furry !!
ALLAH SAID IN THE QURAN 39:53  O MY SLAVES WHO HAVE TRANSGRESSED AGAINST Themselevs DO NOT DESPAIR OF ALLAH S MERCY INDEED ALLAH FORGIVES ALL SINS INDEED IT IS ALLAH WHO IS THE FORGIVING THE MERCIFUL
The one video where Fousey is like.. Deji, I am your last chance. Your last f*cking chance and then Deji smiles and start going super saiyan. That video goes hard ah hell ngl.
WOMEDY WHORTS WAMER
ayo deji 4:29
1-3 doesn't seem like a undefeated record deji.
You lost to Jake your not undefeated
Glad ur back papi🙌
Ree
Well….. not undefeated
INDEED Your LORD IS ALLAH  WHO CREATED THE 7 HEAVENS AND THE EARTH IN 6 DAYS AND ESTABLISHED HIMSELF ABOVE THE THRONE QURAN 7:54
W
I want You win over floyd but You need to know THAT ALLAH HAS BESTOWED  UPON Us EVERYTHING We HAVE AND HAD ITS A TEST
THERE IS NO GOD BUT ALLAH ALLAH HAS  ALL THINGS ARE FROM ALLAH QURAN 94:5-6 SO VERILY WITH THE HARDSHIP THERE IS RELIEF VERILY WITH THE HARDSHIP THERE IS RELIEF THE QURAN IS THE WORDS OF ALLAH LORD OF THE WORLDS  ALL PRAISE BELONGS TO ALLAH  ALL GLORY BELONGS TO ALLAH  ALL ARROGANCE BELONGS TO ALLAH ALLAH IS FAR ABOVE   whatever they want to accociete WITH ALLAH   Deji  THE TRUTH IS Your SUCCESS IS FROM ALLAH  We need to be GRATEFUL FOR EVERYTHING ALLAH HAS BESTOWED  UPON Us We can't COUNT ALLAH S FAVOURS ALLAH IS ALL KNOWING ALL WISE ALL MIGHTY  FREE OF NEED PRAISEWORTHY MOST LOVING MOST GENEROUS MOST MERCIFUL  MOST JUST ALLAH HAS FORBIDDEN TO kill unjustly and oppression  If We Are GRATEFUL ALLAH  WILL GIVE Us MORE but if We deny ALLAH S PUNISHMENT IS SEVERE  QURAN 31:12  And WE HAD CERTAINLY GIVEN Luqman Wisdom and Said BE GRATEFUL TO ALLAH And whoever is grateful is grateful for the benefit of himself. And whoever denies HIS FAVOR THEN INDEED, ALLAH IS FREE OF NEED AND PRAISEWORTHY ALLAH IS SELF SUFFICIENT  We ARE All IN DESPERATE NEED OF ALLAH  Adam Abraham Noah Moses Jonah Jesus Muhammad IS ALLAH S PROPHETS  We ARE FROM Muhammad's Nation PEACE BE UPON Him
Hey
Ko mayweather
KEEP TRAINING! LVL9000 STAMINA AND YOURE UNSTOPPABLE
all deji has to do now is grow out his hair to go godmode
Nice vid
Good luck on your fight against Floyd Mayweather!
Deji the TANK 😊
PAUSE @ 7:05 🤣🤣🤣
Make me so happy to see Deji smile
Seeing Deji happy makes me happy 😂
“I’m undefeated if you don’t count my defeats”
Weji chain?
DEJI DONT FIGHT MAY U WILL LOSE PLEASE DONT JUST BREAK UR LEG OR SUM
Hi still has it dang I'm late 😬😬🙄
W
i just noticed how fucked up dejis hair is.
Cap
Deji please make try not to laugh videos i miss them so much
I hope Deji knocks out may
4:18 😂😂
Well deserved just don't let it go to your head stay hard stay humble.
Undefeated. ........
Undefeated. ........
Deji the iphone 14 came out the day after this was posted.
missed this happy deji is fucking much <3 all love to deji
WEJIIIIIIIIIII
What is that title? 😂 you have more losses then wins mate
But it’s a lot money tho 🤣🤣🤣
deji their already is an iphone 14
Let’s go Deji
Wedji
I was on deji side since the beginning I knew he was winning he was ready fs
Congrats
All i want is one more HEY GUYS, COMEDY SHORTS GAMER HERE
Sup Deji I see your online right now
Good shit but outrageous title
When I watched your first fight with Jake I rooted for you. Even when things got hard I knew you’d shake the world and win. And when you won, I won. It was like an underdog story. One I could relate to. Here’s to Deji and his first W. May you have more W’s in life. And may we all be as lucky to have those W’s as well. I am proud of you man
If you are fighting floyd…. WORK - I BELIEVE IN YOU
Been watching deji since I was 12 I’m 18 now. seeing his transformation throughout the years legit brings tears to my eyes…
So we're not gonna talk about the crazy edit on the last clip?
😂😂😂😂
yes deji, love the self confidence!
that hair line mad you
the true story of not giving up
Imagine this dude beats Mayweather
Ngl im proud but saying ur undefeated is kinda cap all love btw 😂😂😂😂😂
Holy fuck I'm not the only one that's getting old
HE'S FINALLY BACK
:-1:06 can som1 tell me wht song is that
You did England proud in that boxing match!!
This is why bros, you don't give up.
Looking healthy my guy good job. But fr that hair line needs a shape up 💀
I paused at 4:29 because i see a file named "MUM IS GAY"
what song is that 7:10
undefeated is crazy 😅
definitely not undefeated
Rematch jake
You’re a joke
so proud of you dej you keep being you!!
👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
12:06 they're going to leave when they find out that you are a pedo
2:47 you still attempted to kill him, fuck off.
You won but at what cost. I can tell by the bags under your eyes that your not ok. And all of this for what? To prove everyone wrong? Or was it pride. I’m not hating I’m happy you won but still idk if it was worth losing yourself over it. mental health first!
7:04 what was that💀
I’ve been a subscriber for the longest time and the amount of change that deji had is phenomenal. Ngl I cried when you won.
I swear deji man I missed you to fucking much this has made me laugh through the whole video 😂😂😂😂I love you man
Deji is genuinely happy which is so nice, hope he keeps it up! Excited for the next fight
Big congrats my man!😁💪
More of this , the real g
From fousey to fucking Floyd 💀
I’m literally crying man. Deji deserved it! He’s a true legend.
Lmao twat you beat someone who doesn’t put their hands up. Ur as shit as him.
You still lost to a teenager fam 🤦‍♂️
I don't know how much I'd like Weji... It might be spelt WEJI but in my mine, it's still "wedgie"...
Dejis forhead
Someday I would love to see a Jake Paul vs Deji 2
Congrats DEJI, well deserved win, and i wish the best to you my guy, you have improwed, in all ways, you’re mentality is incredible, and you are A TANK beast, you are on your’e best prime we have ever seen, keep up the great work and never give up❤️
Deji beat fousey tube not Mayweather so don’t be to excited
That last one was jokes 😂😂😂
I am sorry Deji but ur hairline is clapped
1-2 relax
It's so exciting to see Deji post again that I watched the video at least 5 times
U are defeated. U lost a match and lost the battle with ur hairline
Deji is our champion, the people’s champ!!!💯
You deserve it man congrats
American fan in the building go Deji 🎉
W
We all thought deji was going to be the Ibrahimovic of boxing Zlatan trying to win UCL Deji trying to win a fight😂
its soooooo gooood to have you back its been too long love you
13:32 What the fucking fuck is that shit?!!!
Wait he unlocked another laugh, while reacting😂😂😂😂😂😂
Don’t get too cocky, stay humble. That’s how a lot of people lost including you last time. Stay humble
God didnt help him beat deji in the end 😢😂
Do deji reacts
WEJI
Fight canelo next 😂
His trim💀
respectfully ur not undefeated
W deji bruh
fire
😂😂😂 watfordon
I am so happy this man is finally enjoying the fruits of his mental and physical labour. So proud of you man, you are an inspiration for all who watch you around the world. <3
Deji 🔙🔛🔝 🎉😉👍
Been way to long
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Weji
you deserved it. i supported you on the night and god damn i was not wrong <3 good job
That last video was mad funny
Did anyone notice 4:29 deji has a folder which says mum is gay 😂
The ending 😂😂😂
Dejis fans stock📈
deji on top
In the last 1 matches?
❤️❤️👊🏽👊🏽💪🏽💪🏽👏🏽👏🏽
3:55 missed that laugh
❤️❤️
6:20 Never seen someone say that and mean it so genuinely. Thank you for being so humble even where u are now. I can tell your advice really is from the heart and tbh that is what makes it motivating. its not what u say but whether u mean it or not.
almost a year and a half... FINALLY
upload more
make more vids
deji. you are showering yourself in nothing but undeserved confidence. you are literally 3-1. thats a 75% loss rate against YOUTUBERS. not boxers.
Deji 20 v 1 is a good shout though, I reckon he should do it
The utter focus on the last edit lmao
1:36 seeing his smile made my day :)
I kinda wanna see deji fight jake again i think deji would win in his current form
We are all super proud of you but we aren’t about to forget the other 3
He still talking about his win😮‍💨
The goat
I missed this
Undefeated xD
That hair line man 👨
One win and this man get so much pride yikes. Stay humble my guy
"I Am Undefeated".... lost 3/4 fights?
UNDEFEATED???? 😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Weji
Weji🔥🔥🔥
That gave me goosebumps
Nice Victory Deji. But Undefeated???? 🤣🤣
Would u get back with your girlfriend now😅😢 please 😅
Deji finally won man ❤ (all love to deji)
Says who is 1-3🤣🤣
honestly people's words mean nothing to me but my words can mean thousands of words to me
You should put “now” next undefeated in ur caption
all it took is 1 win and we got our boy back
8:27 it would be just sparring anyway
Deji your not undefeated you lost 3 won 1
DEJI YOU KING
Juss seeing u happy n enjoying yourself makes me happy as well man it’s been so long overdue that we see u like this again😅😅hopefully u keep the content coming we miss the old Deji defo need to do more old school style vids again✅✅
idk abt undefeated but u did whoop his ass
Deji won 1 fight and thinks he’s the greatest fighter of all time
Ayo why is mcbroom clip the most replayed?
Weji lesss goooo
Deji I am so proud of you, tears from my eyes.
7:43 LMAO DEJI LIKE : 🤨
The title 😂😂😂😂
1:25 AWW 🥺
common weji video
I've never boxxed at all but i think me vs fousey is still a 50/50
Finally
I’ve never smiled so hard to see someone I’ve watched since I was a kid come back from hardship and prove the world wrong. Congrats brotha🎉
You fighting Mayweather?
Leji
Undefeated? Mans lost to loads of people “he shocked the world”
8:54 That’s me?!?😂😂😂 Well deserved win DEJI I know u got more to show ❤
check yo amateur record g
Overall it was just crazy to see how much worse Fousey really was, what we originally expected...
hairline is doing a madness but,  good job deji
Deji will ko floyd
Deji I'm glad you won, but please remain humble. Showing off just isn't you're thing
this shit will make a grown man cry
oh my gosh, he’s actually uploading real contant let’s go
I’ll be extremely honest, after losing to Wassabi, I knew how bad you wanted to show your skill. I still believed in you. Leading to the Fousey fight, things looked scary, but I knew that training with Daley would pay off! The second you took advantage in the first round of the fight, I knew it was your win. Congratulations Deji ❤🙏
Undefeated nah buddy you 1-3
WHATS UP DEJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thought deji quitted doin youtube
its not really stepping in the ring, its more the pressure you get from the crowd
dude wins one boxing match and it’s against FOUSEY. and thinks he’s the best boxer ever 💀 a joke
Congrats deji you deserve the win but your hairline is movin mad bruv
Big up to deji for the fight comeback, takes real courage and mental willpower which definitely does not come to a lot of people. Funny tho how you always are in boxing gear and clothes, always ready anytime in case someone's dad gets too lively and you have to punch them up for the last pack of doughnuts in tesco.
THIS guy makes me laugh so much
Keep this going! Keep training and become a monster Deji!!! I want to see you KO your next opponent first round
Ok now don’t upload kfc videos please
Genuinely geared up within the first 1min
So inspirational man 😢
Proud deji > any deji
❤
Me and my friend were working the night shift at a fast food local, keeping track of your fight. I was telling my mate, we will not look at the results until the end of the shift. A shit ton of work happend we forgot and at the end I was like: "LETS CHECK THE RESULTS", me seeing deji win. I JUMP SCREAM RUN  ONTO THE STREETS AND JUST START CELEBRATING, dude its like we all won that night. Good job on the fight and I hope you win every single one after that one.   Team Weji, much love <3
Deji really not be dissing him bc he fixed the match
Last clip caught me off guard 😂
Deji, we have always rooted 4 u
Just shows you how much of a douch this guy is finally wins a fight now comes back to the internet your a waste man deji horrible person dunno how people still support you
'even if its a billion,... thats a lot of money tho....
the more deji wins in life the more his hair goes away
Ayo deji also has a big forehead 😭😭💀
1:15 all the fake people now supporting him dats pathetic 🤷‍♂️
4:33 Dejis mind: STEROIIIDS
You're still a bum
Deji been usin Uk slaaangs lateley, u hear
Don’t forget to stay humble tho
“I like that by the way, ‘Wedgie’.”
That reaction to the last clip my guy Deji was in mad shock😭🤣🤣 didnt evem know what was going on😂😂
What the hell was that last edit 🤣🤣🤣🤣
8:39🥶
....
4:21
Does the King reply??
To run through hate and leave with a smile….mad respects to Deji for real!!
Good to hear this kid talking with confidence
I want comedy shorts gamer intro but
change reddit name to Weji
WEJI
You need to put your tiktok in your description aswell
Well done but ur not undefeated
Condor Reacts.
I kinda wanna see Deji win against floyd that would really shock the world 🔥🤌🏻🤌🏻
It kind of makes me sad because all these people on YouTube or on famous platforms say how they were bullied and people telling them that they wouldn’t make it or shit like that and then they made it, but then they tell someone else that they don’t think that they’ll make it when they’ve already gotten there it makes no sense to me
been a while since i've been on your channel in 2017 you were a bit of an L  now i am back to see what you got
Deji will you ever play Tekken again?
i cant stop smiling all through out the video so proud of you dej
Welcome back deji! It’s was so nice to hear you laugh again. Anytime I hear it I can’t resist laughing myself. So glad to see you back.
whats the song at 1:59 ? please
Getting this W brought back his Happiness
the goat is back
Oh people repent for Jesus is coming soon... God created us but due to Adam and eves disobedience sin came into the world. Which made humanity separated from God, we are unable to have a Relationship with him because he only is perfect, righteous God ....and we deserve the penalty or punishment which is death. But God loved us so much that Jesus came into this world lived a perfect and sinless life died for our sins on the cross, he resurrected 3 days later by God the Father... Now we are free from the punishment of sin which is death. We have to repent of our sins and give our life to Jesus. Don't say 'later' because u never know when he comes. Repent before it's too late...
This right here is a moment to remember Team Alpha Dej
This feels so nostalgic, not much changed
W LMAO I NEVER SEEN DEJI FIGHT LIKE THAT, GOATED
You proud because you won to Fousey ? That’s so sad
They ain't believe in us.. GOD DID!🔥
I tried explaining to some guy on Twitter that you were undefeated and he didn’t want to listen
For a moment just a moment i think i saw Mohammed Ali in Deji's fight. People will definitely say thats an not to compare but it did hit me very hard.
6:00 7:00 whole David goggins mindset keep that strong mental
WEJIII!!!!
weji
WEJI
Undefeated my ass. You’re so arrogant man you beat Fousey tube the human punching bag 👏🏽
Turn that picture to a NFT
Your laugh making me happy fr fr🤣🤣
No one finna talk about the last one?
Does anyone know the song name at 7:05 pls.
Yessir dej!
U just won a fight after decades y would u fight mayweather
Dejis redemption arc has been amazing and a pleasure to watch. So many ups and downs and now only ups. Proud of you deji.
That Hairline is atrocious
HES BACK
W video 😂
“Undefeated”
I'm a London Weji
Ya won cause your whole attitude was "I'm not fuckin around" ya let you ask whopping of Fusey do the talking... Solid fight and ya came to fight Fusey came to go to the ⛱️
The first clip made me cry not gonna lie
Deji never shows any emotion
okay.... congratulations on the fight but you beat fousey who is garbage.
Deji be like: lost all fights, won one, „i am undefeated!" Me: bruh
WEJIIIIIII
No no you are not
1:09
finally found an opponent bad enough.
Alright Mike Tyson you won against the worst boxer  You still lost to alex pussabi
Who's chopping onions.... Massive congrats Dej
Deji is only 173cm tall 1:52
Weji 🙏
DEJI IM STILL SO PROUD OF YOU
Hey guys I’ve got some really great news to share with you, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on a cross and resurrected on the third day so you may all have eternal life. If you believe and repent of your sins and put your faith and trust in Him as you would a parachute jumping off a plane at 25000 feet up in the air, He will give you eternal life in heaven as a free gift and I promise you, He will change your life forever as He did mine. He is the ONLY way to heaven and He loves you all. Please think deeply about this with urgency because this is your eternal life and soul, you don’t know when you could die, meaning you could die at any moment, so please consider this with all your heart. If anyone tells you that Jesus isn’t the only way, they are lying to you and they don’t care about your future. Thx for reading
Deji Best boxer
Love you
DEJI! Go back to your SKITS, PRANKS, CHALLENGES and the occasional gaming videos.
Yes the videos the are back
deji start streaming on twitch again please :)
4:18 4:48 Deji's face
YES ! ILY
lol now we still need to see the iphone 14 introduction
DEJI THE BLACK JHON CENA 😤(never gives up)
we miss u man
DEJI VS JAKE PAUL 2.0
deji if u put in lots of work and effort and get better cardio u could be best youtube boxer ever
I love Deji so much
Deji shouldn't forget the losses though, he used them and learnt from it and bettered himself each time though!  Knew you'd beat Fousey though tbh !
yeah you’re undefeated
4:50 why is no one talking about that
4:29 🤔🤔🤔
“Undefeated” 💀
Which would you prefer?  (just curious what his audience would like to see )   1. Deji 20 vs 1 2. Deji vs Mayweather
deji developed a chad jawline after his win
Wins one fight against fousey who let's face it is clueless when it comes to boxing, now is fighting flloyd may weather.  What a joke.
First and last win
Delusional deji lol.      An average guy walking down the street could end your life with their bare hands.
I’ve always believed in you every fight you had my cousins would tell me about it and I would always say you will win
1-87
You fousy fans have nothing else to say lol
1 win doesn’t make you undefeated
Demi stop
God dayum his hairline us clapped fam
Ngl that last edit was wild
A little birdie tells me Deji is fighting Floyd Mayweather Nov 13th 👀👀
Can you please play some puppet combo games
So fucking proud of you man, continue to conquer boxing
Ayoo last edit Was MAADDDDD 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Popcaan is my friends uncle, and Deji Met Popcaan so I’ve met deji
انا بحبرمحمد علي كلاي وميك تايسون
Deji
Weji
Proud Of Deji💙
Love the Lord your God with all your heart soul mind and strength and love your neighbor as yourself Jesus said. And come follow Me ❤️📖🧎‍♂️🕊🙏🇺🇸😑
You look happy so fair play but let’s not forget you beat a human punch bag
W video
"Tikie tokies" so cringe i almost clicked off. Almost.
4:22 faster than a Toyota backfire LOL
Hi,   *THIS IS A SERIOUS WARNING...*  I have regretted GREATLY not doing these thing's & the pain and regret are almost unbearable...whoever you are reading this...PLEASE STRONGLY CONSIDER WHAT IS SAID BELOW...it truly, honestly could save your life, in many ways.  Whether you believe in God/Jesus or not...His Word is true & the warnings are real & *WILL* affect your life if not heeded to & also will affect your life in a very good way if they *ARE* heeded to.  This has absolutely nothing to do with this video. However, I think it's something every single one of us can relate to in life (or will.) I am a believer in Yeshua Ha Mashiach (Jesus Christ) & not into "church" as most know it today, nor "religion." But, I am a strong believer in God/Jesus & His Word & this inspired & encouraged me *A LOT* & that's not easy to do. So, even if we don't believe the same, these scriptures are just good, wise & sound and the advice can be very helpful...i will be so bold as to say, I think you will appreciate this! It's a little long...but so what, it could change your life in many ways... *IF YOU TAKE HEED.*    *With that said:*   *HOW TO DEAL WITH DIFFICULT PEOPLE*     Does it seem like people are more on edge than they used to be? We’re busier, more stressed, with more demands on our time, money and patience than we could ever have imagined. Tempers flare, and relationships are challenged because of it.  It’s easy to lose your peace when confronted with difficult people. You know who they are: family and friends (sometimes, it’s even us!), co-workers and clients, even casual contacts throughout your day. Harsh words, bad attitudes and selfishness can spike your temper and raise your stress level.  I got on my high-horse recently with my husband because he wasn’t doing what I wanted him to do as quickly as I wanted. (Don’t we get demanding, sometimes?) He got mad because I was so impatient. When I recognized my own attitude was wrong, I told him, “Honey, you’re going to have to forgive me. I am my father’s daughter, and I was not very nice.” Since we both know how difficult my dad could be, we laughed – and he took care of the thing I had asked for. Laughter is a great diffuser. Be ready to laugh at your own unreasonable attitudes – and in the midst of tense situations. Done correctly, without accusation, it can provide instant relief.  Nothing is worth the price of your peace. Be quick to step away, or to apologize if your own attitude becomes antagonistic. You can apologize for the WAY you said something, even if you don’t apologize for WHAT you said.  To help you keep your peace, you need to develop some self-defense tactics – a mental arsenal to protect your emotions. Here are five keys you can use to calm your emotions and maintain your peace.  *Shrug* … A soft answer turns away wrath … (PROVERBS. 15:1) “Oh, well!” is very effective. Surrender your self-righteous anger and hurt. Instead, show mercy – compassionate forgiveness. Assume that you were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Even better, ask them what is really stressing them out. Perhaps what they need is someone to listen.     *Bite your tongue*  … O that ye would altogether hold your peace!( JOB 13:5)Responding to a negative situation with more anger and sharp words only magnifies the problem. Instead, respond in love. Learn to follow the admonition of (I CORINTHIANS 13: 4-6) Love … is not touchy, fretful or resentful; it … pays no attention to a suffered wrong.  *Sit on it* … To every thing there is a season … a time to keep silence, and a time to speak (ECCLESIASTES 3:1-7) Time puts things in better perspective. Walk away. Table the issue for later discussion. If you can’t get away, change the subject. For an issue that must be addressed, set up a mutually agreeable time in a neutral location. Share over a cup of coffee or dessert at your fav restaurant.  *Forget-about-it!* … Cease from anger, and forsake wrath; Do not fret—it only causes harm. ~ PSALMS 37:8  Mentally revisiting the conversation or situation over and over in your mind is like repeatedly pulling the scab off an injury. It never heals. Stop the madness! Capture every negative thought (“I should-a said …”). You can’t redo or undo a conversation, no matter how much you want to.  *Move on* … And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee … (GENESIS 13:8). Sometimes the best thing you can do is put distance between you and the conflict. Abraham and Lot separated from each other when tensions between their workers escalated. Practice love from a distance if necessary. If the problem lives in the same house with you, create mental and emotional distance for yourself (see above suggestions). Don’t get pulled into their issues.  These tactics work even if you are not a principal player in the drama. My friend gets very tired of listening to her family argue and snipe at each other. She’s also learned that no amount of negotiation works. The combatants’ habits are so ingrained that they are unaware of the pain they cause others who have to hear their angry words and see their bad attitudes.  You’ve heard the expression, “hurting people hurt people”. Most people don’t get up in the morning determined to be mean and nasty or selfish and uncaring. They’ve just got ‘stuff’ going on in their lives, stresses that surface in sometimes inappropriate ways. Don’t take it personally. Instead, try these simple tips and keep your peace.   This was by Ruth Seebeck (blog)
Dejis forehead is moving maddd
omg its deji oh sorry i mean weji weji all the way
Good win but still. Fousey is the worst YouTuber boxer and Deji is semi undefeated. The fight wasn’t commissioned as a professional bout but with dazn’s misfits commission he is undefeated in misfits
8:43 stare gave me goosebumps 🥶😈 congrats deji :)
proud of you 😘
W
4:29 are we gonna talk about the file named mum is gay or nah
deji looked like a spartan warrior in the ring
I was with man till he said TikyTokys 😂😂😂
Good video. Still so happy for you Deji for that big Win.
lets b honest, it was only a matter of time until he posted this video XDD
Lol no your not undefeated you have never fought professionally stop the 🧢
deji should do try not to laugh video
Damn dawg i miss watchhing this guy aww mahnnnn😭😭😭😭😭
Deji vs floyd mayweather
man deji you won against jake paul from the start the fact he won is just bullshit stop talking to everyone who doubted you in that reddit video and get some high quality people around you fam you are a good boxer i saw it from the start but nobody believed in you cause they are fucking sheep man god bless you and have a good life
goattt
Keep the good work I’m so proud of you deji
yayyy ur backkk
5-0 undefeated 🐐
Its makes creepy, when he beat fouse he smile.
whoa whoa whoa Deji, you are currently 1-2 chill! you fought well against Fousey but you aint undefeated by far sorry to say
That za WARUDO tho
I think deji should be aiming to take jakes head off deji vs Jake 2 would be interesting
Really glad to see my man happy after so long...🙌😄♥️♥️♥️
Yo chill
Won 1 fight in 4. Hardly undefeated
SUP GUYS IT'S WEJI
UR THE BEST DEJI!!
You need to go wrestli mania and spear jack paul
Watford is in London, innit 😅
DEJI IS BACK U SONS OF BITCHES
Weji 🩲
Fousey got spanked
He needs a line up BADLY 😭
That's a mistake
The story about the female worker made me tear up, congratulations Weji, u did it!
Spread the gospel
Bring back Tekken🙏🙏
3:59 No problem leaving that in the video  that being said the pure sadistic resentment in the hearts of muds is always something to see
well done deji
Deji is undefeated so as his hairline no offence
Can someone tell me what deji did to deserve the floyd mayweather fight? No one is gonna pay for that fight to see floyd add a win to his name and get easy money lol. Trash match up
lol hold your horses there, yes you won. Undefeated? Stop the cap
If I’m being honest , I honestly thought Deji had a small chance of loosing but luckily my 80% was correct
“Im a london” 💀
a lot of money tho ... 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Chúc cho Đức Thật nhiều sức khỏe.
I always said it, fousey was on tren. 😂😂
Who is responsible for all the smoke in the air in California??
Deji you’re mad
I never doubted you dejiiiii🥰🥰
gotta rematch vinnie
the 14 dropped lol
you should play fortnite again
What's the song name
I hope you stay ripped
I swear that last clip gave me aids
Good job uso
I leik this deji  🎉
Deji vs Floyd thoughhhhh👀
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.          /,...............,.//.
You sure you wanna do the Mayweather fight?
deji losing his hair
Proud of you 👍
Deji laughing and smiling made my whole year we missed you Deji
He’s a yung goat 🐐 man pay him respect where it’s due …
I miss deji content like this hope you can keep it up even tho I know you are so busy
*throws a banana* Go get it boy, go get it!
Black guys so not interesting on YouTube
@6:13 I thought this was meant to be serious but when I heard 0-87 I couldn’t stop laughing 😂
Win or lose deji….u need a line up
Yo deji. Don't get complacent. Ur better than 1 win vs fousey
Deji is putting Hella ads on the vid, after not posting for months
Props on the win but honestly I wouldn’t look up to a man that had the opportunity of changing 3 times… This is not enough to me even less with his new “undefeated attitude”…
Yall gotta stop calling him weji. Wedgie...
THE GOAT!
Londoner
YO #21 on trending dammm
Deji has really matured so much. Mad props to him
icl i dont cry a lot but i almost did when i saw deji getting the w
I'm not sure but I think weji is supposed to be a good thing like wsi...w just means win
Internally undefeated 😤
It honestly looks like Fousey focused on his build instead of actual boxing training
WHAT IS THAT CUTTTT
The confidenceeee
You lost you’re first fight… you’re not undefeated
Stop the 🧢
Fam deji ur hair is clapped fam u gotta fix that ting
Lmao iPhone 14 just came out
Please let me get a shout out
It's so good that deji has started uploading again... Love that you gave us a smile 😁 today!!
2 proud of you Deji never give up
Your gonna slap up mayweather
We are all proud of you deji, thanks for showing everyone to never give up no matter how hard you've hit the floor,
Its so motivational seeing deji not give up. It makes me not want to give up during the hard times in life. Thanks deji your dedication is inspirational! We’re all proud of you for this well deserved victory.
I'm a londona😭😭
Wtf was that intro Deji
Yesss, my man back with recording videos :)
the last video though
The time between now and the last time I watched a deji vid, I can tell he is so much more grown up. the win did him lots of good
Nothing better than Dej with a smile
OnLy we og’s knew what he use to do with these iPhone videos ahahaha 😂
Deji can you put in your next fight a panda mask pls
Weji
thank u for being a positive soul
you beat one person, don't get your hopes up
7:04
Imagine a rematch in the town of Chillingbourne - who would win then?? 🥊🥊
Finally Deji is back
Deji Vs Vinnie 2 asap
the amount of improvements he's got reflexes and style its amazing what perserverance and motivation and can do. proud of you deji!
so proud of you deji
LOVE YOU 2  & ÀLL UR FAMILY  BLESSINGS-❤🌟👌🤞
No you’re not. 3-1 with the win being over FOUSEY.🤡
Bruv, made me crease loads of times during this video.
yess, youtube deji is back!, the undefeated pro boxer!
The music in the first post was literally just giving me a headache
Weji
CMON Deji Back in the game now yah?
People are so stupid, fousey didn't lose all his muscle, he's just not as shredded as he was for the fight
please dont just upload reddit, big fan
Deji, love that you won your fight and your in a better place, but please continue to remain humble.
WEJI!!!!!!!!
I'll be honest, I never thought you were gonna win. I've been watching you grow for quite some time and seeing you win really showed me what true dedication means. We're proud of you Deji, keep going.
thanks for making my day 😂❤️
It killed me when he said he was born in London and drill music played 🤣
Ok. NOW, you should start uploading. Good shit deji
Champ
Believe in the Son of God. Jesus Christ loves you. Jesus is the Way the truth and the life. He accepts you no matter where you've been. Doomsday is on the horizon. Believe Jesus is the Son of God. Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord. Read the Bible! Try to repent of your sins. "If anyone is ashamed of Me and My message in these adulterous and sinful days, the Son of Man will be ashamed of that person when He returns in the glory of His Father with the holy angels.” Our Saviour Jesus Christ died so that we will live. Jesus said, "I'm the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me". John 14:6.
He should of won the first Jake Paul fight, you guys are Underestimating him
I have been a fan of you since Dec 2014. I’m glad you are back to making videos again.
4:32 isn’t that after he fought slim ??
W
Yp that first edit made me tear up and glass eyes. Wow.  Just wow
Old Deji is back
weji
this is the modern Rocky underdog story. a great boxer in the making. had to fail to understand how to win. you can be great.
So mayweather huh
Congrats Deji again, well deserved, you’re an inspiration.
This video made me emotional at the beginning
Deji gotta change the vid to introducing the iPhone 14 vid soon
deji undefeated stop the cap
miss that laugh🫡🫡
Na we don't take no ls
Fight salt papi ! Then I’ll celebrate
I clicked the like button like 3 times
i read an article, and it says that you're fighting may weather?????????? did i read a fake article?
What the song at 8:43 called
Missed the videos deji, I enjoyed this
Missed that laugh
after watching deji since 2011 i fell out of love with him for a few years through the beefs he was childish still supported him tho but this fucking energy is his final form this is the real deji what a man what a win best showcase on the night and im so happy hes back to his best!!!!!!
The real question deji is. If a window is salty then how does a microwave express its feelings in a forest ?
Wejiiii
This was a great video. Dejis grown
SHOUTOUT VERGIL ORTIZ!!
Oh nah the olatunji forehead curse is CRAZY
Hey you I don't like little kids games
Love seeing  him smile
He seems like he’s matured so much I’m glad to see him doing so good
i was jumping around the room as well when Deji won. amazing feeling tbh
I really miss seeing Deji make content hope he start make more content
*JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU AND CARES FOR YOU HAVE A GOOD DAY EVERYONE*
Dude brush your hair
Play a scary game....
Isnt his record 1-3?
4:22 made my week 😭😭😭😂🤍
This video was just amazing, thank you for making my day Weji ❤
You won against some that got KO’d by Bryce hall man BRYCE HALL have you seen him fight. Your win against fousey means nothing your trash 🤣😂😂😂🤣
I gotta say this, even though it could be considered as ""negative".. Im very proud of you Deji, but the biggest reason why this win is such a big deal is because you lost 3 times. Now everyone is celebrating like you won the world championship.. Fousey was never a hard fight. So please don't let this one win get to your head
Dude, you beat a YouTuber in a boxing match lol relax…..
Bet Jake won't be after this next one.
11:40 was fr my reaction
Listen, you beat Fousey, big whoop, but Floyd Mayweather? You want to hope Floyd treats it as a exhibition!
Has to get algorithm on his side before announcement
Weji
dude i missed this
lets get comedyshortsgamer back!
12:37 lmfao
0-87💀
8:30 🤣
WEJIIIIIIIIII
Fight REAL boxers next time then you can gloat about it.
4:21
4:20
That last clip had me Rofl
LMAOOO! LOOK AT DEJI'S RECEDING HAIRLINE!!! AHAHAJAHHAHA!
They were right to meme you and judge you. All you gave us was weak efforts, until your win. So, they were right to say you'd never win and to be dissapointed
💎 Islam (English) 💎  🌎 Have you ever heard about Islam?  🌎 Did you know that Islam is not a new religion, but is the message of all prophets ?  🌎 Did you know that Islam is for all humanity?  🌎 Do you know that most of muslims are not arabs?   🌎 Did you know that muslims worship the same God of Abraham, Moses and Jesus?  🌎 Get to read about this and more information from authentic sources, (far from what's portrayed in the media),  in this bot👇  @Islam_in_English_bot
DEJI
congrats on the win deji
Hairline looking like the coast of china my guy
@rsbelhasa vs Deji. UAE vs UK lets go
Weji weji
WEJI
It was rigged , he won by a towel
deji was traumatized after that last one 💀
And now he's fighting Floyd Mayweather Jr on November.
I love this guy man
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉WEJI!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉  WEJI   WEJI
Just stay humble man, always remember that
Deji get the #1 on trending
WEJIIIIIIIIII
Weji
Cried watching the first one believed in you from the beginning. Been supporting since you were comedyshortsgamer. Proud moment you have every right to be happy.
Good to see Delhi post a regular vid again
I’ve forgotten how good Dejis laugh is
My son got hole touched by deij
I met Deji when he was 22 and he took me into a bar where I fell asleep sitting on the chair wake up sitting on his Willy. Horrible horrible incident witch I won’t let define him but it definitely wasn’t nice Dej.
Man I thought comedyshortsgamer would be back
Everytime I wanto show someone what I believe is one of the cringiest clips, I go straight to that Austin live stream clip,  he really needs that removed from everything 😂
Nah he wins one fight and deji thinks he’s underdeated yh ik I spelled it wrong I’m not the best at spelling
I'm very proud of you my man Deji, You have achieved the fight!
Hello
you're the man dej
Just remember to Stay humble
Can't forget Ringside though 🤣
Daily upload
Really love this guy
Weji
7:39 is the best hahahah
Best content creator
you got a weji
W
Yes deji
Fousey cant box tho. Search fousey boxing training 😂😂😂. Deji fight someone hard. Respect tho.
Relax dej, you beat fousey
McBroom moving to Alabama soon
LEGEND
Dejis win revived his channel
he lost like couple times what am i missing why he saying he undefeated
Great to see deji recording again
4:54 yo wtf
I missed that laugh man
My son is really back ‼️
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself by being Crucified and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.   May God Bless you all!
Undefeated more like how many L
Congrtu fucking lations🥊💪🏼
i am also undefeated. 0-0.
anyone scrolling through the comments to find someone who’ve seen the “mum is gay” folder too?
Alright calm down fella.
bruhhhhhhhhhhhhh
The real og
Deji’s first professional fight; “undefeated”
WEJI
W DEJI!!!!!!!
what an ending indeed
W 😁
On the first clip, Chills. Literal Chills...
weji
Your channel is the best.
Weji
Do the 20vs1!
I’m glad your back deji
Where’s dunya
Deji you can’t box to save your life  You couldn’t punch your way out of a paper bag 😂
😂😂😂😂👊🏾
Weji
LETTTTSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the forehead seems to be in the genes
Please post moreeeee ❤
Legend
06:47-06:53 is this whole comment section
Let’s get him to 11mill 🥺
Great to see deji back making videos. Was smiling the whole way through this video
Austin is moving mad
👑
WEJI
Undefeated?you sure?
weji
If deji had took the L I bet he would of disappeared again lol
As soon as I seen you punching. I knew you was gonna win. Well done weji
Not a fan of deji   That’s it
Mans hairline going 📉
W fukin video
Love you deji
Ayy he said he’s gonna upload more videos
🔥🔥🔥🔥
It's good to see you back buddy
Watford’s in London I swear
WEJIIIIII SO PROUD
Smashed it mate , proud of you 💜
We miss deji gamer
waiting for the next video
First pack
IM SO HAPPY TO SEE HIM DOING VIDEO AGAIN ✨
I just hope that Deji doesn't get over confident that he won this fight
1:20 songs name?
Congrats Deji 👏
Deji vs salt papi
Happy to see you back deji but please fix that hairline
I beg bring back dunja
1 minute in and im already crying 🥹!!
Congrats Deji so good to see u happy after watching your content for more than 8 years, insane what you have done so far
Deji speaking facts
What was the Phonk music
🔥🔥🔥
icl 0-87 is a funny joke 😭😭😭😭
Deji im glad to see you are in good spirits mate but it was one win and now you’re taking on Floyd Mayweather 🤦🏾‍♂️
deji back on redittttt lets goooo
Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy, To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.   (Jude 1:24-25) - Repent. The LORD Jesus Christ is coming soon.
Weji
My boy dej is back finally !!!
who else dont like this youtube update
That was an amazing moment when your mother & father came out the back to cuddle you, bloody amazing moment in YouTube history
Goat 🐐
This is trending in gaming
so happy you got that W
13:40  bros flabbergasted
Ngl I cried when you won it was my birthday aswell made my day even better
Keep it coming🔥
Finally 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
I can't believe the main man himself Deji posted with his busy schedule in fighting in the ring AND letting rookies like Mayweather step into the ring with him 💪💪
yooo we back
Giant head, means big brains.
1-3
Voice got deeper
You can indeed call your self a good boxer after that performance... well done again Deji pal!!
Proud of deji but hope this win dsnt go to his head an still try’s for more or he will loose
why is this on trending for gaming
Deji we need 30 minutes reddit video
Fousey reset to factory settings
Hey guys it’s comedyshortsgamer here! 😢
(Deji wins once) "I AM UNDEFEATED"
He finally got his smile back🐐
So good to hear his laugh🤣
1-3
LESSSGOOOOO DEJI’S BACK BABYYY
Yoooo! Look at my guy!
1-3... "undefeated"
“I ain’t Watfordin” had me popping
MY BOY! Call em Tank for a reason
i feel like after winnin the fight deji confidence has been bosted  keep it up weji
0-3, pain at that level makes a man dangerous. 1 - 3 ( ohh you dint see that coming )
WEJI!
Yeah I can’t give up fr I have to be the next to come up, I am inspired fr Deji so I thank you
Deji you should react to the Tekken 8 Trailer. We know how much you love Tekken!
this video was actually really funny i watched the whole thing, keep uploading mate!
ok bet but his trim is looking herendous
Deji better
It’s one win against a shi tter cmon don’t milk it now dej now apparently fighting floyd wtf😂😂😭
Another W for Deji; channel is alive again with this fun content.
glad ur backkk
That last video had me rolling
6:25 man deji's really an inspiration to me. In life, no matter how many times you fall, you still gotta get back up. This got me teared up ngl
W
Deji is comming back to his prime i Can feal it
Well done man. You looked like the best boxer that night and what determination to do it. Well done
Look at WEJI man, so inspirational 💯💯
No deji 😂 Joshua would pop you like a balloon
Cahmon naw! Damn straight!
Good completed youtube channel
Goat is back
dad: did u win son: yes i did dad
DEJI! Go back to your SKITS, PRANKS, CHALLENGES and the occasional gaming videos.
Man wins 1 and thinks hes undefeated, congrats on the win but pipe down lad u aint the shit. Yet
He’s back 🥹🥹🥹
not undefeated jake still humiliated yo ass
good to see you back happy, all the best to you and your family
that last vid is just weird lmao
nobody:  freaky nerds: 0:36
Undeafeted 4-1 lol
love U Dejii w
congrats man...
Deji. Fight. Austin. Mcbroom 0
Weji fix your hairline king
missed ur youtube vids🫶🫶🫶
Weji
ComedyShortsGamer 🥲
A billion 😂???!!?
Ahh ive missed you so much mann ❤
U got defeated every fucking time. Just won a single match and putting title ' I undefeated '
WATTFORDIN laughed my ass off.
That hairline tho
“Hey guys, it’s comedyshortsgamer here” was hoping for that 🥲
Congrats bruh!!
His hair tho I just want to shave his head idk why man bruh
Undefeated whereeeeeee
Wholesome <3
Weji
Deji: „don’t disrespect fousey“  Also deji 5 mins earlier:“ fousey broke this and that his eye socked…… 😂😂😂😂
x
Deji btw if u fight Floyd you have a zero percent chance of winning
Weji
ngl its good to hear his life again
even if it's a billion.... *realises how much that is*
so happy deji is finally back and better than ever🔥
Hey Deji, I don't know if you will read this or matter of fact if anybody will read this, but I want you to know that growing up you were the only person who made me happy. If it wasn't for your videos, I would've probably not had a good childhood. Watching your videos as a kid (not that younger than yourself) I felt as though I have a friend, a friend who I can't talk to but a friend that I can observe. Now after so many years, of watching you persevere and go through what you did, proving everybody, even yourself wrong, proving even my mum wrong who always said you will never learn anything from watching his videos, I am proud of knowing the fact that I spent my childhood watching a person who would become the greatest version of himself and inspire me and countless others on his journey. Thank you, Dej!
love you man great job on your victory
Wins one fight and thinks hes undefeated, you had 1 good fight out of how many looking like a fool, dont get on a high horse that you cant climb
From Man child to the Man 🙌🏽
UK...no, WORLD IS PROUD OF YOU DEJI!!!
Youre an inspiration sir! 💪🏾
Nearly made me cry in the first two minutes, you little fucker 😉
Sorry your not undefeated as you only won once all previous was lost
Weji
ngl austin is weird for that i have a neighbor who’s a young girl and we talk and play and i would never even think about touching her and she is like 9 nvm a baby i hope he was playing or something cause that’s sad
Deji-Mayweather  let's gooooo
1-0-5
Finally a video where the title isn’t ‘I’m ending it’ - ‘I’m quitting’ - ‘see you soon’
As Deji said, he’s seen all of you fake people so don’t try to cover your hate up because you’re just as bad as Social Gloves at telling lies.
THE KING OF YOUTUBE IS MF BACK !! FINALLY
Last edit tho😂😂💀
Bros hairline is definitely no undefeated
tf was that last video lmaooooo
Man doesn't know that the iPhone 14 just released 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"fighting" Floyd because you know your win over Fousey was way too overhyped. Now you're fighting Floyd just so your dumbass fans can justify when you lose or draw. Sellout.
mayweather?
Arent you 1-3?
ur 1-3 buddy chill out
THIS WAS SO CRAZYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!
I am so happy! Deji winning is the highlight of my year. Ive been watching you since you and your dad were doing skits you are my childhood love you man.❤️
Nice to see u back
i dont think deji realizes how much proud we are for him like damn i felt like a fking proud dad😭
What about the mayweather fight?
Deji on the COMEUP
Respect the guys attitude
Missed his laugh..   It hits diff now, man I'm happy for him!!!!!
I want Jake Paul VS Deji II
me watching the whole video with smile is amazing i hope u keep doing videos love u dej
7:12 feels so good to see this man smile again :)
i knew you could do it
I love this deji
🥲
Who else got goosebumps watching the first video?
🎉🎉
Deji should face his old opponents and just fuck them up for full redemption
Deji now knows what it’s like to have power now he’s just gotta work on being able to lead in a fight and keep pushing forward even after getting knocked down or taking punches just like Gib.
Last edit was something
you gotta wear the goggles at the charity match
Chill boy you beat someone who has no boxing experience
Kingji
W❤️
idk if im behind by many years but i fully expected screaming as an intro not "hey guys its deji"
I just think fousy was easy . But he's gonna lose  to next youtuber (except Bryce) .
W deli
"Yall let that nigga eat for free. I feed of the hate nigga I dont want niggas to believe in me"  -jey the nightwing😤
4:21 one of the funniest things I’ve seen😂😂😂😂
Your not tho are ya pal
7:31 elaborate 🤔
can’t find the boxrec link
2nd video almost made me cry
Please be comedy shorts gamer again
nah i could beat you i am 17
Nothing but joy for Deji man, what a W
You wish.
after this win it feels like we actually have deji back. his personality seems like it used. gassed
4:30 for those who didn't get it when u r taking roids u lose ur muscles faster.
Shutup you won against FOUSY ahahahahahahahhahahaha
No more kfc dejiiiii!!!!!!
W
Big ups Champ 💯
8:30 old deji came out for a sec 😂
That first clip made me cry
upload
w deji 💪
Iv never said this but… slap some ads on and get them Ps bru🤙🤙
but hes like fousey your an easy fight and he feels amazing getting pity?
WWWWWWWWWWWWWEJI
i missed this so much!!!!!!
We'd appreciate if you find pleasure in uploading like your bruv 🥺
HES BACK OMGGGGG
This is just a "trailer"  Just wait and watch
King Dej
Deji always loved watching your videos since the challenges and the try not laughs (always made me laugh) and to see you finally win actually makes me so happy great job man
Love that slow zoom and uplifting music
U lost 3 times and uno wat matters deji ? U never Stopped even doe the fans Wanted u to stop boxing u just kept going when u next box best da guy innit have loads of respect for u dej
old dejis back i did not here his laugh in along time i finally heared it
He will not post again for 8 months
Deji if you destroy mayweather you will destroy the internet and the matrix
Austin be moving madd lately 💀💀📸📸
Didn't realize how much I missed deji uploads
Why are some of the videos so weird?
FINALLY
EYYYYYYY
Yo, those TikToks edits are insane!
I won't lie I started crying when deji won. Iv been a fan of him since ❤️
Deji finally got a win, but it was against the easiest opponent possible
nah fr i cried when deji won, all the edits always without fail make me tear up. so fucking proud of him man
WEJI
8:30 so you say there is a chance ?
I'm totally not crying 1 minute into the video ...
it's been a real while yho ❤️
Wtf is wrong wiv Austin
Weji
Nice😃👍🏼
W!
BRUVV!thx for the video deji. Your vids always make smile fr.
he loves getting weji
deji ik u got ur first win but dont get ahead of urself and fight mayweather okay? 😂
I love you
Yeee
We need a better looking deji in the next fight
Hi weji
WEJI
Love to see it
1:05 what song is this?
what's the background song at 7:06
congratlulations homie.
please make moore vidoes
I just realized that 0-87 is a reference to Julio Caesar Chavez Sr who went 87-0 before losing his first fight.
finally weji
deji got almost a whole new vibe and I love it
you shouldve shouted "DAMN STRAIGHT!" in his face when you knocked him down
11:18 best part 🙈🤪
GOAT DEJI
This video has been a long time coming
THE KING IS BACK
Deji vs Jake Paul 2 the rematch
I missed this 😍
W
We love you Deji.. only W's now♥️
lets be real FOUSEY aint a good boxer. Lets see how u do against mayweather
I literally sprinted from 1st floor till 3 floor yelling and excited and losing my shit when dej won
i genuinely had a sore throat the morning after dejis fight because i was screaming so loud
No You’re Not
Love your transformation over the years, and not talking only physically, in fact mostly mentally. It's great to see you grow up as a person man.
WEJI CHAIN!!
Please remain humble, train to  win your next.
That win meant so much for your community
Are you really boxing Floyd?
Ok deji  Enough of Funny stuffs Time for camp  Lets be the first to whoop Mr. Money May
4:22 that was nostalgic
Hm
U literally lost 3 time in row how tf u r not undefeated😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
im so happy you're back with the laughter finally we got our deji back , hope this is the start of your journey may it all be success, joy and happiness
Love thisss!!!!!
Old Deji is back?
Ayeee another deji vid!
I missed this content man
❤❤❤❤❤❤
I reacted way better than that girl  Trust me  I lost my voice. I just dint record it lol
Tf what that last one bruh
Deji is a happy soul, I love both olatunji brothers 😊
I'm so happy for him
Wear the goggles to the charity match
LETS GO DEJI
Make sa song
💙
Weji like… Wedgie?
9:00 LOOOL I forgot about this
Bruh💀 7:03
W deji i hope he does videos often from now (congrats on mayweather fight)
W Weji
INSANE HAIRLINE
W🔥🔥💯💯😄 that’s my nicker friend
MUM IS GAY FOLDER LOL
💯
WE NEED MORE REDDIT VIDEOS OD WEJI🤞🤞🤣🤣
You should fight Austin mcbroom
nice fam
man i miss that laugh
Missed that laugh. LOVE YOU DEJI!
Deji said Fousey is an easy fight so he proved it, big up Deji
Weji..
W
13:50 dejis reaction was priceles
Deji is a vibe
Always stay humble 👊 that's how you win
lol he won against fousey and he acting like he fought the best boxer in the world lmfao
1:54 but that's ain't true  We'll so is for the record factually 🤟
The 0-87 meme belongs in r/agedlikemilk
That first video...man, I almost cried, ffs 😅🔥🔥🔥
It's igood that deij won but I feel like people forget that he lost 3 fights
0:87 😂😂😂😂
4:21 😂😂😂
Deji fighting Floyd ????????? Weji
Only deji and w2s can not post a video for years then come back to 1mil plus views
Deji is so humble now
Nah you lost to vinni and wassabi before this. I hope you didnt forget this.
I love how inescapable jojo is 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
Yo Deji it's great to see you back
its been awhile
fix ur hairline please
I want deji to see the "they're laughing at you" edits
HEY GUYS ITS COMEDYSHOTSGAMER HERE
DEJI'S BACCKK!!!
It fun seeing Deji having fun
Kai next?
YES DEJI
Nice to have ya back
Deji going head 2 head with Floyd. What Universe is this
NORMAL DEJI BACK
I’ve watched this 3 times today, I missed deji videos
Some of our hardest moments are our proudest moments Deji! Congrats on the win!
I missed that genuine half pervy half happy stare at 8:30 hahaha YOU BACK IN THE GAME NOW STAY IN IT KING! 🦍👑
Please have Dunjah back! You guys made a great duo
Deji i don't know if you realise but like we were all like this at 11:20 like fuck man i low key think Jake Paul even reacted that way. You are like everyones favourite and we we all hoping for a win. you pulled it through and looked damn good doing it too.
The legend had finally made a video took you long enough
W VIDEO!
Dude said undefeated 😒😒😂😂
THE PEOPLES CHAMP!!!
I have so much respect for this lad
HES BACK
0-87 is crazy I started dying when u said that ☠️☠️☠️☠️
If Deji tells me to jump I say how high  If Deji asks to borrow my car I say how long If Deji tells me to do him a favor I do 3 Deji is the British dream  He is Tall , Dark , and Handsome  His charisma is unmatched  His intellect is unworldly  My grandparents had Muhammad Ali  My parents had Mike Tyson  And most importantly I have Deji
4:19 It feels so good hearing Deji laughing like this once again 😭
11:40 Everyone was like that
Enough to make a grown man cry
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
7:30 "ANYTHING is possible", he was hinting towards fighting Mayweather I think
w
8:40
The edits ppl make of deji winning is fire
look at deji man so inspirational
Nahhhh, you gotta do the 20 vs 1 that would be real jokes, plus normal gaming content like old days would be fire too
4:02 W deji❤️
that hairline is FUCKED
DONT LOSE FOCUS DEJI !!!! REMEMBER YOU CAN ALWAYS DO BETTER , EVEN WHEN YOURE AT WHAT YOU THINK IS YOUR BEST🙌❤️❤️
Hes backkk
Big W's from Deji!!
Is Deji finally back!!!!?
Seeing Deji smile is wholesome 🥲❤️
it feels good to see deji record these videos
Wtf was that last edit😂
Deji looks so happy after his win
Austin McGroom
LETS GO my hole family was hyped when u did this vid
Yo I'm so proud of Deji and his boxing journey, this may sound fake as he's got the W now but I've always supported Deji and I've been a watcher and sub of Deji for years, since the days man was eating japanese kcf and the black burger an dat. Big up Deji, so much love for you man
yall both my childhood bros, from csg to fousey. im gald deji won!
If Deji fights actual good boxers he would be 0-87 Does he have balls to spar Jake Paul?
Deji after winning against Fousey is talking as if he beat Mayweather and won the World Championship.
Why is he happy on winning? Last time he said win or lose does not matter so why does this wim matter?
DeJi DeJi !! DeJi!!
How can you be happy after defeating a clapped opponent like Fousey.
Aww look at deji so inspirational
I'M A LONDON                              -deji,2022
missed his laugh :,)
Comedy shorts gamer here
LETS GO DEJI! 😁😆
Jake Paul is not alive ig
We back. Lets go Weji!!!!!!!
Almost a wholesome ending
At least for 8 weaks floyd is coming
Do more videos like this
Your not undefeated 1-3-0
I’m a London 🤨
I love deji
idk why but seeing this deji video brang back some nostalgia  i teared up 😭 Weji btw
So proud of you Weji🫶🐐
His finally back lesgooo wdeji
deji should have tweeted "im gonna shock the world" again
DEJI DO MORE REDDIT VIDEOS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
never gonna take no L’s never gonna take no L’s 🔥
Man i almost liked this video twice ;)
8.44 deji looks like black niko omilana
thank you deji
First clip was so wholesome 😌
Tbh the cocky deji is what got him the L's.
Hi deji we love you glad you're back 💖💖💖💖💖
But fousey still defeated 💀
more videos man
I don’t realise how much I miss these videos ❤
Weji!
WHATS UP!!? ITS DEJIII! Intro please.
Laughed so much, this video is literally a banger😭
What song played in the video in the beginning when they played deji vs fousey
Weji back at it again
LOOK AT THAT SMILE M8
It’s sooooo amazing to see just how happy Deji is now and just in general
DEJI the GOAT 🐐🏆
Still 1-3 mate
literal shivers on the first video man, been here through every fight. <3
1.12 can i please know the name of that song
Well done on win but you’re not undefeated are you
Goddamn someone line his hair up
Keep uploading deji 👏🏽💪🏽❤️💕
Remember he is a molestor
Floyd’s next
Such a legend 🙏🏾Congrats Champ
Love you dejii
Lol 1 win n u think you can beat money😂😂😂
good to see him back making videos
6:59 😂😂😭 this why I love deji👏🏽🤣 he funny af he da man 😂💯👏🏽
Missed that laugh 🤣
I haven’t heard his laugh in so long. I love it man. Congratulations Deji
Missed you big man❤️
Hearing that contagious laugh again made me smile
Only smiles
Title cap
FINALLY
that laugh will never get old
Lets Go Champ!!
Finally a Deji Video 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Wejjjiiiiiii
Weji
Does anyone know what the music at 8:44 is called?
title is hella cap fr
YOU BETTER UPLOAD MORE OR I WILL CRY
the last one left deji speechless
YOU’RE BACK!!!!!
DEJIIIIIIII
goat
7:06
Bros fighting the best boxer of all time
Holy fuck yes
undefeated? you lost 3 fights chill out
For the first time in forever….    Jk Deji u earned it King
Huge W deji
This fight was so hype omg i seen half these vids  hella proud of you deji emotional event🤍
Im happy for this, but like...  *How'r u undefeated if Jake Paul won?* 😆
That anything is possible sounds like mayweather confirmed
your an absolute inspiration man
Love man like deji ❤
I knew fussy pussy was going to lose his technique was assss. He didn’t do no boxing he was doing cardio workouts just so he looks good and hopefully get a good punch but my man deji come with the skill and the power
But youre not undefeated…
I'm having happy tears.
0-87 had 😭😂
Greatest revenge is to show them how successful you are now! Greatest come back deji!
that video at the end had me DYING
U lost 4 times
Am undefeated   His past 3 boxing mach you sure about that
4:40
Goat
I LOVE DEJI
King Deji!!
W
Who else can’t stop looking at the lint on his beard lol! Love you Deji
what was that last edit 😭
So is Deji fighting Floyd Mayweather or not???
An exhibition = DRAW = MONEY
Take a shot everytime this man says "c'mon!"
I'm proud of you deji. I admit I was wrong about the foosy fight. I just didn't know when you were gonna get a win but thanks for being back to reality. Thanks for proving me wrong keep training hard.
Heard about Mayweather earlier 👀 You're gonna have to practice countering counters like you're playing chess asap 😂
finally an upload my boy
Love watching your vids makes me laugh all the time much love Dej ❤
deji laugh makes me laugh so hard
more video. I need my next fill of Dejitainment. I request a once a week pls:D
0 - 87 got me creasing 😂😂
Deji might of hinted the mayweather fight when he said "anything is possible in this youtube game" 😏
Don’t get gassed, you won against one of the worst, don’t ruin it all for a mayweather bag, build your way up and don’t sell out the moment people respect you for the first time ever
4:55 even the dog 🤣🤣🤣 I lost it
WEJIIIIIIIIII
lets goooo WEJI
I will buy Deji a new camera myself
Goat
Imagine they all leave, nah It would never happen trust yourself g
LMAO, the last video had him done bruh 😂
Please to more reddit vids I bet there's a shot tonne in here that we all love to see
Yesirrrrrrr deji
How is nobody commenting on him literally taking on Floyd ?
before he was 0-87 know he is 1-87
Imagine all the people who was saying quit lol
Imagine being on trending :)
CANT WAIT TO SEE DEJI'S REACTION TO TEKKEN 8 REVEAL
WEJI!!!!
I LOVE YOU DEJI!!!!!!!!!
Love to see it deji
Love seeing you happy brodie, continue the growth 🙏🏾 🤍
WEJIIIIIIII
Bossman
no outro :(
Mf you like 1-6 stfu😂💀
The self realisation and image from deji in the recent year is amazing. Happy to see because he is one of the funniest guys on here just lost his way.
NO  WE DONT TAKE NO L'S NO WE DONT TAKE NO L'S
Big up Weji 🎉
Been smiling through out watching the video lol,good to see you back Deji
Lets goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Deji Deji Deji
Deji the champion!!
WWWEEEJJIIII
Austin 😉
Introducing iphone is the funniest shit man 😂😂
That youtube notification sent me flying to my computer after school
Honestly deji we’re so fucking proud of you you did something truly amazing and you never gave up
Weji
Dude you make me smile so much dej thank you so much and we are so fucking proud of you
what happened to your hairline 🤣
ok but did u see his folder on desktop thats called "mum is gay"?
HEARING HIM LAUGH AGAIN HOLY H3LL
Deji rocked him so hard to the point he lost muscle
So happy to see Weji Back 💫
Deji please don’t fight Floyd. He’s angry and embarassed for not knocking out Logan because he really tried.  Please stay away from him, he’ll knock you out.
he did shock the world without twitting that sht again
Love to see how happy you are deji❤❤❤
Nothing makes me laugh more than a Deji video💀
who is gonna tell deji Watford is in london
W
11:00 that edit was COLD
People keep telling me I can’t shoot lasers out of my eyes like Superman but Deji told me not to give up!!!   I WILL LASER YOUR FACE OFF.
that last edit was just...
Weji
YESSSSSSSS DEJI, WE'VE MISSED YOU!!! GLAD YOURE BACK M8!!!!!!!!!
<3
The title say undefeated but do you know damn well he is😳
Alex Wasabbie
You wait for Virgil to tell you what I've been telling you for YEARS, DEJI?? You're a beast. I NEVER doubted you.
Nice
man really calls himself undefeated lmao
WEJIIII
Wow.
W my guy
The edits on his reddit tho
The Caption Made My Whole Week.
This whole "You can do anything. Im proof of that" is so cringe. You beat Fousey for God sake. The guys juiced up but fights like a girl😂 You still lost to Vinnie and Wassabi just because they actually had some ability to throw basic punches
With that professional win, u gotta celebrate it with getting a line up deji.
2:38
It makes my heart so warm seeing all the appreciation for this man. A true inspiration fr <3
500k views 80k likes wtf
Is seriously nobody talking about the slap on the arse? 👀👀👁️👁️
Goosebumps.
YESSSSSSS FINALLY 🎉
Astuin micgroom 4:51
Now deji you know there’s a universal difference between may weather and fousey
He’s Back BABY 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Weji
🤣the title reason am here 🤣cuz this man lost like 2-3 times and he saying undefeated
The crumb in his beard got me 👹
Weji
I always believed i you deji the 0-87 got me tho😂
Fuckk I’ve missed your energy!!!   Glad your back
The 0-87 jokes we mad funny tho 😂 I’m sorry but it’s just jokes
bros grownin peubes under his chin
Change it to iPhone 15 Deji. iPhone 14 was announced just last week
Let’s gooooo
Play some tekken
Lol the ads run everywhere
Pick a different title 🤡
undefeated 💀
if wsi not posting i’m watching some mufuka weji fr fr
i miss u sm deji
Dejis reaction to that last video as well as the video itself had me in stitches
20v deji need it
4:22 ITS BACK OH MAN I MISS THAT LAUGH 😂😂😂😂😂
So proud of deji 😄
yyyyyyyooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. the ending. 😭💀💀
Everyone around me tell me don’t give up, I’m like, nah
UPLOAD FORTNITE!!!
I’m really just sat here at 2am smiling through this whole video
Luv u❤
Your laugh is the best ever. Happy you’re back
Weji made new vidt
anyone know the sound clip or song at 7:07
Welcome back deji
Like what deji said after he’s first lost, “I believe I have a different legacy” and he proved it ✊🏾🔥
i missed the HEYY GUYSS... :(:
only og’s acc remember when deji would change the iphone video every year😂😂
Thank God! I’m miss Deji man.
W
What’s up dejiii !!!!!!!!
Wejjji
Ok
nah that lil shit on his chin is getting me tight
I don’t think deji realises how emotional ppl got when deji won. It’s insane.
Ur 1-3
I'm undefeated accept for my 3 defeats
We love you Deji!
4:21 4:22
4:22 SCARED ME
I AM PROUD OF U REDEMPTION
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THE KING IS BACK
Deji’s looking great lately.
Yo
Definitely missed that laugh
Watching Deji gets rid of my sadness 💙
We need a video with the parents again pls
Deji is littertly a superhero that didn't give up to prove his point for all of us, Never give up ❤️🙏
This is an amazing feeling to see him back and the positive energy
Mf fighting floyd
Dejis reaction to the last edit 😭😭😭
imma keep it short. You, Deji are a great example i can show my children.
14:14 The ultimate "a lot of you guys".   yeah Deli is back
All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and are justified by his grace as a gift, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus -Romans 3:23-24
never thought this mf, COMEDY SHORTS GAMER, a guy who picked Korea in 2 Blacks vs the world, would bring me so much joy in a single video. Keep 'em coming.
My name is Deji  Don't forget my name  D.E.J.I  That is how you spell my name  I have an I in my name, and a. E too, they are both vowels  Damn straight boo
Probably should've boxed up your hairline
Na my boy deji need a line up
you win and make a reddit to show off ur win, dont forget u lost against a tik toker, alex wassabi too🤡🤡
11:20 was my reaction too... I didnt even care about the other matches after that
Its more than a year tho
Dejis laugh always makes you laugh
Weji
so glad Deji Is back he looks happier
It has been time GIVE US A TRY NOT TO LAUGH
I really fucking enjoy this Deji when he makes videos and when he talks to us
Take the advice top G gave adin. Youre rich. Start acting like it. Lmao. Dont like wait too long to show out. Youre only young once. Mayweather will knock some sense into you lmaooo
1st win, next goal six pack?
Same energy as deji while watching that that last edit post @-@
👑❤️
Never knew deji is a motivation channel 😂😂😂
Deji ✨❤️❤️✨✨
“Anything is possible” he says Noe’s he’s fighting maywether  🤣
We need them scary games, weji
DEJI UPLOAD LETS GOOO
can’t wait till your fight with Floyd
He knows that wasn’t his first time seeing that video. He took time to cry before actually recording his reaction.
🤡🤡🤡🤡
Dam 😅 those were some amazing edits
That trim
7:40 thank god loved this meme but glad to see happy asl 😁😆
#2 for trending. 🎉
Congrats Deji!!!
ngl the thing you said about perseveirance man that one got me motivated cant even lie to you man
Atleast do a 20-30min vid😂😂😂
11:20 IM ABSOLUTELY DYING😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣 THIS LADY WAS SOOOOOOO DESPERATE FOR DEJI TO WIN💀💀💀💀💀💀💀 JEEZ
The smile on dejis face when it started showing his boxing highlights 💜
Announce Mayweather !!
deji when is the next kfc video
no one wants to see deji vs mayweather....
Title is a little wrong
Crazy how fast people switch up, it’s EMBARRASSING 😂
I’ve got 3 vids in my camera roll that say otherwise 😂😂
deji when is the next kfc video
Love It When He Laughs
Legend is back
is it just me or when i hear deji laugh in this video it gives me memories of old deji
WEJIIII
More videos
"anythings possible in this youtube game 😏" YEAH LIKE FIGHTING MAYWEATHER HUH?!? MADNESS
weji
If they say you can't do it, do it twice and take a fn' picture
Deji vs May weather
Tbh since the news is true u should stay focused on boxing maybe pop in here and there but keep focused u made us proud but keep it going 🦍💪🏽💪🏽
5:06 YUP HE DEFFO SAID GOD DAMN LMAOOOOOOOOOO🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣 AUSTIN IS ON A MAD ONE💀💀
Thanks deji
I love how much more confidence Deji has now😢
You made me smile so much in this video glad to see u back thanks dej
WHO WANTS TO SEE DEJI PLAY A SCARY GAME? LIKE SO HE CAN SEE PLEASE!
What up deji I never see you little men
4:43 off cycle
When you mother came to my butchers, we spoke about the fight and the way she said it, she genuinely is proud of you and you deserved the W.
🇵🇬🇵🇬🇵🇬
I will always save Michale Buffer announcing Deji brings tears to my eye
OH MAN it's been ages ever since deji last record a YouTube video how nostalgic it brings me back on how I usually enjoy watching his videos :) Give us more content soon DEJI!!
all we nned now is deji with long hair
I can’t believe you’re giving mayweather a chance to lose against someone undefeated like you!?!? Don’t embarrass him 🫣
He's fucking ego how about you tell your dumb fans buying bots how you tried to get kavos cancelled your dog dying is your fault fuck this L you still trash
What was that last edit 😂🫡
Glad to see recording again, smiling, and happy!
Deji vs gib
when did you start putting sea moss on your head
Deji you a legend I’ve been watching you for ages keep posting mate we love the vids ❤️
“Damn straight” ahhh the memories.
Deji i'm sure there are girls that will keep standing if you'd do 20vs1!!
Let’s see if he’s fighting Floyd
6:37 ''If they say you cant do it keep going'' Proud of you Deji
man i love deji
Deji even though u did take this one dont stop the grind we want to see so much more from you and expect more wins lets goo Wejiii🐺
undefeated in how weird you are little cringelord
Deji 20 vs 1 would absolutely BANG! This has to happen
No more uploads. More Boxing. Do Roadwork videos. Get a fight team going man. Train with friends.
Okay so Deji is jumping on the Reddit video train…
Luv deji
AYO AUSTIN🤢
Ok, that hairline though.
Let’s go weji
Deji will be the only fighter to beat Mayweather.
respect to you so much deji. you’ve done so proud for yourself and for us all
Everyone who’s watching this video I hope you’re having a good day
4:19 if u a real fan you been heard that laugh before
1 training ark and he thinks he’s from london, deji let’s get in the ring
I missed our boy😁
I CAN'T STOP SMILING 😁
i watched the fight with my girlfriend and she doesn't know anything really about youtubers but i've been watching for like 8 years or something but we both said when u won we got goosebumps and then the announcer said he got goosebumps too lol. was a feel good moment to see someone else feel so good
Man I really missed these videos
we need more of this
man this video made my day, was having a rlly crappy day b4 watching this and when i got to parts like 7:44 i couldn’t stop laughing
Upload here and there but don’t slow down on training. Stay WEJI. Dailey has you like a beast in that ring so stay on track and go knock out the next opponent
nah 0-87 ts crazyy 😭
Get rid of the 0-87 memes and bring in the 87-0 memes
That last video had him hella confused 😂
omg deji is back, Finally mann you were missed, and props on your big W i knew you had it in you.!💪
you neeed a trim bruv
Im soo freakin proud of you wejii🤩🤩❤❤❤🌷
Am I the only one that got upset that we didn’t get a outro. I wanted to fucking dance!!!
7:27 ay lock at this mfer he teasing maywether
NAHH that ain’t fair😭 the edit of everyone saying deji ain’t gonna do it too everyone cheating for him got me teared up😭.. BIG UPS WEJI!!
I MISSED YOU HOLY SHIT ITS BEEN TOO LOGN LMFAO
you are not undefeated we all remember what you did just because you have 1 win in pros doesn't erase the previous fights.
LETS GO DEJI LETS GO
"thats a lot of money tho
Is Jallow still editing Dejis Videos?
deji the goat
"i am undefeated" after getting beat 3 times, stfu
Deji back with the vidsss, love to see it
Austin was acting interesting 😮
You ain’t undefeated 💀tf
Feels so weird to watch a deji video
Deji glad to see you overcome all this!! Goated 🐐
How are you undefeated if u lost more times than you won?
Guarantee the people making all the memes are the same people being like “I always believed in you I never gave up on you so proud of you hfhhfhfhf”
That montage gave goosebumps!
proud of you deji fr
Are you fighting Floyd
Flyod Deji gone be crazy
everyone switching up in the comments😂😂
Deji vs Mayweather🔥
Wow major W Deji
Get your ass back in the gym, you're suppose to be fighting Floyd in November 🤦😂.
0 an 87 is funny asf
WEJI
Weji
Weji
Deji I miss you so much
love deji but that hairline is atrocious
pleaseeee post more just like you used to
DEJI!!! We missed u
im sorry but i aint let no one "Dog on" me ;-;
"Wedgie"
Let's go deji
I’m tryna be like weji
Weji
12:06 LMAOOOOOO 😂
Why am I smiling so much
Watford is in London Weji
So entertaining well done on the win deji
11:03 thats hard
The Olatunjis will go down in history as the most consistent youtubers to ever exost
He promised
So glad you succeeded and found a good mindset now! Everyone is proud of you.
WEJI THE WANK!
Is it true ur facing Floyd mayweather
Deji ! You made us all proud !
man really said tikkie tokkies like that hahaha
7:18 seeing his desktop idk just makes me feel nostalgic of all the games I used to have on my desktop his desktop also looks the most real like classic gamer for fun vibes
Selfbelief always the key to success💯 and deji showed that
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
at the start i thought he was gonna say somthing about his hair
Bruh about time you uploaded a normal vid. Big W 😭👍🏾
that girl at 11:45 was literally me n my girl aint know what to think lmaooo
Stop the cap  👉 1:3
LETS GOO CSG IS BACK
Needs to be iPhone 15 now
3:52 there goes the laugh we all love
fucking love the energy in this vid haven't watched a deji vid in a bit but this got me laughing hard😂😂
LMFAO THAT LAST VIDEOOO
Great 2 have u back!😎👍💪
KING
So we not gon talk about how austin spanked his own child in a very weird and strange way and the last clip?💀
w
One of favorites video of yours besides tank gang
Funny video and all but why at 4:28 is there a folder named "MUM IS GAY" lmao
Everybody tag deji to fight me
WE MISSED THIS DEJI!
1:25 aw 😂😁
I swear I heard god damn with Austin Tf
1:20 almost had me in tears already 😅
Did he not invent another laugh while laughing at a vid of him inventing a laugh
Makes me smile
Historic W Bossman
god i missed this mans videos
W-eji
01-99 Deji be like, at least I got a win tho
i fell like deji can say whatever he wants he hasn’t sold out
Is Mo the editor here too ???
I LOVE U DEJI
He's back finally we missed u
Rate you deji but that hairline needs sorting out asap
mans was confused at the end
This video makes me so happy man
4:29 "MUM IS GAY"  lol      Its in between 4:29 and 4:30 you just have to pause the video in between that second.
You should do the 20v1 you're the goat no girl is leaving
I mean why would you believe in some1 if they have lost 3 times and havnt trained to their true potential
Deji go to gym pliz
I can't believe I made it into the video 9:39 - I AM SOOOOOO HAPPY!!!!
Honestly ever since the Jake Paul fight I knew how much potential you had and that Fousey fight, was like " This is definitely the Deji I've been waiting for!"
When he said there was memes of me being 0-87 I couldn’t stop laughing 🤣🤣🤣
What a champ 🏆
We all know you are going to fight Floyd Mayweather
9:27 i still have an iphone 6s
Having a tough couple of months and just seeing that deji has uploaded, has just put the biggest smile on my face I haven’t had in a while, thank you Dej, love you ❤
Deji ❤️👏👏👏
This is what would love to see
Glad to have you back to doing these funny ahh videos man. We could all use the sound of your laugh to brighten our day 😃
tank would've been proud dej
Please STOP Taking The Son's Name In Vain
can't hate the guy his just one of them guys you can never hate
He’s got natural talent just needs to put in the work like he did for the fousey fight and weji beats everyone. Well done my guy 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
I’ve missed these vids man 😭
I missed Dejis goofy ahh laugh😂
Man i freaking missed these videos soo much, you are absolutely the best Deji i'm very proud of you fam 💪😁
Always wanted to kiss the girl who triggers my guilty Spark but she deserves better Does she have that Stretching Harper out that doesn’t make any sense
I miss that laugh so much
Bruhhh wtf is the file at the top left at 4:29 💀
Deji we all love you ❤️ great to see you back and posting vids!!!
Are you fighting money Mayweather?
You are not undefeated you are 3 to one now go in on other fighter's like you did in you're boxing fight I believe you can do it you showed the world you can
we love you deji <3
You are not undefeated
fousey barely did anything  in the fight. your win is not a real win. even alex did more.
LOL U THE WORST YOUTUBE BOXER
Nice to see you genuinely happy after quite a long time...no doubt it's been difficult with the boxing - but the persistence has really paid off and you kept at it. Really happy for you
dejiiiiiiiiiiiii
7:05 really showed his deji energy
All I want to say it Well Done Deji you smashed it mate
My man thanks for what you do bring a smile to so many faces😃
THE KING IS BACKKKKK
From legi to wegi
Finally!!!
Good to see him posting again
Deji is honestly a goat
yo deji looks and acts way different
Who’s gonna tell Deji Watford is in London
the 20 vs 1  deji edition  would be actually insane
No need to upload just train then if your tired the sleep and if your ok then upload
Now this shocked the world.
Glad he didn’t leave YouTube for boxing like jake did
Floyd: good luck to you deji! Deji: *wins and challenges him*
Weji
grats on your win but i wouldnt title your video im undefeated when this was your 1st win and you lost everything else lol
deji go train fam. I wanna see you in the ring in January. I believe in you.
lol after all these years i revisit his channel and his content is still shit if not worse lmaoooo
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
That laugh tho is been a while
That eyebrow rise when says “anything is possible in this YouTube game” clear indication of the mayweather fight
WEJI
Big up you Deji Bald
We love dejiiii
4:29 why's he got a file called mum is gay😂
Weji
🙏🏼Snapchat barley blessed me but this is what I needed
7:33 hint at mayweather fight?
That top tho, amazon is that you yeah?
Deji Is Back! That means real content is coming!!!!
Mans inner London came out 7:40
This whole video is emotional for me. Im so proud of deji
Weji👑
Mcbroom vs deji is pretty reasonable I will pay to watch that
Weji
4:28 Deji has a folder 📂 called "MUM IS GAY" on his desktop lol
Whoever is reading I hope you have a blessed day, because you deserve it 💕
gg
I'm so pleased, fam!👊🏾😬
Good to see weji back
Holy shit his forhead is still huge
WEJI
I’m so happy Deji is finally happy 🥹
Weji
deji should react to the wade concepts breakdown of the fight
Wedgie 👍🏻🤣
Feels good to see Deji with his biggest moments of his own life again…
HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!!
You still negative af
Weji man
Austinnnn👀👀👀
Just a friendly reminder that you ain’t you’ve lost 3 times to be exact :)
Grats again on your victory. If you're really fighting floyd then good for you, hopefully you learn a lot from that opportunity but make sure you don't get robbed like they did Logan.
We’re so proud of you Deji. 🥺❤️ Enjoy all of this, you’ve worked so hard.
Deji just threw some accurate killer shots. Training and hard work payed off. Ikini ku oriire🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾. Keep it going Deji show them who's edgy .
If they changed that shitty music in the first one it would be wholesome af  Love Deji 🎤🤘
"wait a billon kinda a lot" LMAO
Yes,To,by,Tahzeem,Zahra,Haider, Yes,Videos,News,YouTube,📹📹 Yes,thanks,your,giving,From,Love,My,Family, Yes,My,Best,Friends,Deji,💪,💪🏆🏆👨👏👏✌✌👍😂😂😂📹📹📱📹💻👍✌✌👏👑👏👏👆,👆,👆,👆,👆,👆,👆,👆,👆,
Unfortunately you still have a negative KD
Finally
U sure 💀🤣
Since u won ur match can u switch back to comedyshortsgamerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!
Love that deji is finally back, so happy to have you back
I like how he blurs out the f word but instantly says dhead God is good and hilarious to make deji
Weji
😂😂😂
Pls more content
You dropped this 👑🙇
This is the dude that is gonna beat mayweather. 😲
Dawg I almost cried, 1 min and 40 sec into the video 😭
"Let them dog on you" pause
Great video man keep on going, I think I think I can say on behalf of everybody that it feels great to see that you bounced back from the L’s you took and turned it into W’s. WEJIIII
If I haven't seen this man in the ring winning and showing skills I wouldn't be here today subscribing and watching.
❤️😩😭
Ayo dej if u reading this u gotta change it up to 15
Deji do a sidmen vid
WE NEED MORE CONTENT PLEASE DEJI I JUST FINISHED WATCHING ALL YOUR VIDS I NEED MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WEJI 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Deji I'm happy about your previous wwin, but don't forget the struggles before hand. You should be going into this more humble than any other creator.
need a deji and dunjah reunion
Got to hear dejis thoughts on tekken 8 trailer
Love how memes are ending now immortal queen NAH, deji 0-87 ???, what’s next?
That guy that said fousey was praying for deji is disrespectful to the religion of Islam
Love you Dej!!❤️
Weji !!
U beat Fousey and u think ur hot shit unbelievable lmao unbelievable I mean good for u for winning but u beat Fousey u didn’t beat Jake logan twood or anyone good in YouTube boxing u beat a man who got throshed by slim
Man like Deji👊🏻
That guy that said fousey was praying for deji is disrespectful to the religion of Islam
Let’s go Dejiiiii
Thanks deji you helped me a lot this year was best year for me I lost 12 kg in month and I got in boxing club and late next year I want to get my first amateur fight and I hope you see this comment I been taking w’s this year and if you like this will be the biggest w I ever had
Lets go Deji content!
I swear his record is like 3 loses 1 win 😂😂😂 far from undefeated
It’s good to see Deji uploading agian
Weji
Still 1-3 stfu
Man is a legend, gotta love him
My man is looking healthy 💪🏽
Big W
The 🐐 is back
can’t wait for next fight. 2-0 comin soon!!
Weji
Couple more years and he will have a forehead to rival his brothers
Today is my bday
Lol
This feels old
I miss this Nigga laugh
I don’t know much at all about Deji, but after watching this I definitely have lots of respect for him.
Hey Deji, I’ve always hated on you , but massive respect to you. The start of this video really made me smile. What a boss man, keep killing it in the ring. I’ll tune into your next fight👊🏻
4:07 - Whoever made that edit, your disrespectful !! I’m not Muslim, but I am a Sikh. I may be wrong, but it looks like Fousey is praying and the weirdo who made this edit, why? Before mocking something, you should find out what is happening or what is he doing. Praying is not a joke, it’s a way to communicate to your God and to show that you appreciate your God and believe in him. May God bless everyone who reads this and protect them from the Evil 🙏🏽❤️. Next time, before mocking something or making a joke about anything, please make sure you know what the person is doing and it has nothing to do with religion or God involvement. Thank you to anyone who read this❤️
Deji😀😀😀😀😀❤❤❤❤❤❤
You’re the man deji!
No rush but dej, we need music!🔥
hold my hands up i doubted Weji but in my heart i knew he would come up on top
finally man been so long. hope u keep uploading
We love you Dej! :D
4:29  MUM IS GAY       xD
ngl his hairline looks like its been eaten up by sharks
“Wedgie” he likes that🤨
Everyone: *Reads Title* “… who’s gonna tell him”
You know deji is back when your ears are exploding when he is laughing loud
Deji🔥🔥🔥
How my guy Deji gone from a nice looking trim to a trim that looks like man caves done 😂☠️
Nice vid
LETSGOOOO DEJIIIIII
After deji win I was so proud of deji and l started to work out because of him and I was tired of being weak so deji you expired me to work out
Proud of you man! 🖤
HES BACK TO CONQUER
I can't believe the ComedyShortsGamer here, ah piss off guy is fighting Floyd Mayweather.
The king weji is back always good to see u happy
Someone please drop the song name of 7:10
Bring back old deji
Honestly, Deji GG, but you did Fousey dirty. You coming from a losses and not giving him proper encouragement is so foul. You understand where he is the best, he clearly has mental health issues. Dont be a crappy winner as well.
Knowone gonna talk about Austin
WE NEED MORE CONTENT DEJI LETS GOOO
Undefeated
Weji
Don't get cocky
3:45 i really mis this kinda humor 😃
Play Fortnite
You beat a pumped up slow YouTuber, slow down son you’re still terrible
I can’t stop looking at his hairline
You do have a face of Iron, GG. Please keep the content coming
Been a while
londonese?
WEJI is it true that you’re fighting Mayweather?
W
Deji honestly I want you to know that your whole fan base was crying after you won!!!!! We love you!!!! I had to pause the video for a sec but I too cried Dej. It was not only a moment for you but a moment for your fans. With love and respect 🙏🏾.
W
❤️
I love you deji
KING!!!!!!!!!
U was tryna luagh😂
Guy wins one fight and thinks he’s Mike Tyson
W deji
Welcome home to YouTube deji
the brothers are now both in beast mode
I missed his laugh the most I can’t even lie to y’all
It’s 2022 and I’m still watch Comedyshortsgamer. Life is good.
8:45 can someone tell me the songs name?
For the last ten years, I've been a fan of your content. Keep being the inspiration you are, Deji!  Keep training and fighting!
The more you  win fights, the more the lose your hairline… tread carefully brotha
Ah the sound of deji laughing is a sound I genuinely missed
WEJI
Shut up go cry you only won one 1 fight and you think your cool and unstoppable 🤣😂😂
wanna see deji fight for the icb British title
YES MAN DEJU MY UNDEFEATED KING!!!!!
Yea
my man just caught a bag you can afford to drop bread on a line up my g😂😂😂
Daym  Weji's hairline looking like shikamaru
The way the drill beat came in🤣 proud of you deji👊🏽💫
Deji has always been at good entertaining his audience and we always going to support you no matter what.
This nigga won 1 fight and wants to fight arguably one of the greatest boxer of all time? I see another loss in Deji's book.
I love deji’s personality frfr😂
Been a long time since u was relevant😆 welcome back
Cmon weji  You cant lie  The 0-87 memes were kinda funny
yoo that hairline is mad💀 But anyways, we proud of u deji👍
WEJI
WEJI 🐐🐐
Got his first win now his undefeated what
3:54 HE'S BACK!!!!!!
FINALLY AFTER ONE YEAR MY BOY DEJI UPPLOADSSS
3:02
Damnn first vid almost made me cry 😭
Hey guys!!!! Comedyshortsgamer here smh they grow so fast 🥹😅
Austin Mcgroom😭
deji is so funny fr
King is back ! 👑
Deji could have beaten Vinnie Hacker and Alex Pussabi at a 2v1 when he is determined to win like against Fousey
Wegi
You know Deji’s feeling good when his titles are in capital letters again
Hope we can keep the same energy in the next fight
The energy is too good
Love Deji and I'm proud of him but his hairline is looking very scary
Deji I don't know why you got gassed, you beat a boxing bag.
The video at the end was crazy 🤣
"Anything is possible " yes it is you're fighting Mayweather
Ain’t heard bro’s laugh in a year
Common ComedyShortsGamer W
Forgot the as a pro don’t act like you ain’t get fucked up multiple times
Deji ‘s humble up forsure love you’re energy 🔥🥊
Nah go back training
Dude is just funny
WEJIIIII
Weji
I wish your hairline was too
So glad u r back!!
You are undeafted your 1/3🤣
Amazing to see you back Dej 🖤
I missed this guy man hes jokess 🤣great to see you back deji
Deji is in fact a London
Oh my god, dejis uploading, I’m so happy <3
Goddam it feels good seeing deji like this fr
8:39😂😂😂😂
Good to see you back ‼️
1W 3L's, the crowd congratulate you, but accept your L's as the same way you call undefeated which is a lie boy.. stay humble even upon winning after your also fake promises.. best of luck with the pro boxer that you will face soon..
Lets fuckn go Deji‼️
DEEEEEJJJJJJIIIIIIII
7:42 deji is fkn back I’m fkn gassed
I havent watched one of ur vids in so long i missed them forgot how entertaining u are.
Do a reaction vid of your fight and what you were thinking that night Weji!
watching deji say let them dog on you and smile brings back memories
Yooooooooo the KING IS BACK
a lot has changed about deji but one thing that never has is that clapped hairline lmao
NDL
Deji first thing first is that trim Needs to be done asap 😂
W deji
Deji finally!
WEJI
Mayweather vs olatunji 🥊
"I'm a londoner" 😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂
Dejiiiii
Deji is about to be 2-0 after he beat Floyd Mayweather
Welcome back Deji! Great to have you back making videos!
So glad to see a new video Deji, YouTube has been pretty boring
Glad seeing you back, Deji!
at 4:27 when his reddit screen goes to the side for a split second you can see his home screen and there a folder on the top left and it's named MUM IS GAY😂😂😂
You won't be after October
Deji this video is bringing nothing but joy and nostalgia. You’re actually inspiring on different levels. Keep going 💯💯✊
WEJI
It’s so good to see Deji laugh again
Glad to see he’s still our Deji
common Deji
let's go weji
isnt he 1-3?
seeing one of my childhood heros win is the best thing ever <3
yoooo them black girls going nuts about deji..ayeee hit them up 🤔😂 no more white girls for u sir....
whoever edited this vid awkward af lmao
1-3-0
Yes I’m sure I speak for a lot of people when I say I miss the videos and the energy hope I get to see much more vids in the future welcome back deji
WEJI
Also tbh if fousey was fighting instead of deji other guy, i think he might won, cause he also want it bad and put a lot of efort
Were back wit a dub w wejiiii
The win kinda teared me up tbh i love when the underdog wins but don't be too overly proud of yourself tho you need to win the next ones too  make the crowd go crazy again dayum son
Yo Deji can you make a video with Tank Junior
Wtf happen to the end
A piece of advice for you deji....... brush your hair
This feels so nostalgic
DEJS IS BACKMKMMMKNKKKKK
Still needs to stay grounded
Glad to see you uploading bruv
Ur the best man, been a fan of yours for ages
0:42 gave me goosebumps
Yess deji
The ending of the last edit killed me LMAO
CHAMMPPPPP
Wassup wit your hairline g
whats upp man miss you man so much
TANK
WWWWWWWWWWEJI
So amazing to watch this
deji vs Floyd looking forward to seeing that
The first video is enough to make a man cry
His voice changed
miss this fucking guy W dej 🐐
you got the dub but dont slack off man. we want you to keep winning
He's got a higher ko % than mike tyson, canelo, deontay wilder, Joshua
Deji you best be wearing those goggles at the charity match. It was the best part of that charity match for me.
More videos pls
Deji vs Pineda
My mans high asf 😂😂😂
DEJI IS FINALLY BACK! 😁😄
So happy for you
4:53, wtf
Welcome back deji!! We all have been waiting for this moment again
Yes Deji lad 💯
Aw mate so good to see you posting again 🙌🏽
Let’s go deji
He's undefeated
Petition for deji to grow an afro
To the people who don’t know how good it is that Deji gets an exhibition match with one of the best is INSANE! He gets to do something many only dream of and he gets to fight someone of such a boxing pedigree. It will sharpen his skill set even more than another 2-3  fights could provide.  Experience factor aside, he will get to say he faced one of the greats of boxing. Lifetime achievement unlocked.  To Deji, just do you. 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
They ain’t believe in us, GOD DID
I’ve been watching Deji since I was ten
WEJI
Don’t be getting overconfident now deji we need to see more wins from you first
THIS IS MY GOAT
Good to see that smile and that good energy around Deji. So happy for my man
Can tell he didnt know what the fuck was happening while watchin that last edit
A yo deji what's that hairline 😭
3:48-4:00 more of this Deji!! Love the confidence and the humor!!!
8:21
OLADEJIIIII
Weji
Its been time, brings me back to the good old times
They caption of this is cap
am i the only one who saw the MUM IS GAY folder 😂😅😅
The weji
WEJI'S BACK BOYS
I was smiling like the whole time 😊
Deji vs 20 would be so fire. Deji would definetely crumble under the pressure which makes it funny. The philly and jidion were so mid cause they justerte too good
W
0:45 they should added the interview with niko and fousey where he predicted it that fousey is all body only AHHAHAHAH
Deji should rematch with jake paul
well, overdefeated in the first half..
0:38 there is a hilarious joke here but im too tired and depressed to make it tbh..
WEJI
So proud of you man❤️ that was so wild 🔥
Deji: I am undefeated  Also Deji: loses 3 times in a row 💀
W
Weji inspirational
Weji The Wank
I want the link to that sleeveless hoodie
You beat Fousey, anyone can beat that jokeman, I’ll fight you and I show you how easy Fousey really was
Common W
Deji what do u think of tekken 8?
Deji hasn't uploaded for so long and he's still one of the funniest youtuber ever.
he too funny changed Deji
You can't lie 0-87 was hella funny
Deji just makes me laugh good vibes
YESSSS
The last one had my dying 🤣🤣🤣🤣
missed this man, even cried happy tears when you won weji
Goes back to YouTubing - he’s hairline is already back to squiggly line.
GOD BLESS
Deji va mayweather is gonna be the best fight of this generation
nah 4:22 😂 😂 😂
Floyd Mayweather next?
Weji
how is there 2000 comments at the time of commenting this and i haven’t seen one even mention the fact that COMEDYSHORTSGAMER is fighting FLOYD MAYWEATHER , we live in a simulation 😭
It feels real good to see you uploading!!
Now back to the gaming videos
Anybody know the song in the first clip? Ik it‘s sth with another love but don‘t know the other song
START A TWITCH DEJI
am i the only one who had a huge grin on there face fot this guy
Yeah I shouted so loud when you won. The sad thing is I was in a hospital car park so everyone was staring at me. But it was worth it hope you continue to do great things.
“Anything is possible” hint to deji fighting Floyd?
Jesus Saves, John 14:6 amen 🙏🏾
his confusion at the last clip was hilarious !
Missed Deji's laugh
now you've won a fight, can you go back to playing games now? Just one gaming video.... pleeeeeease!!
that piece of beardfluff be annoying
tank gang for life
HONSTE LEE IS BACK
Commenting so more people see that Deji is back. WEJI
I haven’t seen deji this happy for years 🙌🏾
We need a gaming vid with your dad 😂😂😂
I want the old intro back haha
I NEED THE ICONIC INTRO
To be honest. That hairline is the only thing you've lost....
W
TANK GANNNNG
PLEASE do a 20v1 - If enough of them leave, just dont post it LOL but give it a try because it has MASSIVE potential to be the best. Deji is potentially the only person who can top Filly's 20v1 for the crown of best 20v1 lool
Crazy how I grew up watching Deji making crazy unboxing videos, to boxing etc, it is amazing to see how far he’s come.
I’m dyinggg😭😭😩😩😩😩 it’s good to see him back and laughing again
Now you have to have one more fight. And then rematch jake
Nice Video ❤️💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
5:30
DEJI
Deji vs Mayweather?
Soooooooo Mayweather??
fat
Weji vs Floyd. NGL I got Floyd but I want Weji to do his thing and learn from the fight. Just don’t get koed
LETS GOOOOOOO (also get a haircut)
best redemption ever!!! now go smoke Mayweather!!!!
He's baaaaaaccckk
daamn i miss dejis laugh 🤣🤣
Deji doesn’t ever say how he’s moved out now, 99% of people still think he lives with his parents
I'm worried that single KO is going to go to his head. Stay focused man.
Welcome back 😎❤️
Deji it is time to let it go to your head a little. Enjoy what this means and continue the momentum. Don't settle! Not yet!
i missed that laugh man and those videos cmon man <3
7:18 Deji, clean yo desktop!
you are the best deji, no matter what life throw at you, NEVER EVER GIVE UP! let the whole world stand against you! You will Make It To The Top! seeing you since 2014! FUCKING CHAD ! YOU THE BEAST IN THIS ! MORE TO GO
Respect to you man 1. for not giving up  2. for the progress in your boxing!💪 3. for maturing the last year💪👍
deji vs salt papi next?
You'll lose your next fight (not to be like discouraging but i feel like it). Wish you the best man always but you'll lose the next fight 😭
The way I was screaming with my friends after seeing you absolutely DOMINATE Fousey and making him shut up made me and the boys day. Big Weji fr. 😂👍
wow
❤️
Held my tongue always waiting for your W Congratulations 🎉🎈🍾
Soooo no one rey mention what Austin did wtf ma nigga huhhhhhhh 4:56
Deji it's time for a cut 😂
we love you deji
WEJI ❤️
Good thing he’s not crying again in another vid
Glad to see deji back ngl been long since I sat and laughed at your video 👊🏼
4:20 I've missed this laugh for soooo long! :D <3
YES!
Mayweather
the iphone 14 released time to change it to iphone 15
Deji u lost 3 times
W
UPLOAD MORE PLSSSSSSSS
And now hes fighting Floyd😂
Mayweather 👀
i missed his laugh......
Proud of you
Hairline looking like a zig zag
Song at 7:08 ?
I’m getting old Deji vibes (:
Get a 6pack already
Dejis aura is nuts
We’re glad to have you back dej
Hey, Deji I don’t know if you will see or read this, but I want to say I am so proud of you. Second you have shown me not to ever give up no matter what, for the last couple of years I was dealing with depression, and suicidal thoughts, because I didn’t know where life would take me, but after seeing all your boxing matches, and where you are now, you have inspired me to get back up no matter what and never ever give up. You have no idea you are a legend, and you have impacted me so much.!
Great fight and what a way to end the video😂😂
W
Deji is literally the indomitable human spirit
deji deserves this gratification man, well done and be sure to even up the score
W
So proud of deji
WEJI IS BACK!!!!
My homepage has ways to get all kinds of gift cards for free
🧢
If you want to make money and trust us, there are tutorials on the home page.
Finally got a win
Dej
Don't worry Deji i always have supported you.Even thou you lost 1st 3 fights i still was rooting for you.And you finally won thats the real meaning of ,,NEVER GIVE UP" 😁👍
deji : Anythings possible in this youtube scene  also deji : fights floyd mayweather.
Welcome back!
The deji fans almost starved to death 💀
It's so fucking good to see you laugh, I always backed you and i can't be more happy, like idh words, hope to work hard and know you irl man
So proud of Deji. He's come a long way. I think we can all agree when I say that the Olatunji brothers are a force to be reckoned with. Everything they've gotten in life, they have deserved. I couldn't imagine anyone better to be at the top right now. Just seeing Deji smile warms my heart because I know how much this win meant to him. The TANK is reborn and I can't wait to see what he has in store for his next fights. A winner or loser, I was always with Deji no matter what. He definitely looks like he's gotten a lot of weight off his shoulders. He looks more focused and less all over the place like he has been in the past. The TANK is back stronger than ever as the NIGHTMARE dawns his ring once more.
Yesss 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Nup deji you are 1-3
It’s to have you back Deji!
DEJIIIII LETS GOOOOO
2-0 coming soon...
I PRAY WHO EVER READS THIS BECOMES SUCCESFUL IN LIFE
Literally 99% wont see this but Who ever sees this have a good day and stay safe
4:22 i miss when deji would laugh like that. Used to make me smile seeing him enjoying himself and im glad he got A W and proved everyone doubting him wrong.
Only people Who didnt Come from tiktok are worthy liking this
congrats to everyone Who is early and Who found this comment
I pray Who ever reads this becomes succesful in Life
Can't believe you're giving such a small fighter like Mayweather a chance to prove himself against you. Giving these less gifted boxers a chance.
glad you're back
I’m so happy that the new Deji with the integrity and motivation can still be his own self and make Reddit videos.
what the fuck was that last one 😭
aLRIGHT I dont wanna be the guy who said it but man's got a puffed up chest beating the lousiest boxer, Fousey.
nice
let's go deji. when you put in that hard work you will see your results
Your fighting record is worse than your hairline
WEJI🎉🎉
Finally deji is recording…..it’s been a long while
letsgo weji
Looked way better then when he fought in March
DEJI ACTUALLY UPLOADED???
Great to see him laugh
I’ve missed Deji’s laugh 🙏♥️
why deji just why. fight someone reasonable.
Finalllyyy
Certified Weji
I actually love Deji I just think he’s so wholesome
Your personality is so entertaining keep it up deji
6:35  "let them dog on you" Deji knew what he was doing here
U lost 2 fights weather they were real or not. Let's all cut this crap that he is undefeated.
7:39
He said “ticky tokys” Oh god
* i I’m undefeated
*THAT LAST EDIT HAD ME DYING WTF?!?! 😭🤣😂*
Really happy that you won Deji😃💙🙏🏽 you legend
I’ve always been a extreme fan of you on YouTube at first, loving your comedies skits and the personality you bring to the YouTube platform giving us the laughs and joys that we admire and sharing your stories throughout this platform. If I’m being honest, I didn’t really give that much attention to your boxing fights unlike some of your more dedicated fans like the one that your reacted to in this video but I was up on my seat (metaphorically) when watching your fight against Fousey and was so happy for you when you took the victory because I just saw what this win meant for you and how just how much work and effort you took behind the scenes to make this happen. You really showed the world what it means to “never give up” and keep striving no matter what and I really saw that. Thanks for the entertaining fight and I wish you all the best with your future career. All the best, Tony
7:42 had me dying🤣
Deji deserves to fight Mayweather
What do i hear about Floyd Mayweather!? Are you Mad?! You should Punch Jake first to the ground. There is a unfulfilled Duty here!
Deji did it
don’t get complacent
That last video had me dead😭😭😭😭
Hope you'll do more gaming videos/streams, especially BrawlHalla
Omg he’s upload 😂😂
Deji your just great... jesus...
Yoooo Deji vs Floyd can’t wait still can’t believe it’s happening
6:57 "aight lets get back to the video" lmaooo
W vid, W reddit, Weji
Play games again man
Btw deji which football team do you support?
mayweather better back out.. he don’t want the smoke
WEJI
ily deji but stfu u 1-3
Susstin mcbruh
Ppl in the comments gotta start becoming more creative, seeing to many "I think I speak for all of us" shit
You’ve gained so many fans throughout this. Massive W
Never judge the odds.
W wedji
that ending kinda awkward 😂😂😂
Let’s go your back ❤️‍🩹
dejis laugh is lethal
What do you mean, 'a lot of you guys message me asking me to upload' - no one's asking you to upload xD iykyk
He's fighting Floyd Mayweather!! What a story arch of a main character. Imagine him shoulder rolling and hitting floyd with a left and ko floyd. He should be made the king of UK.
Undefeated? Umm yeah, sure BUT.. first off I Do wanna say u looked good in the ring. But u beat Fouseytube. THE worst boxer in the whole scene. Isn’t it kinda embarrassing bragging and “celebrating” for being Him?! I can’t give too much credit until I see u fight someone that knows what he’s doing. Fousey has zero skill in boxing. And he can’t learn it. It’s just how it is.
W good to see him upload again
I missed that laugh
🙏🏽
nice
Weji
Well yes but actually no.
YES DEJII!!
"0-87" had me dying😭😭😭😭
Why u replay it 😆😆
Weji
Well done deji u truly deserved it, u worked very hard for it and despite all the hate and negitive u have received u put that aside and stayed positive through all of if well done deji
0-87 who said that 😂😂
I HAVE MISSED THIS GUY. MY FAV YOUTUBER!
Love the content but respectfully that hairline is crazzzzzzzy 😂😂😂
im proud mate, been watching for years. love your energy and laughter. keep up!!!!!!
WEJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
WE LOVE YOU DEJI
Nah ya hair is crazy
Unlocks a new laugh Deji: str8 back to the iconic laugh
Deji if you rly are fighting Floyd than don't try to just survive against him, even as you fan it's hard to see you winning, but I think you can at least prove something, you've lost alot lot, your first win n ow your fighting the best, give em at least one good pull counter
Good to see a vid from you again Deji 🐐
Missed the Classic Deji laugh
good to see you agian deji
The last time deji sat in that chair, he was 190+ pounds.. madness
W
Wait deji won 😯
so happy for you man..i was screaming my lungs out..
WHERES FOUSEY ATTTTTTT............ ON THE GROUNDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
W edits
Mayweather IS GONNA KNOCK YOU OUT
Deji vs Floyd Mayweather is going to be lightwork , the GOAT vs some 40 year old boomer .
You have no clue how much I missed this sound 4:22
Good to see him back
Weji
Undefeated means u haven’t lost u have lost before
Gibber vs deji  gib would win
Mayweather about to be 50-1
Jojo reference at the end
deli the goat
good that you're back but keep being in shape
deji just remember don’t get too comfortable when you get your next match Cause that’s a huge mistake I feel like you could make keep up the training 🎉
Really doesn't feel the same without Dunjahh next to him, unfortunate what happened to you two.
love you weji
damn that hairline is mad
8:43 that's a villain full on broken ready to kill
4:20 got me rolling😂
Deji is going back to doing youtube vids because he doesnt have to train for someone as small as floyd
DAMN ITS BEEN A LONG TIME
My guy training so hard he forgot how to make a video 😤😤🔥🔥
Man we missed you so much
Congrats on all ur achievemnts but challenging Floyd is pushing it.
yesss deji we love you!!!!
THE GOAT 🐐
Deji should've done a "Laughing at all the people who thought Fousey was going to win"
Ayo Floyd you watching
so wholesome
This video is so wholesome!! We miss your energy dawg 🫶🏼🫶🏼🫶🏼
Don’t lose focus 💯💯🦍
Weji💀
Deji actually has so much potential in boxing
Man said "I was born in London, I'm a London" on par with England is my city lmao
People really think Mayweather has a chance against the greatest boxer of all time Deji...
WEJI🐐
That short sleeve hoodie looking kinda drippy on you 🔥
OMG BACK TO DESK VIDEOS 2 4 7 NO DIFFERENCE
Deji's face throughout the last edit 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
every time i see clips of deji box i tear up
Why is he always laughing when talking serious 😅😂😂😂
omg i fucking missed him sooooooo muchhhhh
last edit is relatable
Love your energy!
Weji
❤️❤️
i miss that laugh lol
WEJI
Is it just me or did I always think deji had the better hairline out of him and deji now it just looks the same
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT AUSTIN MCBROOM
Ahh Deji we’ve missed u man, good to have u back 😌💙!!
Love seeing how proud of himself he is he deserves it
My man needs to start giving out awards some of these edits were fire
Deji-3-87.
luv u deji <3
Return of the King
He’s not undefeated 🤣
Imagine they all leave 😅😅 had me dying 😭 fr
Deji vs Mayweather gonna be crazy, Deji wins by annihilation!
He’s the definition of don’t give up and the fact that we were on the journey with him
seeing you smile makes it worth it ma boiii
Seeing deji on camera laughing and smiling again brings me great joy.
Let's goo deji
Finally back man
Deji getting bare tings after that W
Yooooooo
Happy you finally got a win
deji congrats on the dub i watched the fight i believed in you the whole time,  even though my friends did not agree. Anyways keep the uploads coming been watching you since 2014.
i heard harry hates being punched in the face xddd
I missed deji man 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Your telling me he lost his muscle cuz of a broken nose. Sorry, but you just give up after putting up such a battle, all of that for nothing ey fous, not Dejis problem you like to give up
the iphone 14 is out LMFAO
more vids needed!!!!
Best vid ever 😭😭
Missed ya dej fr
That exit at the end’s jokes lmfao
YES
Wejiiiiiiiii❤️
YOU ARE THAT GUY WEJI 💯💯🔥
How are you undefeated that's the first match you've one
do u have olatunji sister ? IT (she) would be a great wife
Does deji fight with contacts or no?
Nah mate you lost to Vinnie Hacker and Alex Wassabi, pro record might be clean but don't claim that you're undefeated
Deji really deserves to be proud of himself man I really love it when life goes from bad to good
Its amazing to see Deji happy again. Massive W for Weji
Nahhh he hinted the Floyd mayweather fight whenever he said anything is possible in the yt game and he had that look and said anything
About damn time!
Wejiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Pls postttt
Collab with speed
Why does Deji have a folder called 'MUM IS GAY' 🤣🤣  It shows on his desktop at around 4.29 lol
HIS HAIR😰😰😰😰
Might as well change your reddit name to WEJI
Deji is so mature man i just love the bloke
7:33 i think that confirms mayweather lol
Last Reddit post had me crying 😂😂
we're proud of you, we love you.
L haircut legend🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
FUCK YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS......BEEN WAITING ON THIS FOREVER DEJ
Ayyyyyyy he backkkkkkk
Wow fousey who cares he sucks
But fr YouTube getting too comfortable with these unskippable ads   This the 4th vid in a row
DEJI POST MOREE PLSSS
Finally something to watch on YouTube again
deji just gives off positive vibes
He uploaded :O
Weji
"ima London" 💀💀
anyone see the mum is gay folder
<3
Man like dejiiii
Fuck yaaaaaa!!!!
Deji’s trim is wigidy
You were defeated tho lol :)
Hey man don’t forget to pray and remember jesus loves you he died on the cross for you repent  if you don’t know how to search it up like this how can I repent how can I be save by God. Make sure to have faith in him and trust him and have a relationship with him<3
Yes deji back on YouTube yowie woiew I miss you on YouTube my friend welcome back to YouTube my favourite Youtuber deji and congratulations on your first boxing victory you derve it dude
Bruh that first video he watched nearly made me cry wtf
DEJIIIIiI IS BACK
ComedyShortsBoxer
wow
ijed
AND NOW HES FIGHTING MAYWEATHER! DOOD SO HAPPY AND PROUD OF YOU DEJI!! BIG UPS FOR MY MANS HERE
Man, it’s good to have you back Deji. Even if it isn’t for long
So when will you fight Mayweather.
The way deji is shocked throughout the whole last video
Nah man the hairline is yelling at me
the goat
welcome back Dej
WEJI IN THE CHAT
FINALLY
We waited for this moment so long❤😂😂very proud of this men
Please make some more videos with you mom and dad😂😅
Proud of you Weji!🔥
Deji's face throughout the last vid lmao🗿
Wow you beat a dude who doesn't know what defense is ..... U even call it and ez fight ....what a joke
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOO DEJI MAKIN VIDEOS AGAIN WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, fight was mad tho good shit deji you made millions on millions proud we love you man
This video may have been dejis first video in a while, and it's still a banger
The goat
I aint a watter
About to get clapped by Floyd
THE GOAT ABOUT TO DESTROY MAYWEATHER!
4:22 i missed this laugh hahahaha
Weji
I can beat you in Tekken 8..   Your Hwoarang vs My Jin Kazama.
YESSS THE OLD DEJI IS BACKK!!go champ
WEJI
bros getting ahead of himself
finally
1-3
OMG FINALLY DONT STOP UPPLOADING!!!
Weji
this makes me so happy
He ain't back, he is preparing for the May Weather fight
NA U GOTTA DO 20V1 DEJI COME ON
weji
Deji making a content video is a bigger deal to me than Deji getting the W. Damn, I missed this guy's content.
The guy was so lost from the last edit he ended the vid 🤣🤣🤣
Doused off the steroids n loses all his gains lol Im weak
Massive w just Yeah man everything is a w right now man
1-3 is not undefeated 💀
Play tekken
To have a notification from deji is amazing!
Bet he gets over confident and starts to lose again
Vergil Ortiz is foreal
get this guy a youtube w
YES DEJI UPLOADED. IM SO HAPPY
The goat is back
so proud of you, been watching you fight since ur first, amazing to see you win💪
6:42 FK fake friends  Don't trust, don't feed the fire to anyone, never give up, believe in yourself or you will be destroyed inside and out
That Hairline looking like a Mountain Range silhouette 😂         Weji
Deji literally malfunctioned at the absurdity of the last edit ☠️
Now get back together with Dounja pls.
Deji you should start stream
Videos with dad and mom pls
Do more Reddit vids deji
8:39 this is SO COLD
W
How are u undefeated if that’s your first and only win vs all the losses u have had and u fought someone who can’t fight
i’m so proud and happy for deji for winning but he’s won 1 fight and he’s getting a little cocky it seems
DEJIIIIIII OIII IIIIIIII AN UPLOAAAAAAAAD
big boy dejiii
If deji lasts all rounds and gets some Blows on mayweather That’s a W for me
1-3 but okay
A FUCKING MISSED DEJI'S LAUGH🤣🤣
Glad you are back Deji
You don't have to upload, if focusing is what you need to win the next match..pls do so <3
LETS GOOOOO
The last edit was madness
weji
Is good to be happy about it but u have to move on u got another fight coming up so take this serious if u really want to be proud of yourself
Best fight of the entire night. Should have been main event!
Nah ur hairline is clapped fam get a line up
Cant believe hes fighting floyd
My man Deji is BACK
Mayweather brave for fighting this Unit 💪
This vid man, wow 😭😭😭😭
After so many days he finally remember he is a youtuber also
the ending video i’m dead 😂
Not taking anything away from deji but remember he won against someone who blocks punches with his face, it’s like two terrible fighter just one is less terrible than the other
WEJI
lesss go deji is back!!! pls dont stop making videos
4:28 deji why do you have a file that says mom is gay🤣
Mf is back
I miss this...
Whilst on an arduous pony trek in a far distant land I stopped off at an inn. I stabled my pony, settled down at a window seat and ordered the mixed grill. A local approached me and accused me of sitting in his place. I dismissed him. The innkeeper approached and also accused me, I dismissed him. The chef approached and accused me. I dismissed him. I should not have dismissed him. For when my mixed grille it arrived, not only was it underdone, it was also my pony. Sometimes you should think before you speak.
goat
Denis back🔥🔥🔥
Deji vs HStikkytokky?
No ur not
Gotta love Deji’s energy 😁🏆
4:40 Fousey was probably taking PED's and post fight stopped the cycle which led to muscle loss. Makes sense with deji not wanting to address
so happy to see ur making vids again; you have brightened my day!! Go and knockout Mayweather for us!!
Deji is an accounting genius
We need a wasabi rematch ong
I can’t wait to see him fight Floyd next if it is confirmed
Time to repost No L’s
3:58 good to hear Dejis laugh again :)
Now just keep focus and keep winning
ComedyShortsGamer is back! TANK bloke and all! 3:49 I have missed that laugh!
Welcome BACKKK DEJI
Calm down big man, you only have 1 win
3:04 the facts he admitted that he was taking the piss W Deji😂😂😂😂
Deji we’re all so proud of you my g, but what is that hairline doing 😂😂😂
peoples proud of u, but dont be star syndrome dude wtf, jake paul had more mentally than u deji.
but you gotta admit the Deji 0-87 meme was really funny lmao. back then you didn't win so we had to get our fun from these memes. now that you're Weji, we can laugh With you and not at you. and that's even better :)
Nah man me reading I am undefeated he gassed he’s only won 1 now he thinks he the best wow
Dejis laugh is so fucking contagious.
You need to start uploading again deji it’s good to see your content again it’s been awhile since I’ve laughed like that this. :)
the way he said "deji we are f*ing proud of you" then he swears lol
I miss that original Deji laugh
Deji vs Slim  Deji vs mcbroom  Deji vs Dani’s  Deji vs mcgregor
Now you just cocky. You literally won one time and you say you undefeated.... cringe deji
WELCOME BACK WEJI
That girls reaction made me nearly cry 😂😢😅
Well no but technically yes
From ComedyShortsGamer to DEJI
The king has returned
Deji actually 3-0 to be honest
Let's go the goat is back
Weji
Now he’s fighting mayweather 💀💀
Yo
Wham!
🐐
Love you deji
:)
4:56
I PRAY YOU GET BACK INTO doing video content more often!! I missed the deji vids! You literally always make me laugh my guy hahaha!!!!!!😂 Congratulations on that amazing win!!!!!
Get Jon to do a YouTube setup at your apartment
Love deji as always
NAAH this was funny asf, keep doing videos more vids
YES DEJI
Deji do more kfc videos
Yes please be consistent in posting
I love how this Deji currently has NO IDEA how much his life is going to change with that Floyd match.
So tell me deji what the hell were you thinking
4:21 this laugh just hits different hearing again
11:33 I was the exact same lmao
congrats on the win!
It feels good to be a winner
4:29 nice desktop Deji
We proud of you DEJI!
Question is, how does this affect Lebron’s legacy?
You fighting mayweather ?
loved this i wish he posted in like few days so his reddit would be filled with mayweather stuff
Nerd
goat...
Damn the first edit got me crying!! What a video whoever made it thank you!!legend. Soo proud of you dej! Ok back to the video uff emotions
Homies back
LIKE THE VIDEO
Weji
DEJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
MY MANSSS BACK!!!! Congrats on your W again, hope to see more soon🫶
Deji it’s so great to see your first win. I just hope you don’t let all the compliments stop you from trying your hardest in training
Man fought a punching bag
That hairline do
Finally new video! Guys lets make Deji React to his Skill Breakdown. Video on my channel. If my Video does not impress you, feel free to hit dislike!
We need more Reddit content :)
nah don't upload just win
Look at that fucking smile. You deserve it my guy, kept getting back into it and really put in the work and it clearly showed. I bet you feel like you could take on the world. You’re definitely up there as one of the best YouTube boxers
Deji pls I beg u do at least 1 time a week
WEJI WEJI WEJI WEJI WEJI
No fucking way this guy fell of and magically came back 😂😂
Deji Before You Fight Mayweather Fight Bryce
Muscles don’t just disappear like that after a few weeks, not unless they were attained legitimately, fousey may have been on steroids
Weji❤️❤️
Weji
Deji with all due respect....Fix that hairline LOL
Tf was that last video?😭😭
Why i was tearing up watching this Lmao Deji really has our hearts
Dej killed me with.  “People were telling me I was gonna be 0-87” 😂😂😂
Please do another fortnite video the way you used to rage was jokes
its the growth for me
Deji vs floyd is confirmed
Love you deji but hairline is a 2d world upside down
Come on deji make more vids you stole the show
Weji you have to do the 20v1 it would be GOATED
man like deji
People: You waited for deji? Me: of course 🥺🥲
the ending 💀
The goat
Deji u ain’t yeah but ur upload schedule is lmao
FINALLY ACTUALLY CONTENT
We R Proud Of U, Old Deji Is Back
FINALLY DEJI WE LOVE TO SEE UR FACE PLS UPLOAD MORE!
Yesss letsss gooo
It is good that u R Back Dej
Wedgie is my favourite youtuber💯
I was betting 20$ on deji and 5$ on fousey the whole time 😭
happy to see man uploading
YES DEJIIIIII
Deji my boy yessssssssssss king👑
13:57 why did that get me so bad? 😂💀
That was so refreshing
Congratulations man 🔥❤️
4:23 i miss This laugh
Undefeated🤣😂😂😂😂 ok buddy u mean 1-3
Deji have really matured due to his reaction of the last video, he didn't laugh at all. Man has evolved.
yay
Confident deji different
You are the great example of not giving up, you inspired thousands
Fight Jake at this point
If I knew Deji would come back after winning I would have stepped in the ring and let him knock me out immediately
Weji but that hairline is a Leji…
Very easy to fall back into habits when returning to the source of the problem, hope he’s getting some runs in
They took playing catch with their son to a whole new level
Where playtime putto lol?
Weji but that hairline is a Leji…
WEJI
That last video was…. Something 😐😆
Weji in the flesh
Got to change it to 1-87 now 😂
Deji to KO Floyd Mayweather
1 round floyd fight incoming
Weji
l's taken by deji shaped him to be the person he is today.
glad to see him making content again
Don’t fight Floyd please
From winning at a sold out O2 arena to still wearing Amazon clothes my guy
Let's get some more wins first
WEJIIII🔥🔥🔥
Deji is the living embodiment of the phrase "never give up"
Comedy shorts gamer
PRETTY SURE I SPEAK FOR EVERYONE WHEN I SAY WE ARE PROUD OF YOU DEJI AND SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU GET YOUR FIRST W
The King is back!
Finally deji is back recording also just seeing him smile in this video just seems so rewarding for us and deji himself Well done man
*12:28** NO WAY HE REACTED TO MY VID ☠️☠️he was too stunned to speak 😭*
You’ve had 1 fight, calm down u lil shit nugget
Nah that Austin clip is insane.
WEJI
Deji Should Rematch Wassabi that would be a great fight
ay, he's back!
YES
I have always loved dedji
what a chad
If you beat mayweather I’ll go bald
It is lovely to see how much joy there is on his face I've missed you big man
resubbed, goat.
W
Weji
Welcome back man 👑
Finally the goat has uploaded🐐
w
WEJI
WEJIIIIIIIIIII
20v1 has to happen
uh yeah yeah
When I say Deji proved Everyone wrong I mean everyone. Cause I even though Deji was going to lose but I was wrong. Everyone was thinking how he's going to win and this is exactly how. You the man Deji keep it up
Undefeated?🥶
We r all thinkin this:⬇️       Floyd mayweather…..really…….ur finished in this game
We don’t take no L’s
start streaming again
Weji
Like deji is actually a incredibly good technical boxer, he just need to believe in himself
2:01 I wish he just said london sacmmer
WEJI LESS GOOO
You made us Proud DEJI
Deji I bet it $20 on you and I lost
Yo that girl is a real fan on god u need to post that on your insta or Reddit 💯💯💯
That video at the start was insane. We are proud of you deji! I was getting hyped when the crowd was when you went in fully with all the jabs & hits.
yo that clip of Austin wtv
Yaa upload more often
WEJI, go to your last vid before the fight. My comment's there. KNEW YOU COULD DO IT
But deji’s forehead is low key massive
HES BACK
Deji being happy makes me happy
I was looking forward to 0-87 =/
What the Fuck was that last one
Hi deji i love your videos and your brothers videos to kings 👑👑
Weji weji weji  My man gon knockout mayweather..😏
Idk if that title fits u
Dubs on Dubs
Love seeing this guys smile, always wanted to see him truly happy and confident, watched for so many years and this is the first time I think we are seeing Deji for all that he is. The hardest, untouchable mindset on YouTube.
You made us proud, man. Big man like Deji.
4:21 I've missed dejis laugh so much
W
tank gang
Anything is possible  Yup deji will fight floyd mayweather in a exhibition match
He actually won - props to u deji
Damn man the screaming lady made my cry, congratulations again Deji
Deji has inspired everyone to never give up!
ooooh Floyd's in for some trouble!
whats the first song guys??
Hell yeh, the champ is back!!!
he’s baaack😈
When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the greatest change!
Is he really fighting Floyd?
That smile that formed on his face in the first clip was heartwarming
Deji wud still get battered by vinnie and wasabi. W over fousey don’t mean shit, it’s like beating up a special Ed kid at school.
Champion is back.
Crazy how the best boxer of all time is fighting Mayweather
Everything is possible. Im sure this is old record. Coz we are gonna see deji vs floyd
mayweather, deji's coming for u 😈
Uploaded moreee pls
Weji as per
calling yourself out is a good thing to do im so proud but remember to humble yourself my G. you seem more relaxed and not trying to impress people.
4:21 The iconic laugh is back💀
Finally
DEJI’s BACK!!😭😭could make a grown man crie
2:43 lmfaoooooooo
Lol
W incoming for deji vs mayweather
Inspiration
1-3
that last edit had me dead ngl
Weji
Big up deji, my man motivational king 👑
lfg💪🏽
Is he not gonna talk about the Mayweather announcement? 👀
Weji
Would love for some more Deji Reddit videos
Hearing Deji talk like a man and smile instead of screaming like the boy he was not even a year ago. Not one Suck your mom. Honestly it’s refreshing and you can tell he’s grown up alot
first time being early on a deji video 🤨
weji
So proud of you!
The Deji trim back
Bruh deji how many ads u put on this vid 🤣😭
you're too goated
Proud of you weji
OKG ITS DEJIIIIIIIII
Hi
Lets go Weji 🥊
Yea sirrrr weji!!!
LFG DEJI ❤️❤️❤️
4:29 you can see in dejis desktop theres a folder called MUM IS GAY
4:22 it feels so good hearing Deji laugh like this again 😭
Deji 🔥
Deji I am so happy for you! I wanted you to win so bad but I honestly had some doubts. You proved everyone wrong! Congratulations you looked great out there. It was the best fight of the night
Good to see u back deji
Get waves
Deji i love you congrats on everething you have you deserve this moment and even more
😎DEJI💪
I want to become a doctor and I won't give up like Deji. ❤️
Confidence and a positive mindset looks good on Deji
Weji is back
They should update it to 1 win 3 loses
No Jamaican outro anymore 😕😔😔
FINALLY 🫶🏼
wait so how come al his L's are gone and he is now undefeated. did the other fights not count toward his record for some reason
I was having a rough day this really did help change that
Glad your back 🎉🎉
Like this new style ngl for Weji
Weji
Weji W
If fouseys lost physique that fast, he was on gear.
He is baaaack
I can’t believe an amateur inexperienced boxer like Floyd Mayweather is going up against the unbeatable GOAT Weji
Bunch of virgins
w
Deji forgot to say btw Floyd you fighting the goat. Undefeated
I got so fuckin' hype during your fight, so proud of you man! Just love seeing you so happy after the fight, you've really earned it.
Weji
Now now... let's not get carried away
I'm so happy for you Deji. Unfortunately, a lot of people doubted you. You can see people congratulating you on reddit, but before the fight, literally everyone was dissing and did not have any faith in you. Reddit was a disaster before the fight, a lot of negativity on there. Shows the difference between real and fake fans.
What’s the folder called “mum is gay” 4:29 🤣
gonna be 1-1 soon lmao (floyd fight )
Everyone needs to pimp on dejis Reddit now
Ngl you need another haircut lol
8:40 GOT ME IN TEARS
WEJIII!!
GOAT
The last edit 😂😂😂
Lesgooo finally a reddit
Deji v Mcbroom?
Is it me, or does Deji seem mentally different?
4:29 "mum" "mum is gay" folders xD But GG Dej. Well done!
W
Success is the best revenge
We’ll done deji for getting the w against fousey
So proud of deji🔥
That last edit tho
Deji alot of ppl had the same reaction as that girl. Thank you. Fr goated
bros trim😭
I mean.. it was Fousey. 😅
Are you actually fighting Mayweather?
we got to make 20 VS DEJI
Bruh the title 😂😂😂😂
Keep it up Weji we love you <3
When will you box Floyd Mayweather
W
w deji
GUESS WHO'S BACK
the edits were all crazy love em so much
Weji
lowkey need to put music in the background
NO WE DONT TAKE NO L’s LETS GOO
I hope if there is a press conference it isn’t cringe. Only worry I have
about darn time
So you’ve got one win and you think you can beat the 51-0 ??
Floyd mayweather?
Weji is a 🐐
Man I missed Dejis videos
that last fucking clip was too funny 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I really hope deji keeps recording videos like this cause we miss this content
you guys dont understand how happy this makes deji. good to see him winning
What happened to comedyshortgamer
Finally
reality 😈
Glad you won deji we all proud of you. Just don't pull an Austin and let that one win get to your head stay focused and win more
GO GET FLOYD UNDEFEATED VS UNDEFEATED
Everything about Deji has matured except his laugh and I’m so happy about that
Love Deji but he needs to hire a personal barber
Deji 1 Vs 20 would be mad
83k views 19k likes. nice
Proud of you deji 👏
20 vs 1 deji would be the best video
what was the last edit?? lmao
Love you dej
Not gonna address the MayWeather rumors? Lmao
YEAAAAHHHHH FINALLY
Weji in somali means face lol
Not the casting couch in the background!
4:29 he has a folder on top left called "mum is gay"😂😂😂
Deji v mike Tyson next
You are INEVITABLE
mutch love man
Deji in his prime now
WEJI IS UPLOADING AGAIN!!!
Clapped hairline
the last clap had him speechless
love that deji came back to a Reddit video, a good throwback
4:22 i missed his laugh🤣🤣🤣🤣
Weji but your haircut clapped
Weji
Let's go  deji
Big w
As much as I love Deji, he can‘t step in the ring with mayweather. That is DANGEROUS
I missed the laugh tho 😂😂
7:31 damn imagine if deji fought mayweather?
Finally yooo today i watched you all day hoping for you to uploud.
where are the rage videos
AFTER SO LONG IM ACTUALLY ENJOYINH A DEJI VIDEO AND ITS LITERALLY BCS HES JUST CONTENT AND HAPPY AND THAT ENERGY IS WHAG WE ALL LOVE
Deji is so inspiring and the living example of “NEVER GIVE UP”
Deji make skits if u have time manpp😃
WEJI
Made me smike
My boy is back
His hairline tho
Better train hard for mayweather
WEJI
Congratulations keep up the good work 💪
oi deji stay on the reddit vids
Finally DEJI is getting the love he deserves frfr
Petition for Deji to do 20 girls vs 1 Deji
Yo deji reply man, wassup how you been?
deji iphone 14 is out you need to put it to 15
WEJI
That hairline wild
MAN I MISSED DEJI’S REDDIT VIDEOS
Letssss gooooo can’t wait for more videos
Deji looking wham
Like if Weji will knock mayweather out
Nah you gotta get in touch with ellaxo3 that support is amazing.
Deji please play Tekken 8 when it releases 😪
hahaha even if it's a billion 😉😉
Deji is just such a vibe. Please upload more vids🔥
Best boxer
Awooga deji deji
We love you
I'm smiling throughout the video
Yo
I AM DILUSIONAL
Love you man
Weji is Back!!!!
Seeing a new Deji video is so weird 😂😂
7:34 REALLYYYYYY????
look at how God has blessed our boy
My guy won one fight and thinks he’s good now
its been a while LET'S GO
6:22 I will use this as my motivation to start rapping
i honestly cried that night in front of my dad which is a big no no but couldnt help it was so happy for you my man!
Dejis boxing career is now gonna be 📈📈📈📈📈📈📈📈
Was Fousey on roids!?!??? Lmaoo
Ive been pissed that this guy hasnt been posting and im still mad while watching this.
Legend
WEJI!!!
deji back recording finally
nah that last clip was way to much with the edits L Clip
How i miss this
👑
Hard work, training, never giving up is the embodiment of Deji.
Im a big fan Deji, Please celebrate your W by Bringing  Dounjah back aswell ❤️
Here for 1.3k!!!
AAYYY HE'S BACK !!
so so so proud of u deji fr
Deji 2-0 soon.
Let’s go dej
I got here as soon as it posted
I’m so fucking happy this mf recorcing Deji please drop a video on tekken 8 got announced few days ago
"I knew what I was doin im a dickhead for that" 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fousey is terrible at boxing lol
Icl the Austin one was low even for u
You should let Kon do your set up at your place so you can do more videos!
Old Deji is back !!!!!
WEJI
pause at 4:29 there is a folder named : MUM IS GAY   HAHAHA
deji actually uploaded a regular video, i cried the whole video
Deji make vlogs again
The king is back on YouTube!!!
your the best weji
DEJIIIIIIIIIII
Congrats on the win Deji!! Lets goo!!
WEJI
DEJI THE GOAT
I'm not gonna lie, his reactions are all genuine and I like it
WEJI
Just felt like being the top comment🤷‍♂️
That first edit is so cold
Is this a dream?  Deji’s uploading for real
Naruto is shaking in his boots lol mad respect though
Do not get to hyped!!!! Stay calm like you were with Fousey. W Mans! 👌🏿🔥
glad to see another video from you deji!
yooo finally got a w
Back at it again, with an amazing banger video, I’ve seen in a long time. Mad props, respect and love to Deji.  This YouTuber, brings me true happiness, anytime I watch his old and new videos. Keep it up, my goat !!!
Deji making a vid. Crazy
Weji❤️
I was legit cryin when u won
that girls reaction was the same way me and my girl reacted we are soo proud of you man
I couldn't hold in my tears when deji was talking about the part where people were calling him losers
The goat is back!
W
Deji had to end the video after that last weird ass edit ngl im traumatized
11:30 there’s your next GF dej.
Weji
We love you Deji
Won’t lie this videos made me remember the former Deji , this man stil looks the same , except he got the w this time ❤️
Cheesin thru out the whole video 😆🫡
Weji
We love you man! Congrats on the W!
DEJI SAYS "BRUH" NOW 😂😂😂😂
My G is back lessgooo💪💪💪
Love you deji from saudi arabia
So proud WEJI❤️🙌🏻
i feel like a proud dad right now lmaoaoaoaoaoao
banger vid
Nooooo if you have to fight Floyd. TRAIN
Weji
4:18 best part of the vid
SO PROUD OF YOU LAD!
Someone going to take that annoying white fluff off
The person that made 0-87 meme was probably so happy for Deji to win
Weji 👑 ❤️
Deji your hairline is looking pretty dangerous 😬
I Was Here! 60,739 views
Yo shoutout to Comedy Shorts Gamer for helping deji out. A real one
Iphone14 big up the old vids bruh
That laugh .... Missed it man... 😂😂   Proud of you brahhh... 💜
DEJI HAS RETURN  WELL I JUST NEED 1K SUBSCRIBER
Yeyeyyeyeue
Deji is Back!!!!
Deji is about to deliver mayweather’s first L      50-1
If Deji has a million fans, I am one of them, if Deji has 5 fans, I am one of them,  if Deji has 1 fan, that one is me, if Deji has no fans, I'm no longer alive, if the world is against Deji I'm against the world, till my last breath I'll support Deji.
we need the mum and dad reactions again
I got chills watching this, love to see it,  proud of you Weji
Deji the G
Why does deji keep lpoking at the camera like that 😭😭 1:38
Deji is the goat
HAPPY TO SEE DEJI BACK🎉
This is weird, who is this dude new person ass
4:22 mans unlocked another laugh
We love you deji❤️❤️❤️
THE KING IS BACK
I replayed 4:17 like 17 times
1:20 goosebumps
I heard you are fighting floyd mayweather,don't go to hard on him because you might knock him out
hope this doesnt inflate his ego too much
it dont take balls to get in the ring stop it. It only takes balls to step in a ring with a legit professional fighter cause they the ones to give you that shot that can change your life. you youtubers going against other youtubers who are not skilled enough to throw those punches for money and attention. there is a difference when saying you got balls to step in the ring.
4:21 INSTANT DOPAMINE! That laugh is so nostalgic
the way he said "annything" confirmed he bout to box floyd 🤣🤣
Dude how did you get am exhibition with Floyd Mayweather? Thats awesome Deji
big ups to Deji, but i have never seen such a crooked hairline, like what happened?
man got me tearing up on the second post
Deji we need more wssss
WE NEED MORE CONTENT DEJI LETS GOOO
It’s good to see you back deji!
Deji vs Floyd Mayweather is crazyyy
W
trim ? jkjk
Alex wasabi vs  deji 2 lets gooo now u will wope his ass
That hairline is crazy
I miss Deji vids
My G Deji
W
WEJIIIIII
Me seeing the title: are you sure about that  Me watching the video: yeah you right
the king is back fr
stone cold : wat?
Imagine speed and deji at the charity match 💀💀
YOOO DEJI ILYSMM CONGRATULATIONS ON THE WIN WE'RE ALL SO PROUD OF YOU<333
Good to see you upload dude :)
Been watching since the scary game lets plays. I'm so happy for you Deji. You deserve nothing short of the world, considering what you been through. You are the only person on this platform that has been completely transparent and genuine. Big ups.
We need him to talk about the Floyd exhibition
The way Deji did that thing with his eye had me dying 😅😅😅
Congrats WEJI missed this so muchhhhh❤️
Weji been a long fan since 2014. Your performance was brilliant coming from someone who doubted you.
W
We love you deji!
4:29 I wonder what's in the "MUM IS GAY" folder
how i missed this laugh
6:33 Deji with the truth 💯 Keep inspiring CSG
Love to see him upload again ❤️
FINALLY DEJI MAKES A VID ON HIS SET UP
Really nice to see you back
Deji's laugh is crazier than much before I love it
Deji the Goat
I’m happy for Deji to fight Mayweather but personally for me it don’t make sense I know it’s a exhibition but I’d rather see Deji fighting Bryce Hall or Joe Weller, maybe a Alex Wassabi rematch?
Is it just me that thinks his voice is hella deep
Aye since u back u should play tekken again tekken 8 just revealed gameplay.
Remember Deji, just cause you got a dub doesn’t mean you can get complacent now. Keep on that grind, keep taking them wins home and let’s keep this win streak going!
The G.O.A.T of boxing vs mayweather 50-1 incoming
You know Deji wanted to speak about Fousey taking PED's so badly 😂
Hey guys itscomedyshortsgamer here
deji matureddd so much
yup he said new vid that means scary games
Deji confirm if you are actually In talks to fight Floyd mayweatber
WEJI ♥👑
i love watching you guys you always make my day better!
this video gave me old deji vibes so amazing
Deji's Laugh gave me life again
missed you deji
Missed deji's laugh oml😭
Do more Reddit videos
MAKE MORE VIDEOSSSSSS MISSING YOU
soooooo happy to see you deji!!! welcome back!!!! ❤❤
4:30 Mum is Gay?
Apart from being defeated multiple times
Pretty sad to find out dazn and misfits lied to us by telling us all the fights were professional
icl u need to add some background music
finally deji. good luck against floyd mayweather though, you're gonna need it
Floyd Floyd Floyd what is you doing
4:22 for you to be happy :)
Grrrtt
Weji
Best boxer of all time about to fight Floyd Mayweather
Tikitokies 😂😂😂
I just had KFC and I feel amazing
True
Never seen a professional fighter go from someone like fousey to Floyd 😂😂 welcome to 2022
wasap its deji
were so proud of you man.
7:18 u know my man hasn't played a single game on his pc for a while when "crab game" is still installed 💀
loved “mum is gay” folder at 4:30
He might've got a win but that hairline still a L
Yo deji dont stop training
After all the hate he's gotten, he never gave up and he gave it his all and got his W, were all proud of you Weji 👏👏👏👏👏
Deji been saying "bruh" a lot
GOW ARE YOU FIGHTING MONEY  MAY WEATHER
Just unsubed
U fighting floyd
whoever edit this video, please make the shaking more smooth.
YOU DIDNT SAY TAKE CARE AT THE END OF THE VIDEO…💔😭
Congratulations for the W!🏆 I have missed that laugh of yours!🤣 Damn straight!
We need more Reddit vids fasho!
You fighting Floyd Mayweather?
It was a different  deji in that ring
deji got his first W but took an L with the receding hairline
Deji is the goat now
YEEEASSSSS
is it me or deji voice has gotten deep?
old deji is the best deji
Common deji w
This making me smile
Deji, you don’t know how proud I am of you! You’ve come such a long way and never gave up! When you got the win I damn near cried of joy! Keep up the amazing work! You’re gonna keep doing amazing things I know it! 🫶🏽💪🏽🔥💕looking forward to the next W
great to see you back <3
We really missed that laugh and smile
WEJI❤
oh man i miss his goofy ahh laugh haha so proud of him its all up from here deji
So good and happy to see deji making reddit vid. Weji!!
Deji you rock man you made everyone proud and you made yourself proud
Common deji W
Weji really deserves all of this. It makes me happy to see him happy and succeed :’). Man really proved others wrong and that is a massive W, it honestly motivates me to grind aswell. So many people doubted him yet he still succeeded
Undefeated? Wat lol
Congrats on the W Deji, We're all proud of you!
I was literally crying when he won
YESSSS HES BACKKK
U deserve wayy more weji best of luck
Deji is The kinda guy who would annoy Squidward
Wedji winning it’s the best flipping thing in the world I actually nearly cried as well wedji you’ve done flipping spectacular my guy
that last part was so mad
Good stuff Weji.  Now get back on the horse and get the best YT boxing record 😈
50-1
Finally, hopefully he comes back to YouTube for good
FINALLY THE GOAT DEJI MAKES A NORMAL VIDEO AFTER A YEAR!!!
Weji
Yea finally
Finally a little bit of the old deji videos.
LETS GO COMEDY SHORTS DEJI IS BACK
Weji
DEJII
Hello there
Glad to see Deji actually making a Video
w
hi
That last edit was actually jokes 😭😭
I missed you so much man. Much love.
Weji
Wassup
Deji you are a legend my god bless you
THE GOAT 🐐
please make more vids now deji 2-3 a week we want your vids back, try not to laughs etc :(
Weji
Upload More deji, we missed u
🐐 ❤️
"Tank never gives Up!" - DEJI 2022
manlike deji back to making videos
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Man I miss this
WEJI WEJI WEJI
First time being this early🙏
i love you so much deji. respect. glad you won. allways supported you even when you were 0 and 3. you motivate me so much not to give up on myself. thank you.
He said 0-87
Deji keep uploading pls
DEJEKFLWODLDKEKDKDK YOOYOYOYOYOYO HES BAAACKK
FINALLY
You told us you weren't going to give up - and you delivered. I think I can speak for all of us when I say we're so proud of you man ❤️
Dejis laugh at 4:21 😂😂😂 n how did fousey lose all that muscle the 6 pack and everything in a Spane of a week
sup deji
🐐🐐❤❤
I swear I cried when you won man , ever since you and jake Paul fought I always believed in you deji I’m so proud of you .
The 👑 is back
legend ❤️
Mayweather doesn't know what's coming
Finally
4:21 that laugh finished me off
We need more videos! Plsss
Finally make more content please
Yessir let’s go deji never give up
Change it to iPhone 15 cause the 14 is out😭
insanely proud! believed in him from the start
Finally , comedyshortgamer return.
WEJIIIIII
Finally a video ive been waiting 😂
Weji!
Deji with is Amazon sportswear 🤣🤣
Be respect on you fighting mayweather great experience. I always said you slip punches like him, but I guess you decided to get a better look lmao.
Welcome back deji❤️
6:20 damn man, I would say the same
you've no idea how happy you've made us deji 👊🏽✨
and now he is fighint fucking floyd
I think she gave up tho. She working as a security guard
i still remember deji winning, will always cherish it, and nearly breaking my hand punching the edge of the fridge door :)
Man it’s good to see your videos back
Well done beating Fousey…now onto Floyd Mayweather lmaoooo. Tf is this world man.
my inner child at peace. Well done WEJI
deji became a motivational speaker fr tho
Apparently the better Deji gets at boxing, the better he gets at making YouTube videos too 😂
when I tell you i cried like a bitch man
Eeeee
Get a wedgy by weji
get in deji love u man
dont stop now deji. prove time and time again why you the best
I am a long time fan but pls stay humble because your not really undefeated so pls train your ass off for the Mayweather fight
DEJI IS BAAAAAACK
Deji is better then everyone been watching you since I was a kid in grown now and I still support you with everything Dont ever quit boxing don’t ever quit in life WEJI IS THE INSPIRATION
Deji is the indomitable human spirit😤😤😤
The greatest boxer of all time is gonna destroy floyd
4:20 IS MAD 🤣🤣🤣
9:14 , well.......
Deji laughs everyone laughs😂❤️
Congratulations finally a win can't wait for another KO 💪🏻🔥
8:40 Song Name : Pastel Ghost Silhouette  Saw that tiktok some time whilst scrolling on shorts some time ago but ye hard vid 👏
i fucken missed you dej🥹
From Fusey to Mayweather lol
No way this man's fighting Floyd
Yes
weji
React to tekken 8 trailer,  and play it regulary would be mad 🔥
DEJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Weji 🥊👑
deji the i phone 14 is out
WEJI
Weji
A deji upload that isn’t under 4 minutes long, i feel like it’s 2016 again.
Let's go deji 💪🏼💯
THE YOUTUBE GODS HAVE FINALLY SUMMONED HIM
4:29 WTF IS THAT DESKTOP
Next ring walk song should be tekken
Missed you Weji
Undefeated? Oh please…😂🤡
DEJI VS FLOYD.... EASY DUB WEJI OLATUNJI🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Deji is the definition of never give up
The only thing bigger than deji's spirit is his forehead
7:31 throwing a hint towards the mayweather fight
Don’t lose focus now, u won but there’s more fight to come train harder than u did before
Lowkey I missed hearing Deji's loud ass laughs 🤣😂
💪🏽🐐
I’m so happy he’s uploading again 😭😭
Deji please make up for that terrible loss to Vinnie.
Is it just me or deji's voice deeper
We love you Weji <3
OMFG FINALLY
Am I dreaming? Deji posted a reddit video? 😮
Now you’re about to lose your momentum by fighting Mayweather.
wooo your back
1000th comment
M8 this is well funny
Man let’s gooo! Deji back💯❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
My guy boxed him up like a flopper
WE LOVE DEJI
Nahhh deji your hairline 😂
Champ
Glad Deji Is Back Recording. Your videos makes me happy and you've helped a lot throughout the years, glad you got a win and I'm looking forward to see what happens in the future. I hope that I can Meet You One Day That'd Be Dream. Always Love Deji<3
It’s nice to see Deji happy again. He’s grown
Nah his laugh😭 I missed it so much
We so proud of you deji 💯
Need to see consistent uploads by one of the 🐐’s
last
The goat is back💪🏼🔥🔥
gg dej
My king doing reddits💪🔥.
Yoooo🎉
Love your video
Let's go Deji 💪 Deji vs Alex wassbi 2?
🧛‍♂
Finally another vid from Weji🔥🔥
DEJI
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
We love you deji
Weji❤
cant say your undefeated after winning 1 match
Glad you are back stay consistent now proud of you 😂💯🔥🔥
YOU STILL SLEEPING ON MY MUSIC ⁉️😴🌀✈️
Your energy recently has been unmatched word I’m so proud
WEJIII
So nice of you to give a small boxer like Floyd mayweather a chance.
DEJI THE TANK TANK stands for "Try Again, Never Kneel"
Big W for you deji we all start calling him Weji
I just wanted to hear about floyd
Hey! wanted to ask for the amount of time ur making videos, if u could edit in subtitles into ur vids for the deaf and hard of hearing (me), thx!
Hairline looking nice dej
DEJI VIDS ARE BACK
Deji smiling makes us all smile. such a genuine dude
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Weji 🩲
are u fighting floyd or what
hearing Deji’s laugh is so refreshing
Welcome back my guy
FUCKIN PROUD OF WEJI
Dejiiii! 🔥
mannn you need a new trim fr😅
Deji turning into flight with how inspirational this is
Big Ups Weji
u fr fighting floyd?
Does this remind anyone else of „alright guys this is my first pack“?
W deji
ARE U FR FIGHTING FLOYD
W deji
need more of this content from you deji. this is the real you
Wins one fight… thinks Tupac is his dad
Yeah my boiii!
W
4:29 thank fuck I've been trying to remember the name of that game for the longest time castle crashers holy fuck and you play tof too sheeeeeesh
Finally
W Weji
I can’t believe it mayweather is fighting Deji
WE LOVE U DEJI
3:54  memories
Man is the black John cena
Deji…we need atleast one video a week….YouTube sucks without you…congrats on the win
WEJI
Nah 0-87 is crazy 🤣🤣🤣
Deji seems like a man now
Floyd Vs the best boxer of all time.. shit just aint fair 😂
Deji i beg you do a weekly reddit
Proud of you Deji✨
That austin clip✋️
Weji big Ws
never give up, deji watching naruto really rubbed off on him
Hi
that austin clip is so weird dawg
Weji
5 mins in and I’m laughing😂😂Dejis still got it
We here for it
WEJI GANG
WHAT????
4:31 steroids kids
w deji
“Imma Dickhead” 😂😂 Fair play 🤝
W
Weji
Upload more my guy ur so entertaining
Bongers
DEEJI!
Energyyy🤣
Let's goo!!
Proud to say I've been watching weji for 7 years 👊
Undefeated in givin up is 🔥🥊
I’m happy he’s back on YT
Finally a reddit video😍
It's Deji
LET’S GOOOO A CLASSIC DEJI VIDEO
WE BACKKKKK
Deji videos after him winning hits differently 🤧
Deji’s laugh 😭
Deji I love you and I'm super proud but you gotta box whoever trimmed you fr
Re: losing muscle. He didn't, he's at a healthy body fat ratio.
"I am undefeated!!!"  the 3 losses: ight imma head out
W DEJI
Who would u guys see deji fight next ?
Yeee
LOVE U DEJi
I missed Deji
Fricking hell I missed that laugh !!!!!
Floyd won 50 fights and thinks he’s ready for Deji 💀. He don’t know what’s coming
Deji you’ve came a long way and if you reply or like this comment I will get your name tatted on me for a video and show you
How many shots would it take from deji to break that punch dummy?
I miss those laughs😭
YES REDDIT DEJI IS BACK
Man I missed this Deji❤❤
Proud of you Weji! 🔥
Undefeated but wears Amazon Essentials. What a G.
The mythical beast Deji.
The whole subreddit switched up 💀💀
Is it me or does it look like everytime Deji talks he looks like he is holding in his laugh?? 🤣
He has Returned.
crazy
From 3 losses in a row, to redemption with an outstanding performance. To fighting Floyd Mayweather. We're proud of you Deji.
"Wedgie"
Legend.
Idk about undefeated
I honestly missed your videos
Please upload more deji. We love you❤️
W
dejis boxing is too slick
good boi
Wassup dawg
We need Deji in his famous red hat
WEJI IS BACK!!!!!!!
You already got me in tears Deji I’m dying 😭😭😭😭
He needs to change his title
Deji went to the jamaican barber again
Common Deji W
Geniunely proud of you Dej
That a veteran boxer/undefeated boxer is giving a guy like floyd mayweather a opportunity to fight. WEJI
KO Layweather for us
0:37 "I love that Wedgy, ooouuh"                                     - Deji 2022
W
Time to go baldji
👏👏👏
He’s back !
Respect for the win keep it up 😎👍
ayyyooo, its been a minute 😂
he’s backkkk
Deji PLEASE go easy on mayweather… He needs all the help he can get mannnn! I beg! PLEASE deji don’t hurt floyd! 🙇🏾‍♂️
Welcome back Weji
Yes you are Weji
Don’t get too cocky now dej
COME ON WEJI MAYWEATHER IS A WARM UP FOR YOUR BIG FIGHT
For now he does
Floyd vs Deji. The two undefeated goats.
Keep up the great work Deji, hope you see this.
What a journey. Honestly proud!
deji i love you lad
W
Will Deji reply
Love to see you happy dej truly a inspiration
AGHHHH
WEJIIIII we missed u!!!!!
Deji congrats for the w you deserve it! Proud of you weji
So proud of you Deji proved everyone wrong
💀
From my childhood I follow you and I learned not to give up on you, Daji, I will be with you forever
Deji’s back bitch
First
Ayyyy congrats
WEDJI
Finally a normal video from the most skilled, powerful, tenative boxer to ever touch the sport, Laymeather is in trouble 😈
For your next match you need boxing shorts that say WEJI !!! :D
Hi deji so glad and happy u won that fight u deserve it
We love you weji🥊🥊🥊🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🥊
That genuine smile of pure happiness from deji hits me differently ✨
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOD🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Deji is the living embodiment of the phrase "never give up"
Lets DEJI, Been waiting for this🔥🔥🐐
Stay humble little deji just because you won once after losing three time doesn’t mean you can fight a “REAL BOXER” That is Floyd Mayweather.
Can we make an R/Weji ?
Love to see Deji back on YouTube but once he gets another fight announced I need his to disappear again so he can win again 😭😂
does anyone else miss dejis parents so much
This man will make Money Mayweather 50-1
0:38 gave my man a wejee
Manz hairline is doing backflips
W
Wej
Who’s next?
1 min ago crazy
React to your fight pls
Deji sleeps Mayweather
Legend
yess finally a video have been waiting
Way too early ig
You deserved that win Deji LETS GO
Undefeated? Aren't you like 1-3?
How tf is the vid released in 1 min and 606 comments already ?
Im so proud of you Deji. Keep it up man 💪💯
I love seeing Deji happy ❤️
Comedyshortsgamer is back?
yes sir
U made all of us proud deji
Like 👍 hello everyone 👋
Kingg
Proud of you
deji on his comeback
DEJI
Let’s goo deji vids back
Sewy
Im proud of that hairline
I am here first
W DEJIIII
Missed you my man
W 😭 missed u dej
floyd?
Deji, i really need to talk with you
THE UNDEFEATED CHAMPION💥
😂😂
Deji on YouTube is back
Your win motivates me a lot, THANK YOU!!!
You paid fosuey to lose
We are all proud of you Deji
.
The peoples hero 🤝🏾🙏🏽
Weji
Weji done us all proud 🙌🏼
8 views 2.3k likes 571 comments :/
I missed this soo much! So glad to have you back Deji ❤️
D E J
The goat is back🔥🔥🔥
sup dej
Someone's O has got to go, my money's on Floyd losing.
Deji won't pin this 😣
Congratulations Deji!
DEJI THE INSPIRATIONAL GOAT! 🐐❤
We're all proud of you!!
Deji
Weji
After all this time, finally a regular video!
YES DEJ
Deji will knocked Floyd mayweather out. Deji is a better boxer and he has better headmovement and he has the most dangerous left hand in boxing🐐Weji>>>Muhammad Ali
Proved everyone wrong good job
Thats my guy so proud of you man♥️💪🎉
So proud of you
Deji might actually be the closest to be able to compete with Swarmz
Good to see this i am fully smiling right now
DEJI😆😆😆💯
Never been this early
My grandparents had Muhammad Ali…I have Deji
Sike
Well done deji on your boxing fight you proved a lot of people including me wrong
Love u deji ur such a good boxer can't wait for your next win but make sure to say focus and make sure ur viewers are here for u
YAAY
You fighting Mayweather whattt light work for you my boy!
Amazon top looking nice
DEJIIIIII
8 views jeez, and also from fousey to floyd moves the GOAT Deji
dayhm im early asf
DAMN STRAIGHT
Lesgo Weji
A Deji reddit video. WHAT???????? BIG W WEJI
Yo
Cheese 🧀 gromit
DEJI vs SLIM           or DEJI vs SALT PAPI
WEJI
WEJI
Damn this many comments this fast lol
and just like that...hes back🔥💯
Great so see you uploading missed ya on yt
Love too see u back brudda deji stay safe and have fun while your with mum and dad
Hi
Much love from south-africa deji
Its incredible how far you've come. Its a 1/3 kd instead of 0 nice man
Are u fighting mayweather
let's go dej
Go dejiiii!!!
Love to see ya back, fam!
Yo desi
UNDEFEATED WEJI LETS GOOOOO
Yessir one of the first🤙🏾💯
Deji vs Mayweather is crazy, why on earth are they putting Mayweather  in with the most dangerous boxer since Mike Tyson!
Weji 💥
Thumbs up if you love Deji as much as I do
we missed you a lot
Stop it deji he says to himself
First
Weji!!!!!!
DEJI’S HIM HE’S HIM
My grandpa had Ali My dad had Tyson I have deji
Last
Wow it took u this long and it was against fucking FouseyTube
Next fight soon?
Wake up! Deji just dropped a normal video
9th view here
I love you man. Good to have you back
W Deji
You are so cute I’m so proud of you
Nice vid
Love you dej
Finally a long waited Deji upload!
finally ☠️
W
So glad to see you uploading again Dej 👍🏾
We love you deji fight Bryce on November then fight Joe Weller on January or the opposite since jidion my fight Joe Weller in January
and i am BATMAN
Weji
Can't wait to see the GOAT Deji extend his undefeated streak by knocking Floyd Mayweather out.
HEY GUYS, it’s COMEDYSHORTSGAMER HERE
Come on deji 😈
Yeesss!! Deji is back!!
Please tell me your not fighting mayweather.
LOVE YOU DEJIIIIIIIIIII
OMG HES BACK TO CONTENT CREATION SO HAPPYY
Lmao you cemented how bad Fousey is
Goat 🐐
W weji
First
Tekken 8 trailer is out
Hello
Big Smiles❤️
Les gooo
WEJI💕‼️
3rd
Weji
Weji
Congrats
Yo wassup deji
He is back
HE IS INDEED UNDEFEATED
early gang
does the main man himself reply
Ofc your undefeated 🔥💪❤️
W
4th
Proud of Deji
Dose the legend reply
Mayweather meets goat
Firsttt comment cmon deji the 🐐
We are so proud of you weji. Can't wait to see you fight again <3
Props on you deji❤💎
Love this energy from deji 🙏
W Deji
brudda sort out that hair line akhi 😭
Ayeee W 🔥🔥🔥
🔥
I love this mf 😆😆
Love you DEJ
❤️❤️❤️❤️
We all love you deji and really missed you 🫶
Big up
Ur the goat King
Let’s gooooooo Deji
Weji
Cmon deji
Lmao the ad revenue is crazy lmao
Love you deji
Dejiii the goat😎🐐
Second
I PRETTY SURE I SPEAK FOR EVERYONE WHEN I SAY WE ARE PROUD OF YOU DEJI AND SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU GET YOUR FIRST W
I love you man
Weji
undefeated
love you deji keep kicking ass
Deji is baaaaaack
FINALLY, HE UPLOADS!!
This is Dublin not London when we see Garda no running
The goat is back
First
4th
Yes deji is back now I this day has gotten better love u😢
I LOVE YOU DEJI
Les goo weji
I genuinely fear for mayweather for the wrath he’s about to face from the UNDEFEATED LEGEND DEJI
If the rumors going around that your fighting Floyd MayWeather next is true  then that is Absolutely INSANE. I hope it’s true.
Who's here after not seeing a deji for months
w
you getting a little too confident bru
I'm so happy your giving this little boxer an opportunity to build his boxing career
You're defeated when you've lost before, and that you have.
Yes sir! Welcome back man, and proud by the win!
So early for no reason
Deji I love u man whenever I see you succeed and happy it makes me happy I feel like apart of your journey it makes me so proud WEJI!!!
Hi
Deji is going to destroy mayweather I put that on my mother 🙈🙈🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Im the first comment 😁
Jesus died for your sins and rose again put your faith in him to be saved
yoooo deji the goat
Deji the goat is back
i was early but chrome is glitchy as fuck
CHAMP
Alright time to see you against Mayweather
Dejiiiiii🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
Team deji all day every day
First - les goo Deji!!!
Wish u the best for what’s to come
*WEJI*
Congrats Deji you show the world to never give up love you
you rlly are undefeated
crazy
first hehe
As soon as I saw the title I knew this would be a joke
Yo are you fighting money may weather
Congratulations
All time best boxer vs floyd may weather 🫢
when does the Goat 🐐 fight maywether
Dejo wins a fight and thinks he’s undefeated 🤣🤣
It can’t just be me that wants deji back on his main channel like this 🔥
TF do u mean undefeated?
Vammooosssss + Weji
How can 50 ppl be first?
Proud of you deji!
U are insane!!!!
We love to see Deji uploading again
Top g
:0
Let's gooo the best boxer in YouTube history is backkk !!!!
Great vid watced the whole thing
Deji can you follow me
The goat Is back
Yess he’s back 🥳
Awesome job deji  thumb up
Go
deji vs floyd mayweather, deji whooping that mayweather ass
Hug from Portugal
pfff
DEJI makes us all proud  Glad to see he never gave up
Yo AM the fisr one to see this W :D
Love to see you back mane
Deji is back wish the best for him.
WEJI
early
I'm so happy for Deji man. Can't look at him without smiling and feeling proud. Big up Weji
Weji
Dejuan 💯💯
When I saw this, I clicked quick af
So nice of Deji giving an upcoming boxer like Floyd a mainstream fight.
Congrats deji
Hi
Early
I send South Africa
Aye champ
We got our old Deji back thats what matters
LOVE IN IT
Maybe not undefeated 😭 but I'm proud of u
Deji should fight Wassabi rematch
Srry but yb better
Until you fight Mayweather
Deji you are the best
FINALLY POSTED AGAIN W
Welcome  back 😁
He’s back
Finally 😂
lovely stuff Deji
Omg, OG Deji, No we dont take no Ls
Didn't even start watching and its already a W🗿💯
Love you DEJI can’t wait for you to fight again💖💖👏🏽
Stop watching MW2 streams to live the video
This guy 🤣
first view ?
First
deji cmon man. we get it, humble up. mayweather!? cmon maynn
Deji is the best and he will KO mayweather
W DEJI LETS GO
1028483st
Who wants deji vs floyd?🤔
🔥🔥🔥🔥🦍🦍🦍🦍
Deji you’re my goat and my inspiration
Deji
Big up deji 💯💯
Deji u are the best I remember watching u since 2012
Definitely never lost a fight
Cry
WEJI
Well lad
Deji gonna knock Floyd Mayweather out
What happened to your hair line
Bros gonna get 1st round decapitation against Floyd fr
The king is back
Cheeee
Can’t wait to see Deji knock out floyd
Hesssssss backkkkk
👌👌
First
Let's all be honest, we never expected this to happen
Heyy champpp❤
if deji knocks out Mayweather it will be the most insane thing in boxing HISTORY
Dejjiiiii yesssir
Let's go champ
You fighting Mayweather?
Big man is back
So happy for you Deji! Been supporting you since day one! Big W
It’s been sooooo long 🙌
Deji
First
first
I beg you do a family vlog
334th
W Deji!!!
Deji will beat George Floyd he undefeated 💪
Eyy he back
lets gooo finally a vid i missed deji so much
DEJI POSTING A VID??? W DAY 👏🏾👏🏾
Aint no way boi
DEJIIII
Yes...Deji the undefeated has finally posted
Can’t remember the last time I saw a proper deji video. W
We did it boyss
Congrats deji you deserve it
Big ups
Dejiiiiii wsg
Deji is the new mike tyson
Too right Deji!
Yo  I'm a underrated upcoming Youtuber, I won't disappoint haven’t made much videos but I’m gonna be making a variety of different type of content, I'm still working on improvement, but I guarantee you will find something you will enjoy! Sub ‼️
Who the f*ck is mayweather?
Came here to say im here before a milly views and deji is the goat 🐐
Deji Vs Mayweather
Deji when he played las las Fousey: My eye ohhhh
💯💯💯
Deji really is bold for taking his next fight against Floyd, let's see if he can take him
A deji reddit video⁉️
2nd
Lesssss goooo DEJI!!!!
First
444
Deji will beat floyd
Yo deji I’m a big fan I would love if you replied
we are all very proud of you dej ❤️❤️❤️
Yo deji, I miss u man
Yes my G! Unbelievable win! You defo put in the work and it showed!
sure
Yesirr🥲
Here for it 🥲
Mayweather next 😏
First
I’m Happy for u deji
Lol
Weji
👍
Seeing Deji post is crazy 🥹
Deji gl on your fight with Floyd
The best boxer in the world has returned!!!
Daddy Deji touches Reddit
Let’s go Dejis back
Love you deji🤞🏽
Deji is gonna knock out floyed
Yoooo
WEJI!
Hello
UR THE BEST FAM
FINALLY POSTING LETS GOO
lets go weji
DEJI!!!!!
first
that’s cool but mayweather announcement please
First round deji knockout Floyd Mayweather… here we gooooo
first
Weji
Goatttt
Does Deji reply 🫠
3rd
Good to have you back dej
No body take no L's
Let’s go!!
Ayyy
Whos here before floyd mayweather vs deji gets confirmed
no cares if you're first
Yooooooooo
DEJI WE LOVE YOU
Deji the 🐐
Goat
damn 105 comment in 25 seconds
Hi
Hells yeah . Man's fighting Mayweather
HI DEJI
First
King deji is back
Yooo
Deji has swag
Let’s have a deji chain ayyyyyy 🎉
DEJI IS NOW FIGHTING MAYWEATHER....  NEVER GIVE UP KIDS
Deji better
👍
Lets go!!!
Ayyy Dej reddit vid LET'S GOOOOOOO!!! 🔥🐐
Are u actually fighting Floyd?
The champ
dejjiiiiiiiiiiiii
HEROOOOO!!!!!!!!
You are the best
Jheeez
First
You fighting floyd
Pin me and you'll get the W
yoo
DEJI BEATS FLOYD
Yeeeeeeees!
YES DEJI
DEJI WASSUP
Noti gang
Dejiiiiiiiiiiii
The greatest boxer in world will fight against Floyd mayweather
LETS GO WEJI, BEAT UP MAYWEATHER
Thats why hes da goat
Yo
Big W
1st
YESSSIR DEJI CONTENT
nice
Let's go first
My g
Wejii!!
Weji
Yooooo
Sweet
Yo
Yoo
Massive Vic Royale gg dej
WEJI
Undefeated u say💀
Damn Right!!!
DEJ IS BACK LETS GO CHAMP
Welcome back!
WE BACK
Ur barber did u dirty
❤
Ko mayweather
Yooo
Deji Will knock out Floyd!
Easy W for Deji, Mayweather has no chance. DEJI KO INCOMING!
Lets gooo deji🥶🥶
First?
Wassup 🤴
second
Deji is Gervanta
Weji is back!
Lets go dejis back
KING DEJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
yurrrr
WEJI with an upload lessgo
Deji gonna end mayweather 😎
W deji
THE GOAT WEJI
DEJIIII POSTED WW
Weji
Does deji respond?
Never gonna give you up
I love you dej but fix up your hair
lets go champ
First?
Yoooooo
Damn bruh first to comment
wsg deji happy seeing u man
Deji>>>>Floyd
HI
Proud of you man
Yo
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hello
Hey deji
Blm
King deji
Thats quite an ironic title
Please don’t
W deji
I wouldnt say undefeated now…
Congrats Deji 🍾🍾🍾
sup deji
Yesssssir
Yoo
W
Ko mayweather with in 4
Expecting a deji vs floyd announcement soon
Finally deji is back recording, also just seeing him smile in this video just seems so rewarding for us and deji himself Well done man
let's go, he's back to uploading
here after the mayweather rumours loool
Early
Yo
frist
W deji
First
Title is factually incorrect
Yessss he came backkkk
ITS BEEN A LONG WHILE HOLY COW
Yes deji!
Lol
We've all been waiting for this moment
Yuurrr
Clicked on the video so quickly
Yessssss!
First
4th
First
Lets go
Deji
Let's go
Deji yo gang
And still undefeated
Well done for never giving up Deji
Big fan, but no😭
I love you
Second
Yes Deji
First
oelalala
early gang
Jesus loves you . He is the only true way to heaven no other way except through Him. Repent before it’s too late!
Weji!
My G Deji
He truly is undefeated
The champ is BACK💥💥💥
W
Weji
2nd
W deji
Hi deji
Deji will beat Bryce Hall
W? YES
I’m so proud of Deji man
Love you man
Nah man don't gas him
Deji tyson is coming
Oiii let's go now 🤩🤩
Weji
Boutta be 2-0💯
🐐
💪🏾
weji
First
🧢
king dej, les go🙌🏻
OLD DEJI!!!
J
deji a W
Heyyyy
Mayweather
Frist
Mayweather?
DEJI IS BACK !!!!!
Yooooo
Yer
HES BACKKKK
Wouldn’t say undefeated but I bet it 😂
Dejjiii Morocco 😂😂😂
Woahh
Hi
Yhh
The GOAT
this gonna last well
Let’s go
FINALLY
Dejjjjiiii🔥🔥🔥🔥
1st
First
Earlyyyy
Dejiiiiu
Hi
First! Congratulations DEJI!!!
Deji uploading? Im ready
First
Dejiii
Gg first
Can’t wait to see deji absolutely batter floyd mayweather
second
Ratio
Forst
Love deji
First
DEJI THE GOAT
undefeated even after the floyd fight
Nice deji
👑 tho
Oh I missed these
Nice vid
hi
Bruh
Suppp
First
Deji
First
YOOOOO THE KING IS BACK
Second
WEJIII
Hairline needs a bit of fixing
Yes weji
Yes sir!!!!
👌
W deji  as always
WEJI
W deji
Oooll
daddy
Weji
W
THE TANK IS BACKK 🥹🥹🥹🥹
yessas dejiiiii we missed u
Wild
Leshgooo
First
Weji
I missed this so much
First
I know
KING!!!
LETS GO DEJJJIIU
well, let's see how long this lasts
Early
Love you deji
W
First
First
First
First
Second
Upload more
Love u deji
First
Andele
W
First
First
Floyd money Mayweather
Weji
🐐
deji the goat
Deluded
💀
Icl fighting Floyd is crazy
First
First
Second 😂
Weji
YESSS M8
Rest in peace
DEJIII
WEJI
first
WELKOM BACK
First
Suiii
First
The king is back!
Ayyyy
Are you serious right neow
First
w
nice hair
Deji is a legend ❤
yo
DEJIIII
WEJI
First
Yo
Let's go Dejiii
Yo
Really¿
yhyh cmon
I GOT DEJI WINNING THIS
Legend
Deji w
Congratulations ✅
You win
WEJI
Fight jake Paul again
Love ya deji
Hi deji
Second
Secibd
Third
Finally
Yes
Finally this man decides to upload
Yeesssss dejjjiii
DEJ
W DEJI
W
DEJI!
goo goo gaa gaa
First
First
Let's go deji
Here we go
Second
First DEJIIIII
YES DEJI!!!!!!
LETS GOOOOO
YES DEJI!!
first
first
hi
DEJI
first
1st
First
Weji
Come on deji
Wow
❤️❤️
First
D
Dejiii
First
W
First
Nooo
Yessir
forsr
first
First
Deji vs Floyd is it real?
First
Yes
No way u can fight maywrather
Second
Les go champ
First
Cap and first
Hi deji
Don't fight mayweather 😭
Early
GOATJI
YEEEE THE TANK IS BACK
Weji
2nd
Hi
OMG DEJI
Wallad
w
YESSSIRRRR
Let’s go
LETS GOOO WEJIIII
deji vs floyd cant wait
YO DEJI WSG U BACK
dejiiii
Lesss goooo
LETS GO CHAMP 🤣
Siuu Deji
First
1
first
Hi
W
W
W
W vid hopefully
dub
DEJIIIIII
Love to see deji back
❤
WEJI
First
First
Hello
Hiiiiiii deji
DEJIS HIM
WEJI
Goat
yes
First
Jokes on you
NO L’S
gangshi
Hi
First
1
Fith
Lol
TANKKKKKKKK
Well he is not wrong..
First
Second
lets goo
Hi
Weji
NOTI SQUAD
W
Let’s go dej your back!
No you're not.
First
Hi
1st in
Ayyy W
I love u
First
<3
1st
first
1st
Ily
goat
First 🔥
First
W Weji
First
W
🐐
1sttt
Wagwan
First
Proud of you Deji 🐐
Weji
Yessirrrr
1st
YOOO
Yo
Hi
W Deji
Ong
W
Let’s gooo deji
Deji FTW
First
Wejiii
1
Yessir deji 🔥🔥
Yoo
W
First
First
First
Yo
😂🤣 the title
W
1st   Lol not 1st but deji hands up all the time your the best deji:)
Weji
Hes gone nuts
First
cap
DEJIII
First
first
First
Yessir
Yes you are
DEJI
first
first
Old deji is back?
