I could watch this on a 10 hour loop.
Why toll to you you to animate. It looks mostly like flip-note studio
On shrooms rn and ts looks 3D anyone else agree?
What's the music :3 I wanna become silly
did anyone else come from the at dead at night coryxkenshin playlist?
Lyrics: hey can you open up the door I forgot my glasses inside the house thank you
Bro Cory do part 4 plz and  do that like button
*open the noor*
where is the original?
the people who don’t know the song it’s ski from fnf but got deleted  Good part:  Thanks for CommunityGame for revealing it
ok come on in =3
Open ne noor
Song: meow - lvusm
open the noor
I thought that thumbnail is an eye
Least sigma video of the day
For the last time I don’t care who the government sends me I am not paying taxes!
This is art.
MAKE THIS A GIF
Dog :)
Samoyeds so silly
Fun fact: the song in this video is literally just called “meow”.
People who thought the nose was the mouth and made :o face: 😀
썸넬 눈알인줄 알고 흠칫했네
You missed the opportunity to do the Veronica open the open the door please
Open the noor😅😂😂🎉🎉
Open the noor
This be the kind of person uploading content that a trope ruins
Sapapenis
I need this video as a 10 hour loop.
Open na noor
No OPEN THE NOOR👀👍
Song is called Meow btw
Me explaining to the teacher why I chugged the whole jug of glue
I should be sleeping.......
OPEN THE DOOR, LET HIM IN
open na noor
OPEN THE NOOR
open me the door
insanity
Song is called meow I think
:3
What app do you use to animate?
open na noor
OBEN NE DOOE
i feel kinda bad for asking for the song when I should be talking about the animation, but...
OK but will you also tell me the name of the song?  I'll open the door as long as I get that information first.
How do u do that to the video like all pixel
That’s so cute  🥰
Gyatt
I'M DYING OF WHOLESOMENESS
Despite its cute nature. This creature is wanted in 50 states. For crimes against humanity and the lord.
Is that flip note art style? If so you really did good
cats are better. argue with me >:3
"Open ne noor"
Open na noor
Cute 🥰
I love how like 50% of his face is schnoz
open na noor!
I would open the door for the doggo❤
Excuse me if you don’t mind me asking where did you get this fine polar bear
Get on the floor.
pow pow pow pow powpow powp pow pow pow
powp pow pow powp pow pow pow pow pow powp
open na noor
Song?
What is the name of the music? it sounds like something Nintendo made.
warning: this video contains dangerous levels of a toxic chemical known as fluff, and a infectious virus known as... c u t e n e s s
song name? this is really cute btw LOVE IT!!1!
Thumbnail kills me... It's soooo cute
Bro this song should be called “In The Dark”
Just don’t stand there like that OPEN THE DOOR FOR HIM
What is the name of this song
Open the noor
Let him in... dont be shy
FS3D opens a whole new world of possibilities
Uh i did something-       I made it my pfp and i dont regret it
i have warched this way too many times but today imma finally say smth pls cory bless us with part 4
Let me in side!
ive been looking for this audio for so long-
:D
Open the noor, Open noor
open na noor
i thought it waa a polar bear
This is cute as-
❤so cute! ❤
do it
just open the freaking door man please idc if he murder 67 ppl /let him in
Note from someone being really happy  from this after year. You makes someone across the world Happy! Have nice day! I apologise for my drunk, and bad engilsh.
For those who don’t know, this song is called meow by ivusm
AAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
But i though this was dick pic
I did
Sure
Open the nor
open da noor
Me at at a door camera
2021: POW  2023: O P E N T H E N O O R
no im not interested in your vacuum cleaners
i would be terrified, coz he opens him mouth so big like he wants a treat / biscuit. But i dont have any-
That my profile picture
ŒPƏÑ ŃÆH ŇŮØŒŘ
Thought it was a noor video.
Using the fisheye lens in New Horizons like:
bro is nerd🤓
i was expecting the open the noor meme but with the dog tbh
open na noor
This lowered my anxiety at home.
don’t you see his beautiful eyes have good intentions
Such a nice thing to start my day :)
yes😊
Open na nooooooor: floof edition
THIS IS SO CUTE AAAAH I CAN'T
PLOT TWIST: its a polar bear
I love cute animal like cat or dog or both
Open-n-n-n-n door. Open-n-n-n door open the door, door door door door.
Im back
Hi you have Been at my front door for 5 days now... Do you need something?
watch is 240p
open na noor
now make it with a cat
OPEN THE NOOR
yes
Oh, is he selling Girl Scout cookies? Can you give me a box of thin mints?
Open na noor
Open na nor
What's the music? I've definitely heard it before lol
open the noor
sillyness caught on camera !?!?!?/!12211!11??
oppen na nooar
What is this song
Get on the floor! Everybody pet the doggy more~
Open le noor
Nopen ne noor
open the nör
*opěňânöór*
OMENÑEÑOOR
Open the noor
so cute the last one esp
He is a very polite boy. I will let him in
carpet beneath him looks like a little sweater
Open the noor
*tears the door open immediately*
Open ne noor
Yes
Open na noor
Ya mean open the n00r?
omenenoor
*OPEN NA NOOR!*
let me do it for u let me do it for u when I always do this for u ke- *BARK*
can someone turn this into a gif for me plaeaseee and droplinking ton
Markeplier if he was a dog
Translation: “open the door or i’m gonna throw a rock through your window”
What are the songs you use for these. They're too wholesome
Let him in.. He wants to be let in. open the door. He wants inside. He needs to be inside.
r/eyebleach
"opn the noor! opn the noor!"
it's become more funny when you know that this song was made by using cat "meow"
Boi like: open na noor
Open na noor
Open the noor
Open the nor
Open na noor
Oh yeah, this ones going on the watch later lost
open the noor
open the noor
Open the noor
is the name of this song, i must know.
i swear what is the name of this song??
Cute
Open na noor
Just came back to this. The first thing i think of is "open na noor
Open the noor
Dog!
Open the noor
I think that iv'e watched this video a thousand times already, and im not planning to stop
Open the nooooor
Does anybody know the song?
Open na noor
Song?
Open thee noor
Bruh the animation look like donut with cat ear
open ne noor
Open the noor!!!
That samoyed took open the noor to another level 😌
Open the noor
this video is crap
TO THE 485 PEOPLE WHO DISLIKED THIS VIDEO, WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW?
i thought it would be a :"Open the door or I'll throw rocks through your window you dumb bi-" meme
oupe gne noor
OPEN THE NOOR
OPEN NEH NOORR
I wanted to hear “open the nor”
Ppl watching in 2023: OpeN THe NoOR
thats not how you open a door
open the noored
Open the noor
On this day we have open Na noor
I will open da door
Open na noor
Ahead of its time
Open na noor...
That dogo can steal my tv any day
Me when I get to my friends door:
open na nooor
Open the noor 😭
open na noor!
lemme get some cookies rq wait..*John where are the cookies?*
Open na noor - dog
Open na Noor
Audio got un-synced zad
*cutely opens door*
Open the noor!
"Open na noor! OPEN NA NOOR!!!"
Open the noor
i povited tested for govid
Open ne noor
OPEN THE NOOR
awwwwww
OPEN THE NOOR
Open the noor
Wow
Open the Noor
Open the Noor
open the noor
OPEN NA NOOR
This thumbnail looked creepy asf
OpEn thE NoOr!
Open Na Noor!
music is meowsynth for anyone wondering
Open na noor🚪
OPEN THE NOOR
My cat: open the noor OPEN THE NOOR❗️
Open the noor
How translate funky sound to English
How translate funky sound to English
OpEn ThE nOoR
OPEN NA NOOR!!!
Open the noor
Open ne noor
Open na noor
Open na noor
OPEN THE NOOR
open na noor
bro predicted open na noor
open the noor
🙃
Open na noor
Open na noor
WHAT IS THE MUSIC?? I NEED TO KNOW
open na noor
shortでよく流れていたので、 元動画の方にたどり着けてとてもよかったです。  These videos make me sooooooooooooooo happy❤❤❤
open na noor😅
open the door
Actually it’s called open the noor
Open the noor
Open na noor
OPEN THE NOOOR
Open a noor
Open na noor
The dogs like “Open The Noor…….”
Omen na noor
Oh my fuck v is here
Open the noor
This really takes “open na noor” to another level 💀
Open the nooor! OPEN THE NOOOOOOR!
Open na noor!
Aw <33
Open the noooor 👵
open na noor
open na noor
Open the noor.
open ne noor
This calms my autism
open na noor
The dog wanted you to open na noor
open na noor
open ne noor
open na noor
O P E N  T H E  N O O R
nopen da noor
Open na noor
open na nor
Music: https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y
This is pretty wholesome :)
Open na noor
Omen na noor
Open ne nyoor
open ne noor
open na noor
Open na noor
Open the the noor but it's wholesome
open the noor,oppen the noor!
god has blessed us
open the noor*
OpEn tHe NoOr
Mmmm meowing dog mmmm 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Open na noor
open the noor
bro was ahead of time
open de noor
Open na noor
opinnanoor
the noorman's predecessor!
Music pls
Open the noor!
open na noor
2021- The Animation look so awesome  2022 - Music looks fine and nostalgic  2023 - *OPEN NA NOOR*
Open the noor
what is the music name
“Open na noor.” -This Samoyed
open the noor
Better version of open na noor
What's music
Open the noor
what is this song and kekeflipnote = the brain of an epic animator but also why are you using a ds
open na noor
0:04 Open the noor
what song is this
open na noor
Open na noor
what the song called??
Open the Noor
open the noor
open the noor
open the noor
Other dog: *let me do it for you*
open na noor
“I will make an exception. He looks very polite”
Pls let in The cuteness
The second one is the dog but he needed his glasses tho
I love the fluffy fellows
You heard the man open the door
"Open the door, or I'm gonna- throw rocks through your windows, you-" -Dr.phil
What's the name of the music?
And I thought that was a polar bear-
imma open for that dude to stay
Full screen version?
Open the door mark ,
Name of song pls i must enjoy music
P o w  S k y
Oh goth i found the sauce
It appears the F.B.C. is at your door, the Federal Bureau of Cuteness
That dog is a samoyed, i have a samoyed,  deyomas is samoyed backwards….. DËŸÖMÄŚ   Ïś ŠÜŠ ⛔️
♥️♥️☺️😍
Atleast these dogs are polite enough to ask, my neighbourhood cat ,would just break in through my door :|
“hello” “uh hello” “were here to deliver a uhhh” “a dog staring into your doorbell”
*n o.*
Where's the full original videom I can't find it anywhere ;-;
I cant resist is too cute
Moms: I bet my child is going to animate shows on big television companies! What the child makes:
Let that polar bear in
What song is this?
:з :з :з
What is the name of the music?
DOOGA
Let that boy in, he forgot his glasses.
No more depression :)
THIS IS SO FUNNY
"OPEN THE DOOR or I WILL THROW ROCKS THROUGH YOUR WINDOW"
Open de door mike! I have a present!
Cute.
I thought there was gonna be some kind of jumpscare at the end….😅 (sorry I’ve never seen this channel before, and I’ve been watching A LOT of Dhmis today)
BRIAN WHAT ARE YOU DOING
If he reached out to me about my car’s extended warranty… I’d answer.
You just put pow sky music and put some dogs photos and animated pixel version of his
:)
He is so innocent- I am confused if this is your dog or not tho 😂
Yes.
real?
This is ridiculously smooth. How long do each of these take?
I thought the thumbnail was a peashooter from plants vs zombies looking into the camera
typical crappy furry content no one likes
can we get much higher ?
Thank you for making adorable content, your work is a balm to the soul,
umami animation lookin
Wut da dog doin
Open the door or i am going to throw rocks at your window
No I will not
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MAAAAAAAAAGIC
I opened the subscribe door
Meowsynth on the dog
no.
Funny doggo
My last two braincells on the TSAT
What a good boy
I would buy his vacuums/bibles/knives
perfection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y for people wondering what the song is
Hehheheheh, mlem hehehhehe
There are no pets allowed in the building  Alright, he looks nice so I’ll allow the fine gentleman into this place
Awwww is so cute good job on this
Song is MixtapeBoyo - own ways
This has been bothering me for a while now: What is the song in this?
Jimmy live lol
👋🧒 hi
What song name
Is that a chainsawman reference
:)
Quite the fluffin specimen.
What music is used in this video?
Sir theres a Pipebomb in your mail box -cute dog
song name?
1.5x speed for the real song
So now we have pow dog
How can anyone not like this?? It is BEAUTIFUL!
2 gud doggos
What song is this?
ovo
what a fine gentleman
Dude, so many of your videos are ✨GOLDEN✨! Just subscribed too! 💃💃💃
Open door for doggo.
Honestly ur making it soooo tempting XD but imma passsssss RAWR
Awwwwwww🥰🥰🥰🥰
Blep
for some reason the dog with glasses reminds me of myself
Does anyone know the name of this song? Awesome animation btw, v cute doggo :D
I love how the music is "FNF vs Pow Ski"
What’s the name of this song
It has found your ip adress
Music is "meow" by lvusm
0:12 blep
Song
Es hermosoooooooooooooooo ❤️
There are no doors down here
What is the name of the music title of this? XD
PLEASE I NEED TO KNOW WHAT THE SONG IS also great animation :)
The first dog:hello gimme my dishes
What is the song title?
Song name
You ask how I got yo adress?             *that’s not important*
Me when I hear someone say:so how will we make the cupcakes?
What is the song?!?!?
My friend sent this to me
song?
someone please tell me the name of this I knowsong
I accidentally pushed the dislike, I undid it but now I feel bad
slide a pipe bomb through the door
The song is called Meow (I'm not sure who it's by)
what is song
Chainsaw Man Fans: *aggressive sobbing*
Please tell me what is the name of the song
Whar this music is?
song name?
Plot twist they never opened the door-
no
i want a 1h of this song and its cute
i found out the song is called meow, just search up meow song
whats the song?
so cuteeeee
be pretty cool if you told us the song name
Well what are you waiting for? Open the damn door and let those good boys in right this instant
this pupper seems to be a respectable little gentleman, I wouldn't hesitate to open the door for this little fella.
get on the floor.  everybody walk the ______.
Me:*doing nothing* Again me:*Minding my buisness🗿* My friend:Bro!Look at this Video i found. The video:                                                                       ^                                                                                             |           Me:Awwww so cute and wholesome <3.
wawawawawaoo wawawawawaawaaoo wawaoooo..
anyone know the song name?
I so wanna find the original for this
Wait what's the song!?!
What an odd little fellow, seems pretty kind to be honest
I need to know what this *song* is called
-скидки 99% на новый год.  -ОТКРЫВАЙ НОВЫЙ ГОД БЛИН!
Is this a song, what’s the song called? Btw great video
Ironic as it's a dog but the song was made with meowsynth.
What’s the song
A 0:09
Pow sky fnf
Yes
I love how the music is just the cutest fnf mod ever-
Weow
Ofc 😍
SIR. OPEN THE DOOR.
What song is this?
pinapples
Original
“Open the door or I’m gonna-….. throw rocks through your window you dumb hor-“
App name?
What a godly animator
OMG this is so cute!
the music made my dog poo, well done mate
Ok you can come in but wipe your feet.  Or paws, whatever.
O p e n t h e d o o r
Sounds like sky vs ski
What is this song called??
Human: aww look at him he so cute!  The dog: open the door right now or I'm gonna throw rocks in your window
The funniest part of all is that the song is called Meow
Whats the song name?
what is song pls i rly like song send song pls
Song: lvusm - meow
극상의 귀여움이다.. 사랑이 빠진
I cannot begin to express the immense rush of joy this video has brought into my life, but here goes: nope never mind to happy
*OMORI KEL when*
What song is this
😄😄
what song is this
What is the name of this meme? It will make a fine addition to my collection
Bork 2.0
Open the door or I will throw rocks through your window.
Yo but what is the song??
Ironically, the song is called meow
this beat kinda slaps   whats it called? :0
:)
im here from jimmy
I'm here from Jimmyhere
Just realized I wasnt subscribed, but I fixed it :)
He *R O U N D*
TELL ME THIS SOUND OF THIS
does anybody know this songs name?
I need to know that song tho and i must listen to it for dogo
I need to know the song name
jimmyhere reacted to this yay keke
whats the song i want to know so baddly
Where original
i need to know the original song please, i beg you
Person 1: the neighbors dog is really cute, ya hear me?  Person 2: I don’t know.  Person 1: it’s not like he’s gonna come to our door and look at the Glazing   The neighbors dog:      No seriously that was a cool and nice animation
What is this meme called?
Song?????
For anyone who doesn't know the song and they can't find it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y&ab_channel=lvusm
I love this soundtrack, and this video
Dogi
made my day
I will open becuz his voice is AN angel
My God!!!! he is very smart
m a g i c
Whats the song?
What a funky fella
forgor
What song is that?
Wat da song
Please open the door it cold here
Does anyone know the song?
Dont open the door it got dimensional rabies
Oh no not pow ski
Why toby fox is on my door
Veronica o-  Me: Yes
The song name is - Meow by Lvusm
the unspeakable amount of serotonin induced by this video only grows the more I watch
Name of the music?
J'adore c'est magnifique !!!
What's the Song?
I think I’ll let him in
looool
I've had this on loop for an hour now and I'm still vibing
cute
Original song is this https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y
here the sound for you guys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y&list=LL&index=39&ab_channel=lvusm
What song is this?
I thought he had a shirt. IT WAS THE WELCOME MAT
This level of cuteness pierce my heart
We dont allow animals in the house *shows dog waiting outside* we'll make a exception for him/her she/he looks cute
Pow Sky song {very SUS} fnf yo yo aaaaaaaaAAAAAAHHHHH
this is adorable   also im curious what the song is
This is what sunny sees during the first day in omori
What music is this
What's the original again because they seem a respectable fellow
Oooh what's the music?
I require song name
“Open the door or I’m gonna throw rocks through your window”
Bro *PLEASE* i need this msuic in my life whats the name of the tune?
What's the song called?
*yes.*
it's 1am and I cant find this song I need help man. this too good
song name? i need it
Song link please
what's the original video?
whats the name of that song???
M E O W S Y N T H
Where full vid
whats the song
The subtitles:  [Music] be [Music]
So pure
Ima Open The Door
The lyrics to this song are: Hey buddy open da door.  I forgot my glasses, open the door could you?  Thank you!  I now have my glasses
No.
He got it on https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y&t=0s
OH MY GOD HE USED THE FUNNI SONG
For those of you wondering, the song is "Meow" By Lvusm.
*justopenthedoor*
What's the music? Or is it original? I know you usually put the name of the music in the description.
The First one is ski
original?
WHATS THE SONG I NEED TO KNOWW
Awww, this is so cute! ☺️
Is so cute
What’s the original video called
Me too
what's the music?
What music is this?
ok I will open door
whats the original meme?
S o   S m o o t h
"How cute do you want your animations to be?"  KekeFlipnote: *Y e s*
Yes
HES A BOI
What's the song
https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y Found it
So I've been searching for this meme so I could ask someone for the song, but this is wholesome as heck
keke whats name of song?
the beat in the background kinda sounds like rec room lol
0:05 Meow
No
Please can someone tell me the og song
Omg i just made lyrics just you have to follow the beat: please can you open the door... Please i forgo-o-ot my glaaasses... Thank you
10 hour loop now please
fbi good ending: they ask politely
i died from diabetes while watching this
Please what is the music to this, I need them jams to add to my collection
*DAWWWWWWWW-*
What's the original VID to the first one It's wholesome VERY WHOLESOME
Kekeflipnote where's the original song
Warning!!!: This video contains extreme cuteness
lvusm - meow
Animation is smoother than my life.
Your animation has gotten better!
Breaking news: Depression has stopped globally by a wholesome animator.
Make ring doorbel plissssss
Origin song watch\youtube
Meow by ivsum
"let me in"        - Charli D'amelio
Did you cure my depression??? Feels like it.
wait what is the song?
Doggo
Music name please ;-;
*M A G I C*
Okay
cute
Cute
Give that guy a respect
Is this Husky?
You the best YouTuber that does fluid animations with benday dots or what their called out of all things
Dog: open the door: Me: ok
That dog is electric his fur says it
:|   a minha
Yes
:3
:P
:p
I will gladly open the door for him
Same i would too he does seem respectable
YouTube has stop recommending me this video or else I will commit murder if YouTube keeps recommending me this video
*Dies from cuteness😵*
C'mon in lil guy,I'll bake some doggy biscuits for ya
Youtube just put a 15 second ad on this video
I don't know how I got here but I'm glad I did
i've seen this song in a video called bamber and it was a very funny one
I would open the door
What's the song used in the video?
Soooooo. cute
Good job on 1 million subs!
Awwwwwww
So cute
leave it to the internet to make things more adorable
No
I would not open the door, never
I don’t deserve this😭
Thank you I really need this
The dogos are so cute
What is the music?
bork, open de door my fren
The use of fish eye is amazing.
😏💓
*opens door* 🙃
what is the original song
no.
Category 5 criminals sighted at doors of innocent children
Open the door for him now or you will be sentenced to death
oh hello lil pupper (opens the door) (i n s t a n t r e g r e t) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA well at least it was worth it even though i got literally scratched everywhere
I feel intimidated
This reminded me of the bopcat
Macam kambing
open it            N O W
Awwww soooo CUTE!!! T×T
Just wanna open the door? Well just say...”FBI OPEN UP”
what program you use to animate that?
BRO THIS IS THE MOST WHOLESOME THING EVER MADE PLS FULL!!!!
I want to touch his nose
🤣💗👍
Ring doorbell dog
I agree with this message
Because he's sooo cite
I would keep this dog as mine
No I will not open the door. Man looks like he's gonna take my tea bags.
Uhhh
Open the door. Stop having it be closed.
What is this song called?
Open the door for him. He is a good doggo
Wha de dog doin?
Music ?
My brain when my mom trying to tell me something serious
neat
he really doing a staring contest
original sources?
What's the music? Sounds like a bop.
Man I wanna know the song for this
at first I thought it was a polar bear
he in all his glory. hi, it's rainbo from the tamagotchi discord!
Original video?
heyheyheyheyheyheyheyheyheyhey
Animal crossing .-.
Super cool bro
No
this is perfect.
What is the song ?
Samoyed? It is Samoyed? Need know now pls
I would open it
*POV : You're waiting at the door during Halloween.* (If you celebrate it.)
i love yours videos! omgg
Ba ba ba ba ba ba! Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba! Ba ba! BABABA
This just shows you how cute things could be, especially dogs. :D
What's the music name
What is the name of music?
What da dog doin’
im calling the first dog "Bow dog" :)
he sung for me I shall let him in
Me:it’s it’s    My brother: you don’t like it’s  me: it’s a Masterpiece
Dog:..................wowoowow.......wowowowowowowoowowowow.........wowo....wowoowowo
:) this made my day
warning: this video contains highly cute dog and a possibility of opening the door.
0:00 Halloween Portrayed by Dogs
oks
0:07 captions be like :be
Open the door
.
=-D
Too adorable too adorable  Adorable overheating
FBI: OPEN THE DOOR!!
yes
Haha🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Why would I let a soulless serial rapist in my house?
:з
OPEN THE GODDAM DOOR!1!!
It cured everything
pop dog
Bonjour Kéké
Imma open the door real quick
Is this and real song or is it oc
keke can legally cure your depression
Whats the song?
whats the music
I love Samoyeds
This reminds me the magic guy some how
:)
*I MUST STEAL IT, AND NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW!!*
Hey wait but there a stranger,
Heyy
what's the song your videos make my day What is tis animation too?
Cuteness
Da dog forgor his glasses?
Let him in
My main question: What would this fellow cloud do if this continued.
Hello homan,I would please you after opening such fine piece of long square wood! Made from delicate hands of magic,shaped to look like a master piece!
whats funny is this music is actually called "cat synth" but it's a dog
fun fact: the song is called meow
whats the song?
yessir
I would open the door for that good boy/girl!
Song name?
:3 cute
What’s the music in this video?
Ok
His lil nose 💖✨🥺
This doggo is 🅒🅞🅞🅛           WHAT IS THE SONG NAME I NEED TO LISTEN TO THIS IN SPOTIFY
good job :D
So cute!
We miss u, keke. 🥺
Woof
J'avais pas vu le million! Félicitations Kevin
All I can think of is:  "open the door- right now -or im gonna throw rocks through your window you dumb-" but all he actually is, is: "open door and you get the mlem"
what's the original video?
What is the name of this song?
Music?
I would open the door for these doggos in the middle of the purge
I want to know the fucking song
Bamber
Name of the song plisssss
Popdog
Awe, he wanted to visit the optometrist's.
Aa cool how
Genuinely what's the name of this song
why does is that dog's tongue a pair of balls
Eee ah ee oo ee Ah- Eh Ooo Eeh! Eh Ooo Ehh ahh Eee ah- Aaaaaahhh! Ooo Aaaahh ehh eueeeee- ooooo aaaaaahh! Ooo ahh Eugh- Eee ah-
Aw cute!
Amazing
Open the door or im gonna throw rocks at your window
Art
*opens door for him*
*door bell* me:one sec *sees trough door hole* *opens door* Dog:Woof me:Oh hello little fella- *grabs shotgun* me:  :D im going to die :'D *shoots*
SAMOYEDS.ALL.SAMOYEDS
I like this song what is it :3
What song is playing?
Dog goes- :0
can we talk about how much you improved?
Can i get the name of the music i really vibe to this song
Do you touch grass?
I liked this so fast
Song?
I appreciate this even if its from 2 weeks ago thank you for materializing on my homepage
Is that a dog ir shiba?
the dog house
keke is the best flipnote artist
For those who are wondering what the song name is:  The song is “meow” by lvusm
whats that song i need it so i can take nap more often
The music. Now.
A wise man I see. He would most likely join me over a cup of tea and talk about the stock market.
*no*
I will open the door if you sing more of that beautiful music.
waow
Ok
Captions: *[Music] be [Music]*
this refilled my will to live
Serotonin… all I can really say
Open the door and adopt the fine fellow
Know the name of the song?
Song?
Open the door for him he said
You need to open the door for him
0:13 wholesome
You’ve really improved since the last time I watched you”
sure eggdog clone come in we have candy
Literally my thoughts the whole time watching this: https://youtu.be/ETEj3lukKKo
I love how fluid these animations are ❤
Me with my brother if someone has the doorbell ring:BORK BORK BORK my older sister and brother:WHAT THE F-
Open the door, it's me, a good boy!
what is song
Bork
The fact the drawn renditions are barely exaggerated at all says a lot about dogs honestly
😙😚😗😘😍😗😙😚😎😂🤣😘😗😙😚😍cute beutyfull♥️
“Is that a bear or a dog?” “I don’t know.”
I wanna eats it’s nose
0:01 lol ball doore
anyone know the song name :0
Thanks
lvusm - Meow
I thought that was a eye looking into my own soul
Hmm a cute and polite doggo, If that doggo come to my house, ill open it and treat him like a king.
This just gets better everytime you watch it
today is my 16th birthday :)  Tbh it's kinda scary being so close to adulthood
Thank you for the captions I didn't know what was going on
Awww that lil doggo
Don't be fooled by his respectable and attracting appearance, he's using it to his advantage so he can raid your home and steal your stuff
Name of the song pls xd
what song is it?
What’s the original video
Bruh what
Based off the thumbnail I thought it was gonna be a reference to this guy  https://youtube.com/c/Jakesterguy
what's the song?!
aw
evil melon when door
what is the music in this video i need more plz
Noice
Song name?  Please
The kind of intruder that i would invite in
what's the music
Shit, the IRS!
what software do you use, it looks like flipnote but theres way more colors
yes.
Hola
Leave it to keke to make cute animal images even cuter!
I can spend all day to watch this
I would definitely open the door for the fellow
What song is this
booper looper
Gib. Song.
bro congratulations on the million subs, keep it up but without disappearing for a long time xd
Dumb question, but what song is this? It sounds familiar
what da dog doin
what da dog doin
what is the song 0_0
Finally a post
I'd love to see you animate that cat in the doorbell camera with the lady saying "GET TF OFF MY PORCH"
What are these dogs, Samoas? I forget what they're called but they're the only dog I'd ever consider owning    Besides Golden Retrievers :3
What software do you use
I love you
C:
flipnote hatena is always good memories
What music name?
THE SONG IS CALLED "MEOW" NOT "WOOF"
I thought it was a polar bear
I would
No
This cured my anxiety
I’ll take 10 of whatever she’s selling
Ah yes my daily therapist lessons  from my favorite dog, you may come in.
keke, are you the distant relative of K.K.Slider?
come in ya fluffy boi and sing me your tunes
Lol no
This made me so happy
I definitely going to open...when am done whit my b r e a d and c o o f e e
As long as this keeps popping up in my recommendations imma keep watching it multiple times a day
song name is “Meow” by ivusm I recommend it very chill and good song
AHHHHHHHHHHH THSI SONG!!!!!! COMOFRT SONG!!!!!!
What songis this?
Haha funny dog
come inside i have water for you-
I thought the thumbnail was an eyeball
What is this song
Whats the song used?
Meowsynth
Yes
Reminds me of those The Dog happy meals from 2004
Dogs: doing stuff My eyes: ➡️⬅️➡️⬅️➡️⬅️➡️⬅️➡️⬅️
The song's good with the animation, will it be cool if you guys can tell me what the song is?   Btw, this is wholesome, can't wait for the next one!
*DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR, HE IS NOT WHAT HE SEEMS.*   He is what he seems.
Whats the song
Ouverte
I'd open the door because he is very cute and I want to pet him.
song?
well that was a good day-starter. :))   that was swell
music
Me:*sees him* Dad:Lets him in Me:*its so cute*
No.
Oh no murder
Song name pls
Why do I think this is so cute
idk man…
https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y Here’s the original
what song is this?
https://youtu.be/O5dc-Nb7eQ4
What did they use to animate this?
doggo.
The dog looks like he runs a tax consulting firm in Brisbane, and the bear is one of his clients waiting to be buzzed-in.
he go for his glasses :D
fricking love it :)
What is this music from? It sounds like Animal Crossing
I really could do with -out- that last part
The music sounds like an indie game store tbh
What animation program för u use?🐶
Hi there, I'm gonna need to know where that incredibly cute tune is from 😍😍😍
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
No me canso de ver esto
very good,I love it.
What is this song
OMG I WANNA HUG A FLOOFY DOG SO BAD J̷̜͉̝̲̮͚͔̘̩̏d̵̛͍̬͎̞̳̞̯̘́̎̋͑̿̑̍̔̈͘ơ̶̡̛͎̗̰̩̮͇̟͕̻̙͚̫͖̺͚̋͊̿̆͆̈́͝e̵̞̟̫̓̓̆͐̔̓́̔̎̾̈́̀̾̐͂̽̊̑n̵̨̙̟͙̱̻̰̲̹̘̹͉̩̫̤̗̪͓͔̱͛̂̃̈́̆̕̚͝e̶̢̻̩̲̫̲̥͉͔̎̑͝i̸̡̢̛͈̥͇̳̜̤̤͙̩͕̙͚̲̖̩̭͚̅͑̓̐̏̓̏͌̆̄̍̍̄͘͘͠ͅs̶̡̡̘͉͍̘̳͖̙̯̺͔̾̓͒̃͋̓͋̀̊̍̚͝͠o̵̢̝̜̟̠̲͚̭̖̲̙̤̖͍̩̺̦̻͑̌̓̋̐̄̋̊̈͑̀̄͜͝ẃ̶̲̣̙̳̎͌́̊͑̈́̓͊̅̌̌̇̿͋̈́̕͘̚͝j̶̢̧̖̤̫̞͎͔̤̱̗̯̰̭͆̉̿͊̊̅̽̇̉̽̓͒̐̀̓̎̾ͅd̷̯̪̟̜̘̞̻̠͕̦̠͇͚̥̝̀̎̾̾͜͝o̴̝̖̟̗͝ȇ̶̡̡̦͎̖͎͉͈̥̱̬͆͂̈́͊͌͂ḷ̴̢͓͕̫̤̫̱͊̈̽̒͜͝w̴͎̭͈͖̭͈̖̥̥̯̗̏̽̓͛̊͊̀͘͜͠ͅơ̶̱̜̬͂̓͋̇̀͆͆̊̓̈́̀̈́̕͝͝j̵͎͎̔̓̈́͒̇͂͂̃̑̐͗̕͠d̴̡̧̛͇͔̝̹̣̭̱̖̦̹͙̱̹̻͙̗͊̊́͛̎͒ͅį̶̡̢̡̛̘̰̤̥͓̳̌̒̀̓̏̐̾͑͗͌͐̏̍̕͜͜͜͠d̵̤̭͈̉̀̋̀͛͂̈́̆̆͋͊̽̃͆͗̎ǫ̴̤̟̘̲̪͔̹͔̦̟̥̟̉̿̉̀̎͗̂̑̓͐̅͝͠d̴̡̡͔͍̗̭̻̗̪͇͔̣̮̣̂̑͌̈͛͆j̷̡̧̻͎̠̻̯͚͈͎̃̒͊̔͛̑͒͐̃͌̐̚͝i̸̡̧̧̨̛͈̦̭͇͓̦̹̩̗̙̦͎͙͕̩͒͑́̑̌͂͒̎̓͆͘͜͠ề̸̛̦̜̠̼̯̲̦͖̺̈́͋̑̏̿̄̒͗̌͘j̷̧̧̢̭̜̪̘͖̠͙̮̮̦͐͋̄
im watching this on loop while eating ramen
Samoyeds
Emmm yes
You wanna know how I got your address.... Don't worry about that
Nice
OPEN THA DOOR, RICHIE,  OPEN THE DOOR, TO LET ME IN
Your animations are too cute, man
Song?
what song is this I NEED ANSWERS
Song?
that ain’t a dog that’s a polar bear
Thank you Kévin, very cool
What song is this?
Is the song a preexisting one? Cuz if so, I want the full version of it
Donut
Whats the song?
“Greeting fellow hooman, I have come to collect my pats”
OPEN THE DOOR OR IL... uh... throw a rock at... YOUR WINDOW!!!
Quite the rapscallion
which song is this
SONG NAME?
Open the door for this doggo You know you want to
Nah, he’s going to kill me with cuteness and love
Song
You open the door, but he is already inside
Can someone please tell me what this song is. I need to know immediately
elevator music be like:
FBI OPEN UP
If anyone knows the song, please tell me!
So CUTEE!! I got heartattack because this is so adorable
I show this to my teather when she has a bad day
I looped it
Awwwwwww!!!
waow
Let him in, he's cold outside
OFCOURSE
Yes I’ll open it
Alternate universe where we live in pixels when
This is enough to give a grown man a cardiac arrest.
What is the music?
soooo cute!!! <3
Music?
hmm yes my daily seratonin
No.
meow by lvusm That's the song if anyone wants to search up for it! 👍
For those who want to know the name of the song, its just "meow"
GIVE ME THE DOG
Thanks for making my day just a little better 👍
Ok but this music is nearly as good as the animation-
Ah yes, this is what the dog is doin.
Anyone know where the original meme video came from?
I have been blessed. also if your wondering what adhd is like it’s this every time you try to focus
Not gonna lie I was mildly hoping this would have Edge of Dawn from Fire Emblem Three Houses in the background of that meme where it just loops the line "Open the door"
or im gonna throw rocks through your window
I would gently boop the snoot.
“I don’t care who the IRS sends I am NOT paying taxes”
This seems like something that would be created in 2015 and I love that.
the dog that the annoying cousin has be like me: *Pets 31415926 times*
music pls
He looks so polite, would definitely open the door
What's the song?
He is groovin. Will you accept such a man into your abode? Or shall you reject his offer and continue to wallow in nothing but regret and sadness? The choice is ultimately yours.
What kind of dog is he/she?
I clicked on this video thinking this was a horror game playthrough and the thumbnail was an eyeball, hahaha.
Um which Nintendo ds do you use for animation
Ive seen this on my fyp 14 times this week
666k views
What is this music?
This improved my mental state in a way no medication could.
Let him in! Let him iiiiiiinnnnn-!
Bamber
The thumbnail: Open the door. Me: **opens door**
Does anyone know what this song is? It’s very catchy.
i refuse to believe u animate w just a 3DS
I DON'T CARE WHO THE IRS SENDS
Song credit: Meow by Ivusm
him
So one hour loop coming when?
What is this music called?
he even recreated the entire room and the shadow of the guy who took the photo
I think I screwed up my phone. It says it lasts 12 minutes and 49 seconds.
Dude the dogs look so professional 😭🤣
Id open the door
I love this so much 😭💖💖💖 i don't know how many times i watch this already :'')
Would open anytime :D
this is very cute
What a distinguished gentleman
Why this is so perfect ?
song is meow by ivusm
Dam dude that’s the best flipnote I’ve ever seen! Nice !
Part 2? Lol
This is a certified good classic
Ok, this is the 4th time this got into my reccomended today, and it's the 4th time I've clicked on it. The algorithm knows me well
I’ve watched this multiple times. now I know what da dog doin. he gettin his glasses
Let him in :(
sure thing
Gud 3ds animation. +100 respecc gained.
Song please!
Open the gates for dogos
what song is this!
When he opens the door: The dog:weve been trying to reach you for your cars extended warranty
Ok I must open door
samoinu. samoyed. samoyed inu. samo.  the best.
Hey what music have been used for this video? Cuz i love it.
what is the song in the bg?
Song?
Was this a meme
dog
OH GOD, leave them out!  Meow.
PEPSI
Open the door
🤣
If I met this dog I would want to hug them.
Come in little pup
what song please
This video is so cute!
you should have put a tw for cuteness
S m o o t h
that 2nd one was just 🤌❤
Don't let them in.
What is this song?
The thumbnail looks like a giant eye at first.
god i love this channel
Как мило))
* fnaf 2 hallway ambience *
what is the music used for this? btw kekeflpinote your art brings me a smile every time :)
haha the song is called "meow" when the video is of a dog
I don’t like this
I watch this at least 3 times a day since posted.
What’s the original video/footage/source of the Dog barking that this animation specifically is based upon?
He is a good boy, let him in
What song is this?
whats the song please
I’m terribly sorry, but the lock seems to be broken and I am unable to open the door for you sir.
Abre la puerta. Spanish for Open the door(please correct my spelling if I misspelled it)
Sauce for the music?
d o g
Your videos always give me nostalgia back when I was in middle school and Hetina flip-note was still around.
Lol his cute
I thought the dog was an eye at first so I thought this was gonna be a spooky
Gimme them tunes! (Translation: I would enjoy it if an individual would partake in the act if providing the musical content incased with this video).
Omg samoyeds :sob:
Remember the time i was depressed? That all changed here
So cute and good art 👌🏻
Henlo hooman cam u ples open da dor. Tank u hooman
Hey kekeflipnote Could you plz make ES HORA DE BEBER/COMER/CORRER/ROBAR/SALIR Plz :)
What's this music's name?
OH MY GAW THIS IS SOOOO CUTE
Yes
I don't care what he's selling, Ima take his entire stock
SO GOOD
HOW DO YOU DRAW THIS WELL
(death threats)
Is this the music used? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y
I will open the door
Love it
when I first saw those 2 photos I tagged you on twitter with em   and I'm glad this happened
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
Song : meow by ivusm
On what program do you animate?
NOSE!
dog be spitting facts tho 🔥
Where can i get the music?
Happy
Open the door, stop having it be closed
hehe circle dog                 (whats this song called?)
How to make vedios like you on iPad
I can't stop coming back to this every couple of hours
Can i know the music to this cute video?
Blep
I agree
“open the door, im freezing out here so please let me in?”  thank you very much”
I LOVE THIS *TOO* MUCH.
I thought that was an eye in the thumbnail.
When a dog starts yelling in funk e-piano, you let him in.
I love this
NO!
Open the door or I’m — gonna throw rocks at your window
Song is called meow but video is dogs? Blasphemy, I love it
LET HIM IN
Incredible
Let that sink in
LOL
Open the damn door
dam this is so emotional
Sauce
This is so terrifying
metro boomin make it boom
pov george costanza in that one episode
Adopt
GET THE FUCK OFF MY PORCH /ref
OG vid link? Too funny and cute i have to have it
what song is this?????
Yes
lol
*Gladly opens door*
My lost someone I loved very many ch a few days ago this help alot
Im so happy
Me earbuds are crackling
Song is Meow by Ivusm if anyone was wondering.
a million bits bro amazing
Go on, open it.
It’s funny how the title of the song is “meow” while it’s being used for a dog animation
well, what are you waiting for? open the door!
The song is meow
what’s not to like
What's the name of the song?
wowowowoooo
I can't tell if that was a polar bear or a dog.
This song is called ‘Cat’ by the way :].
wha song.
I love this animation so much! It's so lively and bouncy and cute, and it goes perfectly with the song!
Omg is that Kel from OMORI?
Its son soutien cute❤❤😍❤❤
Let the doggo in, doggo forgot glasses. See you later, doggo.
*metro boomin make it boom*
What's the music called please tell me!
No I will not open the door
Now we gotta wait another 2 weeks for him to upload.
Let him in he forgot his glasses he’s not allowed to drive without them
d'nawwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
I will not open the door. He is obviously trying to steal my enormous cheese collection.
<3
Doggos
Wub wub wub, wub "wub wub" wub!  *wub*
What song is this?
I’m honestly addicted to this video now, So simple for my ape brain
this video brings me insurmountable joy thank you kekeflipnote!
Thought the thumbnail was just a giant eyeball and clicked it anyway. Glad I did.
made my day!!!
open the door.
Gladly
Song name?
I would let the doggie in
...       *BOI*      THIS IS SO F*CKING ADORABLE
He seems like a respectable young gentleman, I don’t see why not.
This video will give smiles and happiness to whole world.
It looks menacing, but then you click on it 💀
D O G  I S P O G
Anyone know the misic?
This channel is the definition of happiness.
So cute
If only there's a heart tipped arrow shooting straight to my heart will I finally feel something
788
WHATS This SONG cALLED
Song?
So frickin cute
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Doggo:Open the door.  Me:As you wish,your highness.
Internet gem
Sure
This 14 seconds worth everything
I will open the door
What’s the song? (Great Video as always btw)
wao wao wao wao wao W A O
Brought me a smile when my pregnant sister was yelling at her husband for "reasons". Thanks bro.
What music?
Anyone know the song?
My heart melted 🥰💕
this channel dies when their nintendo ds battery dies
What song is this?
I love samoyeds so much :)
I am proud to have the same species of dog here
Amazing how Keke uses 3 cars to make animations with the entire color wheel, it's not like they are using a modified/newer version I stead of the original dsi software
your videos always make me so happy!
I love this
meow
I NEED the music.
Doggo :)
Rhythm game type beat
Door has been opened, come on in! ✅
What the music?
I hope so much that he is not a furry...
What’s the music
Music?
THE MUSIC AAAAAAAAAA
This brings joy
I cried of how cute this was, I'm not even joking
All dogs are cute my dad loves them
The only salesman I’d wanna interact with
These dogs are called Samoyeds I own one :)
I want more.
Good boy
I've been genuinely so depressed. This shit helps way too much pfft
Definitely needed this 😁
Beautiful use of Lvusm’s meow!
HOLY SHIT
This is so fucking important
This is the best video I've ever seen in my life
Music?
Beautiful, every frame is a masterpiece. Word cannot describe how much I adore every second.
What's the song?
What da music
Song
What song is that
Jajajaja XD
Wow how u made that scatman animation 6 years ago and still daily uploading
A kind businessman
the fact that the original song for this was for a cat
The thumbnail make me think donut and KEkeflipnote
Wut da dog doin
Imma open the goddamn door for him
what is the music called?
What song is this?
Anything for this dog, come on in!
Pov: I let dogo in and he transformed to puppy
yo why does it say it's an hour long when it finished help?
LET HIM IN
Praise be keke, another wonderful vid
papapapapapawe?? Papappapapapaw!!
i’m sorry doggo. i’m afraid i cannot do that.
“Open the door- or I’m gonna throw rocks through your window...”
Song name?
What the dog doin?
A floofy baby boy, I want one
Open The Fucking Door Jerry
Depressed Left the Server
Your art style is so unique and looks amazing. Its crazy how much it adds to how cute everything in your videos is.
"Help me there's a polar bear outside my house"
who is this
Good bois are always welcome.
Damn bro my food got here early
I was fully expecting hearing the "open the door or I'm going to throw rocks at your window" Dr Phil audio but I'm glad it was this instead :)
Meow
Everyone trying to log into Final Fantasy XIV right now, lol.
This is perfect.
Can i have the link to the music?
This dog wishes to be let in and fed yet you are laughing
SO CUTE AND AWESOME 💖💖💖💖💖👏
Song?
We share the same species so…
Beautiful
OPEN THE GOD DAMN DOOR.
The song is meow by lvusm https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y
Open the door, or I’ll throw rocks through your window!!
what's the song?
What song is this?
you heard the man. open up.
*opens door*
I need to know the song of this
song?
The subtitles heard "be" so B E spam this comment section
Lyrics: Bow bow bow bow bowww Bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow Bowbowbowbow boww Bow ba Ba bowbow bowbow  Translation: Please let me in oh pleaseee I’m really cold out here if ya know what I mean I’m in I am inside the house
at first glance thought is big eye ball thumbnail
Best thing I've ever seen
The last one was cute
Open the door! Stop having it be closed!
Thanking you for reminding me of The Dog. (...artist collection associated with student stationery in the 2000s.)
fish eye lens in a nutshell on animal crossing
aww, I can’t decide which side is cuter.
Music plsssss
idk why i was expecting the “let me in please” tiktok audio lmao
So cute! I like it ;3 , that door must be opened! 🗣️ .
this is pure wholesome
I rly need to know this song Anyone could tell me?
what’s this song?
So true
Ok but is it KEEK or KEH KEY
anyone know the name of the song?
Musique?
Samoyeds????? My day has been made
Open the door or I’ll throw rocks through your window
wonderful i love thank you yes
I love this! I know where I heard this originally and I didn't see Keke put it in thr description so I'll leave it here for anyone want to hear more of the song: https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y
If you're cold, he's cold, let him in!
kekeflipnote has joined the chat *Depression has left the chat*
Perfect!
I was here from 84 subs :)
Adult swim bumpers be like:
no
“you said how i found yo address?”
Dog : Open the door
I'd open the door in a heart beat. that dude or gal is a cute fellow
Es,  Hora,  de,  comer.
I accidentally hit the dislike button ;-; luckily you can just hit the like button again :)
Откройте, это подарки от Эльдорадо!)
Awww
This is amazing!! What program do you use to animate this? Aseprite? Adobe after effects? Photoshop?
The song is called “Meow”, you traitor.
no
Wat da mysic bro
song?
I'd love to open the door
Thank you keke <3
Song?
singing polar bear? yes.
YES.
Elle s'appelle comment cette chanson?
This video has good energy
marshmallow doggo :D
Aww!! So adorable :)
pls opn the dorr
Need song
So cute!
keke is just talent in the form of a person
SATISFIED
"Gimme Mah dishes"
What’s the original video called
This is why I have YouTube.
What song is this?
what song is this
What’s the name of the song?
Ice Bear-
Where song??????
Mais, où est la baguette?
the name of the song is called meow by Ivusm
Omg
:)
🚪 *opens door*
Well what are you waiting for? Open the door, get on the floor, do the god damn dinosaur!
I bet kekeflipnote just sees a video like this and says "yep, I'm animating that."
Funny dog that sings, what a good to be.
the dog make music :poger:
Open the door! Doggy wants in!
humain, ouvre-moi la porte, toi qui as la clé
stalin: So why you are in hell anyways?  I    D I D N T    O P E N    T H E   D O O R   F O R     H I M
ironic because the song is call cats
Keke vids always make to sure to make my day better and they never fail
Omori
Love your stuff. So freaking cute!
Adorable. 💖
I'm afraid not
I Love It
Hello. I am the mailman, open the door.
The good boi forgor his glasses
Amazing animation! What song did you use?
Kawai. >w<
BOOP❤
funny and cute side by side
I LOVE IT  Say, um, what's the song? It's so wholesome I wanna know, please!!!
Such a cute doggo
Song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y
10/10 would open
Look at this distinguished gentleman
TA chido
Legitmetly thought that was a polar bear.
The power of using a song called "meow" on a video about dogs, lol
YES, i love the "meow" song, ty keke
wish i knew the background theme ... sounds catchy af be to listen to it while keepin busy.
This is the only good video on trending
*Opens door*
What’s the name of the song?
This video just yeeted my depression to space
“Get on the Floor. Everybody do the Dinosaur!”
lemme in please
:)))) good boy
This is amazing
He seems polite, I'll let him in
Don’t mind me here dying from cuteness and wholesomeness (I’m very late)
so beautiful :')
Ily
Brian
We all waited for this and it was worth it
If you're looking for the song: it's "meow" by lvusm !
What’s the song?
umm what's the music name? I want the full version :(
Nice
Heaven and hell are two very real literal places. And we all deserve Hell because we all have sinned and fall short of God's glory (Romans 3:23.) Nobody is righteous, nobody is sinless, and God will justly give us what we deserve by casting us in Hell for eternity where there is no rest. But even though we deserve Hell, God is still gracious and loving to us. He sent his only Begotten Son, Jesus Christ, to give us another chance. Jesus lived a perfect sinless life, He was tempted in every way as we are yet He never sinned. He paid the price for our sins when He was crucified and died a horrible death. Isaiah 53 says His appearance was disfigured beyond that of any man and His form was marred beyond human likeness. Jesus suffered to take the punishment we rightly deserve. Then, He was buried for 3 days, but He conquered death and rose again on the 3rd day. Jesus offers you the free gift of Eternal Life. He wishes that all would come to Him, and He will never turn you away. If you simply believe that Jesus did die for your sins and rose again on the 3rd (1 Corinthians 15 1-4) , and if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart God raised Him from the dead (Romans 10:9-10) then you are saved. No matter what you have done, Jesus loves you, He wants you to accept His free gift of Eternal Life. Now, you're probably laughing at me right now and scoffing, but I only say this because even though I don't know you, I love and care for you. I don't want you to end up in Hell. You know in your heart that this is true, Jesus is Lord. Don't suppress the truth, your eternity is at stake. Please just think about it.   Revelation 3:20 "Here I am! I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in and eat with him and he with me." Revelation 22:17 "Whoever is thirsty, let him come; and whoever wishes, let him take the free gift of the water of life."
Such an amazing recreation
Possible
How are the Animations so fluid???
Ding Dong Ya the electronic deadbolt you have wasn't working. So when would you like to do the initial Inspection?
A respectable lad. What fine wares does he bring?
does anyone know where to find the original vid of the dog at the door?
I would buy anything and everything he's selling
I admit I was expecting someone to walk the dinosaur.
I like dog
Idc if it hasnt even been an atom of a second, i am letting this pupper in  🐶🐶🐶🐶
so cute
You could be a millionare if you turn all of these into NFTs... If so... hope to get a cut for the advice... lol
Watching this video was a highlight to an otherwise exhaustingly miserable day <3 Keep been amazing \o/
Almost forgot to watch this *F***ING MASTERPEICE*
No thanks the dogs in Christ and satan's mangy unwelcomed unwarranted  ravenous wolves are always available in packs whithersoever I may go let them stay where beast belong on the other side of the door.
Cute+
This video is perfect
I wish this were a full song, so good😩
I thought this was going to be super creepy judging by the thumbnail… BOY was I wrong!! This is SO CUTE and wholesome!! 🥰
I thought  the thumbnail was a gigantic eye for a second and thought that keke had gone to the dark side
What da dog doin?
beautiful
HE IS BACK WITH THE DOGS LESS GOO
No.
What's the name of the music?
I officially feel old because I don't understand what this is. There must be a backstory and some research to help me out
This is blessed
amazing
If I can modify a VST, I want to swap out the cat in meowsynth with this animation.
Cute ^^
what is this song?
What is this song thoooooo
Wow, trending!
"heyeyeyey plplplease open dwa dwoor!!"
Music is meow by lvusm
I thought for some reason this was gonna be like some type of horror
Dogs with glasses are really cute tho
why did i think it was going to be "open the door, or I will throw rocks through your window"
“Can you open the door?” “It’s getting kinda cold out here, my paws are freezing on the floor.”  “Thank you for letting me in :3”
That song that you used for this is awesome can u tell me what it is
K. K. Slider origin story
It's that zip furio!
Cute version:
Cute animals is his theme
FBI! (video title)!
If doggos can do this imma get a doggo
How smart is the bio with glasses?
anyone know what song this is? I love this
I will open the door thank you very much
Awwww...how cute
I like the part where the dog exists
YEAAAAA i’d let them in
hey look it's the new Animal Crossing update!
Congrats on one million!
To translate what they were saying: "We've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty"
I need more of this content in my life, please and thank you.
name song pls
whats the song
so cute omg
What’s the music? It’s so adorable!
Thank god they removed the dislike feature on this video!
Get on the floor, everybody walk the dinosaur
Adorable
I thought it was going to be the Dr Phil audio where he says "open the door bitch or I'll throw rocks at your window" or something
whats the song? 😅
Dr. Grossman: *ANSWER THE DOOR*
Magic
That nerdy pupper has mastered the art of dorkitude. I needs one.  And then you somehow made him cuter. How dare you. Never stop.
I need the music Someone tell me what's the music used in this video.
w a it i didnt expect it to move im crying-
I seriously thought that the thumbnail was a massive, absolutely terrifying floating eyeball that wanted to pierce my soul and destroy it from the inside out. Then I realized after clicking its just a doge with a huge booper.
Open
Keke's videos always bring me such joy
What is the name of the song used?
AH SOO CUTIE!!!!!! 💞💞💞💞
I'mma leave the door open~ - Bruno Mars, Silk Sonic
I like how the original song is called "meow" but its literally a dog, good job though
Meowsynth its forever the best FL studio Plugin
ayo PIZZA HERE
what song is this?
This has given me a new will to live and restoration of my faith in humanity
Ofcourse, come right in sir
Alternate video title: „Im gonna save ur day“
WHAT SONG IS THIS???
Awww
NOW THIS IS THE CONTENT I SUBSCRIBE FOR! FUCK YEAH!
I love your animations! What's that cute music?
Please never stop making these wholesome animations
This made my day, thank you.
Open the door you monster!!!
dont be fooled this dog is cute and adorable
Nice 👍👌
absolute and complete joy from this, thank you
Smiling :)
Yeah! Keke lore is complex.
Feels good man
If videos could be hung on walls like paintings, this’d be the one on loop
Wowowowowwwwoowowowwowowwowwowowowowww
All I heard was FBI OPEN UP-
Wonderful
open the door we have your baby
Everyone needs a little bit of KekeFlipnote in their life
I love how you animated a mouth opening frame and then just ytp edited it to the pace of the music
this animation is so cute !
WHATS THE SONG
I openly out loud giggled at this.
dog sticks out tongue fo treats #BigNoseDoggy
Song?
I thought this was gonna be the “open the door, or… im gonna throw rocks through your window you dumb whore” meme
I'm so much of a scaredy cat that when the dog started singing I got actually scared.
comment
I opened the door and he asked me if I would like to know about our lord and savior Jesus Christ :(
perfecto
I wish these were stickers so that I can put them on my pc
Smol dog is awaiting you outside your door will you open it?       >yes          											                >no
Jeez ok! I am going to open it for you I just have 8 different locks I need to open first!
-or im gonna... throw rocks throw your window
Please does anyone have a link to the full song?
ironic since the song is called meow haha
Must boop the snoot 🐶
"Open the door Jeremy, I've come for you mother's soul. It's a week overdue"-dog at the door
Could I get the source on the song? Thanks.
Okay the fact that this song is called “Meow” makes this even funnier.
Song is "Meow" by "Ivusm"
+1 for more.
LOVE the glasses one!
I thought it was gonna do Pigstep for a sec
i'd open the door. and if you wouldnt...it defines who you are EVIL
No, can’t make me.
You got an achievement ! Wholesome homie checkpoint!   Make a wholesome checkpoint for your homies
He’s wearing a sweater, open that door!
Excuse me keke can you do an oh toodles animation ur characters :3
I opened my mouth and let out a high pitched yelp.     My cry for help from the cuteness
Mo
my heart 💓💓💓💗💗💘💘💗💗💘💘💘💓💓💓
I will open the door if those dogs are there
AT FIRST I THOUGHT HE HAD HIS MOUTH WIDE OPEN I CANT THIS IS TOO CUTE >.<
*Gets a 14 second unskippable add for a 14 second video* ...Worth it
*Gets a 15 second unskippable ad for a 15 second video* ... worth it.
scute
M A J I G
I gently open the door-
I didn't want to open the door but something that cute can't hurt me right?.... R-right?
Not to be that person, but what is this lovely music?
YES
Watch this video get big
too CUTE
this just made me go :)
Yes
I will happily open the door with fresh water and treats at the door. Such a respectable fellow.
My heart... last part bursting my heart...
How do you get the Flipnotes in so high quality ;-;
Uwu
song?
Thanks youtube
ROCKS THROUGH YOUR w i n d o w
This is what I live for, just this.
:)
I got major "The DOG Island" vibes from that first clip.
if someone sees this comment, what's the song? it's nice
so cool
I will open the door, even if there are consequences… like snow
THIS brings me great joy
Hellä!
what's the music?
What's the song used?
Love this
I shall.   Even though when I read that title all I can think of is Dr. Phil.
wa wa wa wa wa wau wa wa wa wa wa wau wau wa wa wa wa wawa wau
He seems very polite let him in
It's a good day when Keke uploads 😊
Keke will you accept my hand in marriage
:)
let him in
The second animation looks like Ralsei lol
the song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwyTleTL06Y
my friend: does he have food for the party? me: he gives me food for my happiness *let him in*
WHATS THE SONG CALLED I LOVE IT SO MUCH
Who thought it was an eye?
Super duper adogable!
Sickness and work were carrying me away.. If not for this adorable and polite dog singing at my door.
This little animation made me happy. Cheers
perfection
i think i might open this door...
WHY DOES THAT LOOK SO MUCH LIKE POBY FROM THE PORORO SHOW?!?! XD
Wholsome
let him in
*me trying to open the door* Why isn't this working!?
Greatly enjoy this music
Well Let him In, He's gonna freeze out there, in the UK Cold
Let him in.
Doggy!  X3 XD
opening the door ASAP
Let him in, he asked nicely
I wasn't expecting a cute song, and just the "OPEN THE HECKING DOOR"  But I'm not disappointed.
Blessed video
Lol
It's funny how the original audio is from Catsynth but this animation features a dog instead. (Still cute as hecc tho)
Song???
Incredibly efficient! Made me smile and have a grrat day in 15 seconds!
Thank you for showering us with this bubble of wholesomeness. We love you kekeflipnote.
Cute
I need original footage for wholesome purposes
When kekeflipnote uploads, everyone's day gets better.
0:12 Mr. peabody!?
:3
Yes, a dog
Yes, a dog
Gurenyuu
This is so wholesome!
How do you Even make pleasant music such as this
Super
shoob
He seems like a good boi, i need to p e t
This is the cutest thing I've seen in 2021
If you loop the video it actually sounds really good :)
Animal crossing's new camera like:
I will open my door for these Guys
Nose looking kinda THICC
Keke how do you make such beautiful flipnotes??
Wow
Hehe
keke's videos are very wholesome
A guy just told me that he saw me everywhere and I have mixed feelings about that
Yes
awww
absolutely phenomenal, music is meow by lvusm if anyone's wondering
Omg snoot
The second one is adorable
What’s the tune?
Samoyeds are great dogs. Thank you for this gift.
Ever since the day i discovered you i am still amazed everytime
Samoyed, yes?
blep.
Hehehehehhehehee🤣😍💛 warms ma heart!! Ty 💛💛💛
Oben it. Stop it beig not oben. Pls.
Open the door or I’m going to… Throw rocks at your window you dumb ***** -Dr. Phil
I’ve never seen a video before without any dislikes
Yes I will 👍
What tune is used in the video? It slaps!
I can't decide which one should be my new profile pic the glasses dog in real life or the glasses dog drawing. (ﾉ´ з `)ノ
Reasons to subscribe:
another great vid :)
This dudes animations are precious
The irony of the song being called Meow and you showing Doggies it's killing me
Let them in.
I see no possibility of anything going wrong, I'm opening the door.
Dogs wearing glasses are awesome!!
My heart
Tres bien!
Animation is beautiful as always, but I noticed how good the backgrounds are on this one!  Well done!
My awful day turned into beautiful day because keke uploaded new video
He forgor 💀
:)
does anyone know the song?
...Keke, you impress me time and time again. Well done
Congratulations on 1 milli
I LOVE THESE BOYS
This is hella awesome!!
Bro just let him in please
He can sing and he looks hella polite. I'm letting him in
YES
we need to treasure these adorable puppies. i love them so much!
metro boomin make it ✨ b o o m ✨
aaaww :3
best thing I've ever seen
Always short but extra quality
🚪
My animal crossing villagers when I’m trying to move furniture
Not even a single dislike. This is evidence of the purifcation power of your animations. It truely brings happienese even to the most bitter souls.
I love it
Ironic thing is, this song is made with meowsynth
What's the original??
🤣 lad you made my day thank you hope you enjoy  your December aswell ^^
*FBI open up*
Trop marrant
Im here to drink some cup of cute
We live in a society
Wut a soft fluffy polar bear
A smart dog         Very cute indeed
The only reason to dislike this video is ...it doesn't automatically loop.
Yo
hm, today i will let him in the house
feels like his trying to get the money that the residents loaned
awwww how cute, good job jsjs  or? jsjs as the song is called is jenial 💛
"mom im back from skool"
I love these videos keep up the good work man!❤
Awwwhhhh, smaoyeds in kekes art style even cuter <3
Hello! we've been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty.
the stalking entity trying to serenade me with a song (it is working)
It’s beautiful
I wouldn’t open the door for him, looks can be deceiving
Song name?
I let  out an audible "Aweeeeee"
Bleach for the soul
BAw BAw BAw BAw BAw BAw BAw  That really got me
Me @ Final Fantasy today.
"GET TF OFF MY PORCH!!"
c'est toujours une bonne journée quand Keke met en ligne une vidéo.
The first animation reminded me of those Dog Island toys.
Yooooo! Come in, come in! I have Doom Crossing: Eternal Horizons, let's play!!
Song?
THAT END!  SOOOO GOOD
Song?
music is "meow" by lvusm in case anyone wanted to know
Blep
Cute
It's TOO CUTE TO HANDLE AAAAA
More samoyeds pleaseee
this channel is life
These are always so good. ty for blessing us today keke
Music videos in the 90s be like
This was well worth the watch, thank you for the adorable puppos
Song/Melody? :3
It's 1:47am, I feel like garbage but then I see this and I crack a little smile :)
My heart is melting
Ayo, where’s the music for that???
I love this guy. His animations are so fluent
doggo
I sent this to my friends without context.
Ayyyyy congrats on hitting a million. 👏
i like how there's a dog at the door but the lead for the song uses the meowsynth vst this means that this dog can meow
I would open the door so fast
What a nice neighbor.
gonk
Let me in pleaaaaseee
Kek! 🤣
This just made my day.
impressive
If you this person on your doorstep call 911 inmeditaly and request an emergency team preparrd to attend a patiend with overdose of cuteness
I was having a bad day thank you for cheering me up
image a strange dog barking infront of your door in the afternoon.
Haha, is this meowsynth?
If aliens will ask us why humanity deserves to live, show them this guy's videos
the perfect birthday gift! thank you ☺️💖
Up next: The sequel "Get on the floor".
I feel blessed watching this
thanks homie
Yes
i saw a thing that said this would work kekeflipnote kekeflipnote kekeflipnote         and if u go to the bottom u get a surprise          it's worth it             ur cute ;0 stay wholesome everybody :3
idc if it's in the middle of the night, I'll always answer the door for this cute doggo :D
I require the name of the song
Let him in
I’m opening the door for them. I wanna give them all da pets. 🥰
This is the type of dog that if i see on the mall i would pet it anyways, even with my mother saying to i don't pet it
absolutely love the dog with glasses one
let him in  now
you cant stop me from using this as my profile picture on discord!! >:(
This is a masterpiece that should be the earth logo
C’est trop mimi 🥰
I don´t find the key TO open the door  🚪.....well .................... ....................  I FIND THE KEY! there is it: 🗝 Now let´s open the door to that dogo ................ .... 🐕 yeey!, he entered!!!  :D
this is the only time I would open the door for someone
Music?
You say how I got your address? You don’t need to worry about that
This is the M A G I C Cat's little brother
Cute 😊
I've been blessed
Thanks youtube for recommending this at 3 am
Congratulations for the 1,06 milions
기여오
Top 10 versions best than the originals
His singing voice is so beautiful
that is soo cute <3 i really like your work :D
He waits
Such a handsome lad :D
It’s always a good day when he posts. Also yes, I’m opening that door!
i love you this is cute and exactly what i need rn
You are one of my favorite artists. Thanks for this video
I shall open the door for this dog, he's just singing a song and I love it
I thought the dog was a rotting eyeball
Open the door..because it is obligated to let good Bois in
what song is this, because it's beautiful
Glorious
Very well said
Open the door or I will throw rocks though your window
This is art
why is this the only good thing in the universe omg this was so cuuute 💖
I thought it was gonna be the audio of charli d'amelio begging to be let into her room with an animation of a dog instead of charli. this is substantially better.
i love you
You may enter
Kekeniflope in 2021
Wonderful
YEAHHHHHHHH
*large* and ₛₘₒₗ doggo, very good
*Отлично*
Music is meow from lvusm
he came in to help you with your taxes
I thought it was going to be Dr Phil breaking into my house
Very Beautiful Very Powerful
This song is literally called meow 😂
Yes come in, just beware my cat, she can be agressive towards other animals
The song is meow. By luvsum
He seems very polite I would open the door for him
thank you
I want THE DOG
I honestly thought it was going to be that Dr. Phil clip.
give him dog treats  hi might stop:3~
sooo much effort! I'd love to see a cute lil indie game with cutscenes and style like Keke's animations, I'd play the game for the visuals alone!
am I the only one that thought thw dogs nose in the thumbnail was its mouth??
Can anyone tell me the song? :)
Me when I visit my best friend's house after covid
What's the song?
"Hey Kid,Got The Stuff?"
That's cute :)
What song is this
Me: *wakes up* Also me: *sees that keke has poster a video* Also also me: it is a beautifull day outside  :)
Just got home from school. Watching this was like a gift for surving another day, and I appreciate it
*Yes*
K, the last one almost killed me with cute
I'd open the door
I would let the dog in
I would let them in
I would let them in
Meow Is the best song of 2021
I would love to open the door!
I trust the good boy
"I don't care WHO the IRS sends I am NOT paying taxes"
Keke is not human, their power is beyond that of mere mortals. This is a masterpiece.
Awww
The villagers in the new update:
I loved 💝💝💝💝👉👈
😭😭😭
Hermoso
im dying
All I heard is “ let me I please “ lol
Smooth doggy
Boop the Snoot ^__^
I keep this on loop
Now I'm happy
I appreciate the music usage, whether it is added in or already in it, it provided additional cuteness in it
Sure
Wholesomes
:D
PLS WHAT IS THIS MUSIC?!?!?! Also love the animation ❤️
Eyo what's the name of the background music?
Ive opened the door
I have no reason not to.
"Art is suggestive" The Art:
That's dog for: Hello? Open the door pretty please! I forgot my glasses! Thank you!
i spilled wet clay all over myself today in sculpture class this made me feel a little better
Amazing
Impossible to not love this. Sooo cute!!! 😍
Чистоя милота хочу сказать)
Ohj
Well? You gonna let him in?
My daily dose of antidepressant
no
Me at 3 am at my friends house:
I will never tire of your content
OMG CUTE
Someone translate, QUICK!
Why do Chinese people eat cute things like this
What is the music?
Fucking spectacular
A great vid to make me smile this morning. Many thanks 💛 I needed this 😆💛💛💛
What is this song! Its amazing.
I needed this.  O was crying but now I feel a way better
What a refreshing way to start the day.
Aaah c'est trop choooou
Where is the song from?
This is why I love this channel
"Okay" *opens door*
Wow, that was really cool. 👍
Adorable
Dob
Ohh my god  This is so cute. (⁄ ⁄•⁄ω⁄•⁄ ⁄)
Question about your methods: Does dithering allow you to animate faster than other shading methods you might otherwise use?
I want to pet
"open the door coward"
You are overrated
Plot twist: He's been trying to reach to you about your car's extended warranty.
Fun fact, je faisais une crise d'angoisse, une fois allongé pour me calmer j'ai pris mon tél pour aller sur youtube et je suis tombé sur ta vidéo, ça m'a donné un grand sourire direct ~ tes vidéos sont des anti dépresseurs ❤️❤️
The last one is litterally Mr Peabody !!!
Damn, its so cute
What is the name of music, i forgor
Oh mon dieu, le chien avec ses lunettes il rend tellement adorable dans ton dessin 😍
Very kek
Adorable 🥰
Ah, a truly lovely start to the day!
*knock knock knock knock knock* "Let me in." *knock 6x* "Let me iiinn pleasee!"
As a red plumber once said, *"Open salami"*
This is simply lovely
Thank you
Awwwww Boop. 💕💕 😋🐶
no fcuking way    ralsei irl
What is the music and where did you find these pictures?
what the dog doin
Just for those wondering: the bounce happens in the last 2 seconds
I shall open my doors for all dogos
Song name??
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
Wow
Частота кадров просто сносит башню.
Song?
At first I thought that the nose of the first dog was his open mouth.
Does anyone know what the song is?
But whats the song???
I saw that little bounce!  Ain't no keke without bouncing!
GET OUT OF MY PORCH
Puffy!
DANG IT BRO MY HEART COLLAPSED FROM CUTENESS AGAIN
Im asking for the music, i need to hear more
i'm a simple man. i see doggo. i click.
What's the music thou? I want to vibe to it 😆
*my day is no longer terrible and I am happy*
Give him his glasses back! hes so precious
How are you able to make this so fluid
He seems like a good fellow, so imma let em in. •w•
U made my day
https://youtu.be/cwyTleTL06Y
Thanks you keke, very cool :)
Keke toujours dans le louvre et dans la bonne humeur(Smooth comme de l'eau 👌🏻)
i would let him in with no hesitations
Let the cute dear in :33333
10000/10 needed this
awwww <3
This does bring a smile to our faces.
Let that sink in
So adorable ! Amazing splendid work as always 😊 ❣️
What is the song used?
this is a special video
Seems legit I’ll open the door.
Telegram
Awesome.
i let in the frien
This cures all forms of cancer
dog want im
Funny dog is funny, very satisfactory
OPEN THE DOOR GET ON THE FLOOR EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR
This stops wars.
swagdog
♡
I think my day is blessed 🙏😭
Keke don't get carpal tunnel syndrome 😤🙏 I pray for your wrist that sacrifices itself for the beautiful animations
I've reached the wholesomeness overload
Early Gang also aw
Thank you so much for making this terrible day of mine a bit better
Petition to make the second one longer
Ok sure
I demand the song name
Yameteeee Yamete kunasaiii
This is adorable <3
Don't open the door Denji!
Merci Keke
I think syncing music to an animal opening its mouth isn one of the most unexplainably funny things out there
So wholesome 🥰
i exist because of this thank you keke much love <3    Ps: what's the music?
Do it, stink—
Yes
So adorable
This is soo cool !!Love your style!!
“I have not one, but 2 burritos.”
Hey I saw this video early from r/dmfs19
What the dog doin
I don't care who the Irs sends, I'm not paying taxes
10/10 experience, would open the door again. 🥰
And just like that, keke nails it again!
Cute
i thought this was the dr phil one what is wrong with me
Tão fofinho :')
Beautiful
Perfection!
Ok sorry for keeping you waiting you want something to drink
新作動画待ってましたーーー！！！！
What a well mannered young lad at the door!
Open the door
for a second i thought the dog's nose was their mouth and the shine was a little tooth lol, i realised my mistake p quickly,,, super cute animations as always :]
They better not have a knife with them, can't let them cut my butter!
i would let him hold my drink
15 seconds of wholesomeness. Thanks.
やっぱ魚眼レンズで見た犬は最強だなぁ。いつ見ても無敵の可愛さだ。
dog: hi can i tell you about our lord and savior jesus christ
Made my morning a little brighter :)
WOW
this was literally uploaded half an hour ago and it's already in my recommended, and you know what? I'm happy that it's there
IT'S SO FLUFFY I'M GONNA DIE
Pls open door for him.
Okey i will open the door for doggie:)
This is an important video.
Song is "meow" by lvusm
if cuteness were sugar, i'd be diabetic.
:)       (also song please)
Nerd doggo
Cute boi
Bootiful!
LET HIM IN
Round floofers. UwU
Ngl i thought that was a polar bear on the thumbnail
There's nothing more comfortable than sitting down with a warm drink and watching a Keke video
*beauty*
ㅤ
Thank you for blessing my eyes
He do be spitting straight facts
Keke, how do you manage to make my day better, no matter how bad its been?  Keke, comment fais-tu pour que ma journée soit meilleure, peu importe à quel point elle a été mauvaise ?
how was it possible to make this dog even more cute???!!!
As usual, a pure masterpiece!
In you come
I'd open the door for you Keke cause a good boy deserves to be treated like a prince
Cute
doggo
Allow the sphere to enter, he has asked nicely.
Awww☺️
song is "cat" by ivusm
Tes vidéos me donnent envie d'avoir des peluches à câliner mdrr
As always, Keke has brightened my morning with all this cuteness!
Ok
dacht babenfloofen
Whoah  Meowsynth  Takes me back
Cute!
The good ending: you let doggo in
Bow bow bow bow bow
Dawwwww!!!
WHATS THE SONG
Intelligent doggo
This made my day and it hasn’t even started yet
He chonkin
This reminds me of the _UP_ scene where Dug begged Carl Fredrickson to let him inside his house in the most adorable way possible.
me, staring at the still image of the dog: hehe :) me, when the dog suddenly borked to the music: haha :D
I have been trying to reach out to you about your car's extended warranty
Heck I'd give 'im the deed to my house!
did you make the music :0!!
what's the music from !!
This is the best thing I've seen today
C'est tellement mignon ! J'adore ton style d'animation >w<
Oh boi what you kitstsé
Keke’s videos always make my day :)
Sure
The music is soo good and adorable i wanna know the title! :³
pov: you are one lucky man with a cute dog at your doorstep.
Someone must have accidentally put a dislike because they are jealous of cuteness.
ok sure i will open it
I really want kekeflipnote merch, can't wait for the day I can wear an overly fuzzy doggo design or a hoodie with all of the birds on it
Это лучшее что я видел за сегодня)
wa
tw // extreme wholesomeness
*!!Trade Offer!!*  You get: a New subscriber  I get: a wholesome doggo animation.
cute :3
AAAAAA ADORABLE
Song?
it looks like he is wearing a shirt but the dogo is not ...
Please do the one with the spinning sea lion.
Cute ^-^
I would open the door for him. I think he locked his glasses in my house on accident.
IM EARLY YAYY
the smoothness of your animations really never fail to amaze me, like im looking at them for the first time
“Hello sir, I’m with the IRS”
And now I have diabetes and my sugar lvl is over 9000...  NO REGRETS THOU
Don't be shy, let him in already!
yes
It's so cute and fluid!
Шикарно
Oui.
your videos fill me with an indescribable amount of serotonin
WARNING: this video will make you go: ahwwww
Blep
I had a bad day... i watched this video... i do not have a bad day anymore.
Omo my hearttttt !
I want live in a world drawn by you
Such soft borks (о´∀`о)
On dirait qu'il aboie avec la musique <3
This makes me so happy.
POO ON THE FLOOR~
Cute!!! Well done!
:I    :O
This is so adorable
just came back from school, I've been blessed.
Gladly
Awww adorable 😍🥰
fantastic
Hello everyone, this is *your* daily dose of wholesomeness!
This song has been chasing me around instagram and now youtube, I am not disappointed:)
You make animation look easy
i love them greatly.
bear doggo
"Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God" - Scooby Doo
How in the hell do you make something that cute even cuter, its not scientifically possible.
Nice
Yes perfect
Fun fact that's noise is from a cat
i like da song. anyone kno name?
J'admire ton travail sur NDS, j'aimerais faire pareil mais je trouve l'écran trop petit donc mes dessins sont en carton x)
Keke you made me smile today for the first time. Thank you so much, I love your art and i respect your craft a lot :)
I really love door cameras sometimes.  I've seen videos of random animals looking at the camera or people dancing on the porch.
Loving the pupper with the glasses
MOAARRRRR <3 <3 <3
Coote
lemme in LEMME IIIIIN
Cool
u got some real talent my guy
this is what heavens guardians look like
Lyrics: *Music* “Wa ba ba ba bap pow” “Wa ba ba ba ba bab pow’” “Pow bab ba ba bab pow”  “Pow bab, ba ba ba bab ba bab”
Another "really" short video but hope it's enough to bring you a smile!
samoyed for laifu
dog
thank you.
Adoorable
When animation has more frames than real life 😂 I wish I could draw like this 😅 I tried but I just can't make animations this fluid, I don't know how he manages
Is that Brian from Family Guy?
Woke up early for a reason and for 🍳 :)
Your animations are absolutely adorable :)
Doggo
Housekeeping!  Arf! Woof!
(Charlie D’amelio voice) let me in!!!! Let me in please!!!!
The last frame absolutely stole my heart. Thanks for the serotonin Kéké <3
AHHHHHHHHHHH IT’S SOOOOOOOO FUCKING CUTEEEEEEE THAT I COULD DIEEEEEE!!!!!!!   AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
WARNING: this video contains scenes of graphic wholesomeness
doggo just just gained another 100IQ just by letting him in
I like how he have many frames just for the dog standing and doing nothing
I got this notification after learning I had no school today- It is truly a blessing B)
So musical, I love it.
*When the salesperson is unusually charming* In all seriousness, this is adorable :)
Your animations are always enjoyable.
bro these are too good
best thing in my day
Aww. Look at the funny goober, serenading us with his song.
*_opens door the second i even see them_*
Is this sooo cutee! (ت)ﾉ
I wasn't ready for such cuteness but there it is.
When you thought doggo couldn't get any cuter. Too _a-doorable_ I'll open my door immediately for them xD
He/She do be waitin. cAmee ownn jasty open daa dooor husky hoooman -Doggo
What a wonderful thing to wake up to
Pls
ok doggo the door is open
I don't wanna open the door.
Soooo cute!
This is the only reason on why I'm living.
Dog : woof Other dog :😛  Everyone else : *dieing cuz da sooo cute!*
I’ve never wanted to pet an image so much before this video
You bring joy everytime you post.
The internet summed up in one video
If run away if I saw that , but my god it’s so cute ✨
These give me so much serotonin :]
🐶❤
DONT LET HIM IN! ITS A BURGLARY TRAP!!! But please do, boop the snoot.
How cute >w<
This is very adorable, just some doggy animation :)
I open door, I gave you my glasses
Awwwhh 😊
Doggi go "Ba ba ba bow bow BOOOOWWWWE"
yes.
I would open the door for him. He seems like a respectable fellow.
Sure, i gonna open the door for 'em.
May I ask for the images?
Animation smoother than my brain! Love it!
No i will not
I go to school in 12 minutes, but this just made my whole day!!
Pubby
What’s the song name
o-ok * opens the door *
SOO... CUTE♥♥♡♥♡♡
Я обосрался, мне в дверь постучали и уведомление о видео пришло….
“Open the door or I’m gonna throw rocks at your door!” Said the white grown dog.
This is, without exaggeration, the best thing I've ever seen
Cute
* die from cuteness *
Seeing this in my notifications scared me- Then I realize it’s from kekeflipnote
This is masterpiece! Nice job legend!
Notification gang
Big Dogeeeeeee
hes very good and round i love him
Ayo I’m one of the first
Now he can go to work :)
Ah yes I need my dosis of good boys
Beautiful cloud pubbi
Love your videos and the style
Waw. That's a masterpiece
*opens the door* "WHAT DO U WANT, WHY DO U KEEP DOING THIS"
Epic
this was a very ominous notification to get but it turned out to be a friend
He's back
Lol This is awesome!  Nice Job 👍 I needed that for my morning
Omg so much serotonin thank you
What a cute boi
This is differently mean when Open the door.
Hehe dog go bwowww
Как обычно, чистый шедевр!
*Aww, this is the cutest thing i've ever seen all day!*
Cutee 😖🖤🖤
MAJIC
absolutly incredible
Again, we have been blessed
Most art is subjective in the fact that it’s art. This is objective.
Why wouldn't I?
So adorable!
So cute, this makes me so happy🤧♥️♥️♥️
:3
These are always so adorable! They melt my heart!
Woe
Ok I'll open the door
What he doin
You know it’s a good day when keke posts
this is adorble
No Im groovin'
I will gladly open the door for you
Adorable❤
Nice.
oh wait second
wouw, keke have new video!!!!   also the music is lvusm - meow
Open the door for the doggo.
Why
Babana
love you lad
I deny opening the door sir.
AWW
Important.
Yes
open le damn door
OPEN THE DOOR HES A GOOD BOY
Au au
Your back!
*Keke Fills You With..  *DETERMINATION!*
D o o r b e l l
dog
First! Cute
i love this so much
A
1st
So cute
What
Cool
Early..
Epic
D o o r
First
doggo
