I’m so lucky to have played this game in its entirety without having watched this video.
Hola no sé cómo llegar ha la colina 15
Best Nintendo series easily
On Xenoblade Chronicles 3 2nd anniversary I’ve finally unlocked Shulk and Rex in the main game yipeeee!!!!
Two years already... damn I'm getting scared of how fast time is going ngl
Going back to rewatch this after it turned out to be possibly the game of all time.
Hate going back to rewatch this after it turned out to be possibly the worst game of all time.
Love going back to rewatch this after it turned out to be possibly the best game of all time.
14:39 It's extremely funny that the class system is fully diegetic. The costume changes, the class icons, even the lock icons. It just tickles me how much of the game mechanics are in-world canon through the Iris system.
mid🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱
I miss this so much…
24:05 on Fumio Kishida’s birthday (Japan’s Prime Minister birthday)
remember when everyone was exited for june direct becose there was no game for the summer ? and that we got this instead thank god there was the delicious last course coming 8 days later
Here rewatching this one year later. One of my favorite games of all time.
Already one year huh... Time sure flies fast
Xenoblade 4 direct this month
Man coming back to watch this even after Future Redeemed makes me wanna do the whole thing again! 😅
nimue
The future doesn’t belong to you
How many times has it been now?
They chose the perfect scenes to make me want to buy this game.
bad
Possible spoiler....     When we see "Mio" die, I was crying like crazy, but I remembered seeing this direct and was like but we see her in a snowy area and we haven't been to that snowy area yet, so this can't be the end for her!😩
19:26  This section alone make this Nintendo’s best game specific direct hands down!
xenophobic game
We knew that 1:01 would hurt us but I don't think anyone was prepared for what 22:23 was going to do to us
Doesn’t deserve goty worst xenoblade by far
Guys, we've come a long way. From Operation Rainfall to 2022 GOTY nominee babyyyyy!!!!
22:43 Oh god.....that music...
Here 📌 I am Staring 🙊👀 at my own 🪵 palms I feel the warmth of your 🌉 hand I 🙀 thought 💭 I'd be 🤣 forever 🕐🕔🕤 by your side, protecting you 😊 Assuming that's 😳 what 😟 you wanted 😍 too 💔  I had no clue 👺 That 🤨 we 😊 had 💔 nothing between us 🤢🤮 Perhaps 🤔 I 🙍🚫 was so scared to know 💭 the truth 💯 Now that you're ☝🏾 gone, 😨 and yet ✨ your 🧍 love is still 👠📞 embracing me I'm at a loss, ❌ I 👨 need 👉 you with me 💁🏽‍♀️  It's like 💖 I'm drowning As if I've 🙋 lost 🤔❌ the way But you 👈 always appear 🔎 as if you 🏼 guide my 🏿 way 🥳 I thought I 🙀 could 🤔❌ do it all I 😀😀😀 had 2️⃣ my confidence 🧚🏻💞✨ But now I'm 💘 left alone 👥 with no 😣 one 1️⃣☝️ by 😃 my end 🔚  I 💅 knew my 👨 faults But I 😊 pretended I 🙌👌 didn't ❤️🧚🏻🌸💫 know I fear I'm ☝️ not the kind 🙁 of man 🕴️ you 😡 know I see you smile, 😺 pretending everything is alright 👌 But that 💁 made me 😭 feel more 🤲🙌 in 👉🚫 misery 😖😖  I 🚱🆗 don't ❌ know where to start 🆕 There's 😹 nothing left for 🈺 me I 💰 know I've 🙋 lost it all 💯 except the memories When I have my 📅 chin up high I see 😌 a glimpse of light 💡 Like how we 😱 find the brightest star up in 🥺 the sky 🤡  I 😱 now 🕔 have the courage to Show you there 😌 is a way You told me 🙋 silently I 🤡 know 🤓 what you will say 🗿 And when I 😊 search for 👊🇺🇸 you 👈 I 😁 see 👉 a guiding light It's now so clear 😋😉 to me 😳😳😳😳 that 😐🤓 you're 😖 still 🥇 far 🌌 away 🏃😱 A step away 🙅
0/10 Mwamba wasn't a hero               Joking by the way
I wish etika was here to see this
mio has a flesh eater core crystal
I'm glad I didn't watch this before beating the game, it reveals so many little details
Now I can't watch the trailer without crying.
game of the year people
Oh the one they blurred out was E since we only saw her as an enemy before hand.
I didn’t watch this Direct until now.
So glad I avoided this direct and any trailers after the reveal date lol. Experience was definitely better going in blind than partially knowing facts about the characters, world, combat and music
Xenoblade 3 fans when they see the alphabet
Just beat it. Game of the decade
For everyone who hasn't tried Xenoblade before this is the time, there's no reason not to play them, both 1&2 are on Switch!
to think that one song is just the sailing song...
Ngl this game fell off the moment the intro cutscene started
I Did the right choice to not see this direct before beat the game
the gameplay fell off after chapter 1
It's because it amuses me
Piano at 22:22 triggering my fight or flight response. That track in particular is emotionally traumatizing.
Nimue more like bad character
Ngl, I’m rather glad I skipped watching this…. It was more entertaining to jump in mostly blind.
Watching this after finishing the game, having only watched the reveal trailer prior, I cannot believe how much they spoil. Really glad I stopped watching anything after the reveal.
I got into Xenoblade last year and now a year later I’m playing the third game it was the best time to become a fan!
play xenoblade 3
Me watching this after beating the game: mm very interesting
Question does this girl in 18:12 appear anytime in the game cause she not on the hero roster despite being feature here unless this is the dlc hero
How nintendo sees Xc1 and xc2 fans, at war at all times
The heroes not being playable is irritating af, thats literally a downgrade from xenoblade 2, atleast most characters were playable besides the torna ones in 2  which ppl complained about torna not being playable  I don’t understand why they would keep that after getting feedbacks on it
Got Covid the day before release, so I have a week or so without work so I can just play the game nonstop!   With that amount of time I could maybe knock out 5-10% of the game!
one hero is blurred hhhhhmmmmmmmmm
I know you may not believe but have fun with xenoblade 3 xenostans
lol, I bought this today at Walmart, totally also convinced myself it was Friday.  Got all the way to the exit before they refunded me and made me give it back. They accidently stocked it on the shelf early and weren't supposed to override the register to sell it to me. HURRY UP FRIDAY!
Hype!!!! It's almost here!!
AWESOME direct! This seems to be in good hands
Sorry
4 more days!
Jesus. There is too much.
18:26 why is there a pixel-ey thing?
eeeeeeeeeeeeoeoee
The music makes this 10x better
It's such a shame that serie is exclusive to nintendo consoles, I loved the first opus so much but there is no way i'm going to buy a switch for the 2 games i'm interested in. I'd definitly buy them on other platform though.
Xenostans excited 🤢
When you're emotionally attached to the characters before the game comes out
18:04 already my favorite character
Jesus, Is every female in this game a 15 year old girl?
ONE MORE WEEK
zhub
ONE WEEK LEFT  I REPEAT, ONE WEEK LEFT
Xenoblade 1 and 2 was mid. Hopefully this is better
Spoilers for basically all of xenoblade 3     Morbin time
The shulk amiibo should have given shulk as an hero that could replace the rest of the party with the party from xenoblade 1
Wish we  could replace the entire party with other heroes lmao
Is everyone going to move to the overview trailer?
§hüß ūß
This game made me buy switch lol
THE BATTLE SYSTEM LOOKS INCREDIBLE
18:07 Date Is that you.,🗿
🈷️
immovable gonzalez....hello old friend
I HOPE THIS GAME GETS CANCELLED AND PIKMIN 4 GETS MADE INSTEAD 😡🤬🤬😡🤬🤬🤬😡🈷️🈷️🈷️🈷️😳😳😳
At 11:02 if you look at the bottom left you can see rocks pointing downwards which makes me believe that Aionios could be floating 9:14 That looks extremely like the bionis horn which means that the landmass has changed quite a bit and colony 9 must have moved because we see it on the grassy area with one of those feronis machines above it. We also may see the remains of the old colony 9 but in all honesty it's best to wait as there's only 9 days to go
This gameplay is good, but portable graphics is suck !!
ONLY 10 DAYS LEFT UNTIL REYN TIME
Bad
i am
with this game i will miss so much more xenoblade chronicles x :c
Art 💟
I own the game and can say with confidence that this is a bad game
I don't understand why they call this action rpg with auto attack instead of full control of everything? I'll get them all but this series isn't action rpgs.
Whoa.. I'm reminded of SNK's famous motto, 'The Future is Now' when I see this.. what kind of game could our GRANDKIDS be playing?? I totally wish I could play this!
THE SONG AT THE END OF THIS VIDEO..
pyra fans when you show them Egypt
I hope we don’t go to the moon that would be horrible
I hope pyra and mythra are dead
No Pyra or Mythra. 0/10
XenoBORE
That’s the way of our world
Hey  what is the title of the first music of the trailer? Please
The guys at Monolith sure know how to make "tap A until the big guy dies" needlessly complicated 😝  Also great idea for the paid game pass - 200+ hours really is far too short 😝😝😝
This game makes me sick
kirby kirb back guys omg
sena blade chronicles 3
xenoblade looks so good, i got my shulk amiibo ready and i can buy the game with my eshop points
Why is Xenoblade series got terrible english voice actings? 🤮
Does anyone know what he says at 22:14?
Xenoblade 3 more like idk
Xenostan vvv
my excitement can’t be contained.. I played Xenoblade 2 non-stop for 2 weeks and then got xenoblade DE and did the same. I AM SO F’IN HYPED!!
I really need that song the subtitles call "dark orchestral music" (but I'm slightly disappointed it's not part of the intro of the actual game - as seen in the final preview, there's a different song playing with that same battle scene! >x<)
Lol so the xenostans are being cautious around the internet now to avoid spoilers. Interesting
I’m back hope you all didn’t miss me
This game look amazing! I wish Nintendo will soon release the Switch Pro so that I can play this game in 60fps.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
OOOOOOOOHH!!!! NICE!!
OOOOOOOOHH!! I 💖IT!!!!
Almost time fellow gamers 16 more days  ........
I think this is possibly the best Xenoblade game so far. Xenoblade X's class system brought unique ideas to the fold of the Xenoblade franchise, and here's Xenoblade 3 going as far as it can with those ideas!
15 days left
Only 93 days left lets goo
This game is as bad as breath of the mid
I'm still getting the game but I wish it was on anything but Switch. Be nice if Nintendo followed Sony and put their first party games on PC after a certain time period.
help
We want to see more on Melia portrayed by Jenna Coleman formerly Clara and Victoria must rest from physical acting and get down to voice acting talents.
cookie boy ma boi
xenoblade chro nicles
Guys aionios is mira i swear
Xenoblade x more like xenoblade mid
Ub
Chat is dying
Grahf is here! 23:08
ooooo
1 week left let’s gooooo
I wish xenogears was never made
Eunie: "Brash and blunt, but delicate at her core." C'mon, nintendo, you might as well just say "Tsundere."
Where's the oppai?
Gotta watch this every day before release 🤷🏻‍♂️.
The xenoblade 2 features in this are holding the game back. This should have been a sequel to 1 only
Can i main any character i want?
Major spoilers:                  Monopon dies
Theres still 3 weeks until release and i already have to dodge spoilers 😭😭😭😭
Warning: avoid gamespots preview. There’s a spoiler literally in the first second lol
It looks like a lot of gaming review sites started playing the game today. From the ones I've seen they said that this game has exceeded their expectations which is a great sign!
Pretty funny the amount of comments I’ve seen from the same three people just trying to annoy the crap out of other people. I hope you 10 year olds are happy with your life choices.
I still think it's funny how this is the fifth Xenoblade game
nimue
xenoblade 3 more like best game ever
Wow the VA for English actually sound really good compared to 2. I need it. Now.
Anyone else concerned about the graphics? On a small monitor it looks good, but on a large screen it looked super average. Could just be the video quality, but Xenoblade 2 looked cleaner
counting down the days till we all get our hands on this masterpiece!
Racist game. Disappointed in monolith soft
Impresionante, mi goty personal.
Is anyone gonna get the Splatoon 3 oled or pro controller or the carrying case?
I had non stop goosebumps watching this, it looks so incredibly beyond amazing, I can't believe it's coming out so soon. I can't wait!!!
I've watched this 4 times now, so excited for this.
I pre-ordered this game for my Nintendo Switch.
Hey, there is a new game coming out! And here ist the DLC! I have no nice word for you nintendo.
WE SHOULD HAVE SALLIED FORTH IN THE FIRST PLACE.
Jesus, the battle system, especially with the class changing sound sway too complicated for me.
The map doesn’t look as good as Fortnite. Can you even emote?
Lol the last time I was here was 4 days ago and there is hardly any rise in views. Just confirms no one really cares about this direct anymore
Mio dies
Only 16 days left
All mid characters
كل يوم الانتظار يكون اصعب
Turns out Elysium was really Afghanistan
😭 I’m So Lucky I Got A Shulk amiibo This Week Online For A Fair Price 🤣💰💯
Back in 2021 I got Xenoblade Definitive Edition for christmas. I just thought it looked interesting and I had been playing Shulk in smash since the Smash 4 days. It slowly over the next three months grew to be one of my favorite games ever, and eventually climbed up to my favorite game of all time. After that, I instantly bought Xenoblade 2 and played it fast. It was another case of awesome game. Didnt overtake 1 for me, but still one of my favorite games ever. After that, I waited. I couldnt buy Xenoblade X because my wiiu didnt have storage and I need  to find an sd card.but when february rolled around, I broke my friends' eardrums with how loud I yelled when this game got revealed. This will be the greatest Xenoblade game, perhaps even the greatest Xeno game ever. Thank you Monolith Soft for the incredible rollercoaster of Xenoblade Chronicles.
RUH THIS GAME IS SO MID
Damn this is so good. I hope they will be available on PC too.
15:21 : You Will Know Our Names – Finale (with the end of the song starting @ 16:26)
_Eunie is best girl_ 🐰
Hmm.. as for me character design was muuuuch better in Xenoblade Chronicles 2. Here is not much differences on character's silhouette or their personality, game with no style, like a common anime.. not even interesting to watch. Totally disappointed.
You will know our names - finale   (Mid)
I still want a sequel from Xenobkade Chronicles X. Good realism graphics for Nintendo, loved the style and world building. Much more exciting than this anime stuff imo
That smile at 2:59 😆
This game will be trash
Where can i find this song at 1 minute in? And what's it's name?
hope the villians win tbh
I was interested in xenoblade 2 once before but all that info and menu's on the screen made the game look overwhelming to someone who never played the series before and this one looks even more confusing... might be a pass for me, but I do like some of the character designs, since it hasn't been shown i think I'm curious if blades will be in this one.
Torna more like tornmid
⬆
:UPVOTE:
5:31 if that is not alcamoth I’ll be impressed with whoever designed that place to look just like it.
Goat’gar will return it’s inevitable
Can’t wait to play this on my Nintendo switch at 360p !!!
The British accent 💀 ( i love Bri'ish accent please don't stab me)
The mystery person voice sounds like Vandam in XC2 and I noticed some the landscape that are from XC 1, 2, and I think X
Rewatching this until 1 Million views.
This is the best combat system I've ever seen in a Xenoblade game.
I hate xenoblade
I wish future connected never existed
eee
I’m GETTING THIS ! Can’t wait
Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party  Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party  Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party  Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party Noah will betray the party
احب مونوليثسوفت
The more I see the masked Vandam figure the more I’m convinced that it’s Zeke the extreme strength, the eyepatch, and even the fashion sense screams Zeke Von Genbu to me
I want to use the junk sword
D m when you show them a good character: 🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🤢🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮  D m when you show them the midest character ever made: 😁😁😁😁😁🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Changing lanz's class as soon as i can
HHHHHHHHHHaang on, that sounds like...............
Hopefully handheld visuals are much improved from 2.
This game gives me matrix / simulation vibes. So excited to see the epic conclusion of the xenoblade trilogy!
That one woman's voice is enough for me to go for the Japanese voices.
I'm so happy about this I'm in new game plus of 2 rn I hope this one has new game plus too
You really dropped the ball with the preorders for the special edition. Should have made it a gamestop/best buy exclusive to avoid the scalpers
I Dont really like the characters but the game on its own seem cool. Also heroes kinda looks like blades but better.
NEW LANZ ART WOOOOOOO
If Shulk and Rex aren’t heroes in the DLC imma lose my mind.
Can’t wait for Melia and Nia to be bad guys because they’re salty the silver hair girl actually gets with the main character.
Wish they would finish xenosaga
Rex’s and Nia’s Voice Actors wohoooo that’s great. This’ll be a blasts
BAD GAME 🥱🥱🥱🥱😴😴😴😴
8:08 Sorry I had to...
This seems like a perfect sort of balance between the first two games on so many levels. Not the least of which is that all the layers of combat and gameplay complexity seem like they won't be dropped on the player within the first hour or so of gameplay. If only I could change the clock to be July 29th right now.
Buying freakn Oled for this!
Do we know if this is similar to XC1 where it's a titan with multiple landscapes, or is it an open world game with multiple areas, similar to XCX?
This looks solid.
Melia is not and never will be in this game
MID
I noticed one of the Heroes they showed was censored. *Wonder who that could be?*  Just please don't let it be: We'll beat them with the Power of Friendship.  If it's: Think you can take me!, this game will instantly be Game of the Year in my opinion.
My god... what a wild ride. At first, I got XC for the Wii... played it for around an hour but that was it. Then I bought XC2... and I gave up after a few hours in chapter 2 or 3 cause of that weird battle system. And now I got hyped cause of the XC3 trailer + presentation, got back to XC2, have after 60 hours still the greatest time ever and bought XCDE to play it after XC2 and the Torna DLC. I think I'm busy till XC3 comes out and I'm so excited!
Man this is basically Xenogears 10 and I’m all for it!
For a *direct* this sure is taking a while to reach a million views…
So no blades?
The Oroborous system looks so awesome, can't wait!
This is the most hype game I have ever wanted in my life. It has everything and more on top of the more. Just WoW
This is looking to win RPG of the year.... oh yeah forgot about Elden Ring. But I'm still hyped for this game.
LETS GO !!!! Been a huge fan since the first game I’m so stoked !!!!!! TY !!!!
Man I still gotta play the other 2 games
HAPPY XENOBLADE MONTH EVERYONE
Why is vandham alive?
I bet the best class will come from *heroes* lol
I ship D m with Laurin
This finally made it back to its Xenosaga roots in terms of existential crisis and I am absolutely living. This is what I've been waiting on since 2006. Thank you for listening, Monolith Soft and Nintendo. We're still here.
Um...I love this series, especially for the exploration, but am I the only person whose eyes are bleeding at the design of the world and battle screen (all the numbers, etc)? I felt so crazy I went back and looked and every other Xenoblade trailer and the worlds all look so much better. Is this just me??
I wonder why the run speed for Lanz increased so much at 9:51 he was really was about to leave all his party members in the dust 😂
Its xenoblade month
Got the special edition can’t wait to play!
maybe do the 3rd special edition preorder wave at a different time later in the evening, some of us work you know
Good news: I got the special edition  Bad news: it probably won’t arrive on launch day
YOOOO I just realized at 24:00 it sounds like Futures That Lie Ahead(the first game's epilogue scene)! That's so hype!
I've never played these games. But I def want to now.
The battle system was one of my least favorite parts of XC2, although I liked XCX quite a bit. This looks fantastic to me!
It’s really interesting to see FF7 Remake’s mid-battle character swapping, Xenoblade 1s chain attack mechanic and 2s art and class system. Not to mention increasing party size from 3 to 6(Which I wished they had done sooner to be honest, but I digress.) Combined with Xenoblade Chronicles 1’s gem system, Xenoblade Chronicles 2’s item system, and the cooking mechanics likely inspired by combining Xenoblade Chronicles 2’s and FF15s cooking systems, I think this game shows a lot of potential in terms of fixing some of the issues from the prior two entries (Xenoblade Chronicles X’s system was too big, to grindy, had WAY too much focus on gear instead of leveling, and Xenoblade Chronicles 2 had way too much focus designing gear, classes, stats, and even class stats around Blades. My biggest worry however, is that the dev team either fails to deliver in terms of storytelling and world building, as I feel like Xenoblade Chronicles 2’s story just didn’t really feel personally impactful, and Xenoblade Chronicles X really overdid one overarching narrative that dragged on for way to long as it’s possible hole story (Although I did love some of the side quests and affinity missions. I just wish they didn’t make some of them a requirement for the main story.)
Weird to see the Persona 5 protagonist make an appearance.
xenoblade 2's combat was like a drug can't wait for 3
are people finally happy are they gonna shut up about it in every single nintendo video now?
That long-ears masked women reminds me of Nia. And the old trailer got aged Zeke. Am I mistaken ?
Anime
will I get the special edition today
I am a sucker for an RPG with jobs or classes! And I was already a huge fan of the entire Xeno series!
....but will it have a built in gatcha system again :3
I'm happy to have this Dunkey.
Riku >>>>>>>>>>>>> lanz
now just realizing that there might be a vandham like character in this
Song at 1:00 please ...
I hope disckson is back
If pyra and mythra are in this game i'm returning it immediately
Can't wait for nimue and riku to be the best characters in xenoblade
Can’t wait to watch nimues death scene
Monolith Soft gotta chill with all these games. First helping with Botw and then making XC2, followed by XC2 DLC and XC Definitive Edition, and now they've made this game and are still working on Botw 2. D a m n
that was a awesome direct
I think Xenoblade chronicles 2 will be remembered as the sexiest game.
Gamepass day1
Man I don't want to cry, they better find a way to defy fate or I will be depressed and need therapy.
Kirby Kirb what is the best kirby game?
Mid
XENOBLADE 2 RUNINED THE SERIES FOREVER
I hope nia nukes the capital of keves
Keves classes >>>>>> Agnus classes and it’s not even close 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Omega hype for Xenogearsblade Chronicles 3!
Just finished kirby and the forgotten land!
Just finished xenoblade 2!
I seriously hope this game better than xc2, and is on par with the 1st game.
Everyone ub
The ouroboros fusions is what made me interested in the game.... hope I like the combat system ( havent played any of the xenoblade games so this will be my first)
Please remove the nation of keves
So what I'm understanding.... they aren't legal?
I need to learn to forget that this game exists I’m too obsessed
we nneed xenoblade to be turnbased like a real jrgp
Guys be on the lookout for someone named “Kirby Kirb” they have a mad Kirby pfp pic. If you see a comment of his listen because his opinions are always correct
Good game
Looks like a ps1 game.
I'm stupid and only just realized that 0:40 and 3:33 are two different people. Wonder which one is the main antagonist?
The Roles of Clowns throughout History –  While clowns are the highlight of many parades, circuses and carnivals, the history of clowning goes back much further. From ancient Rome and medieval times to the North American Indians, the history of clowning around can be seen throughout the ages. Today, we recognize clowns as over-the-top figures with bright make-up, crazy clothes and large foot wear; however, they didn’t always have this appearance. Understanding the history of clowns may lead you to a new appreciation of these important figures in history. The First Clown Sightings  The history of clowns dates back to 2,400 B.C., as the first recording of clowns was found in ancient hieroglyphics in the Fifth dynasty of Egypt. It was thought that clowns served a socio-religious role as the priest often played the clown role as well. Jesters were found in 300 B.C. China under the reign of Emperor Shih Huang-Ti. In 100 AD India, clowns acted as interpreters, translating the Prakrit language to the general population. Ancient Greece and Rome  The history of clowns in ancient Greece led to the popularization of clowns in shows. The clowns of ancient Greece were often bald headed and wore additional padding in order to appear large and chubby. Performing in plays, they would poke fun at the serious villains of the play and throw peanuts at the audience. Roman clowns also made their appearances in dramas. The Roman mime would wear a pointed hat and act out different scenes within the play, providing clown entertainment for the audience. Middle Ages/Renaissance Times  Throughout medieval history, fools and jesters can be seen entertaining royal courts and town citizens. Their job was much more than simply collecting laughs. These ancient clowns were used to reinforce religious values as well as display cultural values to their audience. They were a catalyst for a change in social culture. In the 14th Century, the juggler and fool appeared in the tarot cards, depicting a new start and the ability to leave a safe place to discover new opportunities. This gave clowns an almost magical aura. Native American Clowns  The history of clowns in North America is dramatically different than the history portrayed in Rome. Several North American native tribes used clowns to play a sacred function, often revealing the truth about a given situation in a comical way. Some tribes thought laughter opened up their spirits to the Gods. Clowns were also used to keep order amongst the Indians during social gatherings. Clowns, known as contraries in the Cheyenne tribe, would make tribe members laugh by doing everything contrary to the traditional way, including riding horses backwards and walking on their hands. The Circus   Although the circus originated in ancient Egypt and Rome, the first modern circus was introduced in 1768 by Philip Astley in England. The first clown act and was so popular that Astley hired more clowns. It then became an anticipated part of the circus for the next century. Many famous circus clowns made an appearance in circus shows across the country. Circus clowns served no higher purpose other than making the audience laugh and helping people to forget about their stress.  Through the ages, the types of clowns and the roles they have portrayed have changed significantly from culture to culture. Not only are they an important part of North American culture, but the rich history of clowning has a place in cultures around the world.
I need the OST that plays in 12:12
Ethel will be the best character from Keves, definitely better than Meli -er Midia.
I just want the ability to fly in the endgame exploration. I missed it a lot in the first two games.
The battle system looks far more interesting that XC2 at least. Still not interested in this game however. I love the setting of XCX far more and the main XC games just don't appeal to me at all.
This actually looks really great, I didn't get Xenoblade Chronicles 2 because I didn't like the character designs but this really looks like something special
Feels like they're doing with Xenoblade what they weren't allowed to with Xenogears.
Exactly 1 month and a couple hours before I play this game (I’m getting physical)
Wonder how all of the different classes will work seems cool you could freely change if you want too. Can't wait to try stuff out
please be action combat.. please be action combat!
Cringetube is censoring my comments exposing all the desgusting elements of this game
Ich hab Bock.
I don’t see how D m hates botw but loves this
This is going to be a masterpiece
There are 3 recurring people in this comment section that crack me up. Xenonlade, Kirby Kirb, and D M. Y’all crack me up. 💀
Darling in the Franxx vibes with the whole limited lifespan thing and those ouroboros designs. This game is really striking a chord with me! Such a nuanced, thoughtful presentation.
never gonna use taion, gonna get the mod to make him silent and appear not black in cutscenes. pc always wins. not gonna buy a sjw game.
5 MONTHS 😁
lip sync
1 MONTH😁😁😁😁😁
CAPTIONS
This direct has convinced me to get this game. I'm super glad they gave it a dedicated direct because I never would have checked it out otherwise. Cant wait for the 29th to play this and Digimon survive!
Bro…this game looks phenomenal!! I can’t wait !
The first time the game was announced I wasn't all that excited but dang does this game look to have so much cool stuff to dig into.
This is beautiful =D.
2:57 WTF? The nopons are getting anime eyes and sounds more like a human now?!
Are these games real time combat or turn based because they look badass
Lanz is the middest xenoblade character ever
I think we can all agree Taion is the worst character
Tbh idk if I will even like persona. Never played any of the games or even know how they work. I just watched a few gameplay and I like the art style
I can't believe i used to like persona
Persona is mid compared to xenoblade and mainline shin megami tensei games
OH….MY….GOD
500 billion years left
In one month this game will release and soon after forgotten about
5 years left
2 months left
The more Xenoblade gameplay I see, the more I feel like a Xenoblade MMO would work
Persona mid 5
HOLY MOLLYYYY🤩🤩
the combat in this game is going to melt my brain
Persona 5 is a ps3 game and it looks very similar graphic wise as this game
I just hate how overdesigned everything is in Xenoblade. Elegance is absolutely not their forte.
This game deserves more powerful hardware. Xenoblade rpgs are absolutely incredible works of art. Here’s to hoping a switch pro comes out to help the world pop graphically even more. It’s amazing what they able to do with the old switch hardware.
Absolutely amazing. I cant wait.
Do i have to finish xenoblade chronicles 2 to understand more of this upcoming xenoblade
Let’s show them a thing or 3!
Really looking better then sonic frontiers and pokemon gen 9
This looks great Nintendo, please remake golden sun.
shut up and take my money
Absolutely radical!
Where's X?
This looks really cool but I can't believe what they did to the nopons their eyes look terrible
The mini direct announced persona 5 royal I think I will get a better looking RPG a than this
Xenogears remake please!!
Cringe
how lost do yall think id be if this were to be my first Xenoblade game?
xenoblade x re release when
shhhhhh quieter the slaying was too loud
Best game franchise out there. This is going to be huge!
1:41 IS THAT JOKER PERSONA5???  But in all seriousness, this game looks hype! I loved the Xenoblade 1 and 2 (never played X)
Xenoblade Chronicles 3 Direct>>>>>>Nintendo Direct Mid Partner Showcase
Special Edition sold out already WTF...
I saw this, watched it, kinda just looks like any other jrpg ever. *And I will absolutely spend 60 dollars on it*
Yawn
mid fr
To anyone watching this who never played any game of the franchise before, don't worry: games are connected but it's not required to play them before. Just, consider playing 1 and 2 once you're done with 3 if you liked it, to connect the dots, and get all the refrences. (1 = Definitive Edition). Xenoblade X is however, as of now, not connected, but could be. We don't know yet.
Never played any of these games, but looks cool
Games looks amazing but imagine this game dev team making this from ground up to the ps5 or Series X... Feels so underpower the nintendo switch.
Xenomid midicles thrmid 🥱🥱😴😴
I was already hyped for Xenoblade 3, but I'm afraid this direct is gonna be the death of me because now I'm wayyy too excited.  I'm also glad this comment section is pretty positive from what I've seen so far! Looks like there's a lot of people that seem to be interested in the franchise for the first time and I gotta say, if you're thinking about it... Pick the xenoblade series up!! Honestly, one of the best JRPGs. I first started diving in when Nintendo was teasing (and then soon after releasing) Xenoblade 2 and it was one of the best choices I've made. After finishing the game, I instantly picked up the definitive version when it came out a few years later.
Finally having a thing to lead u to your quests, the mini maps were not super useful in Xenoblade2
This is already a lot to take in.
Is it just me but I thought this was going to be a continuation of xb2 or something like telling us what happened after xb2 their was a lot of questions unanswered in xb2
The more footage I see of this game the more antsy I keep getting the closer the release date comes. 1 and 2 were both incredible games, and this looks just as good and I cant wait
Holy $#!÷  Gotta get this game.
How about xenoblade X ?
Why isnt it july 29th already 😭
The game looks great I just wish the fans weren't you know stupid like believing crazy theories like the worlds of 1 and 2 were fused together and this is the result a result or that pyra/mythra and other characters are in the game  Like seriously this is clearly a completely different world from the first couple of games With some similar elements from them like the titam or that sword
Just realized that VA also voices the XC2 direct
serious question, do i need to play the xeno 1 and xeno 2 before play this?
Ahh the visuals we could have gotten if only switch was stronger..
There you will find my cries of despair for how much you all bully me
Everyone watch xenophobiaphobiaphobiaphobiaphobes video
Xenostans I included some of you in recent vdeo
So we have:  Classes, Arts, Fusion Arts, Master arts, Chain Attack (and Chain Order), Hero assist, Ouroboros and static stuff like skill tree, accessory, gems, food buff. Did I miss anything?
Praise the Nia
Now idk why but the old man who sounds like vandal from xenoblade 2 I belive he's zeke from xenoblade 2 since in that game he had a simular eye patch on the same eye, furthermore since we can't see his full chest to expose his core crystal I believe he will be an important character none the less
I got the first game once but it wouldn't work for me so I never ended up playing it. I've had the second game for years and I still haven't played it yet lol. It all looks interesting. It's just taking that first step into something new. And I prefer to play as my own custom character. If I could be a blue winged thing then I would play these games day one. I get tired of playing as default guys. I replayed Skyrim awhile ago lol.
My guess is that xenoblade fans told Nintendo to cancel the actual direct and replace it with a direct mini so people would still come to this video since they have nothing else to watch
Xenophobiaphobiaphobiaphobiaphobes🤢🤢
I'm excited for this, xenoblade chronicles 2 was one of the best jrpg games that I've played
I love playstation but this looks awesome! I wanna play it but I know switch 2 is on the horizon. Gonna have to wait😕
So we’ve got this and a mini until September it seems. Gotta love corporate Nintendo.
Loved Xenoblade Chronicles 1 and Xenoblade 2's battle system ruined the game for me, looks like this game will be no different. This combat system looks like a mess, with UIs and info taking up around a quarter of the screen. 7 characters in a battle with upwards of 10 classes with 6 different fusions each with unlock able and upgradable arts, they learned nothing from the complaints of Xenoblade 2, can't wait for the hour long guides on how this even works. At least I'll be able to watch the story, that seems interesting.
Valdi, one of the heroes, looks non-binary. Hope they actually are.
I’m not upset about no direct I’m upset that xenoblade fans are happy. This cringe furry fanbase should never be this full of joy
I'm not ready for this
Now, imagine what Nintendo can do with Breath of the Wild 2 on the same Swith-hardware.  As BotW is a Wii U-game, (late in the Wii U's life cycle) that means the difference between BotW 1 and 2, is gonna be a generational leap.
Looks like I’m going to be here a while 😞
Not really looking forward to the story because of what 2’s “story” was but the open world and 3way fights can’t wait for dynamic battles. Also dude in orange is gonna totally be my main don’t really give a crap about the cat girl or the emo boy everyone else is pretty mid looking though
I just hope the voice acting is good
BEST DAY EVER
YAY
Nintendo doesn’t want the xenoblade franchise to die so they didn’t have a direct on purpose. If they did everyone would be hyped for the new games and easily forget this
CAN MY DAY GET ANY BETTER!?
SO HAPPPY
SO EXCITED
I’m SUPER EXCITED about the direct mini. I’m SO GLAD we got this instead of a regular direct. That just means more time for the devs to work on the games instead of rushing them out like xenoblade 3
My hopes are high, it looks like it should be pretty close to Xenoblade 1's quality level. I really wish the class archetypes were more nuanced than "DPS/tank/healer" because there can be so much more to combat than damage and healing ("support", for one). But I'm definitely looking forward to it :)
Good game
Here on my birthday, nice!
Oh no, a direct mini partner showcase😱 So glad I'm a Xenoblade fan
ugh, not english dubbed...
Mid game
I feel like I already love these characters just from watching this direct.
wild ride is a mid character
It's Soo Good 😍😍 I'm excited 😆😆😆
The Ouroboros reminds me of Astral Chain.
There is no question about it! Xenoblade Chronicles 3 is a must have game on my shelf!
Wesker: "Ouroboros... mmm..."
Good god it's blurry and already making my eyes hurt. XC2 looked so nice but had the same problem. I hope it's not as bad as this video.
Is this the Nintendo direct that was supposed to allegedly come out at the end of June people was talkin about? If so this weak, a direct for a single title
9:24 so if we're able to see normal enemies fighting each other I wonder if we'll get the chance to see unique monsters fight each other too? Imagine Territorial Rotbart vs Immovable Gonzalez
Boring
All I have see today aboult this game I feel bored, this XB3 it's strange to me. The best XB game I've played up til today its Xenoblade Chronicles X and this is not going to return any time soon I guess
genshin impact with futuristic swords
I just hope normal bad guys don’t take forever to fight I think it wore me down on 2 because everything else was great about the game! Just feeled so grindy instead of fun!
Hopefully it's closer to XC1 than 2 because 2 was kind of a flop in comparison in a lot of ways
Xenophobiaphobiaphobe | | V
lots of fatherless individuals in this comment section
No offense but kirby kirb is an oooio
No offense but offense
Do I need to play the first 7 before playing this one?
Makes me think a lot of Tales of Arise, but that's not necessarily a bad thing
Nintendo goes full Bri'ish nouw mate
Reply for ratio
Dis looks more like Phatasy star online for me than a Xenoblade. Lol
Elma amiibo when  So Xenoblade Chronicles 3, Darling in the Franxx,  I dig it.  😌👍
I'm concerned, looks like the FPS chugs hard all over the place. DQ11 already turned me off of badly optimized games.
so Bladerunner, but through the replicant's point of view? I can't wait!
I didn’t know Nintendo was still making switch games in 2022
Definitive edition is my favorite game of all time but I hated the second one. This looks good but not sure if I like these characters. Maybe they'll grow on me but the one with glasses looks like a pokemon trainer.
Do I need to play the other Xenoblade games first before trying out this one?
I'm glad Nintendo is still making games for the N64 these days.
What is sad is my switch doesn’t have enough memory so I have to go buy a physical copy well hope it gets to 400bucks some day
now we just gotta wait until the fourteenth one for the MMO, right? Either way, the world building would be perfect for the genre imo.
I’m excited, but my only concerns are, How common fps issues will be, and the game pulling a Chrono Cross and having the casts of the previous games dying a horrible death off screen.
I need to finish 2, to be able to understand this one?
Spoiler alert, the real enemy is god as it is in the whole franchise.
Wow i didnt know they still made NES games in 2022!!
Not a fan but the game looks good I may give it a try until zbotw2 comes out 😂 I want to see Pikmin 4 and - new Luigi mansion
13:37 No one: Taion: Hazy Figure! HAZY FIGURE!
My only complaint is that if it's anything like Xenoblade Chronicles 2 it's gonna be a choppy, grainy looking slideshow held back by the switches underpowered hardware. Nintendo really needs to release to a l massive hardware revision for the switch.
Mario and Luigi series > xenoblade
This game has so much in store for us then I thought, this is going to become one of the best rpg experience that we will ever have.
Is the game gonna be like xeno 2 which is blurry mess? If so. No thank you. I will wait for better console from nintendo to run the game properly at 720p. Hate it when the game look like 360p and no AA. Waste of 3d asset.
This direct gave us so much, but so little. 20 minutes, I learned much but nothing at the same time.
Is that the Mechonis sword or nah
This Wii U game looks pretty good!
Thumbs down, not cause I hate the game, but cause YOU ( Not by yourself admittedly ) took the dislike count away.
anyone else noticed the blurred hero at 18:30? Seems like it may be someone we already know
Can we please get a remaster of X!!!!!!
Xenoblade is the new Final Fantasy
kool this is a mix of both game in a way  even down to the tone
DANBAN!
when is the special edition going live on your store again?  I like that it seems you'd be shipping it in 2 parts but that won't help anyone who can't even purchase it.  Just announce that the special edition will be sold only without the game so everyone can buy the game at launch and get the special edition parts later separately (without having to double-dip or sell the game to make up the difference).  And if you do sell it on your site again, make it 1 per account; IDK why you'd think to allow folks to buy 2 per account not that it matters much honestly.
Nintendo, where Xenoblade Chromicles X for Switch?
I think i'll miss the weird clothing combinations from 1 though
Looks incredible everything i loved from Xenoblade 1 and some of the improvements from Xenoblade 2  It also looks far more Xenoblade 2 than Xenoblade 2 did but i'm all for that
English voice: good laugh japan voice : anime feels
It's like fire emblem and final fantasy in one.
Bring back muimui
With Power of friendship we can do anything 🧑‍🤝‍🧑👭👫👬
"Let’s begin the experiment"
Im sorry, but the switch hardware is hurting my eyes by now. 4k30 on ps5, 1440p 60-120fps...thats where its at. this 1080p 30fps stuff is not it chief
Can we get Xenoblade Chronicles X on the Switch please!?... or on STEAM!!
looks good but i dont like the design of the characters it doesn't fit for the world. graphics looks better then xenoblade 2 and it has better gameplay so am exited
Never played a xenoblade but this looks overwhelming 😂 that battle hud had legit a small book written on the screen lol hope y’all enjoy it though.
Hmm is it me or does Grey sound like Estinien from FFXIV 🤔
Who wants to interlink
"Stop forcing us to fight in a endless war for no reason for all of our 10 year lives" 🤓🤓
12:08 AYO THIS TRACK GOES SO HARD
Okay. Put me in a coma until the release. 😑
Im a main character now i guess
Xenoblade chronicles 1, x, 2, and torna in one nice
Find your fashion and fight fir the future! Thats my new motto
Why are they marketing the world so poorly it seems to be a near open world only having parts blocked for story but besides that it seems to have every area connected with no loading screens. Man Nintendo L Marketing This
I just hope that the portable mode won't suffer like the previous two (resolution wise). They were a blurry mess. Playable but kind of an eyesore.
Is that.. is that google voice?
The direct better come soon so I can stop commenting on this trailer 😩
Why is no one talking about how Mythra’s sister Kyrtha never brought back the eye of justice after shulk defeated the raportions. I feel like they will need it or else syra will be stuck in the sacred palace forever
I feel like 6 characters on screen is too much, let alone 7 😅 or is that just me
Oh my god, the cringe. I'm not used to jrpg having this accent.
@Donny
Hoping for a gunblade type of class😭
nintendo  for splatoon  3 can you  please  bring  Back the  old  music  in splatoon  1 like splatoon  1 Lose song 🎵 🎶
This is just a 24 minute video of Xenoblade Chronicles?
Seriously want to play this soon as possible
The Queen of Keves will be executed for being a mid character
Okay so, we can all agree that the DLC that adds two characters and is labeled with the Replica Monado and the Aegis, we’re getting playable Shulk and Rex right?
Monopon has been executed
I AM THE REAL ENEMY I HAVE FULL CONTROL OF ALL OF AIONIOS I WILL REVIVE GOD AND ASCEND TO THE RATIO DIMENSION
July 29th?! Thats next month!!
who DM
d m is the true enemy
They should make worst game of the year awards for games like these
Hello Nintendo i wanna ask you a request:Make a crossover content between Xenoblade and My hero academia to promotes the latter's season 6 if you got enough time.For example:Pyra accidentally meets Dabi and "plays" with that ugly freak until Hawks and Endeavor,but this will create a lot of suspiction from Homura-chan due hears a familiar voice from Dabi himself.
2:40 Kinda messed up about how everyone in this game grows up in a test pod for possibly the first 10 years of their life
A stupid game that sucks
I hate some of the voices especially the music on thus trailer and the stupid accent of the characters. I hated the main characters voice in the second game
Omg I am so thrilled, what a beautiful journey it will be!
This game’s art style seems like it’s taken the best parts of the previous 2 games and even from X. Along with a unique style of it’s own. The gameplay looks like an evolved version of 2. The characters seem very interesting wit great designs but I do not like the dub voice acting which is why I’ll switch to japanese like I did with the other games. The world looks absolutely beautiful. And the music is as good as ever. This seems to be doing everything a sequel should do. I think this game can not only be the best Xenoblade game, but also Game of the Year.
I don’t apologize for being xenophobic and demazing slamazing
I don't apologize for being xenophobiaphobic and demon slaphobic 😎😎
I apologize for not being born in north coraline and stopping dm from being introduced to this franchise
I apologize for introducing kirby to this franchise
Been wanting to get into this series for a while now. I'll probably buy this one and start it. Looks sick!
Ya, great. But I want Xenoblade Chronicles X ported to Switch.  Why would you give us the first game and not X?!
Would love to see a true turn based game or wish they would just go full action. Xenosaga needs a treu sequal or a remake.
So good we can use more than 3 characters in battle.
Nintendo please have a regular Nintendo direct in jun 29th that has more info on the sequal of the legend of zelda breath of the wild
Terrible voice acting. Actual cringe and comical.
Monolith is definitely going for game of the year awards, best game soundtrack awards and probably more with Xenoblade Chronicles 3!
So salty this is switch only. A console I own mind you. This frame rate looks so bad
So anyone wanna bet we getting Pyra/Mythra/Rex ??? I see their blade Also we getting shulk as well. Cant wait to play it.
Me: trolling Xenostan: “omg you are trolling! Haha got em” 🤓
Great Looking game and story is going to be amazing, but.... enough is enough Xenoblade ... lol,  I want actual want new direct!!
There is so much xenophobiaphobic people here
American commentator really throwing me off lmaoo
I'm so happy that this looks like it goes back into what Xenoblade originally was. Seems like it cuts out most of the awful crap that was put into XB 2. I was so afraid that the butchering would continue, but now I am kind of hyped that they found the path back to what once made a true Masterpiece.
19:28 I just realised this might be the new obstacle in our path💀
i fell asleep exactly at 7 mins of the vid.
지렸다...  1:00 6:16 6:50 19:27 22:22
Man I've never played a Xenoblade but ngl this has sold me and I'm not even halfway through. Just one infuriating thing, though. "Breathtaking scenery." If only it were. It has so much potential to actually look beautiful - but the switch is so limited with graphical capabilities from 15 years ago, and pretty serious looking lag. It might be enough for me to turn down the game overall. This is a constant problem with Nintendo. It didn't used to bother me, but now that I'm seeing what we're capable of graphically and powerfully speaking as a people at this point in time... Well, for the money Nintendo is charging us... It's unacceptable. Kudos to this studio for crafting this beast of a game for this underperforming hardware. It could be SO much more. SO MUCH. But here we are. I'm honestly dreading Breath of the Wild 2 and Metroid Prime 4 at this rate. Imagine what MP4 could look like on a PS4 - let alone a 5!? Yet we're still stuck back here on PS3 capabilities, maybe worse.
Meh, character designs and world seem bland compared to XC2
Still waiting for xenoblade x port on switch 👁️👄👁️
I hope that this is not the only direct we get
still waiting for  -  Xenogears Remake  (true masterpiece)
“Find your fashion and fight for the future” words to live by
10 year lifespan? Oof
I see clear bravely default influence in the class system
Can we get an actual direct
i hope its not a joke game like 2
LOL why does that girl have cat or some animal ears grafted on her head it's making me laugh even tho it's supposed to be serious or something
12:08- Agnus Battle theme? Idk I need it though 15:21-17:17 Unique Monster Theme
Ub
No custom characters?
Only game with "xeno" in it I approve is xenogears. And damn square Enix don't see it's potential instead keep milking ff especially ff7
idk how nintedo switch will run this great looking graphics
I expect nothing less then the best game to be released in 2022 or better this decade, please dont dissapoint me . the first two games were absolute top notch. i have high expectations. if this game lives up to the dream i will be filled with joy and satisfaction thats out of competition
Dear Nintendo, we NEED a Xenogears remake, or at least a remastered.
So much bait in the replies that people are responding to D:
20:33 These 2 are already my favorite pair. Their Skell looks amazing
19:16 DRIP!
18:27 Gray has 232 Dexterity. Calling it now, he's going to be the most broken character.
18:03 Yea this guy's a b@d@ss
Sigh... 500 hours of my life gone
17:22 Already my favorite character.
11:13 SMTV Flashbacks :D
All major Kirby and the forgetten land trailers also have over a million views lol once again Kirby beats this grindy RPG franchise
All Splatoon 3 trailers except the salmon run one have over a million views and were top 3 trending. All trailers of this game barley have one million views lol
LESSSSS GOOOOO!!!!
Nintendo really Screwed us with the XC3 special edition. Shouldve had it available at every retailer. I also heard if you managed to get the my nintendo store preorder you only get the game first then get the artbook and steel case somewhere later down the line..
Combat is much improved and closer to the original feel and flow in Xenoblade 1. I'm actually impressed.
12:08 That battle theme OMG it already sounds intense now that's music.
why cant ff16 have this kind of combat system
Is that any confirmation about how it looks on switch lite??? I want to preorder it but scared if the grafic same like xenoblade 2
so many playstyles... that's alot.
DM’s home planet. It’s a very scary place here
Hyped for everything going into the combat system!!
Please bring back Custom difficulty! It's an amazing bit of accessibility, and also extremely useful otherwise!
This looks very very good. I need to get around to finishing XC 2 before this drop XD
taion gotta be the shittiest character design ive ever seen
resolution and framerate? oof.
Q ganas d no salir más d mi casa y kedarme jugando
why
This game already looks so complicated. But looks miles better than xenoblade 2
I’d be more excite if I actually finished the first game and played X and 2, but I have not, and I am planning on getting the definitive edition of 1! Oh man, seems like over 90 hours of Dragon Quest XI won’t hold a candle to the amount of time I’m about to devote to this...
Any one knows the lyrics of the song played as BGM in the first part of the trailor? Or if Nintendo ever uploaded it separately? I believe the lyrics of the song could be a hint to the main story line.
3:35 Geass' are in this game!!! I"M SOLD!!!!!!
This game looks great, even if I only know these series through Smash. I hope this new outing goes well and sells well.  It is a shame this was the only direct we got during June, but This just shows how much Nintendo wants this series to succeed.
mid sadly
We need more games like this!  And port/remaster the rest of the Xeno franchise to the switch!
cringe
Nintendo and Genesis just smoke weed because they teamed up
Ngl I'm excited but I already miss Pyra and Mythra
Lol not even on trending anymore hype already died out
Wow
This game is a tremendous achievement for monolith and I’m proud of em
Krijg een atoombom op jullie kut!!!!!
Literally just obsessed with the song at 12:07 it gives future connected vibes the violin guitar and piano are killing it🎵🎶🎻🎹🎸
I’m so grateful to be a Xenoblade fan 😭
Dislike count: 1700 aprox
Nintendo a sega tipo ta gkm preço abesyrdo  e mente pro brasil mas vc nao eu gosto muito dos seus iogos e meu jogo favorito e zelda parabens peras suas obras primas nintendo vc e muito bom nos jogos muito mesmo nintendo parabens nintendo parabens
Narrated by CAITLIN GLASS (Elma from Xenoblade Chronicles X).
This looks like a proper iteration of everything the past 3 games brought us. Combat looks like XBC1 but everything is mapped to buttons, and about that speed too. It has some team up elements from XBC2 WE GOT CLASSES AGAIN LIKE IN XBX.  I was wondering if I was going to like this after XBC2 was kinda a dud to me, but I'm going to give this one a shot.
24:03 so good😩
I never played any xeno blade chronicles, this one look good but fighting system I did not like, I have noticed all ABXY are abilities with no option to do normal and heavy attack
Name of the song at 1:18 people ASAP please 🙏
Couldn't get that into 2. I was thinking of getting definitive edition, should I just get this one?
Sadly the character designs (except for the main character & that great sword wielder dude) are so cringe I know it is aJRPG with anime style but come on! You could go with xenoblade 1 or Xenoblade X’s design Xenoblade 2 has the most “in your face anime” design out of all and you guys chose the latter
I’m beyond hyped!
This game looked really good. I’m a non Xenoblade fan and checked out this direct and I gotta say it genuinely got me interested in the series. I’ll definitely check this out if I can buy this game
I will 100% not be playing this in English lol
Man, this one looks super anime
I havent played a Xeno game yet, this one looks cool. Its a lot of systems though, and hopefully it doenst get open world syndrome. I excited for this one.
Check 22:00 Mio becomes Kos-mos!
the story is xenogears spiritual remake
I love how they brought many elements of both games :)
That mosaic censoring at 18:30 tho
My personal thoughts that are likely to change with time: This game doesn't really feel like a Xenoblade game to me, I guess the same can be said with XC2. It seems like it's own game with some hints of the first 2 games  Hopefully it's better than 2  I want to know what happened to Shulk  Character designs are pretty cool  Melia!  The customization of classes seem really cool and will help each playthrough feel different
Nintendo always deliver
Nintendo when are you do you want to do work for Mario kart eight deluxe booster Kostas wave two
I'm literally begging, with tears in my eyes, for Gray to secretly be Zeke in disguise
Even if people do care about this game it will be overshadowed by better games such as Splatoon 3. Splatoon came out after xenoblade and it has already became more popular than xenoblade. That’s because it’s better overall
where is Shulk? lol
where is Shulk? lol
what about dark souls 2 ......☻☻☻🙂🙂🙂
18:55 The class system looks very robust.
This looks amazing it's my most anticipated game of the year. xenoblade 2 was such a masterpiece and I can't wait for the next chapter the new battle mechanics look so sick and their is so much variety.  Edit: was expecting a typical nopon voice didn't expect Riku to sound like such a Chad 🤣
Hmm.  Lahan. You're here too?  This is gonna be epic.
GOTY 2022 switch edition right there baby !
How about info on... the games that people actually care about?
I have only recently got into the series but I am super hyped for this game I just hope it doesn't feel half baked due to it coming out earlier then planned
Eunie is my waifu!
From what I’ve seen of this game I think I may be game of the year worthy, If I’m correct nether one or two got GOTY so I think it’d be a massive achievement
17:54 HOT DAWG, I love it when they do this
Didn't even break 500k views... Lmao  Edit: Took long enough. I guess the 200k fans had to all go watch it 2-3 times
I'll never get tired of watching this masterpiece direct !! The game has so much content, plus the interlink mechanic is just INSANE! They definitely incorporated a truly amazing mechanic after the Driver/Blade one in XC2, Monolith truly never dissapoints!!!
Bro!! This is gonna be fun.
22:43 love the music, sad and epicness at the same time, i need ir now!!!
anyone else feel like the switch is going to die trying to run this game?
splatoon.
That battle theme at 12:07 …. 🔥🔥🔥
Sem PT BR 😞😞😞😞
Can we turn combat dialogue in this game? I got so annoyed by it on XC2 and I just stopped playing
Plz nintendo give us the ost that plays during the uroboros breakdown
12:08 - Agnes Battle Theme
I like all the class options and how they change your outfit. And that you have a party of characters to get to know and travel with the whole game and customize and build.  More Final Fantasy than the upcoming FF.
Repent to Jesus Christ  “For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations.” ‭‭Psalms‬ ‭100:5‬ NIV
Like the overall tone better than what I saw from XC2. Its not quite Xenogears yet, but... You have to give it to Monolith. What they get out of Nintendo hardware. Frkn impressive. World design is also still best in the bizzzzzz.
Xenophobia 🤮 Xenophobiaphobia 😎
I can't help but notice that Gray looks a lot like Yelv from XCX, with the face coverings in the right places to hide Yelv's tattoo, and his class (Fullmetal Jaguar) is the name of a similar class in X. I doubt he's actually Yelv or one of his clones, but the similarities are interesting.
im excited to see how "Death of 1000 cats" dice my canine enemies
Anyone else feeling like Shulk and Rex worked so hard for nothing? 😅😅
This has already passed the xc2 direct in views lol
This is going to eat up a scary amount of time. Might be time to get a oled switch
Not sure whether to feel excited or not. I love the look and stories of the Xenoblade series, but the battle systems are hit or miss for me. XC1 had a decent battle system, XCX had probably my favorite battle system, XC2 I really didn’t like. I can’t tell whether this one will be good or bad.
The characters was much better in Xenoblade 2.
the story setting seems cool, liking the ideas so far  world looks great, though as expected, as monolith's world building is fantastic.  I do like it seems more open ended like XC1 and XCX, which is preferred  and, fantastically, it looks like they're going back to XC1 and XCX style battle, much more action paced and spatial positioning matters.  XC2 battle system I strongly disliked and it killed the game for me, to the point where I never finished XC2, and would have considered skipping if they did  it again.  XC3 looks to be shaping up well. I'm looking forward to it.  Still can't believe it's so close to releasing, one of the few jrpg series left I have my eye on
feel free to release it earlier! OMG cant wait!!
Hope they actually put a bit of budget into the TUTORIALS for some of the combat mechanics and not just slap a Powerpoint onscreen with a few slides and think that's good enough. Xenoblade games are NOT intuitive and the mechanics are needlessly complex, which I enjoy but if I KNOW how they work... The only reason I know how to do Elemental combos in Xeno 2 was cuz I ended up watching a youtube tutorial.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.   .
Xenoblade is a game franchise that exists, but did it need it's own direct?
game of the year worthy
This looks insanely good, and the battle system with all its complexities makes me go tingly all over. I spend so many hours learning all the different blades and how to utilize them in battle in Xeno 2, can’t wait to get my hands on this new system, it looks super interesting.
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY PRN BOTS AGAIN 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
At the end when it shows the expansion pass teaser thing you can see rex's or more specifically pyra's sword on the left of the art for the expansion😃
tf is nya up too
Xenophobic and proud! ✊
no tell me why pokemon games look like crap ill wait for your excuse
Meh
NOT THE STEVEN UNIVERSE FUSIONS LMAOOOOOOOO
I'm xenophobiaphobic and proud
Only 816 hours until launch…stay strong brothers, we can make it
I think xenoblade might be becoming the best JRPG franchise and this game might cement that.
Xenoblade X sequal please
This game has switch-itis. Every game post odyssey looks like a ps3 game.
Cringe
The scene at 12:08 goes so hard with the music, so hype!
So many different systems and combat possibilities... I almost feel like I'm going to need a PHD just to wrap my head around it all.
Can we stop announcing DLC before the game comes out? It comes across as the game being sold at full price is incomplete.
oh I wish we could see the dislikes again
This will be the most agonizing month ever. This game looks incredible and I need it now!
I'm surprised there are not more people commenting about how this is pretty underwhelming for there to be a Nintendo Direct for one game after the rest of the world did lots of big reveals for the E3 window even without a real E3. Bring us a real Nintendo direct!
This games graphics looks like ps2 and reminds me of persona 3 fes
Personally I’m not a RPG guy. I like some but this looks like an okay game. I’m just disappointed that this isn’t a regular Nintendo direct. I may pick this game up, but RPGs like Pokémon and Miitopia.
The battle system is ridiculous I love it!
Like the video if Nintendo should get roblox
Can't wait for this game to be overshadowed by Pong 2
Cant wait for this game to be overshadowed by Splatoon 3
Looking forward to this new chapter in Xenoblade Chronicles. The only thing i gotta say is WHY?!?!! Why did they put Anime eyes on those Nopon?!?!?
all i want is a remake of xenogears
based game
NINTENDO! It’s June and this can’t be all you have to show.
I've never played a Xenoblade game before, but after seeing this trailer, i might try this one out.
edgy Vincent valentine gun hero guy is going on my team asap
so in other words this is like x-men legends ?
Still have no clue how chain attacks work
does anyone know the name of the song at 12:07 ?
Help i wanna finish xenosaga but the gameplay is extremely mid
18:07 daddy? Sorry daddy
So awesome.
16:45 why is mio’s health bar purple
8:48 xenoblade fans when they see a furry or a girl
Chads: I wish we got a real direct Xenostan furries: this is a real direct 🤓
What's the time frame on this...I only played xbc 2. It looks so diferent, no blades or sexy outfits :((
Gonna make a weird comparison but this looks a lot like Final Fantasy 13 (I like 13 it's not a bad thing) it looks like the summon system and class system play similar to the paradigm shift system from before
I was so happy when I saw pyra’s sword on the dlc
OMG!!! 1 Month left, you can not do this to meeeee. This looks totally amazing <3
I'm so hyped for this game!
Cool now how about a normal Direct, please?
Bruh I didn’t even know this was a thing 💀….. xenonlade direct ???? Where is Nintendo Direct
Having a class system like FF5 is pretty sick
I didn’t pay enough attention, can you control the “hero” in battle as well? Like any other character? Or are the heroes always the CPU?  This looks amazing, I’ve loved both chronicles and chronicles 2, can’t wait for the story to continue and hopefully some more info on Ontos, (who is supposed to be alvis but we’ll see how they handle that here) the battle system looks like a lot of fun. Can’t wait.
This looks absolutely amazing. I am so ready to sink hours and hours into this.
When Noah says "We'll build it for ourselves, a world with freedom to choose" is such a great reference to Mechonis's Field fight between Meyneth and Zanza
Playin XBCDE and bought XBC2 (going to play it right after I finish XBCDE) I am SOOOO hyped for this game!!
The allegory for the military industrial complex here looks really interesting.
Xenoblade more like bad am i right hahahahahhahahah
Hello Everyone Like Potatos
Does anyone noticed that Keves and Agnus, sound similar to Kislev and Aveh from the original Xenogears?
AWFUL DUB DUMB DOWN LAME CHARACTER DESIGN THEY REMOVE ALL THE FAN SERVICE NO THX I AM NOT BUYING THIS
Xenoblade was my favourite Wii game.  Xenoblade X was my favourite Wii U game.  And Xenoblade 2 would be my favourite Switch game if it wasn’t for Breath of the Wild.  It’s crazy to think how fast this franchise has grown on me, and the roller coaster of emotions I have experienced after playing each title is unlike anything I have experienced in gaming.  The quality of this series is on par with the best Nintendo franchises.  Every Xenoblade game to date has offered a rich 100+ hour experience packed with amazing characters, story, combat, soundtrack and exploration.   Monolith Soft even worked on Breath of Wild, so it’s no surprise this game’s open world looks amazing.  It even looks to be taking advantage of the hardware better than anything on Switch so far.
Remember back in the day when the other party members had to walk into the main character after a cutscene. We are so beyond that now
At least the protagonist sounds better than Rex so far
Hope there are mounts to traverse the world faster
This is a fantastic blend of every Xeno. Xenoblade, Xenosaga, Xenogears
Yeah. Looks good.
🤢🤮
I'm going to be honest here. This was way too much information to process. The fighting system looks way too complicated. Don't get me wrong I'm a Xenoblade Chronicles fan and really enjoyed playing Xenoblade Chronicles 2 but it actually looks like that Monolith went a bit too far with this game and overrestimated themselves with all these new features. Seriously how is the average person supposed to comprehend this complex gameplay, fighting system and this affinity chart. Wasn't Nintendo supposed to be family friendly? I can't see this game being family friendly at all. Xenoblade Chronicles 2 was much easier to understand. Also what was Nintendo trying to reach with this trailer overwhelm people with too much information? I'm not trying to ruin this game or this trailer. I'm just trying to see this game from a realistic point of view. Which means you've got to question some things. Also the quality seems to be much worse than XC2. Everyone who played XC2 knows how bad this game looked on the handheld mode. I don't even want to think about how bad the quality will be with XC3. I can actually imagine that many people, at least casual players stop playing this game because the gameplay, the fighting style is so complex. This is supposed to be an adventure/RPG game, not a puzzle game like Professor Layton. I hope they will still work on this game and improve the fighting style and affinity chart
🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮
I’m so HAPPY I’m not a xenoblade stan
I wonder how Klaus/Zanza will factor into the plot in this installment?
I really hope it’s the Agnus battle theme that plays in the battle section, because the part that plays in the song at 13:27 is so good
I’m so excited!! The music sounds like this will be a finale of some sort, and it looks like some serious stuff is gonna go down. I can hardly wait!
2:59 "I want to live and learn."  LIVE AND LEARN FROM SONIC ADVENTURE 2 STARTS PLAYING.  happy birthday Sonic. XD
And yet nobody cares
Holy crap I am Super excited for the Ouroboros mechanic! Just the fusion mechanic looked cool, and the additional modification you can do with it is awesome!
WHAT!?!?! TOTALLY UNPLAYABLE!! WHERE IS THE NOPON PARTY MEMBER!?!?!?!  Edit: Oh wait there is a Duo Nopon Hero unit? Game is SAVED!!!!!!! ...still wish a nopon was just a main character though... Can't wait for this to come out in a month! Halfway through my XC1 replay, then I gotta rush XCX and XC2
Mio touching noah to turn the music off will be plot relevant mark my words
"You can set your destination without fear of losing your way?" Haven't these dumbasses learned ANYTHING from the past years? Gamers WANT to lose their way while exploring! Just look at BotW or Elden Ring? And think- what was it that made exploring those worlds so fun? Certainly, neither game had a goddamn red line on the ground showing you exactly where to go. That's also what made older games fun... Monolith Soft treats its players as toddlers. You would need to be a near- baby to require options like this. And yeah, it's optional I know you don't have to use it yada yada... then tell me why there is no such option in Elden Ring? Because if it's there you are gonna use it the moment you get stuck and at that moment the game is ruined. Same goes to casual difficulty levels you can put on or off at any time in the game: first ruin exploration and then make option for such easiness you don't need to use any of the mechanics such as gem crafting.  I'm done with this series. Great work ruining your own product, Monolith Soft. You should start making movies instead of games. All that work of creating a big world and complex game mechanics, and then you drain it all down the toilet. I learned my lesson from XB Definitive Edition.
I'm also realizing, this is just monster Hunter and dungeons & dragons, with a Battlestar Galactica twist.
As more as I watch this, I'm starting to realize, this is just monster Hunter, but with modern and or futuristic, technology..
I feel that, xeno saga, should come back in some way, either reboot or remaster.
To be honest, I truly miss, xenosaga.
I feel, Xenoblade, is the star wars, dune, Battlestar Galactica, Star Trek and Stargate, that should have been, that could have been, but wasn't, but I feel, the wars walked, so other sci-fi adventures, can fly.
I don't know. Been there, done that. Looks just like Xenoblade Definitive Edition. The problem with these games is that they have these big semi- open worlds, and then you got options that just directly show you where to go. Here, it's possible to create a red line on the ground leading to next destination. Talk about making exploration obsolete. Also, the game world looks static. It's nothing like the interactive playground of BotW. The only thing here is the story, really, and that's likely what the developers want everyone to experience, even by the cost of removing all gameplay mechanics. They probably have casual difficulty modes here to make sure you don't have to use any of the rpg mechanics to actually get stronger... they ruined XB definitive edition with all this handholding and toddler difficulty levels, and I can see them repeating the same game ruining nonsense here.
11:03 "BREATH taking scenery". I'm on to you Monolith lol.
I’m a huge Xenoblade Chronicles fan each game tells amazing incredible stories and has great gameplay mechanics
So the whole theme of the game and its mechanics are two becoming one? Very clever monolith
I played and loved Xenoblade 1 and 2 I just don’t see it right now No hate at all like it looks like a decent to solid game I’m just not all that hype idky
If you encounter a certain "Kirby Kirb" with an angry Kirby pfp in this comment section, just ignore him. He's a bad bait account.
Is it only me or at times does noah's va sounds very similar to the guy that voiced Rex (al weaver?)
They showed me a thing or three
Amazing Direct, thank you, Monolith Soft
can we have a real direct nintendo??
It was trending and some people say this game nobody cares. Lol, what a bunch of idiots! I cannot wait to play this masterpiece, they combined all good things from XC1, XC2, XCX and XCT. Only one month left lads!!!
Xenoblade is peak
It has come to my attention that many people don’t even care if the game is trash (which it is) they will play regardless because it’s a xenoblade game (cash grab) I call this new manipulation *xenoitis*
Dislike
Looks rushed
10:46 Oh no, it isn't fully voiced?!
when botw 2 direct????
what if Masahiro Sakurai was assassinated?
And I was absolutely sure no game would have me this goddamn excited for release this year other than Elden  Ring, yet here we are! Monolith Soft is coming  with a bang!
Ok got a lot on my plate after this. First things first, are we gonna do the data scape world thingy now too? not complaing, KH just branded me. Will there be "white mage only" runs with the class system? xD
How about a REAL Direct with the next Mario Kart tracks?
just looking at the gameplay I think it's clear to say that we need an upgraded switch model cause those frames are horrendous
im a XC1 fan, is my fav game, but idk why i cant get hyped. I just wanted a new IP from monolith
I wanted to avoid spoilers but this trailer was very minimal in that aspect, so that was a good surprise. I already ordered the Special edition and have been a Xenofan since Xenogears, but this looks to be one of the best games of the series, and thats no small feat to accomplish either.
As a Steven Universe fan, I'm so excited for fusions. The in battle switching made me squeal!  I know there are going to be plenty of tears with the character relationships 😢
Xeno stans in the comments trying to defend the bad graphics by saying it’s a good game but in reality are just playing it for furry girl
xeno bros we are eating good
I love that Nintendo still likes to keep the retro graphics of the Wii for this game
Hope the framerate & resolution will be good
That combat is very interesting all six party members can attack. Will make chaining very engaged.
يا إلهي الحب الجديييييييييييييييييييييييييد
I cant watch this since i dont want to spoil myself so heres a like to promote the game and goodbye
Finally, a new Nintendo Dir- oh wait a minute
The Soundtrack of this game is just insane again. Everything looks so good. I need this game in my life right now :D
Now give us a real Direct. I'm expecting BOTW info. Not this.
My poor brain...WTF nintendo
Still need to finish Definitive Edition and start 2 💀
This really feels like a perfect blend between all three previous xenoblade games, in terms of gameplay, art-style, and world features. I'm starting to really feel it!
I really hope the group has wholesome voicelines in combat and actually talks to each other. Biggest thing i disliked about 2 and all the gacha characters - you cant have a groupdynamic with this many characters and 6 of them in field at the same time. Lets see how it turns out in X3 with again 6
omg Nintendo! what did you do!!?? this game looks gorgeous!!!
14 classes wow
18:28 Secret hero looks like
While other games are busy hiding behind CG trailers, it's refreshing to actually see the game here!
The lore has always been super interesting to me but there are 2 barriers that keep me from getting into this series. the general Mmo feeling combat and lack of competent voice sync. Looks like the latter might be resloved. Maybe the 4th times the charm 4me.
I gotta play this on original Japanese voice, because the English voice doesn't match the appearance of game characters, English voice sound too mature for me ( i said for me because there's people who prefer in English..lol )
Why is this called a Direct??? Sad.
Like, wing heads are good for something? Maybe if they are beheaded their heads will fly away or something.
can't wait to play this on steam deck!
Wow!
JRPG fans have such a low bar for games
This game looks so beautiful
So hype for this game. Think I can echo almost every comment already made. While not a direct sequel to XCX on Wii U, it's the closest yet - I'll take it! Ready to pause life so I can immerse in XC3.  Also, vote with your money, buy this game, so it's success will lead to XC4 or XCX-2 on Switch Pro or whatever with better frame rates, higher resolution, even bigger worlds. Just more please!
I'll get it in October. Very excited!
WTF?! So many systems in play... I thought Xenoblade 2,  while still a favorite of mine,  was a little too simplified but this is nuts! I love it!
miserable.
God how corny. Lmfao
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates_🟥
This game looks dumb. Although I haven’t played a single Xenoblade game, I still feel like this will be bad. It is filled with cheesy writing and a dumb plot, and with furries. Why couldn’t we have a normal direct with some info on more popular and most likely much better games like The Sequel to the Breath of The Wild, Splatoon 3, and maybe some new games. But no, all we get is a long trailer for a crappy game.
Nintendo direct! oh….darn
So this supposedly E3 presentation or there going to be more like trailer from Metroid Prime 4 :(
19:27 you're welcome
Its literally a new twist on Xenogears’ story, we have two nations at war, a third power that controls everything from above, Mechonis’ sword is the equivalent of Babel Tower and Shevat, reincarnation etc. Already my game of the decade, can’t wait for the release
THIS LOOKS AMAZING! I’M SO HYPED!
Xenoblade 1: create a new world Xenoblade 2: create peace in the world Xenoblade 3: INVENT DEMOCRACY
So many locations that look like time-swept versions of the BIONIS from Xenoblade 1… so nostalgic, seeing the rock formations of Gaur plains, once again.
I’m done with First Person Shooters!
Yay, 30 min of anime game gameplay
This is one of those franchises that I feel like I'd be in to if there wasn't number vomit all over the screen.
It is me or its suffer a lot of stuttering?
I don't think I like the concept of terms. I feel like it's gonna play too big of a part of the story and be very unengaging.
I don’t play xzenoblade
Boooo
I hope we get the Aegis if the Pyra and Mythra amiibo were released.
I don't know if that's Riku saying "but not for two" at 17:44 but if it is, let's just say I did not expect to hear that voice coming from him. I thought he was gonna sound like Tora, or maybe Riki.
I just hope its not a combat tutorial for the first 30-40h of gameplay until you are able to do combos and stuff. After that point i really loved the game, but at the beginning i put it away Chronicles 2 after 10h and restarted it a few month later. Also glad they put a proper navigationsystem in the new game.
Buying on day one
L
Ratio
Watched the video thinking about making a purchase decision, then remembered I pre-ordered this the other day. Lucky I didn't buy it twice I guess?
Did Xenoblade always have UK voice actors?  It is so refereshing to hear different accents in media.
Monolith soft you are a cut above the rest! I'm so glad a got my hands on the deluxe edition to this game! I can't wait for this game to make me cry like a baby! Cause we all know it's gonna be a tear jerker at many points of the game! Truly my game of the year!
It looks great, but I have no faith that it'll run great on the switch.
The amount of hate solely because this Xenoblade Direct is just Xenoblade is insane.  Nintendo Fans will never take a step back to figure out that Nintendo Fans are the problem as well.
This looks dope
i'd buy that for a dollar
Is this like genshin or persona 5?
I just want to know how it'll look in handheld mode cause the previous Xenoblade games looked horrible in handheld mode.
This is a good Nintendo direct
Does that mean we’re going to see Nia and Melia again ?
The only thing holding it back is the Switch's framerate. Which is a concern with that many characters in combat at once.  Hopefully, it'll perform better than Xenoblade 2.
Awesome! Thank you Nintendo for doing a Nintendo Direct about an individual game again, I love it when you do these.
I are dissapoint.
The mechanics of everything is just getting better and better! Super Hyped! The fashion mechanics, the battle mechanics then BOOM the mech mechanics! Crazy hyped!
Looks cool 👍
Loooks bad
it's so freakin beautiful!!
simply amazing....
Um is that nia from 2 at 22:47 in the mask
"And also announcing: Xenoblade Chronicles X Remastered for Nintendo Switch!" Sorry, just a dream I had. ;)
So basically the flame clocks are Xenoblade's Darksign, kind of.
It's like Xenoblade meets bravely default
I'm sold now, it's not campy and stupid like Xenoblade 2 was. Back to a serious story like Xenoblade 1.
Can we talk about that there is a DLC for this game and it s not even out yet
I'm really feeling it!
It looks so amazing but can help to wonder how it would look on a more powerful machine.  Like Tales of Arise look amazing, but I'm sure this would look even better on more powerful hardware.
preorder ages ago 😁
I just want the game so badly
WHERES METROID PRIME 4 RETRO
The collectors edition apparently does not exist anymore according to this version of the direct. 😂     6/8/2022
Release it on other platforms it will do so good and Japanese voice are so good that this
Looks like they separated Nias design from xenoblade 2 to Mio and Euni
Holy moly the combat scope of this game is stupid good!
Did I spot a flesh eater core crystal?
Oh no I think Melia is running the Soylent System and eating ppl...
So battle system gives me a headache but apart from this - Game looks amazing!
The game is amazing but i preferred that they out  more guys like gray and less "girlyboobs" or kids wannabe heroes.
8:32 I've watched this Mio scene toooooo many times now XD
Is this Xenoblade Chronicles X with Story? :D
Looks great! Do I need to play the previous entries of the game before playing this one? I have never played a xenoblade game before.
jesus, tone it down on the anime aesthetic.
Yay \o/
Im sure this was meant to be more dramatic than ridiculous but.... Yeah... Im sure this is a great game but its presentation is just not for me. Too much drama and seriousness, the narration itself makes me upset with how stressed everyone sounds. Again, im sure it was intentional but it did not work on me.
mid
What a shame. The world looks literally perfect, but it's an anime rpg
I’m so glad they are porting what seems to be a GameCube game to switch!
I can't say I like doing without the blade system, it allowed you to change up your teams and shoot for special builds in the long run and things like the elemental combo system worked in tandem with the combo meter and regular arts. Here you are going to be stuck with the same 6 people with an npc hero that can tag along. I can hope we will see many hidden heros to unlock but still we only get one at a time. This leaves a lot of things that will end up feeling the same through the whole game. Still I can't say I probably won't love the game. Of course I am totally ditching those British voices for the far superior japanese.
I don’t know why you guys make dlc for? I don’t play games twice once I beat it. that’s the end of the story. Sorry Nintendo nice try stop making uncomplete games and hiding the fact the game has another story that you couldn’t put in one time and save money and production? Let the devs complete the game no dlc charge $100 for collector’s edition I be happy with that not wait half a year after I beat the game to tell me nooo you didn’t we have more content you didn’t get to try out yet .
AMAZING
I’m not impressed with the class system stuff. Also, not impressed with the additional 7th character stuff. It’s just padding for the sake of extending game time. I hated all this stuff from Xenoblade X and now they’ve shoved it into this game. I sincerely hope this turns out good but atm it looks messy like xenoblade 2. actually, torna was the best entry since XC1
I'm too smooth brain for this game... I'm still getting it.
The culmination of ever Xeno game coming together. We have the Consul as the Gazel Ministry/Solaris/Testaments from Xenogears and Xenosaga. We have a super dark story like both those games. Humans are being grown in vats/test tubes, people are born with the brand and can't change that so they die in 10 years everytime, it seems like the Moebius/fog beasts lead by totally NOT ALVIS are observing the party from a theater similarly to how it is done in Xenosaga with the Testaments talking to Wilhelm and the Gazel Ministry talking to Krelian. Takahashi still loves Xenosaga and Xenogears dearly here and i'm so excited for this direction. We have KOS-MOS coming back as Mio's white Ouroboros, and even Sena's White one is Crescens from Xenogears. Then you have Noah's as Weltall for example. And then the Moebius even call themselves by a letter which is probably to not reveal their true identities. With the Moebius confirmed as the fog now it is possible these characters are dead Xenoblade characters coming back to life as Hooded figures. I CANNOT BE MORE EXCITED
How can this look like a PS5 game and run on switch
The British accents are really annoying
NAAAAAAAH DUDE THIS IS LITERALLY XENOGEARS 2
I'm really feeling it!😁
Sweeeet! Classes coming to xeno 3 means we I can make an omega buffer team
Was really hoping we'd keep a battle system more like the blades of chronicles 2, this looks like a step back to the dumbed down basic combat of the first game though - just with more characters
Being able to mark routes for quests in such a massive map is truly a blessing. Thank you to whoever decided to add that to the game!
wtf was that walking animation 9:10
Please, please give us an option to use a different language for the voice acting on day 1 - the fake British accents ruin the experience for me
we're really getting xenogears 2
Xenoblade looks so good they put so much into this game. Gamefreak take notes
Ok none of these characters are waifu material and it’s hard to ship any of them
I'm even more hyped now, but also scared for the games story. I don't think XB1 or XB2 are going to be as important as we thought. The season pass is mostly why I think this, because the image shows the Monado and the Aegis, And at the same time the dlc will come with 2 new characters...most likely Shulk and Pyra/mythra. I believe it will be like XB2 again where its none cannon that their in the game. Could be wrong tho (and I hope I am) because we were told XB2 would not continue XB1s story but it still did (kinda).
I wasn't super excited about another Xenoblade game, but from the class/combat systems this looks like it could be the best one yet. Officially hyped
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD 🔥🔥🔥
I think this will look amazing in Switch Oled in terms of graphics and colors.
Even more hyped then before.
These games are boring
the best thing they can do is make the graphics not look like gamecube in 2022
I would love the xenoblade series, but the combat system is just rubbish
HYPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well my only reaction to this, to quote a certain inquisitior: WHAT!!!!!
I'm entirely new to Xenoblade, and _I'm_ crying for this game.  YouTube doesn't have a high enough character limit to describe how cool this game looks.
The battle system looks very interesting.
Looks absolutely amazing... can't wait
I’ve got a few thoughts. 1) I want to like this game SO badly—it ticks so many boxes for me—but it looks like combat is just as convoluted as Xenoblade Chronicles 2, which put me off so much I stopped playing after a couple hours. If the devs can manage to actually explain all the systems and mechanics thoroughly within the game, maybe it will be better this time. 2) Imagine if this game wasn’t locked to a glorified mobile phone. It’s probably going to run at 15 FPS. I wish Nintendo would at least consider putting their games on PC. 3) This game will have a Meta score of 90+; I’m calling it now!
I'm absolutely going with all red jacket team.  Looks sick.
So what happens when your characters level up? Do they have a skill tree or just gain higher stats automatically?
This game has gotten dlc before it has even came out. This is clearly a cash grab. They could’ve added the dlc into the base game
Changing the combat classes looks like it’ll be really fun to mess around with
the music is so beautiful 😍
No offense but the graphics looks worse than Pokémon sword and shield
Watching this after succeeding your thesis defense is the best feeling ever!
Screaming in pure excitement for this game! I don’t care if I’m about to go to college, I will buy this game with the dlc asap!
I still just want Advance Wars... :(
🥱😪😴💤💤….
😴....
I don't like how their weapons don't actually make contact with the enemies but it's a small gripe
Now time to find my switch
This game looks like hot garbage.
At the end of the presentation, I thought he was going to say, Playstation, hahaha hahaha hahaha. There are hardly any games like this on Nintendo.
is there anyone can tell me the song in  the first 2 minute?
I don't know, guys.  Can we take them?!! Will we forget them!?
Prediction: We will not get another Direct before this game is released.
still bad english VA
I think we all wanted a Splatoon 3 direct instead
18:31 judging by blur there is a surprise hidden character that maybe teased in that game.
Make all 6 players incursors to critical hit everything into oblivion. 👍🤣
I will miss the concept of blades (collecting and raising affinity), but the extra hero and ouroboros fusions look to make up for it.
Nintendo can you tell HAL laboritory to look at this YouTuber named hotflapjacks he shows really cool Kirby ability ideas
Is that Fiona's voice in Nia's body??? This will be good! They fused all the good things in 1 and 2 to make a 3. Game of the Year!!!
Every character lives up to 10 years old only? You know what that means:      NONE OF THEM ARE LEGAL HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Tbh as someone that owns all the games, this trailer did not make me hyped for 3. Super hot take but the pacing and general cliche of this trailer.. idk. I’m probably being pessimistic but I am hopeful for this game despite this trailer. This is my most anticipated game of the year. The character designs in this game are meh on first impressions. I am hoping that I laugh at this first impression in a few years. I hope i’m wrong.
Nice they have character quick swap in game and weapon quick class swap too.
Cheesy voice acting.. This is the Xenoblade I know and love. Excited for Xenoblade 3. Hopefully the maps and general feeling of hopelessness in Xenoblade 2 doesn’t make a return in 3. hyped.
when can you just play as combined forms? thats all i care about.
the flute, there really needs to be a special Nintendo flute
You get xp for finding location
Can we get Another Direct, This one was cool and All but give me some splatoon!
The fusion linking was probably inspired by Darling in the Franxx
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
The year is 2028, we are waiting for Chuggaa's LP to premiere and I can't wait
11:03 they had to use the BOTW shot
GEASS
fine i get it you want another year of my life
Xenoblade fans are such cringey weebs
They added guns to Xenoblade.
Is there a dodge button now?
What if the scary mask people from the start of the trailer are actually the original people the 6 of them were cloned from?
8:48 best part
This game looks so amazing. I thought XBC2 looked like a more shallow and watered down sequel to XBC1, but I guess I'm gonna have to buy it and play it now so I can actually follow the story in 3!
Cant wait
I already cried during the 1st song.
Do I need to play the previous xenoblade chronicles games? Cause I wanna get xenoblade 3
I’m still mad that waluigi isn’t in smash
I still dream of a port of X, or even a sequel (or like a dlc sequel like Definitive edition and 2 got), that gives Elma some more solo action. She deserved to be the lead of X and I still feel like the character creator was shoved in cuz some executive got scared of having her be the Face of X
do i need to olay the other titles prior to this
I've bought each game but barely scratched the surface of each one because i still find the core gameplay... jarring. Like it's Action rpg combat still seems weird in my head. Played the 1st on 3DS, X on WiiU, but 2 was the furthest I got cuz I barely got X before the switch came out. TBH unless X get's rereleased on Switch, this feels like the one most likely to get me into the series, just cuz it seems closest in tone to X's world which I loved.
Why am getting this “FF13” type of vibe? Story arc is close, however its not convoluted
From shulk, to rex, then to Noah.
:)
This needs to be on PC
You can announce an anime game and release it a few months later with paid dlc, but you can't put metroid prime 4 together in a timely manner or release Mother 3 on the functional gba emulator Nintendo Europe Research and Development made for you  I'm getting a steam deck asap
The UI is awful.
It's ironic that the XC3 expansion pass won't be free with the Nintendo Online ...expansion pack.
PC vibes in Xenoblade Chronicles 3 are technically sound. However, I am not feeling the overall story arc narrative. A fresh coat of computer graphic designs can not hide the fact that the program layout is same iteration that gets weirder.
bro how did rex let this happen
So much to be excited about, but to me, having amiibo support is great!  Makes me glad to know Nintendo hasn't forgotten about them.
This looks insanely good, and the battle system with all its complexities makes me go tingly all over. I spend so many hours learning all the different blades and how to utilize them in battle in Xeno 2, can’t wait to get my hands on this new system, it looks super interesting.
i didn't even know this was happening
well im ready for the 360p 17 fps handheld experience :D
Mantaaap Masbro
I already know I'm gonna love this game, the story already had me beyond intrigued because of the ties to XC1 and 2 but the gameplay looks amazing too I was already hyped because of the fusing but man class changes in jrpgs are a quick way to get into my heart and this looks sooo good, now I'm even more excited for the game
I’m certain where all using Gray, and the whole seven squad member idea is amazing!!
I know Smash is done for a long time, but the move pool of these characters make me REALLY wanna see how they'd play in Smash.
honestly the first game was so boring i cant complete it, i tryed the second with same problem hope this will be not
cant wait to fight scary british villains again. but for real tho im really excited for this game.
This looks interesting and will probably be picking it up at some point, but I really REALLY hope the next game Monolithsoft develops is a Xenoblade Chronicles X2. I enjoyed my time in 2, but it just didn't capture me in the same way as X did. 3 looks like its incorporating some elements from X but it still mostly looks like the same gameplay as 2.
0:29 I can't believe I see Grahf in Xenoblade 3!    Xenogears fans would know what I am saying!
This one and Fire Emblem warriors:3 hopes look nice, hack and slash?.Hmm...they arent any rpgs,rpgs hack and slash and zombie survival games with furries by the way?.
I have been a fan of the Xeno games back in 1998 and so happy I can get this next. Said this before but damn why is Monolith Soft the only one making games like this on switch they need to teach others how to do it right. Just think when Nintendo does make a new switch system Monolith Soft is gonna leap over the rest.
Please bring kosmos and telos as a character
I'm most interested in the story tidbits. Looking very much inspired by xenogears, and I love the clear callback to the Xenosaga testatments.
look out we might get a shulk reprint tho :O
Now i can sit n watch battle between creature  in the wild. Thats some improvements! Hyped🔥🔥
OMG THE SONG AT THE BEGINNING😭❤️
9:33 You can tell it's Xenoblade due to THE RETURN OF THE MIGHTY GONZALES!  But in all seriousness, It looks fantastic but I am going to raise my eyebrow SO hard if that "three months to live" bit isn't called out by someone going "Do you know how long a day is? a month?" Considering that three months is roughly 90 days. that's going to be an amusing time limit if it is one in a game with active day/night cycles.
Damn ! Now I see why y’all have this it’s own direct. The game looks so sick
17:54 Bruh moment
I wished to like this game more.
Hopefully any RNG elements aren't as ridiculous as XC2.
18:28 What's so spoilerific about that one?  Is it Elma or something?
Cutscane before battle always epic but when in real battle looks junks you must be change battle gamelplay likes tale of series
Nintendo really going all out advertising this game
is it just me or does Gray sound like Yura the Finger-hunter from Elden Ring?
Wtf are Melia and Nia doing
I’m interested in the censored hero…
Afraid this game won't come close to X's gameplay. Its just a better torna and gems look like they suck now. No equpment but the lam accessory system that neutered customization greatly. Very mixed after seeing the direct and analyzing. Story looks like a Xenogears 2 and Xenoblade X prequel. Story isn't enough to keep me invested in a game though and 3 looks very barebones and simplistic like 2 but with slihgtly more deph than 2 and Torna. When will we get complexity, customization and deph back in xenoblade?
The song that plays at 14:15 is so good.
How many hours are we gonna spend in menus tho 😂
AHHH IM SO EXCITED 🔥🔥🔥
Great looking game but the Current Switch hardware is clearly holding back possibilities not just graphics wise but gameplay possibility wise and framerate wise. This is the kind of game I should have the option to put on a 4k Tv but I know that If I do it will look a blurry mess. So its portable only I guess.
Looks pretty mediocre. Mio is the only interesting character. The rest are bland. But at least it seems a little more serious than 2 was.
Can’t be the only person to notice that on the  “hero” screen, the first character is blurred out.
Okay cool so when did I ask for this direct?
This looks so good. I hope I have the opportunity to buy this soon
Who is narrating this? She sounds super familiar but I can't quite place the voice.
people are calling the game incomplete garbage because it has an expansion pass announced before the game comes out, I believe it'll be something on the level of Torna, and if it's not, the expansion pass for XC2 alone was already worth the money
DON'T FORGET ME
I’m hyped for this game as much as everyone else, but was a direct for this game necessary?
This ff14 remake looks great
BOTW sequel has to be better than this game, if not XC3 will be the best Nintendo Switch game.
Bad game botw2 better
Xenogears (mid) is better unfortunately
So much stuff to keep track of. Jeeeez
Please no blurry graphic please no blurry graphic
Never played a Xenoblade game... honestly not my type of game, but looks packed of stuff and interesting
I just realised that Sena's ponytail is on fire.  Yeah, all you Xenoblade nerds will probably tell me that it's 'ether' or some such, but nuts to that - the idea of her hair constantly being on fire is far cooler... and funnier.
Xenoblade 2 better unfortunately
I wonder if this game will be similar to Trials of Mana where the character you pick is the focal point of the story while the others are party members.
Wow, the xenoblade series has taken a massive leap forward... if your new to the series, this should be the one you play, or torna the golden country, xenoblade chronicles 2 went to in depth with the blade system,  a separate game system for poppi, mercenary guild for roc, most mercenary missions requiring a blade with a specialized talent...
Etika would've loved this game so much.
This was an amazing direct  This game will be miles better than xeno 2
"Ouroboros?! At this time of year, at this time of day, in this part of the country, localised entirely within Aionios?!" "Yes." "May I see it?" "...No."
XC1 and XC2 with over 200 hrs, i'm probably gonna disappear from reality when this game releases
11:42 A NAV FUNCTION???  I'm sold, after the Second game that makes me happy
Ggggggggiiiiiimmmmmmmeeeeee!!!!!!
This looks like the most complex battle system I have ever seen. Layer after layer of options. I am giddy after each function shown. i cant wait to play this. I will have to buy it and play.
I just want the option for Japanese audio. I always prefer playing in japanese for jrpgs
Do I need to play XC2 before this one?
CHAOSS!
Have been waiting for the deluxe edition for some times now. Apparently they will not release it (the deluxe edition). They sell the expansion pass separately instead.
Goodbye $90. Goodbye a few hundreds of hours.
I’m still 80% sure this game is the cause for that one girl who goes to your school with rainbow hair and doesn’t go by a gender. It’s all fun and games until her “fox tail” gets yanked out by a bully
11:03 That audibly made me gasp. And knowing Xenoblade, you can explore EVERY inch of that. Yeah, no, this 100% got me. I wasn't sold after having a rocky experience with Xenoblade 2, but this looks incredible.
Take notes Gamefreak and Pokemon company.  this is even a decade away from pokemon games lmao
I hope Mario plus rabbids sparks of hope don’t get delayed to 2023🤞🤞🤞🤞cus I’m too desperate to wait any longer
I'm going to hold off on the dlc for awhile and see if another version will come out with all dlc and game in one.
This is Game of the Year contender
Xenoblade 1 is better unfortunately
Definitely Pre-Ordering this ASAP
I'm in awe at what I'm seeing. Can't stop watching it. Love everything about it; the music, the drama filled story, the voice acting, the world, the action. This could very well be the best jrpg in a long time. Can't wait to play this masterpiece.
I think the team at Monolith Soft had played a little bit of FF13 around when they went to the drawing board on this one, but I know they really put in their own ideas, and it looks fantastic.
Now this is someone else’s kind of direct 😃
I just dont like the English VA being all British. I really like the Japanese VA
gonna be playing this in japanese with subtitles for sure
Ouroboros is similar to the Divine Knights from Trails of Cold Steel series.
Am I the only one who hates how hideously stupid launching looks and is extremely disappointed they brought it back instead of daze
This game is giving me Tales of Arise vibes
I just want my doss of friendship is magic
Ah yes. Here we go again Xenoheads, another new style of gaming, great story and of course the sad song they'll play for us at they end of every let's plays.
when the amount of work is evident, unlike some certain other franchises these days.
I wonder if they got rid of the gacha like system for getting new characters?
Interesting that the Vandham character is the only older person shown.  Everyone else seems to be around age 30 or less.  Really wonder what the infinity symbol is all about.
I'm so excited, bruh
So when's the real Direct ?
I skipped out on XC2 because I didn't have time for it and never picked it up because it looked oversexualised to an uncomfortable extent. But I adore XC1. Hopefully I don't have to know much about 2 to understand 3
You can do so many things in Combat, my brain will melt thinking about the combos
It feels like a mixed world. This game have all the races of the xenoblade series and one of the main characters is clearly a blade with a core crystal in her chest and all.  I am really hyped for this game mind blowing moment
It’s so attractive- THE VOICES NO MORE MOTOR SOUNDS WHEN THE MAIN CHARACTER SCREAMS
This could almost take a half a year to 100% count me in.
DUBS SUCK
I'm liking the music
That's fukin awesome
This kind of gives me Xenoblade Chronicles X vibes
Team building is going to be very VERY interesting in this game.
And for this a Direct... Im so bored.... But hey game isnt released but you can buy a Expansion Pass xD GG Nintendo. Im dissapointed.
Ves esto y luego la basura de Gamefreak y coraje...
Xenoblade chronicles 3 got me with the evangelion mechanic
FF VII Vibes
Absurd this game is on the switch… xenoblade 2 already looked amazing and so did the xenoblade 1 remake. Switch is what really got me into this series.
👎 👎 👎 👎
The combat alone will make this game endlessly replayable
God the voice acting is horrible. Glad there’s always a Japanese option lol
Honestly who tf actually plays these games
That was amazing.
"You thought six characters was a lot? HAHAHAHAHA!!!" -Nintendo, probably
Can't wait for this, Xenoblade is my favorite series and this looks like a more than worthy entry... I'm excited for the gameplay and the notion that this game will unify and progress the story of the broader Xenoblade universe
There was a direct today?
Es... hermoso... 😭
So amazing 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🔥
The game will be out by the time I’m able to fully digest this content.
This combat looks like I'm going to spend another 10 months learning the mechanics and still not hit the ceiling.
Fashionblade Chronicles is finally back. This is the real reason to play.
💤💤💤 Waiting for Starfield like...
Remember when Nintendo didn't want to release the first game in NA on the Wii?
I still think Xenoblade chronicles x had the best combat system.
I mever played 1 and 2  just found out about this series but this looks like a good time! Im in cant wait
I still need to finish 1 and 2, I’m definitely grabbing this though
Looks like the power of the ouroboros is a replacement for Xenoblade Chronicles X mechs   which is great because I didn't care for the mechs. I felt like it was a waste of money when I finally got it cuz they break so damn easily. That what's the point in the game where I lost interest. I powered through it for six more hours but those things were so expensive. It just felt like a waste. This I like. This ouroboros thing is what I I always wanted as long as it's implemented in a good way.
Based
OH. MY. GOD.
I don't get it, but I'm not complaining!
Is it just me or do these main characters sound kind of boring and generic?
How many sub-systems do you want on your combat system? XBC3: Yes.
God I hope I can cop a se copy! I was lucky enough to get xbc2 years ago, crossing my fingers they'll put it up again.
Yess I get to give lanz guns
Don’t care
The class system looks interesting. Can’t wait!
For anyone here who's both a Xenoblade and Elden Ring fan: Listen at 18:03 does Gray's character sound like Yura the Bloody Finger Hunter from Elden Ring? Same VA perhaps?
Honesty it's a shame the xenoblade games are switch exclusives, imagine the technical possibilities stronger platforms would provide
Just give us the real Direct... this is trash.
10 years of live bro that’s worse than the Clones from Star Wars at least they live 50 years
The only thing I was worried about was a limited class selection, and now I'm thinking of all the hours it will take to unlock all the classes 🤣  Might beat my 255 hours in XBC2 😅
Awesome look. Not that I needed convincing but thoroughly expecting this game to he a smash hit. Can't wait. But no comments on the special editions?
Please Nintendo, re-release Torna in physical format.
This game is gonna look so good on yuzu!
This game looks so freakin' amazing!!!
*I play the game for plot* 17:54
Definently buying this !!!!!!!!!!
The hype is UNREAL.
I've never played any XC games before, but would like to try this one. Do I have to play the old ones to understand the story or does each game have their own story?
Yeah i think I'll either turn the voices volume down or switch it to japanese, they always manage to find annoying voice actors for these games
Looks so good
I don't like the landscape colors..looks so ugly..brown brown everywhere.
Damn they really put every cool idea they had for combat in and made look really cool and fun. Let’s go dude
Where's the other games? please announce more games, Nintendo. This is great and all but the game is coming out next month, what projects are you working on?
Looks like a hybrid xbc x
I can't help but have a feeling that we may see one of the main characters in the next super smash bros. Game or what I am hoping for a SSBU Deluxe version
Is the combat still the same? As in click to let the guy auto hit the guy or do you actually get to control your weapons?
This is gonna SLAP
I don't even know what to say. I'm floored by how incredible this game looks. And sounds, for that matter. You can tell that Monolith poured every last ounce of their experience with all the other Xenoblade games into this one.
Wtf did I just watch? I have to be dreaming right now, like this can't be real.   I'm calling it now best game of 2022 and best game for the switch  hands down
honestly this might be the game to get me into xenoblade it looks sick!
The character design is SO much better this time. Definitely looking forward to this like I did the original. Hyped!
Is it just Xenoblade tradition to hire bad English VAs? Especially ones with terrible accents?  Or do they keep hiring the same crappy voice director?
I can't believe how much STUFF they've put into this. I'm already overwhelmed just watching the Direct, and no doubt there's more they haven't shown. I am so looking forward to this game.
I wonder what Shulk and Rex will think of the world that they (unintentionally) chose to prolong. Especially if the theory of Melia and Nia being the ones behind the masks holds.
Wow ...
Wow, this game wasnt fully on my radar but this direct changed that
I, for one, could not be more excited!
Now, please just announce a proper direct.  We're dying out here! 😢
K now give us one about Pokémon
Now I know this Direct was 'Directed' (See what I did there?) towards XBC3, but it would have been a prime opportunity to sprinkle in some sort of Xenoblade Chronicles X reveal.  That was an entertaining game with a limited player base due to the abysmal failure of the Wii U.
Can't wait for Chuggaaconroy to LP this game someday. His XC LPs got me into the series.
Born into a world of strife  Against the odds  We choose to fight!!!!
Look, I loved xenoblade chronicles 2, and X (original chronicles is overrated) xenogears and xenosaga epi. 1, but ngl.  This looks like more of the same ol stuff.  Plus they brought back the atrocious voice acting and corny cringe dialogue.  I think I’m gonna wait for this one and buy it used.  These games are long and grindy and there doesn’t seem to be enough new stuff to really excite me.  Thought I would be way more hyped, but this just doesn’t look like it’s doing much to separate itself from the others.  Maybe I’m just burned out knowing I’m gonna be doing the same jrpg stuff I’ve done a thousand times before.  Also, am I the only one who thought Noah was a chick up until now?  They really gotta stop with the effeminate male character designs.
So... When will there be a Direct with BoTW 2 news?
Being able to switch characters on the fly mid-battle is awesome. This will really open up topple strategies. Also, that Shulk amiibo function is just beautiful. I hope it can also look like Monado 2 or REX
A direct focus on one game seemed a bit odd. But a welcome direct all the same. I'll hopefully be playing this day one.
A direct focus on one game seemed a bit odd. But a welcome direct all the same. I'll hopefully be playing this day one.
LOl Immovabale Gonzalez is back lets goo 1hit newbs since the olden days!
I still can't handle how blurry the main characters look in those games. I know they have to do that to have that level of distance and things from afar looking good but like... Maybe just not activating that on the characters would be nice one day.
Damn this game is gonna be lit! So many combat options!
My prediction is that the covered up extra member is Ethel (white hair girl with two swords)
Nooooooooo!!!!!! Why didn’t you give us Splatoon 3 direct!!!
They did a whole direct on xenoblade announced last year and botw 2 like 100 sec of not even finalized gameplay   Edit: Wait my bad it was announced this year.
I wasn’t even that excited for this game, until I watched this direct.
Literally only getting it for that one hot guy
"Tap the Shulk amiibo to get the Monado as a glamour"  Huh... I wonder if they'll do the same with the Aegis Swords once the Pyra and Mythra amiibo drop. I mean.... that expansion pass tile did feature both the Monado and the Pyra Aegis Blade, so its possible.
I need to play this I got 1 and 2 know I need 3 and then if comes out ima need that 4th one to
This sequel combined Legend of Zelda and Final fantasy.
i cant wait im so reddy for this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ohhh wow so very epic!
Wow, kind of overwhelming.  Will definitely buy day one, but very, very overwhelming amount of content.  This will take a very long time to master.
The aegis on the dlc image also shills sword too?
Im so hyped
Those guys at the beginning, are those Corr Crystals on their chests??
What was that glitching at the end
EVERYONE, PLEASE say to monolith do not censored this game, don't let sjw ruins this game, because xenoblade 2 was auto censored from items to equip pyra, and mythra to cover up, that's so stupid remember what happened to TOKYO MYRAGE SESSIONS FE ENCORE.
Also I’m so glade the gacha system with characters are gone.
I loved the other games and can't wait to see the cross over of the two parallel universes in this instalment.  Though I still really want a sequel to X, it was left on a really good cliff-hanger even if most of the story was a little paint by numbers but the world itself was brilliant, I can live with the 1,2 and three being story based and the X universe being more about the world.
EVERYONE, PLEASE say to monolith do not censored this game, don't let sjw ruins this game, because xenoblade 2 was auto censored from items to equip pyra, and mythra to cover up, that's so stupid remember what happened to TOKYO MYRAGE SESSIONS FE ENCORE.
Nintendo please improve your hardware. The games are so amazing. But imagine how amazing they’ll look so clean without the frame dips
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD THE EXPANSION PASS IS GOING TO BE AN ACTUAL CANNON STORY WHERE NOAH REX AND SHULK COME TOGETHER YOU CAN LEGIT SEE IN THE PICtuRE
dear lord the english dub is horrible, can't wait to play this in japanese though.
I never played Xenoblade. Looks very interesting !
god Xenoblade would make a sick mmo also im getting strong everyone dies at the end vibes ngl
I’m gonna die inside if this is the only summer direct
I have nothing to say to this game but WOW.
Such a generic anime type storyline as always. The accents dont make them more unique. Still the same tropes and one button press battle system with the occasional quick time event. Looks like a die slowly on your couch grindfest.
It's going to be a wild ride!
Xenoblade Chronicles awesome
Wow, this gave me goosebumps, very nice direct!
14:00
Does anybody know when Nintendo will be allowing us to purchase the Collector's Edition again? The game comes out in a month, you'd think they'd want to open up pre-orders again. Would really like to get ahold of the Collector's if I can.
It's a shame how the graphics are held back by the Switch's lack of power. Playing games at 720p and not even solid 30 fps in 2022 is a disgrace.
Splatoon 3 direct, please.
I'm down if they reduce the ridiculous fan-service
The game looks freaking Amazing, i just wish the UI was much more idk... Simple? There is SO MUCH on screen, i can see myself struggling with info, coolsown, status effects, enemies, allies, damage etc...
Amazing, definatly buy it. this looks so promising best game of the year so far for sure. for me anyways.
While the story looks pretty lame, the world and gameplay look great.
Visually, audibly, and the new features make this game look amazing. I honestly haven’t felt the “Xenoblade” impression since the first on the Wii and Chronicles X. It has gotten an entire anime overhaul since, which I honestly can’t look past. It adds for more emotion, but ultimately it makes it too cartoony. I get this is the standard, but I just don’t see them ever having a game like the first one.
8:07 😈
Heroes all have unique classes and you can learn their classes for the main party as well?!  So many possibilities!  Love that Xenoblade X nod with the Full Metal Jaguar class!  Really cool how there are two forms for each Oroboros.  Now I see that the genders of the initial forms that were revealed matched the Keves characters in the pairs.  This is gonna be GOTY for sure!
I honestly really do not see the appeal of Xenoblade Chronicles games. Can someone fill me in on why people like them so much? The stories are great, but the pace of the story is broken by the abundanve of boring fetch quests. You could just not do them and only do the main story, but then you're missing out and creating a much more shallow experience in terms of gameplay. So basically you have to choose between a boring but fulfilling experience, a kind of fulfilling experience that leaves you wishing there was more to it, or try and reach some middle ground and achieve the worst of both worlds. The story and the gameplay actively fight against each other. I don't see the appeal in that, and while I'm not bashing anyone for their opinions, I don't understand how a person is able able like such a game. That's why I'm asking. What's their secret? Did I do something different? Usually when I disagree with someone on a game they like or dislike, I'm able to see why someone else would have the opinion they do, but not here.
COME BACK WHEN I BUY IT ONLINE.
Make a direct about next comming game or just on only one  game   - nintendo i know what to do
Mio voiced by Ranni the Witch? ^^;
This game is a woke kids wet dream
Man, I really want to get into Xenoblade and this one seems just fantastic! There’s so many mechanics, and it’s by the people that helped make Breath of the Wild, it might just be superb.
It looks like there's a lot more of xenoblade chronicles X in this one than 2
PINGAS
No fan service?! Won't sell as well.
mid direct no botw such a bad direct
I feel like this is Nintendo's version of the final fantasy series. I hope the Xenoblade Chronicles continues to expand. This will surely keep me busy for a long time
Ah, Ouroboros. If memory serves, that's the name of a serpent forever devouring its own tail in order to sustain itself.  Well, checks out.
Xenoblade is so slow. It’ll never be as good as BotW. Can’t jump. Can’t climb. Can’t fly. Can’t even attack at will. Boring. Slow. I’m not trying to spend every second I have off work playing some video game. There’s no grab and play. Not for me.
Please nintendo please do a reprint of shulk amiibo
Earthbound better
Acting sound so much better than Xenoblade 2
This game is the definition of  *SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY* !
I may get the expansion pass but there’s a huge chance it’ll take a long time for me to go for that other story scenario
nintendo never stop to surprise me, i will never regret at bought switch and play this masterpieces
This game gonna be long
Not here to poopoo the expansion pass but I think I'll hold off and see if they do a physical edition like they did with Torna. I still kick myself for missing out on TGC physical edition.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So far Affinity chart seems to be back, I don't think this game will have Heart to Hearts though Since it has base camps.
Omg a friggin actual navigation system? Thank god. One of my biggest issues with the previous games is that because the worlds are so big and I suck at directions I would get to a point where I had no idea where to go and just kinda give up for a few months lol. Thank god they added an option like this. Plus being able to change characters mid battle is a great idea. Can't wait!
Dam was hoping this direct was for zelda but i guess this will have to do….
This looks good. Gameplay seems fun and the character designs are pretty nice. I really wasn't a fan of the character designs in XB2 (especially didn't like the "coomer bait" fanservice-y ones, blegh), so it's very refreshing seeing these new designs. I'm really digging them. Especially the enemies.  I've never been a huge Xenoblade fan (I liked XB1 but that's about it) but I'll definitely keep an eye on this.
Can't wait to get out there with 6 Ogres and just smash everything.
It's been a quarter of a day and just now does this video break 100,000 views, this is very unusual for a direct.
Can't wait for the ost
Let me guess: like the characters of the game, the game itself will be gone after 10 years/terms.
I was already a huge fan of the Xenoblade games since the first, and was already excited for Xenoblade 3 before watching this Nintendo Direct, but after? Now I can hardly contain my excitement!  There are so many amazing things being added to an already amazing game series to make things even better!  Classes?  Check.  New battle mechanics?  Check.  DBZ Fusion?  Check.  The only thing that really makes me sad is the Nintendo Switch is severely holding back the game's graphics quality.  Could you imagine playing this at 4K on a Super Nintendo Switch, or Switch Pro, or whatever Nintendo's next console will be?  It would be even greater!
wait so if they only have a lifespan of 10 years is everyone in this world toddlers or something
RPG of the year, hands down.
July 29 :D
So I have my quality set to 1080P...and it still looks rough. Which I can't help but assume portable mode is going to be worse just like XBC:DE XBC2 did. Monolothsoft...why can't you get this right???
Tbe cringe vocal songs during action are back
Oh boy am I even more hyped for this battle system and world after watching this. Unfortunately there is a lot of other things I am seeing taken from 1 that I really disliked. It looks like we are back to gems and the side quest/community connections of 1. Oh well, hopefully the battle system and connection between members of the group will be enough. At least I’m walking into 3 more realistic now. The combat looks amazing!
This game looks so amazing, I can't wait to play it!!! I have loved every Xenoblade game, and this one looks like the best yet. I'm going to dedicate my life to this game when it comes out next month.
23:39 That's the Xenoblade 1 Monado... on the left... and to the right... Pyra's Broadsword from Xenoblade 2.
Honestly I'm starting to give up hope that they're gonna make a Xenoblade X 2
10:17 was that a shipping chart!?
You don't have to Thank us for watching its an honor to have watched this ❤️❤️❤️
Darn was hoping for a demo announcement as well as an announcement on when special edition goes on sale!!! But that aside, great watch!
I want Zelda direct
18:25 Because of course the one option on the top left is a spoiler.
Calling it now, that first slot is the High Entia woman leading the farewell ritual, who is also Melia from Xenoblade 1.
Say what you want about xenoblade, but why does this game have a whole separate direct? I don’t see why any game needs that nowadays, especially since lots of other games are coming later this year and earlier next year that are lacking in info.
Special edition when?
first game to sell one ourobillion copies
I thought this was going to be a normal Nintendo derect
new game for registered s*x offenders 😭
No smash reveal??? Pointless
22:50 So now, I'll eat a frog
So, spoiler wise, how much is in here? I haven't watched it yet, and am very picky when it comes to spoilers, especially my favorite series, and Xenoblade is my favorite rpg series and second if not my new favorite series. How many party members do they show off here, and is there any story related information in it? If there's anything either talking about the plot or anything story related at all, I don't want to watch because I don't want to know anything about it when I play it, and if it intrigues me, it'll only make waiting even harder. I also don't want to know which characters end up being party members, although I suppose it's usually obvious which ones that do, and when Nintendo shows off games, they don't go far into the story, so any surprise party members that the game might have wouldn't be in it since they would likely be much later in the game.
That was epic, I can't wait for  this game!
My most anticipated game by far. I can't wait! I'll probably need to watch extensive guide and tips for the combat once again. lol
the ultimate crossover beat this marvel
Wish they would do XCX2 or something, nothing against XB3 but that ending in XCX2 has sequel all over it.
Damn I am crying right now 😭 Cant wait!
The affinity chart is back?! Hallelujah!
How come we geta xenoblade chronicles 3 direct and not a splatoon 3 direct?
How come we geta xenoblade chronicles 3 direct and not a splatoon 3 direct?
Yay. 20 minutes of spoilers for a game I didn’t need to be sold anymore on. Thanks Nintendo!
am I the only one who is somehow annoyed by taion. He reminds me of akhos and i hated him :/ cant help my feeling
Some of their eyes are too far apart
this looks crazy good potentially game of the year
kinda bad that even in the official videos like these we can see glitches or quality lower when there's a "lot" happening on the screen...
My body is ready
Idc how salty people are on Twitter/ I’m hype
I was hoping for Splstoon 3. I'm happy for you guys though!
Wait what?! There was a direct just for Xenoblade 3 and I didn't know about it?! Again, I'm so glad how far the series has come, to the point that there is a direct specifically for a Xenoblade Chronicles game! I think Xenoblade 2 also may have had a direct for it, but I can't remember.
9:08, this looks like a piece of Gaur Plains. Together with the sword of Mechonis, this makes 2 parts of the Xenoblade 1's world visible in 3.
This game looks crazy spectacular
This Nintendo direct is so good it feels like I'm watching a movie.
I'm slow atm so is this ver a jprg and not a turn base like a tales?
Oh my God this hyped me to extremes I never knew.
I was somewhat sceptical about this one after Xenoblade 2. But this looks really promising!
Expansion pass story paywall presented after one buys the game. Why not just say free dlc after? While I liked the first part of the video, the ending content was half-assed and needs another video to verify and explain itself why the expansion pass is necessary and which content inside needs to be added and which content needs to be free.
This PS2 game looks amazing!
Square Enix needs to start taking notes, this is lightyears better than the stuff they keep showing
There's a surprising amount of positive comments on this! I guess Twitter is just that much more toxic. I am glad that people are being nice though
Why would they waste Nintendo Direct on this game 😭😭😭
Hopefully the tutorials aren’t as bad as 2 was and better explain how combat works
They didn’t need to make a direct for this game alone but I’m also kinda glad they did
I knew they would announce a new DK game!
Wonder who was the fastest to see the expansion pass and get on e-shop to purchase it (I’ll say this though, it won’t be me by a long shot lol)
Xenoblade sucks
Thank God Big Mom doesn't exist here
Gray gets me ludicrously hard
I'm sorry what I couldn't hear you over the process of equivalent exchange (me selling three of my games to get this one)
That last main character… looks like blades and humans CAN breed.
Meh meh meh!
zelda
4:04 Metal face? :O
Is it wrong for me to ask maybe advance classes?  It will be so awesome if it does.
Class system has me intrigued. Really liked the one in X; but it had a lot of potential that never got followed up on. . .      *hint* sequel please *hint*
the blur in the hero menu has to be shulk or rex or a blade idk
“I don’t even know how this is working. But cool.”
Damn this looks doooopE!!!!
I’m so hyped
When they showcase the character menu at 18:26, one of the characters is pixelated... means someone from xenoblade 1 or 2 is gonna be a party support? It better be Dromarch
LET GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Bro, I can not wait. The story seems interesting, combat flow seems fantastic, the music is incredible, and the game just has so much customization
Nice
...Alright, *sold!*  Unless I hear that something REALLY gums up the combat system (like, Tora for half the game in XB2), I'm picking this up very soon after launch (gonna wait until I'm done Live a Live before I play it though)
The framerate looks bad. Beautiful game on trash hardware. Shame
they had me at fusion arts
This game literally combines all the best from XC1, XC2, Torna, and XCX all in one package.  I think this will be the best 1st party RPG yet.
Does noah says he will end the world!? And then what looks like one of those more beastly auroboros appears that looks like it could be a more beastly version of noah's auroboros
Dude, there is so much stuff here, like holy crap o.o, it's going to take a minute to learn all of them, including which subclass is best for each character
15:22 You forgot our names💀
damn.........that was epic
Can't wait !!!
Pyra Amiibo
I love this art style.
I can't wait for this game 😝
I'm thinking about getting into this series I like to play Pokémon except I never beat Gen 2 or 5, I played FFXV it was fun, Earthbound is my favorite RPG, with Persona 5 a close second but if I do I'm starting off win Xenoblade 2 cuz I play Pyra and Mythra in Smash
Whilst I love the 2 previous game, I kinda disliked the thousands of pointless side quests, so many that felt abit to mindless filler to bulk out the game.  Would like a game like it with witcher 3 style quests, probably asking for to much I know. I sure this game is still going to be blast.
THIS LOOKS AWESOME!!
Everything looks amazing, but...a dlc before even the game is released?      RIP my wallet
18:55 There are probably 4 heroes hidden behind the menu because I can't see Lanz or Sena there either. They and the 4 other heros are probably under the overlay. Ethel and Isurd are probably there since we see what looks like Camurravi as the bottom left locked hero.  Also at 19:57, Wild ride says "One down, good start". Maybe we actually start with seven party members and he kills one of them?
Why do I have a feeling Hammer Loli is gonna be two different ages in Japan and everywhere else
meh
GRAY
i hope the in game tutorial will be better than XC2s as this looks there's a lot to take in
Everything looks beyond amazing so far😩 I'm so excited for this to come out✨️✨️
Most already mentioned all there seems good about it. What I am nitpicky about, though, is that the font looks kind of weird (for speech bubbles etc.). A bit too sharp. The speech bubbles themselves are also kind of in high contrast to the other textures. Again, nothing major, and it looks still massively enjoyable.
18:30 Wonder what hero they are hiding from us here.
Love the Wii graphics!
👍
I’d like to see shulk and rex as examples of those who broke they’re fate
Im very excited but I will miss the battle system of XBC2. (I think im the minority) Tho I am gonna give this a chance. Im super excited! This series is sooo good
I am positive that there aren't *THAT* many Xenoblade fans around that this needed its own Direct.  The fact they are immediately hiding unlockables behind an expansion pass to sell more of the Nintendo online expansion pack is even more shady.
Man, the wait until July 29th can ONLY be too slow! The hype for this game is so insane, I can't effing contain it!!!
This game looks cool but it's still disappointing that we got this instead of a actual big direct it would be nice to hear information about Splatoon 3 or botw 2 that is more than a 5 than a couple of small trailers
SEEMS LIKE VILLAINS ARE THE ORGINAL AND WE PLAYING THEIR CLONES OR SOMETHING
The villain’s remind me of Xenogears for some reason maybe it’s the mystery behind them
As if I wasn't hyped before!
Well this is disappointing, I was hoping to see more about the new Pokémon.
holy crap! I think I love all their voices!! Sounds like excellent casting, and from what we've seen, much better voice direction
Already am expansion pass, half price of the game .... Nintendo is not the Nintendo it used to be ....
You can change her name all you want but I know that's Nia
As someone currently playing through xenoblade 1 I can officially say that being locked to one character during combat is one of the worst features ever. it makes the game feel so restrictive and I have to trust the ai way to much to the point where it’s not even worth using chain attacks cause if I die no one can res me and the game lowkey discourages playing anyone that isn’t shulk because after halfway through the game it becomes absolutely Necessary to use shulks moves to even advance in battle I’m not sure if it’s a feature in xenoblade 2 but I’m so glad in xenoblade 3 you can switch party members
I cannot wait to dive deep into the game and the music.. it's just epic!! Xenoblade battle music always give me goosebumps.
Oroboros looks great, sad that it seems you can't pair it with more than the select pairs, I cannot wait for this to be released July 29th
Could you start with XC3 if you have not played the others?
i am so excited for this mio's uncanny  resemblance to an adult version of nia may play a role in the story later? but i wonder who that fuzzed out extra character is
God the music, the battle system and the story look so hype! I am so ready for this game. XC1 is my favorite JRPG of all time, so I'm thrilled they're bringing back some of the mechanics from the first game
18:26 Wait a sec, one of the Heroes is blurred out. Must be a massive spoiler for whoever that is.
I can't wait !!! Let's goo
I'm sold. This looks pretty good.
Monolith was the best acquisition Nintendo ever made, and Nintendo turned out to be the BEST home for Monolith. As someone who has been following Takahashi since Xenogears, I couldn’t be happier. It went from very worrying 12 years ago when “Monado, Dawn of the New World” wasn’t slated to be localized into English, I was worried I’d never get to play another Monolith game again. Then Operation Rainfall happened, and the rest is history.
Can't wait to hear the main character yell "I've got something for ya" like... 50,000,000,000 times before I get tired of the game at the 20 hour mark....
can't just be me being tired of seeing these really amazing beautiful games that Nintendo makes and them having the resolution of a potato. Really kills the vibe for me. Like I still buy them and play them just wish i could play them in a higher res.
Celebrating Xenoblade Chronicles Fifth Anniversary For The Upcoming Third Sequel of Xenoblade Chronicles 3 🎊🎉🎁💐🎂
I’m so hyped for this now
love how this trailer opens with a bunch of figures in a dark room talking mysteriously to one another, like it's a Gazel Ministry scene from Xenogears. we full Takahashi now boys, the brakes are off
Is now this game :0?
THIS IS NINTENDO'S YEAR RPG ! screw Pokemon
If they have a 10 yr lifespan why do they all appear to be different ages and
The hype is real
I have no idea what’s going on but I’m happy for fans of the series
Ehhh this direct is ok even though I’m not a fan of xenoblade. I still wish that they’ve done a general direct
The mishandling of the CE ruined this game for me.
Can't waiting for it to be out! Does anyone know the name of the song of the first part (around 1:02)?
Booooooo no one cares
so sad.  they caved into feminists who don't even buy their games :(
So much love went into making this game.
New Xenoblade player here. Played a bit of 1, not much of 2. I own both. Do I need to play the others to get into this game? I'm really interested in this and have this pre-ordered!
i…. i… i NEEEEEEED IT!!!
Some of those character designs are just no
Booooooo nobody wants Xenoblade The only reason people get Xenoblade is because of the girls fanservice
Noah looks like a stud.
Hated the Oroboros Mechanic... Characters are Digimon now, great.
we better get a actual direct
Not liking how soft spoken some of these characters are. Really hoping I'm not going to be feeling like I'm listening to the guys from Digital Foundry while playing the game.
NO. ONE. CARES. ABOUT. THIS. CRAPPY. SERIES. do an actual Nintendo direct announce real games
Hey wait this isn’t monster hunter.
24mins and 24 seconds of inconsequential information to the initiated. Where. Is. The. Limited. Edition?
Finally games that take advantage of the power left in the Switch, plus the art in this game is amongst the best I’ve seen in any game, any generation. Would be my first Xenoblade game if I buy!
Tell me that Mio doesn't sound like Arya Stark/Maisie Williams
2 Nopon, you have 2 NOPON in your party, that was my first thought. Can't wait to play this, now if Nintendo can get it together so I can buy the Collector's Edition.
Dunkey malding rn
It's beautiful and the best part is it's on its way so we don't have to wait long all we just got to do is wait another month and it's here 😁😁😁😁
The customization in this Xenoblade will be so big. Also, I'm so happy that they bring back the sociogram from Xenoblade 1. During the whole direct, I had goosebumps. It's just too much good to be real. 😅😁
Can this game fit in a cartridge though?
Took the week off of work for this game, very excited :)
7:13 ahh nah they really just copied shulks air slash file LMAO
17:54
zzzz..
They do realize that we're only going to be reclassing for the sickest looking outfit rather than class effectiveness right?
Goofy game
Here’s to hoping we’ll get a regular Nintendo Direct soon.
This is great! There are so many options for characters. You have the different Classes, Heroes, and fusions. Along with different moves and abilities to go along with them!! This game will be insane!
Rikus voice bro! It’s detective pikachu!
That's nice. When do we get a real Nintendo direct for E3?
I wish they add PYRA as your blade in this game 😔 I miss PYRA but I am excited for this game I can’t wait 😝 I’m so happy they uses the same mechanics on XC2 on this XC3 is the best game I have ever played now I’m ready for XC3
Why I cant buy this physically on Brazil… shame nintendo… shame!
So…it’s not a direct sequel?
rip etika
Why did they have to replace the direct with this. I am thoroughly disappointed.
INCREDIBLE
Starting off with existential horror.
Never interested in Xenoblade until this direct. Looks fantastic!
"Find your fashion and fight for the future"
If any game would bring back the mechs from Xenogears, it’d probably be this one
Xenoblade has kingdom hearts level writing.
Bruh this is amazing
22:48   Okay dewd. Dewd. Okay dewd,
so uhhh are we not gonna talk about how at 18:28 they blurred out a character. Hmm what character could they be hiding
I'm actually gonna get this. It looks awesome!!  At any rate, in the beginning they said no one had ever defied fate...  *You know, I remember when Shulk defied fate*  It sounds awfully familiar.
Im so excited I can't hide it
I can’t wait!!! Finally something to play this summer. 😍
Esta del puctas!
Looks pretty good  to me!
So Mios Ouroboros looks like Kos Mos only to me?
Looking amazing, and the voice cast is top frigging notch. I can tell the story is going to be quite an emotional tour de force too. I shall definitely be getting this one.
I love this! but....are they not revealing too much of the story? It feels like one of those movie trailers that it feels like you watched the entire movie already.
Damn the English voices are horrible
Say that one guy looks a bit too much like Grahf
this game is massive.
This game seems bleaker than the first three games. But it still has its charm. Can't wait to find out more about the world.
RPG FIRE!
This world design gives me strong XCX vibes and I am absolutely here for it. I want this game in my hands and I want it NOW
Let me know when metroid Prime 4 and Breath of the Wild 2 trailer come out until then No Directs for me
This just makes me wanna play the game more! Now the next month is gonna be torture!
I like how fiora va is now voice acting someone called fiona, its just a letter change
22:44 Bro that MUSIC I just know I'm gonna cry buckets when that plays
I can’t hold my excrement!
I was already sold when the game was announced.
Please bring back Xeno Chroncies X
This games possibilities of leveling are way over 9.000.  Also there is a chance, it‘s better than the great XC1. This would be heavy!
8:32-8:51-Para los Regios como Yo, Mio describe a todos los Habitantes de Nuevo León durante la Sequia debido a la escasez de Agua en este 2022!...Muy Pronto llegará la Lluvia.  No puedo esperar a que salga el juego en Julio!
12:09 Agnus Battle Theme ?
So I guess changing different classes to learn different abilities that you may use in different situations? I wonder if it's going to be the kind of game where characters benefit from a certain class or if anyone can benefit regardless.
I was somewhat interested in this game, but a whole direct around it has completely stomped out my interest. No game deserves this much coverage before release. Good job Nintendo.
Once again I watch this game and think "omg I need to play this the story looks amazing!" And then I see the gameplay again and realize "oh, no I don't"
Now it’s Ryan time
This alleviates a lot of my fears going into this game. Not digging the new vocal insert song but as long as it actually earns the emotion unlike Xenoblade 2 did then I can tolerate it. Glad gems are back and there being more classes than initially revealed is great. XC2 lacked a lot of interesting character progression and party composition choices and XC3 looks like its bringing some of that back.
I love RPGs but I never got around to Xenoblade. I'm curious to see what this will be like for the first time players
You either have an American accent or British. Make up your mind.
Salt
This is easily a 200+ hour game. I"ve spent thousands of hours playing the first two games (Yes... I said thousands) and I'll probably do the same over the next few years with this one. I can't wait.
A great another weeb game Nintendo is so disappointing
As always nintendo destroying sony with a single game
....I wish Nintendo would join the 21st century. These 6th generation looking games are just not cutting it anymore....
That expansion pack having day 1 held back content is sleezy.
I'm even more hyped for Xenoblade Chronicles 3. The mechanics look very amazing, the music is really majestic and the combat looks really fun.  Also really excited for the dlc expansion pass. Notice that the expansion pass picture has Noah's sword, Shulk's Monado replica REX from future connected and Pyra's aegis sword. Looks like the dlc could have Shulk, Rex and Pyra/Mythra in it.
Bro just uppercut a dinosaur and it started spinning infinitely 😂 thats gotta be lethal
This is the ultimate Xenoblade game. I absolutely cannot wait.
I love JRPG's like the bravely default series, not sure this is for me but MAN DO I LOVE A GOOD ANIME STYLE STORYLINE!! This looks awesome!!!!
I still don't know if the main protagonist is a man or a woman. Such a bad design.
Why is 90% upcoming games look like 3DS games ?
Do I need to play the previous games or is this like the Final Fantasy games with different worlds in each entry?
I'm now even more hyped about this game. Can't wait to get my hands on this =)
Excited for the game, bummed the Monado is locked behind a amiibo.
67k views in 3 hours says a lot
Elden Ring probably won Game of the year but this game won my heart thank you monolith soft ❤️
Some of the New heroes has to be shulk, mythra and pyra I mean that expansion cover.
Huh someone on the team must’ve really liked Alto Saotome to make Noah. Literally is just Alto design and all.
Hardware pusher which falls at sub-15 fps sometimes...But this looks great
WAY TO F*****G many spoilers.
No Mythra 0/10
Omg one of the hero’s is blurred out 😭😭
Did anyone else notice, when they were showing the heroes, one was blurred out?
Looks sick. Is it July 29th yet?
The ability to swap characters _IN BATTLE_ is going to be *so* essential to making combat with 6+  combatants at once possible.
The game looks amazing. You can really feel that Monolith put their hearths into the games they make, and as a player I love their games because of it and more than any others.
The hypeeee let's get ittt
What a cool direct. Can't wait for the ACTUAL Direct too.
Damn, and here I thought I couldn't get any more hyped for this game. Combining all three of XC1's, XC2's, and XCX's combat elements into one game works surprisingly well, and I was right in that's what they were going for this whole time in terms of building up to this game. My favorite part is the improved version of XCX's class system. Really lets you get into customizing your characters' play styles, and that's one of the best things I enjoy about class systems.  I'm wondering if NLA and the survivors of Mira will have anything to do with this story, seeing as so many gameplay and visual elements are coming from XCX. Perhaps that "new story" hinted at in the season pass will be it. I sure hope so. XCX is one of my favorites in the series.
Yawn
so de olhar para o jogo sabemos que sera legendado e dublado em portugues br
you poor bastards
Others: having cool class names Sena: Ogre
I hope this satisfies all toxic botw fans.
Still can’t get as good as voice acting as Xeno 1. Makes me sad
8:09
Yup im sold
This is going to be such a long month of waiting.
Soundtrack is amazing! Specially at the beginning
This one of them games everyone dies in, isnt it? 😔
Never felt happier than viewing this
Well guys, there's your direct.  Jokes aside, I am interested in all these details.  I haven't played a game with this amount of complexity in terms of mechanics.
This looks like it's going to be the Best JRPG of this Generation
Dammit … not even three minutes in and I’m already almost crying…
I liked what i saw so far, but some things made me remeber Degital devil saga
I must admit, the combat looks pretty freeform, which is something I love to see.  I'm not too sure how I feel about the story, but that's probably something I have to save my judgement for until it's out.
It’s giving me ff13 vibes
Is this world a mix of Bionis and mechonis??
HOWLI SHYT!
Looks awesome!  Can’t wait to add this to my collection!
thinking about how much Etika wouldve loved this
I’m happy that this direct exists as it means less weeb content in the eventual general direct.
Jeez...almost every scene filled with exaggerated emotional drivel that could've been written by a teenager
XC3 looks quite good, although I'm not that into the genre.  Now, I'm looking forward to the big general Direct. ;)
As someone that's never played this series, this game is like dragon age & vandred combined with the Xenoblade twist. Looks interesting.
Give us a REAL DIRECT not this crap
Im going to miss the Blade Gotchapon system from 2
Can't wait to play this in 144p like the last 2 games!
Was that the Gazel Ministry?
I never played a Xenoblade game before, but this one. THIS IS THE ONE.
Chuggaaconroy is fanboying so hard
This is a great use of Amiibo and I hope to see similar practices in more future games tbh instead of locking players out of content
GOTY coming through
As someone who's never played a Xenoblade game before and really wanted a regular direct I got to say this game seems impressive.  Very glad I decided to watch this
Is this some sort of out of season April fool's joke?
NICE 10FPS
I'll be getting this game for sure so I won't be watching this.
Very excited after today’s showing! Can’t wait for July 29th!
So they sat there and asked how do we make the Series even better? Lets take the best of 1 and 2 and make it 3 ( funny hiow that counts up XD)
This looks extraordinary
Shulk Amiibo  IM REALLY FEELING IT!
I’ve never played any of the Xenoblade games but I’m ngl, this looks really fun, I think I’m probably gonna get it lol
UI: The Game 3
THAT WAS AMAZING
outside of the characters looking like they came out of an MMD video, the games premise and gameplay look amazing.
voice acting horrible fr fr
Lmao that fps I don't think anyone who will play this game will have eyes when they finish it
Was that Pyra's voice actress narrating?
XC 2 was such a disappointment in comparison to XC 1. This looks like it's going to be the same as XC 2. I'm good.
Gray my beloved  and hopefully it'll sell well so we can get a Xenoblade X port
W
Looks like what xc2 should’ve been
ahhh the VA is still as cringey as the last one. perfect.
Thank you Nintendo. Thank you Monolith.
Xenoblade SJW edition.
Just Beat Xenoblade 2 Yesterday Just In Time For The 3rd Game
dude's name is literally Noah lmao Nah but for real this looks dope! Happy for the Xenoblade fans.  That combat system seems really unique, highly customizable, and very deep! Although that HUD is looking super busy and cluttered lol. But I do like how you get to use all your party members in battle. That's one of my big gripes with some RPGs - I wanna play as everyone, not have to choose between like 10 people. Probably won't pick it up as I haven't finished Xenoblade 1 and haven't bought 2 (I know the series doesn't really connect to each other outside of the name, but aren't there some story connections throughout the whole Xeno series? idk). Watching that opening trailer I was like "what is happening", but as more got explained, I kinda got what they were going for. The Ouroboros idea is neat, and I guess it makes sense there's only three, as the 6 characters from Keves and Agnus seem to mirror each other (I'm expecting a "we're the same/we aren't so different" plot thread/heaps of dialogue. Maybe a plot twist where everyone from both regions is literally a copy of someone from the other side) and making one for every character combo might have been a bit much. I still don't fully get the point of switching classes though. Like everyone already has their assigned class and, unless their class is upgradeable, why would you change it? Why would you want to turn your healer into a bruiser? If it's all in service of unlocking moves to make their primary class better, then maybe there's a less convoluted way to implement it? I dunno - that's why I don't make these big game decisions lol. Their gacha character icons give me the icks, tho.  Still kinda weird they only live for 10 years tho, but I hope they really delve into it in the story. Like what does it mean to be alive, to fight, have a purpose, what are they fighting for, etc.? But it looks like they're gonna get into that so that should be cool. I hope this one sells well so Nintendo can justify continuing the series! And hopefully there's a real Nintendo Direct soon! Cuz if this is it...wow that's pretty sad. Shoutouts to the voice acting - it sounds really solid. And shoutouts to Monolith! They seem to really care about the series and are giving it the time and care it needs. I can tell they've been busy working on this one. Hopefully they get a break after it releases lol
I was crying the entire video, I NEED IT NOW
Wow this game looks incredible!
100% gonna switch to JP voice
Damn, 7 character at once ... thats a lot of shouting
Zelda
To be honest, I have never played a xenoblade game before but this direct has solidified my purchase of this game. So excited!!
My god, final fantasy sixteen and elden ring have a real competitor here for rpg that shakes up the industry. I’m utterly excited and this totally sold me on the game, though i did have it preordered
This was an awesome presentation! Really looking forward to this game! By chance does anyone know the name of the song that plays from 1:00 to about 2:25? I really liked it.
This game looks great!!! I know that framerate going to be tanking tho😞.
can't wait to play this game at 20 fps 480p  !
They better release another physical version for the DLC story
Wait-wait-wait... This is not *The Wonderful 102* ...
Also, can we talk about the likes to view ratio?
Why does it have an expansion pass right out the gate. That's kinda greedy
Y'all noticed they censored a hero out? I wonder who will that be
Ayo looks like Xenoblade gonna be good again
I need to try these games, also please give us more botw news. It literally is coming in spring we need hype to build for it
Well that settles it. Since the expansion pack won't be wrapping up until Christmas of next year I won't be buying the game until Christmas of next year. There are too many other games coming out this year that I don't really want to buy a game that's unfinished.
I love nintendo, love my switch, love xenoblade, but please nintendo accept that we need a switch pro or a non-portable console to be able to enjoy these games better. The game looks awesome, but imagine it on a better system.
my favorite game series is back and coming out next month!
That framerate though
(11:22) WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
@17:54 😳😳😳
There’s no way this is real, I must be dreaming lmao. Seriously though, I have waited so long to play this game, I can’t believe it’s coming out soon!
Can't wait for this
Youd think they'd invest in lipsync AI at this point
pls xenoblade chronicles x
"You have three months to live"  "Play at your own pace"  RIP FMC
No special edition pre order info?
Lazy voice-over, again quests etc not voiced over?  the enemies look super stiff and clearly programed to basic movements when you explore the world, textures are bland and flat. Reading all these comments of how incredible this game looks like I recommend looking at final fantasy 8 remake, Elden ring, even Witcher 3. This game looks like 1999 title slightly better textures. Nintendo needs to step up and give better console and it's audience needs to start asking for more, or forever we will be stuck at this very mediocre level. WORD. @9:22 the goat in the back literally floats over instead of walk, you can't even animate animals walking? smh Triple A price on super mediocre looking game.
I am pretty disappointed I wanted botw2
HOLD ON A MINUTE!!! Who's that blurred character we see at 18:26 ?!
Mio = Melania = win
this looks like it might be a classic
Hype!!!
No nintendo direct ?
The next switch better give this game 60fps
7:30 Guy's lips are clipping through his scarf. Why does Xenoblade always seem like a next-gen title running on a decade-old graphics engine?
Can’t actually believe someone who have more than 7year play something like this
Moebius? MORE LIKE MORBI-
So for not Xenoblade fans, we are not getting a Nintendo Direct? so sad
imaginen estos juegos en gráficos novedosos serian 10 de 10
holy crap there was a fat kid 2:42
Xeno zZzZzZzZzZz
i love everything thus far, the whole class system and guest character looks really neat! i wonder if in newgame+ youll be able to choose any party comp you want to play with.  the only thing that isnt selling me much is the voice acting... i mean xc1 VA is just god tier in comparison to almost everything... so i hope we can get something better than xc2 fingers crossed
Damn this game looks amazing
I swear.. this and monster hunter rise are the biggest prime example of the switches hardware holding it back.. I'm not sure what their gonna do to add more power but it needs to be done. These games don't deserve to be set back due to the limitations.
Digimon Survive or this game comes out the same day.
Monolith are on a roll!
The blurred out first character slot on the "Hero selection screen" -- NOT SUSPICIOUS AT ALL
God plz just play the first two and give the series a chance. YOU ARE MISSSING OUT BAD BRO
Kinda surprised the viewership is low as much as huge Xenoblade Chronicles fanbase is
I dont know if they can make the 6 man combat work i havent played an  rpg other then mmo raiding that has more then 5 and didnt feel like a crap fest. I have faith though proper monster size/number and health proportion could do it  Edit: seeing them add roles to the combat actually probably makes this work and probably is the only way to in fact make it work well done. Shame on you star ocean
The quest path, oh god the quest path, I always hated how difficult was reaching some places in xenoblade 2 like reaching Uraya
Looking forward to it but it’s also sad that this is probably the end of the saga :/ what will come next
Dude what a way to do it. I’m not sure how much attention this game has had. Had no idea about it. Direct comes out and boom the games released in a month. Hyped
Monolithsoft just don’t miss
i just love the character design so much, finally we have bodies that look normal again😭🙌
So is this game a sequel to 2 or what?
Eh, not for me tbh
ok So Meh story but the combat looks on point cept the auto attack.
I never thought Nintendo could disappoint me more than I already was.
🔥🔥🔥
I will buy this soundtrack.  I will pay any amount.
This looks incredible! Thank you for showing just enough to get me excited, but keeping potential spoilers to a minimum!
Bruh breath of the wild 2 looks a lot different than the first one
I’m excited to hear all of the wonderful music I’m sure this game will hold!!!
i love how the huge monsters get flipped and spun in place by the Ouroboros.
Man, this all looks like it's shaping up to be an excellent addition to the series. Just seeing all of the elements that I liked from the previous games (including XCX) and seeing how the developers have been weaving them together into a harmonious fusion that still has its own identity. The final proof of quality is in playing it, of course, but I'm glad we only need to wait one more week to try it out.
This game looks like it may actually be better than the 1st
Looks similar to final fantasy remake.
as always massive combat features information that i can’t handle now 🤯 but i will dominate at the end 😎  the progression in xenoblade chronicles games is amazing
Me 2 but is this a 3rd timeline or a continuation of both/either timeline
Just one thing blah
I was sold on Mio's ear wiggle and catching sight of destined Best Girl Irish Oni waifu Fiona.
Poggers season pass announced BEFORE the game date was announced. ( Though that came at the end. ). Congratsulations Nintendo! You have become very thing people hate.
no demo?
Oh thank God they're showing quest trails again can't tell you how many times I got lost in XC2 trying to find some obscure barely visible route to a quest objective
I know this is a family friendly channeñ but holy*************
Wowowowow, this trailer makes me want to try Xenoblade Chronicles! Story, characters, and gameplay all look amazing.
Who cares
I'M REALLY FEELING IT!!!
looks good but several thinks. a) not 100% voiced. jp companies have to keep it up. we are in 2022. stop doing this b) i hope we can scale the UI. i watched this on my 65" ( and i'm going to play it ) that UI is to large c) i hope we can disable the talking in fights. XC2 drove my nuts after 70h
getting this day one, can't wait!
Why is joker here?
Plot kinda reminds me of FF10 just a bit, they guys fluting the souls of the falleb away... I just had a Yuna dancing ritual scene flashback. But the plot on this title is very interesting... Better than the other 2.
This was awesome. I could have sworn i heard venessa marshall
Man..... I was really hoping to hear news about getting a Metroid Prime Remake or Trilogy HD 😳 Not at all into The Xenoblade series ....
huzzah!! I am soooo excited for this game
I NEED MORE
Last time ya'll did a $30 expansion pass you made an entirely new game. Wait--wasn't it $20?
Where pyra
I see some features and evolutions of systems from XBX in here.. hopefully they are testing the waters for a potential port ;)  Otherwise.. looking great!
Great. There will be no Nintendo Direct in general this month. The Nintendo Direct on June 29th is a big fat lie.
i think its funny that they took out the "cute" girls because of xenoblade 2's criticism. Other then that, im super pumped up for this game
This Game is deep AF, so much stuff, so many possibilities, so many systems!
This Nintendo Direct totally convinced me.
It looks fine.
I love exploring each world in every Xenoblade game!
Never played a Xenoblade game, but I might try this one. Doesn’t seem like there’s anything I’d dislike, and I love how the environments look.
18:28 The full metal jaguar returns from Xenoblade X. That was my favorite class in that game so I will definitely use it a lot in 3.
All of these Xenoblade stories are so terribly written that I can never follow the plot.  The other thing I can’t stand is that the graphics never ever seem to improve—their eyes have that Uncanny Valley Polar Express thing going on. It’s disturbing.  Finally, they are extremely grindy.  I hate to say it, but I’ll pass.
Can't wait to dive into the next Monolith world. Only a month to go!
But is there an easy setting
The ability to switch to any character at will will help keep the gameplay from being slow
THEY ADDED CLASSES TO XENOBLADE im so happy
Wonder if Sena is related to Brighid since they have the same flame hairs
I haven’t played the previous two games. But I really want to play this one….. and don’t have the time to play the other two
I hope there's a digital version that combines the base game with the expansion pass
The fusion between characters or so called ouroborus should have been left as a surprise for the people who bought the game.
As someone who put 300 hours into Xenoblade 2 I got exhausted just thinking about class grinding. Can't wait.
it looks like something rooster teeth would make lmao
I was sceptical after XC2 but now I am so damn excited. This game looks more like XC1. That really makes me happy!
15:21 It's this the XBC3 rendition of You will know our names?
Woah, stunning. They put so much into this! Monolithsoft is amazing!
Monolith Soft always bringing in the goods. This game is gonna be so awesome.
i have never cringed so hard at a video game before
Damn I couldnt deal with the battle system in 2. Ironically I like JRPG’s but that was my first Zeno blade game and I just tossed it.
This is going to be the best nintendo game of 2022
Really hyped to be able to have all of the characters in the party at once
At first I saw the Amiibo compatibility thing with the Monado and I thought "Wow that's really cool!" But then I remembered that I don't own any Amiibo. ;(
Nothing will ever top the drip option in XC 1
18:28 are we going to talk about how one of the heroes is censored?  I guess it wouldn’t be a Xenoblade game without a spoiler party member
On The Day I get Married 😭
Hopefully no spiders in the game
Wheres the new smash character
This looks unbelievable good and such an improvement to XB1 and XB2
I find it really odd that the same people who killed gods in the name of having the freedom to choose their future are now leading a world where they are almost just as bad as the gods they killed; maybe even worse. I hope Melia and Nia can realize their faults and remember what they fought for back then.
One if my favorite parts of xenoblade 1 was the sidequests and Affinity chart. I am so glad it's back!!
This has the potential to usurp Xenoblade Chronicles Definitive Edition as my favourite video game of all time.
Why is the screen black at 4 minutes in
Crazy how this can look so good visually and Pokémon S&V can look so bad.
Don’t love when they announce a season pass before the game comes out but Xenoblade 2 had an amazing season pass so I’ll give them the benefit of the doubt.. also a story expansion is always welcome :D
I knew Dragon Quest XII was going to be dark… but man!
Seven party members jfc
Honestly not vibing with all the characters just yet. I’m sure it’ll hold up tho; monolith always does
I’d much rather have a Xenogears or Xenosaga remaster. Xenoblade games are pretty terribad
Noah and Mimi use Ouroboros for surf spin attack  Reyn, somewhere: *WHAT A BUNCH OF JOKERS!!!*
This was great!
18:27, hello there spoiler blur, what are you hiding?
Me as a Metroid fan still waiting for Metroid Prime 4 😕
10 year lifespan really monolith that's just cruel  even the Spartans had spans of at least 30 to 35 and they fought just as much as the main characters do
Not a xenoblade fan, never played any.  But this looks pretty cool. I'm just very intimidated to even start the series as I've never truly played a jrpg
I hope they allow us to choose the Japanese voices with English subtitles. Really not sold on the English voice acting this time around. Otherwise, I'm super excited for the game.
Well, after getting Torna as part of the XC2 expansion pass it's no longer a question whether the XC3 pass will be worth it or not.
Game looks really good, the visuals are amazing, maybe a little bit to good for the standard Switch? Are wey gonna see a Switch "pro" soon?
Wow this was a really good presentation. Too bad they didn't put this effort into literally anything else cuz tf is this weeb game no ones ever gonna play
Love how much they've toned down the weeb this time
Why everyone have like the same face and eyes
Gonna be another greatest game in my life other than 1&2
New game features include Class change and Auroora whatcha ma call it..................................................... ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................that is all.
The premise of having 3 months left to live life to it's fullest and fight for personal freedom is genuinely a captivating concept, I'm just afraid that the writers will sabotage their own stakes by letting the characters survive at the end, probably by "breaking free" or something. I feel like if the writers are just willing to let the characters die, the ending will be so much more cathartic because of what they DID accomplish.  As an IRL reference, Romeo and Juliet STARTS by telling you that both characters will die. It's not a twist, it's something written into the script that ol' willy shakes wants the audience to know before the play starts. It is stated by an objective narrator, and cannot be altered by the events in the story. The subsequent play is then about the turns in narrative that lead to that moment, with the audience on the edge of their seat because they need to know how everything goes down.  As an IRL reference to the contrary, think of any Disney movie. If you ever see a good guy get gravely injured, you know nothing bad is going to happen past that, BECAUSE IT'S A DISNEY MOVIE.  I dunno, just my 2 cents
looks amazing and I am so excited!!
I feel like the gameplay and story are both cheap knock offs of Xenoblade Chronicles 2.  I'm especially shocked how I hate literally every character design in the whole game.
Wish Etika was around to see this.
Did I just see the sword from X1 and X2 at the end of the video?? Is it because there will be a DLC that we get a chance to see the characters of the past game (X1, XX (I hope), & X2) coming to X3?!?! This makes me so happy.
So it's Endgame of Xenoblade Chronicles?
I’m excited for this new Upcoming RPG Adventure game for Xenoblade Chronicles™️ 3 I like new battle mechanics for XC3 where you can train fight with that opponent into your Party Members alongside with 7th Party Team Member as the Heroes joining the fray for each area that’s it’s connected with Aionios there are Two Nations for each region Keves and Agnus there’s a lot of new possibility information we could see next month I’m hoping to see a New Demo where revealed in Mid-July maybe something like: July 15th, 2022 that will be available for Friday & we only have 37 days left until the main release.
mmmm so cool im really excited xenoblade 2 was my first switch game.
Cool
Game looks really good. But I have always hated the English version. Can't stand the accents of these characters. It's better to play it with Japanese voices with English subtitles. And the story of this game is horrible and I don't mean it's bad. The idea of living only 10 years while you nothing but fight a war is an awful thought. Those poor people. Looking forward to this one.
Looks like another 20 fps game with bad frame pacing … :(
I don't even need this to be better than the original. As long as it's better than Xenoblade 2, which it will be hard not to top.
The game looks great, but I guess I won't be playing until April 2023 if they're putting out new playable characters with the expansion pass.
Why does this game look so damn good!!?? I absolutely love the Xenoblade games and I can't wait to play this new installment and fool around in the new world and use all these new tricks!!
They better fix that frame rate otherwise I’ll be very disappointed
Now I'm completely and utterly sold on this game. I love the idea of the hero characters, they remind of the blades from 2. The end of next month can't come soon enough.
Never know what to like more with Xenoblade Chronicles that's how breathtaking it is.. you're an absolute fool to not buy it :')
3:00 SONIC ADVENTURE 2
This is great and all but where is my big tiddy sword gf.
y'all mutha-Fs need enix
XENOBLADE X PORT NEXT PLEASEEEEE
I can't believe it. This is everything!! Been looking forward to this but I didn't realise just how deep it was until now! Day 1 for me, 100% 😱😄
What a waste of a direct Nintendo you could have revealed information about upcoming games or announce news about new games but nooooo you had to waste it on some relatively obscure series that NOBODY cares about.
Lame
The voice acting seems to have improved considerably. Very excited for this one
Nice Nintendo I look forward to this! 👍🏼
No blades, not really interested
This will be awesome
I've put over 1k hours in xenoblade chronicle 2.. I could imagine how many hours this is gonna be. 😱
Nobody cares
Here to leave my dislike
will Ontos trinity processor make appearance, too many game mechanic - interesting, will the story interlink with other prev series - huhhh cant wait and we see once release.
Naw naw fam I'm getting plastic memories vibes I ain't even played the games before. This going to be a sad one I can feel it in my bones
Hopefully this games success leads to soma bringer or disaster day remake one day. I’d love to see the return of some of monoliths other IPs
Ah, yes... I see an incoming fleet... of ships...  MOM I NEED SIXTY BUCKS
I love the censor-blur over one hero. Interesting to know that one will be important enough to hide. My guess is the guy who said something about Nimue last time because Ethel and Camuravi seem to have a thing going on with them as enemies and he’s a third wheel in that. Also just gonna guess the Advisors are somehow previous versions of the party who failed to break the cycle and so help perpetuate it
bruh folks was wildin in the chat “GOTY BETTER THAN ELDEN RING” like hold on
I feared that their would be spoilers in this but they pretty much didn't spoil anything besides the playable characters.
Aww yeah baby!
Between this and the Monster Hunter expansion coming out in a few days, my Switch is eating well this Summer lol
Okay folks, time to grab my Monado and join the fray
Hype
There are quite a lot of common points with XC2.
Any ideas on if the special edition will come back or not?
y las ttas y los qlos ? como en el xenoblade 2?
I'm just glad that Weltall is back. 🤷‍♂️
I hope they'll properly put a tutorial option in the menus and have multiple save slots, still can't believe that Xenoblade Chronicles 2 lacked that compared to Xenoblade Chronicles. Edit: I mean, look how packed those multiple systems are in this installment, a tutorial menu would be a great blessing to have! And about the save feature, I already know it was because of the blade awakening feature in 2, but still!
another Ps2-Like game
Sounds like Brina Palencia is narrator for this game
I can't wait to play it. The combat system seems a lot more crazy than Xenoblade 2, and I really want to try controlling all 6 characters in battle. The story seems really good and interesting and the visuals are amazing. I want to figure out why the people's lives got shortened to only 10 years. I think that I'm going to have to pre order the game instead of waiting for it to release first.
Nintendo scks
So where are those Special Edition US Preorders huh?!
Tutorial Chronicles 3
Ouroboros design of Noah and Mio are tributes to Gears and Saga, Weltall and Kos-mos! Also, that full metal jaguar! I see what you did there Monolith!
2 is probably my favorite game of all time. Got me through some rough times with my health. I can’t wait to dive into this game.
Ain’t no way boy
This games gonna be *Sad* i can feel it
Nossa, tem japonezisse de mais, esse tipo de narrativa não desce mais... Kkkkkkk... Vou deixar esse game passar, mas espero que seja bom pra quem gosta desse modelo de narrativa!
I wasn't ready for Riku's voice
Eeeeh the story is looking to be pretty mediocre. But it can't be worse than anime trope chronicles 2. I also kinda wished class changing didn't exist, I like it when characters have their own specializations specific to them.
I remember when video games lwere just about jumping on the turtle.
Anyone else notice the game looks kinda.....blurry? At times VERY blurry, for a game that comes out next month.  Cutscenes look perfect, but the normal in-game moments and combat seem kinda blurry and unfocused.
Leaving a comment for memories in ten years. Thank you Monolift Soft.
👾
wondering which of these characters will be on smash 6. Lols.
the graphics is simple gorgeous.
The blurred hero is iconic
I mean... it's just Xenoblade.  Nothing about this presentation was all that surprising or interesting IMO.
Where Pyra?
As someone with stage 4 cancer, this story about time running out hit me hard. Then they turned around and hit me with that GOOD A$$  gameplay DAMN this game looks good. I'm bout to cry😭
Woahhh! This actually looks impressive!! I came here without any expectations, now I'm just excited! The graphics, the characters, the exploration and combat looks so fleshed out and exciting!!
Can’t wait to binge the ost, xenoblade music always hits
The game isn't even out and it looks great, but stop locking story behind dlc!
WHY IS THE MONADO AND THE AEGIS SWORD THERE!?!? WHATS GOING ON
Looks fantastic
I'm so glad they brought the best character back for this game. Immoveable Gonzalez is the best
I'm in love
Might need to get OLED for this.
So day 1 dlc? why not just include it in base game. would rather have the entire game on one cartridge.
i love that the nopon are just always tanks in xenoblade chronicles
Why did they censor a certain character at 18:29
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Holy, this game looks amazing, the fighting system looks like a lot of fun, the characters seem so nice I genuinely can’t wait
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This ps2 game looks great!
So amazing…RPG of the year for sure!
This is insane!!!
Oh yeah I’m ready for this
beyond my expectations
when the
now we need those special edition pre-orders to be back!
gahh i hate spoilers... dont worry i will buy it nintendo...just im not gonna watch this...its too much...
Ok but... what about everything else?
This game’s story seems darker than the other XB games and I’m looking forward to it.
I wonder how this combined world ended up like this... Melia and Nia did so much to ensure a peaceful future,  and now they seemingly engage in endless war with a short lived populace. Mh. well we'll have to see.
That looks like a very deep and complex battle system.
not enough waifus xD
The ouroboros is a depiction of a snake eating its tail. Representing the cycle of life and death, but also rebirth.
I really really really REALLY am hoping they do something with Poppi still being alive, even if it's a minor story beat. Though it does look like that female nopon is wearing her hat.
This game seems to combine elements of all 3 previous games.
Hi Luxin
That framerate though... game is crawling and struggling.. Monolith studios deserve a better hardware to work with than Switch
Monolith Soft really sets the bar high for JRPGs!
Anime style games like these are always so great these days comparing how much Xenoblade and Fire Emblem series has gotten much reception these days.
I don’t like British people but this game looks cool
I miss the gear system from the original XBC.
Like how they didn't hint at the part I know a lot of us are really excited about: finding out how this finishes the story of 1 & 2. We know it's connected because of Mio having Nia's core crystal so I'm dying to see how this unfolds.
Well, that was a waste of time
The english dub is peak Cringe...
Ehhh it's not that I don't like this I LOVE HOW EVERYTHING IS but this direct was pretty much just explain what the games gonna be and ik that what it's for but idk this was meh ig I just wanna go in blind that's just my take though
The class mechanic looks real fun, taking arts from other classes and such is gonna be really interesting
JULY 29TH CAN'T GET HERE SOON ENOUGH! IT LOOKS AMAZING!!! Thank you for not packing this with spoilers!!!
Are heroes playable?
0k natives
not gonna lie, I'm kinda happy they did away with the blade partners. Xenoblade Chronicles 2 combat and mechanics were just so over the top it hurt my brain to complete the game.
PC port please
Nia?
I think I understand why BotW 2 was delayed, because this game will be taking up many Switch owner's time.
this game looks phenomenal bruh...
I LOVE IT!! Did anyone notice how Sena seemed to be using some sort of Foresight, and Rex and Shulk’s swords on the DLC?!
1:17 This sounds like the Sarah McLachlin song that plays during the animal rescue commercials. "In the arms of the angel."
I didn't watch the direct.... But I know... A masterpiece is coming once again!
After this whole direct, I am really feelin it!
There's so much to look forward to in this game! I can't wait to play it once the full game is released!
A bit worry about the combat being too complex, XC2 exhausted most players with that 15 hours tutorial, now they keep all XC2 mechanics then add 2 more --- heros and fusion......Bad companies never learn subtraction ,  Monolith are you one of them too ?
Looks good. Not a RPG guy. Missing DK...
This game is looking great! That quest line that shows where to go is going to be great 😊
god i sure hope we dont have to fight god this time
this is cool but where's the actual direct
Can we also get xenoblade chronicles X 2
This game looks as good as BOTW in terms of visuals if not better TBH.  Monolith soft you are amazing
This game’s combat is just what I wanted, a combination of Xenoblade 1 and Xenoblade X’s best attributes.
And pokemon SwSh looks like how it does lmao. Pathetic.
Day 1 DLC?  Really?  Well, the game looks awesome, and since it's Xenoblade, there's no doubt the base game's content is already well worth the price, so I can't be too mad.
Good. Now we can have a real direct where I don't need to hear about this game.
I saw it's Xenoblade 3 and I automaticly saved to my favourites playlist. GOTY 2022 detected.
The expansion pass graphic with the three swords is absolutely amazing. Bet the expansion story is Torna sized and links the three games together. This is all just very, very exciting.
MH Rise Sunbreak June 30th then this end of July?! Please Nintendo I can only take so much 🥵
The parallel of Mio and Sena with Pyra and Nia in Tantal, one can't handle the heat while the other can't handle the cold.
Wow. There is so much going on in this game, and it all looks fantastic. From the lore, to the exploration, to the crafting and relationship building - there is just SO much to see and do. Not to mention all of the various combat mechanics and character customization. Suddenly the "cluttered" UI that some were worried about all makes sense. Very excited for this one.
Ouroboros form is so strong that it even drops FPS below 30. Nice.
I got emotional just from the trailer
It's what Xenoblade X could've been, Crying, bawling, vomiting
They're adding so many new combat and game mechanics, it's crazy they were able to push this game ahead of schedule!
Can't wait to find a cliff and see if the game has fall damage
Am really feeling it!
I'm wondering if the heroes shown are the only ones available or if there's a possibility we'll run into more. They seem to be fully voiced and have their own interactions in cut scenes so it's hard to say
Yes ! Immovable Gonzalez is back !
🤨
The best thing about this is they confirmed that the navigation feature at 11:39 is used for Xenoblade 3 because the navigation system of Xenoblade 2 is just beyond terrible.   Imagine a NPC just being few steps away but couldn't reach to them because of the useless direction guide. That's what happen in Xenoblade 2.
July seems like forever right now, I'm super excited for this game
Wow, only 10 year lifespans? Man, that’s just dark!
The combine to compliment each other... like coffee with milk
Give us another Xenogears. You cowards.
Why did they refuse to put cute girls in this one? The prequel had tons of cute girls, two are in smash who I love. I don't want to see any of these characters. Pass.
Seems like Monolith are gonna give us a legendary game. Again.
All i know is I better see at least one reference to the og characters
No mames, todavía ni sale y ya tiene DLC
XENOBLADE CHRONICLES X 2 PLEASE 😭
A proper direct would be nice.
IMMOVABLE GONZALEZ  IMMOVABLE GONZALEZ THIS IS NOT A DRILL THE BEAST IS BACK
They’ll still take up like 5 minutes in the actual direct with this. Snooze worthy to be honest.
Dang! I was really hoping for Nintendo to announce some news on Xenoblade Chronicle X. I would love for them to make a switch port or a sequel.
This looks so dope!! Can't wait.
Dear Nintendo , your worst direct yet. Your fans are trying desperately to be loyal but you are making it impossible.
This is about to be one of my all time favorite games when it drops. The class and Ouroboros system looks nuts and I love it!
This game looks absolutely MASSIVE! I'm very excited to jump in! Glad this Direct didn't really contain any story spoilers. Also, happy to see Amiibo support!
Looks trash
What a waste of a direct, nobody plays these games😂👌
I have so many questions for this game I’m getting excited just thinking about it I also wondered how both sides went against each other shulk would not approve of this I hope he makes a cameo
I'm excited for this game and all but. where is the the other stuff? I really want to know!
So is anyone else picking up the game, just to try and have it run non stop for three months just to find out if that character would die or Not?
I have things to say about the December 2023 expansion from Xenoblade 3:  First, I think it's going to be a prequel that goes to 1000 years when the worlds merged into each other before Xenoblade 3.  Second, I hope that we could play as the children of previous protagonists of both Xenoblade 1 and 2, even older ones are fine too.  And lastly, if Guernica Vandham turns out to be the Zekenator, then I don't know how will I react. But hey, we can only imagine.
Battle system looks like they took the good parts of both games and combined it together. So much complexity, but like always, somehow we make it work. I hope there's less cringey stuff, but at the same time I hope it's just as silly as the other games. Love this series
Well, there goes 200 more hours up in smoke. Bring it.
This was a great XC Direct, I'm fully invested in this game and want to play it now!!!
Imagine if Melia and Nia are the queen of the two nations, and reason for the war is to decide who is the better husbando: Shulk or Rex.
The fact that they had to blur a character in the hero selection screen because of spoilers is absolutely hilarious. My bet is that it’s rex or someone from xenoblade 2.
10:03 Colony 9… it’s been so long hasn’t it?
What about the Xenoblade 3 Special Edition?
and when X 2?
One of the best directs EVER I dont care what anybody else says bro!
Wha…? This game got it’s own direct? I mean, sure.
Im dissapointed tbh zhere was no Smash bros
a 720p game
18:27 Censored one is probably that Silver haired girl that looks like Eunie
Can't wait for this
I felt like this game is going to be rush since it comes out on next month, unless they already made this years ago after Xenoblade 2 was released
I wish Nintendo cared this much about Zelda…
I came in at the end hoping for a general Direct announcement. I'm already picking up XBC3 to give the series another shot.
Dlc being advertised before the game releases. Oh how I miss the ps2 era
should come to pc !
So a cute anime girl with a giant hammer is an OGRE? Well, that's just totally fine I guess.
Last game that had a class system was X and it was pretty cool glad they are bringing it back
lmao bro when i saw the characters fusing system i instantly knew i had to buy the game
Fire emblem warrior three hopes and xenoblade 3 is all the game I need until botw 2 comes
So i guess the expansion pass will bring Shulk, Rex, Pyra/Mythra into XC3, cool, Now to wait and get this game, this is gonna be good.
This game just looks incredible
This game honestly looks amazing, I’m hyped for it.
GOTY
"Find your Fashion and Fight for the Future" is a quote to be remembered.
Buenisimo!
I love the look of the new class system! The fusions look awesome too. Can't wait to play this!
I know a lot of people are probably disappointed this isn’t a normal direct, but I feel it’s inevitable we’ll get a normal one soon enough. Still, game looks really cool!
Nintendofans don't deserve xenoblade
they could’ve just said “this is a game about the military industrial complex and follies of fascism/imperialism/capitalism”  looks great, someday I will play all three games on switch
“I wish to meet them all. The people of this boundless world.”
I love this story but I don’t think I’ll play the game because RPGs aren’t my thing
I'm sooooooo excited for this game! A lot of new improvements that give the game an incredible experience!
Square Enix: “Here’s our next big JRPG that will be release in about 5 years!”  Monolith: “Want ours in only a few months?”
Xenoblade 2 is one of my favorite games of all time, and this game looks like it’ll be some tough competition. Being able to experiment with a variety of different team compositions and builds is one of my favorite aspects in a game, so this looks extremely promising.
I cant wait!!! The sequel to one of my favourite games of all time omgg. We are getting soo many games now. <3  edit: My smile just kept on getting wider and wider as the video played. JULY HURRY UP
The side characters let you unlock new classes, you can use arts from other classes with or without fusion, and you can switch between two oroborus forms, those are all insanely cool and will make combat never get old
It looks fun but I just can’t get into it when I play xenonlade chronicles 1
Quick question, do I gotta play 1 and 2 or am I good just starting at 3?
Meh, looks interesting but not of my interest
I'm glad they did this as it's own Direct and not taking 20 minutes out of a proper Direct
this Japanese games gimme headache, especially character voices
The mechonis sword???? Naw but very similar. It would be interesting though? What if the ocean under the bionis and mechonis is another universe just like how the cloud sea had an unknown world under it? No hate just brainstorming ideas.
Wow a whole Nintendo direct for a game that isn't Zelda. That's what everyone wanted. Thanks Nintendo!
Anime style games like these are always so great these days comparing how much Xenoblade and Fire Emblem series has gotten much reception these days.
Mihoyo cant copy this masterpiece
This is cool and everything but I’m expecting another direct by the end of the month. We need more info or the booster course pass, sparks of hope, etc.
Framerates already plummeting in cutscenes. Can't wait to see the finished product.
What was that blurted bit at 18:32
I understand wanting to show off the product your working on but with this much info on the game tutorials seem kinda excessive
This is the 3rd video that comes up if you search for "bruh moment" lmaoooo
As long as the main character is not an idiot like Rex was, then i guess this is gonna be enjoyable.
Persona 5 royal!
Call me crazy, but I’m kinda tired of these English actors. Also, hopefully this game doesn’t run like absolute crap like XC2 did.
God damm, I'm the only who is a bit....... overwhelm?
Wow, just wow! Monolith Soft is insanely productive at the highest of levels.
I guess I better get started playing through the first and second game
its a great looking game unfotunately i just dont have time to play it with any activity. 😔
I’ve never played one of these. People adore these games. Maybe I’ll try this one.
No season passes, no loot boxes, no expensive skins - just a game with a story that has a beginning middle and end (that will probably be great ☺️) fantastic
My strategy will be to give everyone swords and just wail on every enemy
Def looks like the best in a series I wanna be interested in but just haven't got there yet. I have xeno 1 definitive edition and I made it to malia?'s advance looking colony I think I'm like chapter 12 and maybe I suck at the game but damn it's like you really gotta grind in that game I enjoyed the time I had with it alot but I just gotta power through that game before I can get on to the rest of the series
Definetely seems darker than Xenoblade 2, which I'm down with. I like Xeno2, but sometimes I found it a little too goofy and fanservicey for the narrative they tried to push. This is more in line with Xeno1.
They're finally letting us switch party members during battle. My one real complaint with every Xenoblade battle system is finally gone. I'm so hype 💪🏽
what a time to be poor xd
Can’t wait for Wood to talk about this lol
I really hope I won’t have to have played Xenoblade Chronicles 2 or X before this (I’ve played the first one).
No words.. this is amazing
That it amazing!
Let's just hope it has a good tutorial
This direct made me want it even more! And man, there gotta be a super nice OST coming as well!
Xenoblade Chronicles X ?????
1:42 black joker can’t hit you
2:41 Can't quite tell if that's Pyra or somebody else in the stasis pod.
Can't wait to do calculus for party optimization and enemy destruction
Yaa!! So soon!
Looks like just more typical modern trash.
Why do Japanese companies always use British Voices for their games, it's so cringe. Why cant it be normal english with no accent or anything so everyone can enjoy the game ? There are people whos first language isn't english and you expect these people to enjoy this ? half the time you dont even understand their english
Not gonna lie, I am shocked at how high the prices of old amiibo have shot up. 3-4 years ago I bought a Shulk amiibo among others for £1-£2 each at my local Cex.  At least amiibo spoofing with cheap NFC tags will always be available.
Monolith Soft you did it again, cant wait for this masterpiece to release!!
God I should have confirmed if there would be Japanese audio with subtitles before pre-ordering 😫
This game feels like it will become the BIGGEST game on the Switch PERIOD! This will be SUCH a fun game to play and I am super excited to finally play it!
As a fan of Xenoblade X who knows that, sadly, neither a sequel nor a Switch port will ever happen, I would at just like to see all the ways that X made exploration actually fun incorporated into main Xenoblade games.
Would this be a bad start to jump into the xenoblade series? I’ve always wanted to try to get into it but I’m not sure where to start
I love every millisecond of this
I will bet this game will get a RPG award at the Game's Award this year.
Let’s hope Pokémon Scarlet and Violet looks like this in a way.
I was lost in the combat section before it even started, I was already completely sold but now my hype is through the roof
EXCITED
This is the game I'm most looking forward to this year, I'm pretty damn hyped, moreso after this game direct. I really hope the performance in handheld mode is acceptable or at least stable! XBC2 disappointed me in that regard.
My hypothesis is that all the ouroboros pairings will combine in the end.
This is an incursion story I am surprised they didn’t show a reanimated dunban
This honestly looks so ****ing good!!! The developers have created so many layers to the gameplay , I can't wait!
This game gives off major X vibes, it may not be X2 but I'm glad to see it's influences.
Available June 29th... the same day as the rumored Summer General Direct
Well looks like I'm getting my hands on a Shulk amiibo before scalpers swallow it whole
Looks Goooooood! 😊
Was that nia?
Xenoblade Chronicles is one of my favorite games ever, sadly i couldn't get XCX and XC2 but this one is top priority
0:11 That auditorium wouldn't be empty if they were playing Morbius
Everything looks amazing, but yet again, I feel overwhelmed with the customization and the battle mechanics. Hopefully they make a good job at introducing them at a right pace. Can´t wait!
So they are taking pieces from the past 3 XB games.  While that is cool, no sure how I feel about the story.
I want this game now more than ever!! ^^
The music in the Xenoblade series is amazing and it seems part 3 delivers yet another amazing OST! I can't wait!
I think the villains are the ones causing the war and making the nations fight. Then when things get quiet they fuel it again, and it went on for so long that not even the nations know why they’re fighting
Finally no more waifu bait trash. This looks phenomenal!
This gameplay looks so sick omg. It's like it has all the customization from Xenoblade 2 but without all the RNG.
Here comes our 300+ hours gameplay lads and ladettes!
mid
This game looks UNBELIEVABLE. You can tell Monolith loves their own game. There is so much passion behind everything being shown. Amazing.
Mixing and matching classes, skills, equipment, etc is what makes for some of the most fun gameplay systems in RPGs for me, and this game is delivering an insane amount with the number of classes and characters. Plus the world looks beautiful to explore and the story has a neat premise. And I actually really like most of the character designs this time around. There's soooo much potential here, I can't wait to get my hands on it. In the meantime I'll just be trying to temper my expectations.
FIRST GAME TO SELL A XENOBILLION COPIES
OK, I'm sold.
Looks cool, ill buy it.
I am a bit disappointed that I dont see any characters with "big" personality in the main cast. :P
Xenoblade is the best jrpg
Oh man, although this June full ditect was short (only 3 games), it was awesome!!! We finally got the full trailer for BOTW2. Still no release date, but we got the title finally!!! <3 (The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild 2: Tale of Earth & Sky) Not surpisingly after the Xbox event, we got the same trailler for Silksong, but this time with the Switch release date!!!!! ((November 31st) And finally the first teaser for Metroid Prime 4 and it was just beautiful!!!!!
Not my cup of tea but I am happy for those who enjoy Xenoblade games. Good work Nintendo.
im thinkin about playing this but im not sure if i gotta play the first and second xenoblade before this one since ive never played one before
BUT ARE THE HEROES CONTROLLABLE.. I WANT OT PLAY AS ZEON HES SO CUTE IM GAY
Hmm oroboros equal gears🤔🤔yeah day one Fa shoo 🔥🔥
I'm still waiting for a real Nintendo Direct to made. When are you going to make a real one? You bastards. 😕😠
How can people like this
Mms ya falta poco para entrar a esta historia que pinta super genial
This game looks so good!! Can't wait
Those tattoos. Are they L'Cie?
Now we need NicoB and Chugga to play this for their channels.
Nier >>>>>>>
150 HOUR LONG GAME...EASILY!
I’m so happy this game looks amazing I love it.
I'm very excited for this game and im very hype about the expansion pass. looks like it could be a torna relative since the future connected monado is in the artwork with Pyra's sword
THE BLURRED OUT HERO AAAAAAAAAA I WANT TO TEAR INTO THIS GAME SO BAD WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN ME
Was hoping something more like X and not a story driven game again. Gameplay look great but character and the story seem kinda meh. I may pass this one and will wait for XcX2 instead.
Good…. But nothing like Xenoblade Chronicles 2
The Ouroboros are giving me that Xenogears feel and I'm all for it!
18:26 Censored
anyone else notice the Full Metal Jaguar class??
i wonder who they censored at 18:29 my money's on shulk
Can’t wait for Noah to say “it’s xenoblading time”
I love all of this... Still want xenoblade X remake too tho
17:57 Who’s that girl on the bottom left corner?! :D   OMG HER NAME IS CHICKADEE THAT’S THE CUTEST NAME EVER
To think Xenoblade Chronicles(Wii) almost never saw a Western release.  Looking good.
The MUSIC OMG
Looks like they removed elements and magic... Still interested tho.
Not looking forward to great value tales of arise
Seems like a lot of systems from XC1 is coming back. I just pray that armor is long gone, I felt like I was in the menu for most of the game because everytime I picked up armor I had to see if it was better than what I had. Wasn't a fan of the gems or gem making either, so I'm disappointed it's back. The combat looks cool though, it looks like XC2 so it'll probably be good.
This game is gonna be amazing
I'm glad to see they're mixing in a decent amount of 2 and Torna instead of just kowtowing to 1.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
game of the year 😍👍
I'm not sold given I was hoping for a direct sequel to XC2 given the massive cliffhanger it ended on, and this isn't that. Disappointed they seemed to abandon the story like that.  Edit: Nvm. Looks like it was explained in XC1. I'm 100% sold on XC3.
Rest In Peace June Nintendo direct 😞😞😞
I love Xenoblade, but this direct was a waste. The game comes out next month
Hope this isn't cringe coomer bait!
Ok this game has my full attention now! And it's not far off! I'm excited to jump in! Also did anyone else notice how similar to Gears (from Xenogears) the Ouroboros fusions look? Call back to old games? So much to get hype about!
☹☹☹☹☹☹☹☹☹
WAIT, NO FREE "UPDATES" COMING?? This is ...  A FINISHED GAME? What a day to be alive. Xenoblade rules!
My expectations were already high but Monolith Soft absolutely surpassed them once more and the game isn't even out yet!! GOD JULY 29 COME SOON!!!!
Looks fantastic, I hope they hjave a bunch of super tough optional bosses to make you push the combat system and master it :D
Makes me wonder when they release pyra mithra amiibo will Noah's turn  his blade turn into the aegis
Not happy for Xenoblade fans tonight
Bruh they *_POPPED OFF_* with this Direct, can't wait to get my hands on this game!
Now why can't Pokemon Legends Arceus' environments look half as good as this
I'm pre-ordering it tomorrow when I pick up fire emblem 3 hopes. I can't wait to play this and soulhackers 2 two days before my birthday.
Hyped!!!!!
we're getting swimsuits let's go
For the love of --- live chat. Keep your unrelated expectations away if you can't read the name of today's direct.
9:42 oh man that framerate is chugging
This is AMAZING! I can't wait to start mastering that glorious new combat system :')
Gonna spend quite a bit of money to get the game the expansion pass and a Shulk Amiibo it's going to be awesome and worth it
More excited for this than FF16!!
Wouldn't be a Xenoblade game without Immovable Gonzalez, so glad he's back!
This game looks amazing
We need a botw 2 direct
its embarrassing how expansive and full of content this game is compared to BOTW2 that has been in development for longer with more staff bigger budget and reused map
Still no special edition preorder news :/
I smell a Game of the Year nomination!
Why pokemon games can't look like this?
Just when I believed i couldn't be more excited. We get a massive delve into gameplay, a few story beats, the ever incredible music. July cant come quick enough so we can all enjoy another MonolithSoft masterpiece
_“Ouroboros will be released into the atmosphere ensuring complete global saturation.”_   - *Albert Wesker*
The description of the video makes me think they uploaded the full direct by accident when they just meant to upload the teaser.
Looks like there's no actual direct this summer.
It should probably me take about that long to 100% this by the time the story DLC comes lol…
Honestly this game is looking to be something amazing, the only I'm worried about is the incentive to use multiple classes besides "I need someone to fill this role". Hopefully we get like a skill tree or something or exclusive attacks each character.
If this game is insanely difficult then this might be my first xc.
I can’t wait
Hopefully it won’t look like garbage in portable mode like 2 did.
Why is mobody talking about pyra and the monado on the expansion thing? Bruhhh! Are Pyra and shulk teaming up with noah???? This is fan fiction at this point
this direct has me super hyped for Xenoblade 3!!
Game of the year!!!!!  I am SO glad I watched this.
Peak fiction
Not going to lie I wish the combat was more like ff7 remake but I'm fine with it
17:54 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"Find your fashion and fight for the future" its hands down the best line ever said
This looks amazing, can't wait for it to release!!!
Looks good but im so sick of the switch dogshit hardware I will have to skip until the next generation. I general I just dont feel good about myself support nintendo anymore.
The music sounds so good!!! ^o^
what about pyra and mythra
Everything looks incredible! Thank you Monolith Soft!
THIS IS SO GOOOOOOD
Wow that was gay
Not for me... but I hope it does well 🙂
They didn't put any effort this year.
Actual gameplay starts at 12:30, most of the video is just cutscenes and other unimportant fluff though.
2:41 Can't quite tell if that's Pyra or somebody else in the stasis pod.
The only thing I am mad about is that they nerfed Immovable Gonzalez from lvl 99 to lvl 88
Looks so Lame!
THANK YOU MONOLITH SOFT, FOR MAKING US GREAT GAME
18:26  I wonder who they thought was so much of a spoiler on the Hero list to blur out?
Games looks amazing, but where are the pyra and mythra amiibos 🥲
I’m so excited for a xenoblade game that looks to have even a modicum of polish. This could be fantastic.
Wait, if everyone only lives for ten years, does that mean they’re constantly minors? They’ll never live to legally consent or drink? That’s the real tragedy here…
Full team of Full Metal Jaguar gonna be so funny
I'm happy for you xenoblade fans but please stop saying there's gonna be another direct ok Nintendo isn't gonna do back to back directs alright get off the copium 🤣🤣🤣
Calling it that the censored hero is shuck or pyra/mythra
The main character be looking like the twenty-fifth "Baam" and im here for it.
Glad I stopped playing this series after xcx lol
Now where’s the real direct?!
While Square is stuck in the past with that rigid FF7 remake, here's Monolith and Nintendo offering a new "Final Fantasy" for those that actually want a new Final Fantasy....
YYYYEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH
Alright, here's the thing. To an outsider like me, it looks very boring. Barely any character. Would love to get into it but it just looks like another fire emblem and everything else that looks like this
Can't wait for this Game!!!
If the mask ladies are not Melia and Nia I have no idea what nintendo is doing.
I love the marrige of the past games battle system, and the hero system seems to be an evolution from XC2's blade system, I'm so happy, I was worried it was going to be a 1 time gimmick, loved the personalites of the blades
noah and mio are so cute i love how her ears pointed up when she said water and started running all the charecters look amazing and the world and landscapes are beautiful cant wait to play it
I can't wait to put a lot of hours into Xenoblade Chronicles 3. I love the environment, classes, monsters, heroes, and I really hope there's a nopon village too. overall I just can't wait to play Xenoblade Chronicles 3.
Never played a Xeno game, and I’ll definitely be picking this up.
<!-- and still the damn head wings confuse me -->
I'll be honest I'm very worried about this game.  It looks so good I'm scared replaying 1,2 and x are gonna be a chore compared to this absolute stunning looking game.
Can i play this as my first xenoblade game?
XC3 getting more anime-ish than XC2 which is not my favorite style. I still prefer original XC style and in definitive edition.
Is awesome
So playable girls have chopping board chests….only the enemy girl has mountains lol
Has the game on preorder since forever ago
How i wish this expansion pass will be just like torna xbc2
Darling in the Franxx fighting styles jesus
Even the Nopon seem to have good  voice acting  It seems Monolith Soft realized they went OVERBOARD with the anime BS in the last game and are now making a needed course correction. THANK GOD
Elden Ring is a Master Pice, but this Game has Chance for a Goty.
This looks like it's about to be the best Xenoblade game to date oh my God
so i get the full party in the begining, nice!
finally I can use my shulk amiibo for anything other than smash, I was a little bummed out I couldn't use it in XC2, also 18:27 that blurred out hero, It's gotta be someone we know from a previous game, this game is turning out to be really awesome, it's taking my favorite game mechanics from the previous games fusing them together and adding their own, truly the best of the 3 worlds.
My god, my expectations were already high and the direct still surprised me... So hype!!!
I just hope Rex and Pyra are forgotten, as the crappy characters they were
I preordered my physical copy without even watching the previous trailers, such a shame the special edition won't be available in my country, as I've bought every single one since Xenoblade X on the Wii U on release day.
I'm not as excited for this game. But I have a reason, I own 2 bit I only played like 10 hours. With the somewhat automatic combat I find it boring. So I want to give a try again I just need to know. How do I make the combat fun? How can I have fun in the game?
Bro xenoblade fans eating good!! So happy for them
Hello, 2010 gaming
Everything I hated about XC2 has (so far) been addressed in this game. I can see love was put into the development of this game and I will have a much more enjoyable experience than with 2. The hype for the release is huge in me.
Bernie meme voice: I AM ONCE AGAIN ASKING FOR JRPGS TO STOP HAVING SO MANY COMPLICATED BATTLE SYSTEMS
GOTY contender, easily.
I am replaying the other games right now to recap the history, looking forward for the release of this game
this is gonna be THE JRPG for the next 10 years, as the first Xenoblade did in the last decade.... in this game there is all you can imagine and more... AND... listen to the music, oh... my... god...
Can't wait to lose another 60$ and another 100+ hrs of my life.
I wonder how they managed to make this game look so good even with such a big open world
Man I haven't finish xc1 n 2 but I'm definitely jumping to this one
Hi alpharad
Lifespan of 10 years ? Seems the devs took the "Come back in 10 years" meme seriously
I’m happy for Xenoblade fans but was hoping for a full Nintendo Direct 🥲
Is the Pyra hero in the trailer going to be part of the story, or is it a hidden thing like Kos-Mos in XB2? I can't wait a month to find out :-(
Boo RPGs are bad and have too much reading  I want funny squid game 3
Mid
It looks super amazing! Especially the story Now we need super MARIO MAKER 3
Wow, the girl characters are a large improvement from the 2nd game!! :3
I hate that there is no Nopom main characters. I love those guys.
I think Sena would be a cool smash bros fighter.
New waste of roster
geez, this looks like a masterpiece
To be honest, I didnt really care about this until they showed more about the Ouroboros system. This looked fun
Bruh i just 100% xenoblade2 two weeks ago, im adiicted to this game and with this direct i can see they fixed all the ussues x2 had. The battle systen in this game is just insane lmao alll the possibilities bror each character is just insane lmfao. I just saw Noah break,topple launch and smash!!!! Thats insane!
Can't wait!!   ❤
Great direct. Xenoblade fans had our 15 fame minutes. :)
19:18 Luxin saying 6 Noahs finally pays off
I love these X-esque more athletic art animations
Eh.. I had my doubts and this trailer didn't exactly ease them. Looks WAY too much like XC2 (not in a good way).. and the amount of fighters fighting at once is just pure chaotic, which I didn't like either. Oh well, guess i'll stick with XC1
Xenoblade fans, PLEASE stop taking dubs
Riku from Statefarm
Immovable Gonzalez is back!!!!
I never played the game but I might give it a try now.
Sold!
Wheres Smash Bros Ultimate 2
Absolute trash.
A direct for this game is nice for those who are interested in this series, but a Nintendo direct announcing upcoming games ane updates to those that need them... Mario Party... Would be much more welcome.
I took a week off of work to play this and now I'm afraid it won't be long enough.
saw "direct" in the notification, whoops lmao   WELP ATLEAST THAT MEANS WE WON'T WASTE 20 MINUTES OF THE ACTUAL ONE ON A JRPG BOYSSS-
Even more excited now  😭
BORING 🥱🥱🥱
Woa, Just woa
Last time i was so hyped for a game it was breath of the wild.
I like that more rpg are bringing back classes
08:48 Mio's ears when they find water
Extremely hype now for this..but Nintendo can you give us a real summertime direct real soon here please
It looks like the devs have found a way to take the best of 1, 2, and X to merge into this new game. It looks great, the characters look great, the art style & graphics looks great...there's never been a better time to be a fan of Xenoblade whether you have never played a game in the series (you don't have to play them all to enjoy them, they have their own stories like Final Fantasy games) OR if you have played every release. This looks very promising. I don't know if anything will ever beat Xenoblade Chronicles Definitive Edition for me personally but this looks to have the best chance at being the new best.
I couldn’t be more glad that this game doesn’t seem to be the anime trope-filled mess that was Xenoblade 2. The outfits are normal and their relationships seem to be actually complex and human.  We don’t need waifus in stories. We need proper characters instead of Tsunderes and eyecandy.
Upgrade  the hardware an emulator runs smoother.
9:17 Ruined Uraya?
The bottom right locked class looks like Zanza pt. 3 to me which would be sick if it is related to that
The characters look so bland
Looks amazing can’t wait!!!
I see the stuttering
THE AFFINITY CHART. 10/10 ALREADY.  Real talk though this game looks gigantic. Just hope it lives up to it all. Here's to hoping.
Oh Monolith, you never dissapoint.
My frames 30 fps is not gona work I already feel the studs across my screen
Riku has a deep voice holy crap
This actually looks really good... maybe i should get into Xenoblade but I don't have that much time to play games and I really don't wanna play X2 🤷🏽🤷🏽
8:08 Ah crap
No mage no purchase
The only thing I don’t like is the fact we still only get 4 active arts? Like why not use the original system it’s soo good
I like how there is still the fact that the mouth never matches the dub . It became a signature feature of Xenoblade
Wish i can change my party member and not be stuck to the main 6, hope dlc add this quality of life feature. Think about it if we get Rex and Shulk as hero character but with current party system we can't have Rex, Shulk, Noah in one team
A lot of the armor and vehicles (minus mechs) are giving me some Halo vibes, I like it. Weeb Halo
Is the special edition still locked behind the God awful online website?  If so then why. Xenoblade deserves much better than for Nintendo to in a way treat it so poorly
Not gonna lie, but Yasunori Mitsuda and other composers really out did themselves with the games soundtrack. I'm really gonna enjoy this game on my TV.
This direct answered a lot of questions I had but still left a lot unanswered in terms of the story and plot, which I feel is a very good thing. The one thing I’m still curious about is whether the world is open-world or not. I like to think I’m pretty up to date with all of the news concerning Xenoblade 3 which is why I was curious about the overworld. In the game UI for the maps that they show in this direct, it says that the area being shown on the map is the area map, but when looking at the game itself it looks very open. Still a bit confusing for me, but that’s not at all a bad thing. I’m just curious as to whether they’ll be taking the 1/2 approach of having very large, but still segmented areas or the X approach of complete open world with no loading screens between any areas. Still very much excited for this game and it’s my most anticipated game for this year, but just curious if it’s ever been outright confirmed that the game is/isn’t open world (the use of the term “Open-World” on the Nintendo page for this game isn’t really enough to convince me just yet). The section used to showcase the overworld is named “A Boundless World”, so going from that I’d assume it was open world, but ig we won’t know with absolute certainty either til release or til Monolith/Nintendo confirms it outright.
Bruh I really can’t wait for this game. Frfr. It looks so Good. I’m ready to practice the combat until I master it like I did XC2
I wonder what the Pyra/Mythra Amiibo will do
😴
so many good games! haven't even finished the DLC for Xenoblade 2.
this game looks insane!!!! I can't wait.
One thing we know for sure, is that there will be tutorials galore, and I can't wait to get into that combat!
So when are we getting a normal direct?
1:30 song please?
Jesus, this looks so intense and complex! And I like it! Sure buy for me! Gotta finish XBC2 soon! Hahahaha!
The class system looks like a better version of XCX class system. It also looks like the combat goes way much more in depth than before. It just seems like such a good game. Don't sleep on it ! Edit : also Full Metal Jaguar is back !!!
Nobody cares for lame Xenoblade. Where is the general Direct???
15:22 YOU WILL NEVER FORGET OUR NAMES THEME SLAPS
I have played and beat all Xenoblade games. But, why are getting this much info, this close to the release?  Everyone wants more BOTW2 news, even us XenoFans...
I wonder how open the world is. Will we be able to choose where we go and recruit the heroes in any order? That would be awesome! Even if that's not the case, I'm loving everything they showed so far!
*Sees Mio's Ouroborus* There's the new "Kos-Mos"
Still hoping for a port of Xenoblade Chronicles X. Looks great though!
Jesus christ this game looks phenomenal
*yawns*
Let's just hope this game has DLC.
Trolled
I'm not watching this, don't need to be sold on this one and want to go in blind, can't wait!!
This game looks sick yo
Jesus the MUSIC. I really hope the ost comes out soon
Pyra
Xenoblades 3 is definitely the game of the year
This may age horribly, but I feel like people going to ship who they can Ouroboros into.
wait i see they are hiding something and dont want us to see when they explain the 7th  party member so something tells me it is a important character they dont want us to see
18:26 WHO IS BLURRED OUT?!
Omg these games never interested me but this one makes me want to try it the voice acting and characters are beautiful 😍
i’m so mad pretty sure this it the direct we’re getting! thought it was gonna be big due to E3 being cancelled BUT NOOOO!! hopefully it isn’t but most people are saying this is our direct for the summer i really hope that’s not true!!
So hyped right now
I NEED IT!
anime
I will say I will miss the gacha system for blades in 2
Where are Pyra and Mythra? They would definitely still be alive being aegis and all… also what “Hero” are you hiding? Hmmmm??? That blur didn’t skip me! XD So excited.
Hopefully this will be the Switch's FF7 and bring even more ppl to loving JRPGs
In the next Smash game, we're either getting 6 new fighters -- OR -- 1 fighter with 6 classes in one and 6 different alts. Or better yet, 1 fighter and 5 echoes, and the sound of people complaining about those taking up the roster space XD
Can I enjoy this having no knowledge of the prior two?
As someone who’s never played Xenoblade, I’m confused as heck.
The evil guys with the masks have an "Dont forget me" vibe
main bad guy is totally Noah
Hmm, given the logo for the expansion pass, I think the new Hero characters will probably be Shulk and Rex.  Also, it definitely seems like there will be a "Seven/Catalyst" character among the Hero characters, since one was blurred out.
This is so amazing. I am even more hyped now somehow
Hope that Nopon Archsage returns and mentions Shulk, Rex and the rest of the gang as legendary figures in his Hall of Heroes.
Damn the Switch held back this game big time. Why can't Nintendo make a whole new powerful console. Can't imagine how this game will look while in hand-held state.
So glad I have the Shulk amiibo
IM SO EXCITED  Please put Special Edition back up in North America though 🥺
Must master every class on every character
Can you play this without playing xenoblade 1 or 2???
I cant wait im gonna be there day 1
Xeno Chads we are eating good.
That was a fun direct!
Uffffffff hype
OMG this not only looks epic! It looks its gonna have some very powerful story moments.
Looks homogenized. Can’t wait to forget the story.
Would love for Nintendo to re-release the Shulk amiibo… This looks amazing. Potentially my goty
so when is the actual direct coming?
What a treat. Can’t wait! I wonder who will be composing the music this time around, and I think we can all agree that the music of Xenoblade is truly magical.
I'm so excited for this game
8:45 wa'ha
I'm going to guess the new DLC hero characters are Shulk and Rex given the design of the expansion pass.
Are those Melia and Nia? Does Mio have a flesh-eater core crystal? So much questions and so few answers!!!
I am speechless. Monolith literally fused 3 games in one, basically everything, mechanic wise, is into xc3! can't wait to play it <3
This game looks 🔥 legit might buy it
I’m more excited for this game than any other xenoblade game.
Change weapon classes and 7th Rangers?! I smell DLC comebacks~…!
Please let me give you my money, put the special edition out 😭
When's e3?
Yes please, straight into my veins.
This is gonna be really good! I am really excited now!
Damn this game looks good!
Is ther a big done load to go with cartrig so i can have space ready i want the box game thank you glad mecks are back
Wow that's big
I stilk have no idea on what the story is about.
That song at 1:16 ... I'm not crying I swear! I'm so excited for this game, it's going to be such an experience! :'D
Just waiting for the Nintendo Direct.
only one hero per team???? that sucks!!!!
I'm hype for this game
Heroes you say, All i heard was have two nopon in my party. What do you mean there are other heroes? Sorry mate but I don't see them.
The Ouroboros name makes sense. First we had blade eaters. Then we had flesh eaters. Now we have eaters that "eat" themselves.
Loved everything about this presentation, starting off with an ominous cutscene introducing the villains and smoothly transitioning to the direct-style leaves an impression to say the least  It's combining the best parts of the two games before it, with a little bit of that X futurism. Being able to sit around and chat around the campfire, make food and see some of the grounded conversations with the group really lets you immerse in their relationships. Love seeing a bit of Torna's improvements in this. The environments are so lively, seeing different entities fight one another like they're living organisms. And knowing Xenoblade, these trailers are all likely just the first act of the whole game. All the effort put into the fusions, the classes, the heroes, the interchangeability, arts and skills, and ALL the animations that had to be done for each of these characters... its mind-boggling to comprehend . All the characters ooze charm and respect - and this is honestly a really big point for me personally, a lot less fanservice as the cherry on top. Riku's voice by the way, 10/10.  NOTE: Spoilers to previous Xenoblade games, though I'll still be keeping it vague for new players. As for a little bit of theorising. I feel like these 6 party members are only the beginning in terms of the playable roster outside of the heroes. I'd like to think that Guernica Vandham, Melia/Mia or an antagonist figure will end up being playable in some form or the other. Alternatively they could also just play as heroes, which is still just as great since the roster can learn the classes of their heroes. Also the big obvious blur in that hero segment means that there's definitely a familiar/spoiler related character who's going to be with us. The antagonists seem quite menacing, and it's peculiar to notice that they share a lot of the same colour palette as the monado + z***a. It's also worth pointing out how the flame clock seems to bear resemblance to a major plot point about ether energy in XB1, if you know you know. Something sinister seems to have fallen the world since the final scenes at the end of the two games. The antagonist from the Future Connected expansion also seems to have a role in this one way or the other, since themes of possession and influence are seemingly core to that expansion and this game. I've also been thinking about this last idea for a while now, and its quite a hunch, but I feel like Shulk may have gotten together with both Melia and 7 - with Melia's intimacy being purely based on the consort system of the homs partner. It would be wild to discover that shulk had two children from two different mothers.  Anyways, as with all theories and thoughts, take 'em with a grain of salt, and don't let it influence your overall expectations with the game. I always keep the end expectation low so I can be surprised and in awe, the speculation is just a fun exercise. Anyone who finished reading this, thank you for your time, and I'd love to hear some thoughts on these ideas. <3
Best Xenoblade game ever
This gives off major UwU energy
Wait does this mean mikahil patroka and egil are all alive? The va / designs seem similar and the scene of the people in chemicals seems erily similar to the blade storage on torna's ship. Also seems like theres a connection to x
Anime
Ff15 xenoblade 1 and 2 vibes
You know what guys? If botw 2 gets it's own direct, let's spam the chat with L and bad direct. Nonstop.  Give them a taste of their own medicine.
You can have up to 6 allies on the battlefield? That’s really cool.
This generations FF XIII???
I have to ask, do I need to complete xenoblade 2 in order to have a better grasps of history?
Xenoblade 3 looks great aside from the framerate- looks even worse than 2’s already pretty abysmal fps. I think if they brought the Xenoblade series to other consoles it would benefit it greatly with some newer hardware.
They really introduce the mechanics of Classes and then said  “Ok here’s a list of Waifus, cuz we know that’s what you’re about”
The music is absolutely fantastic
Is it a hot take to say that the story/characters in 2 are mediocre at best? Hope 3 steps up in those aspects
They should put the Mario Bros. In Super Smash Bros.
🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲 many features  cool god bles you monolith soft
*waits faster for July 29th*
Wished Etika was here with us he will loss his mind of that looking forward to this
That's what we've been waiting for?! WHAT?! For blades?!
so i see they are still not trying to put effort in giving the the game actually better feeling by giving it better voice sync audio and quality animations
I hate this Direct. Give us one with more content than just a single game I don’t care about.
I just wanna start this series.. should i buy and play from #1 ??? Or just play #3 when the game came out
8:41 Like this !!!!!
Okay everyone what is your thoughts on this game
Oh geez dropped this, 17:55 , sorry about that.
Not a single bad comment in here love it and love this xeno series
More Xenoblade Chronicles 3 Directs, please.
I only clicked on this to see if they would announce an regular direct in the middle of it lol
if the people aren't throwing a fit then I'm happy
More Xenoblade Chronicles 3 Directs, please.
Why do I get Xenoblade x vibes just from the trailer
I've never played any Xenoblade games.  Should I start with the 1st game or would I be able to start with 3?
Gem crafting looks awesome. I love having the option to craft with coins, which should make it more convenient.
What a waste of a direct for the month.Many of us were excited for a full direct with game trailers for actual games we have been waiting for like Bayonetta 3 or even Splatoon 3.
This might be my entry into this series
Maybe I'm outgrowing this all a bit but these characters and their goofy outfits ...
I was like oh this game is so good until they said it's compatible with amiibos that just literally silently confirms that Xenoblade Chronicles 3 will eventually have its own amiibo line
Another cliche story about stopping war by good anime guys. But at least protagonist here looks much better, than this dummy runt Rex in xeno 2.
U gotta be a fan of the genre to like this tbh. Bought it the first time for wii U haven't touched it since. Just feels cheap  but it's a thing ig
Quest routes remind me of the follow ball my favorite Xenoblade X feature.
Just a few minutes in and im already blown away by the setting. Xenoblde 2 showed how immortal beigns like blade were unhappy with never beign able to die. And now humans are unhappy with only living 10 years. Interesting
Nobody cares Nintendo
Cringe
I love the smell of Xenoblade in the morning.
Great for xenoblade fans, but I do hope that a real nintendo direct comes soon
Actually looking incredible
Looks amazing!
2:28 is that... Vandham?
spectacular presentation, super hyped for xbc3 now
I think finally a Xenoblade game will be competing for goty lists with 3. This will also be the first one I play. Well, I mean besides my twenty minutes spent playing X before I traded it in.
Still no xenoblade chronicles 2 amiibo or 3?
Looks great, but gotta ask. Isn’t Riku’s voice a little deep?
What purpose do cat ears and wings growing on heads serve?
They should make mmorpg xenoblade chronicles tho
wtf is that awful combat?
Nobody will be purchasing this lol
Not a fan of the Xenoblade gameplay mechanics, but I'm super excited for the story. The story really crushes you by the end.
Not going to watch because in my experience Xenoblade is best completely blind, but wanted to show my support and hype! Cannot wait!!
PEAK FICTION XENOBLADE SWEEP FIRST GAME TO SELL ONE XENOBILLION COPIES
Gray totally has the same VA as Yura from Elden Ring
Why does the characters sound like British🧐🧐🤨🤨
Okay this direct has sold me 100%!!!
I'm not going to watch this because I want to be reasonably unspoiled when the game arrives at my house, but I will like the video.
Holy shit...I was already hyped for this game but this direct was so good. It took away almost all my fears about the game, it seems monolith did it again. Super exited!
Games not out and already DLC i kinda hate that makes me feel they removed content amd still no news for pyra/mythra amiibo...
I think this will end up being my second favourite game (below xenoblade definitive edition) but we’ll see once I get to play it
Mio is getting obviously "part of" Nia
I'm not a huge fan of this game.  Where is the general Nintendo direct???  I'm still waiting for you.
It's going to be an incredibly long month.
Rex < Gex
not enough low resolution
Everything is beautiful thank you!!!!!!!!! for this magnificent gift❤️‍🔥🔥😭Xenoblade Chronicles 3
…I have concerns…but I’ve already committed to purchasing a copy.  Edit: …and the mentioning of an expansion pass ruined the game…hopefully the main game will be decent.
So can we all confidently say that Xenoblade is a high tier Nintendo franchise?
For the people who are wondering who the last hero is, there is gameplay of them so we know who it is.         Its Ethel
Bruh need to swap my xeno def edition for this lmaooo
Damn
Will the Xenoblade three expansion be part of the NSO expansion pack?
I'm really happy that they got a better set of voice actors this time around. As much as I love Xenoblade 2, Rex's battle cries definitely ruined the moment most of the time. While I do believe that it makes sense for a 15 year old kid with no true battlefield knowledge to have a pretty shoddy battle cry, it still took a lot away from the scenes. Either way, to say I'm hyped for this game is an understatement. Can't wait for July 29th.  Edit: Man, apparently a war started in the replies. Dang.
soo if this is a sequel and they still fighting the fk did all that work we did in xb2 to stop fighting and its still going on rex must be turning in his grave
Everything about Taion is amazing
I'm excited for yall who are excited but damn I thought XB2 was garbage, after 30 hours it just never clicked.
Welp we already know who’s gonna get added to the next smash game
Well, I'm sold!
What a waste of time. Nintendo, give us an actual Direct.
I haven’t played any of the xenoblade games but I really want to play this game. I will eventually play 1 and 2 later but I think I will start with this one
Looks awesome super excited for it . The engine looks massively improved and always like the voice acting
as a nintendo fan i feel betrayed
Neat, looks great. Looking forward to it!
This Direct was awesome! The game looks like it is going to be so awesome! I can't wait!
19:27 Ouroboros, will be released into the atmosphere, ensuring Complete Global Saturation.
Can't wait.
Wow this game looks great and quite dark I'm very hyped
The game looks awesome but man the UI is cluttered af. Total overkill. That being said, it XC 2 was not better... :-)
Sponge enemies, same combo over an over again, dumb story. Not wasting money again on that stupid series ever again. Nope!
Screen looks very busy 😓
Can’t wait to see if Joseph Anderson plays this
All the games in one
I'm a simple fella. I see Immovable Gonzalez. I like.
found my waifu alexandria 😍
That battle theme actually made me cry
I'm still working on Xenoblade 1 >>
This game looks so good!! Still hoping Metal Face is resurrected though
BRING US NINTENDO DIRECT   pls
Boo, that'll be all.
8:08 Mega sus
I cant wait to see the ton of 2 hour analysis videos 🙃
Oh my god that music at the very end!!!
Where new games?
Calling it now, Vandham and Gray are connected and defied the social system because both of them look much older than 20. Which people appear to be born about 10 and then die at 20.
>fps dips almost everywhere Pls...not again
Gray is literally the coolest character ever
looks like an improvement to the 2 one
The class system, the Ouroboros system, the number of hero characters and classes to choose from. There is going to be so many things to chase, and so many hours sunk into this game.  July cannot come soon enough
OK, now show us actual Nintendo games in a Direct plz.
Absolutely stoked for this game to come out. Loved this direct! I was initially most excited about the storyline but now I'd say it's 50% story 50% playing around with the combat system - and of course hearing the entire soundtrack!
1:12 reminds me of "shot dead with a knife"
🥱
First game to sell 0 copies. 🥱
Peak fiction is coming
9:41 Dannagh Desert from Torna!!!  11:03 The world is floating on the left side, what the hecc?!?!  12:13 That music is a bop tho!  18:27 Gray has the class "Full metal Jaguar" like Elma from X!  23:33 The expansion pass icon though! It has all three Xenoblades! Maybe the new hero characters use those other two blades?  23:51 Imagine having a Shulk amiibo. Hope for them to make more for this game lol!
The chat was so horrible...
this looks absolutely phenomenal! day 1 purchase for me :D
This was a joy to watch from start to end. Looking forward to July 29th!
This direct was deserved for xenoblade fans
It's my WiFi or when they fight a monster there are a fps decay which stops the fluent of a fight 🤔 ?
Shoot... I still remember project rainfall... The only reason we got the original Xenoblade in NA
18:26 This has to be somebody from either games for them to censor them, by the color I'm going with Tyrea or MALOS, who else has that color
The dub is Awful Characters LAME and remove all fan service 0 desire to play this DUMB DOWN GARBAGE
HYPE!!!!
FINALLY A USE FOR MY SHULK AMIIBO
I want Riku (the blue nopon) to be my dad. With that voice he is the only and true Noponis.
👎🏻
BOTW2 looks different than I thought it would
The Affinity Chart being back is honestly very exciting
no smash?
Was not in the games
bad direct
Is not the heros
Is game sucks
i-i'm actually crying... this, this game ;-;... i'm so glad this game series exists ;-;  welp, time to spend the rest of my day watching this
Only a month and 1 week left...July can't come fast enough 😫. Also I'm worried that the only way to get the shulk weapon is through his amiibo. Which is near 100 dollars...*sigh*
That was amazing can we just?! Also screw the haters!
Nintendo América, cadê a localização em Português Brasil? 🇧🇷
ALMOUNTHESE, HE HAS A DECENT 18:15
is anyone else shocked by how deep and rich Riku's voice is? like that is not what i expected to come out of a Nopon of all things. games looking great though.
English dub sounds sooo dumb on anything anime uggghh
Announcing DLC along with it is a fun way of saying please give us more money for the product you are already paying for
This game is so deep and so much to do
:O
A movie cinema... omnious.
They are fixing so many issues I had with Xenoblade Chronicles 2 while taking the best aspects of each game. The new questing system looks great and is less cryptic, the world map is easier to find stuff and track where you are, etc. I love that they are bringing back the campfire system from Torna The Golden Country. It's clear that the developers have taken great care with this game and will likely have less tedious elements by no longer having to deal with things like the RNG system of finding the right Blade in XBC 2.  I can't wait to play this! :D
Game of year of japan...
Xenoblade!!!!
Mixing classes and abilities? Sign me up!
17:54 , HOT DAWG, there the Xenoblade I know and love
XBC2 RUINED THE FRANCHISE  L GAME
This game looks beyond incredible and I can’t wait for it. Now just do the pre orders for the special edition properly and I’ll be good
HOLY CRAP THIS WAS AMAZING. MONOLITH YOU DESERVE ALL.
Well this is interesting, a direct dedicated to a single game More please?
Bring back Xenogears 🖤  PS: 5:07 people die and Yuna dances?
This will never fuel our imagination with just _one_ game. We need more content with E3 cancelled.
Glad they fixed the voice acting
Now Luxin will make a 4 hour length analysis.
This was AMAZING! They seem to be making all the right decisions for this game, and I can't wait!!
DLC that is likely to be Torna length may be in this game.
It is just me or the game looks gorgeous, love it
For some reason that blurred out hero is hilarious to me.
If I wasn’t already hyped for this game already I am now🤩
3:04, Nia chose to die to let Mio live ?
Don’t forget to include Prya and Mythra amiibo compatibility.
SO EXCITED
The story makes no sense, if everyone only lives for 10 years then how come older people exist in the game?
This game has now sold itself as both a console seller and an rpg of the year.  Must play for all rpg lovers
Good thing this story looks so horrible or I might have to suffer through gameplay I found to be incredibly boring.
Why can't new Pokemon game looks like this?!
It's like Logan's Run the game.
So glad I preordered this game and will pick it up the same day.
Need it NOW 😍😍😍😍
😴😴😴
THEY NEED TO PUSH THIS RELEASE DATE BACK.  IF WHAT WE SAW WAS FINISHED OR CLOSE TO FINISHED PRODUCT ITS CONCERNING.  GRAPHICS WERE OK ENOUGH BUT THE FRAME RATE IS NOT GOOD.  IT COULDNT STABILIZE EVEN IN NON HEAVY PARTS WITH VERY LITTLE ON SCREEN.  IF THE DEVELOPERS READ THIS THEN ASK YOURSELF WHY JEOPARDIZE ALL THE YEARS OF WORK TO RELEASE IT UNFINISHED.  LOOK AT CYBERPUNK , ITS A GREAT GAME NOW BUT IT GOT RUSHED ABD THEY LOST TONS OF $ BECAUSE OF IT AND LOST PEOPLE'S INTERESTS WHO REALLY WERE HYPED FOR IT.  ANYONE VIEWING THIS CAN TELL THIS GAME IS NOT READY TO BE RELEASED.  YOU HAVE ONLY YOURSELF TO BLAME WHEN IT FAILS.  DELAYING THE GAME WOULD BE THE BEST COURSE OF ACTION IN ITS CURRENT STATE.
Ashera new babe
kino
Looks great, minus character designs.
Hopefully the Xenoblade 2 characters can meet the Xenoblade 3 characters that’ll be sick :)
Bro this is awesome, thank you nintendo and monolith for this masterpiece!
I didn't expect Taion to have a deep voice... Was COMPLETELY caught of guard by Riku having an even deeper  voice than Taion
Can't wait to emulate this at 4k 60fps a week before it comes out.
15:52 I can’t believe this guys main attack is to just throw paper airplanes at the enemy. Lol 😂 💀💀💀
Ok but like where’s the god damn special edition
I really like what I see! It all feels so action packed and looks beautiful. I really like the characters! Noah's design is really cool imo, and a giant step up from whatever Rex was going for. And of course it's Xenoblade, so the music is already sounding incredible. There's so much to talk about. This presentation was also pretty smooth. It flowed so well.
But I want it now!
Dude how do you announce the dlc before the game even comes out? Like just put the content in directly i'm already paying 60 dollars jesus christ
The Censor. The Hilarity of Riku's deep voice. The Heroes. The Ouroboros themselves. Yes. Good times.  And if DLC content is like 2, all I want is like how they did with Guest Characters. I can't wait, I need a tissue to cry on.
I'm so, so excited!! More than ever now! But I just need to know, who in the heck said, "This was perfectly fine until Day 1 DLC was announced" in the live chat? My man, can you not read calendars? XC3 releases in July, and the DLC is in December. We had to wait just as long for the DLC of XC2, which did the reverse: launch in December, get DLC in summer. Edit: Just rewatched it, the actual DLC, the story content, doesn't release until December of 2023, more than a year later. But still, they literally did the same thing with Zelda BotW. They announced the 2 DLC waves before the game even released, and they will most certainly do it again with BotW2 since Aonuma said he really likes the prospect of DLC after BotW.
Even though I’m not a xenoblade fan (yet! I just started the first game!) I’m still very happy that the comments section of this direct seems to be very positive and excited about the game.
It gives me the impression it will be closer to Xenogears in narrative terms, which is extremely, extremely good in my book
Thanks for addressing the special edition fiasco!!!
Meh Meh Meeeeeeeh!
Eyy first live Nintendo direct
This was a great trailer. Glad I have the Shulk amiibo. Hope there will be something nice locked behind Pyra and Mythra amiibo when they release (perhaps turning Mio's blade into the Aegis?). I'll definitely buy the Expansion Pass, too. Just wish you had announced the new window for the Special Edition preorder… Or at least apologized for the snafu in the trailer itself. A lot of us wasted a whole day trying to get it, and we had our hopes up that you'd at least tell us when you'd make it up to us…
That was awesome!!! The amount of heroes is far more than I thought too, and it looks like they blurred out a few, so hopefully some old characters return for the party?
Xenoblade be having the most convoluted battle systems but when it make sense, it is SO SATISFYING😩
While I may not be really excited about this game (even though I do wish to play Xenoblade Chronicles 2), it does look like it's going to be a great RPG and I am very happy for all the fans of the series.
They went above and beyond. As a big Xenoblade fan... Xenoblade 1 being my favorite game of all time I had to stand up and applaud for the job they did.
Fantastic!
Sweet, definitely one of GOTY title on Nintendo
I couldn’t be any happier with this!!! Unbelievable amount of improvements and looks very promising gameplay and story wise <3
I did not expect Riku to have a deep voice. In all seriousness though, I'm excited. This looks to be game of the year material.
As someone who doesn't care about Xenoblade 😴
Who do you think is the party member they blurred out
Gioco da day one, comunque.
If Etika was alive right now, he would have seen these beautiful Xenoblade Chronicles 3 bates. R.I.P.
Looks so great, I’m so happy they give this franchise love it deserves.
Calling it right now the expansion pad heroes are shulk and Rex.
This looks really impressive it adds a ton of new mechanics and the plot seems interesting too
this game looks like a masterpiece like the others in the series!!! :) (Come at me idc, 2 is a masterpiece like the other games in the series)  edit: i made this when i was younger. cringing so hard rn
Chat was so mean. This was honestly the best direct in my book. Shulk amibo and Gonzales is back?? Everything was perfect
They completely replaced blades with Character Classes and allowed anyone to be any class, neat.  I still hold out hope that the Season Pass last part for next year includes Pyra and Mythra cameos..
I’m going to play xenoblade 2 before it comes out
GOTY right here
Expansion Pass is going to make me cry. I'm going to see Rex again.
boooo
Xenoblade Jojo Bizzare Adventure Edition 🤣🤔
Worst Nintendo Direct ever!
PEAK FICTION
Incredible. Every single one of the characters are under 10 years old.
看完直播，十分满意！已经迫不及待要入手了！！！
Xenoblade 3 looks glorious.
Now if only we can get a date for when the actual Nintendo direct happens.
Looks like I might have to dive back into Xenoblade! Great story, great looking gameplay, IM IN!
i'm both excited for xenoblade chronicles 3 and disappointed that xenoblade 3 was the only thing that was talked about
Bet live chat was more toxic than Twitter.   Nintendo fans tend to be really mad if it's not Zelda, Mario, or pokemon. While never giving the games in question an actual try. Just hating it from the get go and hating everyone who likes it.
I was kind of hoping for information on the special edition. I would kind of like to pre-order it
We’ve come a long way since Xenoblade Chronicles 1. I’m not getting this game at launch since I’m gonna be playing Live-A-Live, but I will definitely get it. But, if I can find a copy of Xenoblade 2 first, I’ll play it and get XC3 over LaL.
GOTY  Loved this presentation. Way better than 2. They're learning and improving
**sees the monado and aegis sword in the expansion pass**  **notices that 2 heroes are gonna be added**  Huh, wonder who those 2 could be.  Jokes aside, god damn this looks amazing and I cannot wait to see if healers will actually be useful in this game😂.
DLC is so expensive
This was PERFECT!
It's...a game Honestly I had no idea what I was expecting
WOOOOO WE GONNA EAT GOOD!
cool
And this is only 10% of the content shown. Only Xenoblade.
Can't wait for Noah's meme quote.
The toxic idiots are in the comment section too? Can you guys wait for a full Direct instead of complaining?
such a bad game :(
This is amazing I'm so hyped the free roam exploration looks exactly like xenoblade chronicles X. Can't wait to play it!
Looks really good, but where is the botw 2 news?
Nintendo eu só seu fã me dá um coração
A focus on gameplay information and  only a bit of new story stuff, perfect! :D
Man, so many play styles to choose from! 100+ hours at the minimum will go into this game. I’m playing as every character and making sure I have all the gems for certain characters.
ANY AMIIBO? Finally, I can use my chibi robot amiibo XD
Broooo that was INCREDIBLE! Game of the decade right here, I'm so excited
Boobas and blades
This Direct Makes Me Hype and Wanted To Play XC3 DAY ONE!!!!
Yep. That was indeed Xenoblade. It looks like more Xenoblade for the millions who like it.
There's some space left in the upper right corner. They could have added another battle option or two.
ITS A TIME LOOP, this is going to be dark
Xenoblade Chronicles 3 is a definite must buy!  Next month is approaching…
That livestream seemed great for XC fans, I'm glad for them. On the other hand that chat man... What the heck is wrong with you guys there was a part where a character said "mega suspicious" and I bet ya'll can already imagine what the chat on this livestream was spamming lmao
Can't wait for wind waker
Game of the Year material right
I hate the fact that the game will look so poor on my switch lite. Real regrets not getting a normal one now. BUT MY GOD I AM HYPED and I cannot wait to be destroyed emotionally
Holy, this is everything I wished for and so much more
Why day 1 DLC. It's a $60 game..
I'm honestly super excited for this game to come out. The new Fusion mechanic looks crazy, the story looks engaging, it just looks like a very fun time. Here's hoping the game thrives  (Edit: Apparently auto correct likes strives better than thrives)
Oh that was fast, or maybe I'm getting old.
First
People will always remember Nintendo’s e3 2022 with the shocking announcements of: *Xenoblade 3* *Xenoblade 3* *Xenoblade 3* And *Xenoblade 3*
First there was a live of this now a actual video noice
W
Did anyone else laugh when they saw the blurred out Hero
Calling it now. "I've got something for ya." is the new I'm really feeling it.  Also, still no NA special edition info. RIP.
Where's our regular direct for the people who don't care about xenoblade
Yohoho I really hope this game allows subtitles with the original voice actors. It’s so weird seeing them voiced with British accents. Japanese voices seem a lot more fitting with games like these that heavily use an anime aesthetic
Hi Nintendo I like this game I like you Nintendo 😉
Glad they got this out of the way so that when a proper Direct comes, we don't have to waste any time on it
Peak
Haven't finished the 2nd game cuz was spoiled
I’m so looking foward to this game! I’m sure BlunZ is already dead because of this.
I thought there were be more games, guess not
I can’t imagine how toxic the live chat was
Imagine for e3 next year nintndo pull up with a fire emblem direct and then just leaves
Please don’t let this be the only direct of the summer
And how exactly will this game connect xenoblades 1 and 2???
Tatsu?
We want the full scale direct on future Nintendo Games!
Final Fantasy XIII called.  It's happy someone actually appreciated it's underrated battle system.
Why was that person blurred on the heroes screen?       Is it Andrew Garfield?
Peak fiction is releasing in a month!
I want the game even more than before
🎮
Thank you Nintendo, very cool
Xenoblade Chronicles 3
Here before the mob arrives
Love it
Yoooo
When is going to be the general Direct???
waiting for the limited edition themed pro controller as well 😎
Damn I’m early
That was incredible. Thank you Monolith.
Please Jurassic world evolution 2 avaiable Nintendo switch please
And they could’ve just done a normal Direct..
Kinda wonder what Chuggaa thinks about this.
Early
Un chef d'oeuvre, j'ai rien d'autre à dire
This looks really cool!
Hey Guys
Don't care
Gah damn xenoblade
SO HYPED FOR THIS GAME
What a waste lol. Give us an actual direct
At the End A Girl with a Mask SHE LOOKED LIKE NIA
Thank you. Now we wait one full month…
Sock
Kool
WILD RIDE
No smash :(
Wait?? No smash??
Hi
DO A REAL NINTENDO DIRECT YOU COWARDS
Damn
Oof
E
Eyyyyy
First
The game looks so good omg
Hopefully Shulk and Rex along with their crew members are mentioned as legendary figures and aren’t forgotten by Nia and Mel.
What a direct I didn’t watch
First
First
Hi
🤩 even though i haven’t finished the first and second, i still want this
MEGA SUS!
Damn
Nice I'm first
FIRST   (Edit one of the first)  Black hole was first
1sr
Hi
;)
Yes
E
