10:28 Almost four years later and Tom is still the main director (often the sole director) of his sketches. I’m so glad Tom didn’t actually relinquish being a director because his directing style is genuinely amazing and relinquishing all the directing or writing duties would make Tomska’s channel turn into someone else’s channel. Tom was just being too hard on himself when this video was being filmed
Just commenting for the algorithm 💛
NGL ... I'd watch Brutus's youtube channel if he was a youtuber ...
Closeups are overrated anyway.
I know you won't see this tom, but honestly, your acting in this sketch was amazing. You pulled off being a fence-sitting coward really well, and the scene where you let out a demonic screech after being insulted got a hearty chuckle out of me. As my therapist always says, "You are your worst critic."
Ok I this may sound rude I’m not trying to be  I sometimes forget ur British
He’s a good lad is Tom. Those doubts are exactly what makes him so great
surfshark ad 4:54
AHAHHA YES SEING TITAN ON BRITAIN'S GOT TALENT I KNEW I KNEW IT WAS RELATED TO THE ROBOT IN THIS VIDEO
24 abr. 2016
Wait its an actual robot and not a human in a robot costume
ayyy i was in cornwall when you were there!
Tom i need you to shut i love your GODDAMN video your a great director
Hey man I can see where you are coming from for sure. One thing you can do is actually try and grow from here. You know how and why your directing style fails. So why not try and learn from that. It ain't easy but you can always learn. Maybe even just by watching other directors do the work for you. Take what you can and incorporate it.   And you are  right Characters lifting things into frame is hilarious
aka tom is intimidated by a robot for 8ish minutes
6:01 lol
6:30  Just making a timestamp for myself
"Sir Kill-a-lot doesn't talk" was the precursor to "Heroes don't do that".
I KNEW IT WAS SIMILAR TO TITAN THE ROBOT!!!
2:28 excuse me sir, IS THAT MR FUCKING PHILZA MINECRAFT?
This was uploaded on my 14th birthday
You've got doubts with your directing skills and I get that. I could probably try to nit pick a whole bunch of things, but at the end of the day I come to your videos and I always find my self to enjoy them.  You got this, keep doing what your doing
6:33 HE SOUNDS LIKE FUCKING R2-D2!!!!!
He's in Newquay I know this because I recognise the premier inn that he was standing Infront of
I thought the robot was cgi lol
Tom: *Becomes deflating balloon*
2:32 umm tom, why do u have a clone of my dog(lol this dog looks just like mine)
"I'm not a very good director" *SAYS TOMSKA WHO MADE THE END ONE OF THE BEST ENDINGS TO LIKE ANYTHING*
The bad directing isn’t a problem. It’s good to know your limits instead of just ignoring them.
Incredible producer
Everyone in the Comments: we Love you Tom and everything about you   Me: HOLY FUCKING SHIT THAT ROBOT IS NOT CGI I FUCKING LOVE IT XD
Dude do you believe that so many people would be here watching these vids if we didn’t like you? We watch your skits because we like them. Not because we have to
Why is this man not already in the MCU?
why am i even surprised tom has a checkered mask?  it looks great on you btw
If I’m being honest, all his sketches don’t take extreme work, but that’s one of the reasons why I like them so much! Because they’re funny but not trying too hard.
Pretending to be where you're not to stream content is legally piracy... Just because you're paying for it doesn't make it legal
Tomska is SuS 😳
Not gonna lie....I thought the robot in the skit was CG...now I want one...
I still laugh my ass off to space cats, the hole, and the old videos with the white xbox where people die.
Wait Animaniacs isn't in the UK???? I know it's based in America but . . . why . . . Other people hate Trump too . . .
I hope Tom is kind to himself more behind the scenes because hes an amazing creator and he tends to criticize himself pretty harshly.
I really do like the "TomSka style", the unnatural lifting of props, the dry deliveries, the shot/reverse shot... I find it *super* funny.
Wait, Cornwall, then that means he travelled through devon which means he travelled through *my* home land the tractor land itself
I loved the new sketch and I am so glad that it wasn't connected to the Among Us
mains hugh
Hey hey hey Tom, not everyone can be a good director, it needs some very specific skillset, and it's okay to not be perfect in it, if you feel more comfortable in the producer chair, let's roll ! :D
OH HOLY CRAP I was sure the robot in the video was CGI
My my you've gotten fatter. Last video I saw was when you were saying you were going to make a change.   Copius maximus.
XD
Hi tom
Despite your critique of yourself, I think your directing style is recognizable and perfectly incapsulates your sense of humor. It's your director's calling card, your signature. You can improve it if you want, we just want to see it more often.
3:49 bruh
3:00 i think i recognize robot from somewhere
I'm proud of you for realizing that maybe you can't tackle everything, everytime ♡ I look forward to watching future products from whatever team you choose to follow up with
Imagine that robot gains sentient.  *AGE OF ALTRON INTENSIFIED*
i just like your film the way he is :)
Ah Yes
Your style is kind of your trademark of sorts,  you're amazing at what you do but if you feel like doing something more will tell a better story then sure go for it, and also I would recommend directing it yourself in a way you think is better. Try newer things, you've always been creative and I doubt it will go away with this minor setback/ realization.     PEACE
I saw the robots featured in this video at a holiday destination
Takes an honest love of craft to admit your best used elsewhere 💪
Big robot go bee boop boop beeeeeeeeeeeeppp
so that thing has amoshuns huh Im scard
I know others are explaining this better and well, more...but you do good stuff! your style is great with all the fast but dry humor and honestly sometimes it just gets me through the day. Thanks for making fun videos, please keep at it. cheers.
Does everyone in Cornwall use Calor gas, or do they get Gridgas?
Hey man I noticed you haven’t uploaded in a few weeks I hope you’re doing okay my guy don’t forget to take care of yourself xx
HOW DOES THIS REAL ROBOT LOOK LIKE BAD CGI WTF
ever since tom appeared on yt....i never seen a pimple on his face
How is that robot made?
Isn't it weird how Americans leave their cars in a driveway?    Wait.... I'm American
Is it just me or did tom loose some weight?
Yes sponsors on sponsors!!
Omg I remember seeing Titan the robot in butlins a few years ago Honestly best performance I’ve ever seen it’s such a funny robot
17 AGAIN  IS NOW ON NETFLIX I REPEAT, 17 AGAIN IS NOW ON NETFLIX
Brutus was actually freakin sentient
Tom, I think you are massively overthinking this, the sketch is hilarious, it’s great, unexpected and original. There is no issue with the directing I watched thinking “awesome a giant robot, but I am here first and foremost for the comedic talents of Tom” and that is what I got. I have been watching your stuff for well over a decade now and I think most sketches just get better and better, and I’m an in depth viewer I watch a lot of your behind the scenes stuff and appreciate all you do to make things the best you can, but your style of directing is not something that’s making anything worse.
Can you do more #Content Season 2?
damn, i miss tom`s vlogs
Good a nuff i had a chuckle
I love your director style especially for your comedy it just works
Tom, you just put a giant robot man in your video. Do you not know       Everyone loves giant robot men.
"Let me in" is actually one of my favorite sketches you madr
How did you control the robot
O
O
honestly it’s not a bad thing to realise that you could use some help or a different pair of eyes in directing some of your sketches, to bring your ideas to life. i think it shows that you really care about your work and you want it to be the best it can be. you’re great at what you do <3
Where Is asdfmovie 14?
Nice
I do like you directorial style, it's like visually comedic in a way that tickles my funnybone and whatnot. That being said I'm kind of excited to see what the videos would be like if it was directed by someone else. And I fully expect you to let them plug the shit out of their work if you do.
The robot was real
I've honestly never thought it looked wrong - or heck, even noticed - that your characters tend to just lift things into frame at head-height.  Rewatching your videos is going to be even more hilarious now.
Tom please don’t add another director and if you truly are set on a new director in your next 3 to 5 videos without mentioning add the new director and see if it did better or worse because I would hate to see a new director but if you are that set on it we your fans could then give our honest opinion
He says he's not good at it, but what ever he's doing, it's making people laugh and smile. Please keep doing what you're doing. Hope you have a happy 2021 Tom.
Lol
I acutally thought the robot was computer generated O.o
Mask gang
Nothing to see here.....              ..... boosting the video for the algorithm.
Congrats beep beep I'm a sheep is on just dance 2020 : )
I really like the style of your directing, I think it's unique(?). It's something I love and know I'll be getting when I click on a new Tomska video. That's not to say you shouldn't improve it, but maybe, instead of changing directors, why not try to grow as one yourself? Keep the essence, the original, but add a little spice of something new.  Try other stuff! Be gay!! Have fun!!!
2:23 humm where have I heard that name before?
"Well directed shots" sounds like they'd be jarring with the humour used in your videos. The limitations in the way you feel confident in directing things, are also limitations that guide your humour. Constraints = Creativity.  You're saying you failed to utilise the robot and the set, but you aren't saying there were jokes you were unable to tell due to the limits of your directing ability, so what was lost?
'Director' is such a broad thing and their influence and job changes so much from project to project (I'm sure you are already aware of this) that I think you're throwing the blanket of failure too wide. Maybe in hindsight you weren't the best choice for this project but I don't think you can simplify it to you being a bad director. Like you said, in a lot of your sketches, the style you bring in with your directing works and it's funny, therefor you're not a bad director, you're just not right for every project. Maybe I'm reading too much into your demeanour haha. I love your content and I hope if you enjoy directing that you still let yourself do that without beating yourself up too much :)
You are a great actor and ur so good at acting bad is that it makes it funny
If you don't like your sketches which require "arogance and vision". Lean into it, that's funny. A lot of your sketches are funny to me because they make other films seem dumb. It's funny, I'd be really sad if your directed sketches went away.
What's an asdfmovie and why don't I have one
still cant believe the man is rockin one of my shirt designs in this vid THANK U STAY THICC THOM <3
When He said imposter I thought he was gonna make a among us video
I think that there are a lot of ways. I´m in a similar place thinking about my art, and I think it´s an interesting thing because it means one questions oneself and understands that "I do this this way and some other people do it in another way" and that is valid. I think that the statement of "I´m a bad director because I can´t direct in every way" is a little bit egocentric, because we can´t expect to succeed in everything and everyway we do.
tom: this video is shit me: idc its funny to me stop making me sad
U r a good director
I’m subscribed to Brutus so fast
I feel like the way he acts makes it more funny
I think your direction is great Tom, you just need to pair with a good DP to make better use of the space you're shooting in
man you god dark spurge
hey man like u said its been a while since u have made a video in public/with covid ect. . takes time to get back in the groove!
Ok... so..... i thought the robot was bad cgi.......
Haha, good morning I'm here.
How are you such an amazing person 😁 hope everyone is well!
Hope you have a wonderful holiday and happy new year my dude, things can only get better from here
Feliz Navidad Tomás!
Thankyou for sharing your opinion with us
wait so like does someone sit in a booth controlling the robot and doing the voices or something?
Good video
Tom all of the people here watch these videos because you made them and if you’re having doubts about your ability to direct then the choice to stop is up to yourself. Thank you for telling us about your doubts not many people would admit that there bad at something. And thank you for making us laugh and merry Christmas make the choice that you think is best
6:30-6:37 me in 2020.
Photography has been my number one hobby for 4 years before the pandemic. I cranked out a hundred fully released photos the last 1,5 years. My creative impulses and executive function have completely fallen flat since this pandemic has started - I haven't shot any new photos in over a year now, and only a month ago edited and released the last photos I had waiting in the pipeline. You're doing fine, Tom. Not saying your introspection to not be a bad director is wrong - but the conclusion to be an insufficient human, which I for sure feel about myself and which was totally the vibe you were giving off as well, does not have to be tied to that.
Acknowledging creative weaknesses is hard. Kudos for being able to not only say its not your strong point but also say it on a public platform. That said the Tomska shot/reverse shot is iconic for your simpler sketches. Ive never seen another youtuber pull off the humor as well as you do in those. Letting someone take over the more complicated bits makes sense but I hope you can at least recognize which sketches will work well with your style.
I have a question do you guys play games?
I love that the checkered tie has turned into a checkered mask
tomska, you're awesome!!!! your content has been consistently amazing!!! don't doubt yourself, you're fantastic
IT'S REAL AND IT MOVES!!!!! 👀👀👀
OMGGGG THE ROBOT IS REAL!!!!
Great to know my favourite Tomska video is filmed in my homeland of Cornwall. I miss being there but seeing him in Scotland during comic cons makes it worth it.
I understand your worries of feeling like a bad director, but I think you're not. I thing every director should own their style. The thing you said about storyboards. Usually DP can give you ideas on how to use closeups, establishing shots etc. Have a great holidays!
Relinquish it or take this opportunity to grow and expand. Youve decided certain shots are too much effort or "not your style" thats silly you can change that as easily as adding it to your shot list. If at the start you arent sure about it quickly shoot both. Or watch some more content in your style and steal what theyre up to. And if you find more enjoyment in the other two options then do that
All these thoughts really hit like a truck but tbh I'm here cause the way you make videos is hilarious and unique..... I don't know what to say but i still love the way you do things
TOM I HAVE A FEW THINGS TO SAY FIRST WELCOME TO CORNWALL SECOND HAVE A PASTY
Jumping on the bandwagon of "wtf it was a real robot i assumed it was cgi"
Thank you for being honest and open as always . I'm going through a similar crisis about directing and coming to terms with the fact I don't have the drive for it, so it's refreshing to hear someone in 'the industry' is going through the same thing. Still being a hero as per usual Tom
It was interesting
Analytics shall be generated
I don't think you're a *bad* director, I think you have a specific style that suits a certain type/tone of video. Like those "lift things into frame" shots, that's a signature of Tomska sketches. But not every director is good at every type of directing.
Robot: beep boop Sheep: beep beep
Okay squidge, SHUT UP You're a huge inspo for me and shut up
Tom  that was great what are you on about
the robot looks like and sounds like zin from saints row 4
You've still got a leg up on George Lucas. He's kinda also a crappy director. ANH was absolutely saved in the edit -- the film won an Oscar for it. So what does he do, as soon as he can afford it? He starts to undo some of the edits, while simultaneously withdrawing the original film from the market. So you can't even see the Academy Award-winning editing anymore!  You know this about yourself, to the extent it's true and you're not being too harsh with self-critique. Lucas does not.
Omg I'm Cornish!      My homeland 😭
Tomska is very good at acting few years back. And tom can't remember his action lol
Let me in is no joke my favourite video on YouTube
Isn't entering Cornwall a mahoosive no no?
Tehehehehe *"giant robot"* hehehhehe
I don't think you're a bad director by any means. A different style does not mean bad. There's a very particular main stream type of directing. Does not mean that's the only way to do it. However, trying new things could be beneficial in many ways. If you are more confident in being a producer, then that's your choice. Good luck mate :)
You could have waved on your way through us weird tier 1ers 😆
I think you should lean more towards co directing, because you bring a certain uniqueness to the sketches you do that I don't see for many other YouTube sketches
We know. But fuck you we like your videos
Hot stepped it to Tier 1
Everything you do is golden, Tomska, so  keep doing what you are doing boiio!
We still love it Tom
The robot so shiny it looks like cgi
The sound clip of him saying ‘this video is sponsored by surf shark VPN’ is the same as the one in the sketch
This squidge is kinda dark...
And maybe the people who direct can teach you.
Respect for people who know where their strengths and weaknesses are - if you know you want to pass the directing on or co-direct with someone who has a more creative vision for a project, giving up that control can ease the pressure, the self-doubt and self-criticism and get a better end-result!
I appreciate Tom recognising that he can't do everything. Don't get me wrong, he does what he does and he does it very well, but there's a limit to what one man can do and if this is one of those things then there's no problem in that
Love this, Tom. For what it's worth, I think you're a great comedy director! Thanks to everyone who's checked out Lonely Robots in Space already — thanks for shouting us out, Tom! And sorry Brutus was so rude to you behind the scenes. He's got a lot to learn...
I was surprise by this video because i tought that the robot was cgi and in retrospective the shots didnt help
Directing is a skill set. Could you not be more aware of mistakes as you learn more about it in practice? Skills can be learned. Co director might teach you more stuff faster but you can learn it.
take care.
Rather than saying because you're not so good at certain parts of being a director doesn't mean you're bad overall... just that you have areas that are lacking.  Maybe get a co director that's better in those areas that might be able to help you? with the idea that you'll fully direct a film in a year or so (depending on how the rules and things affect filming)
Who just..... has money to make multiple giant robots???????
Am I the only one who just does not understand how the robot works??
let me in was very good
I'd love to see you still directing sketches that your style lends itself too though! It's awesome to have artistic humility, but I definitely love how your style adds little comedic moments to those more "simple" sketches.
Hire yourself a life coach or therapist to get your confidence back, man
I like things written by TomSka. I don't care for things directed by TomSka . Directors are self important arrogant assholes and people like TomSka should not strive to be one
excuse me is the robot sentient?
Only a true artist doubts himself sometimes tho. Only to be a better one in the Future!
The robot is real?!?!? I thought it was CGI
I watch most the sketches and there bad acting is most of what makes me laugh
The sketch itself was great as always anyways
6:28 sad Tom noises
Listen, if a giant killer robot had a YouTube channel, I would sub whether I was under the threat of death or not!
"what's an asdfmovie and why don't I have one?"
What you were talking about at the end is a good reflection and one that i partially agree with. At least the part about not utilizing the space and robot properly. But it's admirable that you are capable of looking inward enough to realise this, too. And i can definitely respect your desire you step down a bit from the directorial duties. However, I think it has to be said that you must also evaluate whether or not this is ultimately benefitial for your videos and their quality. Now, if it's simply because you don't enjoy directing then sure, do what you need to do. Your enjoyment is and will always be the most important aspect here, regardless of what you might think. But if the goal of stepping down is to improve the videos, remember that a lot of us enjoy your videos specifically for your unique style of directing and editing. So in that area, i don't know if a different or more nuanced directorial style would be a benefit.   Just some food for thought, I guess :) Love your videos, Tom <3
You are illegally using my viewer service. Please pay 8000$ xD
That is a parking lot you ding dong
I actually can’t believe they actually found a robot for a sketch.
I really see that comming
Tom you could always co direct. 8m sure theee are people who would be able to fill the gaps in terms of your directing. Just need to find someone you trust.
"Let me in" is one of my favourite shorts ever, 2nd favourite of all of tomskas, i love your directing style. It has a very british-humor thing about it. please keep directing 😄
while tom was talking about doubting himself, i thought of a skit: his friends reacting like offended people on a youtube comments section because tom was criticizing himself  *tom criticizing himself and his works* tom: "-because.... i think someone else will do a better job than me.." *actor A shows up * actor A: "Oh yeah? you think it's easy doing what tomska does?" tom: "I- uh.. i mean.. what?" actor A:  "Give him some slack! i bet you cant even make a video half as good as what he makes!" tom: "Thats what i literally just said, i cant make a good skit anymo-" actor A: "Hey actor B! this wise guy thinks he can do better than tomska!" *actor B shows up from a nearby door, shocked and upset* actor B: "He said what??" actor A: "Yea, said something about someone else doing a better job than tom!" tom: "Guys, i was literally just talking about myself" actor B: "Is this how you get your sick kicks?"  this goes on until tom gets convinced hes too critical on tomska (himself) and at the end goes: tom: "yea! youre right i am being an asshole arent I?" actor A and B: "yea pretty much" tom: "fuck me am i right?" actor A and B: "yeah!" tom: "yeah! fuck me!" actor A and B: "yeah! fuck you!" tom: "fuck me!" actor A and B: "YEAH!" tom: "FUCK ME!" actor A and B: "YEAH!" *louder and in agreement* tom: "FUCK ME!"  *actor C, a female actor, is in the background, walking into the room and stopping, seeing tom saying "fuck me" in front of 2 of his friends*
I love ur style and the imposter was awesome and ur style fit if u ask me uk I love ya tomska don't doubt urself I love all ur sketches and I love ur acting style
You make great videos man and sometimes if you're having doubts about your shots, try researching something thats different, that you could experiment with. Its good to explore new things!
I have always enjoyed your directorial style but if you feel washed out then there is no harm in relinquishing some of that control. You're awesome, just keep being true to you.
Not gonna lie I work at premier inn and shit myself thinking you stayed at mine whilst I was off 😂
I really did not care for the sketch. The premise is nice, but it’s done so slow and boring - although having a kick ass robot in it. The simple shot sketches are among his best imho.
I love that toms is just behind the camera dressed as a robot
You superspreader you 😅
YOU ARE A GOOD DIRECTOR THAT VIDEO WAS PERFECT
I wanted to like this so many times not just once
I believe that's called a "George Lucas" revelation in the biz.
0:49 I may forever leave my horrible job with the help of, *f u n d a i l y p  a  y . c o m*
I mean the Robot was definitely the best actor in it
when you said "Hell year"... it made me think  Doom came out on march 23rd That's roughly when lockdown started... I don't think that's a coincidence
Love you always Tom 💙☺️. The sketch was great.
Hey Tom just wanna say it’s really cool you out an age disclaimer before your videos these days, really respect that and you as a creator
Tom mouse crying is the offical mood for this year
Cornwall?! You’re in Cornwall?! Where?! Edit: oh you’re there
How the hell do they get the robot to talk like that?
You where in cornwall!! Damn :( you where 20 mins away :(
Mate, why does Brutus remind me of the dude from Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed?
At least you don’t do what a lot of actual bad directors do where everything is filmed in ‘Dutch angle’
Now I feel stupid for thinking the robot was CG goddamnit. xD
I was the 69,000th view.   *nice*
From what I've learned via my film major, being a producer is one of the toughest roles, if not THE toughest role to pull off when working in film. If that's the role you're good at, then props to you!
69169 views
I mean, your style of directing is what is attractive to your audience, the thing that makes them come back, or at least it makes me come back for more  But your art is great, its fun, and good quality
Tom, your directing style is unique, it's your signature. I find your work distinctively different from others on YouTube and that is what it makes us want to watch again and again your babies. Don't kick your babies. Wherz ze babiees?
Hey man. Best thing about making mistakes is learning from them.
"what's an ASDF movie, and why don't I have one?" killed me.
"Like Shakespeare with robots! Or Transformers with a story!" Such a perfect quote
I'm honestly curious why you think it takes (not saying its not true, I don't really know) arrogance, to direct?
Ok I live in Cornwell and since when was there an evil robot local
idk we learn something everyday all the time tis is good at least not shit i can understand you at this point
Honestly, I really enjoy how Tomska directs and puts the sketches to scene. I wouldn't say "others do it better" but rather "others do it differently"; and that's fine.
Hey look, an honest VPN ad that is accurate about what a VPN actually provides and is used for.
Does he have legs or us Brutus on a track?
I have to pass British English (because I already failed it a lot) when I was taught American English all my life, thanks Tom for helping me understand what the hell my teacher tries to say when she speaks British English :)  Tengo que aprobar el inglés británico (porque ya lo reprobé mucho) cuando me enseñaron inglés americano toda mi vida, gracias Tom por ayudarme a entender qué diablos intenta decir mi profesora cuando habla inglés británico. :)
Hang on, what is Brutus. Like a dude in a suit that's semi mechanical. Is it a fully mechanical robot controlled by "what ever." Someone, anyone?
I wonder what the full range of motions of that robot is, can it like swing it arms? Can it run? Probably not i assume
Edie4% off
Oh, that was a real robot. Oh. Oh.
e
Wow Tom your looking good in that ska mask
Tom, you are a good director to your audience. Only them and nothing more, your fan base likes simple dumb humor and you know it.
Let Me In might have only had a crew of 2 but it was a fantastic sketch
If Tom wants to get another director, than that's fine. Its good he realizes this and is doing what's best.
That Robot suit is really really cool!
I recommend getting contacts during these masqueradin days
You're kidding me, the first time I leave cornwall in months is when you go to cornwall
I was tricked into dat click
Honestly I really enjoy the goofy different way TomSka directs but that might just be me
Has anyone else realised how huggable Thomas looks?
“Didn’t do it justice”  “Could’ve been so much more”  Tom, it’s a skit about a fucking idiot in a cardboard box robot costume. We don’t need Ridley Scott directing here
“Didn’t do it justice”  “Could’ve been so much more”  Tom, it’s a skit about a fucking idiot in a cardboard box robot costume. We don’t need Ridley Scott directing here
Is that a real Robot?
Before you even mentioned it I was going to suggest that you might be more successful as a producer and writer
Thomas 'Tomska' Ridgewell!? In Cornwall!? That's where me live! Me live there!
Oh look Cornwall
You are awesome! I love your channels!
Love u and love ur vids!
Knowing when you should delegate something to someone who can do it better is a skill all of its own.
You could always  get some direction and learn how to direct better. I think you just haven't been exposed to or pushed your  directorial method. Practice and OUTSIDE inspiration/instruction is needed for all things. Everyone stands on the backs of those that came before.
Pro tip Tom get a gaiter mask much more beard friendly
Did you just throw a red herring into a behind the scenes video?
Dude at least u have basic skill
Its really humble thing to say ur not a good director but people came anyway because we found your kind of directing funny anyways, so if u want to continue or not, I for one, will always love all your hard work. Merry Christmas to everyone 💕💕💕
Good video, thanks
+
The acting has a charm to It! It doesn't have to be perfect. The less perfect means the more personalized if done right and you have a natural talent to it.
I want to give this man a hug so badly,, your stuff is great as it is, don't doubt yourself so much :((
I'm sure it'll be a great sketch Tom :)
Amazing
Thought the directing style worked well, really enjoyed the new video! By all means do what you want to do in future, but maybe your confidence is low at the moment since it's been a long time between directing videos?
sorry to hear you've been feeling that way, tom, because i've genuinely always liked your directing style. but if it makes you feel better to move away from directing then 100% do it <3
This video was awesome I loved the peak behind the scenes and a look back what you did
just saying move to Norway. or sweeden, we do not lockdown, it is a horrible idea that do not realy work well at lenght.
As someone who has lived in Cornwall their entire life (12 years across st blazey to Fowey area) that is what most of Cornwall looks like:  Moist-ish mornings with a beautiful sunrise.  Oh, and rain. I mean Britain and the uk as a whole have often suffered with rain but in Cornwall, there’s also a lot of floods (often at least one flood a year in Fowey, but it’s never really catastrophic though)
I miss Last Week
Title: "I'm Kinda Terrible At My Job" Me: Since when is youtuber a job?
Move along fellow robots. I am definitely a robot. _BEEP BOOP_
i have fr been watching since i cant remember id have to go find the vid but its been a really long time and youre videos bring me joy bc im constanly depressed but when i watch ur vids they brighten my day! Keep at it tom i think i can say we all love you!!!!
Worried about your skills as a director? then check this comment's sponsor skillshare...
There has to be a balance between demons and critical analysis. Yes, there were improvements to be made for this skit, but criticising your directorial skills as a result of a year of unpractised times and complete mental degradation for so so many people is a lot to put anyone under, let alone yourself. In my personal opinion, you've never failed to make me laugh, varying through whit, editing, shots, shock or dry humour. This pandemic is taking a toll on all of us, most of all us with pre-lying mental illness and motivation struggles. Creativity and inspiration/motivation desire do not often go hand in hand and thats a very difficult realisation for everyone in creative media let alone in current environments. If you could doubt yourself a little less and follow your instincts a bit more, I think its the path to a better happiness and success. After all, robots are siick. Good luck with a new year of content. Looking forward to it!
and here i was thinking the robot was cgi
Hey Tom, not sure if you'll see this but I wanna give my two cents on your feeling on directing, I'm a film school graduate who's directed a few things myself and I disagree with you. I don't think you're bad at directing and should necessarily hire someone else for that but instead hire someone else to be your DoP. Because you're saying the main issue is things like camera angles and the shots you got and that's generally meant to be the DoP's job not the director's. The director should only focus on the actors and the storytelling while the DoP worries about the camera stuff. So I do think you're a good director because you got great performances and deliveries you just need someone else to focus on the shots. I made the same mistake myself as a director and I had to learn to give that control to my DoP and just focus on the actors, so I also think I'm a bad director! But you're definitely better than me, just give the DoP role to someone else so it's one less thing to worry about.
generating analytics
Given the kinds of sets and content you're used to working with I don't think you're a bad director it's probably just the genre shift threw you off a bit. What's more important is that it sounds like you're not having a good time directing, and letting go of the directorial responsibilities and the stress involved might make you an even better producer, so hell yeah man, go for it!
You are one of my biggest role models when it comes to filmmaking. I relate a lot to your method of directing, and watching your sketches has taught me a lot about filmmaking. I really like your work and I'm excited to see what you come up with next!
So did you escape London in time?
I actually like the way you direct, with the whole bringing things into view style. It's different and often quite funny. If you do decide to relinquish directorial control, please don't give up control completely, I'd hate to see you stop directing videos completely.
6:19: Yes
Don't drive through Plymouth! Save yourself!!
That robot... daaamn
7:02 - I love how you look so exhausted here. You're tired of dealing with the robot.
Huge respect to you Tom for coming to terms with your own strengths and weaknesses in filmmaking. Have followed you for years and always found joy in everything you’ve made but as someone who works in film (VFX lead, not anyone particularly high up) I can see your style come through in your directing and it really works for some situations and does fall a little bit flat in others, but that’s totally okay! I think your skill at production really shines through either way and maybe getting someone else to bring their own ideas to directing would enhance your skits to the next level :)
"Get out now Or I'll be forced to incinerate you, I don't want to and the visual effects department doesn't want to either" Aw Man, But I wanted to see Tom shapeshift into dust
2:20 TOUCH EVERYTHING THAT GLOWS!
i like that you always try to reflect on what you are putting out there. it keeps you real which i value a lot
Tord’s an imposter in The End so we have to throw him into some lava!
0:33  Among us???
1:46 I dont want any longer my disgusting 9-5 thanks to, *f u n d a i l y p  a  y . c o m*
I like the (9:23) "I'm saving it in the edit, I'm bringing in the right people, and paying them the right amount to do the things that are going to make it work" I mean in general but also "paying them the right amount" I think we all know what that's in reference to. Nice um idk jab, reference, maybe? Idk either way nice though I'm sorry that even has to be said.
Though I do agree that you could've done more with the camera and get creative with it. But honestly, that's fine, and I feel like this is very much your style. the "dry" utilization of the camera has a comedy value to it and its just... very tomska (as in the brand) So don't let that impostor syndrome tell you you're not enough or someone else could've done it differently. It's your content and it has an appeal and personality of its own!
What if you became a co-director whenever you feel that you aren't doing it to your best, so that you can work with other people on it? Bounce ideas off each other, cause then that video is still going to be somewhat you, and not entirely someone else.
I agree, region locked content is dumb. Why do I have to be in Palm Springs to watch Palm Springs
You should add angry face man to asdf
I enjoyed this a lot. It's like a mini Last Week but on just one specific topic.
BRUH ITS A FUCKING REAL ROBOT
it's interesting to hear about Tom questioning his directing, I know some people who struggled with that on my course as they found out they were better writers or producers.  It sounds like he's still interested in the actor's performances though so it might be worth adding a Director of Photography role to production. Then Tom can focus on the actors and script while someone else can focus on the camera, it really helped me.  now to watch The Imposter.
Not to sound like I'm trying to blow smoke up your skirt, I think having Brutus just... there... like any other actor, and not a magnificent set piece to highlight kinda worked. It had a humorous feel to it, like "are we just not acknowledging that the bad guy is a massive robot, other than in title?" "Nah, he's just another actor."
ANALYITICSSS
Love and support
Love yer style Tom, like the idea of co-directing, bouncing ideas off other people with experience in the directors chair so you can grow as a director yourself with each new collaboration.  👍
.
.
I don't question the robot, I wonder where the spaceship set came from
I love that Bleu got a credit introduction too. I love him
Honestly, I don't think it's a bad thing to let other people direct. It's hard to write and direct something, because your view isn't always subjective, and while sometimes that's a good thing, it can also mean maybe one line is your pride and joy, but it's not good, but you won't cut it out cause you HAVE to make it work. I am at least 2% qualified to say this I am a screenwriting and production student.
Hay Tom don't worry as I hope you know that we all as a community are here to support you, after all you do give us a good laugh as you try your best to cheer us up and it always works, just don't contemplate your self too much
3:49 aunty donna's big ol house of FUN
English feet
Woah Titan the robot used to come to my local carnival
If you do actually like to direct... learn it.. No but seriously, learn more stuff to get better... you can ask people, you have a lot of really good friends who good help you with that... If you just don’t mind producing then yeah of course focus on producing and getting good directors that you like... But don’t just assume because the outcome didn’t meet the expectations that you are « bad » it’s just not true, you might just lack experience... and that’s something you can get overtime 👌🏻👍🏻
like 6k
YEAH!!!!!!
3:49 cheeky Aunty Donna feature
It looks like a modern Doctor Who set. Very cool.
Also, Brutus could TOTALLY make it as a YouTuber.
I like that Charlie just got her own title with her as girlfriend.
The Kevin Smith of YouTube, but with all those positives as well as a couple of those smaller negatives; we all love both
this is a comment expressing my joy at the video I have just watched
Why does the ad I get last for *3 HOURS?!*
Hey Tom, love u buddy
Please tell Sophie Thorneycroft that their last name is awesome
I don't know enough about directing to know how good of a director you are. All I know is that personally, I love the way your videos are directed. I didn't even notice the thing with the unnatural holding of things, but looking back on it, it's one part of what makes your videos fun. Your style of directing may not work for really big projects, but it's what makes your videos YOUR videos. It' what I and thousands of other subscribers are here for (or on TomSka). Sure, get someone to help you on bigger projects, but please don't lose it completely.  And one thing I won't discuss about, no matter what you think about it: You. Are. An. Artist.
Hi Tom, it's a good thing that you are critical of your own work, and this is a process that someone will never really be done with. But don't talk yourself down too much please. I've been watching your video's just since two weeks ago and you got me inspired to try something myself. So I know you're not fishing for compliments, because you have a hard time accepting them, but what you do, also as a director, is and has been phenomenal to me. So okay; you dont quite like how last video panned out; thats fine. And its also fine to acknowledge that for some projects you could need another director. But to say that you are not good enough as a director? That is total bullshit!   Hope you get to read this and hope you will keep your confidence in doing what so many people know you are great at.
A day with a new Tomska or Darksquidge video is a blessed day, let alone both a new Tomska AND Darksquidge video
You look like a messiah when working against me
If you do hire a different director, try to grab someone who has done youtube stuff like Jack.  That being said I still really liked how the skit turned out. So even if it was "fixed" in post. It was still a quality video.
I can really feel that some of your videos feel a bit rushed with getting to the point. So I belive you hopping of the throne of directing might do wonders for your content. Lov ya stuff ether way.
Tom don’t be so hard on yourself, the sketch was perfect and we all loved it ❤️
you came to cornwall. Why
your fear of character actors and large puppets have combined into this one sketch and i love it
I’m actually wondering how much budget he got for this
This matter does not comment
The robot was definitely my favorite part
No no you are the one of the Director you make me  Laugh your no emotion acting makes it better the imposter was amazing and if you are you a new director it all making feel Tomska
I still don't understand how that robot works or who is controlling it but damn he is so cool
Tom stop beating yourself up. You are one of the hardest working and entertaining creators on YouTube, you are an AMAZING content creator. Look at your great and huge following you have here! We support you in every way, keep up the good work.
I wonder how much of a robot is it, I know someone is feeding it lines, but I don't know if it's a suit or what
*insert helpful comment*
Thought it was Jack Black in the thumbnail, very disapointed.
Omg the best robot friend
6:02-6:07 I'll have a P please Tom.
Maybe you need to look into lessons for acting and directing if you have time after the lockdown
6:29  Me when I stub my toe
U should still direct u are great though I think a co director could be cool, I don’t mean hate by this.
Are we going to ignore the fact that he typed in Big Ol Robot Tiddies?
Tom: I'm a bad director riddled with doubt! Could another director do better? Sure. But you do the best you can with what you got sometimes, and that is how you get art. Maybe not high art, more like a comic strip, but it's still art. All that said, I really enjoyed the skit regardless of how it turned out.
Liyng is bad
I love the way you make and direct videos. Youve always been there. Never give up plz🤘🤘🤘
YOOOO I WAS BORN IN TRURO, CORNWALL
what the robot is real!!! thought it was cgi, makes sense why it looks so good, damn this skit had incredable production value
"Higgins, what is an asdfmovie, and why don't I have one?" this one line has me WHEEZING I wish it had been included in the original
:)
If you are unhappy with the outcome then add more proficiency. But in my opinion your directing actually works perfectly with your comedy as it creates your specific, sometimes anticlimatic, style. I love the scetch exactly as it is.
Tom, your a good economical director. A wonderful one for small projects. However you are correct that if you were to make a feature film, you might no do the best job
how do brits pronounce Spar?
I CANT WAIT TILL IT COMES OUT!
YOU WATCH INFINITY TRAIN?!
Ironic that, just after Tom goes "I've forgotten how to act", I get an ad from Masterclass called "Helen Mirren Teaches Acting"
I just watched the sketch on my phone in a crappy resolution, honestly just thought it was CG. Holy shit, when Brutus turned up, that was cool
I was wondering how you got that robot to look that good with CGI. Makes sense since it was real.
Welcome to kerno!!!!!!
I thought that was titan
Cornwall gang
Loved the sketch it was great
That checkered mask looks reel nice, TomSka
I thought the sketch was amazing! I love your work!!
I love Brutus
Do what u want man
I cant believe you managed to cast Reggie Watts!
Beard hasn't bothered me as much under the mask as people keep telling me, however, glasses and mask.. Uff. So much hate for foggy glasses.
beep boop numbers
I totally though the robot boy was CG and was like, "Wow, what a budget." hmmm
Yes I am real human not cow   Skateboards.......
"I don't think of myself as an artist" immediately begins describing one of his artistic quirks
If Tom wants to get other directors for bigger projects that would be cool, but I still think he should at least direct some of the smaller scale sketches because they work so well with his style of directing.  Especially anything where its just him and another actor bouncing off each other, like Chris Kendal
i dont know if the robot is real or not
Yaaaayy I’m half Cornish yaaaaaaaaaasssss
I honestly thought the shop in the video was a green screen. Anyone else?
That robot looked awesome
"Utter Hell Year" sounds about right...
Did your actually break a Wii, in the “Let Me In”, sketch?           Answer me coward
Your statement of being a bad director is an interesting one.  On one hand, it's true that your style of directing tends to be very simple, and sometimes, like in imposter, there could have probably been more done with it to really make it shine.  But on the other hand, your style of directing actually works really well for your more dry style sketches, like Let me In, The Hole, Valentine Lies, Wizzo the Wizard, just a few I can think of, where really the only focus is the characters interacting through their conversations. The quick cuts to familiar yet different... Scenes? Dunno if that's the word but basically everytime the camera changes you're suddenly hit by some new joke, from the simple mannerism and expression to new props showing up.  It's a very distinct style that I absolutely love that you do, and it would suck if it ever completely went away. So leaving directing to others for more involved sketches like Imposter would definitely be a good idea, but hopefully you're still willing to direct when it comes to simple silly sketches since I think your style works well for those.  Just my opinion, I'm no expert my any means.
+1 comment for the analytics good sir 👍
If brutus had a youtube channel he'd do great
There's no shame in acknowledging one's shortcomings. Now you can move forward and make your videos even better!
Honestly, I like that you're giving more people the opportunity to direct and make silly shit like this. But I also think you shouldn't give up on directing all together just because you realized your mistakes/bad habits. I think having a 50/50 split would be nice because you can learn from these new directors and also let them have a place to create cool shit.  Anyway, love the video and big metal boi is splendidly sassy
There is a great strength in recognizing weakness, and I think it’s great that you discovered that you make a better producer than a director.
Robot shiny
I think what makes a good director is realising strengths and weaknesses, and delegating to the right people when it is right to do so.
I just got a 117 minute nvidia ad on this 11 minute video.
Gonna watch all your videos again cause I love your work mate. Have a nice day 🙂
I appreciate how open you are about what you are are not confident doing. I think that the open one-two shots you mention have turned into a quintessential Tomska video feature, and I look forward to how the directors you hire will utilize it. Thank you for the video!
Hey Tom, it’s good that you are able to see where your weaknesses and strengths are and know when to step away from something that you are not the best at even if you are passionate about it. You can then focus all your attention on your strengths then work with others to improve on your weaknesses. This could then lead you to improve on directing while still playing to your strengths as a producer and/or writer
Its a great sketch. Your distinct direction style is killer for simple sketches, let me in was fantastic, one of my favourites. Doesn't make anything you said about this sketch not true, but the end product you made is very good. If you saved it in the edit, you did it well.
Stop being sad, you sad bastard!
Tom, you have a unique style when it comes to being a director, getting off the comforting zone is good yeah, but that doesnt mean you are bad at it if you just struggle a bit in another genre  Keep doing what you love, or at least whatever makes you happy
This sketch was actually on offer my favourites but I cant explain why
I'm a crafty and creative person, so I see so many things and go "I could make something like that", but as I'm getting older I feel more okay with supporting other artists, that actually made the thing in the first place. So I feel ya, and if your heart tells you not to direct as much, and focus on other aspects of creating, then it must be on to something right. Merry christmas to you and your team - and charlie PS I liked the "weekly", hope to se some more at some point :)
My father uses a bandanna to cover his face while keeping his enormous beard  (No Santa beard, just large 👌-)
Did you direct the hairdresser alien fight scene thing? Because that was some of the best filming, editing and direction I've seen in a skit film.
"i changed the name to imposter because of among us-" HE'S DONE IT BOYS HE'S DONE IT
Wow
In response to the little confidence crisis, when I saw the shot at 3:01 in this video of the robot walking towards the camera I thought it looked really cool and wondered why something like that wasn't in the sketch, so I can definitely imagine some of what you meant when you said it wasn't everything it could've been. I wouldn't worry about it too much though. Seeing where your limitations are and how you can overcome them (for instance by getting someone else to help you) is just as valuable of a skill as being a great director. Additionally, as you pointed out yourself, your style of directing worked very well for Let Me In and has worked very well before for many of your other videos. Was really interesting to see you reflect for a bit though and can't wait to see what you and your new knowledge will come up with!
10+ minutes video? Um... MORE PLEASE
tom we’re here because we like “tomska sketches”, not anyone else’s. please keep that in mind <3
aw I remember I met titan when i was 11 it was like,, the best day of my life lol
I still find it very jarring to see my drawing in the background even though it's been there a while (it's the yellow rad cop one)
I’ve never thought Tom being lazy that is your style like every director has their style
hi tom how are you
Personally I like your directing style. its unique and separates your videos from the others
I agree about your directing. It needs work definitely. But it was still a tomska sketch so thank you for making a tomska sketch!
Lifting things into frame is very Edgar Wright and I've always liked seeing it in your sketches
Thanks for taking me on this adventure Tom
Brutus looks better in my opinion
356th
That might be the most reluctant sponsor read I’ve ever heard xddd
Yoo titan the robot at Skegness in butlins used to be the best part, he got really close to me once and did what im assuming was attempting to pat my head lol
Boobs
Stepping back from a directorial role might™ allow those brain folds to expand or even just rest a lil. Can't wait to see what's next!
Wait!? WTF! That robot was not CGI?
Man self doubt is tearing him apart.
I love Cornwall
WOOOOOO CORNWALL BAYBEEEE
I've met Titan the Robot before
Wait wait wait...that robot is real xD?
You would play a great role as a handbag goblin.
It was actually tomska was the one who filmed the taken fence scene lol
The video was ballin and this video was very neat. Love seeing behind the scenes.
I know you weren't fishing but the skit felt like a you skit. 💜 and that's all the justice it needs to have
It was awesome. I'm actually more impressed to learn that it was a real, physical robot and not CG
One of your best sketches this year... oh well eh
hey tom, sorry you feel that way... just so you know we love watching your videos less for the content, rather more of enjoy watching you. you know? you could be a great actor! even if a diffrent person will dirrect the shots, I still would love to see you act and perform like you did in your video there. never give up, and I hope you will find your way! :D
Great play on "imposter". As a watcher of things, I can confirm that "the direction in this is shit" did not cross my mind.
335th
squid
nice beard bro
Man I never realised how angular Tom's nose is. It looks rad. He could fit in a Disney movie
Not gonna lie, Let me in is one of my all time favourite sketches... 🤣
We love you and your content bro.
Early
You're SERIOUSLY telling me tom was in Newquay, my literal exact town, I recognize everything, and I was ill in bed all week smhhhhhg
tom's mask is so on-brand
I didn't get the notification but I found it anyway.
I thought the script was a lot like the Robot Wars sketch. I honestly prefer this one even though both hit the same beats and both still make me laugh.
Tom, you have a style, and even if you’re not happy with what “could have been” it doesn’t mean you’re not good at what you do,   don’t compare yourself to a different artist, because style is a preference, not a sign of quality...
I'm single 😥😥😥😥😥
New office?
You look like my uncle dan. Lol.
Hey let the video come out and the crowd will decide
reis is not a good actor i'm sorry
BRUH I THOUGHT THE ROBOT WAS ANIMATED BECAUSE ITS SO FUCKIJG COOL
Ok, so I was going to comment this on the main video before I saw this in the recommended, and Tom, The Imposter is actually really well directed and 100% I agree with you on production as well, it's visually stunning, even for TV standards. I was going to say the above before you mentioned fishing for support, so this isn't prompted by this.  You are a great director, seriously. Let Me In is comprised of shot - reverse shot, yes, but I think for its context it works great. I suppose this comes from someone who focuses more on writing, but I don't think your directing takes away anything from the film. Certainly experiment more with other directors, but please don't be too worried to return to the directors chair.  Things can always be better, but that fact that it looks as good and is engaging as it is says a lot about the director behind it.   Sorry this was a bit long and unsolicited, but at the very least I hope it quells some fears. Stay safe!
love seeing some love for infinity train, even if it's during an ad read lol
Hey Tom, just heard the new COVID strain is hitting hard in the UK, be safe and make sure your team is saafe. Best of wishes.
That robot is so fucking cool
I like these behind the scenes with Tom. Kinda feels like a tiny Last Week with more filming info! :D  Now onto your silly suggestion that you aren't anything but an amazing director. Do you use very simple shots? Yes. Do you utilize them in such a way that makes that fact invisible and wrings magnificent amounts of comedy out of them? ALSO YES. The fact that you're beating yourself up about not using everything in the best way and taking your art so seriously PROVES you're an artist. You care too much and that's the big key to art. You never learn from constant success, only failure. You feel like you failed those shots? Good, now you know to use more. Don't take a moment of learning as a sign you shouldn't use the experience you've gained and pass it off on someone else. Take what you've learned and use it. JUST DO IT. We believe in you Tom! :D
No one:  Fireworks: 6:30
how bout a new weekly series called "The Locked Week"
Bring back Jack Howard, he did a really good job on sniper pug
I had no idea things like this existed, this is so badass!!!
wow the first 300 comments i am one of them
Is that taken place in Norway by any chance? I saw the shop named "Spar" which is spare in english
Come on... you know why
6:30 me when mom say no to buy me bobux
Right.     ... Edit: Right?
Tom's sad wheeze is everything
bleu
Oh, wow, I'll be honest, I thought the robot in the sketch was, like CG the whole time, I was really impressed to see it actually physically existed. That's super cool! Though, I have to say, "Tom" is a bit of a silly name for a robot.
honwstly i liked the skit
I love Brutus ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
vewwy niiccee
Wow! That robot was real!? I thought it was just really good CGI!
if the new Star Wars sequels taught me anything, is that it's best to divide the writing/producing/directing to three different people. play for your strengths, man, and don't feel bad for doing that.
I love seeing the behind the scenes
You're telling me it WASN'T cg?
Or you could take director lessons from someone
this comment will make youtube think this is video has to be recommended
I THOUGHT THE ROBOT WAS ANIMATED
I am making a comment so the algorithm is more likely to see this video
Tom looks like my dad.... Kinda
Your not that bad 🙄, your pretty awesome actually
I sincerely wish you to become more satisfied with your own work, if it takes someone to give you a hand it's great ! I sincerely think your content is great !
waw
The irony of Tom having a bit of Imposter Syndrome in the middle of the video there...
Love that you’re in my home county of Cornwall!
The checkered face mask-
it's important to self-reflect and understand what you're good and not so good at, if you feel like you're not as good as you used to be, that's fine! stay sane out there :3
But you have a job.
A new sketch from tomska Christmas must of came early
Comment for algorithm let’s go
shud up tomy :)))))
the robot needs a youtube now
OMG
beep boop
First time get early and there already 241 comment
You're great at sharing how good/bad you are at your job!
7:05 TRANSFORMERS WITH A STORY BRUV!!!!! *WHEEZE*
Robot
E
Funilly enough, I remember you saying what robot wars was supposed to be in another video. I commented "hey, isnt this what robot wars was supposed to be?" On the other video
Tom, I know you weren't fishing for compliments, but; no matter if you think you're not a good director, or even if you think you're not a good creator, I think I speak for a lot of people when I say that your content has entertained us, and made us laugh. I would go even further by saying your videos on both channels have helped pull us out of some dark places. We appreciate the work you and your crew put in, and don't forget how much you guys are appreciated...   Beep boop.
When you see that the robot saw that he was the 2nd choice and actually does the plan in the sketch.
I'll be brutally honest here. asdf is brilliant, where you write and someone else is in charge of the visuals. Your jokes are really well-written. I think really, you're a fat better writer than director. You write really well, and your scripts are really funny, so you might benefit from writing and producing rather than directing.
Achievement unlocked - One compliment:  Good job.
Great seeing you again on a vlogging format, nice to hear your thoughts again and know what you are up to. Keep it up. Cheers
You know, Tom, just because you aren’t the type of director you want to be doesn’t mean you can’t become that. If you want to work with other directors, obviously go ahead, but I wouldn’t say you should just throw in the towel and never direct again. You can work, you can improve, you can fail and come right back again later.
Love how he posted on here and on TomSka at the same exact time
a
beep boop
Na I think the way you direct it is what makes it so good
I thought the robot was just CGI or something, but you ACTUALLY GOT A ROBOT WAT
I haven’t finished the video but I’m excited to watch
I always get super happy when Tom uploads something, like my day just gets that little bit more better when he uploads something.
potatoes
LOL TOM SKA
nice mask
Amazing work, i always love your sketches.
I like the checkered vans mask
I didn't know Cornwall had things.
Frankly, Tom, I always thought the direction made all your sketches
How many comments should we each write to help with the algorithm~ Btw this BTS video is shot very well, hats off 👒
Why are people that play bass so cool! Scott Pilgrim Tom Ska Mae from NitW and me of corse.
"I don't want to, and the visual effects department doesn't want to either" killed me
Im glad that you're still pushing yourself to make quality sketches. But take some time off gosh darnit
Oh I've missed these behind the scenes so much <3
BEEP BOOP!
I like. Tom squeeking was very relatable and sassy robot is sassy. 10/10 would watch again.
I mean, the sketches had that TomSka feel, which maybe I'll feel like it's missing in videos not directed by you, but I trust that maybe the director will keep the TomSka vision in. If you feel like you need a director, go for it.
well, because the ASDFmovie was released way before you were created, but that  think lasted until maybe season 13 or 12
Brutus is terrifyingly cool
Aunty donnas big ol house a fun
U have a job
:)
THAT ROBOT COSTUME IS FUCKING AWESOME
I wish to hug Brutas O.O
When you just watched that sketch And then when it end a behind the scenes Come out on second channel
Spaghetti?
0:31 God i love Tom so much ! xD
Wow! That robot is amazing (ﾉ≧∇≦)ﾉ ﾐ ┻━┻
Brutus the robot is officially my favorite character in any Tomska skit, please use him forever
makes me miss last week :/
this was like 10 minutes after the impostor
Im so early omg
Wow! He already realised his mistake.
Yoo come visit sometime!!!!
Did just christmas miracle happened ?
E
Damn, I'm early
THE ROBOT WOULD BE THE BEST YOUTUBER
0:33 Man, even Tom knew he was gonna get views from that
Beep boop
:v best vídeo xd
3 minutes! Whoop whoop!
Very ichy and warm
I thought there were alot of parallels with robot wars
bots
youtube be like: views (no views) likes (130)
holy shit two videos at the same time we're getting treated
"It's easy to get first on a YouTube video, it's near impossible to get last" -Sun Tzu
i was just going to say "wonder how they made that... if only last week still existed" then this appeared epic
I love that Tom has a checkered face mask, of course he does 😂
Watching the sketch Breaking the immersion by watching the bts immediately after
Uploads make me happy
hi
Among us clicks be good
I love how this was uploaded just after the skit it is about
Hey
are you tho?
hey i live there :)
I was the 3rd person
I just finished watching The Imposter, lol
Your fucking terrible at your job, that's why you are good at it.
here before yt realizes that 29 people cant like the video 220 times
The new video was great
POV: you just watched "The imposter" sketch
Damn so soon
I'm terrible at life, you ain't special
So early...
Holy what the
Alright i like how he admits that he named it "The impostor" for baits lol
Kannst du mal auf deutsch reden also mehr als nur ein paar Worte
i am a early comment yay
Omg you were in cornwall!!!!! I should've snuck in!!! (JK)
penut
Yas idk how u switch acc so fast
Tom you look like you’ve been poisoned from whatever the fuck killed King Joffrey.
my guy we miss you
Why did you upload so quickly this is so rare
S i c k  🔥
No your not to the title
first
That's the most Ska mask I've seen this entire quarantine.
Mary Christmas Tom uploaded :)
I disagree with the title
dude
The impooooooooooooster
Sup
Fun sketch
I like how the first coment in the video is "e"
Yooooooooooooeeeeeeooooo
Tom  C H O N K
I'm the first one
Oh, GOOD! 👌
EA Sports
good video
Plz take care from the covid Tom
Same
Wake up honey, new DarkSquidge upload
0 veiws 26 likes that's how early I am
lol no ur not
Love you tom so happy to see your face
A
Lol he just released the other video
Æ
THE IMPOSTER
Wow
WOOOOOOOHOO TWO VIDS ONE DAY
i don’t know what to say except hi (i’m) tom
2 videos already?
Just enough time to watch this video and the other back to back lol
We love a Tomska double bill
Is there any walls of corn there?
E
beep boop
Anyone else JUST watch his new video Imposter?
Hi ( * 3 * )
Double upload
you cant be bad at a job if you dont have one 🧠
Two uploads in one minute... what a treat
didn't you just make a video?
pog
Are you a robot
I want wall corn
TIMSKA AND THIS CHANRL AT SAME TIME
Hello
What do you mean the robot video was great
That was quick i just finished the imposter vid
Okay two upload on two accounts in 10 minutes EPIC!!
Another upload! Yes!
we know already
Hello!!,
👍
E  I fricking love cornwall
Same
damn that’s crazy
Third
Hi
Same
Lol
e
