They were handed a perfect system of stealth and combat,  and they turned it into a clunky experience. There were so many time that I ran to an enemy for a silent take down, only for my toe to stuck at an invisible corner or leg of a chair. 😂  I still enjoy it, but very mid tier, at best.
I've never really enjoyed gaming, but for some reason this game does it for me and it's the only one I've ever enjoyed playing.   I only got it because I'm a big comic book fam and wanted to see my favourite characters, yet I've enjoyed it way more than expected.
It's odd how people can play demos and games one time and have a different feeling and reaction than they do another, I had harsh thoughts and didn't think much of the game a year ago but then I played it the other day for free and paid attention to what button did what. Guess long story short thank God it is on sale with Fanatical for Steam $15 for the Deluxe. I am buying. The PS5 is fun but 30 fps is rough. Enjoyed all the characters.
I absolutely loved this game
Had to rewatch your review and apparently no one else has watched your review since, odd since it is on sale on Steam for $12.00. I guess that would be considered a deep enough sale.
You’re telling me that Clark, Bruce’s best friend couldn’t come??
Went into this expecting to hate it. I went with robin, and o just can’t put it down. It still feels like there’s something missing, but overall I liked this. It’s not an Arkham game, but it’s got great atmosphere and for me playing as robin, and having this feeling of living in batmans shadow, really made for a great experience.
My timing for watching this review is perfect. This game gets added to Game Pass in a week!
I was so hyped for this game I like it but it’s boring after awhile
The way you review is low key coming in clutch as you review like in an analysis way and not much of opinion and when you do it works really well ❤
I couldn’t even bring myself to buy this game for $17. It’s just dead to me.
Just picked this up for $23 on the Xbox store, I’m excited to dive into it
So in conclusion should I get this game thanks
$40 Australian.. Should I go for it? Great review as always 👍🇦🇺
Bought this game for 40 cents yesterday - 72 games for 30 bucks on Humble Bundle earthquake charity - and I'm already bored of it and wish I was playing something better.
its on sale on PS5 for $28, is it worth it?
Is it worth $30?
I have a feeling in a few years this game will be remembered as a hidden gem just like Arkham Origins was.
Fighting spongy enemies where combos dont do much, fighting bosses like dark souls in a Batman game no just noooo
Cool doesnt look as bad as I was hearing. I'll pick it up for 10 or 15
6:23  bro are you kidding me, the new Batman had to be one of the best Batman’s
This game is like the mobile version of arkham
This game sucks, it really does!
I've played this for around 40 hours and had no cl7e different faction dropped different armor.. huh
I beat the game... Less than half the costumes were unlocked, and there is literally no reason to keep playing after beating it.
ps5 50 dollar game its better than the other new releases...
I want to play this game but my 1660 super disagrees
I like it a lot
WORST BATMAN GAME EVER. Save your money folks.
I downloaded this on Xbox X and it wouldn't get past the opening screen. It kept crashing to  the Xbox home screen so I got my money back. How did you get this to work?
Do we think it'll go on sale again for Christmas?
The one thing I wish was different was the one character at a time. I would've liked if you had to have the other three perform an objective during an objective. Maybe even have to have to switch teams during a mission.   I do love the costumes. Hope they get a shot at a sequel to play around with more designs and mission structures.
This game held my attention when, at 37, no game can really do that anymore. I just beat it last night and I have to commend the fulfilling ending - arguably as good as the incredible beginning.
I really want to get the game cause it's half off on steam at  but the biggest turnoff for me is the performance.amce and optimisation. I watched like Stephens review a d he had a rtx3080 64gb ram core i9 a top tier pc but he said he could barely get a stable 60fps.
Gotham Knights was first being made as a online game like what The Avengers game was. Then they saw how badly The Avengers game did and they tried to redo Gotham Knights to take that type of game out and this is what we were left with. The game is very poor and forgettable.
If the Batman trilogy would have come out today it would have been the best game of the year, they should do another 4 batman game, i really loved that game as i loved Spider-Man and Guardian of the galaxy
I’ve played most of the way through this game an I can say without a doubt it’s worth a buy
Games on sale. Better check what ACG had to say. Great review might buy now that it's cheap
This game looks abysmal. I will NEVER buy it.
For me this game is very underrated right now, I’ve had an absolute blast playing it and the crafting and mods are very easy to figure out
It's just 3D Streets of Rage ... Streets of Gotham, if you will
ESS-KREE-MA ... say it with me ... ESS-KREE-MA ... not ESS-KRIM-UH
This game is already 40% off on xbox store
Grew tired of the combat after like 25 hours, It was a blast before. I played only Batgirl. Very good game though, anyone expecting something on the level or above of Arkham is going to be understandably disappointed as this wasn't supposed to be another in the series. As a DC/Batman fan, the game was a insta-buy of course. Finishing New Game+ and 100% as we speak!
I actually bought this played it for 2hrs and then turned it off and uninstalled it. Even at a discount this isn't worth it in my eyes, it's about time devs learn.
I honestly don't see the appeal in a Batman game without Batman.... Atleast we've had good Batman games in the past but than again it's not like they shouldn't have done a Batman and BatFamily game instead....  Like why do we get a after batmans death game if we didn't even get a Batman & Robin game first? This both looks like an amazing game but also like a complete filler game.....
I bought it and i vote Wait for Sale unlesss you absolutely love batman arkham style games and just have to scratch that itch. :3
You got a subscriber, wow an actual genuine review. Talking about what the game does well and what the game doesn’t do well and making sure you play with all of the systems to make a sound conclusion.
70 is steep for me now since I have to buy a PS5 and Kratos the hell out
So, real question ACG, was Gotham Knights a better launch than Marvel's Avengers? Lol.
I’m my opinion this game should have tighter combat and a universal level system so that it feels a little less grindy. I will totally comeback and play this but a few big updates would help this a lot.
As I expected, held down by an arbitrary stats bases progression system. Imho (gear) leveling has it's place. But when environment/challenge and player upgrade at a similar place you run the risk of everything staying the same with just higher numbers on the screen. If you ask me, leveling needs to transform gameplay to be relevant.
I'll get this one on a sale but GOW:Ragnarok is gonna be a Day1 purchase
Batgirl save this game for me her gameplay is simply far more enjoyable to play. At least they gave Batman a great send off that was a warriors death, unlike poor Joel they did him dirty.
My friend literally gave this to me saying it's not even worth selling because he would feel bad when someone else payed money for it . Played it and I was like jeez they didn't put much effort at all . It was so empty and dull .
The combos are sooooo repetitive. . Listen I know it just cant get me into the game. Like the combat is really stale.
Gotham knights is amazing! The people that are complaining hated this game from jump street. They wanted another arkham. This isn't arkham it's a co-op beat em up and enjoy.
It’s just DC Agents Of Mayhem😭😭😭
It’s just DC Agents Of Mayhem😭😭😭
I've enjoyed it...
"theres a pve mode coming out after the game releases'  tells me all I need to know.  They are releasing it before its even finished
Locked at 30 FPS? won’t be playing this game.
“AI’s been going to school for 25 years and still hasn’t passed the 3rd grade…”  😂😂😂  Paused > Subscribed > Play  Great review. New fan.
I love your videos. Honest, no bullshit with sarcasm sprinkled throughout. Keep it going, brother.
I had a feeling this reboot was going to flop I'd hope Rocksteady makes the next Arkham game after this flop
Good grief that dialogue sounds cringe as hell.
30fps is still a thing on the new latest consoles? Really?
Sounds like a “wait till they give it away for $19.99” type of game
So is this Robin Tim Drake or Damian Wayne?
The story feels like the only thing that was finished. The rest of the game feels like an uninspired live service that was pivoted at the last second into an uninspired single player/co-op experience.
A fair review for a good game. I don't understand why this game is getting bashed. If you look beyond the 30FPS, it's still worth playing. A good story that has new characters to video games. The coop is good, the customization is fun ... and I like choosing four unique characters for specific missions. Is it brilliant? No. But it is far better than what reviews are saying. Thanks for being balanced.
Good review but I wish you would have mentioned something about the transmogs and how they serve no purpose because you unlock a costume and then the transmog is fixed and you can not customise it so what is the point
one of the few reviews that actually seemed honest. I've seen alot that just hated on the game for the sake of it, or because it wasn't an arkham game. Thank you for judging it on its own merit and giving it your honest opinion. I personally loved the the game, noticed some of your complaints but they didn't bother me as much it will probably be my game of the year as I don't care about GOW, and Elden ring was good, but not Gotham Knights good.
If you want good gameplay get arkham knight if you want good graphics get arkham knight if you want good story get arkham knight.  If you want this thing get this thing.
The intro fight between Ras and Batman was something.
The more I’ve seen of this game the less I wanted to play it. People say not to compare it to the Arkham games but how could you not? It’s literally living in the Arkham games shadow and it’s for that reason I can’t look past the jank in it. Plus locked at 30 fps is a dealbreaker. I can’t even really say I’m disappointed because the Arkham games were so satisfying to play and wrapped up so well that I didn’t feel drawn to it at all. It truly just felt like a cash grab.
Batmobile tank battles looking pretty good right about now...
Imagine if they had just fused GotG and Arkham gamestyles
This is Robin's story, everyone has their own thing (Batgirl, Nightwing, Red Hood) Robin is attached to Batman and having beaten the game using Robin as my main. It's clear that Robin was meant to take Batman's mantle.
I’ve been watching quite a few reviews of Gotham Knights trying to figure out if I want to shell out the money for it or not. Gotta say, your review has been hands down the best so far. Better than gameranx’s review even.
They really took one of the greatest story- and character-driven series of all time and said, "You know what this needs? Lots of level grinding. But it's okay, we can meet the goal of so much content by making the combat, missions, and upgrades worse."
Was looking forward to playing this game, but my game come cracked from Gamefly, guess I have to wait another week or so🤦‍♂
Gives ability points  39 - leveling 4 - Each character's Knighthood questline 1 - 60 batarangs 1 - 12 street art 1 - 40 historic sites 1 - All training exercises 1 - 5 talon stashes  You should have 1 extra ability point if you get them all  Does NOT give ability points|  All Batcycle races All Character Trials All Voice logs (Secret caches) All Identity compromised All Villain files All Historia Strigidae All character stories
I'm playing it, pre ordered it too. Love the game, think the story is good, even though I Called every "reveal" but it's still a great game
I love going this channel! His reviews always help me
🙏 For Saving Me £60?…It’s Looking Repetitive & Poor In Many Areas Compared To The Absolute Classic Batman Arkham Knight…👎.
I am really enjoying this game so far. This is the first fair review I've watched of it.
"Been in school for 25 years and never past 5th grade" that was brutal
This is how you do a review. Cover each and everything and not just copying others by completely bashing the game. Well done ACG 🙌🏾
I have read a few reviews and watched a few reviews, and they have convinced me that I want to play the game someday, when the price drops, but not now at is current price.
they gave batgirl a donk
I appreciate your reviews vs listening to reviews from IGN. Most Reviews from IGN don't feel honest and seem very biased towards certain games, and your reviews seem honest and unbiased regardless of the game. It's not about the politics with your reviews and I appreciate that.
I'm so disappointed with this game. I would have been an idiot to pre-order this game, but I had to go full dumbass and get the collector's edition. I love Batman, the Bat Family and the Night of Owls is probably my favorite Batman storyline, yet I fell absolutely nothing when playing this game. It feels like something I have to play just because I bought it, but it's a chore. The combat looks good, but it gets boring really quick. When I'm in the Belfry, I just want to leave  for Gotham. When I'm in Gotham, I just want to go back to the Belfry. The interiors are really well done, but Gotham itself is not Gotham. Not at all. Just a bland mesh of repeated neon signs, vanilla buildings and colored smoke.
2:50 oh ya forgot about that
Does this still have all the puzzle aspects of the batman games for someone who liked the batman combat but couldn't enjoy the games because of the puzzles.
The gear situation and that it's is not related to previous Arkham games make it a hard pass for me.
This game is great and only gets better the farther you get. People are being unbelievably picky about this game.   Just don't play as Robin, especially if you find the combat repetitive. He's boring as heck to me. The game is great.
Why wait for the sale if the game is garbage. Do you wait for dirty socks to go on sale before buying them? No, you just flat out don’t buy them.
Deep deep sale.
I'm so tired of constant hack and slash games!  When will this go away?  I want to be put into a movie!
Why they made red hood soo big
Black friday, $25.  Till that 4 player dlc comes out, if it does, even then, maybe $45 tops.  Its still just a batman game.
I purchased the game last Sunday.  Despite it's glaring issues, I thoroughly enjoy it. I despise the traversals for each character. Nightwing is surprisingly my least favorite character in the game my true caveat, this game is disrespectful.. it should be Batman facing "The Court of Owls"
This gives me a desire to play!!!! A desire to play arkam knight/city that is.
Ugh.... Iit just feels slow.. it's very different from arkam and that's the biggest problem. As soon as I started I was disappointed about how different it is from arkam. It's not bad, but it's not great.
I’m loving the game so far but 100% agree with you from an objective standpoint.
The combat is so bad. I like the RPG elements
Great, great, great review. I was on the fence, then started hearing a lot of negativity, but not the real specifics. This review really put it all out there. I think waiting for a sale is ideal on this one.
If there's a fire sale for this game I'm in! No way I'm spending $89.99 on this! Thanks for the review Karak!
You’ve given one of if not the most wholesome review that I’ve seen so far. Yes there are many many flaws in GK but overall it is a fantastic game, there’s enough to overlook the minor short comings. It’s obvious the game was supposed to take a different route judging by the way it’s designed HOWEVER this can be used to there advantage. In a world we’re now a games core can be changed via it’s coding I believe the developers have a lot of room to add more and more as time goes on! The real experience is in the multiplayer but I like i said before the game is solid and i recommend it to most people if you look past the slight inconveniences.
4:16 ohh I am so weak right now 😂😂😂
I’m still throwing 70 bucks down on the table bc I’m a degenerate gamer!!😂🤣💀
Definitely a wait for heavy sale, but it seems to have good qualities. But $70 is nuts for this quality of a game  tbh.
It feels like a way more competently made version of Avengers with fewer playable characters and an open world.
I was expecting it to be bad. I wasn't expecting it to be THIS BAD!
The 30 fps cap on console is A huge f*cking NO for me like come on bro we're  next gen and here we are still getting games that should technically have came out on 360 and ps3 lets get it together....smh 😑😤
“AI has been going to school for 25 years and is still stuck in the 3rd grade” 😂😂
i feel this game as a wait in the same way destiny was a wait: "wait til the huge dlc and corresponding sale"
New Hero DLC 39.99 upcoming?
Here to see if it’s worth me buying tomorrow lol
This is one of the games you wait a year or so for and get it for less than $20.
I lost interest in Gotham Knight after just 5 minutes because I fundamentally disagree with their methods of stopping crime. The only way that could truly stop crime is through a well-funded education, a robust economy, and a culture that promotes personal responsibility!
You negative people are so fucking annoying, can’t nothing come out without you cucks being negative just to get attention, it just shows how miserable your lives really are which also explains why you go on the internet to be negative to get attention.
6:35 did robin just turn invisible?
The RPG "number go up" is not my cup of tea like Destiny. Only one that was good was Borderlands but it feels out of place for this one.
At least it's better than Avengers 😅
"beating around doing batman's cleaning work and you'll focus more on group mission" isn't that the point? Yeah the cost is that it felt disconnected for the first half of the game but immersion-wise? It felt appropriate tbh. Batman is a good father figure in this game yeah but they almost never work as a group, this is like their first time doing it. So being confused, disconnected emotionally on the first half of the game felt a correct way
I miss how the combat was in the Arkham games. Like, what is this?
sometimes....im really ok with 30FPS!   i know that im going to get solid gameplay the Frames wont jump all over the place
So personally this game lost me when they said enemies level with you :( I have yet to see a game pull that idea off, I mean from the devs POV it’s a cool idea as they can say stuff like you can go anywhere to level but how it really plays out is you never really feel like you are getting stronger and in MMOs (I’m looking at you wow) it means that your character that has killed gods is now been brought to their knees by the wildlife you were one shotting Back when your were level 2 but now you’re the equivalent of level 200 and it’s a three minute long fight that needs you to have a little rest and some food when your done and you had better hope you don’t pull a second one or you have a corpse run on your hands.  There is a few other things that bother me about this game, one that to me is like having a really sore spot on the tip of your nose aka it’s painful and so obvious I don’t know how others haven’t spotted it, that been red hoods mode of travel well his “”knighthood”” i believe it’s called the one where he bunny hops across the sky on an Energy field but it’s still him bunny hopping and it looks silly I can’t understand how a dev looked at that and thought they had done a good job, it’s clear they just hadn’t the first clue what they where doing and the other three had used up all the good ideas the team had, it took me less than 3 seconds to come up with a better idea rocket boots, one way is to let him fly, another way is they let him do a rocket jump using the rockets to cushion the landing, they could even be used in his melee combat to add extra force to his big hits but no now he will be called buggs bunny by the thugs (before he loses his temper and knocks their teeth down their throats).
Your reviews are great. Even if you don’t like a game you don’t bash it. You always manage to find the good things and let those be known as well.
While it's not perfect, I'm actually enjoying my time so far after putting in many hours into the game
I feel like this wouldve made a better TMNT game.
Arkham Knight is just so good . They should have just built off that the best they could. But somehow seems like they went the AC route
I don't want to play any of these 4 jabronies. Give me Batman or I don't play.
Has issues as any game does. The biggest turn off is that I didn’t find it wasn’t 4 player coop until I owned the game. Fun game. Really cool looking gear and different feel for each character. Good difficulty. I’ve enjoyed it a lot so far.
I like the story if nothing else
I'm not bothering with this and getting Arkham Knight again. Or origins. Origins is majorly underrated
story is great, but the gameplay is not. also you can tell whats going to happen at the end almost immediately...but shrug lol
Rating is at 16:45
Sounds like IGN will give it a 7. 😂
Maybe someone can clarify this, but a buddy mine said it's basically avengers but slightly better
12:52 wha...?
the Co-op doesn't even work well in PS5
To each his own…. I for one enjoy the game. You can’t expect the world days after a drop. Yes there are some things I too have issues with but I would assume they will patch these issues in the future. Invest time and money into these updates and listen to feedback and they can have a high trafficked game. It is WB so it’s kinda in the air when it comes to listening to feedback and responding positively. Fingers crossed they tend to this game and let it grow into a beautiful gem like Batman. There’s a lot to button up before dropping some good dlc but overall I like it a lot.
Sad, they shouldve just made an Arkham game staring these 4, but they went too far from the fight system that was perfect outside of Origins
I would tell people get the game when it's cheaper.  The combat feels simplified from the Arkham games.  You go around the city fighting criminals and get crafting gear.  Levels are easy.  It feels like a game that could be a mobile title.  Oh yeah also feel like things were left out so wb Montreal could min max their bank account with dlc packs.
So wait till it comes out on ps plus  or gamepass right thank you
Avengers with DC skins
Lol game is good you picky Lil Karen's now I see there's a gamer Karen in all of you
This was an excellent review. A lot of people seem to be stuck focusing either on 30fps, or on comparisons to Arkham Knight, and this review focused on the actual content of the game better, and touched on pretty much every detail I was curious about. Unfortunately, the areas I was most worried about do seem like they're just not polished enough for me to want to buy this any time soon, so maybe some day if I see it for real cheap, or if it's added as a part of PS+ or Prime Gaming or something then sure.
It's just a shame this wasn't made into an Arkham style game.
This is the first game in the batman universe that I won't be buying until heavily discounted, it's just not floating my boat at the minute.
Individually lost? You’re nuts
Hard disagree with you on this one. Loving this game thus far. Wish the cycle could be speed upgraded but beyond that it's golden. Very much a good game. 3080ti running it full Ray tracing no issues on a G1 75 looks gorgeous.
As soon as you see level gear and levelled enemies You know it’s going to be bad period. Wish some sadomasochists  who like that boring shut didn’t excited .
Can we get an Arkham knight ps5 update with the new 2022 batmobile and 60fps in 4k resolution please . And can we make an update patch that will allow all Batmobiles playable during the story and tank battles that's all we want and yea the 2022 Batman skin also 🙌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾😎
Excellent review
OOOFFF This game's combat is just flat-out weird. There's something wrong with it and even at the highest setting on a 3090, this game doesn't look that special to me. I actually like Arkham Knight's graphics better.  Thank goodness my friend bought it and I got to try it out first. ,cause there is no freaking way I'm gonna pay full price on this crap!
Why are all of the characters dressed like clowns?
By far the best review of why I will get the game, just not right now. Every other review I seen was a bunch of flub of things I don't care about. As always... thanks foe the great review
You don't need to return to the belfry to change gear, just quit to menu and you'll return on the same night with all your gear in inventory.
You can tell all the itemized was ment to be monatised, they got scared, explains the way stats are setup
bummer...seems like it should've spent more time in the oven after drastically changing from a GaaS title like Avengers to its current state today as a co-op game.
I like the upgraded gear concepts.
Am I playing a Batman game or dc game or a mmo rpg wtf is this
Why do the graphics look stupid?
Quirky little voice lines ruin the vibe of the game. Maybe will play if it's ever free on Xbox or whatever
still waiting for 60 fps patch
i have zero desire to play this but you have such a nice voice lol i just watch all your videos
Ive been playing the game 3 days now, its honestly not that bad. Just dont think of the game as a sequel  to the arkham games but a standalone game. I mean sure the city crime activities can get kind of repetitive but overall its fun. The crafting makes it exciting and i like that the other characters also level up with who you main.
this game sux. the game mechanics are 360 PS3 era. the writing is like they hired the writers from the new SAITNS ROW game. have to wait until November to play 4 players, the only reason bought it was to play with my friends. 60fps won't help this game. I can see this being fun for a lot of players, it is just to bland for me.
Haven’t been on the channel for a while but whenever I’m looking for a quality review, this is the ONLY place to get it! Good job.
This games graphics are pretty asf
Can't believe this looks and runs worse than Arkham Knight from 2015.
I have a really good pc with an RTX 3060  My monitor is 1440p 165hz  In 1440, I am only getting 37-45 fps in this game.    This is not a cheap PC setup so it makes complete sense to me that the consoles would be locked at 4k 30
This is the fairest review I've come across. I'm only 4 hours deep but I don't feel this game was NEARLY as bad as most of the reviews I've read; which are mostly complaints that this doesn't play like an Arkham game or "I DoN't GeT 60 fPs" which are both trivial reasons to flat-out give a game a "don't buy it" verdict. I can already see tiresome/grindy/repetitive elements that'll probably wear on me later, but considering how focused games have become on grind, I'm sure I'll survive. Thanks for such an honest review!
40$ for a PC key. Thinking about scooping it up for a week of fun.
did this dude really call the last batman movie stupid? lol good way to prove your opinion on things is dogshit I suppose. EZ unsub
I just can't gp back to 30fps. Maybe if this was something special, but it all sounds so mediocre.
It’s not as bad as avengers, but it is a decent and enjoyable game overall.
When i heard all these characters where gonna be playable I already knew what’s up. Fully developing 1 character is hard enough. Let alone this many.. you know its gonna be half assed.
By far the best review online.
I’m gonna wait for a sale but definitely gonna pick it up
Best reviews on the internet. Thank you for continuing to do what you do. I hope you never stop!
Aside from the 1st game I think Rocksteady has dropped the ball on Batman. I want a different company to do a Batman game. I thought Origins was the best as well. Different studio
ACG with the best game reviews still.
Probably going to be a Black Friday buy for me
that ui looks atrocious!
Your reviews are solid my dude! Keep it up!
Just got it a couple of days ago. I like the game play so far!
Ngl I've been watching people stream the game and I like the look of it but I wouldn't pay the release price for it.. Would've been alot cooler if it was a sequel/ had the gameplay from Arkham Knight (I thought it was when it was announced!) and from what character you play the game with they become the Batman at the end phase of the game - that would be dope
30 fps console is pathetic
My review: I was wanting the game so bad then saw the gameplay. Realized it wasnt an arkham knight copy and decided to ignore it. Then i decided why not? Ill play with a friend and have some co-op fun. Ive bought the game and have played it nonstop since release. The only thing i dont like is the stutter through the gameplay sometimes.
"King sheet on a single bed" I feel called out😅
Yeah I’m glad I never got hyped for this lol I might play it for free
Developers in 2006 (PS3 era) :  CPU can't more than stable 30 fps in 720p Developers in 2013 (PS4 era) :  CPU can't more than stable 30 fps in 1080p Developers in 2022 (PS5 era) :  CPU can't more than stable 30 fps in 1440p Ray Tracing mode PS3 / PS4 CPUs are very weak.. but PS5 CPU are around 5x more powerful than PS4 & 8x more powerful than PS3.. it's can even hit 120Hz in light games, not a PC level, but it's powerful CPU considering consoles manufacturing costs
I eeally want to get this game, but the negatives reviews on Youtube and the good reviews by the community have me confused.
Vehicle mod taken from this game put into Arkham City pls hackergods
30fps in 2022...
ill leave with a quote by the joker in the beloved and acclaimed Batman: Arkham Series after you die as batman...   erhem:    "Who's gonna fight crime now? . ... ROBIN?!!        AAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH"
I have no interest in 95% of the AAA companies game releases. And this will be a hard pass.  As much as I like diablo loot, some games dont need it. This is one of those games it does not belong  The new suits look ridiculous. The classics look best
this game isn't bad. but it isn't good either. I'd give it a solid 7. the issue with alot of reviewers is thst they went in expecting Rocksteadys design and that's just not the case here.  it's not an arkham game, if that's what you're wanting then pass this.   and even still get it while it's on sale. it's not worth the 69.99 price tag definitely.  me personally I'm SURPRISINGLY having fun. I gave the game royal hell and here I am staying up till 4am playing it.  idk what it is idk why I like it but I'm having fun. it's not without its flaws but I'm liking it.  I think because I didn't expect an arkham game. these are the folks behind origins so maybe that's why my expectations were already set low.   as long as you don't go in expecting an arkham game you'll be fine. Suicide Squad is thr game to watch as that's that's next one in the arkham universe developed by Rocksteady.
The games ok but only that I keep trying to bounce off walls and do stealth takedowns from podiums like you can in arkham games but tbh the combat in gotham knights is kinda bland and stealth is a joke
Holding a button in the middle of a combo is a huge nay for me. Thanks for being the only review i've seen that mentions it.
Loved this new TMNT game.
Reminds me of the avengers game so I’ll wait that game still broken 🤷🏾‍♂️
This review is great but I still haven't heard a review on if this game has gotten the most important aspect right. How is Nightwing's cake? If it's not top tier it is a bad game and failed to accurately incorporate its source material.
I wasn't going to play bc its 30 fps on series x but I can't wait for a patch. Definitely going to be next months game of the month
Ima be honest, this game is hot garbage. Reminds me of the avengers game that was also hOt garbage 🤷🏾‍♂️
The opening was so slow. I expected a cooler fight, especially because batman is supposed to die. Combat felt really weak too. I probably won't play this
God I wish games would stop this. Like AC with their rarity graded items and hiding behind a pseudo in depth RPG with an absolute mess of weapons all over the place.
i have been watching billkeyz play this game and it look good almost great
A Batman game with no Batman. Enough said.
Gotham got hit by covid too
Did they try to pair this with titans then quit halfway through? Strange how these studios get gifted valuable ip's and don't achieve 10 percent of the game that was made 10 years before. Did 343 start this trend or was it treyarch?
Maybe they’ll pull a breakpoint and totally take the feedback and fix it.
This review is way to nice lol, this game is bad period.
This game is giving off some strong Saints Row vibes
If they wanted a loot mechanic it should have been weapon drops .   That’s it .  Everyone BUT Batman uses a weapon even Damian (future character wishes)   Ao get rid of body loot and add in a gadget system for each hero .  Nightwings normal gadgets we always see  Red hood gets sleep pellets or something .  Man so close!   Overal I prefer this over the avengers game and. I have 100h  in to the miserable slog
I knew it would be trash the minute i heard 30fps lock 🤢
I love this review.  First time discovering your channel.     I'm holding out for this one, the early publicity seems overly harsh - easy reactions to a 30fps game.  Def picking up later when little cheaper.
I think I could put up with it if the combat was closer to Arkham combat. The animations are really smooth but then you land a hit and they feel limp  And the open world is just a joke
Deep sale or gamepass for me
never really likes the repetitiveness of the batman games or how the franchise has been handled as a whole.  All this does is make me want to play cyberpunk lol
Basically,  they will have a hard sell for any console owners for this game outside a DEEP DEEP SALE.  They decide to keep the game at 30 fps.  Console owners decide to skip the game.  "Hopefully", PC sales will make up for it...
Just wait for mods to rescue this dumpsterfire to reduce the redundancy and grind.
If they add a single player 60fps performance mode on the series X or PS5 I will buy it. If they don't then I will skip it.
Nice
Seems grindy. Was this intended to be live service and that was scrapped after the Avengers miss?
babs got some buns in that bakery
See the gameplay in this video looks decent but I just refunded the game. It feels sooo jank and unfinished and underwhelming.
This game def died for me as soon as I heard about the locked 30 fps on PS5.
how many hours to beat…?
This is going to be one of those "one year later and it's so good now" Games
"DO ICE CUBES SWIM IN THEIR OWN BLOOD?" lol so good
It's built like a live service and not a true successor to Batman so I'll pass.
A game like this getting released so closely to the next Modern Warfare as well as God of War: Ragnarok either has to bring its absolute A-game or is destined to fail. Sadly I dont see this selling really well. Seems like a game born out of an identity crisis. They should've either released this in September or waited till December. The unwise release date was its final nail in the coffin.
Dang dude I haven’t seen an honest review yet on this game still haven’t, guys GK is the best modern super hero game believe what you will
The story, my goodness how horrible can it get.
Deep down, we all really just want that Battinson Skin in Arkham Knight.
Arkham Franchise, this game is *NOT*  this is back to being "Terrible Super Hero/Franchise" Game, like normal Franchise Garbage.
I have a 2070 and it gets pushed hard with this game?🤔
Hope they make balance changes in future patches. Probably i will buy it when is 50% off
This makes Arkham Knight look like the perfect and the best batman game. Arkham knight was so good with it’s gameplay and graphics.
The only reviewer I watch these days. You've saved us all lots of money. Thanks for your amazing reviews!
I already saw a few reviews so I thought “this video will likely mirror those shared points” but this was just next level video game review. This was narrated and edited in a way that I could 100% understand what id be in for and I (and many others) just don’t have that time or effort anymore to find out ourselves if it’s even worth seeing if it gets better.  Loved the section about the audio.
Arkham Knight, but with different characters. Sounds like a home run.  WB: Hold my 🍺
Mobile game. That's what I think when I see the menus
A lot of batgirl gameplay ;)
I just want another arkham style game. Arkham knight was sooo close to being the perfect batman game. If you just remove all the batmobile tank missions and refine the open world elements it would be perfect.
On games where the harder it is the more HP the enemy have just feels redundant. It’s also a useless time sync. You might as well play on normal or easy if that’s the case.       RPG’s had always everything by the stats, numbers, and levels so that would determine how hard the game is not a mode. The blending of RPG and normal hard and easy makes no sense to me.       It never has. Traditionally if you wanted an RPG to be hard you would purposely be under leveled.       If you wanted the game to be a cake walk you took the extra time and trained up. These days idk what these devs are doing. Lol!
Before I watch this I’ll say that… yes. It’ll be DOA. It’s a live service game the vast majority of gamers don’t care for the live service model.
There needs to be a TMNT game made in the style of these “Arkham” games! A game with a dark take on TMNT would be amazing!
I'm enjoying it.
You have to admit that this is a shitty game. That’s kind of agreed on by many people . But you should also be honest and admit that the concept of all Arkham games is absurd and nonsensical. Like there is pretty much no outside world outside of an already small Gotham city. Day does not exist. Super crime is happening and still outside world doesn’t exist. It is time to grow out of these stupid games and comics in general.
it was a live service game then they changed their minds half way through what a turd
Yeah arkham knight looks like better game and that was back on PS4/xbox one.  Only 30 fps for this new game on consoles even though it’s next gen.  Hard pass for me.
Okay so why was Muta so negative about this then?
Been waiting for the ACG review of Gotham Knights, Thanks for going into all the details! I probably will still pick this one up one sale but as a fan of the Batman Arkham stuff, it looks like it'll still be fun despite the flaws!
I like the game. It could be deeper but o well :D
Been playing it and loving it! To each their own! I’m honestly just glad they don’t have Gotham completely filled with enemies and we get to actually see some normal people for once like in the Spider Man games
I'll wait for a price drop and/or performance fixes. Hopefully they add a 60fps mode to consoles as I'd prefer to play this type of game on it.
Is it worth buying on PC or will ps5 do the trick
Its no Arkham series but it doesn't seem too bad either. May have to give this one a fair shake
Would of probably got this game if it had combo building like other Batman games, look way to slow and clunking.
This game just seems like a grind, with no fun parts.
I'll wait for sale, and I'll primarily get it for the open world freedom and the skin customization.
I find it weird how you described Red Hood in the beginning. What makes you say he's pretending that he's good? He's already went through his own character arc where he changed who he was with Bruce's help in order to become a better person. I respect your review but by all means please give some explanation for your very bold and nonsensical take.
Gotham Knights would've been the perfect opportunity to introduce & allow you to play as Batwoman to the world of video ganes. Never understood why devs are so afraid of the character.
never touch
This may be a super basic comment but with the power of these consoles why is the amount NPCs really hard to get right?  The Spider-Man games have been doing it well for a while. Don’t understand why some games don’t get to that level.
id play it for sure but no way im buying this
Never touch! As long as series s exists next gen will be held to last gen standards....GREAT JOB CRAP BOX
Honestly there is noone that does reviews as good as you. Wanted to buy this game, after your opinion, I am just waiting for a sale. Thank you very much, you are the Dark Knight of the Reviews.😉
how is his gameplay so smooth? im on ps5 and im dropping frames like every 10 seconds
Me watching this after putting 22 hours into the game 👁️👄👁️
considering how fast superman is. he could've visited to pay his condolences.
Y’all reviewers are getting ridiculous is the game fun or not is the world of the game cool to see and fun or not
It’s fun with the homie
I think it's great that the game looks really pretty, and that the sound mostly matches up with the game world, the thing that matters most for me though is usually the story and gameplay, and it sounds like the gameplay is not very deep. A gear grind is fine but without good gameplay it just becomes tedious, even if the gear looks really cool and how you look is actually tied to the gear, which doesn't seem to be the case here. I was hoping this would be really good, maybe the story will be worth a watch.  Edit: grammar
Awesome review
Just to let you know, after watching 30 reviews of this game and playing it myself, you have the best review. 👌
Looks like dc avengers tbh.  Hype for suicide squad. I'll probably get this when it's on sale for like 20 bucks.
*_THE STORY WAS AMAZING!!!!!_*
Even tho I don't plan on buying this game i do appreciate the fact that you didn't just dunk on it but gave ot a fair shake.
Can I follow your Xanga journal? 😂  Good review thank you!
This is definitely a WAIT...for it to be a PS Plus monthly game. It could be years or never...and I'm OK with that.
Considering the woke nightmare that was the creative director of the game, it explains how mindless the gameplay is.
ACG, an animation is never perfect. Or anything really. Critics must know that games cannot be a masterpiece without error. No matter how much work there is in those games but they do the very best to make it good. Dont make it bad because of a trial of error here and there. Most people who make games are very passionate and do alot of work (More then you think) to make what they love to do and no matter the results. Sure feedback is the most important thing to everyone but critics dont give them that. What im trying to say is, dont say that a game is bad because of a trial of error that showed for you. It ALWAYS depends on how many people experience it. Not only one person.
Ever walk around cities at night? Population density is low because most folks these days are inside on a rainy night watching tv or playing video games. Npc density is just fine in this game compared to previous batman game where EVERY npc was an enemy. At least this one makes you feel a little more heroic.
I bought the game no matter what reviews said and I can honestly say it’s a mess. Story is the strong part but graphically it doesn’t seem next gen and i didn’t think id care bout the 30fps but dam it feels blurry and choppy. I feel like 60fps would make it run better and more playable
So is there no stealth? I know it says Robin is the “Stealth Expert” of the group but i haven’t seen any reviews or gameplay that shows a full on stealth segment
0:34 me at 1am
I knew this game was gonna be rough when I saw the demo. All they had to do was base it off the Arkham games, but nope just reinvent the wheel and make it so much worse.
Ain’t nothing but Avengers without the live service
The more negative the YouTuber reviews are, the better the game is. So I’m gonna love this one
Seems pretty obvious like most games, tv shows and movies decide to focus on the woke message rather than good story, characters and in this case gameplay. As long as it has all the tokenization checkmarks and leftist propaganda in it it doesn't matter about anything else.
I'm passing on the game for now. It's better than Avengers though but ultimately fails at the same thing.
I think that a "counter attack" update could improve a lot the game's quality. The game feels really weird without the counters from Arkham Series and WB must have the assets used on Arkham Knight, so i really don't underdtood why they didn't implemented since the beginning.
definitely gonna wait for some more optimization
I love his reviews because his analogies always border on making no sense or being brilliant.
Regardless, I would still rather have a Batman game.
Guess part of what kills this for me despite Nightwing being my all time favorite character is the leveling/gear stuff. A big part of the Arkham identity for me is that the combat, exploration and story all weave together for an experience where you can tell where in the game someone is just by looking at their costume or available gadgets.  This doesn't seem to have that and the combat looks not as methodical and more cartoonish. Maybe I shouldn't compare it to Arkham... but they are copying a lot of its design and ideas to make that hard not to.
I know I’m gonna like this game because I’ve been waiting years and I don’t mind the rpg elements and gear levels but for people who don’t I feel like they should pull a ghost recon breakpoint and add an update in the future to remove it yk.
Should've let the AI review this one lol
Glad I didn't pre order this game😭😭😂
What were they thinking putting so much grind in a NON live service game?!
It’s WB and DC so falls under the don’t ever touch category like all of their woke content.
The early introduction of Talia makes me think we'll be seeing Damien at some point. Potentially as DLC
No counter ability. What the hell were they thinking??
This channel deserves 1Mil subs
Gotham Knights is literally another Anthem
This game will be $10 $15 here pretty soon, just like what happened to avengers but worse. I don’t even think I want to play it for $15 lol
Dont touch
This kind of seems to be or was going to be? The Destiny of Batman games.
Game feels campy than the batman games. I don't know if I would care about the villains in this game like the batman games made.
Just go play Arkham series ! There solved all your problem.
“We saw what people hated about The Avengers gear system, and we thought...we gotta do it too”
one of the better batman games have to disagree
Surprised they put batgirl instead of batwoman, afterall the suit only become perfect when it fits a woman right??
ACG must be protected at all costs!!
I'm enjoying the game and having lots of fun!
Hoestly it could of been good but there are so many problems but it just seem like a mobile game
Gotham Knights tries to carry Batman's torch. Albeit, the flame doesn't burn as bright. It does have some redeeming factors and there is some enjoyment for sure. However, it simply isn't worth the full retail price, especially considering its flaws. I'll pick it up once the price drops. Thanks once again Karak for another honest, unbiased and detailed review! I really appreciate the hard work! God bless and stay safe!
I'll play it when it goes free
how can you tell a Court of Owls story without Damien. how can you try and force weird abilities that look super out of place in this gritty world. how can you remove counters? how can you have such horrid performance making the game unplayable in anything not a PC.  YIKES!
I'm enjoying it, but it is really grindy.
Can't quite put my finger on it, but the characters look so....styrofoam-ey, so brittle. They don't look like they carry the weight of a real human meat sack.   Here's hoping The Suicide Squad game is good. (fingers crossed)
Yeah I’ll wait for a sale for this
This game looks like a slightly improved version of Marvels Avengers
You gotta stop calling them the "Batman Games."  They're the ARKHAM games.  There's lots of Batman games.
It is just society fulminating again. It isn't that bad, rather it is just the only fish in a pool full of sharks.
can you turn off the zoomer talk during combat?
I don’t like how people are comparing it to the Batman games. Yes, it’s a spin-off from the Batman games, but it’s doing it’s own style and take. The Batman games are absolutely amazing and nothing can match them so it’s not fair to compare, people need to judge Gotham Knights as it’s own game.
The latest Sony 30fps console doing it's thing.
Game has potential, looking forward on performance patches and DLC, i think of this game like a MMO almost like DC Universe Online, we playing the beta. I like the game its not a bad game like all these YouTubers trying to get views. 6.5/10 for me, 10/10 for graphics and atmosphere. Just be glad it isn't no where close to bad on how Cyberpunk2077 was.
Wow. Being that friend, I feel attacked.
Reviews had me pessimistic, but this game is way better than reviews are letting on. It’s a new combination of the open world mechanics blended with progression.
Batman content without the Dark Knight is like Star Wars without the Jedi. Nothing short of a homerun will reach escape velocity.
Best opinion I’ve heard so far is that why would a bunch of people be outside at night I’m Gotham with all the gangs and villains?
I wait for a sale on every game release I'm interested in since 2018. Havent been disappointed in a game since 2018. I mean its hard to be disappointed when you buy 5 to 19 dollar games. Heck I even get most PS exclusives for "free" on PS Plus lol.
Why does Gotham look so empty?
Here’s the thing, I can’t play as Batman, so hard pass
this review feels very... lean i guess. Expected a much more detailed insight to the combat feel or traversal.
Are you able to switch characters throughout the game or are you locked into the one you choose at the beginning?
Very fair balanced review! Yeah, it has flaws, but you also nailed the positive things about it. This is the first review in YEARS that may persuaded me whether or not I buy a game. Thank You
It's 30fps and it's 2022 that's a hard pass 😕
Thanks for the review! I'll be picking it up at some point for sure 👍
It's dead
No FPS for console so yea I’m not getting this
I think ubisoft would make a fun batman assassins creed style
About 8 hours in. Having a blast!
I've been playing it.. two days now. Watching a good game get destroyed because someone of "relevance" online trashes it and then everyone follows suit.. is one of the biggest issues in gaming. It's not a perfect game, but they will patch it. As it is I've been loving it. This is a fair review unlike most of the trash on YT
people don't let 1 review get you to not buy this game because in the end YOU are playing the game not him. GET YOUR OWN PERSPECTIVE OF THE GAME.
Too much of a grind with very spongee enemies with mobile game layouts that give the terrible feeling of a live service game
This game looks like a live service game where the live service part was gutted but all the mechanics, loot, currency, gear, etc was left. Kinda like Marvel Avengers without the live service stuff.
time to get a life bro
Wait. Is this video supposed to be in the Artificial Intelligence Reviews playlist?  I assume it got added to it by accident.
Thanks for your review, I was on the fence on this game.  For sure not getting this game, seems to be more work then I'd like.  I'll just replay the Trilogy.
Personally I lost interest when Barbra regained the ability to walk through magic or whatever  and red hood has super powers  (Tbh I could be wrong and they have explanations for these things but I'm not playing this garbage to find out)
I was anticipating this game more than any game in recent memory, mostly because of the coop crime patrol thing, and I even pulled the trigger on a PS5 in anticipation, imagine my disappointment. I think they tried to go too big too soon with the concept. The Arkham games started in a closet compared to where they ended up but it gave the game, and therefore the concept, a chance to properly grow. The real tragedy is that if it doesn't do well, which is likely, it might be another 8 yrs before we visit Gotham again.
Nitpicking on the civilian density comment…  If the world in the game sees crime slowly growing bc Batman isn’t there, wouldn’t most people just stay inside?  Plus, the game is played only at night without a clock to abide by, so most people are inside anyways, sleeping.  AND you said the criminals hunt cops down later in the game, I’d expect civilian density to be zero at that point hahaa  Either way, I just found your channel. I’d say your review felt genuine, candid, yet so expansive. You just gained another sub:)
Thanx for this!! Tired of just hearing "this game sucks" with no context. You gave the good and the bad. This will be a wait for me 🤙🏾
Good work boss 🙏🏾
Should have called it 3 Robins a girl and a stutterfest.
Love seeing acg complain about how hard his life is.
Was that hard to just do a Batman game?
16:32 for the rating
Watchdogs 2 is one of the best modern open world games, and it seems like developers are taking inspiration from it.. Very underrated game
It's a fun, silly sometimes brutal open world Bat Family game. Red Hood has quite the temper, he's a loose canon compared to the rest of the family lol. I am actually enjoying it and love exploring Gotham. I'm actually impressed how many interior buildings can be entered and viewed. I like Gotham North, the more somewhat steampunk/Victorian era feel to it is something I really enjoy in video games.
This game will be on DEEP discount very quickly, just like Marvel's Avengers.
And I know it's just my OCD but I can't stand that it isn't a Batman game.
One mind boggling thing… no jump?  In a superhero game?!?! a little weird.  I’m always trying to jump because it feels like it should be a natural thing to do.  Love the reviews and I almost always agree with you!  Spot on!
Excellent review Karak!!
Batman rather be dead than be in this game.
0:53 LOL
Had zero interest in this from the start. As expected, it's not worth getting until it's $20 or below. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Thanks for the review, it was very helpful.  I have been on the fence with this one and been checking reviews for a good breakdown about the full gameplay experience. Glad to know my initial thoughts about wait for sale was warranted.
The itemization of gear with levels is such a hard turnoff for me
Love your vids, but people need to stop comparing Rocksteady games and WB Games Montréal. Totally different Devs. Not saying that you’re doing it. I’m loving the game so far and yes I’ve played the original Trilogy. Still gotta beat Arkham Knight, but I beat the first two games. Does it have issues? Yes, but the city is so Amazing at least to me. 🤷‍♂️
It's a never buy and a hard pass even on a sale lol.
Thanks for this review.  Really appreciate your thoughts on games that I am on the fence about.  You're doing the work of the people, Karak!
In my personal opinion there are plenty of other games more deserving of your time and money, i suggest waiting for Gotham Knights to go on sale.
I haven’t played my copy yet but I have 48 hrs till I can get my money back. If it really isn’t that good then I will just get my money back and put it towards God of War. NOW THAT GAME IM HYPED FOR!!!
Love your video's.  It's so nice not to have all that spondors bull crap.  I'm very picky who I subscribe to.  But this channel is a no brainer.  Your work is much appreciated.  Thanks for what you do brother
A great review. I knew to hold back on this one.
kinda looks previous-gen.  gameplay looks fairly fun though. The combat mechanics look better to me than the other previous Batman games. Not so close-countered.
Would love love to see a review of Jojo Siwa: Worldwide party just picked up and loving it
he said Deus Ex , now i want that
The itemization of gear with levels is such a hard turnoff for me.
It seems that certain scenes play out differently, obviously only in the dialogue department, depending on which knight you are. But if the game is grindy, I'm just not going to care for playing it through more than once. Great review, Karak. It's good to come to someone we can always count on to give an honest, thorough review that's actually honest without needing to title 'BRUTALLY HONEST REVIEW' as if those youtubers normally have dishonest ones and it never containing any brutality and only being 5 minutes.
70 dollars (76 tax) for a 30fps game and has worse combat then games made 10 years ago is crazy sad😂
I don't think I can keep up with new releases anymore. Developers are just setting the system requirements higher each year and I cannot afford to keep buying overpriced GPUs.
Ngl. I absolutely loved Arkham. amazing. But I like this game a lot. Like A LOT. There’s a lot of issues, but the fun i feel when playing is enough for me. It needs updates, badly. but this could realllllly be something wild.
The last Batman game was one of 2 games I had on the last gen Xbox one. It was pretty much the end of console gaming for me.
Lol!  Batman is going to resurrect to save this game.
The driving of the bike looks and feels TERRIBLE
It’s crazy I legit haven’t seen ONE video that says the game was. I know it’s not part of the Arkham verse but it’s such a let down that this is what we got after 7 years of waiting for a new “Batman” game
Garbage.
I love this game but let's be honest the internet doesn't like it because Batman isn't playable and the main character is Batgirl just like they had a problem with the avengers because the main hero was a girl. You can think I'm wrong all you like but I know I'm not so thank you for giving this a fairly Fair review.
this game is not good so far. :/ plus the 30fps is so distracting. to me, at least
I can really never look at these games without comparing them to the arkham trilogy. it's like the devs kind of forgot that arkham knight came out 7 years ago and it's still far higher quality in literally every single aspect of game design.  the lack of polish, the uninspired environmentals, the boring combat, everything about this game screams unpolished and boring. thanks for saving me the money ACG
I feel like batman would be good as a souls-like
Great review. I'll snag it at a discount around Black Friday.
Batman strong woman edition
An evolution of the Bat series, from the makers who made said series, but without their title character leaves a rather large hole to fill. Even though I may eventually pick this up, it doesn't seem like they've raised the bar all that substantially. Sure, it's a lot more polished *thankfully then when originally shown, but they more or less had a clean sheet to play with, and GK looks a lot more like a visual refresh with some new toys.
Honestly you're witty enough to be a ghost writer for rappers.
Why did they even make this when Rocksteady is making Suicide squad? Same concept but we know Rocksteady is gonna put out a good product.
Thanks for this, I'll wait for it to be on sale it looks like.
Played the first 30-45 min last night. I’m totally liking it so far. From all these other reviewers like ign, gamespot, etc I have no idea what they are doing.  I mean one of them gave it a 4/10?!! Seriously? I think it plays great and has been fun and looks great.
thank you for saving me from spending the money right away on this i will later but theres quite a few smaller games for cheaper that came out recently i cam get instead and then next week MWII will hopefully be decent cuz Vanguard was garbage
I saw Skillup say getting Knighthood took to long and yet I did it in 4 hours, did anyone else feel that way? Was it too grindy for anyone else?
Personally this game doesn't seem to hold a candle to Arkham Knight. I was 50/50 on this before release from all the footage I've seen. But after seeing reviews it seems my suspicions were right. A real pity. Was hoping this game was going to be the Bat family co-op we were all waiting for. I hope Suicide Squad can deliver where this fell short.
Their voices are annoying, especiallyBatgirl's. Bad choices in my opinion.
Thanks to how indepth this review was I can now confidently skip this one xD thanks you never miss
That 30fps…. Gotta pass until they drop a frame update
Deep sale people..... Deep sale. Don not get this game a full price. We need to force these devs make great games rather tan just ok games
4-5 years from now, there will be video essays calling this game a hidden gem underrated masterpiece.
I would much rather play a game at 1080P or 1440p 60 fps then play a game in 4k 30 fps. Regardless the game does look good but not good enough to purchase right now so I'm definitely going to wait myself. Gaming has really just been mediocre these days. I'm not going to lie this game only running at 30 FPS has me worried about the upcoming Spider-Man title. They say that that game is co-op playing as Peter Parker and Miles Morales so I'm definitely wondering how the game is going to run at launch.
I was looking forward to this game but I'm glad I waited before buying, even as excited as I was I always stick to never preordering. Will get it on sale
I figured it was going to be a Black Friday game.
I was half expecting this to run on the base ps4 lol
It reminds me so much of marvel's avengers, and I'm wondering if it's going to end up the same way.
I do hope it gets some updates and maybe some modes to change things up. Maybe the combat feels better than it looks. Maybe they change up how things work. Maybe there will be a No Gear Stats mode? I just...wish it was better. Really needed another good Batman game, especially Coop.
My Bat woman 😎
Wow, those cutscene animations... woof. Are the Dead By Daylight animators moonlighting?
30 fps lol
This just makes me want to play Arkham Knight instead.
I don't like Rocksteady's storyline. (Spoiler's for Arkham Knight)Scarecrow unmasked Batman because he let him, then Bruce killed himself and blew up his mansion. That's awful. Even if this game was great I want nothing to do with it.
Looks like last gen graphics
"Is Batman really dead? Yes."  Press X to doubt. Almost as believable as when Rocksteady insisted that the villain behind the mask in Arkham Knight was a completely original character. Everyone knew better. Everyone.
Its really bad all those lies...it doesnt even looks next gen..  sorry... 3 vilain (ridiculous) beat the game in 10h feel like they robb me .......wtf ... this is not rocksteady
It plays like dc online lol
4 playable characters but only 2 player co-op ...why?
I look at it as a Gotham Beat em up like Fight N' Rage or Street of Rage. Which I like
This game for me is like Batwoman series with Ruby Rose. I want to like it but is just.. uhh.
i appreciate the in depth review....but maybe you dont have to talk about buttons that much and stuff like this...just say controls are good or bad
From the combat to the visuals to those clearly mobile-looking menus to the premise "what if Arkham games but co-op? what if Batman, get this...was dead?" this feels so corporate and suits-driven rather than creator driven
Yeah, I'll pass. Thanks for another great review
Scorn was terrible, and this looks atrocious. Jesus Christ what's going on? Plague tale is my next play, and I really hope it's as good as the first.
Yeah. The game is kind of like an MMO in scale.
When do these people sleep?
Man this was a top tier review that covers everything I needed to know. As always ACG you do us a great service.
Thanks for the review, it was very helpful.  I have been on the fence with this one and been checking reviews for a good breakdown about the full gameplay experience. Glad to know my initial thoughts about wait for sale was warranted.
"ice cubes swim in their own blood" 🤯
Was actually a bit interested in this, ngl. Bummer.
It's look cool but I was really hoping the game would have been a story about batman legacy through the four characters. And I personally would have loved the game to have us play as Jason trying to clean up Gotham & having to encounter & fight off the other three. I don't care for the co-op approach.
I wish that hitting everyone caused blood and guts to go flying broken bones and kicking the shite outta bad guys.. Looks too clean and hits are just cartoons like they actually miss and its all fake  And yet the scenery they fight in has blood stains everywhere   guess gotta keep the age rating low. Not that i an a violent person, just this game needs to go to next level  i reckon.
This game feel like shadow of war before they patched it and took out all the grind
After watching many of the reviews your version stood out as great journalism; you where not QQ about it being what it was.
This game went from Buy day 1 to wait for a black Friday sale. I'm still excited to play it but hopefully after a month or 2 in can be balanced some more. Thanks for not comparing it to arkham knight like almost all reviews are doing rn. And frankly it's not fair bc rocksteady is on another level with the arkham universe
30 fps? pass
im only playing it for the story since the combat lost me sadly
Dawg i want my money back so bad 😂 this game is literally cheeks i hope i get it
I do think that the game does look like a lot of effort was thrown in, but I had fears with regards to the multiplayer aspect to it.  Glad to hear it isn't something on Marvel's Avengers level but still sounds like it might get tiring.
I still need to play Arkham Asylum.
Ok cool ill torrent
Locked 30 fps on consoles? Wtf 😂
Honestly I wasn't buying into the hype for this game until watching this. Might not be quite as good as some of the older Batman games, but a new entry with a similar yet different feel is nice.
Why did you not mention how every character is locked behind a wall of 4-5 hours of gameplay before they open up?  Meaning if you want to fast travel and upgrade when you switch characters, it’s mandatory to do each characters story first.   Close to 10-20 hours to unlock all characters fast travel.
You can alternatively play Arkham City and play as Batman.
Next gen videogames should cost 70$ so you will watch a review before buying.  You will notice your wallet getting chubby after an year.
Crafting? In a friggin Batman game? Not every damn game needs crafting.  Not once did I wish for a crafting system to play through each of the Arkham games multiple times.
I bet this game will be awesome next year. After they fix all the jank and add some DLC.
saints row vibe
NO gat dam game should run at 30FPS on any current and future consoles!!!
Ehh..I'll wait until a good sale when it's half off like on summer sale or something.  Was never thay hyped for this game anyways.
As someone who wears a back brace. No we don't grease them. We do get revenge on Bane who broke our back though 😉
Thanks for the review love your channel. But I’m still keeping my pre order but I like to know what I’m expecting. Thanks again.
Wtf with the animations, walk and jump animations look like from 10 years ago... 30fps in beat them up? Imagine if they released Street Fighter with 30fps... It's just no for me, and I love DC. Shame. Thanx bud for the always entertaining review.
Trending #18 on YouTube. Well deserved, Karak!
I don’t understand why tf it’s $69.99 on PS5 when it’s doesn’t even run at 60fps? I want to grab this game but not for full price fhhaack dat
I notice that there is no lighting on the enemy models.  When they fight or on the ground they are all lit up like it's daytime even at night.
This is certainly a weird week where IGN and Gamepot have been more honest about this trash than most other reviewers. It feels like the world must be tilted off it's axis for that to occur lol.
Excellent review as always. No hyperbole, no fat, just exactly what actual consumers are interested in learning.
You should change your name to karat, cos your gold
Too be honest, it was always evident this game was going to be underwhelming, no surprise there
For the people who never played a game that was mostly a grind feast for RNG gear, well, guess what that's your end game, getting the best gear with the best stats and all that. This game is pretty much like The Division in terms of gear and endgame in general, only difference is that it's Batman and there's no PvP.
gonna finish Spider-Man on PC instead #60FPS #RTX
Wait for sale, it’s a good enough game just not good enough
And one criminal who pretends he’s good . 😂😂
That exchange between Dick and Barbara left a lot to be desired. I'd almost rather Batgirl be Cassie instead and have Barbara be Oracle. It seems weird having them acknowledge her in that role while she's suited up.
“The npc density is low.” It’s nighttime…in GOTHAM. Yea you ain’t gonna catch many people out and about there. This isn’t Spider-Man ps4’s New York where you have multiple superhero’s living there ( seriously tho what’s up with that? daredevil, Spider-Man, the AVENGERS…all there. Anyway I digress.) this is GOTHAM, where basically your only protection is 5 people in almost nothing but glorified body armor who only come out AT NIGHT. And granted occasionally the most powerful being on earth. Against, imo, THE craziest and most violent villains in comics. Joker, croc, poison  ivy…VICTOR FUCKING ZASZ! Marvels NYC is a cakewalk compared to Gotham. Tho yeah…steer clear of carnage, venom etc…mostly carnage.
I'm sorry, when you have an actual metropolis like city in Cyberpunk with hundreds of NPC's on screen at any given time and they can manage 60fps this game has NO excuse.
Grinding is nnnngh..but as someone with their 2nd cancer diagnosis I will be spending a lot of time in bed..so maybe it's a plus for me.
You def just gained a follower today coming to you for all reviews from now on thanks
Robin being not gay in this game is disappointing lbgtq gona have a problem with this one
I still can’t believe outlets like gamesppt are giving this game a 4/10 when much worse games have gotten 6/10 and 7/10’s
I keep being confused by what cities people apparently live in. I've been out regularly at night in Vienna and Tokyo, and a handful of times in other multi-million cities as well. The population level looks perfectly fine to me. Putting that aside, a nicely thorough overview with very fair assessments. I've been looking forward to the game for its characters (particularly an authentic Tim Drake many years after I'd given up hope of ever seeing such), and middling gameplay plus silly loot look well below my pain threshold given my priorities lying elsewhere. Here's to 17 hours from now!
Besides the story being predictable, what I hate the most is the RPG elements in the gameplay. Also, I don’t like the VA and the dialogue!😂😂
thnk i'd rather just wait for the new rocksteady game tbh
Take a look at the gameplay trailer that was shown a few years ago. Totally different game with similar Arkham style. This version is severely downgraded including game mechanics. Graphics are just bad. The UI is horrible.
SO looks like TLDR for me is wait until it comes to PSN for free lol
I'm still excited to play it with a friend. Bat-family co op sounds fun and we split the cost and are gonna game-share
why is Dead Pool called "Red Hood" in this?
You can tell just by looking at early trailer and footage this was gonna be shit. Idk why people were so surprised.
First game in the series that doesn't all take place in ONE night???  Guess you really can't replace batman even with 4 new heroes huh?  Batman would of had all this done and back home ready for breakfast.
Glad to see your views poppin off! Thank you for all you do!
Looks like trash from 2013, hard pass.
This is exactly what I expected.
Here is a question these reviews of the game have me curious about: Why do Tim, Dick, and Jason all look like they have significant Native American ancestry?
Love the review. So happy I discovered your channel.
Def gonna wait for the 60fps update
Just like dying light 2, watch them release a 60fps patch later on.
How long till it's $20?  I'm gonna say 9 months 📆
Great more game padding... I mean item management. Developers would put item management in pacman if they could.
You sir, have the distinction of being the only   person I follow that I take the time to comment on. I do this because I truly love your reviews and believe you should be bigger than you are! You keep doing you and I'll keep trying to help in the only way I can!
Why is Red Hood, my favorite Knight on steroids?!!!
Another great torrent. 10min play and delete🤣🤣
The Arkham series consists of two great games stretched across 5 releases.
So ot looks like it deserves more than th 5 out of 10 it got from IGN. Maybe a 6 or 7  if I were to guess what this review would be scored I would say a 6 or 7.  But maybe the experience is that much better on PC.
I wish they woulda kept the same character design as Arkham Knight. Those characters looked bad ass. Robin looks like 120 lb weakling in this game.
No Batman is not dead this is based on the court of owls arc where he fakes his own death to draw them out.
Wish it was for ps4. :(
Smells like Marvel Avengers hooking up with Saints Row. Yikes.
Batman avengers edition going to wait if the suicide squad is as good as guardians of the galaxy.
Hero destruction. Perhaps one of the earlier cases, but hero destruction nonetheless. Superman. Luke Skywalker. They learned a while ago that the compelling characters of this one particular race, gender and orientation need to die, otherwise nobody will choose the other non-compelling ones. Spoiler alert: we still won't. Hey! It's still my money, right?
Spoiler Batman doesn't die or just comes back.
I’m liking these new colors for your logo bud
How has Arkham Knight aged for you? For me it's aged really really well. I really appreciate the love that went into and quality of that game.
The combat doesn’t even look like you’re being effective. Great thing about Arkham  series was every hit looked like it hurt. This just looks like you’re making contact to deplete a health bar. Reminds me of somn like the division.
Most of you saying you canceled your preorder but in reality you didnt😂
Consoles can't do 60 fps. You know something isn't right with this generation of consoles.
I will wait until it is on the discount shelf won't be far off I think
I don't know, the whole feel of the game doesn't do it for me. There is nothing wrong with reimagining things. It's just weird to me tho. Like, I know this sounds odd but the game is giving me TNMT vibes due to the dynamic of the cast. And that just doesn't seem right.
Solid, concise review as always.
Sick PS2 game 🤙🏼
thanks!
If they were gonna go the RPG route they should of made it turn base. Similar to Yakuza: Like a Dragon. Even though it was completely different in terms of gameplay fans still loved it.
Jesus...that bo-staff choke-out was fucking brutal.  o_o   Do not fuck with Damien.
That ice cube analogy was soooo good. Going to use that on my job sites.
Personally I think this game is better than I expected a few weeks ago. I’m still gonna hold off on getting the game now because I just can’t trust modern gaming devs to release a game to be 100% working on launch. After all this is the same devs who made Batman Arkham Origins and welllllllll
Damn i didnt know bat girl had her back blown before becoming bat girl lol
I think the game would be received so much more positively if people didn't compare it to Arkham so much. I get wanting to, but this is something obviously different, and comparing will only hurt ones opinion of the game
Very surprised that this isn’t an awful game
Why do companies make games like this.  So full of disappointment.
I'm gonna prob play this anyway, just for Batwoman's big ass!
Great review. Pre-ordered and loving it, but I always love differing opinions on games. I think it occupies the odd spot of not as bad as most people are assuming, but not good enough to make them happily wrong.
Do ice cubes swim in their own blood?
Can’t believe a AA title like plague tale 2 beats this AAA title with huge fandom. Learn WB Montreal from Plague tale 2
I’m just not gonna pay $70 for it. I loved all the Arkham games and will probably like this but the dude teleporting around kills it for me. Cheesy!!! I’ll get it for $;0 on Black Friday.
Pre-order canceled.  Thanks for always giving it to us straight, even when it breaks our hearts.  Looks like one I'll pick up in 6 months after it's patched up some and half price.  <3 ACG
Marvels the avengers is pretty great now. And it’s not so pricey
robin transforms? 0:11 WTF
Definitely a game I'll likely get on sale. Still love the concept around it but just looks a bit too rough ATM.
We don’t need more superhero mmos, did we not learn our lesson from that garbage avengers game
what a shit game
Damn they Downgraded Talia HARD
The missions sound like Ghost of Tsushima. Very Grundy and that’s exactly why I didn’t finish it
is it really 30 fps? wtf how can a ps5 not get 60 atleast... lol these devs i swear that right there is a reason i will never get it... unless that is changed later
No one watches the Bucs play to see the rest of the team without Brady. They watch to see Brady. Gotham Knights just can’t stand without Bats.
Hell ya! I’m a little excited now
Og get pc
Robin seems to be the only 1 who looks 'smooth' in combat and fitting to the setting.
You could tell this was gonna be average as hell a while back, the fact that this was one of the top bought steam games is a testament to the popularity of Batman, cuz it was pretty obvious is was gonna be very average
Thanks for the review.  I still want a sequel to Arkham Knights, though.  A true, in-universe sequel.
feeling like the best thing this game brings to the table is finally a coop batman game
I'll wait on this for a year or so...until modders do their thing... and I can play with an unlocked framerate.
All of what you said are negatives is what I was worried about. This is the batman game no one asked for
i remember why i dont watch your videos.... you think you are funny... but you are not... so many youtubers do this... its sad really
As time goes on i feel like video games just get uglier each year, i don't know how but it's what i see
Kinda feels like a "wait for it to go on sale" game.
I’m going to get it. I like the universe!
I knew something was up when I saw a pic that said Batgirl was carrying the game but not based on her fighting.
The worst game ever 😆
How do you ruin such a perfect idea? Jeeeeesh
I know some cats are comparing this to the old Batman games, but the real thing killing it is the Spiderman game. Spiderman is closer to what this game should be. Remove the awkward sliding between foes, make the traversal so fun that you log in just to travel around the city, etc.
Is 30FPS playable is the most embarrassing thing from gaming since girls don't play games. If someone asks if 30FPS is playable then they must be some high entitled, ignorant people who truely believe they are better then others. (And sadly ive actually seen this case.)
Less than a minute in and I'm already dying. That insurance scam was hilarious. 🤣
great review, balanced and honest. good job ACG
The more I hear about this game the more it sounds like doo doo butter. I love the Arkham games but this one has officially become a wait for a sale for me.
By far the best review for this game thank you for caring and being honest for the good and bad can u teach ign how to be honest they need a full course lol
How many analogies per minute is the average ACG review?
I appreciate your review on this. I knew you would tell the truth which is why I tuned in as soon as I saw this. IGN completely slammed this game and made me regret my pre order but watching your review made me feel a lot better about my purchase. Keep up the great work. 👌🏿💯
I'm expecting them to do a Superman after almost a decade because they drained Batman, but  no kill Batman bring his friends and drain still, disappointing.
Could you put timestamps?
Red Hood feels like he was thought up by a teenage boy with dad issues
I have a 20% discount for this, should I apply it, or wait for a deep sale? And what percentage is recommended?
I was so interested in this game when it was first announced, but then they showed it off and I was a little less interested. Then I learned about all the seemingly unnecessarily implemented RPG elements. That's when I thought I'd wait to see some reviews first. Glad I did. While I'm still excited to play this game, I won't be doing so on day one. Thanks Karak!
another trashgame
Why does the camera zoom in when you ride the bat bike. It looked way better when it was zoomed out
Bought to play with my bro and for the story (Origins story was great). Not expecting the world here.
9:29 “not Arkham Knight heavy…that game launched like it was launching two other friggin versions of itself” 😂
It’s sad when games like Skyrim and GTA feel smooth but a game that just released is in slow motion.
How is this game starring 4 main characters only 2 player? Wtf...?
The ign review turned me off from it gonna see what you have to say
Why is this video trying to force me to watch a playlist?
Thanks for the video I was gonna skip this one
Did you get a chance to experience the 2 player co op? That’s a big factor on if I get it
I think Spider-Man ps4 did a great job with having to craft suits.
Wow no one cares you don’t have free time
For me this is a "wait for performance mode"
Looking forward to playing it tomorrow
The giant pauses in dialogue when characters talk to each other is really  noticeable.
never understood them just packing on more health id rather harder mean they do more damage but still die as fast that way people that are getting hit and just trying to face tank through get punished more. More health doesn't mean harder just longer kill times. Have them use like new abilities or use them more often red attacks something that makes the difficulty harder from damage and skills instead of just health..
My biggest beef is Robins and Redhoods traversing. Teleporting and bouncing on air just ruin the idea of those characters.   Why can’t robin glide, but be much zippier and have tighter controls like a bird would fly?
People enjoy hating things more than enjoying things. Thank you for the review. I was a day one either way but glad you didn’t pan it.
I much prefer 60fps where possible as it adds so much to a game. But a stable 30fps is acceptable. The frame rate here looks absolutely dreadful.
As someone who was thinking about buying this on console, I'm waiting for it to go on gamepass or something. I'm not paying for a game that isn't 60 fps. Never have cared about ray tracing and still don't.
Ice cubes swim in their own blood 0.0
I can't bring myself to play as any of these lame characters. Can they patch in Batters?
what is happening in the take down at 7:25? Robin just kinda slides into this guy and he crumples. Is he supposed to be choking him with his forearm? Looks like piss, Batman would have had that guy in a chokehold tighter than a vice.
Looks like a game you played already few times before (Batman games, Spiderman), but this time with characters you dont care about. Hard pass for me.
Hits play   “YES AN ICE CUBE SWIMS IN ITS OWN BLOOD”  Turns off video. Lays down.
We all knew this was a placeholder lazy co-op cash grab. Just let Rocksteady show them how its done, with the Suicide Squad game next year.
A game like this would be much better if it was a coop "create your hero" game, then the mods and equipment and stuff could feel much better and be actually meaningful... *looks at DC Universe Online*
I always come here for the reviews but I definitely had plans to wait anyway
I really need a batman prequel expansion dlc or something, this is almost exactly what I wanted from arkham knight with it being all of gotham, no vehicle battles and there actually being civilians in the city to save.
"I love to be able to hear people calling out for help" - ACG, 2022.
The dialogue is rough. Very stiff looking animation when they’re supposed to be talking next to each other.  I’d play this for a deep discount.
The 30 fps on console is a deal breaker for me.
Arkham city: Destiny edition. I think ill pass on this convulated loot and bullet spongy enemies
It's like watching marvels movies these days. It's just the B team....and I find it hard to care.
I’m surprised at how surprised you people are… I need to create a gaming company because the idea that this game would be good amongst other “open world” games in the past 5yrs to be nice is baffling to me.  Cmon people, the gaming industry (Nintendo) launched a gaming service to add tennis Nes and Snes…if that’s not a slap in the face. As a child you wouldn’t have picked tennis for your first game on the nes if the shit was free but yet…you all stay hopeful.
You’ve painted a perfect picture for me Karak. I’m excited to dive in tomorrow. Thank you for the thorough critique.
$70
Someone was telling me this a game truly taking advantage of series x and ps5 while Callisto protocol is a last gen game lol. Sucks bc it could have just copied Arkham series and had some new features without the level and crafting. I feel they definitely could have gotten 60 fps but its fine if it looks good ill check it out when its a little cheaper. Think everyone should have their own unique stories that connect to main one. I was hoping for Arkham with 4 characters
The Robin teleporting power to travel instead of gliding is soo lame and looks boring
5:19 LMAO
Dont know hwy we couldn't just get the Akrham knight sequel :/
I just wish the game didn't look so Arcade ish is it to much to ask for a more realistic dark vibe smh
It looks really crap, like it was made at least 10yrs ago..dodgy graphics, nothing creative in it, carbon copy of all the previous Marvel spoon fed garbage.i'll pass on this for sure.
"Do ice cubes swim in their own blood?" lol, I'm stealing that one.  I expected this to be live service and grindy from the reveal, but I'm a big Batman fan, so maybe I'll check it out someday. With a little luck it'll wind up on Game Pass, but maybe once it's super cheap on Steam sometime too. That might even give them some time to polish it a little more, at least for performance.
I loved this review. Not as negative or lame as IGN’s 5. Which to me was ludicrous. A game that plays as well as this thing and has so much to do and see could never rate that low unless it was straight up broken. This review just tells you what you’re gonna get and doesn’t try and boil it down to a numbet
No review of co op 😒 Waste
so they put a $70 price tag on a mid game 🤣  definitely waiting for a sale
jeez this drop stuff and crafting is meh IMO!!
Something just felt off about this game, like they wanted a live service crap game but changed it mid-development after Avengers bombed.
Ill go replay Arkham Trilogy
I'm not a big Batman fan. Supposedly the world's greatest detective, but he can't see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch
Thanks for the review! That's fine with me, saves my money. If a game is awesome I'm like, "shoot better run and get it" most of the time. I didn't really have a lot of hope for this one. A lot of the buzz around it was pretty lackluster.
Hey acg how many games do you "own" ?
Looks like a microtransaction riddled live service scam. PSN says its monetized so that coming for sure. Another soulless pos like Avengers.
This combat is slow and floaty.
Cough* batman  beyond  cough*
I'd play it when it's on a nice sale...looks gorgeous to walk through and reminds me of a 90s Gotham inspiration.
Can they fix the buildings and NPC'S  a bit down the line?
How are you reviewing a game that is not out yet?
The game looks dope for me
Pretty much what I expected. The last few trailers actually looked great and did a lot more to excite me, but the combat has looked so stiff and so boring from the get go that I really didn't have any faith. I'll definitely wait till its like 30 bucks for the holiday.
It's inferior to the previous in every way.  Pass for me
The question I have is can red hood still be enjoyable without a coop companion? Seems the others are just better suited for solo.
Ai still in the 3rd grade. Great line
Thank you for doing these. I felt on the fence about it a long time ago when they showed more combat which didn't look right to me. This video helped me make a choice. I think people online are climbing on the fact that its locked at 30fps and blaming consoles or poor optimization when in fact the game has more serious issues to look at when it comes down to actually having fun. I really doubt 60fps would have made a difference when taking into  consideration the cons mentioned here. Definitely a wait for a sale.
I going to buy because I like brawler but, I am also not going in with the expectation that this is going to be like the previous Bat Man Arkham series games because is not like that. I think A lot of gamers are comparing this game too much to the Arkham series and that is causing a lot of negative reviews. Now a lot of games on day one come out with some issues that the companies tend to try to solve with a day one patch, but we are gamers have become their tester at least that is my opinion on that matter.
You crushed my dreams!!!  Thanks for the review man. I always appreciate the honesty
Holy shit the city looks so good though
Graphics are mid.gameplay cluncky.combat is bland.bosses few and the fights with them are boring(except man bat imo).oh...and 30 fps on ps5 in 2022... for 70 bucks!so yeah it deserves the low scores it gets.hope the sales bomb too.people deserve much better for their money 🙂 if you really want this game wait for a sale.a big one.
Not a fan of that archaic "skating magnet" enemey targetting.
So many kids in the comments acting like the devs fucked their mom, its hilarious
excited. I LOVE single player games
bruh i knew this game was ass when i saw the commercial... and just like the commercial song some heads will roll from this b.s. 😒🙄
No one can seem to adequately replicate the seamless combat play that was the first Spider-Man. It’s my favourite combat game nowadays, and the combat play in this game just seems really clunky, doesn’t seem smooth at all. Amongst its other shortfalls, what a shame.
Jesus christ it looks like a PS3 era title and the gameplay looks a lot like it as well. DOA. No question. Even console kiddies won't accept less than 60FPS now.
Hey! Your reviews are popping up as suggestions again. Sick
I don’t need it to surpass any Arkham game. I just need it to be good. Haven’t played it yet but I’m not entirely sold on it.
Its sad this game is a dud. Because why didn’t they just let robin be a main character build a story around him and then his friends come to help him out. U need a story in order to hook players in always
Dunno man, when I first saw Gotham Knights, I was worried about the graphics and presentation. Then I saw the Digital Foundry comparison between it and Arkham Knight and my fears were justified. The only way Gotham Knights can be said to have good lighting, efx or graphics is if Arkham Knight or even Arkham City were never seen before. Go back and look at those games and it becomes painfully clear that Gotham Knights falls short in ways it really shouldn't in 2022. Not just the graphics either, but the animation and combat don't feel as good as the old Arkham games. Sad.
They could have just remastered Arkham Origins this game is crappy as hell... The dialogues are just such a turnoff
Ew. The writing. Lol.
The gear system would be fine if it was NORMAL 🙄  Why are modern developers so goddamn lazy with RPG elements? If you're going to use them, go all in or not at all. No one wants to farm for jumpsuits.  As a developer, ask yourself this question: do you don a onesie every single day before you head in to your workplace, or do you don a shirt, pants, socks, and shoes? If the latter, good job! You're a normal Human. Now apply this basic shit, that's been done in isometric roleplaying games and MMORPGs since the 90s, to your goddamn game you peon 😒
Black Friday sale maybe? If angry Joe would give it at least a seven out of 10 I’ll buy it on sale if not I’m just not gonna waste my time with it
I think it's absolutely ludicrous that there are still moments where consoles are locked to 30 fps.  So glad I'm on PC.
This game looks so antiquated in combat, graphics and overall presentation. Like a more polished and dark Avengers, but still so boring and uncreative. Hard pass. Thanks for the Review!
This review confirmed what i suspected and that reference to a friend to which commits to something and when reaches halfways drops the ball, that is true and sad...... this will be a game reserved for a steam sale. For a open world hero-like game, Spider-Man on PC is and still the way to go (this coming from someone that loves much more batman/arkham universe rather than marvels spider-man world).
I don't know any spoilers, but based on what I do know about this game, I would bet that the Court of Owls either saved Batman or resurrected him, and they've made him either their brainwashed leader or one of their main enforcers, perhaps this hniverse's Owlman, and you'll have to fight evil Bruce Wayne in the finale to prove yourself a worthy hair as gotham's protector. It's sort of a "the student surpasses the teacher" moment that's kind of already the whole point of the game already. Just my two cents, that's what I would do narratively. I hope this game is good. I'd like to double team it with a buddy of mine. If it is good, I hope it does well. I would very much like to see more quality DC Comics games where you get to play as characters other than just Batman. (Where's my Superman game, dangit. How about a Green Lantern, John Constantine, Justice League or Flash game? We're alrwady getting Winder Woman and Suicide Squad games, I suppose, but I want more!)
🤞🏾 gamepass
Oracle: Hey Bruce can you use your vast fortune and connections so I can walk again?   Batman: As God as my witness you will remain in that chair.  Batgirl: Fuck you bruce.
"A King sheet on a single bed" another one🔥
after hearing IGN's review i'm a little upset, have the devs said anything about the game?
Good review, would have liked to see more info on the co-op aspect of the game
I’m not really interested in playing this but I will be on gamers little playground watching the game movie. This story looks like it could be great.
This could have used an A.I review to liven up the mood, frankly I could easily this train wreck coming a mile away, and the devs should have too after what happened with The Avengers game.
Sold me with this review, can’t wait to get my hands on it. Pre ordered it last week and had no doubt about it. I already knew it wasnt an arkham game from the beginning and honestly i just want to be able to play as all four and whoop ass. Just want to have fun and I’m interested in the story as well.
This reminds me of some mobile fighter games... Idk if ill buy this.. lol
Haven't gotten any games in a little while. I guess I'll be picking up A Plague Tale: Requiem this weekend and get Gotham Knights in six months when it's twenty bucks.
Sounds like $19.99 to me.
I’ll pick this up on sale after a few patches
Do you get to freely pick which character you're playing or are you forced into a selection?
The quality of this one doesn't seem to be very rocksteady.
I really enjoy watching these types of reviews… honesty with a comedic tone 💯✌🏾
Should've been batman.
You mentioned coop but is it only online or also couch coop?
For whatever reason, I'm just not interested in this game at all. And that's that I'm a huge batman fan.
"A.I has been going to school for 25 years and sill hasn't passed third grade." 😅Truer words were never spoken!
This game looks absolutely awful.
looks like a black friday pickup for me in the $30 range after its been polished up.
Riding the coattails of The Arkham games isn't gonna work for long it looks like...
To blurry for low pixels, looks like old gen
Looks like marvel avengers, gayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
I'm gonna wait for a sale, in the aftermath 😆
Sounds exactly like Spider-man. I absolutely hated the side missions.
Batman Forever
Love Batman but I literally had zero interest in this.
A WAIT... for MODDERS to fix this game! All skills unlocked at the start of the game - MOD!
Don’t know why anyone would wanna play as these C-listers…
maybe sale or gamepass. no 60fps is imo a big turnoff.
how does this game look worse than any game in the arkham series?
Oh WB Montreal, we appreciate you. But never, ever, again.
Why do I keep buying these expensive game consoles, if these game developers refuse to release games or update their old games to 60fps? I give up...I'm done going broke for this same old  30fps bullshit when they have literally NO excuse for that nonsense anymore .
I’m still getting it
30fps on a ps5. That's just a no from me
At the beginning, you answered all I needed to know. Batman actually being dead kills the whole product for me. Nightwing, the Robins and Batgirl are cool, and it was fun playing as them and Catwoman in the Arkham series, but it wouldn't be as fun without Bruce Wayne/Batman existing in the same world. I enjoy a game with Batman that doesn't feature any of them, but not the opposite. He's the belle of the ball. I want to dance with him. Same with the Spider-Man franchise, Miles is fun, but not without Peter Parker.
Yep, dead on release.
Thanks for the review. I want to like this game and it sounds like I won't regret it
2:15 Even in Gotham you are not save from Ukrainian flag propaganda! FTG!
I genuinely have no interest in this game, but it isn't as much of a dumpster fire that I thought it would be.
Shit game
Imagine this is a what if story this is ifthey knew nobody wanted that though so they didn't do it 🤣
Seeing as I need things to play I'm looking forward to the game.    Grinding isn't a bad thing
Thank you!
Robin : holly lower fps batman, i want to change my name Batman : What? Robin : Call me "Boy Blunder"
This has gotten such bad reviews I just cannot justify spending 70 bucks for it. I'm so freaking disappointed
Is it DOA??? Free Flock
I wait for sale on this game not worth $60 or $70
Kinda disappointing to hear this game didn't quite stick the landing.  I will take the advice, and wait for a sale.
I'm not a huge batman fan and I haven't played the other Gotham games( even though I own them) . And I had no idea about this game but damn, it really looks cool, I think I'm going to buy it.
The rpg element turned me off, especially for a bat family game. This feels like DC multi-player game but less fun
That sliding combat makes all Batman games feel cheap.
Dumbass developers. That can't do shit right 😒
When are we gonna except that no game that releases is ever going to be perfect ??? Or are we just gonna call every game that releases shit ? We really need to start playing viceo games and having fun like back in the day . We literally nit pick and complain about the littlest things
"A King sheet on a single bed" is a such a good description
This game not having a 60 fps mode on the NextGen consoles is ridiculous. And frame pacing stutters at 30 fps!? Inexcusable.
Why are the streets so damn empty? There are barely any cars on the streets.
This game looks like if a DCEU movie director got moved to the games development team.
ACG . You're the best!
Saved me money
how do i get that robin skin. looks cool.
I’m glad Gordon isn’t black like they made him in the new movie.
Jesus the takedowns in WD legion look like they hit harder
Now I'm not getting notifications for your videos? Wtf youtube!?
This review was weird and kind of all over the place. But i do wanna play wanna place this on my ps5 and god of war Ragnarok.
Thank you for this review im excited to play this with a friend
marvels avengers anyone? screw this game already, sorry, good review though *starts up total war warhammer 2 out of bordom*
Thanks for the review! I was kinda hoping because of the coop concept but you definitely helped me decide to wait on this one for a deep sale. Your points definitely reflect how I would’ve felt and this would’ve been a waste of money at full price. Always on point as usual. Really appreciate you bro!
30fps
So the game kicks off with batman fighting ra's?  Tell me batman is alive without telling me hes alive
Second game I decided to pre order it turns out not really good like dying light 2( my first pre order), I hope hogwarts legacy doesn’t turn out to be bad because that’s my third pre order game
Always a great review
Can't wait to play getting this game for free .
Just like Dead Companys propaganda,er,I mean comix,Batman is dead,murdered by horrible writing,this game is dead.
why is Talia british lol
Better review then the dumpster fire IGN provided. I don't let review influence me anyway but it is interesting to hear about the different views of something. I know if I like a game when I see it and clips of it. No matter if other hate it.
man if I ever end up getting this, it's a "turn trainer on for 16x experience gain" type of game, wtf is the point of the exp gating?  this screams of what once to be a live-service game that had to hard pivot into a single player game after the failure of avengers
The last time I tried to eat my feet, I had indigestion for days. 🦶
I feel like a lot are forgetting there will be a day 1 patch that makes it more stable and fix some stuff.
Great review I will wait
Dawm graphics look like DC universe online but with ray tracing lol a 11 years old game AHAHAHAHAHAHAH
so much of the armor design looks really unappealing.
Shouldve done TMNT
the gameplay looks pretty solid and the visuals hold up decently but it’s nots a next generation looking title. Hell Arkham Knight had a higher level of graphical fidelity and that game was for the ps4 and Xbox One and that was released 7 YEARS AGO. Also, 30fps is unacceptable that should be a thing of the past. From now on 60fps should be the standard for next generation consoles period
10:14 Dick sauce all over Bruce and Babs.
As a comic book Bat looney, i was alrdy about this game but still had my reservations about paying a full 70 beans for a “next gen console” game thats locked on 30 FPS (i’ll still play it but im frugal like that). This review confirms my reluctance about waiting for a sale and/or to see if theres anymore patches to be offered down the line. Good shit, Karak; cya for Ragnarok 👍🏾
👍
Still keeping my pre order ! Gonna have fun. Y’all are way to picky nowadays. Play video games have fun geeezzz.
Hearing nightwing voiced by Terry MCguiness VA is pretty appropriate 👌 😄
I simply have no urge to play as anyone besides Batman especially with this new family friendly kid look they took the game in. Looks like a game made for twitter imo.
15-20 hour game, locked at 30 fps with no graphical options and and all around mediocre experience? Yeah, this definitely needed to be $70 at launch lol.
30fps is shite on console! No interest in this game with no batman! Fuck off!!
This looks like it's effectively Assassin's Creed Origins but with batman characters and co-op, and despite it's issues, I think I'd love that. Great review!
30 fps in 2022? Rofl 🤣  Not even 60 is enough, console players surely get the short end of the stick. What's the point in good looking games if you more around like robocop?
We need a proper arkham knight sequel faaaaakk thiss shi. Good idea bad execution
Wtf 30 fps dammit I can't play games in 30 it makes me dizzy
I agree its wait, and wait for sale, this isn't something to rush out for
Haha, this is a great review just because of the little things like the insurance fraud joke or the "Robin never kills like Batman" joke.  Great editing on this one.  Also, was hoping for a buy, but all the early play stuff talked about the grind and same-iness of combat over some period of time, and it looks like they didn't listen to that early feedback.  Waiting for a sale or updates that address the grind.  Also, the percentage increase of skill systems means that those systems are always inherently boring.  Developers need to learn this lesson.  They either have to have a skill system that is more than or forego it altogether.  For example, if they had a skill that added optional elemental damage or something (just as an example), that would be more engaging.  But to add a few percentage points to damage.. why have a skill system, just have a generic leveling system where levels provide you with increase, rather than place a bland skill system as a middle man.  Thanks for great the great review, man!
Wow I though you would say more bad things about it.
18 minutes to say “pass”. You’re welcome to anyone reading this.
Do you think a 1660 super would have any issue running on minimum seeing how it’s only slightly slower than the 1660 ti?
Its bc you cannot play with Batman in GC. Batman universe with no Batman playing
They should have made Batman old, all the years of combat took a toll on his body. He coulda been the new Alfred instead while guiding them
Gotham's Creed. Booooooo. this looks really lame.
This is the first time I've seen your channel. Your review was great. Straight to the point and unbiased and no boring ad read that take up a quarter of the video! Your review was very detailed and full of so much information that I wouldn't see in other YouTubers reviews. I'm kinda 50/50 on this game. I want to like but something just feels off. I guess I'll just wait for a black Friday sale and hopefully a performance mode update gets added by then.
Why does the combat have so many special effects? Do we really need a staff or a fist to light up with fire? It looks like a generic mmo.
Why is this game just marvel's avengers but, the dev team decided for it not to be a live service?
You were actually much kinder than many other reviewers this time around. Great depth though in this review.
Nah, we were all expecting this. xD
Apparently this was developed by the same team that made Batman Origins at WB Montreal. Makes me wonder how the producer , game director and designers all made these poor gameplay decisions that ultimately led to this. 🤔
It’s not easy forever being in Bruce’s shadow… same way it’s not easy on YouTube and it’s demonetisation, so just remember, help your friendly neighbourhood ACG with a thumbs up, and a subscribe
Nextgen game for $70 that only gives 30 fps on the Ps5. Deal breaker.
Always watch your reviews when they pop up. Thanks for posting this one, was gonna buy day one but now I feel comfortable waiting
Wish this was out on Xbox one
Your reviews are always top notch, keep it up!
Definitely waiting for a sale on this one. Sub $20 most likely
I just wanna run around with my homie as red hood and kill people 😂
Nice review per the usual!
I think people are being really harsh on this…I think it’ll be a decent fun new DC game until Suicide Squad releases. Some people feel all DC games involving Batman or Gotham need to be a carbon copies of the Arkham games in terms of gameplay and any game that isn’t that is trash. I totally understand wanting a new version of a game you love I too loved a few of the Arkham series games…however devs trying new things is usually a good thing in the long run. Even if they game they tried new things with isn’t a 10/10 game but is just a decent solid 6.5-7.5 out of 10…those new things they tried can potentially lead to great things a few years later when they work on future games and have feedback and experience knowing what they have to do to make things in future games better.
I always been more interested in the "feel" of a game and not the details. How I judge a game is by the way I feel when playing it. Does it immerse me in it's world? Does it take my mind of my problems? Not saying that it's the wrong way to be but I've never understood players who get caught up in the details.  Like obsessing over stats or whining over a costume not looking exactly the way it did in the comics or loot variety or other insignificant crap. I think this game looks fun and I am going to give it a try.
Thanks for the review, I'm still going to get this game tomorrow but now i know what to expect. Thanks for your time. Also I hope you do a review on Bannerlord coming up shortly
30fps?
I appreciate your reviews! im a sucker for all things DC Comics so I think I'll grab this for my payday.
Generic garbage that can't even stand a chance against the 7 year old prequel and it's less optimized than a Battlefield game, hopefully the massive flop will make them learn
30FPS LOCK??? IS THIS 2010???
Thanks for the review.  I was curious if this was going to be another Marvel's Avengers.
Im just gonna wait for it to go to like £20
Thought it would be a wait for sale. This screams of a gamepass game for me. Thanks for reviewing as always
We all know that at the end, we'll findout that Batman is kinda alive captured by the Owls...
Great looking footage.
looks like they got rid of the phys-x which is a bummer i loved that
Can you turn off enemy health bars? They really kill the immersion for me lol.
hey man i met the rocks stunt double hes a nice guy
NO ACTUAL WAY BW IS ACTUALLY DEAD
game looks complete ass tbh. But what killed it for me was the optimization on PC. some critic said on pcgamesn that they couldnt run it smoothly on goddamn RTX 3070 ON 1080P MEDIUM GODDAMN SETTINGS!!!!!!  The game doesnt even look amazing graphically either.
daym the "insurance scam" got me snorting coffee out of my nose at 8am. Almost died
Love how they canceled the last Gen versions, only to release the current Gen one only running at 30 fps.
Really hoped to get this on console to play with my friend. But no 60 fps mode is a deal breaker. Your review actually convinced me to grab it on PC though. Very solid work dude.
that random jab at the batman 2022 movie felt so silly lol
So it's a wait for a sale. Nice. I can spend time with Plague Tale Requiem and COD. Didn't have time for this shitty game anyway.
5:21 Unless you are in the Snyderverse or in other case, the Titans Universe.
@ 5:24 Redhood: He’s going to feel that in the morning.
God, the AI is just freakin terrible. Watching this video alone multiple times you could just see thugs hanging back while their buddies get the crap beat out of them. I played Arkham Asylum and Arkham City all the way through and stopped after an hour of Origins. I enjoyed being Batman and the first one but the novelty kinda wore off after that. This just looks like more of the same with a few more bells and whistles.
Great review ACG, your analogies brings review videos to life.
Even Batmans suit looks mediocre 😅
I there is an amazing game here. I think what they will do is pull a Breakpoint and give an option to turn off the leveling system. If people continue to mention it, I also think they will add a parry button to help with fluidity of combat.  If they also add a few more crime fighting scenarios, clean up inventory UI, and get that 60fps I think the game has a good future for itself.   Sometimes the idea of something is better than its execution so I look forward to seeing updates and changes that will inevitably come! Thanks ACG!
Karak's out here, yet again saving me 60 bucks
I’m getting it.  Always wanted a Robin game.  Sounds narratively pretty good. Huge plus that my kids can dig it.
This game looks pretty good and I'm excited to go out and grab it tomorrow, but GOD, the ONE thing that is going to drive me FREAKEN NUTS the entire time playing it is going to be their MISPRONUNCIATTION of Ra's Al Ghul. It was the daughter of batman writer Dennis O'Neil who asked one of her professors at UCLA about the pronunciation and who was told that it should be pronounced "Ray-sh", which is when Dennis O'Neil removed the Macron(ā) over the "a" from the name and started pronouncing it as "Ray-sh" which further influenced other writers to simply copy what he did. BUT that is mostly INCORRECT. The original name Rā's Al Ghūl is ARABIC and was written as such meaning "Head of the demon". In Arabic the name is spelled Rā's Al Ghūl, with the Macrons over both the "a" and the "u" to instruct people to extend the sounds of each letter, meaning that the ONLY CORRECT way to pronounce the name is "Ra-az", NOT "Ray-sh". The "Ray-sh" pronunciation was defended because of the close similarities the word has to the HEBREW word "Rosh", which also means head. This with the fact that the 20th letter of the Hebrew alphabet R or "Resh" is also pronounced "Ray-sh", and is a Hebrew cognate of the Arabic letter "Ra". Resh is connected to the word Rosh not only because Rosh starts with a Resh, but also because the Hebrew letter Resh is meant to physically represent a bowed head. So the Original Arabic name Rā's was substituted for the easier to say Hebrew form simply because the Arabic word reminded the writers of it. So when a Batman game, movie or TV show uses the pronunciation "Ray-sh", they are taking the word of some random UCLA professor over the actual language from which the name stems from and who in turn influenced writers who were more familiar with the Hebrew form of the name and decided to arbitrarily change it just because that's what someone else did. This is a hill I'm willing to die on, because It's WRONG and it just sounds DUMB. THE NAME IS "Ra-az" Al Ghūl", GET IT RIGHT.
Man I have to stop pre ordering games. Now I’m stuck with this trash on a next gen console. Smh
Fighting game at 30 fps?
This game looks like ass, especially compared to Arkham Knight. Hard pass for me.
Jesus Christ batgirl was saying “If only…” then transitioned directly to an ad about “<insert politician> continues to lead the fight for a woman’s right to choose…” Haha it would be funny if I won’t hear that same commercial 40 more times today.
I gotta see how the public received because I heard from beta testers that the combat is slow and repetitive
Everything about this game is a turn off imo. Nightwing’s fortnite glider, red hood’s mystic jump, the list goes on. This is such a disappointing, and honestly frustrating, follow up to one of the best super hero game sagas ever made.
We need a Batman game that has the feel and mood more like “The Batman.” Except with an actual good story and not written by a guy who thinks his script is better than it really is. Cause that movie was garbage. Being able to do covert missions as Bruce being in disguise to do some covert ops and getting info and using your playboy connections to get things done. We need something fresh and not just reskins.
Personally i love grinding in games, i never understood the hate for it. So to me this is a win and definitely getting the game
I want to play this game but I’m only on console and the 30 fps worries me
Looking forward to cooping this game with a friend on a deep PC sale in a year.
A deep deep sale.
You give a fuck. You actually dissect and breakdown your judgement. You remain genuine. This is why we are here sir. Keep it up. The transparency is valued over everything else.
A good Xmas gift
Thumbs up, always thumbs up.....
Reviews for this game have been crazy varied. I've seen people say it's an easy 7/10 if you love Batman and recognize this isn't an Arkham game. But then Gamespot gave it a 4/10 despite giving the piece of shit Saints Row remake a 6/10 lmao. Either way, I'm gonna get it cuz I love Red Hood and I wanna play a DC game
Karak - as always, amazing work. By far my favorite part was at 0:53 - "INSURANCE SCAM?" 🤣
Batgirl is hot!
30fps is unacceptable
30 fps is a hard pass for me.
Thank you for not relentlessly comparing this to Arkham.  Yes, it's a sequel. But so many other outlets compare them side by side, screen for screen, and they are just 2 different games in so many ways.  I always had hopes but never expected the world for this.
I'm gonna wait on this one. they're charging $70 on console for this but can't even get it to run at 60fps on next gen platforms. I'll pick it up when it's like $30, hopefully by then they'll have added a performance mode cause I'd rather have 60fps than useless raytracing.
Idk why every game has to be a looter game nowadays. Probably the mindset that if you don't play a game for a 100 hours then you wasted your money
There’s a sale of cdkeys where deluxe is 60 bucks if you want a sale
borderlands: barkham knight
this game is not pretty enough to be only running at 30 fps >.>
I was waiting for this game a lot but devs went all the wrong ways away from Arkham games for me. Great review! Helped me understand that It has all those things that I don’t like (grind, clunky repetitive fighting system, less focus on story, lack of polishing and so on)
30 fps on glorified dvd players hahaha eat smeg console plebs
It’s not an Arkham game so don’t expect it to be I don’t understand why people are complaining they said it would be different
Saw this coming a mile away. No block/counter option in combat was a dead giveaway this game would be a slog
Great review! Honest and not biased. Like some of the other shills I've seen today!!
I had no intention of getting this, and I still don't, but I have to say those visuals are nice. But not even the Akrham games (beyond Asylum) could keep my attention so I don't think a sea of B-tier heroes and villains are going to do any better.
Arkham Knight came out seven years ago and it looks better than this. Really puts into perspective just how talented and dedicated the people over at Rocksteady are.
Nope
Why do question marks come off the characters when hitting enemies?
Looks like the definition of MID, and as someone with increasingly less free time on their hands and tons of great games still to play, will pass on this. Loved the Arkkham trilogy and even enjoyed Origins quite a bit. Here is hoping Rocksteady knocks Suicide Squad outta the park. Thanks for the reviews as always ACG! Be well.
Awww but Arkham Knight(2014) literally looked like a next gen game. The cape physics alone.
Trash game is indeed trash.
FYI story spoilers in this review.
Something about this game looks to me like it was origionally intended to pick up the arkhamverse story line. If I were to speculate, they may have changed their plans after the less than stellar reveiws arkham knight received.
Glad you actually reviewed it unlike ign lol who just is never satisfied unless it’s flawless or band wagon.
I was actually looking forward to this. It's too bad the game sounds like a dud. Games been really disappointing lately
What a brilliant analogy: "like a king sized sheet on a single bed - no matter how comfortable it is, fitting is important" This is why I watch your reviews over anyone else.
30 fps kills me . I got too use to 60-120 on ps5, i can do the 120 to 60 but 60 to 30 is just bad
Hard pass for me
Why are you always walking slow with bat girl 💀💀. Lol jk. Thanks for the review, I’ll probably get it when it’s cheaper. The whole equipment stuff really turn me off
It looks better than Saints Row. That's good.
I feel like reviewers now always compare games or movies to something that's a perfect version of that form of entertainment that they are reviewing.   Example for Black Adam IGN review kept on comparing BA to Avengers Endgame or Avengers IW.....like why you're comparing a single movie to two movies who had a decade of story building them up and numerous movies.  Now this game is getting compared to Arkham games....it's trying to be its own thing. They removed the parry system from Arkham games and tried to build their own fighting system.  Going by all of the reviews and videos this game looks like a 6 or solid 7 out of 10. Not every game needs to be a 8 or 9 out of 10.
Looks lame.
I think I will give this one a miss!
Twelve seconds in and you've already made me laugh. You're a good dude, ACG. Thanks for the review!
why is absolutely no one talking about the lame uninspired hero designs and the almost up beat atmosphere? Looks like the exact opposite of what made the previous games so enjoyable.
I’m into it.
So what was the point of delaying the game the first time to increase ray tracing and hurt the fps?
Great review, knew this game was not going to be that great the moment we were first shown game play. The dumb AI enemies and the clunky looking combat still make this game a skip for me.
The characters all look a bit dead in the eyes..
All the generic Western open world game trends in one package, nice🤢
I really don't trust or watch any other reviewer. I also don't always agree with your opinions on certain games but what is awesome about you is that its still great to watch even if i really love a game you are tearing apart.  I preordered this based on the fact that the studio is brave to try something new in the formula instead of another Arkham Knight clone. I think stepping away from that was the right choice - as amazing as those games were. So i'm really excited to get into this. I'm sure over time it will grow on be and become a favorite in the same way those games did.
Why Robin looks like McLovin? 🤔
I really don't like the traversal Mechanic's for some of the characters. I like the grappling hook but the "Faze into a orb and teleport in mid air stuff?? WTF??"
Somebody should make a Superman game
Insurance scam LMAO love you for that ngl
My god the combat and the way the gear system works is such a turn off for me. I couldn't be less interested in this game at this point. The 30fps cap was reason enough but all of this other stuff is baffling.
Thank you
Why would I want to play a Batman game without playing as Batman?
Love the Batman world so this does look good. But atm I have a lot of games to play so I might just wait till it’s on sale. But gotta say the animation for some of the characters is beautiful
This would've been an easy buy at quieter release window but as it stands...well, SOMETHING was going to end up on the chopping block.
This is what you get when the lazy kid in class copies the homework from the smart kid who made spiderman
I want singleplayer Batman games Forever.
I’ll wait for 50% off and 60 fps update
Why does BatGirl look like a man?
Appreciate the review! Sadly my fate was sealed when the said nightwing was a main playable character. *sign* "Take my money..."
ign is always filled with toxic ppl and are too bias when giving reviews . even tho they gave this game a 5 , i don't trust any word that they say bcs they are too bias. Example when they rolled out a review for thymesia a soulslike game, ye u could tell the guy had no experience in that genre and wasn't remotely interested in the game and he gave a bad review. stop trusting reviewers unless its a trusted outlet that can voice there true opinions on the game
I dress up in a Batman suit and okay Airsoft and now every just calls me batman or bats. I LOVE your honest review. As I was watching more and more clips of play I kept wondering about the keys you touched on. And you confirmed what I thought. Keep up the amazing work bro ✊🏾
The answer is never touch this pile of steaming garbo.    We as gamers have allowed way to much garbage to come out and have allowed politics to take over the very thing we deemed sacred.   Games are an escape from the crap covered spoon we call the world, I'm done buying games until they start putting the gamers first.
Some of those lines are really cringy
I think the main reason people are lukewarm on this is that they're going in expecting another arkham. Expectations are everything.
Was thinking of getting this to tie me over till G.O.W but pricey for that amount of time and if the game isn't A* I'm not bothering wasting my money.  Plus hate grindy combat
Play Spider-Man Miles Morales instead.
I don't think I have the patience to plough through a 40+ hour grindy superhero game that still has the whiff of the Live Service model somewhere.
It is just me or the fact that every character has basically the same weapons a massive turn off? Like, you'd figure that each of them fighting differently and having different combos would keep things interesting enough to swap when you're bored, but instead it seems like you'd need to unlock the same combat skills for all of them individually?
This is basically Marvel's Avengers with the Bat-Family skin placed over it. Hard pass.
No one talks about how bad the voice acting is
I’ve always loved your reviews, even though I was gonna but the game anyways it was nice to hear honest bits about it. Unlike IGNs reviews (I don’t like ‘em anymore) you don’t just bash or praise a game it has a nice balance of both
Nice to hear a review that isn’t just negative after negative for the sake of complaining. A nice through review of the pros and cons. Excellent review!
I knew  this game was a waste of money and time.
The grind can be fixed with Wemod on PC. I'm excited
Never seen a game with such mixed reviews between trusted reviewers. That said, all reviews seem to agree the story is great in this game which is the singular reason I plan to buy this early instead of waiting. I HAD planned to sit this one out but given how all my trusted reviewers seem to agree the story is great, well... that is why I trust these three independent sites like this and I will end up buying it just because of that.  Edit: For those wondering, the three trusted sites I use are ACG, Gameranx and SkillUp. The commercial sites like IGN and so on, I never even give them the time of day.
Wait! Wait! You didn't answer the question you said you would answer in the beginning. Does Batgirl grease her back brace every night?? Don't leave me in suspense 😅
They shoulda made this a Teen Titans game
18:03 only 50lb? that's pathetic! :D
Ice cubes swim in their own blood. I woke up the wife with that one. Lol.
Down vote for the daytime Batman comment about the last film. You don't need to think you're a great writer to create game reviews. Just give feedback and keep your brilliant witticisms to yourself.
E-ZPass. unless it comes out on Xbox game pass I won't touch this.
imma wait til this is 20 bucks
The gameplay didn't impress me, but you're telling me that most of the skills unlocked are just stats increases? That's what gear is for. How the hell did they get that wrong?
It seems to be exactly what I expected. Nothing great, but not terrible. Basically, just meh. Something to mess around with while waiting for something else, like Suicide Squad, or Hogwarts Legacy.
This game looks so flat, blocky, and dull compared to previous Batman games.
So many games have disappointed me lately Saints Row Scorn etc.. hoping this one clicks with me cause I loved the Batman games
Feels like an unrecognizable bastard child of a Noble House.
I feel like a single player Batman Beyond game would've been way better
this is so much better of a review than IGN's
Did I miss what he recommended all I heard him say it not a bad game just don't rush out to get it lol
Great reviews. Would have loved your insight on the city though.
I watched 3 hours of the game and the story is solid and pretty interesting, but the combat is such a turn-off it just doesn't look fun to play, which is a shame.
WB Montreal should just rename themselves WB Mediocre
The previous games in the series though not very appealing to me, were much better than this is going to be. Every franchise and entertainment across the board has had its high and now low points for the last couple years; meaning basically theres more stinkers or average stuff and only a few gems or great creations here and there in games, film, etc. BUt maybe people will be surpsied, and there will be really great content, a cease in dlc releases and no pay walls or micro transactions. lol
That 30FPS killed any momentum for me
Thank you very much for a great detailed review on the game.  Your videos are so much better than IGNs and other channels I watch.  Once I heard about the frame rate drops and stale combat, I decided to wait on the game.  Not worth the full price I think.  Thanks again!
It looks kinda fun, but why waste your time with kinda fun when the Arkham games exist?
We need to name this series "before it unlocks" because I always buy then watch. But it's definitely a must to watch!
When is this man going to start his MASTERCLASS on reviews? Honest, spoiler-free, and informational minus the hyperbole. I like.
Another great review Karak!
With how bad the economy is nowadays, price of games going up, and my large backlog. My game purchases have dropped and with God of war coming in a couple weeks I'm gonna pass on this.
Can’t wait to get it Friday. So sick and tired of fps games and the lack of good games.
I feel like this game will be good  after a few months
If batman was killed and I lived in gotham I probably wouldn't be wandering the city at night. Lll
Good review. I think Skill Up was right to say that this game was meant to be a live service game but due to what happened with Marvel Avengers they did a mid development “hard pivot” and what we’re left with is an unhinged experience. Similar to how you described it. I cringe at how members of this dev team essentially blamed anything but themselves for the technical issues.
Such a bummer this and requiem are only hitting 30 on consoles. That to me is a massive selling point to a game and a big game breaker. I tried requiem and it just feels terrible at 30
I already knew the answer b4 watching the video . The combat design team are clueless.
You’re my favorite reviewer of games! Thank you! Keep it up!!👍
Did you know most of your vids are in 480p at best on phones ?. Dunno why, thought I'd mention it tho
It's funny that this is a surprise to anyone. I could've told you what that game was worth like 2 years ago when the first video dropped.
Low key the shots of Batman on that building at dawn in the movie looked beautiful tho lol
Last time i had a bad vibe about a game this strongly was Anthem
It's the avengers with a different set of characters.
Thank you ACG definitely going to wait for a sale on this one.
Hey it's marvel's avenge....gotham knights
Seems meh but I'm still calling it batman is 100% the final boss
It’s Arkham city without Batman. How the…?!
Sadly, this game gives me Marvel Avengers feelings and I don't like it.
I returned this game the moment I saw it’s GameSpot rating.
30FPS = hard pass, I would get it if it could manage 60.
Teen Titans is a thing if people remember the cartoon on Cartoon Network. While this isn’t Teen Titans, think it’s the closest we have so far for being able to play multiple characters in the line up of younger heroes.
Wow the animations for these characters are amazing.
This game could have been amazing but it turned out mediocre and repetitive thanks for the review ACG!!!
Really appreciate the review. Always the one I turn to even when I think I’ll hate a game. You made me rethink this one a bit. I’m a diehard Batman fan wasn’t going to touch this with a 10ft pole but maybe I’ll wait for a sale now. Keep it up!
The combat looks fun and different from most games we get, but definitely a sale for me.
Without Batman, zero chance to buy this game for me.
I’m so happy I’m not a spoiled PC nerd worrying about 30FPS.
after the rubbish called Batman: origins ill never buy a wb montreal game ever again.
I always knew I would wait for your review before purchasing or not purchasing this game. Thanks for everything!
Bummed the game sucks...I really wanted this to prove me wrong =( ..... awesome review as alaways!
Nah nah cuz I got to play this morning I was fortunate to get early access. PEOPLE HAVE LESS THEN 24 HOURS TOO CANCEL PRE-ORDERS THIS GAME BELONGS IN THE SHITTER
I think the main criticism comes from comparing the game to arkham games which i think isnt fair considering that theyre not connected in any way shape or form
They should have made a batman beyond game I loved the series when I was a kid
Great review and I've no doubt Elias Toufexis nails Penguin but the rest of em sound soooo....bad.
@acg would you compare this to the division at all? I really enjoyed that single player grind.. thx
Its almost painful to see the frame rate stutters during combat.
I really hate the guy who always talks about woke stuff, but why did they make a character have guns and not able to kill people?.. are we really that insecure as a society
just wait until Sale. I wish Rocksteady made another Batman game..
We waited ten years for the company that made origins a criminally underrated game to make a sequel or some new Batman thing and for a decade later this be what we got is just sad.
Nothing said about the world?
There is no Batman game without Batman. Period.
This game is an 6/7, but saying this is a 4??? While cod gets 8’s and 9’s… Great review as always!
There's NO excuse not to have a Performance mode on the next gen consoles!
Great review definitely grabbing 😊
I feel like I've played this exact game like 5-6+ times already in the past decade
30 fps lmao
30fps.  Soft combat.  No Batman.  Hard pass.
I lost my interest when i found out the makers are not the arkham creators smh
I've been on the fence with this one, and yeah this pretty much confirms what I was worried about.  I'll save my money for Sonic or God of War
Graphics look pretty good in this game capture
Ever get the feeling you're being fed the same old shit year after year? They know superhero fans are the biggest suckers of all. 30fps on 9th gen? C'mon.
Ngl I’m just gonna play the game so I can play Red Hood. I’m not asking for much from this game.
30 fps in 2022? No, thank you. It's a damn action game, I refuse to belive anyone can enjoy that. And it's not even a stable 30 fps!
Sounds boring. I'll give it a miss. Until on a massive sale is on in probably 6 months.
Definitely will wait for a sale and get it on my ps5, looks good just not excited about it being locked at 30fps
40 dollar game
the only reviewer i trust, for me this is a skip so much appreciated for saving me £44!.
Really good review but you're speaking so fast. Feels like you're jumping from point to point and hard to know when you're complimenting versus criticizing the game at times
Karak reviews Gotham Knights? I need to see this one!!!
Thanks for the information and I will most definitely be waiting to see where this game goes before buying it. I really appreciate you saving me both my time and money on this game.  Hopefully it will get better as the updates come and hopefully the price will drop as well.
Buy
This is a hard pass ..maybe when its $20 and patched 60fps....just looks boring
Do you have plans to review the new Tales of the Borderlands game?
Arkham knight still looks great, this looks like crap.
And here I though this was just going to be a low effort cash grab trying to ride off the success of the Arkham series. Going to have to wishlist this and check it out in a year or two
Sounds like it's good, but could've been much better.  I've been on the fence about this one, but really, it doesn't matter because I don't have an XSX, PS5, or good enough PC.
I’m still interested but I appreciate your perspective.  I really like beat ‘em ups games so I imagine the core loop wouldn’t get as stale for me. Looking forward to the weekend when I’ll have some time off for this one
It really feels like this game was originally live service bs, but after Avengers bit the bullet WB retooled what they had to avoid killing what hype remained
I wished we got Arkham Insurgency instead. Seems like a 35 dollar or less game
Batman stuff without Batman usually isn't that good, and you're always wondering "where's Batman?"
Bring back the Batman
Please review Star Ocean: Divine Force
I forgot how bad the UI looked until I watched this. Looks worse than any mobile game in that aspect
I like the review, you could have maybe dialed down the spoilers on the video background but
This just isn't enough in a post Spider-Man/Miles Morales landscape. That dialogue is terrible and that UI gave me cataracts. Still, Gotham does look gorgeous. I'll wait til this hits the bargain bin, which won't take long.
I’ve stopped gaming completely for about 6 months now for the first time in my life. I have never seen, in my 41 years, a period of gaming as crappy as it has been for the last couple of years. I thought this game was going to pull me back in, but NOPE! We live in strange times indeed.
Even if this was getting rave reviews, it's still the type of game I'd wait for a sale to get. Still, it's nice to hear it isn't a dud, even with it's issues. Cheers Karak.
Remember folks, nothing says that you must buy a game on day one.  Unless the devs state otherwise, it's the same experience you get on day one that you'll get if you buy it on day fifteen or day sixty; just a lower cost.
I'm going to play Arkham Knight for the first time instead. I missed that one.
Just wait a year. This game will Be available for purchase for $30. Just watch
It’s too bad they didn’t include Azreal.
So essentially the dc version of marvels avengers
I was already thinking of getting this on sale like a year later after its release. This just confirms my suspicions as to how the game was going to turn out. Thanks. MMO-lite bullet/hit sponge enemies and pumping stat boosts is not a good fit for brawler type games like this. Not every game needs the ''rpg elements''.
I'm just not interested in a Batman game without Batman. If he wasn't really dead I could even forgive them a very poor optimisation and graphics.
It's kinda poetic that the biggest hurdle this game has to overcome is the expectations of its predecessor. Literally living in the shadow of the Bat
They also ripped out the 4 player coop because they obviously could not get the game to run well. Putting it back in later
Still gonna buy it and play it myself. Thanks for always hating ACG
They made it a live service POS with some light rpg elements just slapped on with items/clothing stats
C-A-L-L-E-D I-T.  Superhero, level gating, gear stats do not, can not and will not mix well with each other. Imagine playing a Superman game, and you have to grind to get heat vision, you have to level up to fly faster and you have to get gear to boost your stat. When will people understand that lol ? We are talking about Red Hood, Nightwing and shit, not some wannabe-Batman-fanboy who tries to take his place lol.
I just wanted a new Batman game with a costume and car from The Batman.
Yes Batman is dead. But he comes back to life 😉 Great review btw 👍I agreed with literally every point you made.
I want to try this but yeah I'll wait for a sale or better yet as a freebie on the Epic Game store in 2 years. ;) Thanks for the review!
Definitely not my type of game without batman nobody wants to play second stringers....imma pass
I don't understand how this game could be getting scored so low by mainstream outlets, based on what I'm seeing here. I wasn't remotely excited for this game, and I still don't think that I will buy it, but this is not a 5 out of 10 game from what I'm seeing here.
I just wish this was 60fps anything less hurts my eyes
I’m on the fence…  But I’m definitely waiting for a sale. Game looks like a good $40
Major Lol at 5:20 😂
The UI is so mobile-y it's hilarious. Look at the size of the fonts. It's like the designers went into "well there's really nothing to fill the screen with so let's just go bigger"
So, Walmart is selling this game early. Just saw a bunch of them at Walmart yesterday. Thought that was weird lol.
They made a huge mistake by not making this part of the Arkham universe.  This absolutely should have continued after Arkham Knight.
I expect this to be in psplus or gamepass in a year or so. I'll wait.
It would have killed them to give us a damian wayne batman arkham game ?!
Guess people didn't learn from ghost recon gear system. Smh
this game reminds me of marvel avengers
That 30 fps lock makes the game a hard pass for me.
Rocksteady's Suicide Squad better learn from this and Avengers!
About what percentage would you recommend us getting this on sale, I got a coupon for a 20% discount
So, just as expected, its shadow of war, but batman.  Ngl, itd better than I expected, I tought it was going to be way more "mmoish" like Avenger, with a way more shallow gameplay and more grindy loot
does the game have LGTBQ representation? want to play as gay Robin and transexual Nightwing.
The lighting in this game is terrible
Its good to see someone seeing this as a standalone game. Good pros and cons
Well, it was a much more positive review than I expected to be honest. Maybe they should have removed a character or 2 to make what remains more unique in terms of skills.
Been looking forward to this 1 hard pass on my end, I'll maybe get it on a deep sale
I bought this on steam because it’s 27 bucks for Georgian people
Does the game start off with 'Batman was dead to begin with' ala A Christmas Carol?
Woah, that voice acting/delivery was bad. I'm not sure how to describe it, but it felt like two random strangers talking to each other instead of crime fighting partners that have known each other for years.
i knew it  this is mediocre game
If they don't flesh out rehoods story then it's a trash game. Redhood is underrated and underused he needs to be in both a movie and a game so this is dope but like I said if they don't flesh out red hoods story then why they'd put him in this game?
Wb montreal is so bad
The biggest disappointment of new consoles has been lack of optimized games, i have both gamepass and playstation plus and literally half the games are locked at 30FPS, now even the new comes coming out at 30FPS? do they seriously plan on selling any copies? 30FPS on Series X with a TV bigger than 50inch is literally unplayable.
Wish there weren't so many spoilers in the footage. Love your reviews but kinda prevents me wanting to watch them before I purchase the game.
Great review as always Karak, that's a ton of information. I'm going into the game with open eyes with the good and the bad, but I'm pretty sure that I'm going to enjoy this. I'm starved for a DC game. I'm glad I'm getting it on PC for the extra frames too!
yeah I didn't wait a year and pay 600 for a series x to play anything at 30 fps in 2022/2023. Hard pass.
So u wanted to spoil the whole game foh
>Spends 500 dollars on a Series X Games company: yeah so its gonna be 30fps on that
They should have just made batman beyond and have unlockable suits that provide different skills/abilities like the old toys.
It’s all about artificial gameplay time just to add hours. Keep people playing. Keep them addicted to the flashing colors. Add no substance or any actual fun whatsoever.
Was really looking forward to this game, looks like Rocksteady should be the only studio making Batman games
is he really dead or is it one of those..."hey I was actually alive but I needed to stay undercover" kind of stories
I'm still getting it because it's been a min sense we had a DC game. Guardians of the galaxy was marvels game last year so Gotham knights is DC game this year.
If this had a few more years, could’ve hit harder , as it is, I’m not really wowed enough for a full price. Love the series, but it comes off a little clunky.
Appreciate your honest opinion on this. Seems like comments on the grind and combat has been fairly consistent across reviews, but this is kind of what I like so I'm getting this on Friday lol
My only question: is Gotham Knights better than Avengers? lol
Do you think this game will get the inevitable performance patch 6 months down the line?
Idk about u guys but this game looks like it can run on last gen consoles. The graphical fidelity isn't that impressive
Looks fun but for like a couple hours. I'll wait until it's on sale or free.
"One criminal who pretends he's good- Red Hood" LOL XD
If it can't run at least 60 fps then maybe consoles should stop trying to push graphics and accept it can't handle it, I don't see how 30fps is acceptable. Overall it seems pretty decent, I'll pick it up on steam and give it a try
awesome review as usual much appreciated i will be skipping this one (arkham city was the best) after that all reskins
ugh gd va's sucks .. th happened to GOOD VA's .. PAY THESES PEOPLE PROPER WAGES..
Honestly, the 30 fps lock on current gen consoles completely killed all interest in this game for me. Don’t even get me started on the fact that the deluxe edition is cheaper on PC too. All in all I’m pretty disappointed.  Not by the video though: once again you provided an amazing review. You’re honestly the only reviewer I trust to provide reliable content. Keep it up man.
if a game like Spiderman on PS can run  at 60 with ray tracing while having much higher npc density..   no excuse for the 30fps.
From the trailers alone, the combat looked off and slow. And the 30fps cap on next gen is also a red flag.
I'm a massive fan of red hood he definitely deserves his own movie but I'm still not sure how I feel about playing a batman game without Batman
EVERYONE IS A CRITIC.
Come on guys , this was so predictible
In the past a new hero game always was a must-have for me, being a old comic book fan, but today's standards of both big publishers, eviscerating their characters in a nonsense way, and the massification of gameplay, helped to halt my desire for these kind of things...  Good old days of a Punisher, X-Men Legends, Justice League, Batman Begins, most Spider-Man games of PS1/2/360 era, through Wolverine Origins and the Arkham franchise, these games was fun to play, without a boring "adept to modern days standards" story and need of grind loot everywhere...  And after seeing this great review (and I thanks to you for that, Karak) I can sadly state this game cannot be a motive to change my behavior...
We need to remember that this game at first it’s gonna be a Live Service one and after the disaster with Avengers they scrap a ton of it out and make this mess.   For me super heroes games are boring mainly because they are exploiting the theme like in the movie scene now a days and what make it worse it’s that they evenly use the same genre: Open World… so for me was a big Next
Gotham Midnights
PMSL, the I'm proud of you cut - amazing. Great video as per
haha, the shade on red hood 🤣
Is red hood killing people. No but I bet some moders will fix that at some point
Won't be picking this up, probably even on sale. Looked terrible from the beginning, looks terrible now. 100% was a live-service, that had to avert course.
So does lessening the difficulty make the enemies less tanky? I prefer enemies to go down quicker for a more cinematic experience
Putting a Dick in right from the start is definitely gonna get you demonetised :D
Well, wait for sale was my expectation for this. They really need to stop padding these games, or when they do they need to nail the loot/gear system (while having decent combat).
The whole time I was following this game I couldnt shake the feeling that it looks and feels exactly like Marvels Avengers, just like a deja vu.
Let's be honest, if the developers really cared about their game, they would have given an option to play this at 60 FPS. Combat just feels so much better at 60 than 30.
Maybe when this game drops to 40 or less on black friday,, but im more excited about Calistico Protocol.
ACG is the only reviewer I trust! Great review, preordered and ready to try it myself later on tonight!
Buy in 3 years when you can find it in a budget bin because you need filler until the next long awaited big triple A title hits.
I understand people want lived in feeling world but like is America always buzzing because here in aus at like 8 am everyone is at home with the exception  of like maybe friday. Keep in mind gotham is crazy violent and there's so many criminals, id never leave my house at night unless i had too.
The gameplay is not as bad as I was expecting but is still not great, the story well let's just say that everything goes downhill very quickly from half the game.
6:22 This completely takes me out of the game as it has nothing to do with Gotham. Why not just make the base customizable if you're going to add random things?
IDK... this just reminds me of a better looking version of DC Universe Online.
Very fair review. Well done
At least the characters are attractive. Most Western devs make them ugly on purpose nowadays.
I checked out on the 30 FPS. I don't care about the reason of co-op, I will only play it solo anyway
I'm personally going to wait for either a sale, or an annoucement of a performance mode being added. I'd take 60fps over RTX personally and honestly a peformance mode should be a feature by default in every triple A release.
**tries to shake acg and end up doing sideways pullups** Why did you personally make this game this way! Reee
Catwoman crawling upside down the ceiling... nice
Do you have to grind a lot to unlock the traversal method for each character ?
This game had mediocre written all over it from the start, and it has frame pacing issues on all consoles. I'll be putting my money towards God of War Ragnarok, just gotta make sure I have 84gb of space free for it.
Have to agree with the comments that question a batmanless batman game.   Why not write it in a way where you get new characters, experiences and options, but keep the main draw?
YEa Your Reviews Save a lotta money man ~ i truly Adore the way u review game ACG
I see clipping in animation 😮….I smell an exploit coming
Gotham 11-17fps knights lol
If you can't do AI then at least script it so it feels real. Games like F.E.A.R had some gimmicks that made it really convincing.
The system requirements are pure garbage.
Sadly since WB decided to put Denuvo into the PC version I won't be playing this.  Oh well, at least they are saving me $60 to spend on some other game that doesn't come bundled with malware.
5 years in development.   Seems like they just smoked bud all day
They still charging that extra $10 for 30 fps cant make this sh!t up clowns.
I've seen this on almost every review. My question to you. If you lived in the most Crime ridden city and people like Killer croc, Mr freeze, Harley, and they have gangs you think your ass is going to be out in the street at night knowing this going on? Of course there will be people who dont care and people who got no where to go. But I'm pretty sure you would take your own life in account when you choose to go out at night. So again Why would there people alot of people at night if the city is heavily crime ridden and its not like this place has good areas where there can be people. Most people would hurry place to place and keep off the street the best they can. You either are one of the gang or your a body in and alley.
Thank you so much! I just got Arkham Asylum and Knight for $3 on the PSN store.
Nobody noticed Robin cutting the throat of the enemy during takedown @ 7:29?
Question for my fellow gamers, which character are you gonna use? I’m having a hard time picking.
It having a co-op focus I wish it was on gamepass
It's 49$ on gmg. I'm okay with that price. I have a 3090ti, so I'm not worried about performance.
Watched the IGN review, then watched them play the first 25 minutes and figured their review was not exactly on the level. I should have remembered you do such great work on properly breaking the games down and giving a fair and balanced opinion. I went from devastated to hopeful that given a sale and some patching that I will be picking this up and enjoying it. Thanks for your hard work mate.
I mean when they said they were making a new arkham game marketed to batman fans, without batman... the writing was on the wall before the first screenshots were even released. And the tacticool style shows they are out of touch, it never had a chance
@ACG have you played Inscryption?? Would you recommend?
Seems like another Marvel Avengers situation. Hasn't anyone learned from the team that did Guardians that, THAT'S how you make a great, albeit, repetitive combat, game.
There's no chance I'd ever buy a $70 game for PS5 that doesn't include a performance mode. If Horizon FW can do 60fps while looking insanely gorgeous I see no excuse for Gotham. At the very least why not go for 60fps on single-player?  Btw, I love The Callisto Protocol's subtle dig-- "We would love to inform you all that we will be shipping globally on December 2nd. And yes, we'll have a 60 FPS performance mode."
I swear that for the first six minutes I felt like u were taking about the most amazing game and premise, but unfortunately, like the game itself, more and more negatives started to creep in and in the end were left with turdtown.   Wanted to like this one cuz I love rocksteady but this is a skip for me unless dlc somehow saves it. They should stop beating around the bush and just give us more Batman!
Also numbers above their heads in a super hero game🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Hilariously dumb but as I have always said, it was built with monetisation in mind but they had to reverse all that BS because of Avengers and the flop that was! The monetisation clues in this trash are everywhere! They can stick this trash in the greedy mf'ing publishers arse-hole's cos I wouldn't support this dogshit when there is so many amazing games on the way! I will give them a tenna for it one day when price drops massively!
It’ll hold me over till God of War
This game has looked mediocre at best since the very first reveals
I'm gonna buy it. Then again, I will co-op it with my wife!
Really only interested in Batgirl... good to hear the game is fun.
It SOOOOO sad to hear that Batman is "dead."   I'm TOTALLY sure that it's "for real" this time. 😐😑😐
30fps is a thing of the past. What a shame
I had low expectations and I'm not surprised. That's a bummer though as it could be another decade for another Batman game.
How are we in 2022 with such amazing technology and next gen consoles and we can't get 60fps?
This honestly looks terrible. The decision to lock it at 30 fps on consoles is beyond insane.
Most consistent and intelligent review Chanel out. Seriously this is a truly comprehensive review.
Hey ACG, do you think you'll be doing a review for the upcoming Star Ocean game?
This year I was really only interested in Saints Row and Gotham Knights and it hurts that both of them turned out to be so average and below. This year has been pretty "meh" in general, sure Elden Ring was great but that was pretty much expected, same with Horizon FW but outside of those I'm just left thinking "good grief, charlie brown".
The game is utter crap
Killing Batman is like killing solid snake
#DontCareAboutBadRatingsStillKeepingAnOpenMindClub
Think I agree with most people here, best reviewer in the biz. 👏 Great work.
Great review dude. Funny how I skipped right over IGN's review at the top of the search results and went straight to this
30 fps what is this 2006?
So it’s wait a few patches and get it?
Great review, highlighting the positive with the negatives. Seems like i might be in the minority that likes this. I just always was a fan of the Bat family. So its a buy for me.
looks like we need Rocksteady to strike again with Suicide Squad
I really loved the Batman games, but after the first one, they seem like reskins of the same thing. I was hoping this would be different, but it seems that it's another reskin(ish.) Thank you ACG, your reviews are always top notch.
Hmm. They did Batgirl thicc and right. Count me in for this one.
So the game is kind of fun, but not (here in the UK), £65 kind of fun. Will wait for a deep deep sale.  Cheers for your always good reviews.
Combat is terrible. Nuff said
Was really looking forward to this game.....this was expected though
meh i have no desire to play a batman game with no batman maybe if it had a good story which clearly this does not
Good review. I was hoping this game was at least good. Was really hoping it wouldn’t just be another avengers. I might pick this up tomorrow. We’ll see.
Oh no batman is dead!  **Cue in the Lazarus pit**
A super hero and u have to scrounge gear off the floor is some of the dumbest shit in any super hero game yet! I believe this game was gonna be made with making as much money as these greedy Mf's could get, then, once they seen The Avengers flop big-time they thought twice and realised it was a bad idea to make a virtual shop front in disguise as a super hero game! But then they had to do alot of work to back peddle all that BS out the game, that is why u pick trash up off the floor! That will be something we will find out one day but all I definitely know is I won't be buying this trash until I can buy it for a tenna! Ain't interested in this what so eva and that is mad because I loved all the Batman games but as i said, I think greed got in the way as usual, then they saw Avengers and had to back peddle all that greed out but u can still see its DNA in this game! Such a-shame
It seems like DC saw what happened to Avengers and tried desperately to course correct with some degree of success. Still seems a bit meh. If it shows up on gamepass eventually I'll probably try it out (unlike Avengers)
Still really looking forward to this.  Its the first game my Girlfriend ever pre-ordered and bought it for us both so we can Co-op the entire game.
They got co-op, why not 4 player co-op xF
I’ll grab it. Was looking forward to this game. It looks promising from a DLC perspective.
So like I thought the game  was not totally finished yet got released anyway? Could've at least added more playable characters into the game and got it  running at 60 fps. Will be waiting for a big sale on this one.
This looks terrible...
kinda looks like that DC game but for batman sidekicks.
Wait til its 19.99
I just wanna play as batman
I'll play it for free on game pass in a few months. Thank god for game pass!
The fact that you can't parry on a melee focus game is weird.
ACG, man I've been waiting for your review. I've been waiting for GK with my buddy but I kept telling him I'm waiting to hear ur thoughts on it. I might just get it anyways full price since were buds.
The devil's we no sadly.
How is it that IGNs review is more critical than yours?
Its sad for me that as a massive Arkham series fan i have 0 interest in this game whatsoever. it feels like everything they improved and worked on over the trilogy was just thrown out the window wih this and we are back somewhere pre Asylum.
Batman looked just fine in the daytime in the movie...
"...and you experience this right from the STARTING". Wow. Great grammar from a grown man whose only job is to write reviews. Its scary how bad grown adults butcher the English language.
Best reviews in the business right here
I dont understand why they dont call Spider-man or Captain America. Anyway who cares? No Vr no care. This ain't 1996 grandpa
You're a good reviewer, but I wish you would hurry up and get a little more tired of generic gameplay elements in general. You're extremely forgiving.
I fell for Avengers, not this time! Bargain Bin!
30 fps locked on consoles AND absurd PC requirements screams "rushed and poorly optimized", especially since it doesn't look that amazing compared to PS5 titles...
Ow trust me it is an online game it's just hidden in the back round.
but people would pay for a $70 god of war dlc :)
Exactly what I expected. Can't wait to play
I just want my girl Barbara to be in any good media outside of the comics...
Is this game locked 30FPS at 2022??
Given everything I've heard from other reviewers, a better review than I expected. And I trust you more than most. Might pick it up after all.
Gives off woke vibes. Won't touch with ten foot pole.
This city looks awful.
wait for the christmas steam sale...
Yep don’t trust all the click bait youtubers saying “THIS GAME IS AMAZING”
I preordered the Collectors edition for PS5, but I think I’m going to predominantly play it on my PC. Bc 30fps isn’t so great. I may  cancel the collectors bc it won’t be here on the 21st anyway.. or just wait like you said.
I’m Waite till Black Friday
Locked to 30fps and ray tracing is questionable. I don’t care about raytracing. I want more frames. 60 should be the absolute minimum for the latest consoles. Maybe if it’s a slow paced puzzler 30 FPS could be fine, but fast paced action 30 is completely unacceptable.
Been excited for this game since day 1. Don’t care for 60fps. Buy for me and worth the pennies
If I'm honest I haven't had much interest in this since I saw that you loot defeated criminals. Thematically it just feels wrong. Dirty cops are the one who take things off of criminals, heros shouldn't do that. Changes your whole gameplay mentality. You even mention the mentality shift In the review. How x gangs drop x loot and if you want to craft a specific suit you'd target them more. The game design encourages you to play in an un heroic way. Would be fine if it was a punisher game or red hood when he still killed people one. Should have taken more lessons from the previous arkham games, or the spider man games.
I'm proud of you, ACG.    dick
it really comes down to the frame rate for me, i think 70 dollars for a AAA game locked at 30fps is a little much
When you are broke and see these games flop it’s less depressing than pre ordering these games and see reviewers destroy them like that 😂 Two down Two more to go
Dc has a curse on them frfr black Adam lol now this I’m stick with marvel at least they do justice you get league lol damn drop the ball again dc and I’m Batman frfr
I'll wait for a sale and a 60 fps update
How did you not expect this? 🙄
Man I really want to buy this game but the 30fps only feature is a deal breaker for me. I really hope they add a patch for 60fps at some point as I'll buy the game as soon as it gets a next gen patch.
The title says "Wasn't expecting this", out of curiosity what do you mean by this?
Amazing I got next gen to plan at 30fps pathetic
Well spoken review again my friend! As a huge Batman fan and person whose been waiting for an open world I know I’m sold, but we need to get rid of this “end game” “loot” mentality in every game because it can actually make fun games not as fun. Learn from avengers lol, but serious Gotham knights looks fun I’d say😊
I feel like this game has gotten a terrible reputation before people even played it. People heard 30 fps and shunned the game immediately. People have to stop getting riled up because a YouTuber they watched said 30 FPS was bad
Sorry  i was hyped for this game but after i heard about the 30fps lock on consoles, im avoiding it until they fix that. Having 30fps on a next gen only title and having it locked to 30fps is absolutely criminal and totally not on. Dont care who the developer is.
Very fair and intricate review as always! I'm still interested in this and plan to buy it today for launch! Sounds right up my alley.
I was a big fan of Batman under the red hood, and hoping to play red hood. But they did my boi dirty, make him look old and big af. He is younger than nightwing!!!!!!!
4:55 they lost me with this bs
No sain person with a PS5 will never buy that game
How the hell do you have 30 fps on next gen consoles also this looks worse then Arkham asylum holy crap
so...this could've been an excellent teenage mutant ninja turtles game? :D (it's just a spiderman/batman clone...too bad)
This game looked underwhelming from day 1
I hear a lot positives. 30fps dumb AI and spongy enemies on hard doesn’t bother me.
They should just unlock the game and let us play this junk 😒 😤 I regret pre ordering for 98 freaking bucks 😤
I fully expect the writing, story, and dialogue to be terrible based on the small clips shown and who we know worked on the project. That combined with the grindyness and poor console performance means a hard pass for me
Never been interested in superhero crap
Your review>IGNs “review”. You were fair, honest, and gave the game credit. Props to you. I have had this pre ordered for awhile and I’m still looking forward to it 👍🏻
Unbalanced A.I and 30fps. I'll wait till it's on Gamepass...
Excellent review, as always. Does it look like the characters are kind of floating on the ground, to anyone else? Something is off with how they meet the ground and walk.
Fantastic review, talking about what makes this game the experience it is. Will you do an updated review once the co-op comes out?
so.. wait for the new Spiderman in November then
Can you walkabouts  in the day
I like to skip to the end for the verdict in these videos, then go to the very beginning and watch the whole thing, always great reviews
Man, I really really love the Batman games and the universe, and seeing that this isn't a total flop I'm more tempted than I was previously. It also looks fantastic in this review of yours. Might just check it out to scratch that itch...  Mixed feelings on the loot things, and the Batman games did have skills and such, easy to forget with nostalgia goggles on.  Thanks for the review as always!  PS I hope this runs better than A Plague Tale Requiem lol
A deep deep deep sale for me. Appreciate the great review ACG. Enjoy the gaming all. Peace ✌️
i really don't like the combat here (or at least how it looks)
30 fps on consoles, i can't believe it, do they know it's an action game? I mean, they made it, don't they know how much better an action game is at 60 fps? I was getting this day one on PS5, but now, knowing is at 30, I'm out.  And it doesn't matter if a 60 fps patch comes down the line, it'll be too late then.
Can tell that Robin was your favorite character…   But over Nightwing bruh?
So basically Gotham Avengers
ACG Honesty is our middle name. Another great review. I'll stil probably buy it since... I'm Batman.
I doubt batman's dead. I'm kinda betting they follow the bad blood story line and bruce is either missing or faked his death. Rocksteadys suicide squad is looking like the superior experience anyways.
The itemization of gear with levels is such a hard turnoff for me.
Thanks for the review ACG. It looks good and probably will get this on a sale whenever I cop a PS5 or Series X down the line.
Xbox game sharing has this on sale for me ( split cost with my brother) so I guess I’ll be playing tomorrow 😁
Thanks for this review.  Really appreciate your thoughts on games that I am on the fence about.  You're doing the work of the people, Karak!
Sounds like a filler title. I always think that games where you fight multiple super heroes there is a lot lost of connection with the hero and also a dumbing down in depth. I'll wait for Spider-man 2 and Wolverine to dive into the super hero genre or will try it when it hit eventually PS Plus.
Mediocre. As expected.
How does it run so far on pc
Not worth being next gen only with a premium price tag is $70.  This could have been cross gen this is an insult
You know a IP is so strong and vital to a company that they Kill it/don't use it just so it doesn't get missused or tainted
Told everyone this was trsdh
the moment they add 60 FPS to consoles, i'll buy it as it seems like something i'd enjoy
I don't care what anyone says I'm still buying my ps5 physical version preorderd tomorrow. At the Gamestop I shop at. I judge a game I'm interested in by actually playing it. It's different listening to someone talking about a game than actually playing it which some people will never understand.
Nearly purchased a Ps5 for this 😂 Phew!
*INSURANCE SCAM?*  hilarious 😂
Starting to notice the trend that games are gradually starting to become $69.99. Waiting on this and pay less on it. With the pre-order you’re really not getting anything amazing.
Since my pc can't run it and i don't have a series X yet.  This is definitely a wait for a sale for me . still though. The game never had a day one buy vibe. the fact that was designed to be a live service meant it was built to be combat immersive instead of comicbook immersive. meaning acting as a Gotham Knight was secondary to fighting as a Gotham Knight.   And lol they added Trash Bi Tim Drake gross
Great review, I  was rooting for this game.
The night missions mechanic is the actualization of “I heard all you bat boys turn into pumpkins during the day.”  I do wish they’d expand on the night and day mechanic. For example having to lead a double life and focus on lifestyle RPG skills during the day that help at night or doing investigations during the day in their civilian identities to move a case forward. Something akin to persona 5 would be so fantastic with costumed heroes.
Gotham is a king sheet on a single bed.. 👌🏾 I like that ACG
Great review but feels like it ended a bit half-way? Unless I missed it (obviously can't spoil) you didn't talk about the main story at all? Is it good? That's the main reason im here for this game. You seemed very clear about every other aspect, and also not sure what the W.T.F part was for you? Was it worse or better than expected or was the grind the W.T.F part?
Depending on bat girl... Oh hell no. Depending on women always ends up badly lol
Sounds like marvel avengers 2.0 W/ Batman theme
seems like you enjoy it a lot more than SkillUp did, interesting
Good review. Not for me. Arkham Knight will prob always be my fav.
I Dunno about this game. everybody praised spiderman, but the game turned out to be shallow and not challenging enough on hard (for me). not saying the game(spiderman) is bad but it is clearly targeted and more suited for kids and teenagers (and im 30)
Looks fun maybe i get it for pc
Great review. I’ve been in the fence with this one. Lots of potentially really good games on the horizon, so I’m ok to wait for a sale here.
That 30 fps is so jarring even 40 fps is better. I don't get why they choose to do this ....imma pass till they fix it
Turdy FPS
Actually AI has got worse , imho not just stayed the same  , one theory I heard is AI programmers are now too valuable to work on games they make tons of money in data processing
I’m picking Tim Drake
Good review, but would have liked to see how the co-op dynamic played into the whole game. How does combat feel with two players, story missions, exploration, etc.
Batgirl is the way to go but i have one question? Can it run on steam deck?
Excellent review as always. No hyperbole, no fat, just exactly what actual consumers are interested in learning.
So fed up of games like this, rinse and repeat. Bought a ps5 upon release and nothing has blown me away yet. Not bought a game for months now. Not bothered if the graphics are worse, please take me back to the 80's 90's when games were original and stimulating.
I don't like games with an ensemble cast with either , it's too defuse , I like one character, aka batman , maybe a bit of Catwoman or  Robin, tbh rather not
30 FPS lol what a joke
Console gamers still going strong at 20fps in late 2022 🤣😂
It sucks for us who don't have a PC or can't afford a PS5..... And they led on for so long that thiis would be on PS4, and 5.... Really bites..... Great review tho man. Your the guy to watch
Why does no one look like they did in Arkham Knight?  All the faces and character models are different.  This is a direct sequel right?    Also, all these different suit designs and the one I don't see?  The suits from the Arkham games which look better than any suit shown in the footage here.  This is a direct sequel right?   I really want to be excited for this game, but there are some massive red flags that have me very concerned.   Also, someone give Barbara and Tim a sandwich, they look like they've been on hunger strike since the release was delayed.
Wheres batman? I don't give a shit about those characters
Dang... so glad this is on PC also. 30FPS is a moodkiller like nothing else.  But no time to play it... got plague tale, Scorn AND Uncharted pack to get through.  Good times!
I was always going to get this game just didn't feel like it was a 70.00 Launch Day pickup. Will likely see it on Black Friday for around $35.00.
Can't put my finger on it but this game just looks awful. Like it's only half finished and was entirely put together by a team without an art director.
Series X locked at 30fps? Huge thumbs down if that's true. If 60fps isn't added I will only play it if it end up on gamepass
I just wanted a bigger 60fps batman game with the world feeling more alive than the Arkham games, this game looks empty and dead compared to those games.
this looks like a shitty live service game
0:03 "Does Batgirl have to grease up her back brace every night" oof
I'll just wait for the black f iday sale next month. I'd get this for 30 maybe 40 but 70??? Nahhhh
“A.I has been going to school for 25 years and hasn’t passed the 3rd grade” 😂😂😂😂 bro ACG THAT WAS FUNNY 😂😂😂 GREAT REVIEW
Thanks for the review as always, after buying plagues tale and uncharted I'm going to wait for this to go on sale.
Couldn't you review the game without spoilers or at least say that you're going to spoil some of it? Come on dude.......
What's up with the menus straight up looking like they are from a mobile game?
"Gotham is a king sheet on a single bed"  ACG is the only gaming channel that does this to me.  I sometimes have to pause and take a second to figure out your analogies lol.  Never change bro😎
Looks really good although that 30fps on console is kind of a bummer I’ll probably wait for a sale on this one
You’re my go to guy when it comes to reviews 👍 Keep up the awesome work !!!
Don't blame the consoles for this people. This game was built for last gen and they scrapped it so they justify the 70 dollars. This is just pure incompetence on the developers. On this game and a Plagues Tale. If CD Project can get Cyberpunk running at 60 fps on the Series S then these people have no excuse
Yeah, didn't look great from the get to tbh. Something about those animations just feels off compared to Arkham games. Combat looks floaty. Was going to try, but will hold as my backlog is heavy anyway.
This will be on sale in no time 😂
The backlash they are about to face for 30fps is crazy. They put out a 60fps update  and then I’ll buy it.
If this ran at 60fps do you think it would change your rating?
I think, if they block coop mode for a single-player performance, disable RT - we could be close to 60 if not hitting it - Im hoping within a few months, this could be a definitive gotham game, though hearing Batman is dead :( very sad. Hope its a ruse and he turns up at the end.
Looks like another game that might be worth playing in a year or two. For now tho.... I'm done paying to be a beta tester
Yea this is about what I was expecting from this game, will purchase it once its like $30 bucks.
It sucks they couldn't have just made a Spiderman PS4 reskin with their own story and style. That's all I wanted lol
This game is going to flop so bad I can see it now
I love most batman games, so I feel like i have to play this even though its..not as good, and yes i watched entire review before i commented lol
Woke knights
this is exactly what i thought it would be. also that starting batgirl getup is the worst
Never had any real interest in this, even as a big Batman fan. Because Batman (properties) without Batman are usually just.... meh.
This game might make me get a Xbox X/S
I was really looking forward to the game man! Sucks!
super bat wahman...🤣🤣🤣
30FPS shouldn't be a thing on 9th gen consoles only 2 years after release.
I've been looking forward to this for a long time, based on your video it's a definite buy for me although probably in a couple of months as I already have plague tale and uncharted legacy to play through.  All the great games seem to have released this month and a few more before Christmas.
11:45 spoilers dude! 🤐
damn, i 'm excited for this game and this review !!
arkham knight is better -my mom
30fps isn't that bad.
Nice and early review. This guy puts in the work. As always enjoy your format of reviewing games! Good review definitely will wait for a sale in the meantime will be playing A Plague Tale: Requiem. Looking forward to more of your reviews.
Not as terrible as expected
To be expected really. I wish the devs had built on what they had with Arkham Origins, instead of tacking on unnecessary co-op and loot mechanics.
The only reason I'm buying this fucking game is because I'm waiting for Ragnarok and I want a Red Hood fix. I couldn't care less about the other Knights except for maybe Batgirl for her rack.
30fps just isn’t acceptable these days
Combat looks slow and floaty, or is it just me?
Looks worse than Arkham Knight. Heck, worse than Injustice 2. Yet... it's new gen exclusive.
So strange to see console players freaking out over 30fps.  You do know that you're probably going back to 30 when games stop being made for the xbone/ps4 right?
Rip Batman
Why is everyone sweating over 30fps? I dunno, I don’t see an issue with it, but I also play TRPGs so this looks alright
Unplayable on console lol
I liked a lot of this. Just not enough. https://www.patreon.com/AngryCentaurGaming
I'M ONE OF THE FIRST 1000 COMMENTRRS!
rtx 2070 for 1080p lol good luck not buying
Already got the game but I’ll always watch your reviews my guy
I miss arkham, time to stick to spiderman
The gameplay looks so boring. I want Rocksteady’s suicide squad so badly after seeing this  At 3:00 the hit detection looks like garbage in that nightwing combo
WTF review... I'm sure TB would've smirked at that.
Coolbeans 😎
So happy you did a review on this. Reviews that aren’t super long and packed with sponsored bullshit!
Better than I thought it was gonna be honestly
30fps cap on console is gonna kill the sales
30fps. Wont play until it’s 60.. especially since it’s only 30fps on Series S/X and PS5 which I own
Definitely day one purchase for me
Thx for review!
Definitely day one purchase for me
Nice
Awesome , thank you for the review
I'm Batman
Nice
Looks generic asf Wouldn't play it even if it was free.
Echoo Echooo Echooooo
30 fps… yeah no how does it look worse than arkham j night
Omg, please be good!!!!   First
Nice
