Could be wrong about Anakin's saber, I'm not a prop guy. Doesn't look like it to me but some have said otherwise!
Cheers to Huyang for effort
The biggest wedding ring I've ever seen.
Right off the bat, something you don't hear from Justin from everyday.
Even the best episode is still the worst.
No, Eck, no...  I've been watching your stuff for years, but how can this be "one of the BEST Star Wars episodes EVER"?
This episode was dope!
Nan episode 5 was epic
Is Shin Hati Omega from the Bad Batch? The death of Tech hit Omega pretty hard, and I see that as a reason for her anger festering until Baylan could find her. Baylan appearing in Bad Batch would be interesting.
Everyone is crazy.  Shin might be the most interesting and mysterious character ever.  She steals all scenes hands down
ow boy ashoka sucks and e4 was really bad
The show is garbage, for any legacy fan of Star Wars
I love it but i kinda wish Ahsoka still had her fighting skills from Rebels
In the original concept art for Force Awakens, there was a concept of Anakins force ghost mixed with a Vader ghost, would be cool if they brought that back, like his spirit is still fighting for control, could tie into the sequels nicely too and explain why Anakin never appeared to Ben or anyone else, he is "stuck" in the netherworld battling his dark side
I think I’ll wait and see what efap gets to this episode 🤷‍♂️
RIP House of Mouse.
It just shows how weak the jedi are again 😂
Those trees remind me of Anaxis with that red leaf color
Ahsoka lost me somewhere between Episode 1 and 2. I tried, but it’s so far from why I like the OT, I just can’t care enough.
Big Media Farm xmprot onix=upr #eventlab laura = rip intchk
Love the dialogue between Baylan and Ahsoka before they fought. And yes, may Ray Stevenson rest well.
Zeb probably hasn't been in this because he's super expensive and time-consuming.
From what I’ve counted the fleet consists of: 1 MC-80 Home One 12 MC-30 4 Nebulon-B Frigates 4 CR-90 Corvettes 2 Hammerhead Corvettes  There must be more CR-90s and hammerheads off screen though  The amount of fighters this fleet can hold is insane, each MC-30 has 4 hangers which one can easily hold 1 squadron of fighters and with 12 of them which is 576 fighters with just the MC-30s alone
I feel like the writers decided to have Hera act like she never knew the rest of the Ghost crew. She acts like Kanan, Zeb, and Ezra never existed
Wow, I'm just not getting the degree of love for this show.  Yes ep 4 was pretty good, but that only makes up for the lackluster first eps, and it's still got the same clunky writing.  I'm hoping this show gets better to where I love it too (as was the case with Filoni's animated shows) but so far it feels like paint-by-numbers.
i’m sorry but the show is trash, writing is so shit reminds me of the kiddie rebels bullshit
BEST Star Wars Episodes EVER?  unsubscribed!
There's an idea floating around which I kinda agree with that Jacen's hair  might not naturally be green but rather dyed to help him feel closer to his mom or even look less like a reminder of his dad. Note that other than a tiny picture of Kanan on Hera's control console there has been no mention of him. And, Sabine famously redyes her hair all the time, so it isn't a stretch to assume Jacen might dye his to emulate her as well.
Amazing episode, wow. Felt like a small star wars movie.
I am very disappointed in the series. The female leads are arrogant and smug and excessively immature. The only interesting characters are the villains.
Firstly, agree 💯 with how good this episode is. I love the Samurai vs medieval knight. BUT Now I am probably wrong about this but I watched it back to make sure I hadn't heard Baylan incorrectly.  I have a crazy theory that the bad guys are not the bad guys. Baylan's actions and words especially, are not ones of evil intent, but nessessity. (Another subtle nod being there lightsabers, orange not ruby red) Furthermore, Thrawn is not a seeker of power, everything he does has reason and it is usually for the greater good of the Chiss.  If this series is at all following on from the new thrawn books, his reason for coming to the empire was to find a way to protect not just the Chiss Ascendancy but the entire galaxy from a mysterious threat in the unknown regions. (Zahn the creator of Thrawn was consulted for this show) SO ... Thrawn is going to start a war but not with who we all guess with our blinkered empire vs rebel minds.
Figures one of my top 3 favorite live action villains is no longer with us
Maybe Thrawn is actually coming back to fight the Grysk.
that was a great duel too not that BS twirling lightsaber battles from the prequels
Pretty sure that’s Anakin’s saber, not Vader’s.
Nah. It was fun but there were about five episodes of Andor that were WAY superior - atleast as far as Writing goes. Ahsoka is a decent romp but literally every piece of dialogue is clunky and underwhelming. Filoni has good ideas but cannot write for toffee… and I just don’t get the fawning over the Baylen character; he’s not bad but he’s not got much about him either.
I like to think that Inquisitor was someone augmented with Night Sister magic and that was just the magic leaving him once he was killed, sort of like Savage from Clone Wars.
I got Akira Kurosawa vibes in this episode.
It's very interesting to me, how much people enjoyed this episode, since I sadly couldn't really enjoy it. Even though there were no huge plot problems and I can generally understand the aspects that people liked, there were just so many 'little' things that bothered me.  Why didn't Ahsoka & co. keep watch in the beginning in the forest, even though they knew their enemies would be searching for them? Why did the first assassin droid attack without any weapon? (And the others just stood back?) Why did Ahsoka and Sabine split up - after agreeing not to - instead defeating Shin together while outnumbering her? WHY do people in Star Wars always have to show their opponents their backs? And WHY does no one ever use that opening? Why did Ahsoka only use one lightsaber? There were a few moments where she should have easily been able to land a strike on her opponent with the second one. (I also feel like there were a few other moments, where someone should have easily been able to land a strike but didn't.) Why didn't Ahsoka use the Force to remove the Map-Sphere? (If that's not possible, why wasn't that shown?) Why did the New-Republic Ships 'block the path' of the Ring-Ship's hyper-jump, when the only consequence was the New-Republic Ships getting damaged/destroyed? (At least two people died because of that!) They can't really have thought that their enemies would hesitate to jump for their sake?  Maybe I missed something or I have a wrong understanding of how certain things work, but in that case I still think the episode could/should have 'explained' things better / made things clearer.
Consume product. Wait for next product. Repeat. Anyone still watching Star Wars after Disney’s abysmal attempts at the sequel trilogy are just fueling the destruction of their beloved franchise.
That is not Vader’s lightsaber, it’s Anakin’s from ROTS
The blonde chick and the bad guy are interesting,  rest, not so much.
This is clearly a joke. 8 minutes of me not knowing if it was a joke
This episode is astonishing on so many levels, but many of those center around one guy : Stevenson. There's the character, his arc as we guess it, the way he portrays it -- and the lightsaber duel between him and Ahsoka is simply one of the best ever.
I think i found my new YT Star wars home. Ive been following G&G, Nerdrotic and Film Threat for years because i thought they had nuisance opinions on comic/sci-fi/adventure fantasy related entertainment. But after a while i noticed they just hated everything and found a problem with everything. I can be critical of things as well, but it feels like those folks just hate bc it gets them clicks.
I think Zeb wasn't here because he's expensive to animate (based on the glimpse in Mando) in an already effect heavy episode. I think he'll be in 5 or 6 and finish up the series
While I agree that the story is not bad, I am continously put off by the dialogue and general acting. The dialogue seems straight of a cartoon, which is just...weird for a live-action show.  Conversation were really stiff and mostly consisted of "dramatic" one-liners. And it felt like the writers were constantly trying to explain the plot to even the dumbest or unattentive viewers. For example, when Baylen destroyed the map, he felt the need to say "Noone is going to follow us." in an overly dramatic way. That just felt unnecessary to me.  Also, I was hoping we would see the Inquisitor's green cloud return to the Elsbeth, to be used again in the future.
I think that one senator is going to be the Filoni version of Borsk Fey'lya, and I'm kinda getting the sense we're going to get Hera urging the Republic leadership to make a race for some sort of Dark Fleet type thing- something about the way the focused on new Republic ships coming online, and decommissioning all the existing Star Destroyers. I just get a sense suddenly the Republic is going to need more ships, and we're gonna end up going Dark Force Rising.
Baylon is such a bad@$$. And I think Jacens green hair is a brilliant detail as he got something from is mom.
I'm amazed Shin was unable to detect Sabine not being a force wielder.
Zeb should have been there.
Bad writing with the communications issue. When they first jumped into the system they mentioned communications were being jammed.  They did nothing to rectify that, then spent the first part of this  episode trying to fix their coms. Did they just forget?
Other thing to note, is Ashoka is an idiot… to go for the map and not the ground station transmitter that sent data to the ship which was easy to get to…
Sad part is the Droid told them to NOT split up and ofc they do the Jedi thing and split up… sigh.
this episode alone the fighting scene between ahsoka and baylon is far gretter than whole sequel. I hope Dave filioni takes over then next star wars movies also brings the yuzahn vong into the fold
My top 5 live action episodes not named Andor.  1) Ahsoka 1x4 “Fallen Jedi” 2) The Mandalorian 1x3 “The Sin” 3) The Book of Boba Fett 1x2 “The Tribes of Tatooine” 4) The Mandalorian 2x7 “The Believer” 5) The Mandalorian 2x1 “The Marshal”
I really didn't like live action Hera until this episode. I can see Mary finally getting more comfortable with the character and it's fantastic.
Even though i like some of the other shows this is the first time it truly felt like Star Wars. This is what the sequels should have been. It's damn near perfect imo.
Like you said, we've had ups and downs, but nothing has really fully nailed "SW", either because it's high quality but completely tone deaf like Andor, or it tries to mimic SW with literally 0 effort and talent like Obiwan.  This is the first time since the animated stuff I've gone "oh ... I remember what it feels like now..." in years. SW was never some kind of super deep masterpiece, it's always been about magic and adventure.  And this cliffhanger ? Having Anakin actually able to tell us what it was like being Vader, how he feels about it etc... ? That's more exciting that virtually anything they've been doing since the acquisition.
Titus Baylon Pullo - rest in peace.
Disagree with the openning statement because Andor exists, and most episodes of that are better than this one IMO.
Somebody noticed that Sabines helmet is red in the intro?
RIP Ray Stevenson. Loved him in Rome on HBO
Sabine should've just shot Baylon in the back.
Man that ending made me tear up this show is so good
"That may be, the best episode of Star Wars TV we've ever gotten."   Bro, Andor was like a year ago.
The world between worlds happens but how? Is there some portal in the water? Is Ezra pulling people from their timelines? How is anakin there it makes zero sense. If he is there they why not leave the world between worlds and join his family again…. Stupid episode… the more I watch this season the less I am enjoying it.
Jason seems like a boss character but needs a different color for hair. The green causes him to resemble Oompaloompas a little to  much…
Given the negative feedback about episode 3, perhaps I will just skip that and watch this one. But it would have to be as good as you claim for me to watch any more of this show.
The full black tunic instead of the dark brown under his leather chest strap... thingies also helps to suggest this isn't all as things should be.
I mean but is it really as good as the three episodes of the Clone Wars ?
Wow! "The film Ahsoka Episode 4! "The BEST Star Wars!
This show absolutely sucks!
Insane that people don't like this show...
Hear me out the map is engraved in Ashoka’s hand 😂
My issue is with the way Ashoka is fighting really.
The only thing I found weird in this episode was ahsokas decision to only fight with 1 blade. She would’ve probably had a better time fighting baylan with her usual form.
I was so distracted by expecting "plot armor" to save the day for the Rebels..... and it never happened!  One of the things I find so incredibly frustrating in a lot of Star Wars lately is the EXCESSIVE plot armor.  And this show doesn't have much of it so far and I love that!   It was an awesome episode but I need to watch it again.
Sigh.. i really miss the times when they used lightsabers smoothly and like it actuality does not weigh a ton or is a basrball bat.
I kept waiting for someone to make the connection of the purgills and hyperspace travel. Hu Huang started to mention purgills but Ashoka cut him off. Super anxious for E5.
Even though the bars incredibly low I may actually watch this
This episode was garbage. So sick of Ahsoka, the fun and witty jedi-order-abandoning rebel, being played like a block of wood. Why make a show about one of the most unique and beloved jedi when ur just going to write them as another stoic, bland, and generic master. And don’t even get me started on the plot, if you could even call it that.
Rewatched Ashoka episode 4 today and noticed some new scenes that weren’t in yesterday. Is that just me or does Disney keep editing the episodes even after release?
I'm just going to say it. There was a force sound effect and shin did appear momentarily pushed back when she attempted the force push.
Great Episode, just good stuff.
"Spectacular"? 😂😂😂 you'll eat any piece of trash they put in front of you
I love Ahsoka and think she's a total badass and I feel like at this point in her storyline it's established that she's a very accomplished duelist. So I expected her lightness and agility to more effectively face off against Baylan's big sweeping, easily telegraphed strikes. It was a great duel, but I felt a little let down by that. Overall it was a great episode.  Baylan's character is intriguing. Clearly he's not completely evil, thus the amber blade rather than a red sith one. I definitely want to know more of his back story. It's a shame Ray won't be able reprise  him in season 2.
Is there a reason why ahsoka went w just 1 saber for the last fight ? I thought she was just styling during the first fight.
Good point on Zeb not being there. Seeing Zeb be a badass X-Wing pilot, I mean seeing him actually flying/fighting in the X-Wing, would have made my day!
is it just me, but after this episode, i'm starting to feel like this all put together would have made a pretty decent Ahsoka movie!
Immagine if force ghosts could operate in the world between worlds, but they just could not leave through the portals, yet they are able to drag people through the portals. It would give the line when Obi Wan told Vater on the first Death Star that he would become much more powerful if he stroke him down so much more weight. Whatever is about to come, i love it
Huyang fought like an aged skilled boxer he was just a little slow versus a newer assassin model
I love both Baylan's and Shin's outfits and armor!!! Especially Shin's!! I also loved the Timer on the Hyper Drive coordinates being coordinated for the jump and Morgen shrugging off the potential Dog fight by initiating the HD jump as a weapon and pass through method. This Episode was AMAZING!!
Sabine Wren is why Ahsoka is good. Because she's all about the _aliit_ and the memories we keep of _Cuy'val Dar!_   Wren is worthy to become MANDALORE!
Dude I actually LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE Sabines Arc right now!!! but now way Baylon defeats Ashoka unless injured......and do they think Ezra wont just shock lightning or choke this guy out!!!! hahahaha people HAVE NO IDEA HOW STRONG EZRA is I wonder how they will make him less OP in this show because......
It's still soooo sloooooowwwww...  This is definitely not Rebels level.
Not according to IGN they gave this episode a 6 out of 10..but not me. I think it was one of the best episodes
The only thing I want more from this series (thus far) is more wides during the duels.  I think they have too many closeups which hides the choreography too much for me.  That being said, best episode of the show so far.  Got me really excited for the rest!
Closest thing we had to Star Wars since 1983
Better than obi won mando and boba
I agree it was like it should of been ,
Not a touch on Andor, but the moments with Baylan and then a bit of Anakin was good.   Sabine scenes are mediocre so far........  Is it me or is Ahsoka being played to be too emotionally monotone? Has she lost some of the flare from the cartoon that made her original?
This pretty much sums up Episode 4: Fans going in: "I hope we find out who Marrok is! So excited, it could be Starkiller, or someone important from cannon!"  (40 minutes later after the trans-galactic hyper jump and seeing Ahsoka in the World Between Worlds with Anakin) Fans: Marrok who?
rest in peace ray. didnt even get to see how much people love his character. sad we wont get to see him again after this season
also the whole fight sequence when ahsoka fuckin forced that dude unfront of the other guys shot was so cool.
honestly its kinda cool that he has vaders saber but at the same time if they pulled a "hes still vader" itd totally defeat the end of return of the jedi kinda
Best Star Wars on Tv is not saying much... Yes its closer than anything. But they dont NAIL anything. She used 1 saber for some reason. A lot of Sabers locked up with closeups on the face yet again. HIRE NICK GILLARD AGAIN!
I love honorable antagonists, which makes Baylon extra cool to me
People are saying Marrok was Starkiller but I doubt that I don't think they would kill them off so quickly and with so little fanfare if he was any sort of legacy character.
The pacing has been such a slow crawl. I'm hoping they don't drag this out for 4 more episodes.
Ive been jaded by years of substandard star wars content, but that ending scene made me grin like a little kid again
The episode was dog-shit, just like the earlier versions. It was good to see Anakin though.
Never noticed that, but looks like Shin has a padawan braid
I'm confused as to why ahsoka fought marrok and baylan with just one lightsaber
I know time was a constraint, but why didn’t Ashoka just 2v1 the sith apprentice? She took out the other illusion in two seconds. One less threat and an ally for the next…
Sabine wouldn’t just give the map😂
You sir have no idea what you are talking about
Zeb is probably just too expensive to have on screen a lot.
I thought it was terrible
Everyone is knocking out of the park.  I’ve had my reservations about Rosario but in this episode she really took it up a notch, her duel with Ray was fantastic.
Ultimately the best top tier duels seen yet. Japan fans would be raving witnessing this episode.
Wow the copeium is strong with this channel. Half the episode was literally characters looking at one another holding lightsabers and what they did with Morrok was underwhelming to say the least.
I think Ahsoka could be seen Anakin as she last saw him before the battle of Corasont. Because from her point of view the next time they met Vader was in  control of Anakin.  And Hugh Yang and that HK droid fight reminded me of Rockham socham robots.
I couldn't disagree more. The way Sabine just left Ahsoka for dead without feeling any need to check on her or render aid to her was stupid beyond imagination.  Just bad.
I'm glad you liked it, This is the main complaints from people who not only never wanted the show to be good, but don't care that it is because all they care about is marvel or being miserable.   "Sabine didn't kill baylan with a blaster". Now they're purposely forgetting everything about Jedi/sith to say something this dumb. The guy just beat Ashoka so she would've just died too.   "Ashoka not being a super marvel marry sue that automatically beats every single villain." I don't need to explain why this is dumb, and why this would make for a bland story.  Why isn't Sabine the same after losing the closet thing she had to a family, and any family she had left in the Mandolorians." I don't need to explain why traumatic experiences makes a character act like they're traumatized.   "Why would Sabine pick seeing Ezra the last bit of family she has left while being manipulated by the dark side over a marvel style "you can't turn me bad guy" followed up with a "did you just do that?... Yeah I just did that" and then solo a sith".  I don't need to explain why this would suck really bad and make no sense. Again they purposely forget they're talking about Jedi/Sith.   "Why did Herra the same woman who fought the empire since she was a kid that let kids like Ezra and Sabine fight along side her would let her son fight along side her as well." Use pattern recognition guys.   "tHe LiGhTsAbEr FiGhTs WeRe SlOw" watch Vader vs obi wan. The only time lightsaber fights were how you people described was the fight on Mustafar and that's it.  So far the heros successfully killed a character, Lost a fight, had a moment of weakness that wasn't interrupted by your beloved marvel moments, and because of this the writing out preforms anything you wanted it to be.
Anakin lost his sabre on mustifar therefore wouldn't he only have Vaders sabre as that was last one he had in life as luke had it before loosing it in cloud city? I think Ahsoka is dead, and the world between worlds is actually where force sensitive go and hence why they can appear anywhere. It is also possible that Ahsoka was pulled into the world between worlds by her master to save her, which helps with Anakins redemption. Was it just me or did Anakin look 'animated' instead of Haydan in the flesh? Or was that just how the vfx made it look?
#askeck if you had the opportunity, which elite clone unit would you deploy: arc troopers or clone commandos?
Nawww Sabine actions are completely  out of character she would  in that moment. Should  have used Ezra  and his teachers  example of sacrifice to destroy  the map but lazy writing  is pointing  her in the direction  of the weak link and all of you are eating  it up. Mandos don't give in and she is a perfect  example  of that. The writer's  took all of her character growth from rebels and just throw  it out the window.
I am so glad the writing is giving Dawson some room to be the witty Ahsoka from the animation of just the mysterious one shes been playing for other character's series. I am also loving Baylan in style, plot, and execution. Absolutely stealing the show in that i want to know what their deal is more than whats happening with Thrawn  That said, im not super happy with the regression of Sabine's character to make the Master/Padawan dynamic work with Ahsoka and with Baylan. Sabine at the end of Rebels was a highly competent and experienced woman. She was an elite warrior, spy, and soldier, and had even lead mandalorians into battle during their civil war. Even if shes out of practice after the years, getting tips on how to shoot down fighters in Episode 3 when she is almost certainly more experienced than Ahsoka at gunnery just felt wrong.
Why did ashoka end up on the world within worlds?
This whole Ahsoka series is a bullshit lol 😂
I don't hold it against Sabine too much, I got the impression he was just being polite by trying to talk her into giving it. If he sensed she was actually about to blast it I believe he would have been easily able to stop her. Especially with Shin helping. This way at least she's alive and they have a potential saboteur inside it too
It took an entire village of nightsisters to transform Savage, Im honestly surprised Morgan could even do it unless there are more nightsisters around to help. So Im not surprised it seems like a rare or one time thing. We know the force doesn't respond well to people messing with it too deeply like that as well, that's why they couldn't ever clone force sensitives. I imagine the force wouldn't just let it happen, probably why it took so many sisters to do, they needed to essentially override the force for that moment
I am so thrilled, I've wanted a live action Ahsoka show for so long, asnd so far it's living up to even my expectations!
Y’all need to do your lightsaber hilt research
If you haven't watched the HBO series ROME, with Ray Stevenson as Roman Legionnaire Titus Pullo, you need to.
i love Ashoka’s fighting style against marrok. it was like watching a samurai.
Best episode of SW TV that wasn’t Andor.
I know it’s live action but she didn’t even bother to use both of her Sabers. She’s powerful enough to the point where she’s easily handled dark side users. It would be a waste of a character but she could and should wipe the floor with Bylan
I agree, this episode was just excellent.
The comments are pure garbage. They can’t grasp opinions and call us brain dead, easily amused feminists. TURN YOUR MIND OFF EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE. IS ALL YOU THINK OF POLITICS?
They might as well have called this Star Wars Rebels
That’s Anakin’s saber
you guys truly have set such a low standard for what is good for starwars im so glad i dont consider myself a starwars fan. i hate all of you and wish i never decicated so much of my passion for this franchise growing up
I don't often disagree with you.  But here I clearly do. The episode was garbage. It was a mess of plotholes, stupid writing and bad character development.
god star wars "fans" have really lost any sense of standards haven't you this episode was the on the high end of the bad episodes a polished turd is still a turd
Every time I have a sliver of doubt, Dave Filoni proves he’s the true apprentice to George Lucas
I am pretty marok was someone the Sith Apprentice knew and cared for in some way.  They probably brought him back for her which is why she joined the dark side.  Who knows though.
Buddy im sorry but this series really sucks come on they spend half the show walking and ataring with blank looks like theyve been stoned for a week
This episode was O.K. but it was nowhere close to being the best Star Wars we've seen. Pretty much all of Andor is better than anything we've seen in any other Star Wars series.
Freedon Nadd!
This was the first episode i didn't find boring and end up distracted by my phone
Let’s not over do it, the first three were not that good.
Could Anakin’s appearance be the Bendu or some other force entity?
The mandolorian s2 ep 6, is to me the best written Faloni verse ep, the acting as well from Bill burr and tension/conflict and conversations with mando were masterful, this is great, but no other Faloni verse ep was written that well, however I mean in the riting side
The more i see the show, the more i feel like the Cast and Crew are doing their best to work around and with the restrictions placed on them by the Disnified version of Star Wars. Honestly, each episode keeps getting better and better, and i like it. It probably won't end up a masterpiece but still infinitely more watchable than what was given to us the past few years
I don't know if it's the *best* but it's definitely good. I think we FINALLY get to the real beginning of the story.
Sabine is trash
I'm still having difficulty feeling invested in the show. Sabine is the only character with an actual emotional investment in the plot and I still have no idea what the villains motives are and what they stand to gain bringing back an Empire that made life hell for people like them
My only question is... Is this a 10/10 episode? If not it isn't far off.  All Hail Dave Filoni!
I am not sure how Ashoka went from shit to gold but I will take it
Baylan just doesn't feel evil to me and he is a little confusing. But it is interesting to see a disillusion jedi that is kind of like Dooku without the arrogance. Almost like he has no emotions whatsoever
really?  one of the best star wars episodes ever?  The show is sh*t.  Ever since Disney took control of the franchise, they have run it straight into the ground.  Ahsoka, or should we call it what it really is, a retooled Heir to the Empire that Disney/KK/Lucasfilms decided that the Expanded Universe and the Zahn trilogy wasn't good enough for them until they needed to rehash it out of desperation.  This problem of dealing with Thrawn should be falling onto the shoulders of Luke, not some apprentice that was double teamed by Anakin and OB1 who by all accounts was a great friend to them.
I love Andor episode 10 more
I swear Star Wars fans are like battered wives at this point, after Destroying Star wars the past 7 years , they toss you a little crumb and people are like " Reeee Star wars is back!" Honestly star was fans deserve Disney and Kathleen Kennedy smh.. pathetic.
The lightsaber choreography was great. Its come a long way from the stage inspired flashy stuff from before. There's still that but I also a lot of Liechtenauer longsword in there too.
I t was actually an ok episode compared to the first 3. I am wondering if it's because there was so little interaction between Ahsoka and Sabine. Is the issue with the series, the chemistry, or lack of, between these two actors??
This is me just now realizing that Shin has a padawan braid
I will say that the Shen and Dust-Cloud-McGee fight in the woods was pretty lame... like the little hop Shen does from a small boulder perfectly encapsulates the underwhelmingness of it, but the following Ahsoka Baylen fight was top-tier for a live action fight; so well paced, and choreographed, you get a sense of the gears turning in each combatant's heads on how to counter each other, instead of just the "attack-attack-attack" method you usually see, a duel in the purest sense.
Baylen and shin hard carry this show damn
Do we know what happened to Sabine's parents and brother? From what Baylan said after reading her mind it sounded like they died in the Bombing of Mandalor and Sabine wasn't there to help because she was with Ahsoka. Leaving her with only her adopted family left.
Master and apprentice have now both faced a man in a white beard 😂...but seriously yeah one of the best lightsaber fights ive seen in a while...Ray Stevenson is soo good RIP
NO FACIAL SCAR EITHER!
Baylen and Ashokas fight is a perfected version of what George tried to do in A New Hope with Vader and Obi Wans fight. Two top class duelists who are highly aware of each others power kind of slugging it out as opposed to the quick fluid strikes we see in the prequels.
I really need someone to explain to me why they believe the duels were good. They felt really dragged out and cheesy to me.
Shin Hottie.. 😍
People get lost in several acres of woods yet they can be found in a PLANET of forest?
I don't think Zeb is a fighter pilot. He may be stationed at the same base as Carson and his Squadron, but I think he's more of a Special Ops guy.
I wouldn't go as far as to say it was the best episode of SW ever, but it's definitely the best episode of Ahsoka so far. Big step up from the last three.
Sir you forgot about andor
Fanboy…. This show is horrible. Lame childish writing, bad acting.  Star Wars has died…. Again.
I am annoyed that Hera is portrayed as the commanding officer on the Home One and NOT ACKBAR
I liked this episode, but it is certainly not the best overall, that being said, it is the best Ahsoka episode so far. Besides the atmosphere, which was better, there were some really nice moments here. My favorite was Sabine baiting the force, but instead used her Mandalorian gear. Many people were expecting them to go the cheap route and give her force powers in a moment where she needs them, but this was a nice subversion. I honestly hope they keep it that way, it was something I liked about Mando. Showing that you don't need the force to be a good fighter and to potentially beat a force user. I would greatly prefer something like that for her, where she struggles, but finds her own way to overcome some of her obstacles, rather than turning her into another Mary Sue at some point. The Ahsoka fight was well done and so was the droid fight. Overall this was the first episode that didn't feel like it wasted its potential, but instead nailed the pacing and progressed the plot in a plausible way. I sure hope they don't fuck it up next week.
Glad for clarification at the end, this is probably the best live action Star Wars (soap opera-esque) episode ever. Still doesn't hold a candle to any Andor episode imo, artistically or emotionally.
OMG OMG OMG THIS EPISODE WAS EVERYTHING I EVER WANTED!!!!!! THIS IS STAR WARS!!!!!! The Lightsaber Fights were Perfect, The Acting was Perfect,  Everything was just Perfect! It was already My Favorite Episode of The Show but then  THAT ENDING. OMG THAT'S HOW YOU DO AN ENDING! It made Me Cry because  I've been waiting to see Anakin and Ahsoka in a Scene Together in Live Action  for so long and to see it finally happen is just Amazing!!!  As a Huge Star Wars Fan, I'm So Happy right now!  This is some of The Best Star Wars I've ever seen! 10/10!!!!!! THANK YOU DAVE FILONI!!!!!!!
It is such a shame that Ray is no longer with us.
Agree on all counts. Stellar episode.
thank god marrok was a nobody If he was revealed to be sam witwer or ezra or something after only saying like 5 words across 3 episodes it wouldve been terrible
Couldn't agree more! Can't wait to see what next week brings!
Crazy theory: what if we’re looking at the deaths of Marrok and the Sixth Brother wrong? What if it’s not how they’re made, but who killed them? We believe that Ahsoka has been permanently changed by the power of the Daughter; what if the dark-siders she strikes down all die in like fashion because of this change?
Star Wars episodes like this are what I used to dream of as a young Clone Wars/Rebels fan.
What?? lol
I don’t like how ahsoka is not using her dual blades in duels, she also comes off as slow, weak, and generally less skilled compared to her fight with maul.
Its okay, there's no shame in having a incredibly short memory
Do you think Sabeen starts the Kights of Wren?
The only interesting part of this episode is Baylen and the other galaxy.  Calling it the best Star Wars live action episode ever is absurd.  Also Sabine’s “betrayal” is a lot tike Tamara Ryvora from Resistance.
The only part that didn't make sense to me was - why did they bring their giant hyperdrive ship into the atmosphere?  Yeah, that was a cool shot with it up in the sky, but... why? Especially since they were just going to leave in a few minutes anyway.  But other than that... great episode. And that last moment, I did NOT expect THAT.
Best ever?  Serious?  Not sure about that
best ever? LOL wow you guys are easily entertained.
I believe Batman is using the diplomats form, the fighting style employed by most Jedi. I think its form one but I'm not sure. The ready stance is what made me go "oop, former jedi" in the first episode.
My favourite lightsaber move was when Balin carried a downward strike round into another jumping downward strike. It really punctuated his strength and was the moment I realised that we're in trouble. Loved this episode so much for all the lore and lightsabers.
Pretty sure Jason Syndula is force sensitive confirmed
I mean, Vader's theme played after the Anakin clip. So we will get to see Vader I hope
That is definitely Anakin’s lightsaber from ROTS.  Vader’s lightsaber hangs the other way around pointing up not down.
What about the droid attack on the wookies?
What about Andor? Ahsoka is better than Mandalorian, Obi-Wan and Boba, but Andor is still the best what we have right now.
Sabine Truly is the weakest link.. this girl just keeps messing up.. first she loses the map.. now she's turned it over .. betraying her master.. she's completely vulnerable to her emotions.. Her Weakness has cost the rebels and the galaxy Dearly.. Ashokas Faith in her is a fools Hope.. and i think she knows it... Sabine is rock bottom now.. and only she can fix it.. hell of cliff hanger.. I wish I could root for her but honestly.. I'd rather not lol.
He fights more like the OT, Lucas insisted a lightsaber was like using a broadsword
a Zeb appearance is expensive
Theory: Baylon is not of the dark side. Discuss
I still have a problem with Sabin, especially this episode with her in almost all of her gear  Why isn't she fighting like a Mando, she was thought how to, it feels like she forgot how to fight like one
Looking close at it I think it's Anaki's lightsaber but I don't know why the end is darker.
I just loved the pacing of this episode. Very well directed. It's been a long time since we got to hear a lightsaber hum in the ambience for several seconds. And the duel was intense, yet not over the top with speed or acrobatics.
The Saber is Anakins not Vaders. Vader wears it top side up. Anakin wears it bottom side up
If Ahsoka has died, it will be her 3rd canonical death.
That is not Vader’s sabre
This episode was amazing, Peter Ramsey did a great job directing the episode, the performances felt stronger too, best episode yet
I think Gerard Butler from 300 (2006) with a gray beard would make the perfect replacement for Baleen character. "This Is Sparta!"   Rest in peace dude. You did great!
I haven't heard much talk about Sabine's decision but to me it's a hugely telling moment. A younger, feistier, more eff you Sabine would never have made it. She'd have died before she'd cave. So it speaks to just how badly she's hurting not to have that usual strength at the ready.
42 minutes and I wish it would go on and on. Where is a three-hour movie á la Coppola, when you need it!? 👍
i think the anakin at the end is the brother
Excellent series
This guy isn’t Eve good
It so stupid
Anakin isn’t a ghost he’s a echo
I'm watching this episode right now and it's as exciting as watching cars rust.
The attempts to sell this show as good are astonding. Disney killed Star Wars.
It’s also so sad how Sabine lost her fam in in the purge. It was so happy when they reunite in rebels.
In 3:49 I forgot what species the inquisitor was, was his name Morrock or something like that. It’s very familiar
I defiantly don't think Sabine would have handed over the map. If she had refused to destroy it and was captured, or the other Sith force grabbed the map, or Baylon managed to hold her still and took the map. Any of those would have been better, and allowed her to be taken along on the journey for the plot advancement.
Yeah IDK why everyone read too far into Marrok. I found it comical how much people speculated or put out theories about the character like bro its an inquistor. Ahsoka beats them unarmed they are the biggest clowns of the empire. I cant recall a single time they actually succeeded in their mission
F Sabine.  Traitor.  Liar.  Disrespectful.  Rude.
After this episode, I have a theory that the story of this series is going to be about the downfall of Sabine Wren... her turn to the "dark side" (as much as anyone only slightly force-attuned can do that)... She has no Mandalorian family anymore to keep her grounded in tradition, I don't think the reunion with Ezra is going to go well,  I think she is going to go rogue, so to speak, and end up becoming a remorseless, jaded mercenary/thug type, forming and following her own ethos created from a combination of her Mandalorian upbringing, her quasi Jedi training under Ahsoka, and her rationalization/coping mechanisms from all the trauma and twisted experiences she's been through. Maybe even becoming sort of a cult leader with a small following of wannabes.
The best BY far
Greedo pilot went mcklunky.
Baylen is a great villain for one reason  He keeps he’s word he doesn’t betray immediately like Kyle would or just not bother with a deal like Vader would he his still decades after the fall of the order an honourable man
so the only good thing was hayden appearing for 3 seconds?
Very good episode, finally some gravitaz and i really hope the bad guys get som long wins, especially if thrawn is coming. Hope they really do make him as the all mighty tactician who brings backe some of the empires strenghts. Sadly Ray passed away, i really liked him as the powerful dark jedi or grey. Didnt feel like he is a sith. rather something else
Trash
Are we gonna talk about how close "eye of sion" is to "eye of sauron"?
BEST live action lightsaber battles since Disney took over.
Every second this show progress, i get more sad about ray Stevenson
Fantastic episode, I want more Baylan!! He’s by far my favorite character of the show.
No speculations please. Stick to what has been shown
No way this video is serious 💀. Goes to show how low standarts have become. Guys watch Andor. You get more out of that. And if you've already watched it, watch it again.
When I see Baylan reach such presence in Ep. 4, I feel the tragedy of his sudden loss in a very real way. Imagine all the possibilities of such s strong character. I like villains who aren't just caricatures. Ahsoka's villains have an endearing je-ne-sais-quoi...
Just rewatched this episode. It is just sooooo good! I can’t wait to see what the next four episodes will bring. I did rewatch the Anakin scene and it is his Episode 3 hilt. What’s interesting to me though, is this is probably his force ghost. Maybe him from the past communicating through the world between worlds? But if it’s his force ghost, why would he have his lightsaber to begin with? I’m excited to see where the story goes.
I agree emphatically!
Was Hayden de-aged?... He did not look like it to me. That's because that's not Anakin, that's Vader. That's a Darth Vader that won on Mystafar.
I feel like Anakin looked a little weird other than that everything was beautiful
When watching Baylen, it made me wonder:  Could he have been a former Jedi guard?  First was his stance with the saber. It's nothing very personal, like Ahsoka, but more knightly. Trying to show he is an honorable fighter... Also there is his saber. No, it's not a double blade, like the original guards, but a single. As a guard this was a weapon chosen to them, because of the appearance, to be uniform just as their clothing. ...but not necessary "outside"?   Then there is the colour: It is orange. A guard saber is yellow... and if you add red it would be red. We have seen that he isn't truly evil, but cares for his apprentice. Which might explain why it's only orange: he never managed to bleed the crystal the way a sith would.
RULES OF NATURE⁉️ Mgr
Ok I know that you don't like Jacen's hair, but have you considered that he has only know his mother, and yet he resembles his father who he has never known.  I feel that he dies his hair in honor of his mother who is green.  He is indeed a mama's boy after all.  I am hoping that at the end we get to see Kanan as a force ghost in a way we have never seen before.  Their all around the table on the Ghost and he appears to speak to Ezra but they all can see him.  After his brief discussion with Ezra, he has a short moment with Hera and Jacen.   I know that I am dreaming here but...
honestly these 4 eps of ahsoka are miles clear of any other content made by disney apart from rouge 1
I completely agree with you. I also thought it was a good addition that Sabine chose to follow her feelings to find and save Ezra, over doing the right thing just like Anakin did for Padme in Rots.
It is not the Lighsaber of Darth Vader. It is Anakins original Lightsaber like you can clearly see on Mustafar.
I really hope this isn’t the best they have to offer for the rest of the season. I nearly gave up on the show until this episode. Definitely feel like they were addressing the lethality of the light saber that they forgot about when Sabine was stabbed. Anyone else feel like the pauses in between each statement are far too long? I feel like I’m listening to James T. Kirk.
Although it does seem that the consensus is that that is Anakin's lightsaber, it wouldve been really cool to see it be vaders lightsaber with a healed white crystal like Ahsoka's
Amazing!!
Baylin instantly became one of my Star Wars GoaT characters. The fact that he behaves like a grey jedi. Is huge.. has a unique, medieval lightsaber style.. this character became so intense and awesome in such a short time.. I am so sad he is already gone.. RIP to one one of the greatest Star Wars actors.. he couldn't even see peoples reaction to his character.. It is so sad.. I'm so sorry.
Baylan was incredible in this. Corruption through charisma is so much more evil than by threat of force or something. The villain playing on the hero's desires to sway them worked so well for Palpatine and Anakin and it worked very well for Baylan and Sabine. Very satisfied with Marrok's death, I really don't need much more of him story wise, I think he was done well. I thought Hera's "Did you serve in the war" line was corny as hell but I guess it is kind of a trope for veterans in fiction. The follow up line of "just waited to see who ends up on top" was much better.
This show is still nothing on Andor. Sorry. Wish it was, but It isn't. But this was a better episode. This is where we should have been 2 episodes ago. Taken way too long to get here.
All of Andor, then maybe this episode...
4:45 thats anakins light saber style. This guy is getting more and more interesting. I really want to know how this guy is linked to anakin.
Best Star Wars TV so far in terms of capturing the feeling of the prequels and originals. ❤
This is just a minor issue I have but why did Ahsoka train Sabine. But refuse to train Grogu. They are both emotionally attached. So both are equally able to fall to the dark side.
My makeshift theory is that the Anikan we see is him directly after Return of the Jedi. I think that Ahsoka died on Malacore but was saved by Ezera, and once again she died and was once again saved by someone who loves her. Maybe the world between worlds is some type of Red Prist from GOT or Sacred Timeline from Marvel where they make sure those who have a greater purpose stay alive. With Ahsoka having the daughters spirit inside of her she may be immortal  Wild theory with a lot of rough edges, but I wouldn't mind that type of explanation, especially if it means time travel doesn't make its way to Star Wars
I love how everyone was wondering who the inquisitor guy was and he just gets immediately murked in this episode because obviously he was just some nameless idiot there to fill one specific function: Be an excuse why Ahsoka and Satine doesn't stomp Hati in one second flat trying to get to the orb.
Sure Babylon was great as was the beginning of the episode and the droid brawl, but I’m really tired of the “hero cna save the day but chooses not to” trope. Also Hera’s fighter group going straight at the hyperdrive !?!? Instead of the suspension of my disbelief it has been fully activated.This was a bad episode imo from a writing/ plot standpoint.
You do a lot of drugs, don’t you?
The moment it starting panning over the ocean that Ahsoka got sent into and it started to show that different grounding that Ahsoka was on before it even showed Ahsoka, I was like "is she in the world between worlds? There's no way she's in the world between worlds, that'd be sick though" and then she was! Idc how weird it is that she's there, I think the world between worlds in so interesting and hopefully we get to learn even more in the next few episodes
So I just had a crazy idea I do not know how familiar with Dune you are but vs match Paul Atreides vs.  a Jedi (pick whicever one you want)
Perhaps Zeb will be the second saving hand later in the series. Hera is in trouble a bit or at least needs back up. This makes the best opportunity to bring in zeb leading the republic relief force.
This whole show is just one male ex Jedi trying to take as many females as he can with him to another galaxy in a giant sized c_ck ring with another chick saying if she can't go, no one can. I can get behind that.
At this point I just can't get excited about star wars projects anymore but I admit baylon is a very cool character and great casting .
nah man. One Way Out, Rix Road, The Eye?
I still say that this shouldn’t be live action
The hyperspace launch was crazy. Just imagine the ship that ring is gonna be connected to if a jump like that could do to the ghost and it’s squad. Jacson saying “mom. I got a bad feeling” after the jump gave me goosebumps. He’s definitely force sensitive
Best SW tv ep ever? Eck hasn't seen Andor yet? 😅
OMG the clock checking is soooo me!
LITERALLY SO GOOD
It’s definitely Anakin’s revenge of the sith lightsaber. Looks dark because it’s chrome and there’s not a lot of light reflecting back. You can definitely see the grips and the band/ control box.
I wonder if the way Marrok died is to contrast the way Obi-Wan died? Obi-Wan disappears and perhaps certain Darksiders (like Marrok and the Inquisitor from Tales of the Jedi) turn into that smoke....
Curious how you think the hyperspace ring will bring Thrawn back? I'm envisioning a Jedi Starfighter-Hyperspace ring configuration (i.e., Thrawns ISD in the middle of the massive Ring) like we saw in Episode II.
That's definitely Anakin's saber from TCW and ROTS. You can see the shine of the chromium on the emitter and the gold on the little box at the side.
Gosh I didn't like it at all...
I fear that if Zeb makes an appearance, it will be at a minimum because every few seconds with him in live-action will cost like six thousand dollars in effects.
Sucking at Disney's teat of course you give good reviews. Don't want to lose access to that milk!
Hello there! When I was watching episode 3 and saw the part at around 16 minutes of Hera and Ahsoka having a hologram call while the ship was in hyperspace, I thought that this is off because it was stated that the Malevolence could receive hologram transmissions because of its size. Then, I remembered that when order 66 was issued, Rex received it through a hologram message (while the Venator was traveling in hyperspace), so it looks like it isn't a thing that ships usually can't use hologram transmissions in hyperspace, so someone please tell me what's going on
BTW, Jacen's "bad feeling" is probably force driven too - he's Kanan's son after all.
I don’t quite understand why there is a map leading to Thrawn.
Only one thing I learned watching this episode: Ivanna Sakhno is the next babe
I think it's deliberate. Once upon a time, being the IP holder gave absolute power over a franchise. That day is done. If the IP holder insists on not bringing out new content or bringing out garbage content, we can now make our own. I invite all my fellow Star Wars fans to enjoy another unauthorized novel completely free. Just google Legend of the Harp Jedi.
Andor >
Was definitly better than the last episodes, but the dialogue between Ashoka and Sabine still just feels weird, it's like they're trying to speak in haikus. they aren't actual haikus, but it's like they can only converse in in specific rhythmic sentences, it's hard to explain.  AND WHY THE HELL IS HERA BRINGING HER SON TO A FIGHT WITH SITH!?!?!?
Holding out for what feels like small nuggets of goodness in an ocean of rot is probably not worth doing... Even if all we have is hope for a more respectable and decent result.  We've been stung too many times. Plethora of fans made villains for criticising the thing they love.  I'm tired. And quite frankly, I think I'm done.
Baylon has the Shii-Cho stance. Nice.
Lack of zeb is disturbing
I have a horrible feeling Anakin isn't Anakin, its Palpatine trying to trick Ahsoka into getting him out.
i am agreeing with a lot you´ve been saying. i love the atmosphere, the fights, the lighting but for me "one of the best star wars episodes ever" needs to be on point. i am talking about the whole package. storytelling, pacing, writing, dialogue, acting, lighting, etc just everything. in my opinion this episode is on the right way and defenetely better than what we have seen so far from the show but it doesn't have that certain something. to me it felt more like the action-packed, simple but good designed adventure of a pen and paper campaign. it was fun and diverting, it nailed the star wars vibe but compared to mandalorian and especially andor it lacks in the sense of pacing, acting tbh and storytelling.  i need to add, that i have not seen rebels at all. so i have no attachement to any of these characters. i am not able to share any feelings with sabine about ezra, so this should explain a lot. on the other side i grew up with clone wars and i am kind of disappointed that ahsoka is that stoic. ofcourse she matured but tbh i wouldn´t be able to recognise her just from the way she acts, but maybe thats a good thing, we´ll see.
i thought i was the only one that liked anakin not deaged, hayden still looks young he dont need de age, this anakin looked like a doll, rlly uncanny valley
Apart from Andor which is in a whole tier of its own, this is perhaps the best episode of live action Star Wars TV we have ever gotten
Hmm, to each their own
Expensive effects but yet again no transition and cohesion.  Relying on a droid slave to do things Asoka splits from a recently healed Sabine who is left to 1 on 1 the person that easily lazer shanked her, Asoka decides after a lifetime of two hands - 2 swords / Niten Ichi-Ryu / Jar'Kai specialty dueling to take on opponents with ONE freshly wonky "lazer sword". Sensible going into new duels using a tequnique you never specialised, barely practiced, and who none have taught you in your down time .. about as sensible as a "General" ignoring chain of command, orders, procedures, strategy, tactics, checks and balances to go off some place randomly and get some people killed on egotistical "feels".   Then there is rubbish witchcraft explanations for a literal star map and the ole world between world plageristic copy of the WAYS from the "Wheel of TIme" series published since the 90s.  Why not have some time travel in star wars because it makes novels, comics, movies inevitably laughable sooner or later as both meaningless and pointless. It is like they never played sport the "lazer sword" fights have so much back turning, wasted movement, openings it is childish .. that said even children playing with light swords is worth looking at.
Mando chapter 16 is the GOAT for me. I’m an OT guy so having Luke come back the way he did will probably never be beat for me. This episode was 2nd though.
This was a horrible episode and we literally waited all this time just for a mid performance duel. Ahsoka feels dumbed down a lot. Sabine is the weakest character in the history of Star Wars. Not hating just feels disney is robbing us with this series so far.
Loved the episode.  But for the life of me, I can’t figure out why Ahsoka didn’t use both her sabers.
I'm interested to find out what it was that Baylan was so "worried" about that he'd throw in with Thrawn and Morgan, given that it sounded like it was more than just money he was working for.
My favorite live-action Rock 'Em Sock' Em Robots adaptation
i wasnt liking the show very much but this episode definetly changed my mind, i wouldnt go as far to say its one of the best star wars tv show episodes ever but it was really good
...best episode so far and still hoping this doesn't go down as a Sabezra love story. Please.
For me this show is still poor, you can barely see anything in the saber fights, the acting is not so great (but ahsoka actually showed a tiny bit of emotion this episode!) and the volume is seriously looking bad these days. But for me it all comes down to the fact that Disney is dissecting all of legends Luke's stories and dishing it out to their characters. 5/10 episode, totally average for another totally average/poor star wars show.
I know Hayden is starting to get up there, but I don't think he looks so old that digital de-aging is necessary. The de-aged look just looks so off-putting to me. The visage is Anakin before he got all barbecued, so he should still look young, but I don't think anyone would mind if they just used regular-ass old Hayden. Other than that, this episode was phenomenal!!! But now I'm even MORE CONFUSED why Marrok's helmet shows up blue in the intro. Wtf!?
oh i just thought he was made out of gas, i didnt think it was magic
marrok confused me. I thought nowadays you can´t die by a lightsaber anymore:)
I totally agree. A fantastic episode. Baylon’s beard is epic too!
Honestly, it's a very mediocre. Most of this episode feels like sludgy fights. I like some of the stuff with Lord Bailen, and the ending cliffhanger was interesting, but in general, there isn't much to the show outside of mid action. Maybe I'm spoiled by Andors' quality, idk.
WTF?! Did we see the same show? This episode was at max mediocer. Sabine is stupid as s**t, the callbacks are cheesy and thre is not a singel Charakter im invested in. This is not even remotely on the Level of "The eye" let alone "One way out"
Where’s Wedge Antilles?
Loved the duels in this episode, specially the power behind Baylon's swings and his differnt style: rougher but very powerful, vs Ahsoka's more nimble and dynamic form. Also somehow I feel like we're entering the begining of some sort of Star Wars universe endgame, or at least a set up towards one. Expectations are high after this one indeed.
Baylen is such an awesome character. I don’t know how they are going to handle his death with the show. I’m not sure his character can be replaced by another actor.
It was just okay.  Still not sure why Ray and Ivanna are the only two that are acting, and why everyone else is stuck in thrown together cosplaying let's do a quick scene in the park mode. Mary continues to be the weakest link in the cast. Unsure what is going on there, if it is the direction or the writing, or the actor just not feeling it with the costuming and the sets, or a combination, because it is the most lifeless uninterested in being there acting i have seen in some time.    We did not get any new sets this week, so again they continue to look plastic; environments with no feeling of being lived in, or existing in an environment for more than a week. The only set with any feel in them is the ring ship bridge, and Ahsoka’s ship interiors.  It starts out with a massive, oh great here we go again, with someone with years of saber fight training vs someone with little to none. The fight went on way too long for what it should have been, but i get they want to make some big dramatic show. Sabine losing was the correct outcome, only it should have happened within 30 seconds, or some indication that Shin was toying with her.  A single line of dialogue highlights the writing issue with this show “funny, he never mentioned you” because that has not been said in everything, just lazy, unimaginative, and utterly disappointing and embarrassed that they went there.   Two highlights, for how they were shot, were; the Huyang fight, and when Sabine and Baylen were talking, but only the Sabine shots. Ray was acting, while Natasha was there doing something, but how they shot, lit, and framed her was just wonderful *chefs kiss*  Have standards fallen so low, that an episode like this are getting as much praise as it is? I get it the star wars shows have been largely a disappointment in quality, so in that sense i can see how it might elevate this episode. It was at best a B episode, though i think more accurate it is a mid to higher level B-.   It had all the flash for the nerd heart,  but none of the depth in them to make those moments take the next step.
“You will live to regret that decision” fucking cold ass line.
Uh, Andor would like a word with you.
Baylon has the Dooku kinda class and elegance
"Someone cooked here"
I audibly gasped when she gave over the orb. I did not suspect it.
I feel like the only logical conclusion here is that Anakin is not Anakin.  It is some kind of manifestation of Anakin done by Palpatine.    I think they will use this to set up how Palpatine returned.  I think they will use the fact that Sidious manipulated the world between worlds with Sith magic in rebels, and show that he did that at the end of ROTJ (remember the crazy clouds and howling after Vader tossed him?) to get into the world between worlds in some form we don’t know about.  Maybe he can ONLY access it that way, and not in his corporeal form. (Without the gate, of course)
I was genuinely worried Huyang was going to get killed off. He's really been my favorite part if the show so far. Best droid since R2 if you ask me
After Watching this episode I am sitting there arms flailing in all directions " But there are all these things!!!! I want to know NOW!!!!!" :D This might be my favorite SW episode in years! :)  Bayland know what happened to Anakin and Baylan was part of the Jedi order. I get it, Baylan is a newly created character but where does he fit in? Only a select few would know Vader's real identity.  And the lightsaber fights here was Flames! Love how Baylan really uses has massive physicality when he strikes (slow but hard hitting AF!)  ps. Forgot how World's between world's work. How the hell did Ahsoka end up there? Because of Purgill in the water?
So sad nobody gonna watch it
While I mourn the loss of Ray Stevenson, I do hope that if the character he played, Baylon Skol, makes it to the end, then they continue using him in future projects, even if they have to use a different actor. When the actor playing Dumbledore moved on, they brought in a new one and fans didn't mind. When the actor playing T'challa (Chadwick Boseman) passed away, they killed off the character too and, well...
Seen so many ppl hate on this show 😂
Are you joking? The dialogue and fight sequences were horrendous. The acting was so cringe and the ending with the world between worlds is just stupid - who thought it was a good idea to bring that dumb concept into live action 🤦
Only things that were good were Ray Stevenson and his apprentice and her unblinking eyes. The fight choreography continues to be garbage, everyone still looks bored, etc. Its definitely the best Ahsoka episode but that isnt saying much. I think its funny people people wasted their time theorizing on who Snake Eyes (marrok? Idc) was and he was literally a puff of smoke haha as if disney cant help but give even the most die hard disney star wars fans the finger.
Nah that’s Anakins saber bro
My only  issue with this episode was that they didnt include Zeb in the X-wings
Quick answer for any starwars fan with actual taste in cinema, this is not even close to the best episode in all of starwars, I guess clone wars just went out of the window
this whole episode gave me feelings of the old samurai movies. The fight among "red maples".  Ahsoka's single blade style against Marrok.
the show is picking up
I think what they’re doing with Sabine is what they’re doing with Finn. Will be force sensitive but probably won’t be a force user.
Yawn another boring episode . People just like it because of the last few seconds with Anakin .
ok i haven't watched episode 2, 3 and 4 yet and i haven't watched the full video to know the story but can someone tell me if everyone is going crazy and saying that this is the best star wars episode ever just because of "him"? like i swear to god if it's just for that then i don't care to continue watching, star wars is sorta dying in me and an apperence like this only makes less excited if the story is wack, also u think i need to watch rebels cause i have zero investment in the characters except ashoka and i feel wrong only knowing the gist of what happened to ezra.  y'alls answers will determin if i watch some of rebels to catch up (or a video summary) and continue ahsoka, i need some star wars fans to bring me back into the mix
Anakin died as Vader so, just maybe, that's why he has Vader's lightsaber. We need to remember that the reason Ahsoka sees young Anakin's force ghost is because George Lucas changed Vader's force ghost in the Return of the Jedi remake after the prequels.
Bitch what! Have you seen no way out?
Finally a great piece of Disney Star Wars content. When this series is over it needs to be edited into a 2 hour movie and leave all the garbage out.
I'm sure Zeb will turn up at some point. They can't bring ALL the cool shit out in one episode 🤣
I was SOOOOOOOOO angry at Sabine. Huyang was great! The combat was exactly as one would expect. Did miss ZEB. Loads of excitement and EMOTION. A+. Not sure if Sabine and Ahsoka should continue as a teacher/student combo, though ... Sabine cannot be trusted ... Sabine is not strong: either in character or in the force. She cannot see the greater good. Mostly ... she was ASKED if she could be counted on; she said always; she meant never. meh.
Crap, crap crap and more crap. Tedious pacing, nerfed lightsabers...I'll let you get back to licking boots. Oh, crap.
To be fair, Zeb wasn't there initially but two of those x-wings bit the dust.  The squadron now has openings! What better way to bring him back in?
And this video is why Disney will continue to pump out shit. Now yes out of the 4 episodes this one is obviously the best out rn. But this episode gets beat by the andor heist, the andor finale, or the andor Prison break scene or the mando s1 or s2 finale. Also a note for the fleet scene, they managed to make the starships worse looking than they did in the second to last andor episode where Luthen destoryed the tractor beam star destroyer
The Ahsoka, Baylan fight caught me off guard. In the fight with Marrok she was already using a single saber style that felt very much inspired by samurai, but when she fought Baylan that took everything up another notch and the speed with which she dispatched Marrok just goes to show that Baylan is not to be trifled with. It's honestly one of my favorite saber duels.
kicking screaming punching yelling filoni’s name until the end of time.
Dude I fist hated hu yang for what he told sabine but I love him for fist fighing an assassin droid
It was good, but like holy crap my boi at the end did not look good
its so different and cool to see the good guys loose, and the whole like aesthetic is just amazing in this show
Now this is what the Sequels should look like. I love it!
Why are the saber duels so slow and wooden nowadays? Even the Luke vs vader fight in episode 6 was much more intense than these fights in the latest tv series
Disagree... the battle with Vader and Kenobi at the end of the Kenobi series.  Nothing has topped that so far..
This episode was one of the the best Star Wars in a long time but the the series has problems. There has been too much of Sabine and her, middling to non existent force powers. Let her be a bad assed in her own way. Asoka spending more than 5 seconds fighting these NPCs is just silly. She held her own against peak Vader.
I totally agree with you on this, it has it's flaws but I give it a 10/10.  I watched it twice and got chills both times. It is really sad we lost Ray Stevenson.  He's been the anchor of this series and it felt like the characters are moving finally moving forward, Sabine still dragging her feet, but Ahsoka felt more like herself.  Baylan, Shin and Morgan are really making this show, they have awesome on screen chemistry!!!  I'm here for it!
Also the nod to Indiana Jones how Ahsoka grabs the map and apparently burns it into her hand.
My theory is that's not Anakin nor a Force Ghost for the very reason of the saber. I think this might be Ahsokas version of the "Cave on Dagobah".   It is Vader's saber this "Anakin" has but there's a few things to point out. Why would a force ghost have a saber? NONE of any of the previous force ghosts we've seen on film have ever carried their sabers. (I literally went back and checked all the force ghost scenes) Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan, Yoda, Luke, Leia...none of them carry their lightsabers once they're ghosts. So why would Anakin carry his in the afterlife and why would he carry Vader's?   Add to the fact he's missing the scar on his face and he's not wearing the same robes he wore at the end of Return of the Jedi and the Vader theme playing at the end just leads me to believe this isn't actually Anakin. Could just be some nightsister "witchcraft" or a test of Ahsoka's "faith" like Luke had on Dagobah. We'll see and while I truly do hope this is actually Anakin there's just too many things here that make me believe the Dark Side is up to it's old tricks again.
Are you high?...this show is God awful in everyday possible way from start to finish...this couldn't have been done any worse if they tried
I love the x-wing at the end wow that was great.
I was kind of disappointed in Sabine, but at the same time i can totally understand. She's just everything, even after regaining her family during the early years of the rebellion to have lost them completely during the fullness of the rebellion must have been an extra heartbreak.  I wonder if part of Ahsoka taking Sabine on as a Padawan was because she'd experienced the crushing loss and she needed to let go, and the Jedi way of detachment was Ahsoka's way of helping Sabine move past all the loss.   Also, Baylan is a badass and a bad guy, but he's an honorable bad guy. I think he and Thrawn will actually get along quite well in that regard. Thrawn was ruthless when he needed to be, but he wasn't unnecessarily cruel.
The line that stuck with me alot was when Ashoka pulled out there saber on Baylan, man just shruggged and said "Inevitable"
It's not Anakin. Remember it's the Ahsoka show.
One thing I've appreciated is the heavy use of practical effects. The droids are crazy and it's cool to see them using practical droids for the close ups and simple motion. They've got the production I think finally down on what's required and it's made it smoother. I hope that after Andor and this, they get their marbles straightened out further.
Great episode but the final draw between Marrock and Ashoka was way too slow and somewhat poorly choreographed to be believable. Rest of the sabre combat was cool tho
So far it was good
Zeb is not there because Zeb isn't back yet. This is BEFORE that episode in Mando. Maybe 2 years or more. If Zeb does get involved in this series/story arc, this will how the Xwing guy and him meet in the first place
nah the combat was so slow. it didnt feel like a lightsaber duel.
I also found that baylan being on the defencive towards the start of the fight was really interesting as it’s unorthodox for a dark sided to be conservative in combat much like dooku
IT-WAS-WILD
5/10 for me.
Hoping this Anakin is the Vader Anakin and Ashoka is being tested.
Why did Hera bring her son on a dangerous mission? She also put her son in danger willingly when she approached the ring ship going into hyperspace that killed 2 pilots. What the hell, Hera?
You’re nuts, this show is not good
I teared up at the end when I saw Anakin, especially that he called Ahsoka "Snips." Took me right back to Clone Wars. That a story made me feel so much emotion is a sign that it's an excellent story. Cannot cannot cannot wait until next week's episode!!!
Hyperbole, surely. Writing was terrible all the way until the third act.
"This was fully Space Opera." Yes. Yes that's it. That sums it up perfectly, and thus is the first time we have had authentic Lucas Star Wars in live action since Revenge of the Sith. There is no higher accolade.
It was a good episode but I have 3 criticisms: 1. too short, if we are going to have only 8 episodes, we need each one to be 45-60mins long, just not moving the story along fast enough, 2. we are halfway through the series and one of the main characters (Thrawn) has not made an appearance yet!, and 3. how did Ahsoka get back into the world between worlds? All she did was fall off a cliff. A story has to be believable and the ending of this episode was not for me.
It was fine
Very good in character and dialogue.  Very plain and flat in cinematography.  I kept wishing it was shot by the Andor team so I could feel like i was in the world.  So few camera moves.  So little use of focal length to look into the world.    You’re not wrong that they did a great job of setting stakes for everyone.    As for the lighting I gotta disagree.  The lighting felt flat.  They’re on a wilderness planet and I never felt a pool of light in the forest.  Never a spray of mist from the sea. It wa a day for lens flares and there were so few.  As for Zeb, I agree he oughta been there, but between Huayang, chopper, and De-aged anakin, the map, the effects guys have enough on their plate.
I was glad Ahsoka was not “Reyed”, she didn’t instantly beat Baylen, she didn’t even win to begin with.  He is most definitely older then Ahsoka, and as a ex Jedi he likely had more training time than Ahsoka did, even after leaving the order.  They are fair adversaries, but Baylen has a SLIGHT edge
Hera bringing Jacen to a possible space battle ??? What kind of mom is she.  That felt weird to me
Not only the best episode .. the whole tv series are the best Star Wars series so far !!😊
This was a really shaky episodes that swung back and forth between somewhat enjoyable and laughably bad.
Sabine is ruining it for me she’s literally been the problem in every episode she’s stubborn, arrogant, and annoying cuz she lacks the skill to back up her attitude leading to conflicts either starting or being prolonged. Ashoka asked her if she could count on her and she said yes.
It definitely was not.. but it was a good episode
I had a couple big issues with this episode, but it was great overall:  Why tf did Hera bring her kid on a dangerous mission? Leave him with the fleet you dumb dumb. Why would the HK droids try and take out Huyang in a melee fight when they could have just waited until Ahsoka and Sabine exited the ship and attacked all of them at once with blasters? I don't understand how falling off the cliff transports Ahsoka to the world between worlds tbh. The force users don't use the force as much as they really should be, it's a massive advantage against normal enemies. Hera was told the ring was a hyperspace ring, yet they just fly straight towards it along it's very obvious jump path??? Why was the eye of Scion below clouds, when last episode it was in orbit? Why did Morgan leave the Henge to 'prepare' for the journey when they all knew there were dangerous saboteurs nearby and if she stayed she could obviously massively help defend the calculations? That one really just seems like such a bad plot contrivance.
ep 4  was predictable garbage - written by a 4 year old. a cinematic marvel of one liners, cliff-hanging dialogue
One of the... NOT. A robot fist fight? Would robots fist fight each other? Would an assassin Droid fist fight?   Also: sending Droid AND 2-3 soldiers against a jedi, a mandalorian and root with a ship.   "best when working together"? Asokha has fought countless battles without the support of what-can-she-do-other-than-use-a-blaster?   The young general has no mark of an officer. Republic makes lose cannon people generals all too easily. Going off on a personal matter, a likely dangerous mission taking her kid along. Why?   Also: 4 episodes in and all we here is ongoing whining about Ezra and plans to jump into hyperspace for thrawn.  Why don't the baddies stick around to fight a flightless jedi ship (which they could have easily shot from the air since they knew it's location)?!?!   And Sabine? Confronted by Asokha telling her about putting peace in the Galaxy over a hope of a rescue mission for their long missing believed dead friend, asks "do you really mean that?" - "yes?!"   Praised Baylen: what's his motive again? More power than you could imagine? - what power? What's the plan here (that involves thrawn, but does not seem to go beyond getting thrawn and then something something "  Shin and her body sensed asokha but asokha did not sense them? They just ran right up to them on a plain before noticing them?  Sabine went to the stormtroopers school of shooting, baddie reflects them anyway cause it looks so cool (I mean, would it have been too much to make the shots digitally appear fired at her vs next to her?) And why does Shin have such difficulty disposing of Sabine? Doesn't she want to?  They let other baddie power move his lights aber swirl and then choose  NOT to show the shot where Asokha bests him? It just happened?! And all of a sudden Asokha and her baddie are only 15 meters away from the other two?   Asokha could have easily disarranged the map set up (since that was so important to her). Movie makers could have given it extra protection to make situation tense rather than ridiculous.   "how long until final coordinates" - droid: "moments" (SW droids are the least logical machines in television)   "Sabine, destroy it!" - OR shoot him first, then destroy it. And when you destroy it maybe do not hold it in your hand lest you want to blaster your hand. AND maybe don't think a jedi dies because she fell off a cliff.  Between general Hera's arrival above the planet, the witch sent a ferry, collected Sabine and friends, and walked from the hanger to the cm and center while Hera's troops haven't gotten to do anything?  "ships are instructing our path" why would he talk of obstruction when they can simply hyperdrive through them? Droids... Also: Hera... No one ever did this in thousands of years of galactic hyperdrive travel or theorized about what happens if a ship in hyper flight flies through matter?
Just understand. that Marrok fighting style looks like night sisters style from Clone Wars and mobile game
There is a thing that i disliked - stances. Maybe it`s my poor knowledge, but there is only one or two star wars lightsaber fight stances and one of them is Avalance. Others - just stances with katanas. Yes, SW inspired from samurai monies, but we already have lightsabers forms with there own stances,  why don`t use them. Marrok are bad. He looks dangerous, even can spar with Ahsoka, and loose so bad. He even not use sword with two hands. Crazy blonde with her mad eyes are terrible. Sabine can fight and even win in fight with her. I think that Shin will be more trained. Baylon looks like he has some wisdom about ideals, maybe he lost his own, when order fall. Realy want to see his development and sad backstory. Hope it will be something interesting.
so now you like the show? you guys go back and forth
It was definitely the best Ahsoka episode. Still a lot of slow walks and slower talks, but at least things happen and Baylon definitely saves the episode for me. Although that ending... with this budget they really can't do proper de-aging?
So theory so Sabine Left her helmet on the ground and we didn't see her pick it back up so I have a feeling that Asoka is going to use it as a wayfinder of sorts to find their way to the other galaxy
Baylon is such a great character, RIP Ray Stevenson, and the story did take a great leap in quality in terms of story, characters, and visuals. Im so excited and I dont want this to stop at 8 episodes.
The main problem I have with this show is not necessarily the acting, its the use of quotes from other Star Wars stories, this put me of. 80% of what they are saying are quotes.
Nope this story is trash! They have really killed Star Wars for me. I had so much hope but this story is just not a story anyone can follow if they haven’t seen anything before this.
I see a lot of polar reactions either lampooning or overpraising this series, and I think the internet's inclination towards hyperbolic discourse has just taken the fun out of everything. This was a really enjoyable episode imho, with some excellent "Star Wars-y" choices and a good dose of Kurosawa vibes. Does it undo the pacing/dialogue issues of the previous episodes? No, but I'm glad to see improvement!  People forget that every single Dave Filoni series before this also had sloppy beginnings, but those shows eventually found their footing. So yeah, a great episode is reason to celebrate and hope that the trend continues through the rest of the season.  If the show isn't your jam, then fine, das cool too. Go watch another show or touch grass or write a novel 🤔 I dunno. Your life is your own, what you do with it is up to you.
Can someone explain to me why a mother would bring her son to such a dangerous place????
They say family  But I think we all know  Sabine is in love with Ezra  A lot of people didn't like the idea of them, and they kinda killed it now in the show, but cmon.  Its so obvious she thinks of him as more than a brother/family.
The story might be good but mercy the directing and the acting are a bit rough at times, and why are these episodes so short!
Anyone who refused to watch or skipped watching Rebels made a catastrophic error…
Really want to know why Anakin’s scar is missing
Yeah youre are right. But I have one big thing against it. Why did Marrok use the spinning part of the blade? It makes no sense. He fought Ashoka knows her "moves". He saw at least heard that other inquisitors died by this. Just why? I think he had to be killed. But this was awesome.
I guarantee you Ahsoka is gonna use the world between worlds to travel to the other galaxy. There’s probably a portal exit there.
Not sure what you guys watched and what I watched. Another average episode
Agreed this episode was fantastic!
Finally some live action Star Wars that made me FEEL something  Easily better than S2 Finale of Mando for me.. (don't reallly like Grogu lol)
10/10 episode
Anyone notice how the colors of the live action world between worlds the same as force ghost colors. I think the world between worlds is key to becoming a force ghost.
Really? I disliked quite a bit about it, and I have loved previous episodes. So many “why would you DO that???” moments… why chase Shin by yourself? Why use the lightsaber instead of all your mando gear? Why stay there to fight Shin while Ahsoka goes running after Baylon by herself? Why fight Baylon with a single saber? Just so many really poor decisions in the fights, in general.
Do we think Baylan used Djem So form? I think that makes the most sense to me.
I feel like there is going to be an Indiana Jones moment in one of the episodes.
Disney “Star Wars” is nothing but woke trash.
The haters are very quiet right now 😂
Of course Ahsoka was gonna give us the best episode of Star Wars ever, it's the Ahsoka series! Dave Filoni knows what's up
Was that Anakin or Vader? I am honestly confused. It looks like Anakin, but 'Your eyes can deceive you, do not trust them'.   Add to that? The saber looks like Vader's. Not Anakin's from 'The Clone Wars' or 'Revenge of the Sith'.  Then the ending music sounded like the opening notes to Darth Vader's theme.  So, if it is Anakin... From 'when' has he come? Before he was redeemed? After? Gah! My head hurts...
THIRTEEN
She clearly was not struggling against him… you’re making it seem like she’s outmatched
I wasn’t prepared for how good the Ghost looked in live action.
I like how expressive the fight between Shin and Sabine is. I won't spoil how it ends but Shin is hesitant, almost showing lack of confidence at times and it makes her seem very human and relateable, although still on the wrong side of course. She's evil, perhaps, but hardly a cold calculating machine and under her aggression and hate she seems quite vulnerable. Anyone exposing that by defying her or showing her up must however die. Sabine is also emotional, angry, out for revenge for before and also that these people are trying to take away her one chance of rescuing Ezra. It makes for great scenes but is not being a good Jedi, at least in the traditional sense. Seeing this I fear for her turning to the dark at some point. In this though she embodies everything about Star Wars, the very essence of the struggle depicted with Luke in the original Trilogy.  One might even imagine Shin switching to the light if given something solid to hope for. Sabine might do the opposite in hopes of getting Ezra back. We'll see how this all plays out.
I actually personally prefer the choreography of Shin's and Sabine's duel. I think their swordplay was more practical and tight, _but_ the blocking of Baylen's and Ahsoka's duel was way better, displaying the disparity of fighting styles between tbe two. The slow moments as they size each other up and shift their stances is just peak Star Wars.
I wonder why she ended up in the world between the worlds
It’s gonna be tough counting down the hours until next weeks episode. Loved this one and cannot wait for more ❤
I just can't be the only one thst is bothered by the world between worlds. I am not saying that to bash it but it hurts my brain understanding how she is there considering she now has the power to alter major events in cannon, that and why Anakin seemingly isnt a force ghost. Cool ideas but the execution just seems so sloppy. That and Marrok seemingly forgetting history that the spinning blade trick never works. I know he hasn't done much but just based off the fight on Corellia it seemed like he was gauging Ahsoka's fighting style so him just eating shit like that felt forced.
The choreography was like a classic samurai movie
I had to click on this just to see if it was a joke. I don't know that I've ever hated a SW episode this much.  The writing was atrocious. The acting was middling. The story line got where it needed to, but it was a painful, grueling process.  I probably will keep watching the series, but after watching ep 4 - I wasn't so sure I could stomach more of this badly constructed story.
This is where the fun begins!
Literally a 10/10 episode. Not a single complaint.
Hey @eck How do you use Disney clips without being flagged for copyright? We’re struggling over here.
Director was one from the Spiderverse movies lol. Direction matters so much
The pacing in this show has been fantastic.  Had this been Kenobi or Mando S3 we wouldn't have gotten an episode like this until 6 or 7.
I love how quickly people gain interest again soon as they flash an AI face of an old character. Lol it’s so funny.  Didn’t they do the same with mando with Luke ? Where did that end up?
This episode 4 should have been so great, even awesome. But not. After watching a third time I am not as angry the fist time I watched it. First episode 3 : OK lets jump out of hyper space because everything is jammed (scans and communications). OMG, we crashed landed... first repair communications so we can contact the base... You just said a few minutes ago that the hole sector was jammed!?  The fight with Marrok was so bad. So disappointing.  Sabine holding the map at laser gun point, I will destroy the map and disintegrate my hand doing it!!? Really?  I certainly have a big problem with Sabine, maybe because she might fall to the dark side. Even if she isn't a Jedi. She is behaving like a teenager and not a trained warrior. Her make-up is so wrong, she looks like a teenager who is having an acne attack and is smearing tons of make-up to hide all the spots she has on her face.  Sabine looks more like a fashion model than a real warrior. And the funniest part is when she walks around without her Armor? Is she or is she not a Mandalorian? The worst is when she puts hands on her hips.. I finally found out what was troubling me, she looks like Olive Oyl in Popeye. Lolololololol!  With the come back of the "World between world" those this mean Disney is finally going to destroy the last trilogy? Starting a complete new story after The return of the Jedi? This would really be awesome.
That ending.. oh my goodness.. I felt like a kid again
I’m perhaps in the minority here but while I loved Baylon as a character and his fighting style, I was very disappointed at how easily he was able to beat down Ashoka. Rosario Dawson is just not agile enough to play Ashoka. Remember, Ahsoka has gone up against Darth Vader, Darth Maul etc and acquitted herself way better than in this rather pathetic attempt. Also, why did she suddenly not use her two-handed style. She could have easily swept his legs out from under him a couple of times and she didn’t even use force push against him, whereas she easily knocked out Shin. Somewhat disappointing. It’s basically the Sabine Wren show. In general in this show so far, the “good guys” have been mostly stupid and incompetent and the bad guys are running rings around them.
Baylen gives off Temple Guard vibes with his combat stances and positions
Best episode indeed, though, I still don't get why they stand by the cliff glancing at the sky all the time they appear on the screen. I rate it 10/10 bc it was indeed the best star wars since Rogue One
Pretty unbelievable how that fat, clumsy b level force user could defeat Ahsoka. And can we stop with the arrogant assumptions as fans saying " now this feels like THE REAL star wars" who the hell are you to carry the torch
1) The only reason toxic nerds hate this show is the reason they hate anything: even one lead woman or person of color sends them into a rage.  2) That Sabine Wren always chooses her own selfish interests over her immediate friends and comrades, nevermind the good of the galaxy, is awful. I mean, she should look at what she did in this episode as letting Ashoka die before her eyes and starting a new war to MAYBE rescue Ezra.  I don't really care what hoops Filoni has her jump through now. Sabine is trash.
Agree with everything you said except Anakin’s face & hair. I don’t know if that was Deep Face or wig makeup but I laughed so hard for 19 minutes straight looking at his face.
Baylan is what i wish dooku was like
The casting is this show is so bad. It is impossible to believe that Sabine is a Mando. Who picked the actress. She is no warrior.
Sabine’s family got disintegrated by an imperial weapon capable of melting beskar
This episode was superior in part because Dave Filoni did NOT direct. I know the fans love him, but he is incompetent with live action writing and direction.
Imperial March at the end gave me Goosebumps
Excellent episode. The build to Thrawn is sweeome.
I love how ahsoka made some Japanese katana poses with her sabers
SO WE NOT GONNA TALK ABOUT ANAKIN
my family was rolling their eyes at sabine surrendering but they haven't seen rebels, i have and was like 'honestly yea'
what's wrong with Jacen's hair lol
Baylan the only male and cool character
Agreed
It was amazing
I could be wrong but I believe the turn & slash technique performed by Baylon in this episode came from a scene in a samurai film called Hidden Blade! Thoughts?! https://youtu.be/BiLFz9xFiNI?si=M1XbnEAKtMcscRyJ
No spoiler alert?😢
Can see Thrawn being almost an anti-hero in this show. Like there is something in the other Galaxy far worse than the Empire and they need to work with him to stop it. With him only turning on them afterwards when he has seen the incompetence of the new rebublic for season 2. Otherwise Ezra will have been sitting in a cell on a crippled star destroyer for 5 years.  Although if there is a resurgence of the Empire that is a serious threat to thr New Republic it makes there continued uselessness in the sequels make even less sence.
Sabine acted like an idiot.
I was having so much funnnnn while watching im so hyped !!!
Baylan is that dude man i so much love him
It actually is just anakins lightsaber. It has the gold switch piece on the side that vaders does not. Just a little correction for anyone who reads this
Marrok definitely ghost of maul he died almost exactly the same way as he did from obi
The more Baylon becomes one of the best villains in Star Wars history, the more it makes me sad this will be the only time we see his character, at least played by Stevenson.
Midi-chlorians for all
I really hope they’re smart with ezra thrawn return , they have spent so many years trapped there together - they could be friends now , or stayed enemies created like a world down there and more people were there before , thrawn coulda manipulated ezra to use more dark side and become more of a ruthless guy. I don’t think thrawn will let them kill ezra instantly
Totally was so good this episode !  Saber fight between Baylan and Ahsoka !!! best since Disney took over starwars.
Very interesting development with Marok. I'm interested to see how it turns out that this entity was created. Maybe, and I'm wearing my theory tinfoil hat, Marok is somehow based on Ezra's force powers? I'm mostly hinging this on the fact that Maroks mask is flashing blue rather than red during the intro sequence, so it's a bit of a stretch😅
Holy unbelievable shit.  Disney can't fight its way out of this wet paper bag.
Definitely disagree on it being even good Eck. Usually aligned but it just feels like filler with a rushed reunion.
I do like how Huyang almost feels like he is animated in an old school stop motion kind of way.
Thats definitely anakin's lightsaber, vader's has a black band in the middle, this one is clearly silver, and its hard to see but the tip doesnt look black either  Though it would have been an awesome little detail if he did still have the vader saber, assuming this is actually anakin/his force ghost and not some vision
I think Baylon and shin are revived Jedi that’s why they look grey and white
The Sabine twist caught me so off guard and the ending made me giddy
That show sucks, Disney destroyed Star Wars
What I can think of that Ahsoka was knocked out and she was before the world between worlds. So she is imaging things and she already knows that Anakin was Vader for a long time and only luke was able to turn him to the light side. The only things is also possible that Anakin as a forceghost is accepted his past and he was redeemed by the force. That explains the lightsaber and the shape of him as a force ghost.
Just give Dave Filoni full creative authority of Star Wars, he's single handedly rejuvenating the franchise. Proving already he's the man in charge to assimilate George's ideas while leveraging his characters.  Anakin's return in the World Between Worlds provides the wisdom Ahsoka needs to rebuild their connection, in order to save and then properly train Sabine. There's now a bigger opportunity to explore his redemption arc more in depth, showing how he helped to guide Ahsoka reconciling their relationship
Loved this episode! Baylon is fantastic! His combat style really reflects his size and power! Im really hoping to see Baylon and shin survive it all and join Lukes academy....not likely.
I have no problems with slow burn Star Wars.  It is certainly less predictable than the typical sci-fi/fantasy productions.
Imagine if a season had eight of these, instead of just one.
I fell asleep a little on the long stare down and some dragging dialogues. But great fights, happy that Lady Tano isn't a Mary Sue, nice choreographed fight for both pairs especially how visibly strong the late Ray's character is. And deepfake Ep 3 Anakin is a warming surprise.
I think that when an inquisitor dies their spirit lives on, not like becoming one with the forces but ties to a place. The GI in the comics is forced to guard a temple in death, perhaps that’s what is happening to Marrok
I think its the SON reaching out to her (as the embodiment of the daughter).
I understand why she did it she thought Ahsoka was dead what she might be there was no one else there but Balin she had no other way to ever get to Ezra he's all of the cleft of her family she decided to go with it and hope that they can sort it out later later
Ok, I need something tied up who made the map to find Ezra and grand Admiral.
"hello snips" made me wana fucking cry
Honestly it just shows how low the bar us with star wars. Baylan is a great character though. I'm sick of the drawn out shots of people standing around.
Baylon is a bad ass, i can feel the weight of his Saber in all his moves.
Oh shit a shill
Ya it looks visually cool but it makes no sense. How was this map made? Who made it? How were the hyperspace engines built in a new republic ship yard without anyone noticing? And why didn’t they just shoot missiles at one engine? And it took way too long for them to reach it before it went into hyperspace tbh. It’s a starship not a car. This is just my opinion, if I missed anything please enlighten me.
Ahsoka was too angry...
so happy for marrok tbh
“About a dozen clicks out” should have just been “about twelve clicks out.” It didn’t sound right for Star Wars
This was good but it wasn't I can't swim
Honestly I hae'ven't watched Rebels, but was the decision in Sabine's character? Is she how old? Like 5? I understand a choice like that from a youth whose whole world is their one best friend, but Sabine has seen an invasion of her homeworld twice, she's a war veteran and raised in high-warrior society. She can't be that daft really?
My favourite part about starwars are the visuals and the space stuff
I really enjoyed the episode. I am not sure exactly why, but I am not in love with the show and can't really get on the excited/hype train.
Sadly, I think the reason for zeb not being here is his model is probably extremely expensive for cgi  With sabin's family being dead, it's no wonder why she's pushing so much to find ezra he's really what she has left and doesn't want to losse him
Agreed about this episode, it had me at the edge of my seat and that hasn't happened for awhile.  I hope they stick more with Sabine using more mandalor fighting styles with a dash of jedi.  I liked that Ashoka actually smiled and the acting didn't seem so wooden.  One of my complaints with the series so far as I don't think they've nailed Ashoka yet.  From Clone Wars to Rebels, her portrayal in this just seems off character, not enough passion I think.  She never finished her jedi training and that may be a good thing as she would not be so stoic and cold IMO.  I know Lucafilm has said that Grey Jedi isn't a thing but if it was, I think Ashoka would fit the bill.
this video is pure cope. ahsoka is not good at all, just like the mandalorian
I just love that these episodes are better than the rey palpatine (she don’t deserve the skywalker name) movies in every way, shape and form
Definitely not the best episode of a Star Wars tv show, but certainly the best episode of Ahsoka so far. Finally we're getting to see something consequential happen and the late Ray Stevenson is finally being allowed to show the depth of his acting ability. Sadly though the episode still suffers from the cartoonish acting and blocking of some characters and scenes, as well as the lacklustre fight sequences. So far Ahsoka has been a show with great ideas with poor execution- but this episode was certainly a step in the right direction.
Being dissatisfied with Marrok is probably the best example of people making up stuff and then getting angry.
Sabine need to go somewhere, anywhere. Utterly useless pain in the arse
I feel that thrawn will return to the galaxy through victor prime.  That would be a very interesting connection to the vong invasion.
Ani and AHsoka are going to dual
I love that Marrock was nothing. Doesn’t take anything away from Baylan and anikan ooof
This episode was amazing. I don't say this often but, no notes!
I do think it’s some of the best Star Wars I have seen in awhile. It was great pacing and events. The Sabine handing over the map was incredible scene…. The ending big cliff hanger. Episode 5 will be really interesting. 4 episodes left and I’m really interested how it goes.  I agree with the Sabine take. The light saber training is just to embrace her full potential not necessarily become a Jedi.
I'm really dissapointed that Sabine entirely went against Ezra's sacrifice. Imo, it would have been MUCH better had she struggled with it, before destroying the map, only for Thrawn to show up above Seatos in command of some faction of whatever extra-galactic force he could find, maybe a Chiss Expeditionary Force unit that was exploring the galaxy, perhaps as the galaxy was the home of the Grysk.  It's honestly really dissapointing when I can come up with a better storyline than what we get WHILE watching the episode.
this episode was so all over the place, so confusing ,the motivations so random... but i actually had to laugh ... this now ,officially went into cartoon comedy territory.  and the best part of the show literally went up into smoke.
I don't get why people have a problem with the green hair?
I really couldn’t stand jacen when I first saw him in rebels. And yes the green hair is jarring, but the actor who plays him did a really good job with conveying emotion through facial expressions and voice inflections this episode, I actually find myself enjoying the character now. I thinks he’s a fun little kid who makes a good partner for chopper
Next episode: Senate rabble.
Thank you!
Baffling how a Jedi and Mandalorian managed to get ambushed...and Sabine has to be the shiddiest Mandalorian ever lol...not to mention the shiddiest interception ever.
To me, Sabine is just useless. She feels like the bumbling sidekick that's always in trouble and always makes the bad decision. She feels like lazy writing and is used badly all around.
This episode confirms that you will have a 100% chance of winning when you see the inquisitor begin Spinning the lightsabers
Zeb will appear in the next episode! :)
bro this episode was PHENOMENAL. Baylan is one of my personal favorite villains because of his overall presence. He's so alluring yet intimidating -- and it's got me hooked onto what his personal motivations are. For once, I actually want the villains to win just to see how things play out LOL. Also the way he cracked into Sabine's survivor's guilt by mentioning that bit about Ezra and Mandalore..... THIS MAN CAN FIGHT AND MANIPULATE!!!!!!!!!!! Overall a 10/10 episode and cannot wait for more
I’m so excited so Ahsoka the white destroy Baylan
Baylan is great. RIP Ray Stephenson.
You know Zeb has to be showing up over the next few episodes. Carson is obvious a bridge to bring him in for assistance
You're in a really good mood because you brought back the Corgi outro
I thoroughly enjoyed this recent Episode. 4 of Star Wars: Ahsoka. The light-sabre combat and fight sequences were very decent and I am now quite excited for the fifth episode.
Asoka is such a better star wars that the 3rd trilogy
Hey, Rian Johnson.... Did you notice that hyperspace jump DAMAGING NOTHING ON ITS WAY? DID YOU NOTICE IT; MORON ?.
I hope Ashley Eckstein will do the voice for young Ahsoka!
I love Ahsoka's fighting style, im seeing some katana influence and all the moves seem heavy but meaningful
@Eckhartsladder do you also believe the leaked picture of Ahsoka (Rosario) and Maul (Ray Park/Sam Witwer) on the Volume in Tatooine set-up might be real?
Best live action star wars episode since mando season two finale
10 out of 10! Absolutely fantastic 👏.  Now this is Star Wars 😊
I Now went a baylan  tv Show starting at order 66 till Ahsoka Episode 1
I did not liked the first 3 episodes but this episode was cool. i kinda like the bad guys better so far than the good guys, and the show so far looks like they are going to win
What an amazing episode. My only problem was in the ahsoka vs baylan fight, that just really didn't feel like ahsoka's fighting style. Like, compare it to her fight with vader. Her advantage over big, strong opponents like that is how fast and acrobatic she is. It also doesn't make any sense to me why she didn't use both of her lightsabers. I just think it would have been really cool to see her acrobatic fighting style in live action. And this just felt like someone else's fighting style.
Amazing episode finally! I take back all the bad things I said about Dave Filoni the past few week😆
So marrock was savage oppress all along XD
Maybe the Vader lightsaber with the young appearance means Anakin achieved full balance after death, so his form represent both aspects.. i dont know. But thats what immediately came to my mind when i thought about it
My only complaint is the lightsaber fights. It was a visually dark episode and the lightsabers should have had that glow the lightsabers in the sequel series had… it would have looked awesome. I also felt the combat was a tad lethargic
Why did Hera take her child into active combat zone ?
Was only disappointed when Ahsoka decided to waste time, use the completely ridiculous reverse grip, and only one sword, for what? To make it more sporting to fight Marrok? She could have just dispatched him and got on with it. BTW reverse grip doesn't even look good in movies. Also, did I miss her losing the second saber? She also makes the Baylan duel more spring than it needed to be.
I don't know, this episode felt like it was 75% just duels that looked good, but that's it. The rest was great.
“Powerful strokes that Ashoka can hardly deal with”  😂 well said
I must live on a different planet because this episode was still boring to me.
i loved the fact that when ashoka killed marrok it was just like those old samurai movies. also i don’t think he’s just a magic puppet per se, but he’s imbued with nightsister magic. like remember that scene jn TCW where Savage had his arm cut off? The same musty crusty dusty stuff came out of him too. He could be either a rerehealed Maul (though i doubt it cuz his arc ended), a reanimated Maul, or just a random zebrak with magicks.
She's way too slow in her fight scenes.  She's supposed to be very fast. Disney just can't get Star Wars right.
I really liked the duel because I worked to each character's strengths. Ray's a big guy (for you) so having Baylon do big strong strikes was great. Meanwhile Absoka is younger and more flexible so her being more Acrobatic was great too
This was the most...except for that, that and that. Great opening take and walking it back.
It was a great episode... really amazing
Sooooo gooooood!! Finally🙏
100% correct. Amazing episode. Baylan is one of the best antagonists.
Really wishing Christopher Nolan had been the one to continue the Star Wars films ect... that man grew up focused on Star Wars and you can see that in his films... Enough of this Dave Filoni baloney.
Jaw droped and sheded tear of happiness at the end. Overall 20/10 Dave Filoni really know how to Star Wars.
As each episode unfolds it makes me even more depressed that Ray Stevenson is gone 😢  His character is so good, and it's a terrible loss to Star Wars and the world.  I wouldn't be surprised if Zeb made an appearance. I don't think having Carson Teva in this episode was "fan service" I think he was there to act as a bridge between Hera and Zeb as a way to have Zeb brought into the show.  Be interesting to see what he flies, is it going to be a U-Wing? He's certainly too big for an A/E/X/Y wing. Maybe a B-Wing?  This was a great episode.  Why? Because you can always count on Filoni.  He is a rare breed in Hollywood these days... A storyteller.  That is what he is, that is all he wants to be.  The story means everything to him. Not what kind of social commentary he can squeeze into it.  People are going to argue that the show is front end loaded with women, and yes it is. But it's organic, it just happens to be that's how the story unfolded.  It wasn't forced on us, the story wasn't written around it being mostly women. Mostly women became part of the story!  That's how you make it work!   This is kinda a hard show to watch. Part of me wants to see what happens next. But part of me doesn't want it to end because that means we are going to lose Ray Stevenson and that sucks.  What did the future hold for Baylan? We may never know. Even if he dies at the end of Ahsoka, was that his TRUE destiny?
THIS EPISODE SUCKED AND IT MADE NO SENSE I AAM CONVINCED YOU PEOPLE Hve no brain cells and truly get excited for the most mediocre stuff the duels sucked ahsoka sucked sabine sucks the plot sucked and how the hell did she fall into. the world between worlds? that's bulshit lazy writing and now anakin shows up out of nowhere worst episode ever
I genuinely love the choreography of Ahsoka's duels, with how clearly it's inspired by old timey samurai movies, and getting to speculate about Baylan's motivations with the little hints he's been giving so far.
It's anakin's episode 3 saber, not vader's hilt
I don't understand the issue with "everyone having the force". This has always been known. Can everyone wield it? Nope. Can anyone "tap into" or "feel" it, yes. Think of Han, Poe, Finn, Chirrut, etc. They are obviously guided by it, but can't move cups with their mind either lol
The worse Star Wars episode ever, the writers were playing with each other’s light sabers! Bunch of butt pirates. They should’ve wrote for the movie Barbie.
I've got one burning question; where the fuck is Luke Skywalker in this?
Man u are a liar
Well, Marrok should have ended up like Darth Maul, cut in two, but Disney lightsabers are just non-lethal glow sticks. It will never feel like true Star Wars until lethality is brought back to lightsabers.
Shin and Baylan are such a good characters. 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾
THIS IS STAR WARS
They need to chill out with the visuals and lighting. I’m getting a massive seizure with the amount of high flashes when watching this
I completely disagree. This epsiode was good but it completely falls short of even the worst episodes of Andor. This is overblown.
Damn bro! What a spoiler alert
That cut to the fleet immediately made me think of you Eck. It looks like something straight out of Return of the Jedi.  The Marrok stuff is fascinating too....that can't be the end of his story.
I could be dumb but why didn’t she use both sabres
I like how Baylan isn't absolutely evil. It shows that he's definatley not a Sith. If the name of the episode wasn't clue enough.
The lightsaber fight okay, but I hate the too many cut it had....it can be a bit more organic & fluid tho
i am just sad they couldn't figure out a story like this for Obi Wan
you see guys ! this is why it keep happenig   no matter how botched a star wars movie/episode . you can be sure to find a **** to tell you how good it was  and making olympic gymnastic to justify that crap   P.S  i bet 10$ that the girl/sith/apprentice will be betrayed by his master wich will try to convert Sabine
Aside from that one clear shot of the stunt double and some of the fights being a LITTLE slow and stilted this episode was absolutely incredible. The fights, the mood, the atmosphere, the reveals. Did anyone else feel like the music was very KOTOR esque at the beginning? I wonder if there really is a connection there? Also wondering if Marrok still plays a role despite his defeat.
I’m honestly relieved that Sabine didn’t manage to defeat Shin. As soon as Ahsoka left her to fight Shin alone, I thought they were going to go down that route and have Sabine come out on top somehow because bad plot. It’s nice to see that Baylan and Shin are actual threats to Ahsoka and Sabine as opposed to them being amateur villains.
Shill detected.
shouldn't talk about the show , it hurts the actors strike
Idk why ahsoka fights only one light saber
Simple solution on following the Eye of Sion is to just hitch a ride with a Purrgil.  Since Ahsoka has a master-padawan connection with Sabine,  Ahsoka can convince a Purgill to follow her connection to Sabine in the general direction to the dwarf galaxy.  Unfortunately Ahsoka doesn't have a connection to Ezra so she can't home in his location other than asking the Purrgil to find other Purrgils as i'm under the assumption that they have a way to communicate with each other.
Carson is like Hoid in The Cosmere books. He shows up where ever plot is happening in the galaxy.
Why does Anakin have his robot hand?
Episode 3 disappointed, but holly shitttttttttttttttttttt, Episode 4 nailed it. Felt like a movie man. The lightsaber duals were incredible.
Peak fuckin' Star Wars.
Zeb's appearance would cost too much production wise! 💲💲💲
I'm watching for butts.  Filoni is a pervert, it's great.
ROCK'EM SOCK'EM ROBOTS.
SPOILER WARNING NEXT TIME PLEASE, I KNOW I'M PARTLY TO BLAME BUT STILL
Still boring.
Him going out in dark smoke just achieves how Marrok realling looked like he's from Dark Souls...And not only because of the armet. He does look, move and fight like some sort of cursed bloodhound knight
I don't think that was Darth Vader's Lightsaber, its way to black and we all know from canon that it wasn't that black.
Why isn’t anyone talking about this; in the intro to the Ashoka show when you see all the characters helmets and they come up either red (evil) and blue (good) but you can clearly see morrok in blue, is that foreshadowing a possibility that he will end up turning to galen marrick or a new canon version of him?
5:34 Clearly Shin never played Battlefront 2...
Why in the hell is there still no thrawn or ezra , we half way through bruh - this has to be setting up a thrawn show or movie or something with ezra and thrawn , I’m not having just a couple episodes of him lol that’s dumb.
Seriously? Wow, your standards are proper low then guy!
Baylan is defo my favourite character in this series. I’m honestly suprised of how good this ep is my only complaint is probably marrok being some smoke undead thing but I’m sure they’re gonna explain that. I was very suprised to see Anakin and the world between worlds too
Baylan was DOPE!
Just finished it.  Excellent fights!  Great character development!  Crazy twist!    Hell yeah good!
Truly wonderful episode!Baylan's incredible persona,the battle of the apprentices,the atmosphere & pacing... a joy.🤯🏆
I laughed so hard when marrok died cause you got all these people saying its star killer no its kannen no its ezra no its gulp shitto. Just for all of it to be nobody just like i predicted and now all those people going to be mad that marrok wasnt who the thought it would be.
One of the best? OH YA!!! I loved this episode.
liked it a lot! but... still not impressed by Sabine's disobedience and the obvious foreshadowing from Ahsoka, "can I trust you?" Pretty sure we all saw she was going to do something stupid in that moment!
I kept waiting for Marrok to proclaim “I FIGHT FOR THE USERS!!” Then rip his helmet off and it’s Bruce Boxleitner.
Ray Stevenson was incredible in this rest in peace Ray. Sundulla and her son was the best part
Rip Ray Stevenson 😢
I’m so glad the media is satisfied with this episode. After all of the Marrok speculation I was terrified that this show was going to be crapped out like all the others when he got killed. And the fight with Baylan🔥🔥🔥
Great episode. Sabine drives me nuts though.
Trash
Marrok got infinity stoned 😂
Finally a good episode. Weak start, too many quotes, but then it started. -  Yes!
never trust a Mando that is not named din jarin LOL
I can really understand Sabine’s “turn” here. This doesn’t make me angry, and I think that zeb will be called in; where ahsoka and huyang will join the ghost crew. Ahsoka will communicate with the purgill and follow them through hyperspace to where thrawn and Ezra are. This was an incredible episode!!
Everything about this episode was phenomenal. I'm 41 years old, and by the end of it I was that little boy again who had just watched Star Wars for the first time. I was excited, full of joy and wonder. Like you said, the only issue I had was  Zeb and Kallus not being in it. Baylon  is the stand-out character. He's a really cool villain with a lot of complexity to him. I really want to learn more about him, especially after some of the stuff he said in this episode. He doesn't feel like a Sith, Jedi light or Dark. He seems to be walking a much different path, whereas Shinn feels like a dark Jedi. He knows so much about Ahsoka and Sabine. When he said, "I keep my word, unlike your master." Seemed personal, like he knows her from his past and feels betrayed by her. It has me wondering if he's Petro from The Clone Wars. The last time we see that character in the show is when he meets Anakin.
Lol you tripping
If Legends has any influence here, Hera will go back to the New Republic to say they messed up, BUT they will instead slam her for disobeying orders AND losing two X-wings and possibly two pilots...she may even get booted or demoted...I think a very similar thing happens to Han in the OG Thrawn trilogy...could be wrong.
Baylon is using Form V Djem So as well as Form 1. Djem So is the same form as Anakien Skywalker and Luke Skywalker.  it was developed at the same time as Form 4 Ataru(yoda, Qui Gon Jin and Young Obi Wan)  They were both created as the opposite of Form 3 Soresu(Obi Wan) because a lot of Jedi wanted a more of a  offensive style. It is characterized as agressive with relentless barrage of broad sweeps and slashes and using the force to embelish physical attacks. Baylon lumbers around a lot using Form 1 as well...basic blocks, slashes and parries. The first form you learn as a Jedi or Sith. Was great to see  Ahsoka switching stances and styles using her Form V Shien with reverse grip(which Anakien hated) and choosing NOT to use both lightsabers(Jar kai) Not for nothing but as a person who is writing about Star Wars...shouldn't you have noticed all this?
Night of a Thousand Tears, when Mandalore (and prolly Sabine's family) was destroyed under the orders of Moff Gideon. They showed this in Boba Fett EP05.
True version of Star Wars 😂 how is that like the OG! Such imbecilic comments from You Tubers. The OG is the true version of Star Wars.
Jacen Syndulla needs to be trained by Ahsoka. Can always hand him over to be  Ezra's padawan when he is found & ready. Ahsoka should be teaching him the basics a youngling would learn.
Absolutely great episode! Tense af!
does Sabine have Ahsoka's other lightsaber?
I loved the comparison between Baylons and Ashokas styles, I personally saw it as a Knight vs a Samurai with Ashoka only using her singular blade.
the lightsaber duel was perfect imo. the stances, the forms, the choreography, the tense moments in between. it felt like a genuine lightsaber duel and that hyped me up so much
this is how you do a lightsaber duel. it felt like an actual lightsaber duel.
I enjoyed that the sum total of Sabine's force abilities is to bitch slap Shin
The force may be with her 😢
Really?  It was okay. It was fine. The Pacing was still too slow, the combat was...nice, I guess. It's definitely improving but it's still pretty slow.  Loved the little Huyang scrap.
Omg Anakin was Anakin, chill out guys
That was NOT Darth Vader’s light saber!
My big gripe, WHERE WAS MORAI  All I want from this show is to see morai,
Ray has left behind a truly remarkable final performance for us to experience. 💜
this episode was great but i was confused why Ahsoka was only dueling with one lightsaber instead of her usual two as she probs would've bet Baylan if she used both
The choreography was bad for me, but baylen was a good touch & he did his role well. The Shin vs Sabine fight was stupid.. when she says “grab the map & run” she stands right beside her enemy shoulder to shoulder basically in a combat form & she didn’t even bother to try do anything then after some bluffing & talking for no reason for 15 seconds she says “I got this” & continues to do a half ass fight.😕😕
Is this an episode worth while if I just haven't been watching, and can't bring myself to gaf?
This episode was just amazing. Everything about it.
So f-ing agreed!! I watched it back to back. I was blown away!
'i cant believe sabine wouldn't let go of ezra!' feels like a weird thing to say.
Sabine's whole life sucks so bad that I don't really blame her, even though she's going against the purpose of Ezra's sacrifice. It's been pretty clear that she has had a one track mind to find Ezra at any cost. Jedi + attachment is a dangerous combination.  Well... at least Thrawn hasn't actually returned yet... so she hasn't completely undone what Ezra did yet (that's probably copium though). And I know jedi love to be cryptic, but "I'm counting on you" is probably not specific enough for Sabine to actually know what to do.
Asoka samurai ronin
I liked the episode but sorry, Mandalorian is still top on my list
What are you talking about? This is clearly the EP3 skinnyflex saber. Vaders Saber has a black clamp and a black emitter. Here you can clearly see the brushed aluminum silver clamp of the skinnyflex and the chrome body with the golden button. How could anyone possible see Vaders saber here????
Its crazy how much possibilities this era has. All the lore, stories and characters that can be set up and explored... that we know ultimately goes absolutely nowhere lol
Just watched. IT WAS BRILLIANT. AMAKIN TOO!
so many stories tell of good vs evil. fewer stories discuss what is good and what is evil
if marrok is confirmed dead I am gonna be mad
RIP Ray Stevenson,
I took a closer look at Anakin’s lightsaber and it is his. The robe was covering the emitter.
Normally, if something Star Wars, is meh I usually just shrug my shoulders.   Tonight, I felt something I haven’t felt in years. I felt tears in my eyes, redness in my face, and a smile a mile long. This was incredible.
This is what Disney live for. Pump out continuous trash but make sure to add couple of decent scenes so people can go ballistic for half a slice of stale dollar store bread after being fed crumbs for so long. There is nothing to praise about this episode except for once it’s somewhat entertaining compared to the low bar Disney loves to subjugate their patrons.
It was 35 minutes of mostly pointless fight scenes and the plot progressing at a snail's pace. If that's the most Star Wars episode of a show, ever, then that's... quite sad.
Ill admit i was abit disappointed with marrok but i guess balon and shin are the real stars i just wanted to know more about marrok and why he was there
What if it isn’t Anakin but the Son
I'm enjoying that we are getting something different than Jedi v Sith this time around. It's still light v dark, but they aren't true Jedi going against evil. Ashoka and Sabine are open to tactics a Jedi wouldn't use. Baylan and Shin aren't evil, they are just open to using the dark side of the force. The various fighting styles are also making for some interesting duels. It's become one those shows that I won't pick up my phone or anything. I just focus on the show and nothing else.
Really!? Come on, it wasn't that good. Sabine was the most annoying in this episode. So obvious that she was gonna go that way.
My one complaint is that Sabine's helmet got knocked off lol. I WANT TO SEE FULLY ARMORED MANDO LIGHTSABER FIGHTING.  Also I find all these Disney lightsaber duels are a little too slow and heavy at times. I liked the slightly faster duels in the prequels and clone wars.
The force from the title of this video is INSANE
As a 20 year medeival combat veteran I have to say that this is absolutely not hiw knights fight. Ray stevenson was a great actor but a terrible swordfighter. His stance is way to straight, clumsy and awkward. They have to cut away after every strike to make it look like a fight. His acting outside the combat saves the day though. The Marrok Ahsoka fight was also really weird. Not sure what the deal is with holding your sword backward. Seem like a teally silly way to fight. And that weird rotating saber is the dumbest weapon ever! You cant attack or defend with that! Loved how Ashoka killed him with a single strike after he switched it on though (as every even remotely competant fencer would). Really liked the episode though. It is the emotional drama that keeps the fights interesting. But purely from a technical standpoint the fights where pretty bad.
The removing Sabine's helmet reminded me of the last ant man where they found ways to constantly remove characters' helmets. Call me a mandalorian, but I wish they could accept characters wearing their helmets during fights.
I disagree with the sentiment that this is the best Star Wars episode, but I’d agree that it is the best Star Wars episode when you remove the entire show of Andor. Because imo this doesn’t even hold up to the worst episode of Andor
I just came here from finishing the episode and I felt like I just watched a damn movie.
This episode was insane
Omg. No it wasn't. Stop lying.
It’s the Graflex hilt from ROTS.  It just looks distorted because of the lighting.
I want zeb to but maybe he’s a ranger so he’s out on assignments
Great review. I might see Ahsoka in a two-three years time then. Fuk Disney.
That’s Anakin’s saber!
Morrok is the Snoke of this series😂 don't theorise so much, because you might get dissapointed. Like Snoke wasn't THE FOCUS of the story ( Kylo Ren was) the same goes for Marrok. Baylan and Shin are the main protagonists. Me personally, I liked that Marrok isn't linked to soemone we already know, it would steer the focus away from our main villains.
1:07 You're definitely wrong about the lightsaber. It *does* look black, but only because the black of Anakin's robes are reflecting off of it. The "SkinnyFlex" lightsaber is chrome-finished, unlike the real "Graflex" prop, which is shiny, but not reflective steel. Also, the brightest part you can see in this shot is the "clamp" section. On the "SkinnyFlex" prop, it is knurled/textured, causing it to catch more light, making the rest of it look black. But the real "Graflex" is uniform, with maybe a thin, chrome (actually mylar) strip (covering the embossed/stamped "GRAFLEX" logo on the part). The Darth Vader lightsaber (which is a Kobold  The Props Explanation  *Graflex* The Skywalker Lightsaber (as it appears in all live-action entries except Revenge of the Sith and Ahsoka) is actually a WWII-era Graflex-brand camera flash unit (the kind you see in old movies where it's a handheld flash with a big, reflective plate behind the lightbulb). There's A LOT to learn about it.  *SkinnyFlex* "SkinnyFlex" is the nickname given to the prop created for Revenge of the Sith that is Anakin Skywalker's lightsaber. It is so-named because it is slightly skinnier and longer than the real Graflex prop (so as to fit in the hands a bit nicer). It was milled from aluminum or cast in resin and chrome-plated.  Look up the "Star Wars Lightsaber Bible" to find all the details.
It goes to show you , you dont need a supper Vilan to have a good antagonist. You just need a person with a clear agenda and clear view of the price. You dont need some over the top "bady" that is going to be spiting BS and telling you how shit you are and how great he is. Just a normal guy (like the protagonist) but with the opposite agenda. Stevenson nailed the role. Unfortunatly we wont see him in season 2. Rest in Peace.
Theres lots of bad in this series. I hope once the series is done, a fan does a re-edit
I rate ep 4 6/10  and I will explain why   ," at the end, I loved it, but story standpoint. It was terrible and the death of the inquisitor. I just feel like that was terrible. That’s why into 6 out of 10. It’s just not a good story standpoint because I have been re-watching rebels. I’m on season four again and I am watching askoka again but hey maybe the next episode will have a better story standpoint and that’s a bit better but knowing Disney, it probably won’t   But the Visual effects could be better 8/10
They just need to explain HOW Ahsoka ended up in WBW
Guys, it was better then the rest but it's still really mediocre. Once you take off your nostalgia tinted glasses there isn't much to enjoy here.
Those are the newer x wings aswell right?
I still think Sabine can only use the dark side of the force. Her emotions are her strength. Now that shes with Baylen I think hes gonna drop hints about a form of training that embraces her feelings and in doing so she will connect to the force. There is such thing as grey force users and i believe she can be one.
I personally didn't find this episode to be that good. I mean it wasn't bad but it wasn't the "best" so far. And I might get hate on this but the light saber combat was lackluster in my opinion. Everything else was great oh except for the de-aged Anakin.
I really think Anakin is the Sam Witwer force Son!! Lol 😂 wouldn’t that be dope???
You know what I'm wondering is that even between the world between worlds with that light saber, and Anikin has  no blue force aura I'm wondering if it's a clone of Anikin made by count Dooku with the severd hand of Anikin Skywalker, in wich case they would have cut off the same hand to pass him off as the real one, and when Darth Vader died the clones memory became flooded full of the original Anikins memories.
great episode
I'm currently wondering if we're going to see the World Between Worlds as part of the explanation for how the corporeal Force Ghosts we've seen in the series so far work. Anakin shows up looking roughly how he did in the most recent edits of the RotJ ending scene with Obi-wan and Yoda...  I also wonder if maybe this is how they come up with a way to retcon Luke back into post-sequel canon?
Baylan and Shins armor are top notch, looks so cool
Please someone tell me before I watch it that the episode not got shorter again
Baylan has the level of Dooku more or less. He hasn't the level of Anakin a lot less darth Vader
Why didn't she use both lightsabers against him ?
Ahsoka falling off the cliff reminded me of when Vader knocked her off the Sith pyramid. Everything in this episode was great. Huyang defending himself was believable. He was teaching Sabine lightsaber forms, so it was no surprise he knew other fighting forms. Love the stance changes during the duels. It brought a lot of tension and suspense to their attacks as if every move can end it right there.
Somebody needed to lose a hand to have made it complete. Anybody.
Bro doesn’t like him Cus his hair is green
This episode saved the show, for me. But it will need to be this quality and even higher to attract fans back to Disney Star Wars. Lucasfilm is hurting and I really hope we're going to see consistently high Star Wars content moving forward Still want a Vader series, and I would love to see a straight adaptation of Timothy Zahn's latest Thrawn trilogies, the ones set in the Disney Star Wars canon.
Ashoka: Ittoryu Iai.....Shi....Shishi Sonson
U sound like Baylon made you coom once
The eye of scion jumping to hyperspace was crazy. The way it seemed to tear thru the fabric of space itself to project forward. Amazing to see what 7 SSD hyperspace cores do when combined
About Sabine, at first I was thinking it might be a bit out of character for her to give back the map, but after what Baylon reveals that happened to her it does makes sense she’d do it. Also, yes, they fought for the rebelion and everything but everyone in the ghost crew fought for each other mostly, so it makes sense.  About Jacen, I’m finding him quite cute tbh 😂
Disney screws this up like they did with Kenobi.
empire strikes back episode
Thank you for the positive review. Feel like everyone just bags Asoka for the clicks
I keep saying this , and I say it more every episode: THIS SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE SEQUELS
anakin's appearance was cool, but idk, the de-aged Hayden Christensen was a bit weird ngl but overall it was an excellent episode, i'm looking forward to episode 5, hoping they don't mess it up
Yes. It has been years since I felt the force again. ❤❤❤❤
James 1:21 21 Therefore, get rid of all moral filth and the evil that is so prevalent and humbly accept the word planted in you, which can save you
Won’t be Anakin, it will be The Son
Great review thanks
You’re right. This WAS the best Star Wars Disney+ episode they’ve ever done. Possibly the best on screen lightsaber duel we’ve seen since the prequels. I also love how our heroes aren’t always winning or making the right choice. And of course THAT ENDING! EPISODE 5 GONNA BE INSANE
How/eye did the eye of Zion get within the planet’s atmosphere? Cause, ya know, gravity and no shields.
I'm curious as to why Ashoka didn't use both of her lightsabers. Was this some sort of homage to Anakin or was there something else going on there? This considering she was using both lightsabers in the last few episodes!
This was the only episode i heard ahsoka almost cry when fighting baylen proof that he will be and underated character and i still feel like the negative community will hate on him but when i saw anakin i cried myself 😢
Billy eyelash is ruining this fucking series
This episode also featured the return of epic lightsaber dueling. I’ve been missing that ever since the prequels. I know a lot of people hated that and said it was more of a dance back then and that’s fair I suppose, but it was never not exciting. And having them both be from that era and fighting like they would have back then as opposed to how Kylo and Rey fought being not trained by Jedi that lived during that era is pretty neat. I’d love to see Baylans lightsaber transform into one of those cross guard lightsabers since it fits his style and we know that that is possible even though never shown in a show, or movie before.
Pullo you drunken fool get back in formation.
When they enter the bridge of the eye of scion sabine is cuffed yes, but look at how baylan and shin are positioned. I rather think shin was standing infront of sabine to stop morgan from doing anything to her. You dont stand infront of a prisoner ever   Just a thought there
HOW CAN YOU NOT LOVE JACEN I LEGIT HAD TEARS IN MY EYES WHEN HE PULLED THE HYPERSPACE LEVER
I didn't think they were going to mention the world between worlds and then they show it My excitement meter went through the roof!
Just one quick speculation. Have you ever wondered why all of the beloved Rebel characters are never mentioned again in the sequels and there is no Ezra no Ahsoka and so on. It is not because they all will die, it is because they never come back to the OT SW galaxy. Filoni is clearing leaving the messed up Sequel Trilogy situation behind with them all go to a different galaxy. All of the upcoming episodes and Movies of Filoni will take place in the new galaxy. With this Filoni has a blank canvas to make his own version of OT sequel stories. The stories we the real fans deserve. At the end Ezra will build a new kind of jedi order in the new galaxy and start to train Jacen and Ahsoka in the end (after all Filoni Series and the final movies) will go away with the purrgils to explore even more galaxys and look where she is needed and we will never hear from her again. This whould be such a great ending and we life long fans finally have the alternate universe we always wanted and don't have to bother about Rey and the lazy sequels anymore. So everbody can choose what he likes :)
I really enjoyed how this episode just kind of sidesteps all the expectations the first 3 episodes laid out just by virtue of the characters sticking to their motivations.  There's a freshness here that's been sorely missed in this IP.
Honestly same
Morgan ship is so big and it got me thinking, are they trying to connect the ring to thrawn's chimera and bring the whole ship back to the main galaxy?
No mate, Ahsoka is rubbish. It’s like watching an out of shape middle aged woman try to jump rope every time they battle.
Why is there always a 6 minute credit, it just gives false hope and it’s annoying
Taking it episode by episode, this one was a big step above the previous ones. But as a whole, the miniseries is still slipping into the usual Disney+ structure of saving important story and character beats to add excitement and shock value to the later episodes. That’s why the pacing is off. But this is still better than Book of Boba and Mando 3.
They ripped off evil morty "central-finite curve" escape .
I have one question/ query to my fellow star wars nerds. Will events in Ahsoka be connected to sequels somehow ? Will they show like Palpatine was pulling the strings or maybe at the end of series maybe it will be shown that he is happy that everything is going according to his plans & new republic is flattering and never gonna be strong and united to take his future order/empire. What do you think guys ?
everyone wants Sabine and Ezra to hook up but im over here wanting to see little purple pubes stick in Ashokas teeth 😆
The best Star Wars episode is "One Way Out" from Andor but this was a close second.
I got so many goosebumps hearing Hayden Christiansens voice
this entire episode had me on the edge of my seat from beginning to end. Plus even Sabines decision at the end just seemed logical for her and felt very star wars. The Actor who played Baylan did such an amazing job just even more sad that he passed away. So talented!
So, Disney shit on George Lucas's legacy, the EU, and the fans and now that they've destroyed the brand, they are implying that they are going to be soft rebooting the franchise in another galaxy where everything will be new and the only thing that will tie it to Star Wars is the Force, and possibly the Jedi and Sith. No thank you. Star Wars was more than the Force and the Jedi/Sith. And the fact that people are saying this this will save Star Wars...I wonder if we enjoy the same Star Wars, pre-Disney. Star Wars is dead. Just let it die with Disney.
That's no Skywalker, that's The Son!
I didn't expect huyang to get a fight scene.
I thought the episode was pretty good.  I loved Ahsoka's fight with Baylan, and Sabine's battle was great, too.  I wasn't a fan of Sabine's surrender, though.  To have that conversation with Ahsoka earlier in the *same episode*, and then to fold so easily, I thought was really lazy writing.  I think the writers mistook "unexpected" for "unrealistic".  It's not hard to do something unexpected if you make a characer behave in a way a normal person wouldn't behave.    I have mixed feelings about seeing Anakin.  I would be completely on board, except I thought they did a pretty bad job on Christensen's de-aging (if that was even Christensen).  I thought they got his face badly wrong.  It was like a combination of Christensen and Ricky Ricardo.
nightsisters are known to have necromancy so marrock being some kind of reanimated zombie inquisitor is actually pretty cool. Yeah he was basically just there to be like a midway bossfight but it was handled pretty well, and frankly that's in line with most inquisitors out there who are indeed just there to serve as boss fights most of the time in stories
Sabine did not have options though, her master was chucked off a cliff and she was barely holding against Shin. Coupled with the emotional attachment to Erza and the fact she was clearly holding back either to delay until Ahsokas return or simply emotion, she did what she could in a situation where she most likely would have died if she did not give in to Baylan.  I think there's a tracker on her though.
Calling it that Sabine is playing them and somehow will find a way to create a path to the next galaxy for ahsoka undercover   Mtfbwy
2nd best episode. mando episode with Luke is the best imo
Seriously considering unsubbing right now: What a total shill with no balls - The pacing is horrible, the action scenes have no sense (they could have shot Huyang dead at any minute from a distance. There are no fighting styles or proper rhythm to the melee), A GENERAL COMMANDS THOUSANDS OF SOLDIERS and Hera can't mobilize less than a dozen?!? - Pandering and licking the feet of Kennedy and Baloney, are we?
that’s not vaders lightsaber it’s anakin episode 3 it’s just in dark light
Best lightsabers battles since the prequels
I’m curious would it be possible to bring Anakin back through time.
As I expected, Sabine was pathetic.
Anakin Also has his black robes instead of the brown and white robes he has as a force ghost at the end of Return of the Jedi. (signaling his ascendance to master)
The attention to detail in lightsaber duels is tremendous, baylon vs ahsoka felt like a samurai vs a medieval knight
Sabine has a plan in place for doing what she did I just have a good feeling about this.
bro, the tease at the end, caught me of guard, altough I don't expect it to be more than anakin's ghost, or perhaps even something the dark side cooked up to trick ahsoka
Just the sound design alone this episode was beautiful! The thrumming sound of the overpowered hyperspace engines supercharging to cross between galaxies was dread inducing and awe inspiring, the fact you can see that anxiety on Sabine and Baylons faces at the sound really shows how uncomfortable they are with how unnatural it feels. 10/10 episode
The baylan vs Ashoka fight felt like a for honor Samurai vs Knight Fight. There are clear strengths and weaknesses of each and it feels like different classes not just who is more skilled at the same thing
Shin was so trigged that Sabine wasen't force sensitive
What I guessed to my fiance after watching this episode is that in whatever way the little bird-creature is the continuation of the Daughter's power, this shadow of Anakin is a continuation with the Son's power, that Ahsoka will have to grapple with in order to escape the World Between Worlds.
Baylan is just so compelling with so little dialogue
I was pretty surprised on multiple fronts how this ep ended up.  For starters, at the beginning of their fight, Ahsoka, in quick succession 1) almost decapitated Baylon, then 2) almost skewered him, then 3) almost skewered him again - but then Baylon seemed to turn the impetus of the fight in his favor.  Next surprise was Sabine giving in to the Dark Side - although it had been set up & we had some clues it was going to happen.  Next surprise was when Ahsoka savagely knocked Shin out - the borderline Dark Side power she showed there would've made Mace proud, lol.  Next, I'm surprised Filoni killed Ahsoka finally (of course she's not really dead bc she's in the WBW).  Finally, was very pleasantly surprised to see Anakin in his Clone Wars gear instead of Jedi robes - there's something off about that & Filoni is not one to overlook a detail like that - so I have a feeling that isn't really Anakin - maybe it's Sidious manipulating the WBW somehow (he knows it's there, how to access it & is still alive thx to Ep 9).
Do you think this could eventually lead to the Yuuzhan Vong?
I don’t know if this was the best episode of Star Wars ever, but it’s definitely the best episode of this show so far.
My only gripe with the entire episode, why do they do so many unnecessary 360’s while fighting lol
Honestly been loving all Ahsoka episodes so far💯. She's in my top e canon favorite characters so I'm biased 😂..   I saw a good theory on Tumblr saying Ahsoka was willing to train Sabine and no Grogu(barring personal relationships) because Sabine essentially couldn't use the force like a ordinary Jedi. That means there would be no future where she turns into another Vader.. It seems logical assumption to me.
someone PLEASE just make a YT series dedicated to Chopper subtitles for all Ahsoka eps!
It honestly felt like episodes 4, 5, and 6 all over again but more modern better graphics the music was top tier the battles were amazing the tensions building up to the hiperspace jump overall a 10/10 episode for me
Am I the only one who got the Indiana Jones Ark of the Covenant reference when Ahsoka grabbed the orb it burned an image into her hand?
I hope we see a less stoic performance from Rosario Dawson around Anakin
Zeb just too expensive to make consistently. I knew when we saw him in Mando that was likely as much as we were gonna get.
Peak Star Wars in all honesty. Whoever is choreographing the lightsaber combat needs to get promoted and have a supervisory role over all Star Wars lightsaber combat. Everyone did a great job crafting this series. It’s just further proof Dave Filoni needs to be in charge of Lucasfilm going forward. I have loved everything he’s had hands on.
That is not Vader's lightsaber! The silver ring running around the center of the hilt makes this impossible as all of Vader's sabers are black in that location. All Graflex-based Anakin/Luke hilts are silver in that location. I believe the rest of darkness is shadow and reflection from his dark robes, and the grips of course are black.
Baylan definitely strikes me as the new canon Joruus C'baoth. He's just not as deranged, but seems intent on keeping some of the Jedi Order's vows. He's clearly not a Sith or a cultist as we see. Nor is he full immersed in the Dark Side.
The Baylan vs Ahsoka duel really ranks with some of the best lightsaber duels of all time, including the standard-setting Prequel duels.
I’m so upset. I leave for basic training and now I have this cliff hanger for 2 months.I’m glad that I’ve got something to look forward to though
Theory: this is anakin. Not a dead anakin. An anakin that has pulled ahsoka into the world between worlds moments before her death. The same way Ezra did. This means an anakin pre burning up but post getting his darker robes. Does past anakin save current ahsoka? This is completely crazy lore possibility that could rewrite the entirety of what we thought we knew about Star wars
filoniverse only
Hera is likely in a lot of trouble… guessing she’s going to get Zeb to join the quest now that she’s probably sidelined by the New Republic.
In my mind this episode in-terms of marrok this kinda backs up the theory that he is the son from mortis there have been a lot of hints
Jeah!!!!!!!!
Ahsoka and anakin may fight
I personally really liked seeing sabine nudge Hatti with the force, she couldn't force push her, showing Sabine is weak as fuck with the force.
my impressions: Sabine was the weak link after all, not in her combat capacity - she fights off Shin - she was too emotionally attached to Ezra, she is not a Jedi material. But she is Mandalorian to a fault, dedicated to her family - or whats left of it. Ahsoka is cool, skilled, and all, but she is kinda walking the dark  path, with her determination to stop Thrawn at ANY COST. Huyeng is fun to watch with his deadpan remarks and he was able to actually fight the HK, Hera is so going to be in hot water after losing half squadron X-wings and coming up empty handed as well. Baylan is true star of the show. cool, collected and surprisingly honorable. He might be fallen Jedi but he keeps his word. (Which is good quality in a mercenary) - He also truly rocks in lightsaber combat! All in all, their combat was more like Baylan was a Jedi and Ahsoka a Sith.
Yea this episode was 👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽  But not the best overall lol. It was the best episode on Ahsoka tho
This is definitely the best episode so far.  I loved the lightsaber fights and Shin and Baylan were fantastic.  I hope to see more of Shin in the future, and I am curious to how they are going to handle the loss of Baylan's actor.
It felt like a series finale- it was that big.
Was ‘marrok’ a vessel for mauls spirit? I’m a little confused
I would absolutely love to see a full powered vader without the suit. Catch just a glimpse of what Anakins full potential was supposed to look like...he has vaders light sabre after all.
Sabine's mom is alive. The amourer.
100% the best just give dave the keys to the kingdom like forever
I love you Eckhart but this show is bad. I cant get over Sabine being impaled and surviving, that was it for me. You seem desperate to have anything star wars, youll take this garbage they are throwing us after subverting our expectations.....
The schilling is real, absolutely laughable review
Definitely not the best episode of star wars tv, but definitely a banger of an episode.
Honestly this show could have had much more filler to it, to help round out the whole story.
Anakin doesn’t have vaders lightsaber he has his own
AHSOKA series is like the StarWars Episode 7 we always wanted. :)
It's Star Wars It's the Clones Wars It's Rebels Dave Filoni obviously has been told by George you have my blessings and don't let know other director f*☆k up my life's work padwan.
I really liked this episode. However, what is the deal with Disney and Star Wars and Maps? Map to Luke Skywalker, Map to Palpetine, Map to Thrawn, Map in Solo from that Robot that belonged to Lando… It’s a weird obsession, like TLC and Gazebos…   And then when the bad guys attack Ahsoka and Sabine and their robot at their ship, when the robot is attacked by the bad robot, why can’t Ahsoka and Sabine hear the metal clanking and the fighting? They only notice when the power goes out. Wtf? Just some issues…
It was a good episode, but I don't think it's as good as episodes 10 and 12 of Andor.
Zeb is unfortunately not in the show
The lightsaber fight style choice was very Samurai.  Harken back to Kurosawa so hard, and I loved it!!!  It is what influenced Star Wars, and so to see Dave, and this director bring that back. *chef's kiss*    Balen is spectacular.  he's menacing, but not overbearing.  He is measured, but when he lets that anger fly you really see the power he wields behind his saber, and with the Force.  I love that his lightsaber has the old sound. like OT sound to it, almost reminiscent of Vader's. Balen looks like a very strong Form 1 practitioner, like Jedi Master Kit Fisto.  Straight and direct attacks, he has form, and power, but falls into Form 3 so effortlessly.  Who knows maybe he's a Form V practitioner like Anakin.
Definitely a step up in quality.  Strange choice to do nothing interesting with the Inquisitor, but otherwise I liked pretty much everything, and it fairly cleverly subverted a few cliches I thought were coming.
Episode 4 always pops. Remember that with these streaming shows
Not a big fan of her armor that now blocks so many blaster shoots.  It is just so random when thry block and when not.
was haydon in this episode
At first, I was irritated by Sabines lack of resolve not destroying the map. It just seemed To play too far into Ahsohka’s foreshadow.  Then I realized that she may have believed that she just saw Ahsoka die! She may have believed that she was the last chance to save Ezra add to stop Thrawn?  Thoughts?     It’s definitely episodes like these that makes me wish that I wait until the whole series is over before I watch because these cliffhangers kill me. This was by far (as you said Justin) the Best of Star Wars!
Just watch. It was ass
Sabine should of shot him the back haha.
World between worlds …and Anakin face to face with Ahsoka omg I cried !
The beginning of the episode. Couldn't agree more. After I watched it, I was just wowwed. Actually I changed my mind. Whole episode. Couldn't agree more
when did the Xwings get purple engines?  They look odd to me
10/10, I do not think that was Vader's hilt. I heard episode five is crazy.
Baylon is Ezra. Ezra's last episode was all about time travel. Ezra went to the last and gee up into Baylon
Oh.....you're actually serious....ok then
This was the perfect episode. It reminded me so much of the atmosphere of the Legends books. Like you said: the pacing is great, everything fits together beautifully, probably the two best live action lightsaber duels since...episode 3, (Ahoka, vs Baylan and Shin vs Sabine), even Hera in that cockpit seemed like a familiar character again.
Have you seen the newest add for the show? Its member berries to the max! This show must be tanking bad if they are breaking out the nostalgia.
I'm happy I subscribed to this channel.
Thats not Vaders lightsaber.
Not sure how Ahsoka was beaten here 🧐
That’s def Anakins saber y’all be wildin with some of these theory’s and claims
Wow, who would have guessed Marrok was the smoke monster from LOST?
THIS episode blew me away!
Not sure if that’s actually Anakin, still wears the clothing representing his darker side which he let go of when he redeemed himself and kept his consciousness at the time of his death
These episodes are so short but it looks like it's needed for pacing.
I don’t see enough people talking about Shin and how excellent she is. She has some of the best screen presence in Star Wars period and is just badass In every way
Ok. Except the make-up and the poor sword fights. It was a awsome episode😅
We absolutely need a saga dedicated to Baylan. He is carrying this show. May the actor rest in peace.
My take on Sabine giving up the map is that Baylon closes his eyes and the force use sound effect plays. He then uses the force to probe her mind and kind of mind trick her into giving up the map through her fears. As soon as she gives up the map, the force release sound effect plays and Sabine doubles over like she has control again briefly before being choked.
Is Ashoka in the world between worlds? Did a past version Anakin save her like Ezra did? Or did she just dream it? Interesting…
OK - you're turned on by visuals and action (you must have loved Rise of Skywalker) - WHAT ABOUT THE STORY ??  For me, the story (and character development) is paramount to any visual or action sequence - how does this episode link past episodes and set up for the upcoming episodes?
Very disappointed.  Everything should have been almost perfect to make a awsome episode. The make-up since the beginning is so bad. So bad they look like teenagers who is having an acne attack! It's the Acne strikes back!  And what the... the battles?!?!?! What the hell!???? Marrock just dives  straight ahead before getting cut in half easy peasy? I mean the sword fight was sooooooo bad. So disappointed. Sabine's fight was even worse 😢.  Come on.  Worst of all: Stay back!  Or I will shoot my hand off! Realy? Ok we get it Disney doesn't understand what light sabers are but now they don't even get what a LASER gun will do to Sabine's hand if she shoots at it...😂 I mean I am so piss.. off.  This should have been a very good episode even awsome but they just F..... up everything. So upset. Oh yes. Last thing. This is way to much for a 4th episode. It looks like the final episode of the season.  I mean unless they do better for every following episode😅.
You always say,"This is the Greatest Star Wars media." You said it about Andor, you said it about Mando, you said this about anything Disney has putour. This shite sound lame as fuck.
The fight that happened while the computer plotted the jump coordinates reminded me of the first episode of the second season of Battlestar Galactica where they have to jump back and fight the cylons while the computer finds a solution for the fleets location
Sabine’s actions didn’t surprise me.  Fully expected her to do as she did.  How could she not?
congrats to Sabine for not trying to kill Shin when she was distracted by dead again Marrok and then handing over the map. Quality decisions again from the woman who made a weapon for the Empire that only killed other Mandalorians
4th time really is the charm.😅
Chefs kiss to Filoni. WBW in live action lets go.
I have a feeling that Anakin is going to turn out to be the Son in the world between worlds
i dont think its vader's lightsaber it looks completely different
I felt this episode made Sabine look weak. She abandoned her Mandalorian helmet and couldn’t destroy the sphere. I feel like she’s got a foot in both camps, she neither a Mandalorian nor a Jedi. What is left for her character?
Doubters, reveal yourselves in the comments
“The force is female” remember?  No boys allowed. Why have good story telling with zeb when we got boss bitch!
Wow, why does your clips from that episodes look so much better than my stream on disney+? But like iam watching on 480p
As soon as I saw that random Rodian in one of the X-Wings, I knew he was a goner. RIP Not-Greedo
Easily this episode is one of my top five favorite Star Wars TV episodes. Thanks for the breakdown.
That hk47 droid just walking up to huyaang unarmed was so goofy like where is your electro staff or blaster
LOOOOOL, Nah Asoka SUUUUUUUUCKS.
6:06 we all wondered if her family avoided the purge of Mandalorians. The sad truth is that Sabine is a loose canon. There must be a reason that The Force brought Sabine and Ahsoka together. I can’t wait to see what comes next!
I loved this episode so much
Episodes are to short. I need more.
AGREED
I just found out Ray Stevenson died and holy shit that blows I loved him in rome
Too bad this all leads to the sequel trilogy
5:55 agreed! I didn’t think she’d destroy the map, that was fore shadowed. However, I also didn’t know what to expect, and there was legit suspense in that scene.
NYSE: DIS 18.19 Good ep. Convinced me to give up and to short the stock for some easy money
Based on how long Baylon had to stab that key, Sabine wouldnt have been able to break it anyway.
Given the Vader Theme playing as the episode went black, I’d like to think it is Anakin post death of Mace Windu, pre battle with Obi-Wan Kenobi?! 🤷🏼‍♂️
What's up with Marrok? He kinda got glossed over. There was a mist coming out of his helmet like he was the Nazgul King. I'm guessing he's not Ezra.
Legit cheered when sabine landed that force punch/push.
I don't think we watched the same thing.
Sooooooooo god damn good
3:59 my guess is it’s magick similar to the magick used on Savage Opress to enable him to harness The Force.
Yo the ending of the episode.
Ashoka was just warming up against Baylan. That was obvious.
I really enjoy Ahsoka more than any of the other shows, though I've like Mandalorian pretty well as like a western. Star Wars is epic space opera to me though, and everything else just isn't as good.   I like when Ahsoka picked up her lightsaber first, you immediately knew the outcome of the fight, plus since it's middle of the story, then the outcome is also setup based on tropes.   I am curious if Ahsoka will continue returning to the world between worlds everytime she gets killed, as like a serial immortality.
Looking at pictures of Vaders lightsaber compared to Anakins lightsaber, the saber on Anakins hip at the end definitely does not look like Vaders hilt, at least to me. Definitely looks like Anakins Revenge of the Sith saber
2:49 this would have been a great time to bring Zeb in! I was legit disappointed that Zeb didn’t come. This was a huge tease especially given that Carson Teva was there.  Could it be that there was some other group dynamics that happened off screen?
Best live action star wars since the prequels. The first 3 episodes were okay but wow this episode was near perfect. Baylan vs. Ahsoka was easily the best live action lightsaber fight in the disney era. Baylan Skoll is building up to be one of my favorite star wars characters of all time if they keep expanding on him well. Honestly after the garbage that was Kenobi, Boba, Andor, and Mando S3 I kinda lost most interest in Star Wars but if this show continues to produce episodes like this I’ll be here. Hats off to Filoni. The man pulled off a legendary episode.
My only gripe is that Ahsoka didn't use both her lightsabers to fight Marrok and Baylon. When Yoda taught her, he told her she carries two lightsabers, so she uses two lightsabers.
I loved the lightsaber fights. The pausing, the anticipation followed by quick flurries just like real fencing, and really gives you a sense of danger. David Tennets performance really makes you feel like he was there on set playing with the other actors. Sabine's fight was awesome.
0:56 agreed. It may be that the de-aging was supposed to make the audience feel unsettled, because that CGI put Anakin’s face squarely in the uncanny valley.
The whole series has been great, not sure what everyone is upset about, guess its Star Wars fans hating on Star Wars, glad to see more positive views. The whole cast is great, but the late Ray Stevenson is really magnificent.
What I expect is that the trip back and forward will not be instantaneous. I would imagine that will take actually maybe a few years and when they’re back, Ahsoka will have a new Padawan. It will be the kid. Sabin will be trained by Skoll
I genuinely couldn't predict whether or not Sabine would cave to Baylan or not. Was on the edge of my seat the whole time. I'd also been expecting something to happen to Ahsoka, since there was the whole "Ahsoka is like Gandalf the Grey/White" comment by Filoni, i just wasnt expecting it so soon.
Kevin keiner and Ray Stevenson are really pulling the show. Otherwise, it lacks any soul.
That episode kicked ass   Those lightsaber duels were awesome
More of Hera’s fat dumper please
Agree 100% with your point about Zeb. That would have just made the group PERFECT. The PACING and everything you mentioned, acting, directing, cinematography, effects...10/10 Star Wars! 👏👏👏👏👏 PUMPED for next week and this series!
Such a great episode, it felt like Star Wars
Echoing everything about how what avgreat character Baylon is (amongst many great characters in this series) and in recognition that we have lost the amazing actor, I would if it would make sense to give him some eps in Tales of the Jedi or a similar series so we could get more of his character?
This theory that I want to be accurate but may not be, but this may be the reveal of Star Killer coming with the Vader theme, and all be cool if both Ashoka and Baylan have to combine forces to just stay alive from Star Killer it's a pipe dream but I mean be cool.
I loved the whole Medieval Knight vs Samurai bit
I think I've worked out why Anakin's face looks kinda weird at the end... It bothered me too but, as a life long artist, I saw what's wrong with it... The left side of his face looks confused and somewhat serious but the right side of his face looks kind, gentle and happy... It just kinda throws his entire face off... Try is.. Place your hand over the left side of his face, then the right and you'll see what I mean.. It's like each half of his face is pulling a different expression.  I couldn't agree more! This looked and felt like an epic Star Wars movie! The sort the fans deserve! I sat there thinking "DAMN THIS IS SO GOOD!!!" In my opinion it WAS the greatest Star Wars live action episode EVER! It was INCREDIBLE! SO DAMN GOOD! I kept rewinding parts because it was SO good! I could go on and on and ON about why it was so good but I am simply lost for words... Last week I was so annoyed at the cliff hanger but DAMN it paid off! 100% the BEST episode of a live action Star Wars series to date! You can tell it was written and directed by people who LOVE Star Wars: Rebels! Just everything about this episode was AMAZING! I never thought that I'd say this about a live action Star Wars series but, if they continue like this, then we're in for one HELL of a ride! I can't wait to see where this goes! I AM SO EXCITED! I could be wrong but I feel that the writers and directors have really paid attention to what the fans want in a Star Wars: Rebels spinoff series and it really shows here.
Bro, put spoiler alert in your title
What the hell was that with Marrok? Darkside wraith? Wouldn't be the first. Baylan's fighting style reminded me a a good bit of Vader's. Want to know more about Sabine's family and what Ahsoka has to do with it.
Yepp I’d agree. Andor for me has some of the best episodes I’ve ever seen personally but this one is one of the best between this and mando for sure
This saber is not Vader's saber. Let me explain. You might say " well its black and not chrome ! " But yeah, exactly, it is chrome. The graflex tube is chromed out, and the switch ring is just aluminum. In fact, chrome gets its color from the environment it is in that it reflects into the camera lens. ( like any material really ) It is so polished tho that if there is not a lot of light in the environment, it will appear black. Hayden was probably filmed on a dark set where there is not a lot of light/stuff to be reflected comming from in front of him or where the camera is. That detail was probably simply overlooked at the compositing stage of the assembly of that shot ...  An other point to observe is that Vader's saber is hooked on his belt by the emitter whereas Anakin's is hung by the D ring on its pommel : just like in that shot.
This episode twisted my expectations and i LOVE that they did that! I already knew they were going to jump to thrawn no matter what the heroes did, and i figured ahsoka and Sabine would kill balon but fail to stop the jump in time. But no, instead of my honestly lame expectations, they instead completely surprised me by having Sabine betray her master. What's even better is that this betrayal is FORESHADOWED by Huyang's comment to stick together, and i never caught the foreshadowing until now!  Anyway, I'm really hoping we see Thrawn next episode and hear more about why Balon sees Thrawn as a greater good. In both legends and canon, thrawn is trying to protect the galaxy from a greater evil, so I'm desperately hoping that the show will touch on this and show thrawn as more than just a bad guy.   This show might have had a little bit of a rocky start, but it's really starting to take off. I shall eagerly await the next episode! May the Force be with Us!
Knew that Marrok was gonna be nonsense
Something that was super small and shouldn't be annoying was that heras kid totally ruined the moment by saying the annoying line 'I have a bad feeling". The jump to hyperspace was awesome but the moment was ruined by that stupid line that gets thrown in every star wars show.
Andor has the best Star Wars episodes we've had since Disney took over, but it's different to OG star wars. This was a really good episode and kept closer to the original films in feeling. Ahsoka is really shaping up well, it's a good mid point between Mandalorian and Andor, it's actually taking time to give atmosphere and let scenes convey information without having to verbally say everything. It's not acting like an ADHD child (looking at you Rise of Skywalker)
4:33 i for one hope hes not a villain but just an antagonist
I think it's Anakin's Revenge's lightsaber.
Agree the best of the series for now !?
Путин — посредственный злодей. Best star war!
7:41 I love the main theme song
Anyone catch Shin has a Padawan braid or some sort of variation of it?
Best Star Wars since last 4 episodes of The Clones Wars and Revenge.
*That was honestly brilliant.  I look forward to seeing Thrawn mow some New Republic lawn.*
I feel like why shin was so mad after ashoka won was maybe that was a reanimation of a loved one or someone she cared about
I liked Sabines little fake out against Shin. It was a good mix of mandalorian and jedi influences
Im baffled how i clearly saw a different episode than yall. It felt the weakest of all. And the ai hayden is CURSED AS FUCK
Bruh speak for yourself, this is not Star Wars. Ahsoka's writing is contrived and illogical, the acting is stale, and plot armor is everywhere. You're extremely blinded by nostalgia, which is Filoni's crux for everything. He's not a good writer, he just used nostalgia to amaze the bots.
Marrok's "dusting" as i will call it, was really surprising. like a horror film.
I loved the ring hyperspace jump scene, and it looked amazing to see the phantom II connected to the ghost and the ghost flying with the x wings
I don’t understand the hate for this show  People seem to be split   it’s PHENOMENAL, THIS IS THE STAR WARS I want.
Andor was better
Agreed, I was giddy!!  :D
Sadly SW has been so bad for so long (exception Andor) I won't even be watching Ahsoka. Did however see the LA Philharmonic play the score for Return of the Jedi last weekend at the Hollywood Bowl. Been a fan since '77 but Disney has destroyed the brand.
spoilers:       Anakin looks a lot to me like a mix between the clone wars look and voice, as well his movie voice and appearance. Kinda like the clone wars series finale
Does anyone know where Ashoka picked up huyang?
Baylan is brilliant in this show
Well the first three episodes are ass .
I just figured it out. Anakin went into the world between worlds at some point in the timeline r we never knew. Being able to access any point including future , he went forward to ahsoka should be death in the duel with Baylan, except anakin pulked her out last second before falling to her death like Ezra pulled her to save her from vader. 😮
everything was good execpt ennding. the dialog was good. master jedi fights scene was good more diffrent. xwing crash was good. the last jedi hated hypersğcae still contunes that was lame again. overall episode 3 was btter bcouse music use was btter and more space action.
Sorry I couldn’t get over the Batman/ashoka fight. Like why didn’t she just force push/pull the map off the plinth? Especially instead of grabbing it. Why did she use only one Sabre in the fight?  I dislike obvious plot armor.  Love huyang’s ‘strong hands’ coming out to deliver a surprise combo lol.  Over all I liked it, but I have a lot of knitpicks. I generally dislike the world between worlds, it’s a cop out in every instance it’s utilized.
1 thing is that we really need an Ackbar cameo since his flagship is there
This is a shill channel lol!
This definitely felt more “Star Wars” than most of the recent shows. Andor was phenomenal, but this felt more of a spiritual successor to Star Wars from the early 2000s
Yup, Baylan has to be my favourite villain so far. Interesting character, not fully bad or good, "Grey" you might say. Thank gods they haven't weakened him in the show. Makes Kylo Ren look even more like a poor character. Was glad to see Ahsoka didn't overcome him, made things a little more believable instead of shouting oh come on at the screen.
If you go to 27:10 of the episode, once Sabine hands the map to Baylan, you'll hear a force sound which I don't think is related to the force choke she gets from Shin. I think Baylan might have mind tricked her into giving the map back.  Shin doesn't choke her until 5-10 seconds later (I say this because the force chokes are usually instantaneous once the force user commits to the choke). Just a feeling though, probably not the case
LET'S EFFING GO! What an episode. Truly freakin' amazing.
Sabine is an annoying dumbass. Why didn't she just shoot him when he put his lightsaber away.
Would’ve been 10/10 for me but making a person who’s mysterious and fights pretty well being a throw away character was just meh to me. I still give it 9/10, but creating a mysterious character to just throw them away with one short battle is just bad storytelling to me.
Too short again. This week and last week should have been one longer episode with slightly zippier pacing. Filoni used to do more in 25min Rebels episodes than this. I don't need a breakneck pace, but they keep bleeding off any urgency and tension they build just to pad out two episodes.
Sabine didnt agree with Skol, she gave up. She knew he was right that the only thing she truly wanted was Ezra back.
Hot take: Marrok's mask being lit blue and Sabine's helmet lit red is a red herring
Extra sad about Ray now. His performance was incredible.
I also noticed Anakin doesn’t have his scar which is one of his most iconic feature imo. The only thing I could think this is is that it’s either a more pure form of Anakin without any blemish or it could show that he isn’t the true Anakin but that’s weird
I am calling it 100% right now. Sabine will be revealed as a force sensitive late bloomer in the final episode.
I really wasnt expecting the hyuyang fight, though in retrospect it makes perfect sense. And it had a bit of that mr myagi vibe. I actually would have loved to see him just wreck the other droid out of the blue, and then priss away, but it was still fun.
We all knew that we'd hear those spine-tingling words again one day...  "Hello Snips."  The Circle is now complete.
I liked the episode until the very end. I'll bet Asohka uses the time travel properties of the World Between Worlds to get an accurate look at the map or something so the gang can follow the bad guys. Yay...more time travel...
This episode left me breath-taken full of joy
Haven't felt like that since the season 2 finale of Mando. It's like breathing clean air for the first time in years. I realize what I've been missing. We've had some cool stuff so far, but this made me feel like a kid again.
Pfft really? Ya say this when Andor exists?
To those who don’t know, huyang is voiced by David Tennant
Episode 4 is already out?
I’m sorry, I’ve seen fan films with better acting and writing. That’s what this show feels like. The series is half over and it is just so dull and plodding.  The duel was just tedious, like they were fighting in slow-no.
It was great.
Best? What you smoking?
My petty complaint is that I wish Ahsoka would stop holding her lightsaber with her hand so close to the emitter. One slip and there goes her forefinger and thumb. 😅
THIS is why her helmet is shown in red at the start of the show!
Anakins lightsaber is connected by the hilt like in the episode. Vaders is connected by the emitter.
Baylan's lightsabre style felt very much like HEMA as opposed to Ashoka's clearly more Japanese style of fighting.  Nice.  Plus, anyone else notice that the hilts of her lightsabres are curved (like a katana) but the blade is actually straight?  Another nice touch.
Amazing action and visuals. Love Baylan and Shin as characters. Sabine's decision wasn't too surprising. Remember that she stole the map when Ahsoka wanted to keep it on her ship. Ezra may not be Ahsoka's, or even Hera's, priority here. But Sabine cannot let go, and attachments aren't always a good thing. We don't know what Ezra is like after all these years in another galaxy. But I suspect that Sabine may not find him the way that she wants. *Somebody* was calling to Morgan through the Force and Thrawn doesn't have that ability. Is it Ezra that Morgan has been hearing?
Naha terrible cgi and nerfed ahsoka = worst series so fsr
He does have anakins lightsaber it’s just dark
I’m loving the Knight inspired Dark Jedi vs the Samurai inspired Jedi dynamic
This episode looked good, I just wished the writing was better.
I didn’t really like the episode ima be honest   Ashoka doesn’t really feel like Ashoka to me, she feels like “Jedi lady” Sabine doesn’t feel like 1 specific thing but she doesn’t really feel like Sabine  And also why are they acting like Sabine has no family   Her family is all alive but 1 guy (and her birth family) they’re just forgetting who truly taught Sabine how to use a lightsaber it wasn’t Ashoka  Speaking of her true family  Why did the new repub guy come but not zeb? Some1 known to hang out with new repub guy  This just feels like whole different characters not the characters from rebels  And the lightsaber fights feels just silly at times, the combat doesn’t have the budget for prequel fights but isn’t being simple like OT  Also the contrived “we have to destroy the map” disagreement was dumb
Anyone else notice how Ahsoka switched lightsaber forms between episodes?
“The best episode of Star Wars tv we’ve ever gotten” is underrated for me 😆 so happy everything happened the way it did.
Constantly checking the clock because I don't want the episode to end. I felt that in my soul
Honestly, couldn't agree with you more except two points from Dave Filoni which at the moment are so poorly written and handled.   One Marrok was a completely wasted character. All the mystery but no real tangible identity for the audience to even care about this character or want to know more. This character could have been Barris and imagine the depth there. The person responsible for the false accusations brought against Ashoka which resulted in her leaving the order. She may have not come "to discuss her past" but Ashoka could literally fight someone from her past. Ashoka could defeat helmeted Barris in the trees but only make her unconscious or badly injured. Then by the map Barris reveals her identity and fights ashoka with Lord Baylans help. Barris from the past, Ashoka fighting focused in the present, while Baylan is ushering in the future. Both would overcome ashoka and then when ashoka wakes up she would definitely have some things to talk about with Anakin, her past. Sabine would then be taken as an unwilling prisoner.   Two is Sabine. Sabine makes easily one of the top five worst decision in the history of the galaxy. She chooses seeing Ezra as more important than preventing the death of billions if Thrawn returns and galvanizes the Imperial remnant. Imagine helping find Stalin so he can go back to Russia, so that you can meet an old friend. Not to mention this is treason of the worst kind. Sabine willingly aids the enemies of the New Republic all because she misses her friend. Does it make any sense that a character would start a galactic war over a guy she friend zoned years ago? Keep in mind she doesn't even know if he's still alive. Are we supposed to still believe her character is a good guy? As of now her character is completely ruined. How can we respect her character anymore?   By far the best episode but also the worst writing decisions so far. Hopefully Dave has something in mind because right now this is ludicrous. Its frustrating because the episode otherwise was so good with everything.
Sabine going with them, explains the "red" helmet during the intro scene..  unsure why though Marrok got a blue light...
I was really nervous after episode 3's sluggish pacing and no real progression of the story or characters but THIS EPISODE knocked it out of the park. SO. FREAKIN. GOOD. I mean after Game of Throne's downfall I suppose all things can be screwed up but this episode really makes me think this will be something special. I have Faith in the Filoni.
Hopefully the Purgil will sense that "the heroes" need to retrieve their friends from a galaxy far far away and let them hitch a ride.
if only ahsoka just slash it with the lightsaber instead of grabbing it kekw
riegnhardt
Ahsoka fights like in slow motion. It's been hard to enjoy the fights because of that. they all seem like they are in slow motion.
Not really saying much. There isn’t that many Star Wars episodes out there
Yeah, I was really sad not to see Zeb as well
In real world terms Zeb is probably too expensive to animate to be used more than just sparingly.  My bet is he will show up for only a few minutes, like in season 3 of The Mandalorian.
i thought the episode was great overall like really fucking great. only thing i will say…ahsoka better not be dead and get resurrected. i’m so tired of that plot point happening where the main character dies goes to an afterlife and gets told they have to go back. i hope he’s like unconscious or maybe something happens where she falls into the world between worlds
This new war is brought to you by: the poor choices of Sabine the useless.
It was interesting that Hueyang recommended they stick together at the beginning of the show.  However as soon as they encountered an obstacle they immediately split up and everything went sideways.   Also I have a hard time reading the Sabine-Ezra relationship nature.  The show and Rebels indicates it is Familial but throughout Rebels there were hints Ezra at least thought romantically of Sabine (as teens would).  The special recording and their whole interactions changing in season 4 supported that.  Also Sabine has had no compunctions about making the hard choices about family, but her struggle over this makes me wonder if the relationship isn't fully familial.
We’ve still got 4 episodes to go! Most (if not all) of the trailer footage has been of the first 4 episodes! Love when they do that!
Okay, so Marrok was no one that was theorised but a twist none the less with him being a zombie or spirit trapped by night sister magic.  Did not think we’d get the world between worlds half way through much less Anakin’s appearance 😮 Another major reveal with Sabine losing her family to the siege of Mandalor.
The best huh? My favorite part was when Ashoka apparently forgot she had 2 LIGHTSABERS!!! and they were on a time limit. She should of also known Sabine would fail her and give into the bad guys for Ezra as she dont care if the universe burns.....this episode is a JOKE!😂 😂😂😂😂😂
Everytime I see the map activate it gives me fallen order art style vibes
Baylan fights a lot like Vader. Definitely Form V.
Brother not even 20 seconds in… THIS is the best we can get?… Cmon…
I dunno about the combat part... I dunno how to put words to what I am feeling when I see it - but it just feels slightly 'sloppy'...  or maybe, it's the editing?  it's like the fight choreography is always like, lagging 1-2 seconds...  especially Ahsoka is supposed to be more agile and acrobatic (I know, she's older in this series but still)...  anyways, it just feels a bit odd when I watch it.  the visuals though - wow, very epic!
pretty meh. Bit better than episodes 1 through 3 but that's not high praise. The actual *story* from 1 through 4 could be cut down to a single 45 minute episode and you'd lose *nothing*.
A great episode, only thing I don’t like is how ahsoka was defeated. She just seemed to lose her focus and her ahsokaness. I liked Babylon’s strength and his brutal swings, but ahsoka just seemed weak.
Star Wars needs to move on from Anakin/ Vader. Enough.
Zeb CGI is probably very expensive
Thanks
the lightsaber on Anakin's belt is the same one he has in EP 3 its the lighting that makes it look darker
I didn't like the ahsoka fights, why was she fighting with only one lightsaber when she is proficient with her dual wielding backhanded style, writing excuse for her to fall. I think ahsoka losing doesn't make sense for her skills and how she basically destroys inquisitors.
Also at this point Sabine believes Ahsoka is dead, so Ezra (and Hera, i don't know what happened in their relationship) is the only person she has left
1:07 no it’s Anakin’s, the silver part of the lightsaber just looks dark
At last. Someone not doom and gloom, glass half empty crap. I get that people have shit show fatigue, but we should be able to appreciate this on its own. This is Filoni saying, give me the keys and get out of the way.  The only thing bad that we have to worry about is kk and Disney et al getting ideas on the direction of the show. F-off and let Dave do his thing.
So bad ass of a episode.
I genuinely can't believe this episode was decent. 90% of the series has been TOTAL garbage, and now we have an episode that's at least decent. God I hate being a Star Wars fan...
Lol There are no best ever Disney Star Wars.
You paid shills are cute.
It’s not Vader’s saber. If you look up Vader’s saber, right above the hilt where the ignition switch is, it’s blacked out. The one on his hip is all silver as Anakin’s/Luke’s is. The top of the saber is likely just shadowed out due to the lighting.
No emotion Ahsoka, awesome. Girl Boss City is in the last episode being controlled by whuwhite fattdumm baddies.
Loved the series so far. One thing I want is some actual lightsaber combat music akin to the prequels music. Its just too epic but love that ending, I freaked out alot! Hopefully Yoda and Obi Wan show up too. It would be cool seeing them together again. 😊
1- I do not think Balan is a pure villain. I think he leans to the dark, but still holds on to the light (a greater good) 2- Sabine was always supposed to do whatever something/anything to get to Ezra, whether she realized it or not. I mean, have we forgotten how Rebels ended? Ezra said "I'm counting on you Sabine." So it is her destiny of sorts 3- I even think Ahsoka knew Sabine would do whatever to find Ezra. I feel Ahsoka and Ezra both saw a vision of the future in the World between Worlds. Both saw separated visions about the same thing. Ezra was Sabine coming to save him. Ahsoka was Sabine leading the search for Thrawn. Which mean going into the Unknown Realm
Andor felt like what Star Wars should be. Mature.
I really think Dave is trying to do for the sequels what he did for the prequels with the scaled down hyperspace ramming.
Why didn't Anakin look like Hayden.......  that Anakin didn't look like Hayden at all.  I figured when Akhoka woke up there and saw Anakin that she was no longer alive (although that was confusing since the whole series is named after her) and was meeting him in the afterlife.  I didn't realize they are in the world between worlds.
That is not Vaders lightsaber, it’s just the lighting in the scene. That is his lightsaber from ROTS
Amazing
Not really, it is the worst written show so far...  I liked when in the last episode fighters could shoot at a ship with 0 shields and do also 0 damage... characters are extremely dumbed down for the plot to make even a little bit of sense... one really needs to shut off the brain to mildly enjoy the show.  But I guess that is Star Wars no, don't think shut off your brain and watch utter trash.
I don’t think that’s Vader’s saber, it’s definitely the EP3 graflex it’s just hard to tell since it’s not lit well.
I am in full agreement. Magnificent episode.
Wow.  Uncanny Valley Anakin!
I hope that I can’t spell his name But the blue guy I hope he shows up in the next episode at least at the end of the next episode
Yes!!! And I thought the first 3 episodes were good. This one blew me away!
Fight choreography is awful and painful to watch. Filoni isn’t a genius, he just takes his favorite EU plots and mashes them together to create his retarded stories.
Why didn’t Ahsoka use her 2nd saber with her fight with Baylon? Am I missing something obvious or is there not a clear reason??
"Hello Snips."  Also, DROID UFC!!!!
I liked how they focused on the duelling techniques
His helmet will prob come off next episode.  And why couldnt they just make the green stuff neon green like the show
But yes I must admit This is the best episode so far
Marrak got himself Snoked.
Am I the only one that noticed Hera Brought her son. combat zone
Who brings their kid to a combat Zone
Honestly since Sabine is captured we chould see Thrawn sooner than expected
My only gripe was Marrok. No, not his identity, that isnt the issue.   Slight spoilers below.   Why dod he turn to smoke? Is that a thing now with Dark Siders? That wasnt how it was before, so did something change?   I ask cause the Inquisitor in Tales of the Jedi turned into something smoke like too
i like the theory where anakin basically becomes a god after his death and now has the same role as the mortis gods
Hera Syndulla has major junk in the trunk! 💚🍑🍑🍑🍑🍑
I thought it was a fun watch, but I felt the story lacked weight, like i dont care about any of these people. I just want to know where that ring is heading
I mean I wasn’t a big fan of the episode. Sabine literally chose her friend over her master and the entire galaxy. There was literally no common sense. Maybe there should have been another way.
SUCH A GOOD EPISODE
Dave botching the hyped up “secret character” Marrik great job Dave.
very good episode. They're doing a much better job with the star wars series as of late, with so much more content and story building
Nailed it!!
I dont get how she got there unless the map is also a portal
While Marrok did just end up being a minion in the end, can we focus on the fact he TURNED INTO DUST?  I need an explanation. Nightsister zombie magic? Sith puppet? ANSWERS.
i’m sure george lucas loved this, the samurai tones were front and centre. love the duels jn this show, still face paced, not on the level of obi be ani, but more a technical duel with noticeable combos. obi wans rebels duel was perfect im glad they brought that style back
Are you kidding? Baylan’s duel was painful to watch, why is he using 2 hands to hold a lightsaber that weighs 2 lbs? The rebel ships should’ve been destroyed and Marrok’s reveal was a joke.
I don’t think that’s Anakin. I think that’s the Son
They may have saved it yet, that Hayden def looks like a young anakin it tripped me out was a good ending and damm he even has the scar on his right eye( left if looking at it) PERFECTION
Great episode! Shin is now my favorite character in Star Wars! 🔥💥🔥
Lightsaber blades still look like crap.  Them giving Anakin, Darth Vader's lightsaber is for sure some Disney fuckery against Anakin's redemption, obviously, because of tHe aMaziNG wOndEr-rEY thE bEstEsT EvAR!!
I just love the outros Hahahaha
This was fucking crazy. I mean the  Marrok thing was weird and I’m not entirely sure he’s dead but man Sabine’s choice was crazy!
I was so excited to see the ghost.
This show is lit... all the haters out there are missing more then a few brain cells
I thought the lightsaber duel between Baylan and Ahsoka was excellent. Not only was the choreography amazing, but the sword fighting skills/techniques seemed much more realistic than usual.  The duel of the fates in the prequels was excellent choreography, but the sword fighting techniques were way off. (its okay I still like that duel too.)
i dont think its anakin, i think its the son since we heard him whisper in the first episode. since ahsoka was brought back by the spirit of the daughter, its probably the son
Only anime boys/ cartoon boys liked this episode lmao
💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
I definitely agree it's better than any other Star War episode maybe even better than some of the movies I also like that Ashoka felt more like Ashoka if that makes sense however one thing I didn't like is Ashoka "died" again and was pulled into the World Between Worlds again which is a bit annoying but hey on the bright side we get more World Between Worlds and in live action no less
That's def just Anakin's saber. It's just the dark lighting reflects on it so it looks black lol
Ahsoka has the map burned on her hand like that dude in Raiders of the Lost Ark. She'll exit the WBW and Hera will navigate The Void like only Hera could.
When I saw the rodian x-wing pilot I immediately said “being a rodian, already death flagged.” Would have love to have seen Zeb in an x-wing though.
It's definitely got some problems but I liked It overall 7/10
is it just me or was was shins saber more red than usual??
Nah, I still prefer Andor's "One Way Out" better. And "The Eye" and "Rix Road". Andor is still the better written series but it's the least like Star Wars.
Imo I believe haters hate this episode just to hate, I thought the episode was AMAZING 10/10... Also dope video as always!
Good Lord.
Yoooooo i think we will get Anakin glitching inton Vader like we thought we would but never did in The Last Jedi
I didn't think Marrok was dead. And even if he is controlled by Morgan's Magic, I believe he will still appear again YES.
Lmao u guys enjoy this garbage
I just dont buy or like Sabine caving at this point in her arc
only nitpick is ahsoka getting tossed and not even using her 2nd saber
In Dave we trust. ❤
I LOVED THIS SO MUCH
What's wrong with you? Your're kidding, aren't you?
This is the episode that finally woke me up. I'm now hooked. Fallen Jedi, literally the keyword is fallen. Ahsoka is in The World Between Worlds. It's a plane where the living and the dead from any time period can interact with each other.  Josh from The Den of Nerds said this. His sources are reliable. He even said 2 days ago that Marrok was made of smoke perhaps created by Morgan's witchcraft. Fans were trying to dissect who he was when I thought he was just a nothing character and he literally was a nothing character 🚭.  I thought for a moment Shin was going to die but I'm glad she didn't and listened to her master. I think if Ahsoka fought Shin, then Shin would've died for sure. Shin is not on Ahsoka's level in fighting. Ahsoka burned her left hand. She was forced to fight with her right but got overpowered by Baylan.  I'm glad that Hyper Ring escaped. I want them to go to this new galaxy. I didn't want Hera and her crew to intervene. I think once we see Thrawn, the stakes goes way higher.  Thrawn is like replacing Palpatine and Vader as the new baddie.  Ahsoka S1E4: Best episode so far! I just realized it's only 38 minutes long. I wish it was 20 minutes longer. I'm hearing from Josh that Episode 5 is going to break the Internet. All these naysayers saying Ahsoka sucks and it's boring are going to get really quiet 🤫 by next week. It started slow, so what? It's going to get much better in the 2nd half.
Shin looked surprised to see that marrok turned to gas as well.
Why is everyone obsessed with the lightsaber on the belt? Look closely and it’s just his ROTS lightsaber
Why didnt they just get hayden it would have been a huge cherry on top
💯💯💯
Maybe the cinematography was on point, but everything else is not. Rosario Dawson has been a very poor choice to play Ashoka, duels mean nothing anymore, as well as words. Lord Punisher:Warzone tells Sabine(the most irritating character) to come voluntarily and then we see her treated as a prisoner. Then Hera is miraculously survives being in the direct path of a ship going into hyperspace. I completely forgot the new episode was on tonight.
Ahhh!!!!!! I'm screaming!!! And crying 😢
I got impression that Baylan dose not care about Thrawn or what he is going to do, I think just sees him as means to an end and has his own agenda.
Not a fan of My Crazy ex girlfriend what's her name Shin? Cin? Either way the character is fine just don't like the actress.
This is star wars.   Filoni  gets it.   Ray Stevenson.   Such a shame about his passing.
The rose tinted glasses on here are strong. The writing was awful, the visuals amazing, the light saber fights were laughably goofy. 80% of star wars fan don't even know who the hell ashoka is. Dave is not the chosen one.
The episode is bombastic but still, RIP New Republic
the only two things I did not like:  1. I wish Marrok was more interesting. I HATE getting cool looking bad guys just to use them like a napkin.  2. WHY oh WHY is Jason on that ship with Hera??? Why is your kid there????  But yah 9/10 still an incredible piece of Star Wars. Can't wait for episode 5!!!!!
Gotta admit. I hated disCount Dooku til this episode. Ok ill buy in at this point
I actually thought the choreography was quite good this time around, Baylan was really fast as well as strong. When he hit that jump and saber twirl, I was like *“alright this dude is awesome”* for a big guy he can move really well.
what if in the other galaxy weak midichlorians count = force ability instead of strong count  also hera why are you taking a kid on a risky mission that may get you court marshalled?
Yeah this was peak
I really liked everything up until **SPOILERS**    the de-aging of Hayden. I’m fine with the appearance of the character itself, but gosh he just looked so fake
Your opinions on these Star Wars shows hurt my soul.
I WISH the show didn’t twist Sabine, or the CHOICE wasn’t part of the story… aside tpfrom that EVERYTHING was amazing… Sabine’s “force push feint” was amazing! Totally loved the twist. Ahsoka’s force pull of the droid, followed by Sabine’s mandalorian cable snatch was a cool pairing of talents, and the world between worlds, with hello snips, and fade to credits with Darth Vader’s theme…
I really appreciated the duels like as a super Star Wars fan it kinda shocking that I could almost name the different forms from the different stances
About halfway in I was thinking "I can't believe its almost over" and then I nearly cried when I checked the time and there was still 15 minutes left this episode was perfect.
Legit the First Episode of this series where Ive finished an episode and felt excited for the next episode
sabine flipped SOOOO fucking fast all he had to do was say "Ezr..." "ILL JOIN YOU" also it would be awsome if Ezra sabine and thrawn all came back as the big bad (after palpatine died so a time jump)
When you mentioned the knight style of Baylan. It clicked for me that they are literal dark knights. I know it’s probs obvious but it solidified the name that we should refer to them
I'm sure Zeb is still with his people on their world.
I knew Sabine was VERY depressed in all the episodes, now its confirmed, her entire family is gone......and obviously her and Bo Katan are not on speaking terms anymore either. Thats gotta be rough, and you really have to feel for her, she can't give up on her last reason to live, Ezra.
This isn't going to go the way you think!
A lot of videos on YouTube pulling the show apart... it's getting tiresome and I'm seeing through it...its all for views and clicks... people like to hate...hate sells on YouTube
This episode was just... I cant describe it. This is Star Wars.
That is 100% Anakin's saber and not Vader's. The finish is chrome, so it reflects the shadow of his robes. Also, Anakin's hand from the belt from the pommel while Vader's hangs from the emitter. Anakin's activation button collar is satin finished as shown where Vader's is gloss black.
Does anyone else see it? Baylan legit looks like vadar fighting. The form and the power are very alike. go watch the kenobi vs vadar fight in the obi wan show. baylan has to be a vadar apprentice, may also be the reason he doesnt want to fight ahsoka?
I hope it gets hardly any viewers.
What if Ashoka sees Rey fighting the emperor while Ashoka is in the world between worlds and that’s when Rey hears Ashokas voice during “Rise of Skywalker”
This is Star Wars? This is what Star Wars should be.
Overall in pleased with ashoka. I'm glad there has been effort into the ship visuals.  I appreciate the Ashoka herself isn't the acrobatic fighter she was in the Clone Wars given her age. My biggest complaint is the use of the annoying, rebellious kid disobeying and causing problems trope. The angsty teen shtick is overused. Seems like a regression for a character who had a lot of growth in Rebels and is pushing 30.
When you need 6 hyperdrives to do what they just did it needs to tear a hole in the Galaxy and damage some routes and make them unusable.
This show and Andor have done so much for revitalizing my love for Star Wars. Mandalorian S3 was killing the vibes a little ngl.   And man, Baylan is just... So good. It's such a huge shame that Ray Stevenson will never see the praise he's getting for this role.
Peak
My immediate reading was that Marrok was an alien who couldn't breathe normal air, not any sort of night sister magic.  Explains the body suit.
My favorite part of the episode is when Ahsoka crossed her arms and gave a neutral expression. As well as killing off a new character before he was actually introduced as someone potentially interesting or groundbreaking.  Also, Anakin coming back is pretty cool.
Episode was amazing from so many aspects! So happy that the inquisitor is a nobody!
why is it so easy to knock sabine's helmet off, a mandalorian should never get punched in the face
I was very happen with this episode especially since the back part of ep. 3 wasn’t that great even if keeping sabine alive due to plot armor is dumb again
10.  Loving this show!
I expect Asoka will pull Obi Wan Kenobi through a time portal causing him to vanish as Darth Vader swings a light saber through him on the death star.
I'm on the completely opposite end of the spectrum, personally... I thought this was the worst episode so far. Pretty bummed tbh
I usually enjoy it when Star Wars jumps around scenes around the galaxy but really glad they just let us witness how events unravel
You have no power.  No, but I've got some Mando shit I can throw at you.
I love the samurai theme of Asoka  With the music and poses  YES
I'm praying for Thrawn in the next episode, I'm so hyped to see Lars as the Grand Admiral.
Took long enough to get here, but dang this was good.
Anything Dave is involved directly is amazing, hands down. I don't care about what anyone says. Clone wars, Rebels, Tales of the jedi, Ahsoka. Give him more projects. Dave is the future of Star Wars. The right hand of George Lucas, and the last link to George.
It was a curious choice not to include Zeb here given what we know he's been up to in live action so far, hangin with Teva. I'm still not so sure of where exactly to place the events happening here in relation to Mando s3 & BoB. Hear me out, aside from this obviously taking place after Ahsoka's Mando s2 debut, there's nothing that definitively places where we are in time right now, not even some throwaway dialogue or a passing reference.   Then there's the fact that Filoni & Favreau have kinda been ambiguous about how much time takes place between seasons 2 & 3 of Mando as well. The current accepted thing is two years or something right? Well, I don't think Morgan was gonna wait around for 2 years to be rescued after Ahsoka interrogated her about the map location, nor her taking two years to find it literally right at the same time Morgan is freed. See what I mean? If we're keeping it simple like Dave tries to do, this is before Mando s3 until something says otherwise in my opinion.   Marrok theorists can suck it, I was right and as of right now he's a new character. The theories didn't make sense at all, aside from the clone theory if they chose to adapt that story beat from Heir, which clearly is not happening right now.  The saber duels were great. I think between all of the characters, we saw damn near all seven forms in this episode.
its such a shame that ray stevenson, the actor of baylan skoll, passed away, such a cool actor and was so good in this duel. He caught my eye the second he took the screen and i was so disappointed to hear that he passed. RIP
One good episode won't save woke disney
a single tear ran down my face when I heard "hello snips" and Rosario faced Hayden, my two favorite Star Wars characters reunited IN LIVE ACTION!!!
One thing about the Marok duel: he turned off one blade real fast then turned it back on. I don't think this is a very common move in star wars, but im sure it isn't the first time we've seen it. So I am very curious to see how they bring him back if they choose to
I'm sorry but this wasn't a very good episode either.  Re-watch  it and look at the action,  arms crossed,  come on
I saw a lot of people on reddit really angry about Sabine's choice, and that "ashoka and ezra will never forgive her" - the big thing i think that is missing is that Ezra clearly had a massive force vision, he made a massive enigmatic mystery to Sabine about "i'm counting on you", and the plot is clearly going to take people out of this galaxy to discover larger and more dangerous shenanigans (and maybe Thrawn will play a role in fighting the larger threat). But I definitely don't think Sabine's decision only moves the plot forward by unlocking Thrawn, I think there is a larger "will of the force" reason that will expose the heroes to a larger outside threat
After seeing and now hearing that Balin looks like a medieval knight, I was thinking about how the Gaelic people would be in Star Wars
That’s anakins lightsaber reflecting off the black robes
Yea that was great Fr it took it back too the real Star Wars
That is not Vader's saber it's Anakin's, it only looks that way because of the lighting.
Was anyone else rooting for Baylon and Shin? There characters are written and played so well! I want to see so much more of them.
Baylan is so scary the way he kept smacking Ashoka around with his hard blows
I bet it's Vader's saber, but when he ignites it, it's blue. Maybe he is Anakin from a timeline or alternate fate where he never fell to the dark.
So Baylon is like Taron Malicos from Fallen Order.
I gasped when I saw Anakin and Ahsoka in the World Between Worlds
ahsoka is gonna have the map imprinted on her hand to find them
I can understand Sabine’s feelings and decision, really I do. 😢 She DESERVES to be reunited with the person that could bring her true future of hope.
The visuals alone were exquisite
I just love the villains, Baylin and Shinn are both awesome to see on screen. Shinn in particular is a really well done character that isnt just the token evil padawan.
Yep. Fuck yes it was great. Good lord. People will find a way to shit on it, though. The only issue I had was that I could tell the volume was being used for the forest scenes. That's it. All solid Star Wars.
Star Wars is back for now
I still remember when huyang beat the crap out of pirates in clone wars
Why is everyone else so hyped over this episode and it annoyed me? Am I from another planet?
The trading of stances back and forth. Hundreds of strikes played out in their minds before the first slice. Two masters who survived this long by being able to counter most anything. Great stuff.
I loved it for sure BUT I wish he didn’t beat her so easily she has fought titans … she’s only 40 😴 but I guess it had to happen to send her to the world between worlds… people saying she died absolutely not she will come out her old self. It’s his episode 3 saber doesn’t mean his vadar one does it ?
Ugg.  Carson teva.  Again.
Oh shit, I forgot it was out, gotta go , brb
Man Hera rly underestimated the enemy even to a point it got her pilots killed. I'm surprised she would do a full front attack on a oversize hyper drive ring. Especially when in Rebels Hera would do some insane moves to escape. Classic Hera move.
I agree that when Hera goes back to the New Republic she will say, ‘u messed up’ but I think she will also get reprimanded for taking 5 pilots and coming back with 2
Why did Ahsoka challenge Baylan with 1 lightsaber
AHSOKA IS MARGINAL... DISNEY WILL CANCEL THE SERIES  **********************************************************************
10/10 on the Episode, you know they are doing something right when you just want more.   Anxiety is high even though I don't think Dave will ax his baby.
what’s everyone honestly opinion on sabine turning to the darkside
I am SO glad they retconned the holdo maneuvar
I agree. They got this one right. It was suspenseful throughout, great story and action. They just did it right. Welcome back again Hayden
I’m calling Baylan, “Darth Baylan” from now on.
It was really good.
I'm curious why Ahsoka wasn't duel-wielding lightsabers in either of her fights.
The episode was outstanding all the way till the end. The fights were amazing, the CGI looks great, and when I heard and I can voice it sent literal chills through my entire body
It was a great episode, really liked it.. but i liked most of andor better.
Simping hard - the combat? The combat in general was terrible. So many silly decisions. And now Ashoka burned her hand and obviously will use the hand map now 🤦🏼‍♂️
shinn baddie could force choke me any day 😫😮‍💨
I’m so glad they didn’t nerf Huyang. I was scared he would be a C3P0 part 2 during that fight scene, but no, it felt like watching a scene out of clone wars. I loved it.
I think this show would have benefited from being released as a whole. I mean the fact that the episodes has different runtimes it makes more sense to me to be able to see episodes back to back and get better flow or pacing for example last episode that was under 30 minutes in efficient runtime wouldn't be so bad if you could have seen the next episode directly after. Anyway I haven't seen episode 4 yet but this episode will somewhat be a make or break episode for me. If this episode isn't really good then I will quit wasting my time but seeing this review it sounds promising.
The nightsister mist coming out of Marrok’s suit caught me off guard. It took me a bit to realize what it was. Guess Marrok didn’t survive the fall of the Empire without help or maybe he was resurrected? So much to taken on that alone.
I think Baelon may have studied that of Dooku with how he fights.
Agreed
WOW!  Shin Hati is such a true bad azz!!!!
I'm sorry to disagree with you, but this was no better than the previous three episodes. The pacing was incredibly slow - glacial at times - and the bad guys passed up numerous opportunities to deal with the threat posed by Ahsoka: e.g., why send a few ground troops "several klicks away" into the forest to attack Ahsoka and Sabine (an attack Balon knew was doomed to fail, thus wasting their own resources) when they could have sent one of their operable fighters/shuttles and just strafed Ahsoka's ship? We know why: so the writer could drag out the show for another 10 minutes.  A similar accusation can be levelled against Shin: given she has considerable Force powers she could easily have killed Sabine in the forest, especially once she was certain Sabine wasn't a Jedi. Why didn't she? So that Sabine can make it to the stone circle, and continue on her journey to become The Next Jedi.  I had very high hopes in this show, given that I respected Filoni's work on The Clone Wars and Rebels. Sadly, this show is proof that even when the non-ideologues are in charge (or does he have a social agenda after all?) Disney cannot make Star Wars.  I really wanted this episode to turn things around, but I feel that it just proves that there is no coming back for Star Wars, unless George Lucas takes back direct control.  It's done. RIP.
I was so glad they killed Marrok the way they did, it was just *chef's kiss*
This was a great episode. My one gripe is how inefficient Filoni is with his more "filler" episodes that are just there to fill plot beats to this specific episode. I really wish he used the time more wisely to add even more emotional weight here. I really loved this episode nonetheless
Who teared up on seeing Anakin?
Crazy that ashoka used force choke in this episode then she meets dark anakin
With Sabine and ahsoka missing I expect hera is going to be recruiting 👀 rex and zebb
This show is getting better slowly. Its still not amazing, but its getting there
The droids are particularly great in this show
I thought it was kinda meh. Not that there's anything wrong with it, I just wasn't feeling it.
This channel shills too mucha for Disney star wars
That’s anakins lightsaber it’s not vaders
Why am I not feeling the same way 😔
I genuinely feel like you’re high on your own supply with this take: this was the best Ahsoka episode by a fair mark, but it has a few too many logical issues to really be THE BEST. And even for a relatively high-energy episode, the dialogue still mostly has the weird slow cadence going on, as if every statement is portentous and meaningful.   I’m also not a huge Rebels fan, so maybe half of the memberberries are lost on me, but I can appreciate this episode. I just can’t gush about it.
That was definitely the most cinematic that these series have been. I agree, it was nearly perfect. My sole critique is de-aging Anakin. That aside, this episode was perfection. I am getting more and more sad about Ray Stevenson’s death, as Baylan is just so freaking cool.
I have a theory. Maybe because of what happened with the hyper ring and them being in the middle of it, Hera is going to get zeb and take em on finding ahsoka or getting ahsoka and then zeb and then taking the trail of the purgil to the destination as they found out that it was the exact path the purgil take before hand. They might hook onto one whale and get there that way but who knows.
This show is Star Wars at it most ♥Beautyful. Andor, The Bad Batch, now Ahsoka. We are living on a Golden Age of Star Wars. Enjoy it people.
It's not Vader's saber, it's his og anakin saber it just the hilt is very reflective and captures the robes and it makes it appear darker just like vader's
I said on Star Wars Meg that I wanted it to end like that, and I'm thrilled that it did!
I agree Eck, so good
This episode was solid. The whole time I kept thinking, "Man this really is the essence of Star Wars." But that ending... I literally got up from the couch, hand out stretched to the tv, then fell to my knees, crying. Like holy shit man. Holy shit.  And I'm not the kind of guy who get's overly emotional from media, but seeing the two together in live action, was just too much for me.
I loved the Ahsoka vs Baylan duel. It was like watching a medieval knight fight a ninja. I actually had a little flashback to when I was little and at a Renaissance fair. There was a jousting list where performers would do acts. And my favorite act was when the blue knight came out and fought the yellow squire. Great memory and great episode
f*** hes gonna make me watch
This ep was beautiful visually. Does anyone know where they filmed this forest irl?
AHHHH! I CANT GET MYSHIT TOGETHER IT WAS SO FRACKING GOOD!
The big thing for me was Baylan. Best villain since...Thrawn??  Utterly captivating, fantastic dialogue and delivery. The rest of it was good, not great, but its a big step up over the trash that were the first 3 episodes.
It was definitely VADERS Lazer sword, the one with Qui Gon's hilt styling... GORGEOUS fleet shots.. and THE GHOST IN ACTION!!!
Is everyone joking. Don’t get me wrong, I want Star Wars to be great, but give me a break. This episode was one plot contrivance after another. Wtf was marrok, Ashoka vs baljn was so lackluster ending in a ridiculous kick that could’ve been avoided, Sabine being as competent with a light saber as someone who’s trained for years…. Like good Christ, I’m only watching this series for Thrawn so the only thing I’m thankful for in this episode is the “bad guys” succeeded
If Thrawn isn’t in the next episode, I want my money back.
Oh come one Eck. It was great but not even close to One Way Out.
Wow the shill is strong with you.🤢
That's Anakin's saber 😐
IMO even if that is Vader’s saber, that makes perfect sense and doesn’t concern me
The fight choreography was amazing. I felt like I was watching prequels fights again. So glad we have Dave around still, he makes it feel like George never left.
You are 100% right... every single SECOND ... I said at the end of last week "I'm loving how it's going, but I think they have another gear to find and I CANT WAIT!"
At first I was wowed by the appearance of Anakin, but as I thought about it, I'm more thinking this is a trick, perhaps by the Son (or the daughter, been a while, forgot which was which) who was known to be able to take on other shapes. I still feel Baylan is withholding something. He clearly isn't wholly on board with Morgan and Thrawn's ideology. Maybe there is something else in that other galaxy that called to him and offered him the incredible power he hinted to before? I'm also wondering, since Dave loves to tie everything together somehow, if maybe he had something to do with Grogu after Kelleren Beq dropped him off, and when he 'lost his faith' was by selling him to the cloning lab of Dr. Pershing? When Marrok "Died" I turned to my daughter and said "They totally just went ring-wraith in star wars! that dude was an empty suit with an entrapped spirit inside!" and though that's not the best metaphor (a Thousand Sons Rubric marine from 40k, literally an empty armored suit with the remains of a soul bound to it is a much more on the nose metaphor), she agreed. I really, REALLY hope they knock Thrawn out of the park and he is more like Zahn's Version than the end of Rebels version where he came across like an 80s cartoon villain more than a genius tactical and strategic mind and something of an anti-hero. Either way, this episode has reignited my interest. It was short, too short, but it was powerful.
I was cheering from minute one to minute done I was so excited it was so awesome I really really love this show so much. Much to look forward to from andor season two to even more Ahsoka.
I love how Ahsoka and Baylan were protective of their apprentices.
I love Baylan. He’s intimidating/imposing in a way i wish Dooku would have been.
I honestly think Filoni showed some restraint here not including Zeb. It would have been like too convenient, we would be expecting some lines, more involvement, it would have detracted from the overall episode... I think he knew he had to maintain the focus on what's going on.
OMG
nope. no Zeb in an X-wing protecting Hera. Missed opportunity.
I cried when Anikan said Hello Snips
This show is just as terrible as all the rest of Disney star wars.
Baylan Skool pulled out a classic sith lord seduction scene on Sabine..... I was STUNNED. Its rare that I don't predict what's going to happen in a show like this and I was taken aback. LOVED IT!
Nope Eck you're wrong, its THE best star wars episodes ever!
I loved the new fighting style shown by baylan. Agile in short spaces to dodge Ashoka’s strikes, but very powerful blows on the offensive end.
Ahsoka's pessimism and negativity is justified. Sabine betrayed her, as she expected.
Ray was incredible
The difference in quality between this episode and the previous is staggering. I was actually nervous going into this episode but now I'm relieved.
I don't know what fate this show has in store for Baylon Skol, but boy is it such a shame we won't get to see more of this character in the future regardless. Stevenson absolutely owns the screen when he's on it and everything about his character from the saber form to the way he deflects blaster shots, to the way he delivers his lines...I'm loving every time he's on screen.
Im gonna be pretty sad if we don't get any sabezra moments in this show
The show was good already in my opinion, but the fourth episode really got things going. It was such a memorable halfway point that just screamed, “This is getting serious.” Bravo Filoni and crew, Bravo
Shin is such a baddie frfr :3
This is peak
Anakin has his episode 3 saber not vaders... Its just the lighting that makes it look black.
amazing episode. I felt genuinely immersed/invested.
Well you can kiss Starkiller GOODBYE in a flash of green smoke lol
The best part was when they just let them jump. At least shoot something.
This single episode made me feel more things than SW episode 7,8,9 !
Did i like this episode? Hell yeah. But did it got me worried? Also yes. My fear comes from World between world. It depends how they handel that place. Never was huge fan of possibility of time travel In Star Wars
I agree man. This was fantastic. What a cliffhanger, eh! WDY think is going to happen next week?
Marrok was a spirit of a force wielder that was controlled by Morgan Elsbeths's Dathomir Magic  to be her Assassin.
Purgill. They follow using the purgill.
i agree ahsoka was more emotive, but watching dawsons performance really makes me wish they had gone with ashley. she just carries the energy ahsoka is supposed to have and i feel would do better portraying the character. the ending tho, is quite the twist, im not sure she necessarily traveled into the world between worlds, but i think she is dead, at least temporarily. this makes a lot of sense as to how force ghosts work and why the light side is required to become one. i think death is the true gateway into the wbw, but there are ways to do so while alive, such as how ezra did. idk tho, its just weird because of anakin lacking the blue tint and he seems tangible. and the "it took you longer than i expected" from anakin, really kinda sells that she really did die for the moment. i believe this is going to turn into a realization moment for ahsoka so she can revisit her past with anakin and face her fears of becoming a master/ training another jedi with heavy attachments. idk definitely very curious to see what comes next
Everything this episode felt like vintage LUCAS Star Wars. Felt the calm building up to that moment. Filoni knew how important Anakin-Ahsoka was gonna be for this show.
I think Anakin, after his redemption and death, I think he has dominion over the entirety of the Worlds Between Worlds. I mean, considering how he’s the Chosen One, and The Father wanted him to take his place in the Mortis arc… and the realm was assumably created by the Force gods
Now we get to see the fans vs the grifters. That's episode of Ahsoka was 10/10. I can't take anything away from it. The betrayal got to me. I kept thinking "don't do it."
Baylon keeps becoming more and more interesting every episode RIP Ray Stevenson, truly a great performance
Fight choreography was a little off
literally my ONLY complaint is that huyang had a few scenes where his movement was completely different and immediately was obvious how CGI he was. previously he had a very stylized stuttery movement, but then there was a few scenes where he's sat in the cockpit and hes moving perfectly fluidly. I dont even mean his combat scenes where I thought were fine
I think its the real Anakin. Probably either haunted by his past or maybe he has filly accepted it.
Hell yeah, this ep was absolutely incredible
Episode 5 will blow our minds! It was Directed by Dave himself
Does anyone else think Marrok was a reanimated corpse based on how the nightsister magic poured out of him like dust?
Kinda felt like this could have put this episode in with last one. Both were just pretty short and combing them would have improved the elements of last allowing it to just flow better.
I swear if they show my boy Captain Rex….🥹🤯
all of that trouble to get sabine dad alrich out of prison and then they just kill sabine family off screen i dont know how to feel about that but it does sound like something a villain would say
Television shows that aren't isolated stories like most of Star Trek tends to be have to be judged on the totality of the story and how it is told and not merely episodically. Even granting that this really was a good quality episode, which is highly debatable,  doesn't save the show from the rest of the boring trash surrounding it.
The World Between Worlds is just a bridge too far for me, and it really sours an otherwise very good episode.
I wanted to like it but I just don’t.  The story is disjointed and very low stakes.  The bad guys are super generic and not compelling.  The dialogue is so slow.  The fights are ok, but there is no real tension between the good guys and the bad guys.
This episode was a 9/10. I was so emotional. Then I died laughing at that close up of Anakin 😂. It was so good except for that part lol
Totally agree.
This episode upped the ante, I was getting worried about this show, but this episode was 10/10.
My though afterwards was Oh so this is where the budget went
PEOPLE WERE READY TO GIVE UP ON THE SHOW ALREADY LOLLLLL
Everything about this episode is top tier and deserves its place alongside other movies or shows' episodes of Star Wars
Could be wrong about Anakin's saber, I'm not a prop guy. Doesn't look like it to me but some have said otherwise!
Surely Andor is better... (I cancelled my D+ subscription so I have a sour grapes mentality rn)
I literally called it! I thought it was either a necromancer revived Kannan or a Darth Nihlus sinerio with a ghost/wrath stuffed in a suit of armor.
The Ghost just looked magnificent
Only problems I had was the fact that Hera brought her son into a dangerous and potentially deadly situation, and that the Anakin CGI looks absurd to me it pulled me out of the scene and I couldn’t take it serious anymore lol.
We Ezrabine shippers still have hope
this is the first episode i caught myself constantly looking at sabines ass :/
Why wasn’t Zeb not here to help he’s in the new republic so why didn’t he come and help
That was great. The shots were great, the inclusion of droids and aliens help. I was tired of the human-centric disney shows. The kenjutsu styles Ahsoka fought with was cool, especially when she cut down Marrok, very Kurosawa.
That lightsaber duel between Ahsoka and Baylan was great! Almost looked like one of those old republic cinematics
Why did everyone overthought Marrok?? He didn't seem interesting from the begin.
Dude.... it was amazing!!! I didn't want it to end!!!
That’s not Anikan’s true force ghost I think Ashoka is having a vision we will probably see his actual ghost later on but I think this is a dark version of Anikan that is about to attack Ashoka
9/10 because no Zeb
it's anakin's saber, not vader's.
At this point give Dave Filoni the keys to the sandbox. Give him whatever role he wants. I felt like I was in the movie theater again
Oh man I didn't notice that Anakin had Vader's lightsaber on his belt! There's definitely some Force Fuckery afoot...
When ever Huyang speaks all I hear is Scrooge McDuck😂
you know its good with how fast you made this episode
Hmm! Bold claims.  I think I have to give the crown to "One Way Out" if we're awarding it to individual episodes. You could argue that Andor, while excellent Star Wars, isn't classic space opera style stuff like Ahsoka is and that Mando is a western, I guess.
meu deus do ceu
I'm just hoping people don't get mad over the expectations they set for marrok even tho the show did nothing to insinuate he was anything
"There just standing around looking at each other"  Thats called acting you adhd ridden children
The amount of chills I got watching this episode was insane! Ahsoka striking down Marrok, and seeing him turn to smoke... Ahsoka and Baylan’s duel, and seeing her get knocked off the cliff.... Sabine handing Baylan the map.... Them jumping into hyperspace, causing half the New Republic ships to crash into each other.... AHSOKA SEEING ANAKIN. I haven’t been this hyped since Mando S2 finally. THIS IS STAR WARS!
thats anakins lightsaber... its chrome plated its just reflecting the black background trust me, its anakins. this is all i do, study props, i know what im talking about
Marrok tricked us all
Loved the episode.. but did anyone else have trouble with the audio mixing? The music often overtook the dialogue
I feel sorry for people who don't appreciate Martial arts and samurai movies becuase these have been the BEST lightsaber duels put to screen period.  If you understand what you're looking at you should be AMAZED
From the lightsaber fight, to the CGI, to that HUGE reveal. This episode was 10/10. And I knew it would go this way and get even better. People these days, regardless of franchise, expect every single episode to an endgame level event. Every show has to build up to the big part.
There was so much suspense, it stressed me out 😂
Man Sabine is one useless person.   I hope they NEVER make her force powerful.   Asoka also not supposed to be alive. Given that fact can this lead to a reset to starwars that those three movies never happened and we get the reset we need.
All I want from Ahsoka now is Ar’alani, Eli Vanto, and Karyn Faro
Here on out we’re going to completely unexplored ground both from a lore perspective and that the scenes shown in the marketing have all been seen minus thrawn.
The Ahsoka TV show seems pretty good so far, let's hope Disney doesn't mess it up
Begging them to let go of the cgi young faces and just let the actors look real or cast someone else if they’re too different 💀
The episode was very well done and particularly the lightsaber combat was amazing and the Sabine ending was a great surprise
That is def anakins lightsaber not Vader
Balance, Anakin, the saber fights it was all amazing
My mouth frothed when the villains began to go into hyperspace 🤤
Anakin Returns🔥🔥🔥🔥
Big ups to the director for the nice fights and butt shots
Nah. It’s was a great time. But it had me nowhere near as consistently riveted as something like One Way Out or Rix Road
Worst one 💀
I’m sorry but nothing will top Andor final prison arc episode that episodes flawless with so many memorable moments lol
Elsbeth walked so Holdo could run. But I agree. This was an amazing episode
I urge you to watch Episode 3 ROTS again or any of the clone wars… then watch this again and tell me how this compares…  it won’t 😉
The cliffhanger 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Fantastic episode all around people
It was phenomenal!  This is where the fun begins! And I am betting that is an incarnation of the Son.
IDK... Wait until Ahsoka show is finished then we'll see.😂
First..... Definitely a guud episode
I hated Ahsoka until this episode, this was revolutionary
First
first
