I miss my coach
$500,000,000
Rump’s incompetence during Covid resulted in thousands of additional deaths… and he was re-elected president.
This is what happens when you give an arrogant kid too much bloody money…they end up doing stupid💩…thoughts and prayers for Ms Tina Tintor.
This is why Saban is the greatest coach of ANY sport at any point of time.
He left us, grew up hating the man. Cant deny he is terrific leader of men. Props to coach.
This is tragic and I hope everyone learns from this. One BAD Choice Can change your life and the life of others.
This is how this should be handled. Not praising TC5 for almost killing a random civilian
Saban: "Hmmm, I guess that's what happens sometimes when you associate yourself with people based on their 40 yard dash speed and not their brain"
If u know u going out to drink be safe call a uber or have a sober driver and dont drive at 150 miles per hour theres no reason ever to drive that fast .
i couldnt care less about henry and how devastating it may be to him, i care about his victims. he made his choice
What a great deal!  Drunk driving 156mph drunk with a gun killing the woman, sitting on the curb while she screamed burning alive and only getting 3 years in a camp where he can play golf.  what a joke!  how much was the judge paid off?  Ruggs is a ruthless murderer socipath
We don't need to learn from this. We ALL know what can happen when you get behind the wheel when your drunk.
Why don't the drunk drivers ever die in the accidents 😠 They live but MURDER innocent people 😠
The RUGGS apology IS TOO LITTLE TOO LATE. I’m a University of Alabama alumnus and the only thing RUGGS is sorry about is THAT HE GOT CAUGHT. His meaningless words NOW don’t bring a family’s daughter back. DISGUSTING EXCUSE FOR A HUMAN.  Then the animal OJ had Berber enough to weigh in and MAKE IT ALL ABOUT HIM - the guy who GOT AWAY WITH TWO VICIOUSLY BRUTAL MURDERS.    WEALTH PRIVILEGED OJ🤮   WEALTH PRIVILEGED OJ🤮  Classic that this DISGUSTING MASS MURDERER WHO GOT OFF WITH NO CONSEQUENCES FOR   SAVAGELY SLAUGHTERING TWO PEOPLE,  now WHINES and makes the HORRIBLE NEVADA MURDER BY HENRY RUGGS III only and all ABOUT MASS MURDERER OJ! WOW! Certainly not a surprise from one of the WORLD’S MOST ENTITLED PEOPLE and BIGGEST EGOS AND LIARS.  OJ HAS ALWAYS ENJOYED THE  BENEFITS OF WEALTH PRIVILEGE!  WEALTH PRIVILEGED OJ🤮  WEALTH PRIVILEGED OJ🤮
Hopefully Ruggs will put the plug in the jug and stick to the product placement refreshments.
No. He doesn’t deserve grace for what he did. What he did was murder
I hated Nick Saban for a lot of. Time and now that i see this it brings tears to my eyes with the things he said when he knows he didn't deserve what he got
He should run for office with an answer like that
Auburn fan here . Everyrhing saban does for his players is absolutely extraordinary alabama is the best team in history od college football by far and from what i heard he is a great guy through and through on and off the field , i have all respect for this man.  The raiders warn all players being drafted that lv is a fast paced and "fun" "party" city and to watch what you do and be careful etc , because these are literally kids being drafted and making MILLIONS and can do a lot with 20 million dollars . Being 20 , 21, 22 and earning that much money and fame  living in LAS VEGAS can be very dangerous.  Literally have the world by the balls , prayers go out to all that was involved.  Henry ruggs literally just lost it all by one stupid decision SPEEDING ... that sucks so bad what a tremendous tragedy 😢 💔
Notice that this "Concerned Coach" never even bothered to say the victims name, Its Tina Tintor, you overpaid fool.
This is so soft from Saban.  He's in full recruiter mode.  Makes a few robotic (scripted) mentions of his thoughts being with the "victims" (who is dead) but makes sure to emphasize that his thoughts are also with his former player each time.  A true man/disciplinarian would have made his comments solely about the tragedy of the young woman whose life was taken by his former player.  Instead he had to signal to any potential recruits that he's always on their side, even if they kill someone.
Burned alive is one of the most horrible deaths, also he should be charged for dog too.
Chúc anh luôn sức khỏe và hát cho chúng em nghe nhé
Alcohol is a true demon to life and how it ends dreams.. So sorry to him!! In the right hands, alcohol is as innocent as fruit, veggies, breads, a sleep aid like melatonin, and just have a good time with family and friends. On the other hand, alcohol in the wrong hands, can be as dangerous as cocaine, meth, heroin, other narcotics; it can get very bad and alcohol can kill you or send you to jail possibly for life...
I still miss him people have trashed him so bad
You can tell Saban is heart broken for everyone including Henry
From Saban's bitch to billy bob's bitch....
saban knew he had a problem, played him anyway. dont give a rats ass about his players
Speed kills
Pretty sure nick got behind the wheel drunk a few time
Firing squad 😂
Roll tide baby
Well at least he didn't get covind like ROGERS
“The dinosaurs couldn’t adapt, they aren’t around anymore” -Nick Saban
Henry might be penniless after all the law suits? No excuse for what he did!!
Does Nick Sabban a professer as well as the coachs?
He literally turned this into a sorrow thing,but when they play for him then it's an alabama thing smh
"Sometimes we live, sometimes we die, sometimes we cry!" - Van Morrison
Henry Ruggs is Innocent
Henry will be OK. He’ll  be about 65 years old when he gets out of prison. Warning: Do not drink and drive! Do not drive recklessly!!! The consequences will be severe
Her name was Tina Tintor. I love Alabama but her life and her family deserve justice. Ruggs has to be held accountable.
Now of course the talking heads (the lawyers) are blaming the FIRE FIGHTERS--you heard right--the Fireman, see "they did not put out the fire soon enough", don't you know.  The lawyers--as they promised, did "their own investigation", this is what they came up with.  But I am surprised--I thought they would come up with a different take, I thought they would say Ruggs was not driving--yeah, the passenger was driving, I really thought they would come up with that one, but I guess not.  The Fireman is the best they could wrangle.
Well said Coach Saban.
Free Henry
I feel bad for the victims and their families. I feel bad for Henry Ruggs’ family. I absolutely do NOT feel bad for Henry Ruggs and I hope he gets at least 30 years for what he did  Yes, I know he’s facing up to 46 years but he almost certainly won’t get that. He has money. I said 30 years because I believe that’s somewhat of a realistic expectation
Sorry ,that POS doesn't need anyone's love . Only the victim's family . Not only was he looking to kill someone by going 156 mph ,when the police and EMTs got there he was argumentative . I might have an ounce of sorrow for him if he just pleaded guilty to the charges ,but he's not which indicates he's still just thinking of himself.I hope he gets the max 40 years
Your gonna support him through it? Why? It’s inexcusable he was going 156 mph as if he was at Daytona speedway. Cmon coach
At least they won't turn their back on Ruggs.
Well said Nick.
“I’m going to support him and his family” hahahahahahahha I hope and pray they all get bad Karma!!!!! First of all, the fact Riggs and his baby mama were both drunk and parents shows clearly they weren’t thinking of their daughter either!!!! What if they died too and the daughter would be orphan!!! Raiders and Riggs can pay their lawyers and fees then PAY THE FUCKING FAMILY OF THE VICTIMS AND NOT SOME BOO BOO LITTLE WACK CHECK BUT MILLIONS!!!! Ruggs has no remorse and was only crying at the sense cause he knew deep down he was in trouble with the law!!!!!!!!
RIP Tina Tintor and her 3 year old Golden Retriever Max praying for the family and friends 🙏
More pandering from Saban. Too chicken to just say Ruggs is a selfish piece of crap.
Thoughts and prayers Thoughts and prayers Thoughts and prayers
Everyone praising saban this is a typical, generic response to that question. What was so special? Take him of the high moral pedestal. He does plenty of underhanded stuff.
I feel bad for Nick in this situation. That’s a kid that he coached for 3 years who had sky-high potential that was thrown away. It reflects poorly on his program (which isn’t fair but it does), and you know he’s heartbroken at what happened
Thoughts and prayers , won't stop! Make a person from drinking and driving 160+ miles an hour, and killing innocent people!!!!
Respect
I don't get it. 156.drunk. the boy must been crazy. All that money.a great athlete. I would love to be chauffeured. Max him out. I was young. I worked, got drunk, locked my car, and forgot where I left it. Woke up in the bushes. The car was locked and the keys were in my pocket. It took me all day to find it. Don't remember to this day.didnt drive drunk. Never have. Never will.
Saban is clearly reading from a script on this answer!
well said coach
🙏🙏🙏
We don’t not condone drinking and driving ever
Those Bama boys aren’t brain surgeons
Can't fix stupid.
Why the French toast do Henry and his family deserve any prayers or support??? Like does the NFL care about protecting murderers??? The NFL is really out of touch with how the public perceives this “accident.”
0 sympathy for Ruggs. Ruined a families life,ruined his family,ruined his career and all because he cheaped out of an Uber and decided to drive drunk at an insane speed. He deserves every day he gets.
#emotionalintelligence and compassion
D Smith is a turd for saying he was playing for Ruggs. He killed a woman and her dog in an act of total selfishness and idiocy. To dedicate a game to him is out of line totally.
Henry Riggs a thug time to pay up. Thug boy.
The thumbnail says it all.
Chevrolet has approached Suggs as an endorsement for the new Corvette Stingrays safety features…..  With the woke ass people at GM it wouldn’t surprise me!
Cannot believe the idiots below admiring Saban for sticking up for a Murderer??????
"My thoughts and prayers for Henry's family"  - typical.  Another clueless person sticking up for the murder.  Never has a thought for Saban but after this -  FUCK HIM!  Never stick up for a murderer
Spoken like a true coach who apparently tried to teach something to someone who refused to listen.
These guys don’t know anything raiders do this all the time look at the other guy that they did this too as well.
Well said
They better put her name on the helmets
Great response!
You really can’t answer the question better than that. Coach had always been a class act.
Lost your best friend to a car accident. Lost you career to a car accident. Lost your freedom to a car accident. Life is just crazy man
really couldn't have said it any better.   you don't want to worry about Henry THAT much compared to the victim, because, well, he's still alive & may be a free, living man in 5-10 years, which sucks.
That Coca-Cola label is facing front and center as always buddy. You know they gotta get theirs!
Well said
The fact that so many people looked up to this guy man
Prayers up for his asshole in prison
I think everyone needs to rethink football culture more. It’s better than it was.  I literally saw real life Varsity blues when I was in high school in the 90’s. We had a couple 5 stars that could do no wrong.  Saw similar in college.  It amazes me when people complain about NFL pro behavior and I personally know they let guys get away with crap cause the teams got to win Friday night.
Why do we care what Saban thinks? We are all humans and can look at that situation and realize it is a tragedy that should have never happened. Can we get Ruggs 3rd grade teacher and his first girlfriend's perspective also!? Saban said what hopefully all of us would at least say and actually probably came up way short in condemning what Ruggs did. But let's give the coach a pat on the back because he can win a football AND has somewhat of a conscience. Ruggs murdered that poor girl and could have caused a lot more harm if the circumstances were different. Anybody who gets toasted like he did and gets behind the wheel and kills another person should be sent away for life.
To everybody in the comments… NOBODY CARES who you’re a fan of, this is bigger than football
Heard a saying a long time ago that nothing good happens at 3 am and something like it’s the demons hour
Henry is a bum..PERIOD!
He answered that great
A great leader....He has Jesus in his heart🙏
Especially the victims…..WTFF
Well young or old…I see this in Atlanta damn near everyday! People driving fast a hell on the road. This should be a lesson for everyone! Slow down!!!!
thoughts and prayers
Im praying for the Family and praying they get the Justice they deserve for him doing that. The last Player who killed someone for Driving drunk was Donte Stallworth and he was looking at like 50 years and ended up getting 30 days and serving only 24 days in jail. The rich get what they want cause there money. I hope he gets longer than 30 days cause that family isnt only gonna have 30 days away from there daughter counsin Niece or sister they are gonna go on without her only talking to her by prayer now. I pray that Justice is done better in this case then in Stallworths case.
Perfectly said!
Victim died a horrific preventable death. Ruggs, through his gross negligence destroyed her life and the lives of her family members. They will never be the same. He should be required to keep a photo of her and her beloved pet in his cell during the entire term of his confinement, so the memory of his idiocy never fades.
Bro took it farther then a little finger guns in a chop hause
I would not bring O'Dell or d Jax please we need defense
People make mistakes and it sucks but you gotta pay for your mistakes ❤😪 and Saban is good for supporting him because it was just a poor choice and unfortunately he has to live with that now🙏😪
Very sad situation
"Thoughts and Prayers" are more appropriate for deaths caused by natural disasters or terrorists, not events caused by irresponsible people that make bad, negligent choices for selfish reasons.  Apparently Ruggs had a history of speeding, so this event wasn't a one-off thing.  And the fact that he has a family -- girlfriend and baby -- underscores how irresponsible he is -- doesn't really care about anyone but himself.  His parents raised a selfish spoiled brat, and this murder-by-car is one example of what can happen.  Ruggs needs some "time-out" time in prison to change his ways.
Drink Coca-Cola,  drive Mercedes
He kept it 💯
That is how you do it. Great job Mr. Saban
That's not good enough you have created a elitist culture for these athletes. They get a free pass cause they can run or catch a ball.. We got to quite making heroes out of these guys.. Most of them are cocky  arrogant and self-centered ass hole's.
In the end both families are destroyed.  The victim is never going home and plus the way she died is something that no one should have to go through.  The Ruggs family is going to lose Henry to prison for some years.  He is going to prison and whether the judge is going to make an example of him is yet to be seen.  All Ruggs's lawyer can hope for is that he can make a plea deal that can make Henry not go to prison for 10 plus years.  Still for Henry Ruggs his football career is over period.
This shit covered his irresponsible behavior for 4 years.
I hope Henry Ruggs goes to prison for all 46 years he’s facing!
Don’t drink and drive.
What else could he say?
I hope he does gets felony charges I hope he gets what he deserves
Jesus bless that young ladys family help them to forgive Henry and also be with Henry and his family through this. In Jesus name amen.
Henry’s contract money should go to that family.
Ol' Nicky picked a bat outta the cave there before he answered the question. If he wasn't on camera, I bet he would've eaten it. Have a nice day!
Well said Saban I like Alabama as a whole even if I’m a gators fan, all we can get from Mullen is we are “evaluating”. Couldn’t imagine what he would of said if that was one of his players who made a costly choice like that. Rip to those who lost their life’s.
Soo Sad..Hate Hearing this..Praying for em..When is People Ever Gonna Learn that Alcohol is Full of Demons and it is Also Poison..SMH..Dont Do it, Yall..Turn to Jesus..🙏😥💯
do the right thing because one wrong choice can have devastating consequences!!!
Yes support the person responsible, and give your thoughts and prayers to the victim. F your thoughts and prayers, they aren't real.
Yes this is bad but I don't believe he won't be back in the league
At less then 300 mph at the time of impact.  Take a coarse in collision investigation.  This is murder.
He had a piece of paper prepared for that response
Age 22, hot women, money, rap music, sports car and alcohol. Not difficult to see Scruggs was a ticking time bomb waiting to go off.
Perfect response!
Um. Um um
Yeah I have prayers for Ruggs too. Praying he spends the rest of his life in jail
Saban encourages drunk driving
He threw his life and career under the RUGG!....RIP for his victims!
So well said
This guy caused an innocent woman and her dog to be burned alive and he’s currently sitting at home after a mere 150k bail. Tina Tintor never got to go back home, why the fuck does this shitbag get to go back to his family?!?!!
If there were a time in Henry’s life where I’d think he’d need his coach it would be now. I really hope coach Saban can help him through this hard time. I don’t at all condone what Henry did, he’s not the victim here but he’s suffering in his own way.
Why are your thoughts and prayers with an idiot who got behind the wheel of a car while drunk and then drove like he was in a nascar race?  Actions have consequences and he needs to learn that for probably the first time in his life.
What he really thought when he first heard the news ...."Who?"
#BLM was not his fault
Very devastating to the woman and dog that were burned alive.  People could hear her and the dog screaming.  They tried to get her out before the fire spread but it went too fast.  Horrible way to die for the woman and dog.  Glad good ol' Henry survived.
4 bands to whoever can tellme how many times he said their thots n prayers were going out to the victims
If the Raiders stayed in Oakland this tragic accident would have just blended into the California background noise.  Henry would probably suit-up for today’s game.
I have loved Jim beam and they both tried to kill with Henry behind the wheel
He’ll be out in 10-15 years.  If he stays in shape, who knows?  He might play again.
He’s disgusted by this
Henry ruined his own life doing idiotic moronic things. If i had nfl player money i would have my own driver no brainer.
Coach Saban, Your compassion, your thoughts and your prayers will have absolutely no affect on the "victim". She's dead and gone now.
Being a broke student living in Alabama to a young millionaire living in Vegas is a drastic change
Those thoughts and prayers are definitely gonna help the situation
The clarity and communication that Nick Saban showed there, was graceful, and direct. I pray that no coach ever be in that position, with one of their former players, be it Ryan Day, Luke Fickell, Ed Ogeron, Jimbo Fisher, or Dabo Sweeney…. I also pray that the victims get justice, and peace, during this time, and like Nick Saban said, our actions have consequences… Unfortunately bad decisions ended the life of a victim, and ruined his life as well… Prayers from Buckeye Country to everyone involved, because sometimes life is bigger than a game or a rivalry, and sometimes it’s just nice to reach out and say “Hey, we hope you are all okay” Great job handling that difficult question Coach Saban.
You can just see how devastated Nick is about it
How much you wanna bet Saban didn’t pray for any of these people? 🙏
156mph
Anyone remember Done Stallworth killing someone on Miami beach drunk driving and faced no jail time? How about Dwayne Goodrich from the cowboys who killed someone drinking and driving
He said it perfectly
Henry Ruggs III killed another human being. Driving an expensive car 150+ MPH through a neighborhood while intoxicated was not a "mistake" or a "bad decision". Let's don't forget the loaded gun in his car. This was horrible, reckless, and arrogant behavior. He'll probably get a couple of years in jail, but this innocent young woman is DEAD forever. There's no excuse for what he did.
Everyone should be thinking of the victims and f%# Henry Riggs I don’t understand all the attention and sympathy is going towards him and not the poor woman and dog who burned alive screaming in pain
Prayers for ruggs? Piss off saban
He needs to get 15 years to life in prison like everyone else would get.
So you could do a terrorist act and they’ll still defend the terrorist? #OnlyInAmerica
Its wild because he is a rookie.......like WTF career over before it even really started/bloomed. SMH. We will never know what his future potential held. But I can't sympathize with him directly tho......as even a 10 year old knows doing 156 MPH is unacceptable on every street in the world. There is no logical excuse. But  I do have my thoughts and prayers with his family as from personal experience I can say the family goes through a lot of stress while a family member moves thru the criminal justice system. My cousin had a mental health episode that ended in vehicular homicide and I can say for sure its like our WHOLE family was locked up in some ways those 5 years......as it grates on your mental state as the family tries to live life normally while still realizing someone you love is behind bars. It causes a lot of cognitive dissonance and feelings of helplessness.
Jesus loves you
I’ve drunk and driven plenty of times. Not in years tho but when I did you can be sure I wouldn’t be caught speeding nonetheless going 130+ mph.
I might have a little more sympathy for Ruggs if he wasn't driving 156 freaking miles per hour.  Even if you are completely drunk you know not to drive that fast.  He just plowed right into someone and caused them to burn alive in their vehicle.  I mean, Good Lord.  This guy's career better be over, and he should get the maximum sentence for felony DUI.
Love & Respect to this coach.
Thoughts and prayers brought to you by Coca Cola.
He supports a killer.
Thoughts and prayers don't do jack shit.
Roll-tide4life, exactly what I Bern COMMENTING since this happened, raidernation4life also
Would most of you simple minded creatures send prayers to someone who was drunk and doing 150mph and killed your kid? Or is the empathy selective because a football player committed crime ? Most of you people are some dense sobs.
Saban couldn't care less ruggs isn't on his payroll anymore
Every tim I hear a great coach speak, I can’t help but think of Belichick. Guy literally answers in one word every time.
I don't really see what Ruggs did wrong. Now days you can go around maskless and unvaccinated and impact THOUSANDS  of lives around you, but that's okay because of personal freedom.
Man, I feel like Henry's a good kid but that's one screwed situation. Obviously you feel horrible for the victim, but man this is one of those ones that makes it feel like a kid screwing up, causing a tragedy, and every related party suffers. I guess all you can really hope for is growth and on the other side, eventually, acceptance that life is just cruel sometimes
Sure hope Ruggs gets the maximum sentence possible.
Rolltide
The young woman's parents. There are no words to describe their pain.   And for what?
Yeah, that was a good learning experience…only cost a non famous person her life…at least the football hero lived. Maybe he can have nice little interventions with all his locker room buddies and tell them, ‘hey killing nobodies is still bad’ even if you think you’re the cat’s meow.
What a lame statement. Anyone with balls would have said, "Who? I'm sorry, I forgot who he was the second he murdered someone instead of taking a F**KING UBER!!" Weak coaches are part of the reason these kids never grow up!
Thoughts and prayers for Henry??? WTF? He killed a woman and her dog. He deserves no thoughts or prayers. He deserves 40 years in prison and that’s it.
I don't support Henry Ruggs, he deserves everything that comes his way. I support the victim and her family. That's who people should support. Don't drop the soap Henry.
Ruggs can go to hell, there is no excuse for those decisions
So that Coca Cola just sitting there.
Less than 20 years in prison would be a gift to the rich and famous. Ruggs murdered this girl!
He knew he was going to get this question and he did the best he could.
Prayers to the family who lost they family
Praying for all 🙏
Raiders fan here: Ruggs was looking so explosive and had the WORLD at his fingertips!  So sad that he made the decision that SO MANY PEOPLE make day in and day out. He knew better, and now we’ll watch him pay for it.  How the lives of the victim’s family are changed forever as well as Ruggs’ family’s lives…. Such AN ABSOLUTE TRAGEDY
Translation: “I really don’t give a fuck about that guy, why y’all asking me about that n______?”
156 mph , you don't do that in a regular car . Too much too soon!
I feel nothing for Ruggs. Sorry. I make a 10th of his salary and I'll take an Uber if I've been drinking. I feel sorry for this young lady and her beautiful baby Max... it's tragic. I pray for the family. I hope Ruggs gets decades behind bars. Mistakes are something you almost have no control over. This wasn't a mistake.
Blah blah blah.  Ruggs sat on the curb while the lady screamed for her life in a burning car.  Maybe bammer needs a creed (rather than an endless, arrogant screed).
Don't drink and drive
156 mph and twice the legal limit for alcohol... this was just the dumbest fcking thing ever...  Oh, let's not forget, he was on NEIGHBORHOOD streets....  Sympathy for this guy? Are you insane?
Felony charges? Should it be murder charges
nothing good happens after midnight. that's what I was told
Well said sir
Henry Ruggs committed a serious crime that led to the horrific death of Tina Tintor.  Henry Ruggs doesn’t deserve any sympathy or thoughts and prayers, he deserves 20 years in prison.
The one thing he said "Learn from it."
At least prayers are being sent out. I'm sure that'll help.
Poor Henry!  Only going 156 mph on a neighborhood street I have driven a thousand times.  He chose to get drunk, speed and kill that woman and her dog.  I guess Coach Saban doesn't care that Tina was alive after she was hit and screaming for help while Henry and his baby momma sat on the ground asking for help for themselves while Tina and Max, her dog, burned to death.
There's not a lot of Saban guys that get into trouble is there? Kind of just noticed that. I dunno maybe I just can't remember enough. Either way terrible situation for all involved.
like Forest Gump put it "stupid is as stupid does" ..............
The victim was mentioned AFTER the drunk and wreckless PLAYER each time. Shame on you! 😡
He said “Thoughts & Prayers 4 times in 45 seconds! That might be a record…
Lls......WTH is he supposed to say...... HILARIOUSLY PATHETIC
Honestly didn’t feel as generic as I thought it would
Next question- Bill Billichick
Don’t drink and drive it not worth it because in a blink of an eye it’s all gone this is sad prayers for everyone involved
Thug Life personified...😞
Hopefully the families of the young woman and her dog, will keep him playing and pay, til he retires,( no money can replace a life), this happened to Leonard Little,  he was a defensive player for the St.Louis Rams, and he did something similar,  as where life was lossed!
As a Nebraska fan. That girl is dead, go big red
I love how they are promoting shit coca cola
Just so sad for all involved. Especially the innocent girl and dog that lost life on this earth because of the bad choices of one person. The fact she burned alive is harrowing and evil. Two lives ended, one life is forever changed for the worse, and many peoples lives changed forever who loved Ruggs and his victims. I feel bad for him and the victims. He made a mistake, a bad decision like we all have done in our lives at some point but in this life one mistake is all it takes. Sad.
Money doesn't make these idiots any smarter. He needs to deal with the consequences. If he was an illegal alien the NFL would have bailed him out.
He would side with Henry, what a scumbag!💩🚽
I don’t care who he is, he should be in a prizon for life, and still be happy to be alive. He caused a terrible death of a beautiful young girl!!! It wasn’t an accident, it was murder!!! He was drunk, and irresponsible!!! If money can pay his freedom, it will be a shame of the system that aloud him to do that. He didn’t loose anybody, but victim’s family lost their precious daughter, sister, granddaughter… The girl lost her life!!!!!!!
People need to call this what it is. A selfish act, by a selfish individual. He put himself 1st, instead of being a professional. Reap what you sow. Hope he gets the Max sentence and loses everything he has. Just like that young woman and her dog. Childish grown men these days.
Why do people always use that fake ass “ they are in our thoughts and prayers” really? You honesty think this man said a prayer for the victim who he never met???
Lock the guy up give him 10’years
Saban should run for president
Too late to pray for the victim. Henry got top billing over the victim's family.
Good luck today I'm just won't to say I'm really sorry Henry Ruggs  just like you said i will keep him in my thoughts and prayers thanks Nick Saban hope you had a great birthday have a good day
The woman was screaming as she was burning alive inside that car. God bless her soul let her feel no more pain.
Glad he didn’t turn his back on him and all the dudes with those fast cars on his roster can see the results of going super fast
Ruggs is a fool...
Thoughts and prayers and a product placement paying him millions.
F Henry! Typical SATAN!
Whether he intended it or not. Ruggs is probably going to save a life in the future. He will be made an example of, as he should. When the NFL moved a franchise to Las Vegas, this had to be part of their calculus.
Wise words
A man doesnt need tobsat when he's disappointed, you can see it
Pure unadulterated class act. Love this guy.
It was the fucking ladies fault that caused the crashed .. she obviously got in his way.. she had it coming
NO can he get the coca cola off his stand.. was he paid for that?  just like the adverts behind him!!!! and maybe thats the problem they get paid enough to think nothing can touch them. young egos are invincible. and if most people werent blinded by the fact he WAS a football star he would be under the jailhouse... lets see how just this system is. where are all the BLMs. guess Tina tentor doesn't fall in the category. blms if they care should address the fact of how many foot ball stars abuse their privilege's.
you can tell saban was disappointed af but he’s still gonna be there for henry ruggs. that’s what makes nick saban a great coach
He's so much mire than a football coach. He is a mentor and life coach.
Bama and Raider fan in Vegas here.  Local media is all over this sad story.. Ruggs facial expressions are like he's in a dream or somewhere else.  You hear these stories all the time to know well enough not to drink and drive...but yet they continue to happen quite frequently. Saban is good for college football  (players and coaches too).  He always well spoken on issues as such.  You can just tell he is emotionally involved and concerned 100%
When in doubt bust out "thoughts and prayers "
Well said by Saban.
Kudos to him for mentioning the victim first.
Many athletes won't learn a thing from this, they think they are indestructible.
Henry Ruggs was set up from early childhood. he was never taught about or expected to follow rules. Because he had athletic gifts, he was allowed to do anything he wanted. What do you expect would happen when he started receiving obscene amounts of money? Are we supposed to accept the words of a man who is payed millions of dollars a year to win at all costs? Ruggs and Aaron Rogers are both examples of what is wrong woth sports in this country.
Because of this, a few  of these players will tighten up their ship for a while but eventually they'll go right back to drinking & driving.
Any kid can drive a fast car fast. It takes a man to drive a fast car slow….
Henry will be a wide receiver for many years to come. He will never be a tight end though.
The 22 year old victim was burned alive. Because he wanted to get hammerd and drive 156 mph. Imagine how scared she was! Henry Ruggs doesn’t deserve anything.
No winners.in this sad story. Not any.
Couse u play pro sports and got alot of money doesn't mean u get a slap on the rest Henry ruggs not the first pro player to kill someone drunk as hell the people cant get there child back Henry barely got a scare and made bond to go home will his family and the girl who was with his dude get what he deserve sued for million..don't got no career no more and 40 years in the slammer...no sympathy for him rest in peace your lady and your dog..
Chose your friends wisely.  The ones that pixx you off the most, keep them close, cause they love you the most.
All about Henry, not the Woman he burned to death. He was crying on the street while she screamed and burned alive.
Doing the right thing even when no one is watching. Damn Coach
Too bad you mentored a murderer Nick.
I hope that in all this we recognize that a 23 year old woman with so much to live for is known.
BLACKS MEXICANS AND NATIVE AMERICANS 12 TRIBES OF ISRAEL WE ARE GOD CHOSEN PEOPLE THE REAL HEBREW ISRAELITES OF THE BIBLE RESEARCH
If you watch the video his girlfriend is screaming help him help him at the police officer to help Henry while the girl and her dog are burning to death I only have one thought just one I don’t give a shit about that football player I hope he gets what’s coming to him nobody talks about her they only talk about him same old story shitty society shitty rules she’s dead and he’s fucking home Hope he gets what’s coming to him
As an Auburn fan I admit that Saban is a very classy guy. I admire his passion for the game and the love he has for his players. You can see it in his eyes.
Probably drinking and texting while driving like 99% of GenXers
Make good choices: Players with Beat headphones on: …”whad he said?”
Wake up people. It’s the fault of everyone in this kids corner. That’s right … KID. Handing a young guy with no obvious mentor or guardian to steer him in the right direction millions of dollars and expecting him to make all the right moves. It’s the agent, owner, league, organization, and parents who are to blame. Everyone failed him and this is the result. Probably a really good guy. Very unfortunate. Especially for the young girl who died burning to death in her car while bystanders listen to her scream as they could do nothing save her life.
This sucks :(
Don’t drink and drive.
All involved ? Henry Thugg III is your typical NFL douche with a 10 cent brain you make a multi millionaire. He deserves no compassion and no sympathy. He served a long fall and a short rope.
COACH SABAN KNOWS WHAT TO SAY AND HOW TO SAY IT.
Best response you can give in a crappy situation like that as a coach
"Probably be pretty devastating to Henry".... yea I suppose so.
Head coach fired, let’s party. Raiders losing players faster than young Vegas citizens
Nah Henry need to serve time Y’all have to realize DUI crash could happen to any of us ( could be hit by a drunk driver )
Typical Bama player. Remember that time a group of his players got pulled over with marijuana and an illegally possessed firearm? A federal crime? Yet Saban only suspended them and did it for a week nonetheless.
How many times have we talked about the dangers of DUI? At this point everyone knows it's wrong. RIP to the victim and I have zero empathy for the murderer.
Compassion for a murderer…. Very Urbanesque if you ask me
Remember when Caitlyn Jenner killed someone in a car crash then she went on to become woman of the year. Yeah let that sink in
Hate him as alabamas coach but saban is a great man
Coach Saban really cares that’s why his team wins. Our prayers go to everyone involved… so sad .   USA 🇺🇸
RIP to this lady and her dog. If I was drunk I would’ve called a Uber/Lyft and have my car towed back to the mansion.
These thoughts and prayers are brought to you by Coke
Now that's exactly how you respond to that question. He didn't leave out the victim and at the same time, held Henry responsible and let the world know that he and the Alabama family still supported him. Well done Coach Saban. 👏🏿
Drunk and driving 156 mph not too smart play stupid games win stupid prizes
Fuck that! Henry is now a murderer and hopefully he gets the max 45 year sentence that he is facing! Not only did he kill the girl but also her poor dog. They both screamed as they we’re engulfed in the flames from the car catching fire. He deserves no less than 45 years. Hopefully he gets 45 each consecutively.
Love saban man
Lol Nick already knew it was coming. Had a little something prepared
Don't take his livelihood away from him Henry has fought so hard to come up sure he done wrong he is not the first one in life there are many lessons everyone deserves a second chance
I feel bad for everyone involved. Is the poisonous drink on the podium needed
Multimillionaire and yet a $40 uber ride was too much to handle. Sad how quick a bad decision can change your life. GOD BLESS the  victims family and have the Spirit upon them and may GOD have mercy up Henry Ruggs.
His lawyers will probably blame Chevrolet for the accident.
F You Saben !! How dare you put your " thoughts and prayers to all involved "!! That fool murdered that girl , just like someone aiming a weapon in a robbery!
This football thug was driving 156 mph in a residential area drunk !! This isn't just some tragic mistake,  this is murder!! And he also had a gun in his car not registered.  What about that Saben ??
Ruggs was a dumbazz behind the wheel. I’m sorry I tried to have some sort of sympathy for the guy but I seen videos of him and his GF speeding in residential areas over a year ago. He didn’t crash bc he was drunk the guy was literally hell on wheels that shyt was bound to happen the way he would drive
Let's Go Brandon,  and all you too !!
I totally agree with coach. Henry didn't have, no good reason, to be going that fast. I don't care, what you're going through. Risking your life, and other people's lives. That tragically ended up. With one person losing their life. And then her dog being burned alive. Is truly not thee answer. Jesus is the answer. He's always have been. And he always will be. And the sooner and not later. That the whole world will realize that. Then the better off we'll all be.
Jesus saves
i have no compassion for drunk drivers, fuk um. i dont care who they are, ask any victims family what they think. Let them rot in jail.
Jesus is the answer. That don't mean we gotta get all religious.  But Jesus own words " Do not be amazed at this, all those in the memorial tombs will come out"
Off topic... is it public information how much Coke pays for this advertising?
lol he’ll get to have a 20 year career in prison… 34 cents a game 😂
Great response, class act Saban
And 4 days later the backup quarterback on OSU was arrested for DUI. He didn't learn a thing from Henry Ruggs' mistake in judgement.
Thoughts and prayers to a guy who killed someone?
wow, listening to court this morning and they say he was cursing the hospital staff, wouldn't cooperate with the police, was slurring his words and didn't even know he killed a girl...wow ...he was hella drunk...he had a loaded gun in his car too.....He is an angel.....
Why the bloody hell say a prayer for a murderer!!!!!!!!! It was no accident!!!!!!!!!. He decided to drive drunk. He decided to drive 156 in a City. He didn't give a shit!!!!!!!!!!! He put himself above EVERYTHING. In the middle of football season, drunk, speeding in a city............. Nick say a prayer for that. This is the REAL USA. You kill each other and say a prayer.
Saban is so sad for Henry. Of course enormously disappointed, but you can see the pain in his eyes. You’re a good guy coach
Im starting to think Coca Cola sponsors ‘Bama or Saban. 😂
The problem in America today is there is no accountability for people's actions. Especially for the wealthy and particularly sports stars. This guy got out on a $155K bond. Really? And facing a minimum of 2 years to 46. His smart lawyer will whittle his sentence down to 4 years with time served. Mark my words. With deaths involving drunk driving there should be a minimum sentence of 50 years to life. This is why people continue to drink and drive. The punishment does not fit the crime. I hope the family sues this idiot for every last penny at least.
One stupid, thoughtless decision. Took an innocent life and left her family with a lifetime of heartache and pain. Ruggs ruined a lot of the future he was headed to. Heartbreaking all the way around.
Ruggs made millions all ruggs had to do was pay $20 to $40 for a uber ride when intoxicated
as an Auburn fan, a lot more respect was just earned for Saban, hit the nail on the head with every word he spoke.
Those drinks will cost henry 200 million easily
I used to be a court officer. I have literally transported about 6 dudes to jail, from court, when they were found guilty of DUI manslaughter and sentenced to 20-25 years. I listened to them scream, sob, beg for forgiveness, but none of that matters once they realize that ONE mistake that they made, now means that they will spend a huge majority of their life, in prison. I wont drink a single sip of beer, and drive a car. I just wont.
Nothing good happens after midnight. Unfortunately, this gets proven time and time again. RIP Tina Tintor and your beautiful dog. You didn’t deserve to die this way. So horrific.
Thoughts and prayers. Such GOOD they do! Such B.S.
I mean... He couldn’t have said that any better. Dude is the definition of a coach.
Don’t drink and drive. Nothing good ever comes of that shit.
Unfortunately there are a majority of professional athletes that have this twisted mind set. Especially football players.  Regardless of his athletic abilities education and family values typically are not a priority. As a result innocent lives are needlessly wiped out, and people like Henry has nothing to fall back on because everything was based on his athletic skills.   Maybe now Henry will focus on getting an education so that he can become a contributing member of society once he serves his prison time.
Very sad
Really? Serious? This is our society? Oh, nevermind...I'll just have a Cola...
So sad all around. Two lives were really lost that night, not one.
Fake news
Goes to show you what happens when you give these spoiled athletes a lot of money …. Pure disgrace what sports has turned into …these punks 🤔 their above the law. ROT U SLIME BAG !!!!!!
People showing almost compassion for the driver as the victim. Strange. Does Saban really love him?
I may hate Alabama but I do love Nick Saban!!! Thoughts and prayers to Henry Ruggs III and his family and the victims of the car accident and incident!!! R.I.P Henry Ruggs III on your career!!! We love you and we're praying for you!!!
average top speed of a Nascar in a race  is just over 200 mph......Ruggs was doing 156 on a residential street .....hard one to comprehend
Henry is probably going to help a lot of people in these comment make the choice to not drink and drive
I’m a UGA fan but damn that was well spoken
For a second i thought this was Andrew Cuomo
Not an easy question to answer... he spoke w firmness but from the heart.
🙏🏻😇
(0:05) 👃🏼
Try not to PICK your damn nose during a news conference..wtf
Only the victims,get sympathy,F**K-Ruggs
This is so sad on both families.Don't ever ever get behind the wheel if impaired from alcohol or drugs..
Thoughts and prayers... So helpful
Coach is actually saying that he is disappointed with Henry Ruggs because he made a horrible decision that ended a persons life and as a result his life is unalterably changed as well
I've own Porsches and fast cars and never race in public... Plenty of race clubs that go to a track on the weekend.
Ruggs deserves nothing at this point except the maximum sentence allowed by law! This was NOT a traffic accident!
The difference between heaven and hell is often one bad choice.
This sad interview is brought to you by the delicious taste of Coca Cola! You haven't been murdered by an idiot drunk driving, so enjoy the fresh fizzy taste!
Probably said before Saban knew he was driving 150mph and the lady he hit was heard crying for help before the fire ended her.   Horrific way to go
Nice nose pick.
No one should be worried about ruggs right now. He did this to himself and hurt others. We don't even know if he's truly sorry for what he's done and even if he is it'll take years to prove that and change and pay his debt back to society but at this moment in time no one should be thinking of ruggs and only the victim and their loved ones
Henry deserves decades locked up in prison
Bill Belichick should take notes
Right when I found out abt what happened I instantly thought abt saban
Woke enabled this conduct
A+ answer
156mph?  Guilty.
UGA
“Convicts” still at it again I see…
i think everyone should know that the girl burned alive, fkc you ruggs, you knew what you were doing
Perfectly insipid, diplomatic response.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victim only F Henry dude committed murder deserves a life sentence
always show appreciation and thanks God for your blessings,you can wake up tomorrow and lose all that' 🙏
Lives affected forever. Very sad.
He said that perfect.
Great answer. I’m surprised he answered it to be honest.
Why do I want to go out and buy a Coke right now?
Prayers for fantasy owners
As a auburn fan i really admired how he handled this being from Montgomery i respect Henry Ruggs and prayers for both families and everyone whose close to them
I think what we learned is don't get hammered and drive 150 mph.
I AM SO DISAPPOINTED IN HENRY, I THOUGHT HE WAS MORE INTELLIGENT THAN THIS, HE HAD LIFE MADE JUST TO THROW IT ALL AWAY
This situation has nothing to do with 100% of you in this comment section.
Oh, so your thoughts and prayers are with the victim!  Exactly what "thoughts" are you harboring for the young woman who was burned to death?  Did you even bother to learn what her name is . . . . well . . . was? How much of a family did she leave behind?  What did she do for a living? I'm just curious as to what your perfunctory "thoughts" are on her situation if you weren't genuinely concerned enough to find out any info on her or her family!  And what exactly are you going to "pray" for Coach?  For her to make it through this ordeal?  Seeing that she's already dead, praying for that won't do her much good.  Perhaps you and others can "pray" for her to arise from the dead in three days, just like Jesus!  Perhaps you can pray to God to give her family the emotional fortitude to not wish to see Ruggs burn in the eternal fires of damnation, unlike his victim!
Awwww poor Henry.  F that.  100% support should go to the girl's family.  He should only speak of her, coach or no coach.
This message brought to you by Coca-Cola
He’s cute 🥰
Well said
What a weasel, say spend $10 on Uber!!!
THE 23 YR OLD GIRL WAS ALIVE.  A MAN DESPERATELY TRIED TO CUT HER SEATBELT AND PULL HER OUT.  SHE BURNED ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ruggs willingly chose to drink himself inebriated, refuse to utilize the FREE RIDESHARE service the NFL offers to their players, and go 156 MPH until he killed Tina and her dog in the most gruesome way possible (burning to death)   I'm sorry I can't have any sympathy or compassion for someone who could be that selfishly cruel, it should have been Ruggs who died instead of Tina hope he gets the maximum sentence.
Thoughts and prayers with Henry... SMH Henry needs to rot in prison for life
What's he supposed to say
Tesla will solve this problem.
Zero sympathy for drunk drivers
22/23 year old millionaires need leadership.
Saban the goat
Cant stand Alabama but they sure have an amazing football coach.
Nick Saban can take his message and shove it deep up in there... all these southern football head coaches are just pimps for these kids... no education here people sorry ... no builders of men.
You can have all the money, cars and women you want but you will not live a full life if you're not mature enough to make adult decisions.
Why is he sending “thoughts and prayers” to the murderer? I bet he wouldn’t say the same if the girl killed Ruggs.. he made his decision to ruin his life and the victim’s he doesn’t deserve any sympathy
RIP too victims.... Henry also RIP in prison
LSU fan, I appreciate this man more and more every year. He’s got class when it matters the most and he’s a great man. There’s not many coach Saban out there.
How much did Saban pay the WR? We all know about that Fairhope scheme.
Never been a Bama fan but I respect the hell out of what they do and Saban. One hell of a coach
Very targic! Made a very BAD choice & he will pay dearly for it for the rest of his life.
I’m just a truck driver and this has really challenged me to be better…..I hate this for everyone involved……just devastating for all involved
Mr Ruggs my boy, your best bet right now is to do a plead deal with the judge. Thats the best thing for you right now...
As fuked up as what he did was… I can’t help but feel bad for the guy. 1 dumb choice cost 2 people their lives. 1 of them just happens to lose it via freedom in life. Sad for all parties. God watch over them 🙏🏽 amen.
Football is full of bad people
Yea my prayers go out too. That he gets it hard in the a ss all 10 days he's in jail before they drive him home. What a bunch of s hit.
Thoughts and prayers to Herny whatever screw him the piece of garbage. Just watch how he acted after the crash at the scene and in the hospital he cared about no one but himself. Rot in jail !
How about you state the victims name?
Your life Can Change in A Second.. Stay Safe and Blessed …You Do Mean Something to somebody…if your reading this💯💯💯
DUI resulting in death is a very serious charge and it should be.    He is facing many many years in prison.   If he had shot somebody dead in Chicago, he would be released by now, but there is no messing around with DUIs.
You can't do the right thing when you're that intoxicated the alcohol thinks for you. And it doesn't make the right choice's. That's why this senseless death happened. It's sad so many lives are forever changed. Prayers to the family's
Is it a tragedy? Getting in a car drunk and driving a car at 150+ miles an hour on a city street? We need another word. People get canceled for stupid things they said as kids. Gruden got fired for name-calling. If Dak Prescott's injury ended his career, that would have been a tragedy. This kid killed someone, who burned to death. I feel sorry for everyone involved.  But if Ruggs lost control, hit a bridge abutment and killed himself instead of a girl and her dog? Would that have been a tragedy or stupidity and irresponsibility? This wasn't an accident.
Raiders have a free driving service for players 24/7
Yes, prayers for all.  No surprise here.    Nobody needs to tell us what can happen when we drive recklessly.  We ALREADY know it.  But some don't care.
Let’s pray for the families. Let’s pray for the young man. He made a major mistake but his life can stand for something good. He will be punished let the judicial system do that and pray he comes out and does something great that is in Gods will
Henry was gonna be the best out of the core 4 in the pros. Sad part. Jerry, Devonta, Jaylen🙏 pray for your fallen brother
He belongs in prison for the rest of his selfish life
I liked what Saban was saying besides when he said he still loves and supports Ruggs. Exactly the kind of dumb rhetoric that leads to this shit happening again. No sympathy for drunk drivers and speeders and especially selfish pieces of shit who do both. An innocent women and her dog were viciously burned to death because of this POS and Saban still loves and supports him?
Thoughts and prayers for Henry? GTFO! Drunk and driving 156 mph. Maybe if they had some god dam real discipline at Alabama their players would not leave and commit criminal acts!
I Love U coach #Saban🐐 ❤️🙏🏾
if it was a white guy  driving 156 mph drunk and murdered a black women BLM would burn Vegas to the ground, but sense hes black it's ok he wuz a good boy he didnt nun wrong
I wonder if the Gas peddle got stuck...
JUST A RANDOM GIRL LOST IN COMMENT SECTION 😛
Overdosing on the Good life can bring a Fast end to your Good Life. Tragic situation.... The Thrill of the Moment is not worth the Potential Consequences
Get that Coke Cola add in for mega bucks!!!!
Yeah it’s not about football.  It’s about life.  Bad decisions come when your out at 330 in the morning.  I love ALABAMA and love Ruggs.  But you can’t disregard life so carelessly.
GOD BLESS
The consequences are a hell of a lot more devastated for his victim and her family than they are for Henry.
"This is why we would only give him a Focus when he got here."
Lame. Always generic thoughts and prayers. Would of respected him more if he spoke truthfully. Ruggs is a moron would of done fine.
He looks so disappointed
He didn't even mention the victims name, and had the audacity to say he'll support a fucking murderer. I can't imagine being burned alive with my dog and being this disrespected.
Screw Henry
23 year old woman with a whole life ahead of her cut short, her dog died too. Who the hell drives 156 mph? This guy deserves the max. Whether he gets it or not is another story. The facts are pretty clear here - this jerk drove 150 mph in a sports car with no concern for anybody else. Saban was too soft on him.
The media is treating Ruggs like he's a victim, it's pathetic...
I think he likes to here himself talk
SABAN IS A GREAT COMMUNICATOR...HE DRINKS WITH HIS PLAYERS.....EXCELLENT....FUCK RAIDER NATION AND NICK
just so sad and pointless.  One loved one is gone to soon and the others life is now destroyed.  Ruggs will live with this for the rest of his life, long after prison and the lawsuits.
Let’s not pay attention to the coke bottle plz
Yeah it’s not about football.  It’s about life.  Bad decisions come when your out at 330 in the morning.  I love ALABAMA and love Ruggs.  But you can’t disregard life so carelessly.
Ruggs does not deserve any thoughts and prayers. All he deserves is a one way ride to prison.
Thoughts and prayers to the victim of course, no one deserves to die like that young woman died, but it's also good that the University of Alabama will support this young man , moving forward.
He’s “Challenging” his other players to learn from this? Idk, you don’t have to be a genius to know *not* to drive 156+ MPH (like an idiot.) on literally *ANY* road. To bad the numbskull didn’t have the decency to expire with her at the same time. They *always* seem to walk away with minor injuries. *Trash.* She didn’t deserve to die from *his* colossal idiocy. Hope he gets the harshest penalty they can give him. Hope he enjoyed his career *(hopefully also his freedom for a few years or more.)* while it lasted. He will never get it back. The little glob of Grotsky putridity that he is.
VERY WELL SAID COACH!🙏🏽👍🏾
As my mama aways said, nothing good happens after midnight.
He sounds like he only mentions the victims as a media obligation.  All these football guys stick together.  It's disgusting.
As a BAMA Alum this is just so so so sad....on every level.
As an OU fan, I have come appreciate coach Saban for football reasons, but this is amazingly well said coach. I feel the same way. Thanks for your thoughtful response to this serious situation
As a South Carolina fan. Well said from Nick Saban.
Alcohol isn’t from God alcohol is from Satan & man combined I’m a 53 yr old man and I’ve seen first hand what it does to individuals, family’s, communities, to States, & Nations it almost destroyed my entire family and my life along with it now is the time to Repent and turn away from this poison Jesus can deliver you he delivered me
Thoughts and prayers. Yah, that'll help.
Get that Coca-Cola bottle down unbelievable
Lock him up for ever
Theres No place for Drinking and driving when you have all the resources as a pro nfl player, uber, taxi, designative driver friend. There was nothing professional about his actions!!!
Why did he say victims in plural. Bro are you serious. A young girl lost her life. I can’t take this coach serious
Eww he just picked his nose 😂
To be real, that was just some young rich shit. He fucked up but the man is 22 and rich asf. Can’t hold this over his head.
Saban is a great communicator
freak this guy who killed the innocent girl. No one cares about him we care more for the girls family
This isn’t the 80s we have Uber and Lyft. GET A RIDE FROM THEM OR CALL SOMEBODY, ITS NOT WORTH IT TRUST ME. I hope people can learn from this just like Sagan said
From an LSU fan. I respect coach Saban. The man isn’t only a coach, he is compassionate and caring.
I'm praying for Henry to get 45 years in prison
Exactly how I knew Saban would feel.
"Thought and prayers" - Anthony Jeselnik
Saban knew or should have known Ruggs was probably an alcoholic while at Alabama . He may have been helped at the beginning of his career .  Progressive disease, so now the fall out.
Sick of everyone acting like ruggs is a victim who made a mistake
It's not just drunk driving, which is bad enough, it's driving 156mph on the side streets, not the expressway. When people say they are going to see him through it it sounds like they are hoping for a short sentence or no sentence- do they really men they will see him through twenty or more years in prison? Probably not. That's what he deserves, imho- this is murder. However, in California the possible sentences for this are 4, 6, or 10 years for gross vehicular manslaughter- if he gets four years, maybe he could be out in two? Even ten years isn't close to fair for what he did.
Those people he killed . Their lives didn`t matter.
A lot more accidents caused by border jumpers in CA!  Give that some press too!
Great words Coach!
If I hear "Thoughts and Prayers" one more time. People have lost that meaning.
I wish just once when some shit like this happens, no one would “support” the criminal. Dude killed someone. Period. His own choice. I wish everyone would condemn it and condemn him like he deserves. 150+ mph and 2x BAC limit. I know Saban just gonna be diplomatic, probably just doesn’t give a shit. But man, that girl burned to death. Makes me sick to my stomach
Alabama is 47th in education......bottom 10 are all red states
One reason not to start drinking period.....100 percent of the people who started to drink never started to become an alcoholic. Just a thought.
Everyone always says Thoughts and Prayers when someone dies... Do people actually Genuinely mean it?
Prison sentence for life definitely should be the consequences here minimum!! He took a life !! They need to start judicially executing people who are drunk driving Killing others , and people are killing people while texting also.... judicial executions need to start and this would help save innocent lives !!
Do the crime do the time. Sad that a bad decision was probably due to bad habits enabled by many people who do the same.
God, please bless the young lady's family.
saban is GOD. And GOD sends good soldiers to the nfl. bb trusts saban's soldiers. When GOD speaks y'all should listen. Repent NOW sinners! The trepidation is coming.
I rooted against Bama for years. Mainly out of jealousy. But what a class act by Coach Saban in what he said regarding Henry Ruggs.
I personally know the tsunami of sh-t that comes when you drink and drive. It will destroy everything positive you have going on in your life. Hopefully he can get his shit together, and doesn't end up losing everything he's worked for.
If he did a better job actually mentoring kids instead of using them as property these kids would do better.
REPENT! Time is running out! The penalty for sin is death. Jesus willingly took your sins and penalty onto Himself. He took your sins, as innocent as He was, and died for you anyway. Jesus LOVES you! 🥊
Crazy... This is so fucked up.
Henry should go to prison for a long time.
Coca cola is poison. Shows this man has no integrity to promote something like that.
Well said! Let him be an example 👌🏾
Stupid press trying to see If he makes a dumb remark.
I don’t think he could have said it any better than this perfect
What about all drunk Fans leaving the Alabama games?
I suspect this guy has been speeding all along and the cops have been giving him a pass because he was a Raider.  And that gives young people with a ton of money a distorted view of reality.  I doubt anyone speeds at 156 MPH the first time they are driving drunk.  It's kind of like how  Andy Reid was enabling his 2 sons for so long before that story FINALLY  blew up in metro Philly.  He thought he was helping his kids by getting them  out of trouble but he  was actually doing the opposite of that.
YOU did NOT teach him nothing period. He had a gun in the car! What RIGHT THING? He thinks that he is ABOVE the law. He went way, way, way OVER 100 mph!  What was he doing? Here we are again. Hello! He needs to get 20 year plus period! He needs to give back to the family. He lives. She is NOT! The dog died too! Players have been told. DONT DRINK AND DRIVE. He KNEW the consequences. He has been told. We have been told again and again and again. He did NOT learn! NOT learn it be in HS. He did NOT learn in college. He did NOT learn in the NFL. Thus, LOCK HIM UP for life, life, life.
Put him in jail for decades and decades!!!
Good
watch him pick his nose.
My thoughts and prayers aren't with Henry.  The guy was drunk going g 150 and killed a dog!   Screw him
He killed a woman he should go to jail for the maximum amount of time he is a privileged black NFL at least that has never had anybody say no to him and his entire life fuck that guy
https://youtube.com/shorts/TAXjJrwEnaQ?feature=share
This should be a eye opener for all.  Not just spoiled ass athletes
I can’t imagine how disappointed Saban is
Sorry but good kid's don't get drunk and kill people. You can support him all you want but you need to think before speaking!
Nick: (I want to get this PR stunt over with fawking idiot 157mph!) First of all...
The piece of shit killed someone because he drank and decided to sit behind his wheels, killing someone so horrendously. She was burnt alive in pain and agony, screaming for help. Let that sink in. What if it was your sister or mother or daughter. He needs to spend the rest of his life in prison.
I hope he is sued for everything he has!!!! NO EXCUSE!!! He is a SCUM BAG!!!
Prayer to the young lady  https://youtu.be/Hm4VE0ZqE9g
The victim was named Tina Tintor. Only 23 and was killed at no fault of her own.
The guy had it all and threw it away.  Think before you make stupid decisions..
Why is it that majority of the time drunk drivers survive? This guy needs to go to jail for life.
Such potential wasted and for what?
Henry is a piece of sh*t!! Hopefully he gets the FULL time in jail.
"Thoughts and Prayers" I Thought It Was Only A Joke On Paradise PD😂
JUST A RANDOM GIRL LOST IN COMMENT SECTION 😛
I think saban is disappointed but will stick with henry
A man has a chance to have an incredible Life, RICH beyond his Dreams and instead decides to get DRUNK and drive 156 MPH on a city street knowing that Death is inevitable.....He chose his Fate.
I agree 👍  coach. They know better when they leave you by helping them to  be able to have a wonderful career and they are the ones that have to make the choice.  The  right choice to be successful. You are the greatest!!
these positive comments from multiple people about suggs lead me to believe that suggs is a good person who made a stupid decision. This is exactly why I don’t drink. RIP to the victim and their family, they are the ones who are truly suffering in this situation.
Perfect response Coach Saban! You represent us fans well.
I'm sure ruggs' people and the nfl are working overtime to see that he gets the lightest possible punishment, if any at all. They'll twist turn and spin it to make the innocent lady somehow partially at fault. A undisclosed monetary settlement paid by the nfl and all will be swept under the rug
Jesus Christ is coming back soon! please take it serious what he spoken of is coming to pass right before our eyes.. it’s not a joke,so  y’all need to know the saving salvation of ur soul..that is in Jesus Christ who bore our sins He’s the way the truth and the life He brutality died on the cross to pay the penalty for all of our sins so that if you acknowledge you’re a sinner that’s sinned against His law and you turn to Him by confessing with your mouth that Jesus Lord and believe that he was raised from the dead and call upon his name and repent of ur sins you would be forgiven and saved spared from damnation and Heaven bound God bless you❤️
F Henry
I don't condone Henry... @22 years of age I was driving like a moron at times myself, I just got real lucky a lot of times..real lucky...
It’s unfortunate
He was stupid and should not have been driving.You got money but made a deadly discision to drive
I REALLY FELT DEVASTATED FOR ALL. ESP. THE FAMILY DEALING WITH THE DEATH. COACH SABAN, CLASS ACT AND KNOWS HOW TO SPEAK TO THE HEART. COACH  SABAN, ALSO PRAYING FOR U. U WANT ALL PLAYERS TO HAVE A GOOD LIFE WHATEVER THEY DO. U ARE A GOOD MAN AND MENTOR. I KNOW U ARE HURTING TOO.
My heart goes out to the innocent victims.  23 years old young lady & her pet dog, so sad.  As for the accused, driving at a high rate of speed in traffic is like playing Russian Roulette, now you have to pay the price for your decision that ended another human’s  life.
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates - 🎈
Your going to support a guy that was drunk going over 120 that reared ended an innocent lady killing her and her pet? Watch the video again nick the lady burned to death because of an entitled drunk you "support"
Rugs needs to get full prison sentence , justice system better get it right.
Christ, do they have enough brand placement?
Chilli cheese dogs are decent
Brother man you had a golden ticket and you just threw it away!! I pray for you Mr. Ruggs and thoughts and prayers to the victim's family.
Saban is glad it didn’t happen while Ruggs was playing for Alabama.  He would’ve had to suspend Ruggs for the first half of a game versus an FBS team.
How do these teams not offer a 24 7 365 pick up service?
This is why there shouldn't be a pro team of any sorts in Vegas! It's not called Sin City for nothing!
Thoughts and prayers with Henry? Really Nick? That's just generic non-commital bullshit to wiggle out of saying what you really think.
Here, our thoughts and prayers are with both the victims, the young woman and her pooch.  And, for no one else.
saban is the 1 that coached and mentored him just a short time ago,, im wondering if some kind of civil suit can be brought against the univ of alabama
I think saban and derek carr said it best, while he is deserving of the punishment, ruggs will need every amount of love to get him through this
I bet his comments would be different if it was his daughter that was killed by this idiot.
it's about choices
Everyone should tell their friends, teammates, co-workers, adult children, and teenagers.... Hey.  Call me anytime.  365/24/7.  I will pick you up.  Anywhere.  Anytime.  No questions asked.  Just call me, and I will get you home safe.
Go dawgs have fun being ranked 3rd Alabama
I can’t support someone who chose to do something so wrong driving at 150+ mph while drunk that’s just insane.
I'm a UGA fan but that man continues to impress me with how he handles situations. I think that was the perfect way to answer that question.
All the people that tried so hard and didn't get drafted are saying screw you Henry. You had everything we ever dreamed of and you just threw it away like it was nothing.
Thoughts and prayers eh?  Okie dokie.
I think his sentence should be the same as what the victim experienced strap him into the a rav4 and have a remote controlled corvette going 156 mph run into the back of it and let god decide if he lives or dies
He fucked up.  With tragic results.  He has to own up to the fatal decision he made to drive drunk.
If Ruggs had been going like 60 MPH, he probably would have just gotten a little slap on the wrist like all these other celebrities. But 156 MPH in a 45 MPH zone with a loaded gun on the floor of the car? Jesus he's probably gonna do at least 10 years for this shit.
There’s no victim , the victim is dead 💀, to have thoughts and prayers for a drunk who went 150 mph in a car crash killing someone else makes a lot of sense
Ruggs has ruined his life. That is what happens when you give a lot of money to an immature person.
Prayers for the victim and her family and prayers for Henry and his family.  Horrible mistakes lead to horrible consequences and some mistakes can never be made right.   Heartbreaking for both families and truly hope that they all can recover from such a horrible accident.  Please keep both families in your prayers and pray that something good will come out of this horrible situation.
He should be locked away a long time and that women's family should sue him for everything he has
More of those, oh so useful, "thoughts and prayers"    🤮
You're giving a 21 year olds millions of dollars in a blink of an eye. And unfortunately, some people can't handle it.
Young millionaire men need guidance.  Traveling 150+MPH drinking and driving, maybe NFL should have young players have battle buddies. Now three lives lost to fatal mistakes.  My heart breaks.  A inner voice was ignored due to Alcohol.  Impaired judgement.   We will see if prayers can help heal.  You can lose faith thinking prayer will help at all.
Football and brain damage
Word's to live by, from Coach Nick Saban.  Why is it, that so many of us, only remember these words, when it's, too late.  Nothing good can be found,  in this tragic moment.
One thing about Alabama they will be there for ruggs. Football family
dude was driving 156mph with a .161 bac! that's not some oh oops probably shouldn't have done that. I heard he's facing 2 to 20 years, which i don't see how it shouldn't be on the long side of that. He did something beyond stupid and killed someone in the process.
GUESSS THEY DONT TEACH MUCH AT FOOTBALL ROLL TIDE NATION...AND ALL THOSE FOOTBALL PLAYERS LISTENING TO MUCH RAP ABOUT B20 TCHES AND HO=S  AND ATTENDING A BUNCH OF STRIP CLUB PARTIES... SINCE ROLL TIDE FOOTBALL PLAYERS ARE LIKE GOD..  AND THIS WAS NOT A REGULAR CAR ACCIDENT.. THE MO@ RON RAIDER PLAYER GOING OVER 150 MILES ON RESIDENTIAL STREEL.. AND IT WAS DURING REGULAR SEASON... IT MUST BE THE CORONA VACCINES SHOT EFFECT AND MOXED IT WITH ALCAHOL AND YOUR BRAIN EXPLODES.. AND VICIOUSLY KILL A WOMAN THAT WAS BURN TO DEATH ON HER CAR ABOUR 3 IN THE MORNING///MAYBE THE LADY WAS GOING OR COMING HOME FROM WORK SINCE Las Vegas IS 24-7 PARTY CITY WITH BARS AND CLUBS  OPEN ALL NIGHT LONG.. SO WHAT WAS THE PLAYERS DOING THAT LATE IN THE STREET SINCE HE PROBABLY HAD PRACTICE.... THE DEATH WOMAN FAMILY SHOULD SUE THE HELL OUT OF THE RAIDERS SINCE SHE WAS BURN TO DEATH..  AND MAYBE CHANGE SOME DUI LAWS SINCE THERE IS PROBABLY SEVERAL DUI DEATH IN Las Vegas EVERY WEEEK.... BUT PROBABLY NOT /IS BAD FOR BUSINESS //
Sad for all involved. Prayers from Gator Land. 🐊
Let the system take care of it.and to the beautiful young lady that perished..my prayers go out.
Coudnt of answered that question any better
I really hated to hear this. Praying for everyone involved 🙏
156mph .16 BAL Loaded gun 3:30am Las Vegas
Well said🙏
It's all about choices and choices have consequences
Everyone needs to think this way 👏👏👏
Saban made ruggs and I know he treated him like his own son
Just why this kid just thru his life away.smdh
That man went through the ringer
It's so sad all the way around. I can't even imagine what the family of that young woman is going through.  I would be totally destroyed as a father. I have a daughter that is 23 and I cannot even think of my life without her. I'm not going to sit here and berate Ruggs beacause  his family is devastated as well . This could have totally been avoided.. DO NOT DRINK AND DRIVE or GET HIGH AND DRIVE . Call an Uber , Cab , get on a Bus or Train or just walk. This is just horrible.
Great plug for Coke
Tennessee fan here. Saban has helped a lot of men become better at both football and life. You can see this upset him greatly.
Prayers go out to the drunk driver who killed 2 people and got a $5000 bond. You sound pathetic Nick.
Eye for an eye, wait until he is finally released.
Make plans before you drink. Very few good decisions come after drinking. Prayers for everyone involved. Such a preventable tragedy.
Basically murder
My thoughts and prayers DO NOT go out to Ruggs!
Texas A&M fan here, I too don’t like it when people die
I like how everyone has to note that even though they go to another school they empathize with a tragic situation like it’s some great thing they’re doing. So dumb.
GOD BLESS YOU ALL🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Riggs deserves NO thoughts and prayers! Shame on you Nick.
“Make good choices.” Already instilling that I’m my 2 year old.
I have no sympathy for Henry.  All NFL teams have driver services for players who need a ride after they’ve been drinking. He DECIDED to ignore that.  He DECIDED to drink.  He DECIDED to then drive. He DECIDED to go 156 mph on a residential street.  His terrible, reckless, selfish, negligent decisions resulted in the death of an innocent young woman.  I hope they put him under the jail.  And idc he’s only 22. That just means he’s old enough to know better.
For most of man (mankind) consequences for decisions are not REAL usually until after the fact.  Then after the fact CONSEQUENCES become VERY REAL (depression, pain, agony, on and on). Well...
Two young lives cut short by a stupid choice. One life that’s tragically gone forever (rip young lady. Love to your family). And another young life that is changed forever. A young man who dedicated his life to football and made the NFL. All that’s gone now forever and shamefully so. Two grieving families.
Well said Coach Saban. 👏
From an LSU fan, thank you Saban for being a support system for Ruggs in the hardest thing he's likely ever had to deal with and hopefully the hardest thing he'll ever have to deal with. Prayers to the family of the victim and the Ruggs family as well.
Most mistakes I can forgive and give seconds chances. Driving drunk isn't one of those. No excuses for doing that dumb shit. Condolences to the family of the innocent who lost their life. USE CAR SERVICES OR GET A RIDE. HOW MANY MORE TIMES DOES THIS NEED TO HAPPEN.
A situation close to my family and eerily similar to this case resulted in an 8 year sentence. My thoughts and prayers are with those involved. Many lives affected in an instant. Love each other. Be safe and take care.
They talked a little about Henry Ruggs and the young girl killed in the car fire after the accident tonight on the local Las Vegas news. Folks it's one of the most heart shattering car accidents in Las Vegas history...  You wouldn't wish this on your worst enemy!
"I think this is something we can learn from" he was supposed to already have learned this lesson when his best friend died in a car accident.
Ruggs shouldn't have any thoughts or prayers
It can all change in the blink of an eye. Get to KNOW GOD! Read and Learn the Bible! Keep God first!  Let God have control of your life! Let God lead the way! Praise his Holy name all day long!!!!!! Thank you Jesus for loving me! My heart is very sad for both sides of this terrible horrific situation. The Devil is always on the prowl looking for someone to devour!!! Please God be with both families in this season of loss. Please let them feel your presence. 🙏🏻🧎
So he come from the Saban tree. No wonder he is a drunk murder.
Thoughts and prayers. 2 fakest words
Why do you think that is why it's called the National Felons League?
It’s very very sad coming from a Raiders fan, my condolences to the victims family & his family but Henry, you make so much money, why not call a taxi or an Uber driver to take you home?? Yeah you have a nice corvette but when you want to have a good time, especially in Vegas? you gotta think twice before doing anything.. idk, I was so ready to get your jersey..
One minute this girl is perfectly fine, just a couple blocks from home with her dog, the very next minute she is BURNING ALIVE WITH her dog, screaming from the pain of the huge Fire she is in. Just imagine that, that's the way life is, everything is great then all of a sudden you are burning to death
Saban must feel bad that one of his students failed to follow his guidance.
Well he decided to take his career is over football forever!!
Publicity stunt from Saban and Alabama....damage control for the University of Alabama. You can tell by Saban's demeanor. Saban only cares about winning and didn't invest time to help young men grow into responsible adults. That's what happen when the motto is "business decision." Businesses only cares about profits and losses, not people.
Florida grad here...Saban is a great communicator. Respect.  Wonderful response to a tragic situation.
Why does people put who you are a fan of before making a statement. No one cares what team you like.
Saban will still support Henry ruggs thru this that's the type of person he is
That's what happens when you have individuals that have never had money and come into some, they think they're invincible and it all comes crashing down.
Im sure the woman's family will be glad to know your thoughts on Saban in a time like this.   T&Ps to her family.
According to a man that drops the GD on a regular basis
Thug.  Simple THUG.  156????   RESIDENTIAL STREET?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?! HOPE HE TAKES TGE HONORABLE WAY OUT ALA HERNANDEZ!!!!!!!!
I wish the Univ of Alabama would consider doing a PSA about the ramifications of driving under the influence. Many of us have been affected by this in our personal lives & while we all know that as a 22 year old we're going to make mistakes and/of have lapses in judgement the consequences of the loss of life & the loss of her dog are always a very real possibility  Admittedly this is a tragedy for all families & will be something Henry will have to deal with for the rest of his life.  The rest of us need to be reminded that all actions have consequences.  This is not a time for blame but one of those moments in time where everyone can be reminded of the dangers.  Henry will no doubt face rightful consequence.  And coming from Coach Saban or collegiate athletes perhaps more people will be reached.  Prayers to all affected, past & present
The piece of shit drove drunk and killed a woman.  He deserves prison.
Solid words.
Saban’s a class act.
well said
Some mistakes stay with you your whole life. Ruggs is gonna be reeling from this situation for a very long time. Hopefully the family of the victim will one day find the will to forgive him.
What a good man
Typical PR driven moral fence straddle. I like Saban but he just equated a guy credibly charged with vehicular homicide driving  150 miles an hour at twice the legal limit with a poor woman killed while trying to get home. They aren't comparable.
He’s easily SEC best at the podium too
Mark few gets a slap on the wrist.
Witness video showing aftermath of crash involving Henry Ruggs iii.
Driving 156 miles per hour drunk in a residential area, Henry Ruggs doesn't deserve any compassion.  All thoughts and prayers should go to the victim and her family.
Iam sorry but there's no feeling sorry for the grown ass man that made a choice to drive drunk, he could of walked but didn't , he could of canned but he didn't , and he could of called someone or took a bus but he didn't  but what he did do was choose to drive drunk and kill someone. So sit in jail and think about that.
One of the worst parts of coaching is situations like this. You no longer have control over the players that helped you succeed.  You cant help them and some coaches will feel like they didnt do enough to prepare their players for life after football.  Now, there are plenty of guys like Bobby Petrino.  They dont care about anybody other than themselves.  They are not invested in that player beyond the time they spend coaching him.  However, a lot of top coaches are more like Saban, Pete Carroll and Kirby Smart than the other type.  However, these are not infallible men just because they coach football at a high level.  Everyone is flawed.
I hope all you young people learn from this tragedy. Don't ever think that this can't happen to you because I bet that's what Henry Ruggs thought. He went from being a professional football player making millions of dollars 💸 to being a prison number. Be smart, call someone for a ride home.
There is no excuse for driving impaired or intoxicated. You know when you're feeling  buzzed. Here is what I think needs to happen. The person involved in a drunk driving death should have to go with police when they tell the family of the deceased their loved one has been killed in a car accident. Let them see first hand the damage they have caused. Watch the devastation and hesrtbreak. There is no excuse. None!!!
Spoken like a true gentleman.
I hate that they ask him this shit.
Don’t worry. Henry has very good lawyers and he won’t spend a day in jail. A very generous offer will be made to her family that will ease the pain of her burning to death trapped in the car as witnesses tried to free her.
Even tho I am an OU fan I have to admit Saban has a way with words.
Best coach ever right there
At 150 mph I hope he gets the full sentence of the law in this vehicular homocide. I seriously doubt the BLM movement will be there to support on this.
I pray for the families evolved but to see the comments its terrible cuz people are judging this young man like if they didn't have a fast car like ruggs  had they wouldn't put it to work it was just bad timing and everyone once in there life have driven impaired  so he made a mistake not taking sides but people make terrible mistakes sorry to both of the families and let god bless the dead and the ones that walk this earth
In essence, Ruggs too died in that accident. He will never be the same again. Same for his girlfriend.
What’s sad is he will get a slap on the wrist compared to the average person who would do this.
Damn i couldnt come up with a better answer if you locked me in a room for a month and told me to start writing.
It is so sad. So many lives ruined in a matter of seconds.
throw the book at the scumbag
There is blood on his hands
From an lsu fan , praying for everyone involved 🙏🏼
Well said coach. Can't believe this happened. Tell your loved ones you love them everyday because things can change in an instant. Prayers to the victims and to the Ruggs family.
Every tub must stand on its own bottom!
From a Georgia fan he spoke straight facts
Well said from an LSU fan
Play stupid games ..win stupid prizes. 🤦
💔💔💔
Ah, the typical useless thoughts and prayers...Such a convenient way to say that you're trying to help.
He doesn't deserve prayers just yet.. This was no 2 drink accident going the speed limit. He was lit and going over 150mph and was only able to slow down to 127 i believe it was before causing that young lady to flip many times over 150ft or so. He then didn't even comply with officers after knowing he killed someone. He's just a privlaged thug and until he changes, he doesn't deserve any sympathy.
Words chosen very very wisely.
Thoughts and prayers 🙄🙄🙄🙄
Yeah it’s not about football.  It’s about life.  Bad decisions come when your out at 330 in the morning.  I love ALABAMA and love Ruggs.  But you can’t disregard life so carelessly.
What can u say?😱
One night I thought I was good and crash in a tree 3am now I Uber
Why does he have a bottle of Coca Cola on the podium? That stuff is bad for your insides and rots your teeth. What kind of head coach puts a bottle of Coke on the podium? Someone needs to set him straight on Coca Cola besides me.
And people like you and your Alumni base pamper and cajole athletes like this, and it feeds their arrogance; only to make an excessive amount of money to get a possible slap on the wrist like Alec Baldwin.
Henry made a bad decision and thus the consequences of killing someone are devastating. Thoughts and prayers to the victims family.
A judge once told me nothing good happens at 3 in the morning. The judge an alcoholic himself and as hypocritical as he was, was also perfectly correct with that statement. It stuck with me.
Has much as i hate bama my respect goes up for coach saban
-1 Coaching Credits.
Man I know that was probably more tough to have to say than any game this mans played. I hated Ruggs on the field against me but I hate even more seeing his life and future and the vicitims life ruined like that. Call an Uber. Call lyft. Call a friend. Whatever you gotta do. If you can't then don't drink.
Bama thugs killing people
Thoughts and prayers to the MURDERER and his family! WTF! America is such a CUNTry!
I see the unqualified judges and jurors have came into the comments section to give their verdicts…..🙄 some of y’all urk the heck out of me. Prayers for the family of the decease And prayers for Henry and his family.
U can just tell he is so disappointed in him
My thoughts are not out to his family,  money train left the station go directly to jail
Well said Coach Saban
GOAT
Did Lebron James say it was ok for the police to arrest this criminal?
Is there a raiders player  reaction
Damn.... I hate this happened. Ruggs grew in my home town and went to my high school.
Henry Riggs should get the full hammer of the law for his monstrous action. May the victim rest in peace. That woman and her pet didn't deserve what happened to them.
Straight class
Take a Uber homie
Coach should have ended his comment with “what can I say?  You can’t fix stupid!”
support the killer good job coach smh
How hard is it to not get in the car and drive after a night of drinking? Sad that an innocent person had to pay with their life for some idiot's stupid choice.
But consequences should be hard not a slap on the wrist. He should be in jail minimum of 40 years
Saban is always great on messaging & his concern for his players.
BAC that was twice the legal limit and 156 miles per hour...clearly he had zero regard for his passenger and others on that particular roadway. When the evidence is finalized and he has his day in court, I can only hope he's put away for decades!!!!
all that money and you cant call a uber what in the world
He see. How he said ALLL! Y’all need to listen to that shiit!! All!!
Class
What he said was nothing special
Jeez, As an Auburn fan, I cant stand Alabama as a football team, but I cant help but love Nick Saban. He gets angry, he gets frustrated, but he has heart and he is a damn good coach.
Henry's mental health is probably going through it right now.   *Especially if you remember Henry's story of his friend dying in a bad accident with him inside*  Ya hate to see it all honestly...from the lives destroyed by his one bad choice to Henry himself, thoughts and prayers to all parties involved 🙏🏾.  Please everyone reading this, if you decide to drink a lot do not drive...your life as well as others will be hurt.
As an OU fan, I have come appreciate coach Saban for football reasons, but this is amazingly well said coach. I feel the same way. Thanks for your thoughtful response to this serious situation 🙏🏻
"Doing the right thing even when no one is watching"   Let that Simmer a little !!!!!!!!
The crazy thing is last year a girl I went to school with and her boyfriend both died from drunk driving coming back for a Bush party people if u are intoxicated please please make a phone call or just ask someone to pick u up and take u home every 52 minutes someone dies of drunk driving please please please be smart and just MAKE THE CALL it will save your life
Hate to see this happen to any player or person at that. Hopefully his life won't be ruined over a mistake! Will be praying for his recovery! As too the family effected, so sorry for your loss and hopefully you find it in your heart to forgive this young man for his mistake. May God bless and be with you all!!
No on should care about Ruggs' family.  PROSECUTE HIM TO THE FULLEST.
You can rise and you can fall
thoughts & prayers... thoughts & prayers.... thoughts & prayers.... means nothing
As a fellow UGA fan I mean I agree it not Nick Sabans fault he helped Ruggs get to where he got to today and Ruggs bad decision put him to this problem am saying it Ruggs fault ethier cause we all make mistakes..but rugg made a bad one and he has to face it prayer for the women family as same for Henry Family
You know,  one thing that has always confused me about DUI is people acting like the one under the influence should have made a decision, while under the influence, not to drive, or made better decisions while driving.  The whole point of DUI is that your judgment and reaction times are impaired.     No,  the lapse in judgment happened long before the actual DUI started.  Indeed, it started before the first of the mind altering substance was imbibed.  And that failure was not taking reasonable precautions to ensure one wouldn't have the opportunity to drive while under the influence.   Even as something as designating a certain number of what sororities used to call sober sisters would go a long way to protect one from the potential dangers of mind altering substances.  To further my point, would anyone be blaming the under the influence driver if that person had, for instance, had their(non alcoholic) drink spiked?  I imagine most wouldn't, and would instead blame the one who spiked the drink.  So, I'm not going to say anything about 120mph in residential area or anything like that, as if that makes it a worse case of DUI, because it really doesn't make it any worse than any other DUI case.  However, don't take the above as an apology or defense of Ruggs.  As far as I'm concerned, unless Ruggs can somehow demonstrate he did take reasonable precautions before imbibing to avoid driving after, then his behavior is like playing Russian Roulette, both with his own and other unwilling participants lives.  He just happened to find a loaded chamber, while many other DUI cases got lucky and landed on an empty chamber.  That is at least manslaughter, if not a lower degree murder.   Again, even something as simple as leaving the car and keys at home, or even having a trusted friend on hand who wasn't imbibing could have been the difference here, yet he seems to have taken no precautions.
With that speech Alabama just took over college football.
Goodell, if he’s not banned for life, u should get out of the league!
maybe Saban should start punishing his players more harshly for dui's. not just 2 game suspensions.
How do you support somebody for killing someone being and idiot??? Weird
I'm a Tennessee fan, but i really respect Saban. He always says the right thing at the right time.
Wow typical SEC player. A criminal
How can anyone feel awful for Henry Riggs iii ??? He’s still alive - this is so football 🏈
Nick always knows what to say
Henry Ruggs isn't a victim. Bury is dumbass under the prison. Why anyone would feel sorry for him is beyond me. Bammer nation should be ashamed of themselves.
Amen Coach. They need to heed your words, their young, but it's dangerous out there. God bless Coach Saban.
This was about 3:30 a.m.  Nothing good happens when you're out at that time of night.
15 minutes destroyed the lives of so many...
DUI homicide dodge - thoughts and prayers thoughts and prayers thoughts and prayers
One word: Uber
I have no sympathy for the perpetrator of this horrible crime.  I want him to go to the morgue and meet the young woman that he killed.  He can tell her that he is sorry.
I guess Ruggs new career after prison time is clean RUGs industry.
We feel so bad for Ruggs
Her nane is Tina Tintor! She was burned alive!
Praying for the victim in their family and I hope henry rugs after he does his consequences can get help but this is the Tragic situation
Oh no cancel him. Somebody can say the wrong thing and get canceled but you can kill someone and we should feel bad for the person. He was drunk driving 150 miles an hour in a residential area. He should have the same fate as the person he killed.
I know we all make mad decisions in life' but this is beyond bad
Solution  Band cars or band alcohol' good luck with that?
As  a UGA Fan... let me say this... DO NOT put this on Coach Saban. That's  not fair.... his job is to win  AND along the way he's  helped young  men to be successful  in Today's society...
"Thoughts and prayers are with Henry and his family." WTF did I miss? A young knucklehead is speeding 156mph, driving drunk, smashes his vehicle into the back of another. Young woman attempts to get out but her seatbelt is jammed. She and her dog die in an inferno. Burned alive. First of all, let us stop with the "Thoughts and prayers." That is a well worn phrase used in every tragedy. It has no meaning. It is what is expected to be said. Ruggs was too young & stupid to appreciate life. Hopefully, he will become destitute when he rots in prison. I do hope it is the Max. Please, no "Thoughts and prayers" for Henry. Insulting.
Are they going to call it a double murder since police consider dogs humans too or are they going to release them even though the young lady suffered major injuries and burned to death worst possible pain but according to these idiots it was an accident? Plain murder and not caring how do prayers give this young lady her life back I’m sure these idiots don’t pray while drinking….
Exactly how I knew Saban would feel.
A Trajedy !
It don't matter what happens in this world people are going to still drink and drive no matter what they are still going to do it. I don't care who get a DUI people are still going to drink and drive I bet you a million dollars.
A 23 year old woman burned to death in her car bc he decided to drive into the back of her drunk going 156 mph. Sorry theres not much sympathy for mr ruggs
I also have thoughts on Henry. You wouldn't want to hear them
He was going 150 mph and killed the woman and her dog
From a gator fan. Amazing words coach couldn't of said it better than myself
This is something that people can learn from……YES it is but they don’t. I lost five classmates back in 1983 due to drunk driving. It never ends. Why do we need alcohol anyway?
Most of these athletes really think their invincible Until Reality Check kicks them in the face.
Great Coach!!! No Wonder why they keep winning chips unlike Dabo IsWhiny!!
Reporter, "What do you think of Henry Ruggs drunk driving incident?" Saban, "Henry who?"
A PREMEDITATED   D R U N K   MURDERER should PAY with his life !!!!!! B U T , some FAINT HEARTED JURY, and a LILY LIVERED JUDGE will give him a slap on the wrist and let him evade a JUST SENTENCE. . HOW about those he KILLED ?  AND their families. ????? Where is THEIR JUSTICE.????
I read the title as: Nick Saban facing felony charges for DUI resulting in death
😔 You can literally see the disappointment in Saban's eyes...
Stop down playing this situation like Ruggs is the victim. He had a choice, Tina did not. This is 1000% on Ruggs and his thuggish Ruggish mindset. Having 20 drinks, getting in a corvette and doing almost 200 MPH in a residential neighborhood. With a loaded weapon to boot. TF you thinking dude. Come on man.
Great response from Coach Saban...
Current generation will never really learn from what happened in the past. There will always be people that think certain things can never really repeat themselves or could happen to them. I am sure that this will definitely serve as a lesson only for the current gen. Then, 10-20 years from today, something like this will happen again because the next generation will have absorbed the same ignorant mentality.
Well said
You can take the brother out of the hood but can't take the hood out of the brother
Why is a reporter even asking him this question?
Bet Nick aint  giving Henry no money tho, when he got millions in the bank
No prayers for Henry “The Maniac” Ruggs! Prayers for the victim and her family! No sympathy for people Henry Ruggs..he deserves what’s coming to him..jail time and banned from NFL.
and make sure you never coach the dolphins!
This press conference brought to you by Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola, because I've been living under a rock and have no idea what that is.
Very well said, Coach. Just an awful situation all around.
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Well said coach
Amazing speech by the best during this tough time
Thanks Nick
