It's so unfortunate this boat did not work out for you.  I can only imagine the frustration, especially after seeing how excited you were earlier on.
This is so interesting in retrospect
Why are the motors so loud ?
Idk, if there's any screen that is made for marine environment. But what could work is some kind of quick mount system so you can move the screen around, and store it when not in use. Then just install some attachment points in the boat where you want them. This would limit degradation to the canvas to minimum, which would be critical for good picture.
Yachting is shit. I'm getting a submarine😂
Yep, like so many folks below, am interested in why the choice of Marshal Islands registration
So you have a captain? It seems like you are sailing on your own. No big deal but if you have a captain, shout out to him/her!
Thank You Niki and Jason!  You let us feel like we are sharing the adventure with you!
Some rich kids owning their 2million boat. Try a Philippino banka instead
We have been watching you guys for years. We are now full time RVers and soon to be tow behind boaters. Definitely want to know more about the flags and changing them out. You guys have been so educational on every level. Thank you! We will be ordering the Cargo bikes, water system and more. Eventual we will be patrons. Thanks also for making amazing quality videos. We know how much hard work it is, and we are choosing not to do it... lol We currently live in Michigan and have tours Texas in the Winter. That's awesome you met someone from Michigan in China.
Since not all the lines goes to the one helm, is this boat easy to single had sail?
Vaya! enhorabuena, capítulos atrás pensé que habíais tirado la toalla, ahora veo que estaba equivocado. Es un hermoso barco. Por cierto, el te.a de la pesca como lo llevais?
Beautiful boat and great channel. Absolutely love it. Interesting that everyone migrates to standing up steering with their feet……essentially a bulkhead steering position.
Just checked my history and i'm 23 straight videos in 😮 no idea how i got here 😊
Bikini 👙   For the algorithms! 😋
Been watching your videos. Just curious how much was your catamaran .
Do they wear sunscreen all the time? How to prevent skin damage?
Nobody steps into PH land without drinking Red Horse hahaha
I just came across your channel and have been looking at some of the earlier videos. I did have a question. As a non-boat person hope it is not stupid. But how,do,you secure the boat while onshore shopping and what about piracy that we see in the headlines?  Sorry if they are silly 	questions.
Why did you choose the Philippines for your maiden voyage?
You're going to regret having that toy like dinghy
Your boat is a dream. I would love to own one too.. I don’t mind not having a house lol
Take a look at the Viewsonic M series Pocket Cinema,  I have the M1 and it is amazing for a small projector, and it is small enough to just slip into a ZipLock bag when not in use to protect it from the elements.
Man y'all are living the freakin life!!
how do you put on the sheets?
sitting here laughing....nikki worried about where to see the tv when they are on the trip of a lifetime.....
I love how you guys impart information.....thanks...
glad you guys are back.......oh and .....how much was the new boat?
naturally when your moored...the wind is great........
hurray....
You guys inspire sailors everywhere! Love the channel
This Boat is so nice ! Love it !
I highly recommend the mini nebula capsule. It’s in a tough metal case. It’s small (pop can size) and I’ve taken it all over the world with me. Has all the streaming apps on it. You don’t need a screen for it if you have a light or white background. You can adjust screen size from iPad size to 100 inch screen. Great quality picture and decent sound. I bought a jbl flip to go with it if you like that bass. I did get a roll down screen from Amazon that you can mount anywhere or you can use a bed sheet. It mounts to a tripod or you can put on a surface with a rubber drink holder.
Ive been to Subic many times the people in the Philippines are extremely nice.
Since HH, dont know how, I met you! You are stunning! The cat is gorgeous! Îs probably late but, în my experince, the best place to have a screen is where its less affected by the wind! Ând so forth water, etc. Hope to meet you somewhere, sometime on the water, in the Bright Future That Awaits Us! Fair Winds. and Mild Sun!
So, does it feel good?   Lol. And Yeah, I'm real curious about why the Marshall Islands was the right place to register
I have been the owner of so many projectors. My favourite is the Dangbei Atom. It's bright, has all the apps, can run a VPN, and being a laser projector you can use it in some ambient light too. It does all the focusing and picture adjustments all on its own. The Epson Duet screens are portable and pack up small.
Congradulations on your new boat, its refreshing to see nothing in your attitudes changed! Your a great couple that i enjoy watching. Another couple building a motor yacht changed in my opinion, the wife acts real  too good now, so you guys are great
we are getting ready to sail why do you need a stamp and how do you go about getting it. we purchased our boat in CA and want to take it through the Panama Canal into the Caribbean
Yes for Marshall Islands. So happy the HH Is working out!
The Wynns are so cool.
Why the Marshall Islands. Why not Poland or Malaysia (Langkawi)? Or others?
you are such a cute couple - regards from Israel
Check out the zipper bedding like Beddy’s. I love them in my RV where there is not enough room to tuck in the sheets.
Great..,. please keep videos coming..... Question:  I have heard of a lot of piracy of sailboats sailing in that area, how do you do it and what kind of security is there to protect yourself?
I have to ask are you afraid of the tender being stolen? That would always be on my mind lol
Thank you.  I know it was a dumb question but thank you
I love watching you guys.  I have a question when you’re selling across the ocean the summon always have to be stirring the boat or can you anchor or how’s that work?
awesome
The Anker Nebula projectors are the best options if you want a projector you can use on the beach, they've got batteries and internal memory space for movies. Not super high end but the high end ones that are portable are ridiculously expensive.
So happy to hear you've been here! Long time Filipina fan here! Good winds and safe travels always!
Yahoos
I love the presentations of your new home and can't stop smiling.  Have you also collected information about your investment in the building?
Another great video! Having a team of people on board with you to perform a proper commissioning and checkout is always nice. Was really "apparently" nice about the team is that everyone seem to get along great and that makes the experience even better. Right now I am green with envy seeing folks on the boat sailing. Keep up the great videos and I will be trying to watch all of them.
17:45 Does the hydro generator slow down the boat significantly? Is feathering the propellor a possible option for the hydro generator? My understanding is that the auto-feathering option will kill the hydro generation ability.
I cant help bit feel like you guys are really fake. I've only watched a handful of videos. I'm not sending negative criticism. I'm just saying something feels unreal.
Thank you for putting together such a brilliant and positive video during such a tumultuous time in your lives, taking possession of the boat, first passage, etc, etc. You two are sooo inspirational, and we will be with you on all your future travels, thank you. Love from Queensland, Australia, and blessings to you both, and Curiosity 2.0
think about this idea: if you make overhead, installable surfaces in the Workshop, technically you will get another bedroom there. temporary, not as comfortable as usual, but much more comfortable in comparison with the upper "sleeping" places or even "external" ones
Your helm stations look like add ons. Instead of being integrated into the deck structure. Not sure I like that.
WOW! Your first port of call shall I called it is Philippines! Nice.
I'd be interested in why you register in the Marshal Islands. I'd also like to know about boat insurance for when you're out at sea rather than along the coast.
This is the Whitest thing I've ever watched.
Welcome to Philippines, enjoy ur stay
I am now calling the national anthem, our country’s “theme song.” Thanks, Nikki. 😂❤
What an amazing boat you have. I've heard that the South China sea can be quite dangerous, I'm so glad you made it without any issues.
It looks like your thumbnail now adorns the HH 44 website
Marshall Islands registration is considered to be a "flag of convenience" as maritime vessels register there for its favourable tax environment and more operational freedom.
Man, I have a house in Subic, but I've been in the states for most of the past year. Would have been cool to see the new boat in person, even at a distance.
She’s beautiful. Yes would love video regarding why register boat with Marshall Islands
Yes!  Why did you choose the Marshal islands??  I need to know for my fantasy boat.
Welcome to the Philippines 🎉 Enjoy your stay ❤❤❤
Hello i been watching your vlog since your in a rv and im from the Philippines ... just wondering if you guys still around? Anyways enjoy
Thank you for visiting our country❤️ I wish I can go to Subic and meet you but my home is 5hrs away. Enjoy your stay in our country😊 Try to visit the island of Palawan😊
Head to Palau and Yap for a peak at unique lifestyle
I’m very happy for you. What a beautiful and intelligently arranged vessel. I know how much these HH cost and I’m glad you’ve been able to put it within your reach. I appreciate that you allow us to continue to live vicariously through your adventures.
Very happy for you two. Such a long road to this point. (long but exciting)
The helm on curiosity 1 seemed so snug and dry in foul weather with your side curtains. This helm looks so exposed, not even enough shade from the sun much less wind driven rain. I’ll keep watching to see how things develop. I no longer sail so your show takes me out on the water again. Thank you!
Crazy y’all haven’t been in a swimsuit in like 2 years
I recommend XGIMI projector on a tripod with a pop-up screen. Perhaps a magnetic screen?
my wife is from the fils and i travel there often. it is fantastic but you can get in trouble there in a hurry if you are careless.
I lived in a sailboat for 7 years.  Sailing ⛵️ is amazing adventure 🎉
Are you both ok not seen you for 12 days hope you both are fine and the boat.
Safe sailings!!
One question I'm concerned with, hopefully HH xan help answer. Another channel, The Barefoot Doctors, had a Leapord 50 that caught fire and burned extremely quickly. Within minutes the entire boat was completely engulfed in flames and sunk within 15 minutes.  I know carbon fiber has a higher flash point than fiberglass and has the capacity to self extinguish once the flames are out. However, as long as there are flames it can burn.  We're seeing multiple stories of electric cars, phones, items with lithium batteries spontaneously combusting for no apparent reason. What has HH done to mitigate the chances of your lithium packs catching fire and if they do while you're days from land, will the boat, or more importantly, the occupants, survive and be able to limp to safety?
BTW-is your mom still Van Lifing?  Great video you two and clearly you are now so ready to do great sails and new adventures. Exciting!!
Awesome boat guys - congrats! So keen to see how she goes.
Bikini, Marshall Islands
Red horse is a great beer. Just dont drink to many and you’ll get at serious headache😂
You found the power of Red Horse!
This video was an absolute joy to watch! We're so glad you guys had such a beautiful and enjoyable cruise across the South China Sea and are getting the time to settle into your new home. You guys earned this, and we're so glad you're taking time for yourselves, mentally and physically, to get into some great routines. Cheers yall! 🎉🥂⛵
Good sailin' Jason & Nikki., Welcome to the Philippines!!! Been following you in YT. Congrats with your new Catamaran. Consider sailing to Cebu City. Thank you for  sharing your adventure.
I've been searching - but maybe quicker to just ask and somebody that knows for sure can answer - what size OC tender did they end up getting ???
yes
Exciting for both of you to be finally on the deep blue, wishing you well with your future plans, Video projector suggestion, JIFAR, Asin B085TDV9DW, Model H6, well priced with most of the features you'll need.
Can you update New one in 2024 that will be nice seeing new
with a woman like that you can do anything.
if you don't mind me asking, how much does a boat like that cost? its always been my dream
Jason and Nikki, the new boat looks really nice. Thanks for sharing. Much Blessings to you. 🙏 Lord-Jesus-Christ ✝c✝o✝m
hope they are taking sailing lessons
My preference for the helm stations would be much higher elevated , enclosable one similar to Zatara's helm with same sort of bench seat with backrest. Yours lacks UV sun protection, poor bad weather protection, and no heating option either in cold climates or cold rainstorms. In short, you will age aggressively and 10 years from now you will look 20 years older. Fix it on your next boat !!!!
Hi guys. Been following you for ages! We are about to start our own cruising voyage and yes, I would like to hear about why you chose the Marshal Islands. Our boat cost will be quite a bit less than yours but our itinerary is similar. Im thinking Delaware.
Lovely episode, so informative, you both seem very happy to finally get a chance to enjoy each other and sail again. Thanks!
Welcome to my country. I hope discovers some good places to hangout.
pls do the clip vdo  every trip every week   very happy to see u
both helm stations appear to be exposed to the elements so how do you deal with it in case of a extreme weather? can it be closed and heated/cooled?
Very interested in the bikini and Marshal Islands! 😅. A video on your reasons would be awesome
Welcome to the philippines..i been ur follower sense 2021..🇵🇭
Yes please share why you chose to register in Bikini. Thank you. Best of luck
You know green is traditionally a very unlucky colour for a boat? The colour of pirates and thieves. Invisible with any sea running, prone to collisions.
I feel so excited as you guys look. You are DOING IT! Whoop whoop
the pro con list of where you registered your boat. that would be a great video! thank you again for an amazing Chanel!
Will be great to hear about why and how you registered in Marshall’s islands but also about getting insurance for the sailing you do.  Thanks.
What's going on with your Starlink? Why is it on Marine type and not integrated into the boat?
I am interested in the differing props you talk about. What makes a good regen prop compared to a motoring prop. What brand of prop are you using.
AVS FORUM is the _best_ place online for the wonderful (Confusing.) world of Home Cinema. From home made speakers to save you Big $, to free advice from Professional Audio Engineers, to admiring _amazing_ Budget Builds, to panicked laughing at Million Dollar Plus spread sheets!   Best of luck!
Why the choice of Bikini for registration?
Good Job, thank you for the Tour! Cool ideas, and something to think about. The Space on a Vessel is so precious!  Enjoy, learning your Vessel and al the cool things it offers! God Bless, be Vigilant~!
Can someone explain how stupid people are rich?
Oh noooo. Have to wait another week for a new episode
I've been following you both and being a Patreon for over 5yrs. I'm really happy for you both and I can't wait to see all the new adventures that you bring us. The boat looks amazing, and it will make your life at sea much more comfortable. I really wish you both all the very best on your new adventures.
Like so many others, I'm very proud of you two :)  I really love how you've handled the transition, and how you've brought HH to us all.  Other channels have launches and only focus on drama, while you both make it look easy and effortless when we all know it isn't.  Kudos to you, and I can't wait to see where you go and what you do with the new Curiosity.  Respect.
Bikinis👙👙👙👙
Red Horse beer is named after US Air Force combat engineering squadrons that got started in Vietnam. The beer was produced in the Philippines. I served in RED HORSE units for 11 of my 30 years in the Air Force. Love that Red Horse beer
Missed you this week so I rewatched this video and it is just as exciting the 2nd time.
love  dishwashers and bikinis
more you tube videos pleae
Just dropping a note to say I’m interested in Bikini registration.
I'm sure a few of the old style pull down roller blinds of various sizes could come in handy for projection screens. Good recoil springs.  Stow away nicely.  Effective, versatile and Cheap.
Please share your reason for your flag choice with everyone
Uh oh, another delay… ?
Like your glasses where to get them?
I’m happy you all get a break because you work very hard I think selling is very hard work people don’t know that! Most people think oh it’s it’s a breeze but then you have to you have to analyse and use your muscles for a lot of the things!  Enjoy your week off I look forward to your channel every Sunday it’s colour highlights my week . Are you having a week off because it’s no video?
I am curious. Did you put the lightning protection device on this new boat?
Projector Thoughts: Techmoan showed off an Ultra Short Throw projector years ago (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55la7bJhd04), that would likely fit your needs.  Whilst his was set low in front of the screen looking up, I believe these can be set above a pull down screen and configured to aim down to it.  This allows for ceiling mount inches in front of the screen.  I would opt for a manual pull down projector screen, but regardless, please give thought to how you will secure the bottom of the screen while viewing content on it.  Wind can cause it to wave or flap, and that is bad with any projector but amplified on the short throw projectors.  So when opting for screen location, when it is deployed, it is a good idea to have a way to bungee down the corners so there is little flex.  One note Techmoan correctly mentions, projectors do have a fair bit of fan noise and the placement next to the screen is ideal as legacy projectors would be near or behind your head making the fan noise much more noticeable.  I have enjoyed following you for several years and was over the moon with your decision to go electric on the launch and the main ship!  Keep sharing your regen KW numbers when sailing on open waters, I was thinking in some way that feature could almost act as a drogue drag when conditions dictate?
Now do a sundowner!
Congratulations on the new boat. Best wishes and safe sailing.
Desperately want to own a boat and watching you guy's is crazy fun... Yes please do a show about why Marshall Islands registry?! Not Texas?
We'll ask again on those Helms after you've sailed through your first rain storm 😬
Be great to hear more on Marshall Islands registration reasoning and maybe other registration Countries you considered too thanks.
does the regen work at anker with a tide going in /out ? There must be a little  well happy for you both  😊 bikini  atoll nuk testing they blow the crap out of it😢
Did you get a big fan for mary nikki !!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂 ❤❤❤❤😊
Your helms look like they would be very exposed in bad weather. How are you protected, or can you operate from the salon?
Very curious about Bikini vs anywhere else
You have an ELECTRIC DINGY!?  That is SO COOL!!!  I have so many questions.  What does it weigh, How does it plug in, How much battery life?
If they are able to eke out a bit at slow speeds, does that mean you could use it to generate power while anchored if there's any amount of current? Thinking tidal generator style.
Welcome back to Curiosity!!! Looking so forward to your sailing adventures! Though I did enjoy your other videos with your aunt and family in those campers!! Quick question: how is the helm in bad weather? It looks exposed to the elements. I see you can move the wheel to the center from either side, but I don’t see much protection. Also why Bikini? Again so looking forward to watching your adventures.
At that level of sail purchase, how can they even have non-UV protected sail bags?
Sooo happy for you both I've been watching for 4 years now and I'm all caught up on the past videos you have come so far I started watching during a difficult time in my life and you have just gotten me through it by enjoying your posts so this feels sweet for me as well because you have a special place in my life getting through the loss of a husband and your videos have allowed me to just forget about things for a short time each week and to see you in the new boat makes me so happy 😊
Background on Bikini, Marshall Islands would be interesting to hear about.  Jason, how is the dishwasher working for you?  Signed...Team Jason
Perfect 🙂
Dearest Nikki & Jason, I’m sitting here on the Eve of my 55th Birthday, watching your video for the second time & I’m crying tears of joy for you’s. Your Sailboat like you’s is truly Amazing. Keep winning Wynns  Thank you so much 💚💚💚 💙💙💙
Boatbuilder of 52 years, allways make mattresses at least 50mm smaller to allow for sheets and doona
I would love to hear about why you registered in the Marshals
Tell us about Bikini Isand!
I have done a lot of research on projectors and projector screens, because contrast really affects the picture quality, and you will not be in a pitch black theater - PLEASE be sure to get a dark grey projector screen with a bright projector. It's the best combination for imperfect environments (anything other than a pitch black room).
Congratulations you two. Looks like you picked and amazing boat and build team. It is absolutely beautiful. Safe sailing. <3
Hopefully staying away from sabah and those areas.. not concerned about piracy?
Would love to hear more on the issue of Flags/Marshall's registry/ etc.  OIn the matter of screens etc......do you HAVE to have a projector setup?  There are some flat panels available that are weather resistant and can be mounted to hinge up and down as needed (up and out of the way unless watching).  Love your videos and am hoping the best for you guys in your new digs.
if you guys are going to dock here in manila philippines, i would love to give you guys a tour here and I will be also your personal driver FOR FREE 😊
Minute 14:40…. Great place for Nikki’s sunglasses shop!  The people want Nikki’s shades!
No option of a clean white sheet?
Bikini Marshall Island video.
Security !
I am so happy for you.  Yes, movie night.  Niki I love you new hat with the ears.
Diesel is diesel.  Imagine the odor in the cabin, after you just fixed some fuel leakage.  However, keeping the engine clean 🫧 is a good habit.  Generally, the boat looks wonderful.
bikini registering details. please. Love your boat and wish you all the best with it.
Fabulous boat!! It makes our 34' monohull seem tiny, especially as we live on board for 3 months every summer. did i hear right that your maximum speed under power is 5 knots?! In rough seas that would drop to zero. I'm hoping that optimised props could increase that?
Your documentation of the build process has been great.  Thanks for sharing.  We've been through it once and I swore I would never do it again.  It was very interesting to see how it went with a Chinese builder.  Seemed pretty solid, long but solid.  One question from this video - is it true the prop pitch is reduced down so your top motoring speed if 5 kts?  Is that the trade off to have the re-gen driven through the shafts?  Any other info you can share on that?  Thanks and hope to see you out on the water some day.
FINALLY, congrats  I'm interested in knowing, does the electric re-gen slow the boat down?
So beautiful and wonderful
Welcome to the Philippines🎉🎉🎉
Another South African onboard 😊
Please drop the video on Registering in Marshall! Would love to hear the deets.❤Tks for great content
I don’t know much about boats, but she sure is beautiful, love the color!
Glad to see you both enjoying your new boat and it looks beautiful.  My only thought is that Curiosity1 had a removable all weather canopy to the rear which gave you a lot of protection in inclement weather. Are you going to get something similar for the new boat to keep that rear end protected in bad weather?
Thank you so much And enjoy !
We will never say no for Jason to show us how things work. Bc we get more bang for are buck with Jason doing extra work.  If Jason is working on that video, he has less to stress about bc he's keeping his mind fresh. You can thank us for exercising your brain parts so you don't get alzheimer's when you get old. Your mind will be fresh as daisy's. ..... 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I was having trouble spelling alzheimer's had to ask Google to spell it... OMG i need some brain health! Love from Missouri, Chris
Try San Miguel beer.  One of the world's best.
Thanks for another great video. PS you finally convinced me to switch to SurfShark. Also: I'm a new Patreon pal.
So cool! This is awesome.
Love, Love, Love the new boat!  I also love having just the two of you on board again. It's so much more relaxed with just the two of you. I always look forward to your adventures.
Bikini and Marshal Island, yes
❤ Home sailor again.  Good patience
Love matching your shirt with the boat! Incredible color all around
Great to see you guys back on your feet again. I bet it feels really good. Lol.👍
I’m so glad you’re back on the boat!!! We started watching when you were boat shopping in Florida. We look so forward to your new adventure! ❤
*Drop Down Screens * I’m not sure whether this is of any use, but check out what Newell is doing with their rv’s. I think it’s game changing being able to view it on both sides and also use the screen as a blind. ❤4U2 🥰  P.S. I’m not gonna lie, I miss watching you RVing from way back (collab with the best in the rv business? 🤔🤑). Thanks for the fond memories guys. 🤗
Hi Guys. Great Stuff. Good positive vibes, we (family of 4 living on board) love your work!  So we are in NZ just about to register our boat. Have considered Australian, NZ and Polish   CURIOUS (ITY) about BIKINI? I need to be registered by Late April. Please enlighten us...Also i think its so cool having BIKINI as your home port, especially with that surf green (Fender Telecaster) boat of yours!
Congrats guys,, you deserve it 👍
Okay, I have my tea and box of tissue's ready because I'm going to do some brown nosing - which is NOT typical of me. I want to thank you both for documenting your adventures and posting them here for our enjoyment.  With all the craziness going on in the world, financially, politically, emotionally, it's very nice to come to the Wynn's and be reminded just how beautiful our planet is and how wonderful the people WHO AREN'T RUNNING THINGS truly are.  Unlike all the politicians who are working hard to break everything. This is my zen channel and I'm grateful for it and I just wanted to give a BIG THANK YOU to Nikki and Jason for providing that little bit of sanity and reminding us how beautiful a planet we live on.
More bikinis please.
Please explain the bikinis😂
Safe and happy sails🎉
Why the Marshall Islands?
you should see the movie called 'The Holdovers'. a wonderful movie
I talk about you guys at work and to my family like you both lived just down the street, I went to work and said the Wynn's finally got to get on to their boat and everyone was like the who lol. I showed them the video and they absolutely loved it, I absolutely love to see the both of you smiling on your own boat and so relaxed. Many happy vibes and prayers your way for many, many more years of sailing and adventures,!
Try Pork bbq skewer
Carbon work on the helm leaves something to be desired...
What are the black things behind you when you were sitting on the outside couch.  Looked like maybe something to cushion the Davit arms?
Congratulations you two! And Jason, the "I Love You" tap at 6:04 you gave to Nikki was priceless. :) I do the same thing to my wife of 34 years!
Congratulations guys , you made it ! You should be very proud of yourself !  Fair winds and following seas
We are 70 and landlords. We love to see folks and wondered why you didn't show some of the crossing? Did your patrons see more sailing?
I am way behind on episodes and just saw the dishwasher.  I wanted to give you the name if it’s not too late.  Suds Mackenzie. Hope you love it.
RE UV sail protected bag.....its a SAIL...a sail is designed for sun exposure for years...u leaving it out rolled up in a bag for even a few MONTHS isnt going to affect that 1% that is exposed in clear bag...need to chill or your going to have a nervous breakdown..maybe just rub some sunscreen on bag and call it a day....focus on big picture...
Can't believe you are back on the water, it has been a long wait for you. It's going to take a while to adjust to the new Curiousity for me as well. Hope all goes well, or should I say 'rip a sail'. The movie screen sounds perfect and will be so worth it, and hopefully you'll have it soon. Looking forward to seeing you on the move again.
While I like seeing all the solar and hybrid electric, it seems like a rather complex boat focusing on land lubber amenities and not blue water sailing. It will be interesting to see how long boats like this with lots of heavily integrated electronics last, considering how many electronic marine products have 1-3 year warranties.
Great to see you guys back on the water properly. It’s been awhile. 👍 John & Sandra, SV Knot So Bad
Can you enclose the outdoor living area? You had great protection on Curiosity 1.
Great registry and would love to see a video as to your “whys.” I did a video with our favorite maritime attorney, but purposely avoided this topic so you could cover it! :)
welcome to Philippines Guys. havefun amd enjoy!!
Nebula is a great projector you could bring ANYWHERE and even into the beach for some sun downers. No recommendation for screens though sorry!
Didn't you guys have a Leopard for a short while? Didn't notice any critical comment on that boat. Seems it doesn't matter what the production boat builders serve up as  a finished, safe to use, value for money product, you guys are in no way affect or concerned.
How is starlink working?
You spoke to having a place to sit at the helm... can you be at the helm and out of the weather with proper control?
I'll add to the folks who'd love to see the video on why you chose to register/document in the Marshall Islands, rather than US Documentation.
Yes, would like to hear about the why the registration of the boat with Bikini Marshal Islands. Congratulations on the new boat/home. She’s a beauty.
How much is this boat?
Forgive my complete naivety, but what is a boat stamp?
Short throw laser projector with a lightweight superbright screen. The short throw projector can be ceiling mounted so that the screen and projector hang right next to each other. Otherwise a portable screen, a portable projector and portable speaker will allow you to set up 60inch home theater like setup anywhere you want like beaches, cliffs, caves. Thank you for bringing ocean world to a land lubber like me.
I can't believe you opened with "8 years of sailing"!  I've been watching you guys since just  before you did the composting toilet video in the Class A RV. Wow. Time flies.   Video screens - I've seen a bunch of neat solutions and by far, these guys have the most creative one I've ever seen. Skip ahead in this video to about 17:20 - https://youtu.be/fM-CXA6dtrk?si=zgmLW6gz9HVkT6nr
Agree - would be nice if you can cover A. Registration for the boat B. Insurance cost C. Any cost associated with sailing/cruising/docking etc permits for rooming arround.
Big congratulations! So happy for you both!
Jason, do the video on registering in bikini while wearing a bikini!
WELCOME in the PHILIPPINES🇵🇭
A for a projector screen, a frosted plexiglass works fine, and you can see the movie from either side (one is reversed of course).
thanks guys for visiting my beloved country
SO awesome to see you guys back in your natural habitat, loving the boat and from what the videos show she seems to sail well. I would love to heart about Bikini-Marshall Islands!!
Enjoyed your video so much…love watching your videos and learning about your new Gorgeous boat! Time to relax and take care of yourself…get back to your routine. Thank you so much for sharing and looking forward to the boat tour video😊
Thank you for taking us all on this boat building journey with you :)
Thanks for sharing! We are HH4421. I’m curious about the Davit VO to accommodate the zero jet. Can you explain?
Jason, you guys are role models for sailors and Boaties so please put your "dead man's" lanyard around your wrist when you're out in your dinghy. 👍🏼👍🏼 Love watching your videos Ian (Australian Volunteer Coast Guard Rescue Coxswain)
When Nikki was doing the helm reviews.  I'm still curious about long passages, and you  run into foul weather ,wind, rain, and heavy seas spray. Are you able to totally enclose yourself from the weather?
So happy for you both and so looking forward to sharing your future destinations ❤
I'm interested in a video about why the Bikini. I'm hoping in some way it helps those that America have harmed or help remove the toxic waste.
lol you two must be millionaires
Hey guys Following you regularly since just after you sold your previous boat. I must say if I had my life over again I would be doing your life for sure. I have also checked out a number of other channels that have just splashed their new boats. Your boat is what I would consider for a world cruiser. I just love the the whole look of the interior and exterior - its a lot of volume for 2 people! The people at HH look to be very able at what they build. My congrats for your next adventures I am here for the long haul
Those universal power plug adaptors you guys are using on the Starlink are very prone to corrosion and they will trip breakers. They are great, I use them all the time but beware!
Amazing! Happy tears for you guys, just like your mum Jason 😂.
laser projector. They offer up to 20,000 hours of vibrant performance without the need for bulb replacements.bright 5000 lumens
I miss your yellow and white sail!
Red Horse is a strong beer .. I limit myself to 2 whenever I visit Manilla 😂
Can't believe it's been so long since you have had a boat!  Can't wait for the new adventures!
Been watching since the RV days.  So happy and excited for you.  Happy boating.
I would be interested in learning why you registered in the Marshall Islands
I think the best projector for you guys is the Samsung Freestyle, it self aligns to te surface you point it or if the surface you place it is not level it autocorrected the image.  And I think, I'm not sure, that you can like mix and have 2 at the same time and have a bigger screen (for 1 the biggest is 100").  Love you guys, have followed you and several other sailing channels for a while since your beginnings, congratulations on the new boat, will have to wait for the boat tour.   Greetings from México!
Guys you helped me and my family get through Covid, seeing you back on the water …. Is a very special moment , thank you for your coragous adventure spirit !
Yikes... did ya hear about the recent retired couple that disappeared from their Catamaran when three escaped prison convicts boarded their boat... and the husband and wife are feared thrown overboard and presumed dead. Just 'that' crossed my mind several times being anchored out somewhere and for lack of better words 'pirates' board you yacht and well... who knows.
cozy, panoramic, swift. 🏅
One  of the few youtubers  that actually  read comments...
do you have airconditioning?
600k subs this year
It’s good to hear. See you all. Sorry I missed you when you were in Arkansas. I am Roger Pitchford. I married Susan Balentine. She would’ve been Jr’s niece. It’s exciting to see your trip. Where is your next NEXT destination?
Congratulations, guys just wondering what's up with the phone SIM card. I thought you had Starlink ?
Glad yall are back on the road again!
Congratulations on finally sailing in your new curiosity! Nice you guys are in my home country, hope you enjoy your stay!
😀👍👍👍❤
I’ve never been a boat person either but you’ve opened my eyes to a life that is totally interesting. You probably are scratching your head and going we didn’t expect that. But I love your content keep the good work
The Nebula Projector is Amazing. Really portable and sturdy and great quality.
Great video you two. I'm not quite as excited as you two because I'm not actually on the boat! 😅 But your videos are really interesting. I do have one question for you though - what happens with trash when you're on a sea leg or you're moored for a period of time?
definitely interested in the benefits of registering in the Marshal Islands. tks!
Bikini registration - Why? :)
Welcome home! Your joy is infectious. So very "over the moon" happy for you two. You've been creating consistently top notch videos since your RV days. I can't imagine how much time and planning go into each and every episode. I sincerely hope some of your down time is electronic free! Thank you for continuing to inspire my own sailing adventures. 🙏💙
GORGEOUS, beautiful boat.... with so much room :) So happy for you.  Interestingly your new boat delivery seemed the most seamless of all the You Tube channels I seem to follow.  So fingers crossed that there's a continuation of that good luck.  Enjoy your new home.. and stay safe... todays sailing waters don't hold the security they once did.
I was very curious... about why Bikini. Especially since the last one was Texas. Such a sweet boat though, and I can't wait to see more! Congratulations 🎉
Pardon my ignorance, but what is a "boat stamp"?
Would love to see your video on the registration. Taking delivery of our new boat in just over a year.
You should meet with Finn Snow who is also Youtube content creator. I think he is based in Negros Oriental island. He also has a sailboat that he recently acquired. You should do diving with him in Dauin. Best place in the world for diving.
Lol my smart boat 📽️ arrived a couple days ago 😎😋🤣
I’m definitely interested in hearing the back story of the boat registration in Bikini.
“Whatever’s local”.  Answer: Balut
The wrapped sails on the bow keep making me think y’all have some bodies to dump at sea 😂
Hi i was wondering how the current situations are affecting you next adventures. I love you videos ❤
So refreshing to hear your first experiences on Curiosity, unlike Nick and Terysa on Ruby Rose 2.  I bet they wished they had gone with HH.
It’s so great that you guys are happy with your boat. To wait that long and not be happy would have been such a bummer, to put it mildly. Enjoy your new home. P.s. I have no interest in ever being a boat dweller, but I love watching you guys because you are authentic, genuine people, and just a joy to follow.
What is a "boat stamp", please show a quick example of what's engraved on it.
Congrats! Welcome home!
So glad your back in your beautiful new boat.. Look forward to all your adventures xxx
what a beautiful comfortable boat. Will be exciting to watch you make it yours and learn its systems and behavior in all conditions
Yes please, on the decision of where to register the boat.
Glad you like the new boat!
I am definitely interested in learning about the advantages of Bikini.   Besides the obvious ones of course.
Thanks!
Please make the  video about why Bikini!
We are definitely interested in the Bikini story. Maybe include new insurance and such…
I've seriously lost count how many times I've said "wow that's a pretty boat" over the last few videos. Congrats on this next chapter & thank you for sharing it with us!
Yall be careful, not sure if you heard what happened to that couple that departed Hampton Va, and got hijacked on their boat, the authorities think they are dead
They make the mattress snug to keep it from sliding when in rough seas.
You mean you haven't heard Movie on a sail. Sailboat not UV rated use it anyway when it gives up then buy one that is uv rated
Whoo-hoo! The boat looks fantastic! As another chapter ends, another begins. Can't' wait to be part of this adventure! Fair winds, and following seas.
Congratulations! So glad to see you guys finally back on the sea
its beautiful! I just bought a screen, ozark Trail, outdoor equipment. It's a hang it yourself but very utilitarian! can hose it down if needed...  Bon Chance.  Love following you guys for years now...
Nikki, thank you for showing the Serf shark!! My wife has been looking everywhere for a trusted VPN, and she is so blown away by it. Thank you again.
I’m curious, does your boat have a kite that can pull the boat like some of the boats on the HH website?
Bikini
Finally.  8:15  That helm position is the only thing I do not think I'd like.  No protection, no backrest, have to run to the other side to see the opposite corner and looking through the windows can have the effect of inducing sea sickness sometimes, not even considering rain/visibility impairment issues with weather.  Don't get me wrong, I'd love to have this boat, just having sailed a few now, this is the one thing I have big reservations about.  Jason, I am interested in Bikini (s) (both) as I am headed toward buying a boat.
Full sunny beautiful day for sailing nikki jason 😊
I’m a watching from Annapolis, Maryland USA… it’s all over the news about a retired couple from the USA who were sailing in the Caribbean, whose catamaran was hijacked and they were killed, so please be careful.. I thought of you both when that was all over the news.. Take care 🙏🏼
Please tell us about your flag and the difference of where to register
You guys never encounter the pirates in Philippines?
Yes, I too would like to know the pros and cons of where you chose (and not chose) to register your boat.  Thank you.
Well if you are not as comfortable on your new boat as you seem.....your performance is Oscar caliber. You two look so at home in your new boat and yes is a small way it is wonderful to share both the boat and your thrills. Have fun and love each other while discovering all that is new in your wonderful new home.
Brilliant !
船的颜色很漂亮。
I too am glad you're back and out doing what you love. I'm just a dreamer living through you. keep it going.
The boat is amazing...  Would love a film on your process on deciding on the Marshall Islands.  I think a lot of people sail for the same reasons. You are one of the channels who has inspired me to get back into sailing and as soon as I get out from under my caregiving role I aim to sell up and start living a similar life. I will come and knock on your hull one day and say hello.
First time watching for more than a year, looking forward to the adventures!
I  dont think this will stay long if at all but watching these bitch that they did not spend more of their supporters money to complete what 99% of people would think as excessive. Give your money to charity or better yet put it in 401, roth whatever because statistically 60% + of you won't have enough to retire on. I am sure a lot of you will fire back in anger because deep down you know you are just giving money to people who dont need it. Sure miss the old winns that instead of a show all about excess was more towards giving tips on how a large portion of america could witness the vast beauty of America      Oh and before anyone says it I dont have to watch it, as a matter of fact I haven't finished a episode in years.
Congratulations on U'r beautiful vessel & new adventure....I definitely look forward to seeing the tour of Curiosity. I definitely appreciate the point of a good routine, I  currently am working on improving mine. I did have questions about how U care for the provisioning on board what type of refrigeration & where U source the bulk of the food taken aboard. I am truly happy the two of U are able to enjoy this unique life voyage together & that U allow us a small window inside. Thank U for sharing, much luv & respect to U both 😊❤😊
You're looking good!  I was going to ask you if it was going well but you anticipated it.  You're really looking good!  Did I say that?  How is your mum, Nikki
Very happy for you both! Yes to the explanation of the Bikini registration. Be well!
enjoin your tirp
Would love to understand more about the Marshall Islands boat registration please
Beautiful❤
Hi, guys. Your regen. Would that work anchor with a 4 knots current? ( Would you make power at Anchor? ) 🤔Enjoy your shiny new boat, bye
Think about some deployable reflective strips to hang on the sides of the hulls at night or in emergencies when you want to be seen.
Nice boat and that beats the RV you used to drive. Welcome to the Philippines. Hope you enjoy our little country. :-)
You might be able to solve the front sail storage locker woes with a new bulbous hatch cover. Give you more volume and you probably don't meet to walk on it anyway do you?
My projector screen is raw reflective fabric from a fabric store. I think it's about 8 feet long plus standard fabric width turned 90 degrees for proper aspect ratio. It rolls on a standard cut to length dowl rod. On my standard sail boat I mounted it inside along one side. Sitting on the other side is like being inside a massive immersion projector. A 1080p Amazon projector has been fine as my eyes aren't that hires anyway anymore!  I suggest trying a similar setup with some good hook hangers mounted on the roof with removable glue until you try different placements to get it right.  In fact you can have multiple screens and be able to move the small projector inside or out etc.  Might price useful for other things as well such projecting message readable to other boaters. Who knows! Endless possibilities when connected to a computer.
Get them to program station keeping into your gps electric autopilot.  With light currents you would not need a mooring ball.
The big open windows are great.  Looking forward to seeing all those original design goals in play.  Also nice to see the endless fuel electric dingy in play! Never needs fuel!  Didn't you do something for rain catchment as well?  Solar and electric propulsion on my little sailboat has been great.y rain catchment has been a dollar tree clear shower curtain. About 2 feet square will catch an easy gallons of clean drinkable (wonderful tasting) water in one small downpour.   With fishing and a small veggie garden on board with the size of your boat you would never need a port!
Great video Guys, Thanks, it's soo nice to be back on the water with you. You really have to look at an inflatable projector screen with a portable projector. It doesn't have to be 4K the big advantage is you can take it anywhere you want, to the beach, to another boat. Perfect movie nights.😀
I love watching you two always so happy and bubbly loving your new boat, not like the other couple you just sailed with who are always complaining
Please make a MI video!  Thanks!
As a trimmer who makes mattresses for a couple of boat builders in Australia.. People have complained when I leave a 10mm gap on each side (for the exact reason you mentioned), so now I make them all to fit like yours 😅
I'm loving the positivity!  Another channel moved onto their new cat and it was a total whinge fest!
what can you do for extra cover at the helm in bad weather? hopefully your not gonna be stood out in the rain on watch on a wet windy night.
A video of Jason in a Bikini? I mean, a video of Jason with bikini's...... erm, a video of Jason critiquing bikini's......  No, wait, jokes like that aren't allowed anymore.....  But seriously,  definitely interested in why.  There was one guy registered his boat to a sunken island in Hawaii. That sounded interesting also, though I'm guessing that being registered in a USA port doesn't gain you the same financial &/or other perks you get from Marshall, Bikini's Islands.
My grandfathers converted WWII  landing craft/launch was brought back from Bikini, hence the name of the boat Bikini.
I am super surprised that HH doesn't have a starlink mount and connections.
Difficult to listen , no structure and a very painful voice, ugh
Been following you guys since 2019, so happy for you guys. The boat looks awesome and can't wait for the tour. I am also ecstatic that Jason got his dishwasher!
26:16 Nikki missing her porn movies
Welcome to the Philippines 🎉🎉🎉
Im sorry for being such a hard azz. I do enjoy watch your progress. At the same time I don't try to blow sun shine up anyone's backside with lovey dovey speech. sorry again
Yay!
Congrats, the new boat looks awesome! But Nikki's new do is the highlight of the show. So much more flattering than the bangs.
ON ON!!
You two are oozing joy. That's what a positive attitude gives in bucket loads. Curiosity is perfect and you are both deserving of her beauty and capabilities ... happy cruising.
Would love to hear your thoughts on the decision to be flagged under the Marshall Islands. Fun fact, my dad was the first US Ambassador to the Marshall Islands in 1987. I got to live there about a year after college on Majuro, the capital. Then later on I got to meet the guys who had the idea to offer flagging services with the Marshall Islands.
It’s beautiful ❤🎉 congrats 🍾    Please 🙏🏻 stay safe out there ….. the world is full of unfriendly people looking for trouble.  I hope you two have a plan if something goes wrong that you would be prepared.   ❤
I'm interested in the Bikini decision
Awesome boat. Interested to see how the eco drive performs with longer trips and servicing in remote locations. Worldwide support? Exotic yacht registration countries is definitely of interest.. assuming lower duty/no USA taxes? How does that fair when you sell on? Are you still US TAX residents or did you non domicile?  Great guys. Love your work. I will be on the water within 5 years. You are inspiring to many. Cheers
Glad to see your back on the water
Oh … to be young again
where is the fish cleaning station?
What a treat it’s been to go back and watch the two videos of when you found curiosity, and than took her for a sale with the owner, fond memories 7 years ago.
We are all happy for you guys.
So very happy for you both.  Yes, would love to hear about Bikini Island.  Enjoy. Be Happy!❤
I have just searched for news about an American couple aboard their catamaran possibly thrown overboard by 3 escaped prisoners. The boat was called Simplicity. I had just heard the story partially. I'm so glad you're safe. Please be careful out there. I think you two had a run in years ago off of maybe Venezuela. Maybe it wasn't you guys. Stay safe and pray for that couple.
What??? -- QUESTION -- Did you say you were generating up to 2lw per hour per shaft (from time to time)??  Wow!! If that is correct then I am blown away. The idea of grabbing 4kw per hour of power, in addition to your solar, is simply insanely good. In fact, you could easily run AC when sailing based on those numbers as well as all your other power needs.  Stunningly great!
I feel good for you guys, the relief and contentment in your voices suggest the process and wait was worth it. Love the sense of humour from Jason, “we packed our bags away in the most difficult place to get to!” Enjoy your adventure keep the smile on your faces.  Can you “swing out” or move your monitors for different helm positions? Maybe this not a necessity.  Love the boat, it has an Artistic presence to it. Bons Ventos  The Portuguese Wallaby Down Under  and Now on top.
Very nice boat , but also complicated at the same time , it is not going to be like your previous boat that you could fix just about everything yourself, wish you tens of thousands of miles on it.
Jason, make the Bikini video!
I read the news today about a catamaran and a couple and I thought you guys got thrown into the sea...stay safe
Feels like we climbed a massive mountain with you both and now we are within sight of a bar and restaurant where we can chill and recap the highlights!!!  You’ve both been incredible in how you have managed the last few years of consistent change and challenges. I love you recognise you need physical and emotional healing time, just don’t try and do it quickly otherwise it will chase you up again.   Stage yourselves over at least 3 months where the majority of time is chill time.  Wishing you both well and fun filled journeys from here on 😊  I know from personal experiences that we often don’t fully appreciate how burnt out we can be so we start feeling good and rush back in, because that’s how we function.
Choosing marshall islands / bikini atoll as registry is interesting.  The islanders lost quite abit of territory due to the nuclear testing in the 50s.  They were not treated well.   It brings attention to the potential ecological disaster comming there
Check out beddy’s for your mattresses. It may solve your problem.
Congrats, I'm soooo happy for you guys!
You two have more guts than a slaughter house. Going from a $500K vessel to a $2 Million vessel, with all the new systems and technologies would be overwhelming for most sailors. Screaming along at 8 knots just lost it’s place on the SOG scale. I applaud your bravery and look forward to watching your new adventures.
Yes I would love to see why you decided to register your boat in the Marshal islands.
Congratulations! 🩵
Never would I ever have an electric dighny that's your lifeline
Please tell us more about Bikini Marshall Islands!
Would love to hear more about Bikini and why!
One item you may want to consider... with as many cushions as you have I'm wondering if any of the material is held in stock in case something were to happen to one or two ( or three, or...) Subsequent runs, if ever made, rarely ever match. I'd be considering, even if I had to pay for it up front, buying enough material to replace at least a couple of the largest cushions. It would really suck to have to replace all (or a significant number) of them because one was damaged, blew overboard, etc. Re: projector - I have small experience with the two I own but no idea how they would play out in a maritime scenario. In case nobody else pipes up my thoughts would be to consider how much moisture may affect one. Also, lumens, lumens, lumens. You can dim them but you can't make them any brighter. Not knowing the possible marine affect I'd shoot for a reasonably priced LED projector and see how that works out for you. No use spending a grand or two for a nice one that dunks from the humidity, etc. in a few months. Even a cheap $100 one can give you a rough idea and could later be used in a cabin if you decide to upgrade. When I was initially shopping I found Projector Central to be the site with the best info.
welcome to philippines, enjoy your visit. stay safe always.
When are y’all gonna do a boat tour
Bikini?   We need answers!!  Thx.
The first video of yours I watched was very your first sailing lesson. I though, "Hmmm, these guys are intrepid."  Little did I know! Can't believe it's been 8 years. Congrats on being back at sea, and on navigating your way thru all the things that have happened since your first lesson!
You're doing great compared to sailing la vagabond. They had nightmares with issues on their new boat during the first few wks   One of their engines took on salt water and was completely rusty. Had to sail without that engine for many weeks until they got new one.  I like your boat way more. Theirs is way faster, but it's not as good as yours for regenerative power.  Both boats have pros and cons, but I'm kinda leaning towards yours for layout and overall functionality.   Although i do love the colour they choose for their boat.
Super stoked for y’all! Been watching since the camper days and now just as hooked on the sailing…both passions of mine. It’s so great to have honest living and adventures to share with the world. Thank you and Keep the wind at your back!!
I love your videos, so glad everything is smooth sailing for you.  I think a lot of it is because you both are so organized and thorough with everything. You work together as a great team. 🎉
21:21 Just a thought... get fitted sheets made, put them on the mattress outside the cabin then fold the mattress like a taco to put it in or take it out.
Safe sailing nice job
I manage a warehouse liquidation retail store please give me your contact info I can send a projector to you from the states we usually have them in stock
I'm so happy for you guys. 🎉
Really happy for you guys…..enjoy your honeymoon phase on the boat, it’s a beauty!
Great work !!! I love your videos and your new boat!!!! Now tell me more about your Bikini  😂
Why do women wear glasses that are twice as big as there head.
I love my nebula projector on amazon. I would spend the money on the “nicest biggest” one. It would be worth the upgrade for sure.
Drop the Bikini please !!
Following with interest!  We took delivery of our new boat from China in May 2022 - crossed the same as you to Subic Bay after more than a year in Hong Kong. Still doing commissioning and warranty work just a mile or so from where you are at SB yacht club. Let’s hope you have less warranty issues than we did 😂
Will the props spinning while at anchor with a tide generate any power? I know it will be a tiny amount but just curious or does any system generate power at that low of RPM? Also, why bikini?
Did you find the Big Dubbaya?
Fact is everything breaks, boats especially so no surprise and hopefully no big surprises. Congratulations on a beautiful boat
You both look healthy and happy so you must be doing something right. The layout of the boat has an amazing amount of space - it is a great design. The big windows allow for a great view. Thanks for sharing these amazing videos with us.🙂
5:44   munkee meat on a STEEK!!!! well it was like strip steak wutever but anyhow... :)  LOL ohhhhhhh   I was there (SUBIC BAY) while in the NAVY in the 80s... ;)   he he he... diff world now tho ;)  but eh the countryside is awesome!! we went to the REEF too, it was a bit of a jeeepme ride from the base... but they had beer it was good...
Yes I would be interested in the reasons fot Marshall Islands registration
I’m a Captain and Sailing School Instructor from NC USA heading to Cebu and Boracay right now to Kiteboard and Wingfoil if you need any help or wanna learn to Kite or Wingfoil. I’ll be there a month.  Congratulations on your new beautiful boat. All the Best
Make the video of the bikini registration 👙 congrats on your new amazing home
Yep, interested in choice of registering/documenting with Marshal Islands
Welcome to the Philippines! I hope you enjoy your stay. Are you here on the same time as the SLV crew? Collab soon? lol
Kudos,  can see and feel your joy.  And surprising how much room there seems to be when it didnt look like much room.
Yes, yes! please do a video on the bikinis.  No, not That kind... sure Niki is super cute and all but I'm talking about the Marshal Island registry stuff!!!  (Yes, I'm sitting here laughing like a very young idiot...)  But do still want a Marshal Island vid.
I am so happy for the two o you. I am just grinning from ear to ear. While watching this video😊, Jason, I would love to hear about registration at the Marshall Islands. And I think having bikini under curiosity is fantastic❤
My one question to you both How do you protect your selves from danger when you are out there. I have been with you since you started with your RV and never missed a trip!!
A five knot motoring boat? Really? That would be a struggle under some conditions.
So great to see you back at home on the water!
They make projections screens that retract…they come in all sizes…just bring your projector out when you are ready to watch a movie, push a button to lower the screen and you are ready to go
Are you concerned with foul weather sailing in cold or driving rain in that exposed position? Is the movement of the help enough to tuck out of the way?
You are obviously happy.   So glad for you both.
Bet you they switch to a real outboard on the dingy  before the years end.
WOOHOOOOOO!!!! So happy for you two. Here’s to many more sailing adventures. Congrats. ❣️
you should remove the red stickers on the windows, dont let windows tell you how to live!
I'm not down with electric boats, cars, etc...the new green agenda is a scam. And you all fell for it. Hope you don't get stranded and regret it all.
Onward now to the adventures! Finally. Congrats guys.
I dont think Ive ever heard red horse been called a light beer before.
Try a neat place that takes you back to the original Polynesian life style visit the Fanning island. Very friendly and beautiful. Cool place.
Great new vessel. Enjoy the long wait.
Congratulations. Question for the boat tour episode: With all of the windows throughout the cabin, where will you put the Boat Project whiteboard that you had up next to the navstation in Curiosity 1? I know it’s an odd question, but I love organizing with a whiteboard.
Congratulations. Bikinis 😂👍
How is the adaptation to having the transom that folds?
So Happy to see you back out on your own boat. Wishing you Fair Winds and Following Seas, as you start adventuring again, and taking uß scv all along with you. ❤
This boat is awsome.... totlatly different thought.... keep growing your hair out, both of you.
congrats
Bikini details please. :-) Really enjoying your series.
Great to see you back on your own boat again after the shock announcement when you were down here in NZ, that you were selling Curiosity!  Can't wait to see where you're going next to avoid Cyclones and Typhoons 🙂
Lovely ❤
I would love to know about bikinis plz
Looks really good! Yes projector and screen! Try and slow down for a couple of weeks! Getting to know living on your boat is very helpful to bonding with your boat.
I would appreciate a video on why one should register a boat in the Marshall Islands. Mahalo!
Nikki is so correct. If you own a boat, repairs are inevitable. Hopefully, with a new boat, they are farther in the future.
I would be interested
you guys are just so non-pretentious...  Always takes the stress outa life to see you guys toil along, and take it as it is.
Thank you for another great video. So happy for you both. The boat definitely seems to swing around on anchor quite a bit. Of course, this also depends on the wind and currents. Cheers.
Why Marshall Islands?
Did you say it feels great? 😂❤❤
Great video to catch us up on your progress. Thanks for sharing as always!
Why the Marshal islands? Lovely lovely boat.
So exciting to see you guys back to boat life, especially on that beautiful boat! Definitely would be interested in the reasoning behind registering in the Marshall islands.
Boy, I'm glad all that is behind us! Now on to the stuff. Let's go, guys! Been on dry land too long
Public Service announcement don't google Marshal in Bikinis. Love that you are in such a good place in your journey.
Projectors are really difficult for marine environments as they are actively cooled. Yes there is a filter on projectors, but they are meant to deal with indoor dust, not the constant environmental salt. The other issue you will have is ambient light, as 'cheaper' projectors tend to not be very bright.   Based on your layout and throw distance (distance from projector to screen), I would look at "Ultra Short Throw projectors" with ALR (ambient light rejection) screens. The UST projectors can be sat down and easily put away, minimizing their exposure. The "laser projectors" are not as sensitive as typical light bulb projectors, so will be a bit better at dealing with the ocean atmosphere. They use screens they have directionally focused material to deal with the very close projector distance, hence have good ALR capabilities. As for cost, I've seen screen and projector sets for under $3000. There are good reviews of the Chinese brands like HiSense and ForMovie, but you don't save a whole lot of money over a more established brand like Epson. I would look at the Epson LS300W for a 1080p projector and the Epson LS800B for a 4K projector, depending on your budget.
I want you to talk about flags of convenience. I can understand why large international companies do it, but I would like to hear how it is for private individuals with relatively small boats. What challenges and limitations do you have?
Are you using regen at anchor when you have tidal currents?
Lumpia, Pansit, that's local!
:( enjoy ur week off
Congratulations! Beautiful boat, beautiful people
Looking forward to seeing the "Stunt doubles" showing the results of your boat fitness.  Will J have BIG muscles  😂
Do you have a compressor to jam scuba tanks?  Do you still have your gear, or will you have to procure new scuba gear?
More talk and why bikini, also great to see you two back to boat life.
Yes, would like to hear more about your flagging decision and options you looked at.  Cheers.
great to have you guys back out on the water, can't wait for the tour
Would love to know why you registered at the Marshall Islands. I heard they were recently hit by rogue waves :(
Great video! Congratulations on your first sail across the China Sea! Yes, why did you register there and how with time and costs!
If you create a gap with the mattress in the berth over the engine room you may increase the engine noise in the berth by removing the secondary sound seal. A solution for making the bed could be a fitted sheet and to access the hatch an electric ram or screw jack-to lift the hatch enough to manually open it the rest of the way.
welcome to philippines my motherland  "pearl of the orient seas" hope you will all enjoy your stay....
Would I be too bold to ask your ages.
My brother, MAKE THE VIDEO!
Congratulation it was worth the wait
The boat should be called Curiosity 2.0.
Beautiful!
That 55 GB sim is only worth 500 pesos, 1500 pesos is too much 🥲
was wondering if you ever ran into Ralph Hendry and Kathy Brandel of the Simplicity who lost their lives (most likely) when their boat (also a catamaran) in the Caribbean was stolen. Also is this a major concern for you and what protective measures does your new boat have
It's a beautiful boat!
Boat tour!
please do the vid about the marshal islands registration.  Organization vids, tour, etc would be much appreciated, too.  Great work and congratulations!
Yes please make a video on the Bikini Marshall Islands. Thank you for covering this topic!!
Screen, Projector ........Icecream Maker,   Hope you get it all and your boat like you two is amazing!  Cheers from Canada, WHere our boating season is a few months awsy yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0bf8HW8RuQ      Be careful you guys !
I want to learn about Bikini 😃 Why the Marshall islands?
This is exciting. Congratulations on your new home. Enjoy digging into all your boat is and settling into your new home.  See you in a few weeks.
10-4 on both Bikini and bikinis...
Congrats guys and thank you for the last 2 years of awesome quality videos. You've managedd to keep us entertained and interested during the non-sailing time.
Nice boat! I notice you are 'horsing' at anchor (swinging back and forth) quite a bit, like my boat does. Any comments? I want to add an anchor riding sail to reduce it but have not found an acceptable way to mount one.
Hi can I ask what information is on the boat stamp?
Screen idea - Mount the screen mounting hardware to a couple of quick release suction cups (as long as the different spaces you are considering are a smooth surface), then you can move it as needed to the best location based on your situation accounting for weather conditions, light pollution, etc.  I saw someone do that with an RV - they could use it inside or on2-3 places on either side of the RV outside.  In transit it was just suck to the ceiling inside and out of the way.
Yes please Info video on Bikini registry
That boat is gorgeous and that shot out the back with the couch 🤌🤌🤌
Movie night: projector nebula2 with the ram mount. Tulaendlesssummer has actually a very nice setup with suction cups and cloth screen in their Amazon store which i also ordered.
So happy to see you back on the water! Happy sailing and I look forward to coming along from snowy cold Canada!
About the projector, I believe Anker has one that is supposed to be decent, and battery powered. No idea if it is bright enough, but maybe you guys could get sponsored?
I wouldn't mind knowing why the Marshall Islands for registering the boat.
Congratulations!!  I get too seasick to do what you are doing but want to do an around the world cruise at some point.  My son however, wants to get a full solar boat at some point in his life and do what you are doing.  Our current realities are seldom our past dreams, but often more rewarding!!
Welcome to my Country PHILIPPINES!  Mabuhay!  enjoy your stay..
I wondered how long it would be before we saw Jason in a shirt that matched the hull colour. It's an amazing looking boat by the way.
We are very interested in Bikinis, in fact we miss it on this channel
Congratulations again  I’m always interested in Bikini’s!  And, if you want to tell us how you decided to register in the Bikini Marshal Islands, that would be interesting also.   Staying tuned for projector suggestions since I am also in the market.  Hopefully wireless, rechargeable and magnetic mount.
need a link for that black dress
That dinghy is wicked awesome!
That is a long time you been without a house awesome you back home. That is a very nice boat you guys have lots of fun with it. Cool stuff charging under sail that is cool. We love it. Awesome. CUROSITY is a fitting name 2 see what  shenanigans you guys get into. Awesome 🛠️🇨🇦🛠️🇨🇦🛠️🇨🇦
Beer and a Burger? I thought you were vegan?
Boat is beautiful. You guys did a wonderful job with your personal touches. Congrats!
14:27 Don’t buy a couch…. Buy an HH Cat!!!!!
I cant believe you are so close to me! I live in manila and if u need any help/guides! i am glad to help!
Welcome to Philippines
Congrats! As we learn, everything worthwhile takes time. Looking forward to your future :)
Yes, why Bikini and not registered in the USA? Thanks
Congratulations so happy for you. I have been following you since rv days.  We did the opposite of you guys. Went from boating to rv.
note for Jason's bikini video 😉
Kamusta ka pare?... awesome.. awesome vlog.. I bet Jason is regretting not buying the ice cream maker...hahaha...  can't wait to see the boat walk through ..
We would love to know what it cost as outfitted.
I am so happy for the both of you! Your research and planning have paid off, now time to Breathe!!! Yes to the reason why your registered in Bikini Marshall islands,  Take care, enjoy your new home, take it all in! I feel you made a great choice! Stay safe!
Glad to see everything is working well.  Your smiles say it all.  Enjoy your new home and some down time.  Cheers!
I love your new boat. I wish I could afford an HH I bought a NEEL 47 trimaran instead. What I do not understand is why votes unlike cars or any other product in the world come with such a big punchlist of discrepancies and broken stuff on day one I build custom houses for a living and I could get away with doing that but every boat maker in the world whether it’s HH OR NEEL or some of the really premium brands always Deliver boats without testing the systems thoroughly.
I would vote for Jeason in a bikini - I think I understood the questing right, yes? ;-) Good winds, endless happy moments and lots of love for all your trips with this new and stunning boat!
Mabuhay! Our flag looks good on your beautiful Boat.
The new Curiosity looks fantastic!! What a beautiful vessel. Have a blast learning all of her capabilities. I am looking forward to your many new adventures aboard Curiosity and your far flung ports of call. Have fun Kids! 0:24
Why register in Bikini?
Very cool 👍🙂
Projector(s): Recommend contacting manufacturers for a sponsored demo as they are well promoted on YouTube.   #1: XGIMI HORIZON Ultra true-4K Projector, 2300 lumens, 3 light sources led LEDs & 1 laser, DLP  #2: NEBULA by Anker Cosmos Laser 4K Projector, 2200 lumens, single laser light source, DLP,  #3: Dangbei Atom Google TV Laser Projector (smallest and cheapest, only 1080P, 1200 lumens so half as bright)  Screen: Vivid Storm Screen (this is a motorized from the ground up type screen) (the two brighter projectors can run a darker grey screen and benefit higher contrast)    Sound/Audio: JBL Flip 6 Waterproof Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker (2 would be ideal)
Auto Focus Smart Projector] Android TV Projector 4K with Built-in Apps,XNoogo 1300ANSI Outdoor Movie Projector with WiFi6 & Bluetooth,Auto Keystone,50%Zoom,PPT,ARC,Projector for TV Stick/Phone/Laptop
the WiMiUS Store  4.4 4.4 out of 5 stars 299Reviews  [270°Adjustable Stand] Mini projector with WiFi and Bluetooth, Outdoor Portable Movie Projector 1080P Support, Auto Keystone Home Projector for Phone/TV Stick/Laptop, WiMiUS Latest S27  ￼  ￼  ￼  ￼  ￼  ￼  ￼  ￼
6:30 Congrats to you both...!!!  🥳🥳🥳  Be Proud...!!  Beautiful boat.  Carpe Diem..!!!
wow, beautiful boat. Lots of new technology without a lot of history to perfect but hoping it all works well for a long time. A few opportunity's were missed in the " fhats what she said " dept but it would be in poor taste to point them out. Looking forward to future videos.
I have followed you both for years. I wish we had the opportunity to meet up while you were in China. We have lived here for over 15 years, and the plan is to sail out of here on the cat that I will build. Very inspiring. Thank you.
Would be very interested to see a video on why you selected to register Curiosity II in Bikini, Marshall Islands!  Congratulations - she is beautiful!
Nikki, best legs on youtube  : )
Boat looks great guys ,Langkawi in Malaysia used to be a good place to register yachts inexpensive and hassle free also is a duty free place to buy anything you need on boat Fair Winds !!
Yes it would be interesting knowing why you registered your boat in Bikini
Very interested in the reasons behind registering as Marshall Islands
Definitely interested in why you registered in the Marshall Islands. Advantages/disadvantages.  Thanks!
I wasn’t crying, I had something in my eye!
So I decided to give it another shot to see if the old Wynns would go back to normal, after they got the new boat finished, because, back in the day, it was decent content, but... 🙄  So the long laborious infomercial is continuing on, ad nauseum.   🤢🤮  The self-absorption has only gotten worse.  Good luck with that.  Peace out.
Really enjoying
Now.... let the adventure begin...again hahahah. Looking forward to it.
Bravo, beautiful boat.
I just want to know I really like your channel and I always watch it. I have a question for you two on your new Catamaran have you tried putting or thinking of using a seakeeper on your boat? so it wouldn't be too much wave motion on crazy weather.
🌬⛵🌏👙🩳🩱🤿🕶⛱🩴🐚🎣🐬💧🐠🐟🦈🐋☀️🇦🇺
Hey guys, congratulations on your new boat. I would be really interested in hearing why you chose to register the boat where you did.  I’m currently building a cat in Japan but originally from Australia and I am considering the options for vessel registration. Kev
Congrats! Amazing boat. My big question… how did y’all afford a nearly $2M boat?
So you can run AC while on passage?...  If you anchor in a good river, I wonder how many watts you can generate at mid tide when it's running the most.
Your catamaran is amazing. It looks like a super fast day sailer but then you see a photo with a person on it and realize how large it is. It’s so much larger than it looks but it definitely looks fast. Congratulations
Yes please to the Marshall Islands 😊
Welcome to the philippines 🇵🇭
Awesome video!! I'm so happy for this new, beautiful journey of yours. Welcome to my country! 🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭
Thank you for surf shark! I used your code when I signed up for my parents on their streaming service to protect them and their phones. They love it.
Out of all sailing channels this is hands down my favorite cat / trimaran ;-). Love the color pattern you picked and the overall design and build qulaity! Are you planning to add a few few accessories and plants to make it a bit more homey?
Wow your in Subic Philippines, do you have a scheduled meet up day?
How much does it cost all up
I'd love to have a video on why you registered the boat in the Bikini Atoll / Marshall Islands.  Also at 2:00 were you using the diesel engines? Could you talk a little about how often you need to fall back to diesel as opposed to running under electric power? With the hydro drive and solar (plus wind) will it be rare to have to use diesel?  Thanks Nikki & Jay  PS Also what's the top speed of the HH44 and what's your comfort zone in terms of speed?
Definitely be interested to hear why you registered the boat in bikini.
Great video.  Living in Japan, I am very interested in the pros of registering the boat on the Marshalls.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aN8yK2DU9fw&ab_channel=PickAdviser
Interested in the Bikini Marshall Island registration!  So happy you’re so satisfied! 🖖🏻😘👍🏻🙏🏻
Congratulations on your maiden voyage from China to the Philippines.  (rThe night skies were amazing.)  I just want to tell you guys that I have Surfshark but unlike you, I often have troubles getting streaming services from the US as many major streaming services now have VPN detection technology to block non-local IP addresses.  But I am happy you have been successful getting what you want to watch.
Your tender looks strange…is the hull designed properly?  It can’t be efficient at all if it’s not able to plane.
When you pick up a buoy why do you not have a bridle rigged up to keep you away from it?
Brilliant, so happy for you guys. It's been a long time coming, enjoy :)
I am really happy for you, followed you since an episode about roof air-condition, and then you sold the trailer. As a long-term sailor myself, were running a family office and do insurance, investment and .. flag registration. Actually, do not understand your choice for this flag, although BIKINI sounds nice, it sets the tone. I hope you enlighten us. Marshall Islands have been blacklisted in the EU for tax. Its expensive and has recurring costs. Which similarly applies to some other flags (BVI for example) I see only one advantage which only applies for registration under a company and thats protection against foreign governments, but it seems a paper advantage. For those looking to register, Flags to consider in My opinion are e.g. Poland and Langkawi Just a professional opinion. On the boat. I am really happy for you both, finally you have the dishwasher... HH did a good job, so it seems. For the size I think it's an okay boat. I wonder how the resonance of noises will be, given the building materials. Indeed, that engine sound did come across really load, lets hope another prop solves some of it. Do consider putting noise reduction material on the sides of your engine rooms. And last but not least take your time, you.ve been very busy... enjoy it, film later. Best,
Congratulations to you both. I am very happy for you. It's an amazing vessel! Nikki, check what Tula endless summer bought. It's a compact projector. Jason, tell us more about Bikini
Are you enjoying the dishwasher?
Congratulations guy she looks fantastic looking forward to the boat tour
The living space in this is HUGE! How amazing. 🙌
it is really an emotional episode!!  Very happy you guys are on the water again!!
Pls do a Video about the Registration
Hi how much is  a boat like this and how do u afford it
I Love your boat, congratulations  🎊
Your happiness is radiating across the seas. Nice.
Yeah, Hotel, Accommodation worries are now swapped for 24 hour weather anxiety,   Years of Chart psychosis and endless maintenance. What you need now is a professional captain and crew for true worry free living.
Great episode. I would be interested in hearing about the reasons for registering in the Marshall Islands
Bikinis 🙄🤔😜
Welcome to the Philippines!
bikini
Congratulations on the new boat. It's incredible 👏🏽👏🏽💪🏾💪🏾👍👍⛵️⛵️🍷🥃🍷🥃☕️☕️☕️❤️❤️🌎🌍🌏
Samsung Freestyle 2nd Gen projector. A portable, small projector should be perfect for you.
Looking forward to your adventures.
Yeah, I'd like to know why you decided to register your new boat in the bikini Islands. Love your work, by the way.  Cheers, David - Australian fan.
Very interested in the registration decision. Pros and cons. I don’t know of any channel that has covered that topic!
Beautiful 😻 happy for you ⚓️🗺️🌊🌅
So exciting. Looking forward to all your new adventures.
Speaking of surk shark I remember u said along time ago u were hacked that is where LIFE LOCK comes in to play it locks ur life like u lock ur house it is another safety tool check it out
Top, we plan to sail to Symi island in sommer
Great video. I'm glad you love it. Have you found a home for all your stuff?
Absolutely gorgeous boat
Groovy episode.  Your sailboat is a beauty, even magical.
Welcome to the Philippines🇵🇭
Would very much like to know why your chose Bikini
Home Sweet Home  (a couple on a cata in the Bahamas got wacked. Keep it xtra safe)
have you checked EMF radiation in the living Area?
I would like to watch a video on your choice of registration country
:)
Subic Bay  does  not  look  like  it  did  when  I  was  there  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  1972.      Projector  &  screen :    I  had  a  nice  Canon  8mm  projector  that  showed  my  super 8mm  home  movies  very  nicely  on  a  white  bed-sheet  I  could  tie  up  almost  anywhere  .  .  .          Am  glad  your  doing  well  with  new  boat  !  !           take  care,         rh
lithium ion batteries and salt water hmmm
But since the drive system is like an underwater windmill aren't you afraid of getting underwater wind cancer?
So far it appears you’ve made a very smart choice with your boat builder. Particularly, a better choice than Ruby Rose and Le Vagabond. The appearance is so spacious and clear. You have every reason to be happy at this point. 👏👏👏
Nikki, I have a Samsung Freestyle projector that is a perfect fit for your needs. Nice and compact; works on WiFi for direct connection and will also accept a mini HDMi cable for your laptops. Only needs a wall and not a projector screen.(Easy enough to get a white sheet to do the job. Has enough AI power to work out what's a square picture, even when angled towards the ceiling.
I wanna know why you registered it in the bikini islands!!! Thank you for everything you guys have done. You’ve been an honest inspiration to me in wanting to learn how to sail. Thank you for everything you two have uploaded!!
You could use a white pull down window shade for your projector screen! It would be awesome
are the helms completely outside ? what happens when the weather is nasty out and you guys have to steer do you have to stay outside ?
silly question, can you use the regen whilst at anchor with tides more as a trickle charging?
Sailing Fair Isle have a good drop-down screen and projector set up.  Good idea to consult them.
Yup, bikini is a must. 😁 I miss the “Captain “ inserts y’all were doing. All I’m saying is, if I ever hit the lottery y’all will be seeing me in exotic ports of call. Your yacht is absolutely stunning.  So, settle in, relax, get your routine going and soak in the beauty in the Philippines. I’ve spent some time there back when I was in the NAVY in the early 80’s. The people, land scape and local foods are great.  Thank you far sharing your lives and adventures with us. ❤️
Definitely interested of hearing the registration things! Amazing boat and the regen is impressive!
welcome to the philippines with your brand new home. i’m from philippines and watching your vlogs because i love boats. by the way i work in a private boat based in monaco. i live in france. hope you guys enjoy your stay
I’m just here to ask for the Jason Bikini video to be made public. 😅
I hear clearing into Subic bay is one of the most expensive places to do it, in the Philippines. Some report in the range of thousands of dollars. So most average cruisers avoid Subic and Batangas at all costs.  What was the damage $$$?
I’d like to know why you registered in bikini and how
Xgimi projectors are pretty legit if you get an upper tier one. It’s a big Chinese brand that is well respected. Get one with over 1000+ ansi lumens though! The brighter the better! Not sure if it’ll hold up on the salty water though! 🎉
5 knots under motor - well that rules you out of most Bar crossings in the world.
The stern on this boat look terrible.
Just WOW!
I would like to hear about registering in the Marshall Islands.  Thanks.
Why did you chose the Home Port that you have choosen?
How do u deal with sea legs?♥️🦋🙏🏻
Drop down Movie night:  Glue Metal or Neodymium magnets,  paint ceiling color.  Get projection screen, get it to magnetize to all those key places, get a good quality projector and enjoy movies.  Get bug screens, window covering to keep dark.  Enjoy!
Yes please on the Marshal Islands registration vid.
So incredibly happy for you guys ❤❤❤
yes, please provide detailed Information why you registered in Marschal  in addition I would be really interested is the use if the Thermal cam!  How to integrate in B&G System, I am only aware that those cam can be integrated in Raymarine --> CLEARCRUISE   How do you see with that cam, when the sails are Up!  regards Oliver
So happy to see you sailing again.
I would love to know your reasons for registering with Marshall Islands. I used to work for an Open Flag registry and it really interests me the decisions people make
Yeah, time to relax into your new home, enjoy.💖🥂
For the boat tour I'd love to know all the little ins-and-outs: like I think I saw galley shelves that slide out above dish-washer; also what are capped-holes in both one on top of transom (just outside prt davit) and one on top of side-hull just aft of aft-most stanchion?
Welcome to the Philippines! The land of my birth. Enjoy guys!
I'm so happy for the both of y'all!!! Congratulations!!! 🎉🎉🎉 May the Lord bless you both throughout your new journey. ❤
I'm "Curious" 😂
Of course, we want to see a video explaining how your brand new boat got *BIKINI* written on the back of it and how you came to have a laminated flag made of the Marshall Islands. Who wouldn’t want to know? That’s why we’re here. To see the adventure.
I suppose the big question now is ,where to now 😆.
wh w wankers
Nice one guys, the new boat looks great 🙂 Have you got full access internet now ? Can't believe it's been 8 yrs now, since you left the RV
so excited you guys are finally in the Philippines!! my country!! cant wait for you guys to sail around and hope u guys will enjoy the Philippines!😊❤
Where exactly in the Philippines are you?
Yes please, would love to hear about your bikini selection
Bikini? Does this mean you're expats?
Welcome to the Philippines. How you guys enjoyed staying. Cheers.
A few San Miguels might be on the menu.
I appreciate how your new boat isn't tacky garbage... Unlike some others to remain nameless...
make a video about the flag for us land lovers who know nothing about that stuff!!!!!!
I am very interested in the Bikini/Marshall Islands video. Also interested in bikinis😊
Love the beanie! Could you share with us where you got it and if we can get one. 🫶🏼 Thanks!
After watching the builds by GWTW, Ruby Rose and La Vagabonde, I have stopped watching RR and LV (too much complaining - by both - and a dreadfully impractical boat for cruising with young children - even potentially dangerous, IMHO). But I will always watch Jason and Nikki. You are a joy to follow, you always make me smile, and the quality of your video production is simply magnificent. Enjoy your new boat, she is truly beautiful.
I absolutely loved following on your last boat and so glad that we get to get back into the groove of boatlife again.  Your boat is beautiful!
How did the boat go sailing in light wind? Better than your first?
Holy Crap its been 8 years sailing already. I still remember when you were RV’ing it everywhere.
So so excited for you guys !!!! I love your new boat.. SO MUCH !!!! Can’t wait , but you guys also need rest - don’t get sick 😊
So… I’m supposed to comment “more bikini videos” down here? 🤣  Love the daily routine goals! I find I’m most joyful when I have time to wake up with Wim Hof breath work 5 cycles, 20 min vinyasa or stretch routine, and 20 min TM. Then coffee, shower, review my vision board with a shake/vitamins and set 1-2 ‘big rocks’ to work on moving that day. 🎉💪 Get it you beautiful humans! This is the way.
Congratulations on your 1st Passage🍻
So happy for you both❤❤❤❤❤ Love your new home❤❤ She has a beautiful hull color❤❤ Pray for good weather always, incredible sunsets, and stars at night❤  I've been watching your channel from the start after i found you as i was watching the Z crew,  and look forward to seeing more as you continue your journeys❤❤ Much love from SW Texas❤🙏🏼 Say hi to Keith and Renee when you see them again❤ ❤❤
Regarding a projector screen i would try looking at an Australian company Elite Screens. They make a number of outdoor screen options and are sturdy and well built.
Hi Jason and Nikki. I am so incredibly excited for you both to have your new home finally! Which by the way is absolutely stunningly gorgeous.  Jason hasn’t stopped smiling since he set foot on it.   I would like to know why the boats got bikini on it from the Marshal islands.  I love the name curiosity!     Miss you next week however you need time to settle in. We’ll be here    I’m just so stinking happy for you guys   Sending love from Liz in California💜🤟🏻🐬😎⛵️🇺🇸
Lovely home you have there folks. She hatched just in time for the Chinese new year. Y’all may have over heated the ole planning brain cells and energy power ups in your wonderful years of boatlessness but you both packed the decks in your favor by choosing the locales you did. I know I powered up from your beautiful tho exhausting travels. Soo many beautiful videos and photo stills for me. Can’t thank you both enough. Now it’s your time to rejuvenate those tired cells. Hey I thought maybe RV places might carry a hard and fastenable pull down swivel projector screen. Just love thinking of yalls floating siestas to calm me down. Take as long as you need to rest. You may have your bottoms show up next wk knocking at your door.  Saying”Do I live here?, I think I live here!!!” Home home home again twiddle d Dee x2 or 3. Love the Curiosity Bikini name. Good plan.
WOW that is one great looking boat . Can't wait for the walk about  you both look real happy
Ya know when a Clown has those big sunglasses ... Well that's what you look like ... IMO
You look so happy .  I hope you  christened the boat  and I mean with champagne 😂
great to watch...love you guys
Congrats on the new home. Love to see what is in store for your next chapter.
Great video as usual! Love the new boat!
👍🤩💝🎉✨💫
My friend got a thicker sunshade/tent canopy on her boat, it can be used as a projector screen that will save you guys some space
I see you registered your  boat in Bikini.  If you happen to get out in that part of the world I would like to see some footage of Enewetok Atoll. It's not far from Bikini or from Kawajalin. I spent 6 months on Enewetok in 1977 time frame as part of the radiological cleanup team.  Really a pretty part of our planet Steve Lockhart
You might want to consider a portable spandex projector screen for your projector. This product is super light, inexpensive, and can be packed into a very small size. You can easily attach using suction hooks, then remove them when not in use.  Having spent my childhood on sailboats, I derive a sense of living vicariously through your adventures. Safe travels.
It is so cool to see you guys sailing again! I love your new boat. May. You have many adventures aboard Curiousity
It is great to see you guy’s back on the water, congratulations!!
Filipino theme song 😅 Love it
Congratulations. It looks fabulous. Love the colors. Great work.
Philippines ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Interested in bikini
Congratulations on the new boat. It looks fantastic and beautiful. I watched last Sunday's video and I followed the link to AG1 I made my order that Sunday Monday was President's Day and received it the following day. I am hooked 30 minutes after my first drink I could actually feel better I felt really good so it's a hit I'm on the program to receive monthly shipments thank you for making this possible through your video. Peace love and happy sailing my friends
Man you guys rock!  I’m totally interested in why and where you registered your vessel. The tax implications as Americans. Where is your residency if you are full time travelling?
I'm curious about the Bikini registration. I figured it was a convenience thing, they didn't have a curiosity registered and by registering there you wouldn't need to learn a new boat name or add a pesky 2!
Great vid :) Projector SCREENS, I've been considering an inflatable screen. They have their pros and cons, just thought I'd drop the suggestion 🎥😀
Regarding your bed….. have you considered sleeping as the Europeans do, with no top sheet, only a doona. That way you are on,y tucking a fitted sheet on bed change days and then it’s easy to fluff the doona on a daily basis. Congrats to you both on finally getting onboard. Curiosity is beautiful.
Hey forgot to say I hope your "private christening" was so wonderfu and forever memorable!  XO
To be honest I've just been skipping through your vids through this process. Looking forward to vicariously getting back to sailing with you. In a couple years I'll have my own little cat built to sail the Carribean so it won't have to be vicarious.
Just spectacular Nikki. A beautiful magnificent new home. Great job Wynns. Love, love, love!!!
I was so surprised when I seen the Marshall Island flag. My wife is an islander and been wanting to go to the islands with her for years. I would love to hear why you went with the MI for registering Curiosity.
Lived in China for almost 10 years & am not surprised you found a great boat manufacturer there. Chinese people are so wonderful that I married one. Love to know why you chose Marshall Islands for registration. Thanks for your always fun videos of your wonderful lives together. Wo0dy
YOU'RE HERE !!! 🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭..Hope you have a GREAT Stay..lots of Beautiful beaches here.. Congratulations on your successful crossing 👍👍👍💪💪💪👏👏👏👏👏
CONGRATULATIONS.  Two of You at Last. ENJOY!
Congratulations on the Boat. 🎉
I've been bad and forgot about yall since you sold the old boat...but here I am! Mabuhay and welcome to the Philippines!
Hi guys, when you’re in the Philippines if you like fish should try a fish called Lapu Lapu absolutely delicious the best fish I ever tried in the world was good to see the yacht. Curiosity had a good first sail into the first port keep up the good work Cliff from Logan City Queensland Australia 🇦🇺
Why register in the Marshal Islands ?
Very cool. That hydro regen is really cool.
It’s great to see you loving your new boat. I am curious about registering your boat in the Marshall Islands.
Been watching you guys since the beginning of your You Tube travels in the Monaco RV...you've come a long way!  Very happy for you fellow Texans!
i am soo hapi to see you guys first trip on your new boat is philippines. amazing..
Thanks
The new boat is absolutely beautiful. Congrats!
What country is your new boat registered with?
So very happy for you guys! When you first announced selling Curiousity 1, I wondered how long it will take and what you will do in the mean time. I know the wait was long and sometimes frustrating but you guys made it, and had all your other boat/land adventures in the mean time. Now you can be in your natural habitat and enjoy your new home.   One question, is there any way to protect the helm from the elements? I would imagine you'd want a way to stay dry if its raining.
Glad you 2 arrived  safe and sound.
Marshals Bikini info would be awesome! 😅
Love that boat.
I figure registration is because of taxes and regulations.
I'm looking forward to seeing your boat tour in 2 weeks and please let us know how that air conditioning set up is working out for you.
Hell yes why? Be great to know.
I would be very interested in why bikini, Marshall islands. As it ain't far from New Zealand where I am
Lovely boat! I like the goatee...very handsome.
Yup! SO happy to see you on a boat again. Congrats.
When you add in the Covid time as you said, it is one hell of an ordeal you two have gone through. Finally, we can go sailing with the Wynns again.
22:37 yes, please tell why Marshall Islands 🫶 thanks!
i just want to say that your background is beautiful :) Congratulations on your new boat
Nikki you need to share the links to all your cute dresses etc… we would all purchase! 😍
Hi enjoyed the boat run down .. how long do you plan on being in the Phillipines? There’s over 7000 islands hopefully you’ll be able to share a few of them with us Cheers
Maybe try out the Nebula mobile Projector….boat looks amazing…🎉congratulations…
You’re on my side of the world. I hope you enjoy your stay here. Mabuhay😊
Love this! You two are an inspiration to us all! ❤️
What us the reason for the Bikini registration
What do you do when it rains, the helm stations look pretty exposed.  Also, yes please, why the marshal islands
Nikki, a solution for your mini movie theater:  1) Projector:  Contact Riley and Elayna over at "Sailing La Vagabonde".  They showcased a marine-portable projector worthy of consideration.  If you see a Rapido-built orange trimaran somewhere around the So.China Sea, it's probably them.  2) Screen:  I suggest making this out of a 4 ft x 8 ft x 1/8-in sheet of UV-stabilized polycarbonate (Lexan, Makrolon, etc. -- available from sheet stock industrial plastics suppliers even H/H might know of).  Cut to fit, then sand the projection face using 400-800 grit fine sandpaper to have an evenly diffuse surface, then hinge this to the ceiling along one long edge.  To stow, use an adhered velcro grip to hold it flush with the ceiling.   This is simple, waterproof, and easy to clean when doing a deck wash.   Save any leftover sheet stock for other possible boat projects.       Blessings,   S/V Windwalker
Why Bikini.
Hypervent under the mattress?
As Captain Ron said "If it going to happen it will happen out there"  After looking at you boat I am going to buy stock in Windex.  Beautiful windows.  Enjoy...
My wife and I are building a small castle in the Philippines, near Tam Bobo bay very small, but yet a real castle in its own, right when we finish, I would like to start looking for a sailboat and do what you’re doing 😀 you never know it might be necessary to bug out to Fiji 😀🌴🌴🍺🍺 you too, are very courageous
I’d like to know more about why you flagged Curiosity in the Marshall Islands
So happy for both of you!!   HH has done a wonderful job so far!!   If this relatively low problem list continues you'll be the greatest unintended worldwide advertiser for HH that they could ever hope for!!!
Great tax advantages to register the boat in Bikini?
Would be great to hear why you registered your boat in the Marshall Islands.
Just reading about Bikini Atoll on wikipedia, 23 nuclear tests, remains uninhabitable, remnant of the big war.
Yeah, Bikini---why?
You make it all look easy, and very elegant
I’m not sure about the projector part, but a curtain rod and a white sheet would make a nice screen in a pinch :)
Typical leftards. They vote for high taxes for their own families, yet they register their own boat in lower tax places.
Glorious new craft! Congratulations!!
So good to have you guys back in the groove
Nerdy request, @gonewiththewynns, but are you able/willing to share what your boat stamp looks like? I love old-world traditions like that in a digital age, so it's fascinating. If there's a security or privacy reason you can't, no worries, totally get it.
Enjoy your break!!!
We love you guys! This is all so awsome!
Nice boat! Congrats n all that stuff. Retired home theater installer. Perhaps an overhead projector mounted just inside the cabin, on a swivel, to rotate in all direction, specifically fore n aft as Nicky suggests,,a roll down screen mobile so you can mount aft or fore. You  could possibly mount the projector to retract into the ceiling, if space allows, or just hang there, since it'll be out of the way. Your biggest challenge would be speaker placement. Switchable permanently mounted in both viewing areas would be ideal. Good luck.
Thanks guys so happy for you.
Do you get to choose the route for your sea trial, or is it assigned by the company 😊
Absolutely thrilled for you guys and looking to watching your travels! One thing... Since it's a new boat, will Jason be disappointed that he doesn't need to take his caulk out? Ba-dum-tish 😂
Hi, I am a new subscriber I have a question on your Crossing, how many miles were buy sail only versus diesel my wife and I are in the Philippines, near Tam Bobo Bay. Would love to meet for lunch sometime.😀🌴🌴🍺🍺
Projectors use a lot more power than a monitor, and it must be dark to watch, but a monitor works in the day also.
Glad to find you up and at em again. Long-time subscriber, I enjoy your channel. Watching this video, for some reason I contrast it to a moment in time when you guys were crossing the Pacific originally and pretty much having a breakdown.  You glanced overhead into the night sky and noticed a passenger jet overhead, and you were so depressed that you were a speck on the ocean, moving at 5mph. The new boat is pretty.
Love your new boat. Can’t wait for the new journey. Much love and respect and appreciation from Canada.
So happy 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 It’s been such an interesting ride with you.
I have been watching your channel since you were living aboard your first motorhome and I am totally hooked on watching your every video and following your adventures.  I am so very happy for the two of you!!  Your new home is so beautiful and it looks so comfy.  I hope you have many years of happy sails ahead of you.  I look forward to watching the tour in 2 weeks.  :)
Nikki, I'm now waiting eagerly for the "Before & After" shoots.   The best one I've seen is one where the woman took a supplement and lost a tattoo, and changed hair & eye color.
Maybe some seasuckers with eyelets so you can put the screen anywhere.
Excellent  Yes please Jason would love a episode on why you choose to register your boat in the Marhsall island and why ?? and i suspose why there are so many options  Thanks Guys love the episode  Mal
Because a couple other sailing folks have been a part of your sailing and vids, curious if you have heard from them?  Zatara. They know what you guys are doing and even mention your names occasionally in their vids.  They seem to have no plans for a new boat and their kids are heading out.  Just wondering how much yall stay in touch.  The other is Ruby Rose.  Obviously you were with them on their new boat.  They don't seem to be as carefree on theirs as you.  Perhaps just different personalities.  Anyway, the must be watching you.  Everybody learns from everybody else no doubt.  As far as problems with your new floating home, no doubt will be some cropping up and H and H knows it too. They seem to be very into knowing and fixing and improving for the future.  Thanks for sharing all of this.  Sitting on my couch, kicking back and watching is pretty chill without all the concerns and anticipation of what you have.  That being said, my wish is for little to no problems and just getting back to sundowners for you.  Bon Voyage.
I noticed how U were sailing on  anchor almost 180 degr port starb. And back again. It's been a long time since we met in Tonga when U were selling the drone and U were on the hard for a while . I've been in Australia all this time still on board . Sailing with Marcel on Tibi All the best the new boat looks great...
Congratulations guys! Looks awesome! Would love to know why you picked the Marshall Islands 🇲🇭 to register it in! Mahalo
So fun to watch you two in this lovely “Honeymoon” period. Enjoy!!
We would love to know why you chose to register Curiosity in Bikini.
Bikini video would be great 😂
Congrats!   Can’t wait to see what adventures you two get into with your beautiful new boat!
All that planning paid off, sweet, swift and well, electrifying😊
Both of you look so happy.  Enjoy your first weeks aboard HH Curiosity!
Good to hear you both more in the relax side of things now. 🏝️
Bikini
Welcome back to life on the water!  As usual fun and informative and we are curious why Bikini as your home port.  Please do make a video explaining the "why" behind Bikini.  Here's to only minor warranty hiccups.
Enjoy. Relax and decompress. See you in two weeks!
Get to sail South China Sea, new catamaran, visiting part of China very few westerners even get to see, being crowd funded to afford all that, sounds like a charmed life.  I know people get tired, and lots new details come with a brand new sailboat; it can be fatiguing. But complaining about any of that is beyond my understanding, some people lose touch with reality and context with their adopted egotistical sense of entitlement. I know people who lost loved ones in that part of the world while at sea because of high seas piracy. UV protected sail bags and onboard movie night are trivial problems.
I like Bikinis
Hi! I know you're excited to be sailing again, but selfishly, I'm stoked for more SAILING adventures (finally!). Some channels have faster boats, some boats have a bit longer lineage, but none has a cuter/happier crew. It was easy to fall in love with Nikki immediately, and to his credit, Jason consistently proves he's an amazing guy. Well done you two!
I love my boat. I wouldn’t trade her for anything other than her new. 😅  that said I am soooo envious of your power generation abilities!   What a great design!
Wonderful video.  It's so nice to see you both on Sunday mornings.  The color of your boat was a wonderful choice, it's magnificent.  You will be known by your colors.
Nice job.  I love the HH44 with eco drive, just can't afford it right now.  As I am currently looking for a boat I would love to see a video on the advantages and why you chose to register Curiosity in Bikini.
Ha! That's funny, Nikki Nit-Pikki would be fun character (persona) to explore/exploit during these early, new boat reviews. Cheers! Love the new boat!
Vote Yes - why Bikini?
Of course, we want to know why you chose Bikini!
Been watching for years.   I'm wondering about the rain catcher that hasn't been mentioned as of yet on the new boat.. ????
MABUHAY! Welcome to the Philippines!
Avid viewer here from the Philippines, Gomo 55GB with no expiry should only be 600 not 1500 php. Its on their website. There also unlimited data with speed cap of 5 mbps for only 700 per month
Wow! Right on 'Amihan' (northeast wind). Calmer seas up Luzon.
Yassssss!!!
thanks great vids as always
Why dont you get '' Starlink '' ?
Yes, please a video on why boats register home port in marshal islands, or wherever......  Thanks
Awesome I’m a new subscriber my wife and I are in the Philippines down by Dumaguete if you’re in Manila, get away from there as fast as you can lol come down to tam Bobo bay and anchor. Let me know if you do. 😀🌴🌴🍺😫
Interested in why Bikini. Thanks. She’s a beauty. Very happy for you guys
Do you guys have a bible on board.  It's a great read especially during those times when you need an uplifting.
Thank god this turned out to be a new boat happy experience. I don’t think I could have taken another Sailing YouTuber ‘new boat unhappy’ episode like Nick and Terysa’s! I think your experience is a testament to the depth of planning and thought you’ve put in to the decisions you made. Well done - you deserve your happiness - and I’m as envious as hell! 😂
A week? Seriously? Really?
Hello my darlings! I'm just so happy, having watched your vlog from the beginning of Curiosity, plus, that you're feeling good in your new waterborne home!❤❤
that’s an expensive sim…it’s just 300pesos tbh
Yes please a video on boat registration
You guys look great on your new boat - congratulations! So nice to see you back on the water.
I am using a mini portable projector and my rear  sunshade as sceeen. Perfect picture quality
Welcome to the Philippines❤..I hope you visited Palawan…
Great Video as all ways, wonderfull catamaran. Could I ask what is the draft of your now finished HH44.
Bikini Marshall lslands. US Marshalls, no? Just a summary, if you will.
Beautiful new boat congratulations! I’d love to know why you flagged her in the Marshall Islands. Where else did you consider? Was the process complicated? Does where you flag your boat affect your insurance costs? Thanks for the awesome videos
Guys, been waiting with expectation for this video.
Would LOVE a video of why you registered in Bikini!
Something really nice is knowing the other owners of hull #3 & #5 & all the people at the Boatyard (Factory?) and knowing they’re all keeping up with each Boat.  The comparisons will probably be real informative between all of you.  I can’t wait, time just flew by watching this tonight, it seems like it’s been a long, long time……🍀
Hi guys !
So why Bikini?
I am so glad for the two of you getting your new home.  I know how you guys delt with 2 years.  You two need to hug each other as such a wounderful thing came together for you.  Buy the way this is Don the old guy.  Don sends!!!!!
Congratulations...well deserved, and you make it so fun and I always learn something from your videos
Deffo shave it off Nikki 🤭😁
It's awesome to see you two having a seemingly lovely, chill, sail on the new boat. Good luck on the projector for movie night!
Welcome to my country
Yes please… tell us why you registered the boat in the Marshall Islands
Yes we want to know why Bikini and not Dallas. I thought it was cool to have a boat registered in land locked Dallas.
Now that you have departed China, could you access surf shark?
Yes, I want to know why you registered your boat to a barely inhabited atoll that was used as a nuclear test site. This has got to be a good story :)
Tell us about bikini!
❤🎉welcome to the Philippines!! Mabuhay from North Carolina with love! Enjoy your stay in the Philippines 🇵🇭!
Definitely want to know why the Marshal Islands (Bikini) Beautiful beautiful boat
Smiling! Happy to see you guys in the new boat, living the dream so to speak.
@ Nikki or Jason, Could either of you single-hand this boat if necessary?
Have missed the sailing Wynns 🎉 so very happy for you.
Welcome to my adopted hone of the philippines
You both look like you’re bursting at the seams with joy. I’m so excited to watch your new adventures. Been watching from the RV days. Enjoying from NJ
congrats on the new boat. I look forward to your new adventures.  I was curious as to why the Marshall Is. flag, so I would like to see a video regarding your decision to register Curiosity in the Marshall Is.
I am glad everything went well checking in to the Philippines. Miguel is a great guy and will be able to get anything done that needs to get done while in Subic. I was going to suggest getting up to Silanguin Bay. It is pretty well protected and secluded and so close to Subic Bay. Just north is another bay called Nazasa Bay which is also a nice place to hang out but not as protected from winds coming from the west. Royal is where I go to get my groceries weekly and has good produce and a great selection of imported staples. You should go to Texas Joe's for dinner when you are back in Subic. They have great food. If you have any boat needs, Broadwater marine has a decent selection of items and was very close to where you moored when you first arrived. You could take the dingy over to Vasco's boat ramp where there are some docks to tie up to and Broadwater is right there. I am sure you will have a great week unwinding and getting back into the boat life grove.
My favorite boat home port is No Bikini Atoll.
Idk if you talked about it before. But I’m interested in how you receive shipping while traveling the world, like how do you set up shipping addresses/destinations in a place you never been before you ever been there?
I'm super excited for all your new adventures on your new boat!🎉🎉❤❤❤ Sending lots of positive vibes and love to you all, crossing my fingers that nothing happens & she's a perfect ride!❤😂😊
Big contrast to what Ruby Rose 2 whent through their first weeks!!!   I have always felt that HH is top notch 😊
Congrats on your new dream boat!  Looking forward to your future videos.
For movie nite, we use to just use a white sheet on a wall. If you get a 3/4" wood rod and a sheet, this would be easy to store.
Love all your videos congrats!
Mabuhay ! Welcome to the Philippines
Don't want to rain on your movie night parade... And maybe it's not an issue on the water? But aren't bugs an issue? They're attracted to light and then with a BIG screen...? I am very curious to know if this actually isn't an issue, though.
Full tour of HH44?
We could feel your excitement and happiness all the way here in Texas! Again, congrats, and have fun organizing! ❤
Also, on the projector side I would recommend the BenQ TK700 for a great projector in terms of visuals. Most compact "travel" projectora leave a lot to be desired. A quality screen is very important on projectors so don't go cheap on that.
I'm so happy for yall too! -Cliff Battleship Marine Supply  Fairhope, Alabama
Awesome feelings, wonderful people, unparalleled combination!
So happy for you all....that is a beautiful boat and it's so well appointed...
Would love a video about registering in the Marshall Islands!!
So far, loving the new boat. 1. Am wanting to know about the makeup (or make) of the mattresses, 2. Love the idea of the induction cook top. A) do you like how it cooks? B) how do you hold pots  steady in rough seas? C) You fought over whether or not to get a dishwasher, and moaned about the price, 1. does it work well, 2. Was it worth it?
Timing and research collided with that yacht I think. That catamaran is a beauty with amazing functionality, nav, cooking, etc. Very well thought out and it looks amazing.  Was curious to ask how many miles can you sail each day in it?
Its a nice boat. Looks very modern and spacious. I image the HH52 is perfect, but I understand the price increase was a big jump.
Please make a video on boat registration and why the Marshall Islands!  Very interested to know more
Marshal Island Registration Video Please.
Did you have a chance to get those broken parts replaced before H&H disembarked???
I hope your going to spend a lot of time sailing round the Philippines, we are in the long process of refitting an old 30 footer with the intension of sailing round my wife's native country one day. Envious!
Beautiful boat, but the tassels on the dress I thought were curtains!!!
Question ?:  I am 77 and since Covid, I have followed you and a few other travelers closely as I was in the Air Force and loved traveling the world and continued to do so with my wife as we could afford to.  We have camped in every U.S. state and are amazed at the world's beauty. My question is this, our computer engineer son has told me that we don't have a need to pay for a VPN for security, however I would get one if we can do what you are saying at the 12 minute mark is totally as presented, or are there fees and memberships required to do all you said?  I am not questioning your honesty one bit, but want a bit more information before I commit for a year if there are or could be more costs.  Thank you, yours is the second channel I got hooked on when I was trying to virtually and vicariously escape from the lockdown of covid...  NOTE, you and others are retired non movie watching folk's movie night replacement !
You guys are here and even if I dont get to see you or your new gorgeous home. I hope you guys enjoy your stay and discover the beautiful islands of our country.
personally Ill never own a boat but watching you guys for 15 to 30 minutes a week gives me all the joy's of ever owning one, I'm so thankful for what you have to offer , you have given so much back  to the boating community !
Yay! your own home again - you both look so happy and relieved? 🙂 Beautiful view from your living room windows! The boat look amazing at anchor and sailing. So happy for you! *hugs* p.s. I'd love to know why the Bikinins!
WOW! it's always been my dream to sail.... CONGRATS! take care when sailing through South China Sea...
👙👙
I was stationed at NAS Subic Bay for a year and was there when Mt Pinatubo erupted.  I haven't really seen it since leaving in December of 1991.  It's amazing how much it's changed...for the better.  There's some great diving spots in that area.
So happy for you two.  Just love watching your channel and seeing your happiness and positivity!  Keep posting! From Sharbot Lake, Ontario!
Re the projector, we have a Nebula Laser projector. It’s small but powerful, and puts out a great picture. It also stores away really well into a small space. For the screen we did a pop-up screen rather than a pull-down screen that needs to be hung or mounted. When we sail or race our house, all the home-stuff, including the projector screen can be stowed and it’s light. We got fourth in a double-handed race just today! And tonight we’ll celebrate with a movie on a big screen!
Tulasendlesssummer has a short showing what they do for movie night on their cat. I’m not promoting it, just an FYI.😊
I’ll add my congratulations to the others:  I’m so happy for you both and for the blessing you two have enjoyed in the process of waiting for and receiving that beautiful boat.  I applaud you taking time to settle into routines and getting your life aboard settled.  Thanks so much for taking time to tell us your story and for not trying to hide the challenges you’ve faced since you started the process two years ago.  You’re both delightful people and my wife and I enjoy watching your videos on Sunday afternoons.  Blessings on the Wynns and on Curiosity II!
"OK"!   So laugh out loud!  When are you going to get rid of the two died body's on the bow !  I just had to do it! Love the new boat!
Off corce, i have to flag my boat, and im still stureling wish country to do it. Any way not in Europe. I love to hear why Bikini, 😂😂, marshall? May i hope to see it one od this.... ❤❤❤❤
Glad you love the boat!  Can’t wait for the adventures on the water again. Also yes would be interested in a video on or about Bikini(s). 😊😊😊😊
Curiosity is a beautiful boat! Love the design the layout and the decor. So happy for you. Well done 💕
And, I’m going to be super fit and super chill as well. Thanks for giving us the extra week!
yes, why reg there??
Welcome to the Philippines! Do you plan on heading south? if so, stopping in Dumaguete? If you do would love to meet you guys. If not, enjoy the new boat.
As former US Navy sailor I must say I am very interested in hearing tales from Subic Bay that do not involve hookers, tattoos, beer, mystery meat on a stick, and the obligatory initiation/test of manhood of eating balut without puking. LOL
The fact your biggest concerns are Movie night equipment LOL   The boat is working as expected, No surprises! Bravo!
wow  so great T y
We all know how good the boat is but after a few weeks it would be good to hear what you “don’t” like about the boat, and if it’s not to personal the total price, love your content.
❤❤
Girls will never understand the joy boys have doing donuts on land or water.  lmao.
So cool that it's all come to fruition.  I look forward  with anticipation to seeing  your future  journeys ❤
Have you checked out the zipper sheets?  This looks like a perfect solution, if you can get a fit for your mattress.
These two are awkward and out of touch with reality. They are dangerously unaware.
Congrats! The boat looks great! Quick question, what motor do you have for the dinghy?
Surf Shake is useless without a reliable internet service connection
Has there been a video on cost of acquisition and financing alternatives?
Wonderful! Congratulations, Wynns! Here’s to successfully meditating and not thinking about to-do’s. 😅
Very interested in Bikini (s!) too)
Yes, I'd like know your reason(s) for registering your boat in Bikini. My wife and I are move to the UK from the US, and will be having a Widebeam (10') Cat "C" canal boat built, and I'm wondering if there is any advantage to Flagging it in another country.  We will be cruising to Europe and the Med, so there are reasons to be curious. Your thoughts.
Mabuhay.. welcome to the Philippine Islands. Enjoy. Check out my hometown of Cebu if you can
Yes please make a video about boat registration. I would like to know more about this human weirdness.
So it begins… ! So happy you’re back out sailing again. One question tho’, what is a “boat stamp”? I’ve never heard of it. What information is engraved on the stamp?
Beautiful boat! Curious about the open cockpit?  It won't always be sunny and clear.  What do you do then?
You need to get a bettys bed sheet set for that bed
I bought the Anker Nebula Cosmos Laser 4K Projector on Amazon. Unbelievable projector that I use outdoors in our tiki hut. I bring it in after, very portable, tons of apps and crisp clear picture even in moderate daylight. You'll need a screen that fits your space. This thing does up to 120" screen size and the better the screen the better the image
given all the technology on your boat, how are protected from lightening strikes?
So happy for you guys! About internet access, Did Casey take his Skylink when he left? Do you miss it if he did?
CONGRATULATIONS!!! I LOVE YOUR HH44!!!  As Jason suggested,  please do make a video explaining registering (=flagging?) the vessel (why in Marshall Islands), and other legal (& insurance ?) issues related to buying a new (or used) s/v.  And the yellow quarantine flag, destination flag, boat stamp, etc…  Thank you!!  Congratulations!!!
Are you looking at getting cockpit weather covers made?
Please do a segment on why the Marshall Islands!!!
Please provide us with more information regarding why you registered with the Bikini islands
Never been asked for a boat stamp.  Where'd you get it?   What's on it?
What’s your options for staying out of foul weather while at the helm?
A 1 year review  video should be in your plans.
Looking forward to following you guys sailing (again) ❤🎉
She looks beautiful, can't wait for the tour and where did you end up putting the eperb?
So glad you mentioned where you were registered through. I was having trouble finding you on the marine tracking app.
What about the dishwasher, how's it doing? ;) So happy for you both, it's been a wait, hasn't it? Of all the YouTube sailing channels with new boats I think yours is the best and most well-thought-out. Looking forward to your adventures with Curiosity +
I feel so good just watching you both sitting and lounging on the boat. B.e.a.u.t.i.f.u.l.
Lets also talk about your inside helm chair. On the Trimaran you mentioned I believe a Herman Miller task chair. Being a Furniture Guy (chairman), I gotta say, that chair you bought, ain't all that :(. Interested in why a 4 legged chair vs something adjustable.
What brand, and where did you get your "Boat Stamp"? BTW, congrats on your new yacht.
Another thought was what happens when its raining. Curiosity 1.0 seemed to have great weather protection while at the helm during a rainstorm. The new helms seem to be "not so much". I assume its something you've thought about however I'm very interested in what that looks like during a storm.
Now that I know you’re planning movie nights with guests… we will pack our bags!!!! I’ll even cook
Congratulations! 🎉 An amazing journey over the past few years. Boat looks so good. Safe travels. 🙏
Thank you for the insight into your journey
Congratulations y'all!  It's been a fun journey over the years - thanks for including us normies!  Here to raise my hand and vote for a future video topic: why the bikinis?  22:26   Thanks!  Blue skies and following winds to y'all, forever!
Wow, it's such a great boat! Congratulations.🎉🎉 A tip when making your bed; start at the far end first and move down down so you don't have to wrestle the sheets while you're on top of them :)
I spent some great times in Olongapo, Subic City and the Barrio! All while I was in the Navy in the late 80's. Very few of them could be shared in this forum. Have a few San Miguel's (Local Beer, 6 flavors to a six pack!) for us!
Projectors: I have opinions! (I've been passionate about them for about 30 years... Heck, I'm old...)  General: * Light source: Go LED, or Laser. Either of which will have a lifetime of something like 20,000-40,000 hours. Any form of traditional/hallogen bulb will not last well with the movement of the boat, and only has something like 1,000-4,000 hours of life in optimal conditions to begin with.  * Display technology: Normally I'd recommend DLP or DMD for brightnes, colour, contrast, and pixel response time. But given salt water's propensity for getting everywhere, it might be worth considering LCD instead. The DLP/DMD chip is usually in an encosed environment, but if salt did work its way in there, the chip would get destroyed very quickly. LCDs have come a long way since the early days, so the sacrafice may not be as big anymore.  * Pixel shifting: I always thought that I'd be against this.... Until I tried it. Now I'm not sure that I would ever buy another projector without it. I'm not sure if any LCD based projectors come with pixel shifting. Note that different brands call it differnet things. So. The premise is that there is a tiny sheet of glass in the optics that is moved very slightly using electomagnets. This causes the whole image to shift in one direction by half a pixel. Many projectors implement this for both the x & y axis. The effect is that it fills in the gaps between the pixels, and creates the illusion of a higher resolution/detail than the chip actually has. Implementattions vary significantly, my current Viewsonic X10-4K projectors are stunningly good. By comparison, I also had some 4k Aaxa projectors that looked like a $25 digital camera from the supermarket.  * Mount: I'd normally recommend a fixed mount. On the sea, it might be worth considering something removable, or coverable, or a cooled enclosure, to reduce the salt exposure.  * ANSI Lumens (brightness): Go as high as you can, while having the choices of technologies that you want. DLP + LED/Laser will be slightly brighter for a given Lumens value than and LCD, or bulb projector. In a dark room 700 is plenty. 2400 is too bright for me in a moderately lit room. If you want to compete with direct sunlight, nothing will be enough.  * Screen: I always use a wall, so I can't recommend any specifics. I'm particular about the wall being white, matte, and non-reflective. There are screens on the market that reject a lot of ambient light, which could be really good. Reviews are often excellent, and will compensate **a little** for a lack of brightness. But I haven't used them myself.  * Throw ratio: "How far do you have to have the projector from the screen to achieve the rated size?" Smaller number = shorter distance = better for tight spaces. I suspect that ~0.8 will suit you well.  * Power supply: Battery powered projectors exist. Performance tends to be significantly lower for the price. But the efficiency might be interesting on the boat. I've never seen a positive review for one.  * Auto-focus: An effective way to limit the life of your projector. If you have the option for manual while having everything else that you want, I'd take it. Which ever way you go, make sure you do your final calibration when it's warmed up (eg 10 minutes in, and maybe a little adjustment 30-60 minutes in.) On subsequent times, it will be blurry when cold, so just let it warm up before making any more adustments.   Specifics: * Viewsonic X10-4K: Excellent performance. They are not competant at fixing their own products. After 4 attempts trying to get a some problems fixed with one of the projectors, I gave up when the projector finally came back with fewer problems than before I began the process. Reviewers complained about them being DIM. I think they must have had HDR turned on, because I can't get them to go DIM enough for my eyes.  * Aaxa (Sorry, I can't rememeber the model): I had two of these. One worked "meh", while the other was the same, while being out of focus on the right half of the image. I suspect that it got damaged in shipping, but I didn't have any avenue to get it resolved quickly, so ended up returning them. It's possible my experience would have been much more favourable if this had been resolved.  * My remaining expeience with brands is too old to be helpful for this conversation.   I keep thinking of more knowledge to dump on you. I'll stop here. If you're curious, you can see my projectors in action. Take a look at "My dream office" on my channel.  I hope that helps. Feel free to ask questions.
she looks less like a "boat" than a "ship," lol. like, she looks BIG, with the ability to cut through some really crazy seas if she has to.
Congratulations at long  🎉😊 you have been fantastic and passionate about life on the water enjoy your new journey Andrew Australia cronulla sailing club
I agree with the tearing up, the watched 3 times and all. I further want to comment how much better the rearward view is and how low your dingy rides compared to Curiosity 1.0. So question, is your "deck" sit higher than Curiorsity 1.0 or does your, agreeably, much lower profile new dingy, sit that much lower?  Also, As your new boat is also Curiosity, did the new owners of Curiosity 1.0 change the name?
Relax and enjoy your beautiful new boat! 🤩😍😘
Jason - Yes please explain BIKINI!  Very interested in that.  So happy for you two.  It's a beauty!  You always showed interesting content but I'm glad to be back to seeing sailing adventures!
Good to see you two back in the grove again. Happy seas 👍🏼
So excited for you guys! I’ve watched you since your first RV.
>>>    Please PLEASE get rid of the big sunglasses.  Why do U want to cover that beautiful face?  That's the first thing I noticed (sorry).  As far as finding your groove, as long as U have expectations, the opposite will happen.
I cried as well when Jason said on the last video “ I never dreamed I’d own a boat like this”.  I have been lucky enough to have a dream realized as well.  I’m so very excited for you two and can’t wait for the tour.
Re the bed sheets: as a camper did you try Beddy’s Beds? The top sheet simply zips and unzips so you’re not having to tuck the sheets in. It’s still a pain when you wash and put them on fresh, but in between it practically eliminates the wrestling match. Not cheap, but I’ve found them to be a great improvement on regular sheets.
Yea... that is really a beautiful boat.  Please make the video about why you chose to register in Bikini please.
Lots of love I'm so happy to see you both so giddy with joy❤❤ Best video in a long time! What a gorgeous catamarran❤❤ welcome home to your Curiosity🎉🎉
Well done guys, have a nice break, you deserve it & I look forward to the boat tour👍
Good day  so happy for you all but be safe. Looking forward to your adventures.  Yes the bikini  please
Yes, I'd be really interested to find out more about registration in the Marshall Islands and also bikinis
Congrats!!!    Just get a cheap consumer grade projector.  They're plentiful and cheap to replace.  The tight fitting mattress probably helps reduce engine noise.  Recommend keeping it tight.  It may loosen up a bit over time too.  Biggest practical question is INSURANCE.  British flag like Cayman Islands may make insurance cheaper.
Guuuurl, those white sunglasses need to fall overboard.  They look like the front windows of a bus.
The folks at Our Way to Roam mounted magnets in their bus ceiling at different spots so they could put up the screen and projector at different spots.
please make a video about why you registered in bikini
This is a "very nice" boat...👍 It's well-designed and appears to be comfortably livable...and cruiseable (if that's a word)..😂 but I think you know what I mean... anyway... good choice Nikki and Jason...👏 Looking forward to your future adventures... smooth sailing..🤟
Excellent choice of hull color and all colors on the boat. Nice job Nikki. Super jelly!❤
Drop a note on your calendar for a year from now so you can do another "impressions" video ;)   Truthfully, you guys seem incredibly rich (actually even on your old boat)  which makes it difficult for me to relate straight across. No envy, just different. Our 50 ear old mono-hull is still a wonder for us and in this part of the world (Georgia Strait) there are really no moorings for cats anyway. So enjoy your new home.... see ya next week.... Practice saying "Salamat" (thank you) if I say more I will spell them all wrong  :P   but you guys will probably pick up Tagalog faster than I can even living with it for over 20 years.
That rear lounge looks so comfy. The new boat is lux. There are a lot of portable short throw projectors out there which you could sit on the table which would work fine. Your props are really hydro, very cool to have solar and hydro.
You guys look so relaxed now that you are home again. Bring on the new adventures!
Texas Joe's is the place to eat! Red Horse beer is strong (7%) where San Miguel Pale Pilsen (5%) is a better tasting beer IMO. San Mig (light) is weak... like any light beer. Oh, and Nikki's "projector" is Jason's "Dishwasher!" 😂
Are you considering taking part in the Elcano Challenge?
I have been following you from the very beginning. What a tribute to you that I am as excited for this new  beginning as if you are brand new to me…and that is not so for everyone I follow….cannot wait to see what is just around the corner! Your filming is superb, energy palatable, and you continue to give this world hope and decency!
Please no boosters > Fair winds .
Try Rayes bbq when you are in PH very tasty.  So good to see you start on a new boat to kick back and restore some sanity
Such a lovely boat, you guys are fantastic! You have been through the wringer & came out the other side nicely pressed! You have nothing but wonderful days ahead and it couldn't happen to nicer people. You share so much of yourselves that it is so good that you take time to settle in and enjoy your beautiful new home. I've watched you for years and ALWAYS enjoy your content. Beautiful people making beautiful vlogs. Nicely done your two!
Hey, Guys. Loving the new boat and can't wait to see all the new tech. My recommendation for a projector would be the Samsung Freestyle Gen 2. As for a screen, anything that is blacked out at the back of it will do fine in my opinion and fits your intended space of course.
I would be really interested in seeing a video on documenting your vessel, outside of the United States. We have a 50 foot catamaran in Florida so it's probably too late with this boat but maybe next? Would there be any benefits with insurance when we start cruising the world?
Welcome to the Philippines!
Beautiful boat, much better and more innovative than the Seawind. The design is so clever and ergonomic.
Can't wait for the boat tour!
Congratulations  A beautiful catamaran,  love it 😊 Sail on.
Luv your new boat,and can't wait to see the boat tour. Again Congratulations.
Would love to know about marshal island base reasoning
Congrats and welcome home . May you have many a movie night.
So happy for you guys.  This was a long time coming and it's great to see you finally getting back into things.
Registering in the Marshall Islands because of taxes
I can't describe how happy I am for the two of you to be back on the water in your new boat (which is absolutely beautiful!).  Though it's been 40 years for me since my last visit, I hope you enjoy the beauty, culture, amazing food  and, most importantly, the wonderful people of the Philippines, as I did.
Explore and enjoy my beautiful country. Stay safe always. 🥰🩷😍
You made it! So happy for the two of you🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉enjoy! what a beautiful place to anchor! The boat is just awesome!
Bikinis!!
I watched you last video 10 times in anticipation of this weeks show , and it was great, I also thought your motor was a little loud last week thanks for the explanation.
That electric tender. 😅
hi Nikki and Jason you have a great boat, we look forward to your adventures with curiosity. Jason did you find out what that part was on you found on the trampoline  on the crossing
Get a demountable one that can be fitted in any of those locations with velcro or command hooks. for the beach a couple of lightweight drainage tubes. which can push together to make a frame. Easy to stow.
I took a break from working on income taxes to watch your video. I'm glad someone is having a good time. Fair winds to you both!
Hi from NZ You guys have come a long way since selling your old cat in NZ. Chill and get to know your new home . God Bless  Cheers from "MS Matakana" Omokoroa   NZ
As an electrical engineer, I thank you for speaking in terms of power (watts) and not current (amps), which is only meaningful at a specific voltage. ❤️
milyon dolarlık tekneye bedavadan sahip olsam benm içinde herşey on numara olurdu tabi
Hello Jason and Nikki, I figured I'll put my two cents in on projectors. I can't say for marine grade, but I currently use a Epson Home Cinema 1060 and from the years that I have had it haven't had many complaints. The only suggestion is if you go for a projector always keep a spare lamp bulb for it cause they can blow without warning sometimes.
Interested in the process and choices for registering in a specific country as well as the rules of flying flags at different ports. While you’re giving a boat tour….how about telling us how you plan to keep that place clean? It seems more windows, more locker space, etc - but you have the same amount of time! I’m sure like us RVers, you discover secrets to make it go fast and keep it tidy. LOVE the boat! So great to see y’all so excited!
It's definitely nice being rich when it comes to sailing. Most channels are on cheap boats and it's endless problems. Watching this channel now on this brand new boat is a huge contrast.
Yes please
do the Bikini thing please Jason xx
Really glad to see you both finally home. The boat looks fantastic. Jason glad to see that your shirt matches the boat 😉
Yes...Why Marshall Islands would be nice.
Just need some new kids to live on that new boat and you'd be all set.
THIS MAKES ME SOOOO HAPPY!!! I love living vicariously through your adventures. My husband and I are moving out of state this week. Its been a whirwind. But Im so excited for OUR next adventrue. Heading to Texas where 4 of our 7 children live. Heading out to be with 8 of our 14 grandkids. Whoop Whoop. I love a good adventure!!! I love being able to be a part of yours!!
Congratulations
So glad you all are back in business!  Following your sailing adventures in how I got hooked on you a couple of years ago.  Can't wait to see what you all are up to next as I live vicariously through you all:)
I'm so excited for what's next...I already have Sunday mornings reserved for Curiosity!  100% excited!
Make a video about how you should register and in what country. I want to know the best country for low wages, and where workers have less rights so I can exploit them on my personal yacht. Real talk want to see more of that process because "paperwork" is done all the time when yall do taxes etc and I want to know more about it
I'm smiling the hole video through, I am so happy for you 2, and I agree get a 4k projector, with a fix and potable screen at least 80inch and up, can't wait for the passage sail.
So excited that your new boat is so amazing. Yes, take a week and take care of yoursleves.
So far, nobody has mentioned the most burning unaddressed issue:  Are you going to repopulate your friendly feline crew?
As I commented last week Marshal islands?? Fine, but why US nuclear test island of Bikini? So yes please make a video as to why, and as this is boat number two, please don't tell me it has a reference to Castle Bravo.
I would like to hear about the Bikini Marshall Islands decision. Thanks for the videos
At this point Ruby Rose had over 10 warranty claims. I would much rather have your boat over all the Catamarans in the 44' plus category up to 50'.  Are you planning on any covering for bad weather for helm areas?
The Samsung Freestyle is an amazing projector... they also come with a waterproof carry case 🤙🙏🦈
Congrats on your first passage. Its good to see you back where you belong.  I am very curious about your Marshall Island registration.  Here's my vote in favor of a discussion video about that.
Time to get accustomed to your boat is great. And time for yourself?
Would to know why you registered there. We love your videos.
Watching from my motorhome in the AZ desert wilderness. You two are my Sunday ritual. I am so happy to see how relaxed and calm you both are out on the water again. I can just feel your stress floating away!
I want to hear your Bikini Atoll Marshall Island reasoning. I think I know but, I want to be sure. I hear there was one hell of an ALAKABLAM there not too long ago. Do they accept asylum seekers?  "RMI citizenship recognized by other nations". Not a trick question, perked my curiosity as you two often do. We all know you will record during this week you desperately need by yourselves.
Interested in how the dishwasher works. If all goes well, i may install it in our travel trailer that is our home.
I want to hear about why you went with the marshal islands please.
Yes please do tell us why you registered in Marshall Islands.
Re :projector - My computer "monitor" is a 43inch 4K T.V.  It may be impractical for sail unless you fold it up and out of the way - but my point is , for you and your viewers , you don't need an over priced monitor for your computer/laptop.. Plus, my screen is so big I sit over four feet away from it. To see all the things you would see on your laptop on a 43 inch....it's very cool. (wireless key and mouse; I control it from all over my studio) Biggest laptop ever. My insurance guys jaw dropped when he saw it. "That's your computer ?" yup
The difference between your acquisition and Ruby Rose’s is so vast! They’ve had disaster after disaster with Theresa at the end of her rope, and here’s you guys just keeping the flow! Well done!
Glad you"re happy. You deserve it!
Be careful you two... you better have a few LOADED firearms aboard... Piracy is at an all-time high and you two are prime targets... Be diligent, locked and loaded!!
I am so happy for your guys. Enjoy your new SV.
Do not like that helms seat.  You will see how it works out.
I would love to understand why you registered in the Marshall Islands
CONGRATULATIONS! As a Cinematographer, electronics and sailing geek, no high end electronics can survive 'afloat'. An 'outdoor' projector with a removable mount. An 'outdoor' MANUAL screen mounted inside and protected. 1 side of screen FOR A removable outdoor cockpit projector mount w/ cabling. 1 side of screen for removable indoor cockpit projector mount and cabling where it is stored on the ceiling. Think video camera quick mount or near flush sliding bride plate mounts. Just spit balling.  Good luck.
hi guys.  would love to hear about the bikini rego as i will want to buy a new boat at some point  thanks guys.
The episode it took 2 years to get.
What I can't help but notice are your smiles and downright giddy grins.  That in itself speaks volumes.  Sort of reminds me when my students solo an airplane for the first time, it is just this smile of pure joy, and relief that you just can't help.  You grin so uncontrollably that it actually starts to hurt after a while!  That's what it looks like to me for you two. What an incredible journey to get where you both are now.  I too would have a grin plastered on my face 24x7!  Relax, and bask in your accomplishment.  Really, really happy for the both of you!  It's been fun to watch.
Have a good break you deserve it, moving “house” is stressful enough let alone having to get going so fast take time to relax and enjoy your new boat ⛴️
Get. Some. Rest ❗ WE can wait a week. I repeat, Interested in the Marshal Islands registration as we get ready for our turn. Thanks, Did I say....Get Some Rest ??
Do you have a sheltered helm when there is bad weather
Yes BMI, please
I'm not a sailor but I enjoy watching people get stuff done and have a great time doing it. Your story is also a nice contrast to Nautistyles and their motor yacht adventure. Me, I'd be a little Bering explorer guy. Keep pumping out the happiness.
Your effervescence speaks volumes about your boat, well done 👍
Mmm also I have the Meta Quest 3 VR/MR headset 128gb.  Which I have really been enjoying. Fyi it has pass through ie live video of your surroundings in MR.  Great for YouTube videos at 4k with spacial sound or music videos. On the built in Meta browser.  Fyi.
So a dishwasher was a luxury but now you're longing for a home cinema ?! Too funny. Dunno if your nav system would support it, but look into linking to a digital projector as an MFD .
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Very interested in BIKINI, MI !! Thank you.
7:25 The episode isn't over for me yet, so im still hopeful, but right here was a perfect spot for a couples release kiss. Just that line about surviving the drama of covid im sure touched many other peoples hearts. I found you guys during covid and set out to pursue my dream surfing the shaky employment to full on unemployment of the Covid experience. My rides not quite over but the fear and unknown are far behind. I have set course for a destination glaringly clear with riches beyond my belief to be sure. The wind behind my sails my eta now only months away. CHEERS 🎉 PS i figured u guys didn't kiss often enough because of all the stress of these past 3 years, but now ... Well you know what this song could use more of?
You’ve come such a long way since the rv days, and I am enjoying your videos just as much now as then!
I own a Ben Q projector. It’s amazing. 3300 lumin. Works on our wall. Basically you get what you pay for. You can buy projectors for 80$ all the way to 6000$. We can use it during the day without blacking out the windows. Ours is around 1000$ Canadian. Our picture is quite amazing. Blacks can be difficult but like I said, you get what you pay for. It’s a short throw too. So it can be 1 to 6 or 7 feet away.  It’s not battery powered so it may not be what you’re looking for but I’m sure there is some useful info in this message. Good luck and congrats.
I was wondering about your registration change, too.  I'd love to learn more about the reasons the Marshall Islands is a frequently used location.  Maybe if you feel it's too much for 1 specific video you could make some little segments that could be added to your main video. And again, Super, Mega, Ginormous CONGRATULATIONS on your new floating home!  I hope she brings you many #Wynning adventures!!
I JUST LOVE HOW SLEEK SHINY CLEAN AND COMFORTABLE NEW CURIOSITY IS. I DO HAVE TO SAY THOUGH...THERE WAS SO MUCH FOOTAGE OF YOU GUYS SITTING AT " CAPTAINS" CHAIR IN FRONT OF STEERING WHEEL ON OLD CURIOSITY, SO I AM EXCITED TO SEE NEW " COMFORT ZONE  BEHIND THE WHEEL IN UPCOMING VIDS...I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THE POWER GENERATION OF NEW INNOVATIVE MOTORS AS JUST LIKE NICKI  I LOVE ELECTRIC EVERYTHING YOUR NEW KITCHEN IS SO AWESOME AND WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE BUILT IN EXPRESSO MACHINE... YOUR ALL ELECTRIC KITCHEN KICKS THAT " CRAZY LOVE" CAT IN THE AURSE 😂😂😂😂 LOVE YOU GUYS🌈🌎❤️😁💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋
100% would love to know about the bikini registration. Looks like you are having a better brake in the Ruby Rose have had so far😎😎😎🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺
So very happy for you both!! I cried when you sailed away - it's finally happening
Nikki, if you cut the bed, what happens to the soundproofing do you think?
Did I miss why she's not Curiosity 2 or Too?
Way to Go!
Your choice of topside colour is breathtaking and inspired. You have done H&H a real favour. Congratulations.❤
Nikki, why didn't you tell us if it feels good :)
Welcome to the Philippines.  Beautiful new home.  Congratulations.
Here in NZ last year Samsung marketed their Freestyle projector. Only up to 1080 hd though. It looks like a round telescope, small. They used to show people at a bbq etc using it.   There is a 2nd gen version now.  I didnt buy one at around nzd 1700.  I was also looking at the vertical laser ones which can do 4k. Lots of reviews of those here on YT.  Rgds. Laurie NZ
Loving the new boat!  And so excited to see you guys sailing again!  My husband's company work makes projection screens that would be perfect for your boat. I'm going to email you, so we can see if he can help you. :-)
If you want budget projector the epson 1080 , down a bit noise,  to have the best of the epson you need a good screen whit anti réflexion whit white screen or gray screen whit the last one you will have better black .   Epson epiqvision mini ef12  But if you want the best for the budget projector  4k is the projector bluetooth yaber k2s 800 ansi wifi 6 by jbl but you need to know that the color performance is not quite good enough but it's not expansive so  for the money it's the projector you want.    Now if you want something better 4k uhd is the LG projector laser cinebeam hu715qw 4k usd 3840 x 2160,  2500 ansi lumens ,ultra court ,webos , appel airplay 2 , stéréo 20w+20w integred for around 2400 $ usd .   Whit the screen vividstorm ust screen . They are specialy designed for this kind of projector.    Epson 3800 or 4010 are for me a good choice whit a good vividstorm screen for around 6000 $ and it's for life .   Final advice take your time and ask a lot of question . The quality . Longue term performance whit the lumens,  noise and a good sound bar to go whit . It could cost 10 k or 2500 $ . The screen size will be around 120" to 150 " . Good luck and respect your budget you want to put . Small budget the lg projector around 600 $ and vivid screen for 1000 $
Your new boat looks amazing...
yes I  like to hear your rationale for registering in the Marshall Islands.
Dive and relax,  Darwin, Philippines.
How long do you have to submit warranty claims on the new boat?
Was anybody else waiting to see if she was going to get those tassles spinning? 🤣
Nikki Bikini???  interesting lol
Yep - why the Marshal Is registration?
I hope you two carry a weapon of choice ?
Deciding where to register your boat is a somewhat confusing subject, especially for us “land lubbers”. I don’t really think I fully understand because I always thought it was your country of origin. I would love to hear Jason or Nikki explain the process and the reasoning behind their choice.  So YES please! 🙏  And if Nikki would like to explain her choice of bikinis I wouldn’t object to that either. Lol
Your boat is by far the prettiest new boat I have ever seen out there. LOVE the HH. thank you for sharing with us.
Please make a video on your choice of flag state.
Till you can get what you want for movie night get you an energy efficient big tv as you can afford for efficiency as possible for the time being. Don't know if that is a good idea around so much salt atmosphere. Oh well do what you think is right.
You already are super chill and super fit!! You have handled all of this so well. Congrats on your beautiful boat!
Very interested in bikinis lol the island ofc
You are both Americans so I don't understand why the boat is registered in Bikini,  Marshall Islands.  That makes no sense to me.
How is the visibility from the Helm?  Looks like you could use some cameras and a monitor added to your Helm area. I just viewed the portion of the video about the helm visibility...  You never know what lies in front of you (sea container) etc..  I would  be installing 2 cameras upfront and a camera on each of the pontoons at to view things in the water by a monitor attached to your Helm area.  I do not like the lack of visibility with the Helm in the back of the boat - just me. The Boat looks Fantastic! congratulations you two! We missed you!
You have chosen the best boat of the several I have seen purchased by other video cruisers. Best wishes.  By the way, the tassels kept my interest.
You both are very deserving individuals, and talented, and funny, and........ well, I could go on and on and on. So, so, happy for you both..... CONGRATULATIONS! I am sure whatever mishaps come your way (As there are always mishaps with boating), you both will handle them in fine fashion as you always do. Glad to see you both enjoying life to the fullest, hard work pays divedends. She is a BEAUTIFUL BOAT. Smart to have the owner of the next hull # with you, I am sure you both will be sure to stay in touch with each other for obvious reasons. Be well Niki and Jason. BTW, when do the kids come into the picture..... just curious. You guys will make awesome parents!
So happy you guys got you boat now. Have great adventures you guys. I love your shows.
Not that I could ever leave my family for weeks, but do you think you'll be doing the patreon guest crossings thing again?  like when DJ Dives or Kate travelled with you guys etc.
Yes, please a video about Bikini :)
When you go ashore do you have to close up all the Boat.
Amazing 👏 😅👍
Let's see that Bikini video!😜
😄😄😄👍👍👍👍👍
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
It is really unbelievable at how FAR you two have come.  I started watching you when you were in your RV and there's a GREAT chance I've never missed an episode since!   On another note.....  Just think, you guys have been basically homeless since the starting of Covid!  MAN!  And even kept your business up and running and even being profitable.  Just think of the THOUSANDS of businesses that have closed their doors mainly because of Covid.  You guys are STRONGER than you even know.  There's not ONE person here who's not VERY PROUD of you and who you've become.  This was just ONE MORE video that I didn't want to end AND I'm bummed that there wont be a video next week....  SAD face.....   BUT, I totally understand that you guys need to organize and do other things on your NEW HOME than make YT videos.  Again, SOOOOO PROUD of you two!!!!  Stay SAFE!!  🙂
That was so nice seeing you both smile so much compared to other videos where the stress levels were through the roof.  It's clear that then learning curve on this new model is a lot more than your old boat was, but then you also have a lot more cool stuff on this boat too that will make your life easier once you learn how it all works for your daily routines.  I know what your going through with the too large mattress all to well.  In our 42 foot Fifth Wheel home, we bought a normal king size mattress (because the sales guy said it was "Full Size" like a normal mattress.  Unfortunately it was actually 3 inches narrower than our new Sleepy's Deluxe model is, but we make do.  We have to do the same bounce and shove with the sheets, but they stay in place once installed. Take care and stay safe...
Cool runnings and Mabuhay
Buy a cloth screen made for projectors. They come in various sizes and you can make a frame using collapsible tent poles or strategically placed bungee cords. I just so happen to be watching you on 120 inches. 😂
Love your new boat its gorgeous
You can try using a spatula to tuck the sheets on the mattress.
I have been watching you two since your were driving the Tiffin motorhome to Alaska.  You two have had are amazing.
Great video! We love the dual helms and no bridge deck. We regularly deliver Nautitech Open catamarans and at first I didn't think I would like the dual helm and now we'd never have a catamaran with a bridge deck. Just our preference. Your boat is beautiful, so glad all is well. Namaste .🙏
I don’t know the real name but they have zippered sheets and blankets for RVs.  I wouldn’t if they would work on the boat.
Wonderful!
If you're heading north to Japan, let me know! Fair winds!
A wild David Brent!
Just looks awesome 👍👍👍
Hi guys, WOW, we are really enjoying your Vlogs about your new boat. Would love to see a full tour of if....all the decks and below in the pontoons.
You might want to look at the Nomvdic 300 projector. Portable, cordless battery powered with a pretty good built in speaker.
Wow, the more I watch this the more I'm so stoked! What an incredible boat! Super excited for you guys!
So happy for you two.  A big sigh of relief.  I felt it.  Are you going to try to meet up with Riley and Elayna (LaVegabond) while in the Philippines?  I know it is big with lots of islands but I think they are still there someplace.
Yes please, make a video on why you chose Marchal islands as your home port?
Im so stoked for you guys!!! :)
Amazing choice of Cat, your boat seems so MUCH BETTER than Ruby Rose Two? Could you do a comparison? 🙏💕🌎👍
We’re pretty happy with this projector.  It’s really portable, battery-powered, has apps built in, and is pretty bright.  We’re land-bound but I think it’d work:  Anker Nebula Capsule 3.
Why not project the movies on the sails you’d have a huge screen
I remember subscribing years ago on your Class A travels, Thanks for taking us along for the journey.
Why the reg. In the islands is a big question
I'm happy and excited that you are sailing in the Philippines, my favourite country in the world. Enjoy your stay, you will be amazed by the wonderful and friendly people, there.
I hope you have new seals for the forward windows when they start to leak which they will 100% Good luck guys
Is there a place to steer and be out of the wind and rain?The boat is crazy gorgeous! How's the dishwasher Jason :) Do ya love the kitchen Nikki? Blessings to you and many wonderful adventures.
Definitely interested in the Marshall Island video.
I'd be interested in hearing why you guys registered in Bikini.  I know flag of convenience is a hot topic is commercial shipping (and aviation, for that matter,) so I'd be interested in hearing what the benefits are for private vessels.  Love the new boat!
congratulations, the first week I ever watched your show was when you both were taking a sailing course from some lady on your first Cat!  Guess we can call you both master sailors now!
Yes please. Tell us about your choice of Bikini.
Congratulations on your first trip sailing on your beautiful catamaran, thank you for sharing and take care of yourselves.
life is a DREAM.
Yes explain Bikini
Make a video of why you registered in the Marshall Islands.
HEY FOLKS!!  Greetings from the shores of Lake Huron!!  Such a well deserved voyage with your new sailing vessel!! Truly a "class act" from what I saw these many episodes about the boat builder and their amazing employees!! Your skill with storytelling and the video from China and surrounding areas was nothing short of "EPIC"!!  Safe travels and I will continue to be entertained with your great footage from around the globe!! Greetings from Canada!! GIDDYUP!!
I know this is my second time saying this, but this is the best new boat I've seen in a long time. I love the open spaces, the color combinations are great! Love this Cat!
Have you put a security system on the boat?
❤your boat ❤ from 🇨🇦
It definitely feels good seeing u guys settling in your boat and being happy, enjoy it🎉🎉
Aaaaaannnnnnnnddddd ... breeeeeeaaaaaattttttttthhhhheeeeeeeee!
Crazy. You’re already on your new boat. Can’t wait to see some snorkeling, diving and the new dingy in action😂❤🌊
You guys have come a long way.  I remember when you guys were trying to figure out how to use a portable air compressor to fill up your RV tires.
So nice to see you both so happy.
Congratulations on your new home! It's so nice to see you both together, now ready to adopt some new routines. The boat looks wonderful. Were there any features on Curiosity 1 that you miss?
Yes, I'd like to know about the decision of where to register. Bikini is great, presumably for good reasons.
Ok, so the big question is….hows it with the dishwasher?
Well, I don't know about you, but I would be really, really happy! Lol!
Big congrats on a major achievement and milestone in your life! Looking forward to the boat tour...and your super fit doubles!
Wonderful! I'm really interested in the registration on the Bikini Island and look forward to a video on that. Glad there were no big boat and sailing drama to start of with like Ruby Rose 2 and La Vagabond new boats.
amazing work!!! yall are pros at being yourselves. Love it.
10/10 for the perfectly timed "that's what she said"
I've been really impressed with my Texas instruments micro projector
👙 Yes, Jason, Bikini(s)!
Lets be Gone with the Wynns- cant wait for your future vids. Nice team work - Noticed everyone had an item of clothing matching the boat colour
As they say in Turkiye, '' Gule Gule Kullanın'' means '' Wish you always have smiles when you are using it''.
Can the props be powered by just the batteries for a time?
congratulations on your new home
Per your request — please do make a video for the bikini (flag story).  Thanks for everything you do for us all.
Projector Recommendation: I have the Samsung Freestyle Projector.  It is compact, the resolution is great, and the built-in speaker is very good, especially for the overall size of the product.  It comes with a Samsung remote and protective case that holds everything, but I purchased a slightly larger aftermarket case to be able to hold a 10' extension cord.  You can also purchase the battery pack that connects to it for remote viewing if there isn't a power source nearby.  I take it to hotels whenever my wife and I travel. It projects on any light color (preferably white) surface, like white walls or even the ceiling when you're laying in bed.  It's like traveling with a 100" Samsung TV wherever you go.  Totally recommend.  Safe travels.
as a non sailor your boat seems very large for two people to handle, especially if the going gets a little tricky.
Movie stream use a white sheet and you can see the movie from both sides
Yes make a Bikini video
Bikini - Marshall Islands... a reason why video, would be great
You guys always make me smile!  Thank you!
Sorry for my thumbs , cute creative couple !👍
Enjoy the rest  So happy to see you both in your home ❤❤ what a ride ❤😁
Congratulations!!! I know it’s been long overdue!! Take time to digest everything, enjoy your new baby, and time is of the essence. We are all here excited about your future, but it’s important to let the dust settle, and let reality sink in. Your audience loves you both, and I personally think your a cutie creature couple that brings a new perspective on all of us about how we share this thing called life on this beautiful planet. God’s Blessings upon you going forward!
Yes please comment on why you selected Marshal Island as registration.
Do to bugs would you want to put your projector inside and project onto a sheet outside the window? This way the bugs stay outside (assuming you close the windows and doors). On land I do it this way (from inside my house) because it minimizes the bugs and exposure my projector gets to the elements. And the flat sheet I use can easily be washed and stored anywhere.
Are there any concerns about pirates in open sea nowadays, specifically in Southeast / Gulf of Thailand area where piracy was rampant during the 70's / 80's?
I noticed Casey's t-shirt has the Hampton Yacht Club pennant.  This is my located in my home town of Hampton, Va.  While not a boat owner I have been by the yacht club on many occasions.
Make sure to get a projector with maximum lumens,  I bought a cheap one and you can only see it in very dark conditions.
Yes please…why did you register Curiosity in the Marshal Islands?
I'm not sure I'd put a pull down screen in your companionway doorway. Everytime you need to go in during 'movie night' you'd have to duck or push it aside.
The boat is beautiful!  I like the dinghy.  Congratulations.
Congrats on the first passage.  The location of the helm stations does expose you to bad weather, I do hope you can control the boat well enough from the nav station.  I never did understand why a catamaran would need a generator.  Why have 3 diesel engins to provide electricity and propulsion?  Anyway, have fun and don't put out a close anchor!  :)
Love your new boat, guys.
Yes, Why Bikini?
Where are the cats?  🐈
What about the helm in foul weather
Would love to hear about the registration process because I am looking into the same stuff.  Thanks
A good friend of mine from high school has been teaching somewhere in Luzon for the last several decades.  I noticed the sail bag has a clip.  If you're going to leave it on the trampoline, I hope you use discipline to secure it against rogue winds and waves!  Sure - let us know why you registered in the Marshall Islands!
Hello, We, French, are interesting to know why you get a Bikinis flag. Croix du Sud, Brittany, on an Outremer 42. Your boat looks nice, very clear in, not too heavy to keep performance on sails. What is the weight in charge, ready to sail? About propeller, on a boat, we have to make a choice for a lot of things, equipments, so. I agree with yours. Interesting video, thanks a lot.
What about the dishwasher! We don't care about anything else. Tell us about  the DISHASHER!! 😀
As for making your beds, have you seen "Beddys"?  They would be perfect for those spaces, many RVrs use them.   Really thrilled for you FINALLY being able to have your new home and get settled once again!  Congrats
Love your videos. Would like to hear about your security, what do you do to secure the boat when you day trip, or at night when you are at anchor. Do you feel safe?
Thanks for explaining the "Bikini" on the back of the boat. I didn't think it was referring to Nikki's wardrobe. As an RV owner, registration in different states of the U.S. has different advantages. I'm curious about registration options as it applies to boat ownership. (Hey, I can dream, right?)  Now that Nikki is focused on a big screen, has she given up on ice cream? Or is the freezer stocked?
Hi, beautiful boat. As far as the sheets get some suspenders a d c.ip them on each corner, that keeps the sheet nice.  I use that on my RV mattress.
you guys make us onboard
Love this channel!  Makes my day every time.  Every video is so fun.  Awesome.  Love it!
I can't stop smiling when I watch you guys on the new boat.  It's like being in a candy shop. Love the  windows,  the light, the amount of sitting spaces. Looks huge and super comfortable.  Well done!!!! So happy for you!!
I would love to hear about why you’re registered in Bikini.   Also a big shout out for the quality of  your video products.   Great video, audio and editing.  By far the best of all the sailing channels I’ve come across.
Yes please make a video about the boat registration Love your adventures and your new boat is a dream
If it were me I’d make the screen come down from The end of the boat over the end couch, so you can look out over the water while you watch, that would be a dream.  I’d also be interested to know about why registering in the marshal islands
Welcome asea ( as in all who wander are not lost)  I'm surprised that the one who wants a big screen TV was against the dishwasher. snicker🤣
SCREEN: I love the 2 location options Nikki mentioned for screen. There’s prob more options. Has anyone thought about mounting flat plates up high (“ceiling”), and putting Neodymium magnets on the screen? Industrial Velcro might also work. Then screen could be put front/side cockpit as best for watching, and put away when not wanted (passage).
Please do make a video of why you decided to register in the Marshal Islands.
Wow, I'm there now! Such a beautiful setting!🙂
I have a BenQ projector with a 80” pull down screen in my motorhome and I love it. I guess full-time boat life is not too far removed from full-time RV life. Thanks for the video.
So excited for this boat. We are 12 months from picking up our new boat and so I am living vicariously through you right now. I would be very interested to know about your process of choosing the Marshall Islands as we are working through that decision right now.
You can waterproof most electronic motherboards with simple clear acrylic spray paint.  Using clear acrylic means you can see the motherboard for diagnostics, and you can remove the paint layer with acetone/ nail polish remover to do any work on the board.  make sure you mask off the top of any chip that needs to be cooled.  The paint layer means salt air cannot touch the metal contacts and corrode things.  This also reduces the risk of electrical fire since anything that can short contacts cannot touch the contact points.  Good Luck!
I was so hoping for this posting and looking forward to your passage away from China! Curiosity ll looks absolutely beautiful and so modern. Excuse me for asking, but what was the final "sail away" cost of her? Do you have a "mortgage" on her? If so, how did you get financing for such a large expenditure? Trying Not to be nosey, but let's face it kids, "inquiring minds want to know"!
I would like to hear more about registered port information regarding Marshal Island Bikini, please.
Thank yall for sharing your life with all of us.  Thank You so much.
I like ur new home. Back being ocean Hermits. Registering it in bikini is awesome I'm restarting my bikini manufacturing company so I can build my own ocean hermit home.  being 3 ft 10 it has to be custom small.  Im use a safari minivan and turn it into a swats Hall sailing vehicle it should be fun. thanks for the inspiration
John is giving out SuperDave vibes lol
yes!  would be very interested to know why you chose Bikini for boat registration.  Phil
New laser projectors are worth looking into.
It’s SO good to see you all back on your own boat. I hope you are breathing easy. Happy sails❤
Boat tour! Let’s gooooo, lol. So happy for y’all! 🎉
I'd love to hear about Bikini/Marshall Islands...
So Sleek and So Smart — Like 👍 the two of you are  Those who have unjustified criticisms are simply jealous and for good reason they be You both are hard working and have made Dreams come True only others dream about — Thank You So much for allowing me to live through 🙏 God Bless your new Home
Yes, please do a video on where and why you chose the marshall islands compared to other nations. It kinda threw me when I was looking on AIS, but then checked the video to see Bikini. I'd just like to know the difference or benefits of where boats are registered.
The smiles on your faces speaks volumes.
So happy to begin the exploration phase again, both the boat and destinations. The most relaxed and great energy from you both. Looking forward to getting to know the personality of the boat
You absolutely *HAD*to have that Ricky Gervais quote! Probably 90% of viewers were thinking along the same lines ...
I’m in for the bikini thing
So excited for you guys!! Greetings from Brazil! We have beautiful beaches <hint hint>
Woo-Hoo! THE WYNNS ARE BACK IN BUSINESS!  Woot Woot!! 😎😁
Interest in how you flagged your vessel
Enjoy Subic Bay. Relax and settle into your routine. You have lots of islands to explore in the Philippines
Is there another place to mount the StarLink off the foredeck? Somewhere not a trip or line hazard?
"Get it up on your own"
Full congratulations on well served time with lots of inbetween times as well.
I'd love to hear why you chose to register with Bikini.
Couldn't be happier for you both! Thank you for taking us all along on your journey through this process!
Oh, I'm not as thrilled/happy as you two are. .  You guys are positively *giddy* !!  😊 (Congratulations again!!) 🤞😎
you should definitely partner-up with an eSIM company
The boat is great ! You can't see anything from helm stations. That's why many people were steering with a foot. In the middle of the ocean is not a  problem. It's a very big problem in crowded areas. I like to control everything and be sure I  can see everything around. With helm stations on this boat, it's impossible.
Check out  "Spirit animal". They have the  Projector and screen on there boat. I do believe it is  Adaptable to any boat.  But I have so many questions, but I will ask them later.  I am so glad ya'll got your New boat 🚢.  And I hate to  Admitt But I am so  Excited for ya'll.  I do want to here how HH  Handles the  Is warranty things. If  they are helpful or not in that  Process, and the Timing of handling or not of the  Problem. That will say alot about the  Company and  Future sales of there boats.  So Congratulations 🎊 on your New Boat 🚢.  And I will be here on my lanai waiting for the next video.   Ooo! And Why did you home port the boat out of  "Bikini" instead of the states? Was it do to taxes or  Insurance? Or both?  Ok until next time ⏲️,  Aloha from the Big Island of Hawaii! Cheers 🍻
I AM STILL CRYING !! BUT I AM JUST A DRAMA QUEEN !!
Also would congratulate you two on keeping an interesting and exciting videos over the last 2 yrs ( without a boat/home) very impressive
Yes, please make a video about choosing to flag the boat in the Marshall Islands. Thanks!
delighted to see you so happy.. fair winds to you for the future
Looks amazing guys!  Look forward to following your adventures where ever your new home may take you.
Such a well designed cat. I was also watching Ruby Rose and couldn’t help comparing the two boats. Everything on Curiosity looks better designed and nicer executed. Especially your two helm stations are so much better than the clumsy helm station of RR directly facing the salon. Curiosity must be fun to steer. Congrats
Mabuhay! Welcome to The Philippines 🎉
Yes please make a video about the benefits of registering the boat in the Marshall Islands
Love it!
May the Lord be there if you have any problems while out at sea.  Hope to watch 1000 more episodes.
Also would congratulate you two on keeping an interesting and exciting videos over the last 2 yrs ( without a boat/home) very impressive
Your boat is beyond gorgeous! Congrats!😊😊
Yes talk more about the boat flag and registering to a specific country.
The boat is gorgeous. May your “punch list” be small. See you soon!
Yahoo! I am so stoked for you both!! 💓  congratulations and fair winds! 🎉
I see the photo with one of the swim platform open.... any feedback on how you like the new closed area? How well it functions whe open( tender, swim?)
Yes, Marshall Islands explanation would be great and what other places you considered. Maybe even touch on what insurance you have?
Agree with the others in wanting to know about bikini home port.
Enjoy your new home!
Thank you for being so open and shoing us all the things that are experienced in sailing I will be watching till one day hopefully meet you guys out there on sea some day!
Looking good
Congratulations on the boat. It is beautiful! Regarding the projector,  I have the Anker Capsule Nebula. It is extremely portable and can be set anywhere to project. The image quality is excellent. The internal speaker is good, but it can also play through external bluetooth speakers. The only drawback is that mine runs Android TV which does not support Netflix, so to watch Netflix on the projector, I have to connect my computer via the HDMI input. I went to their website, and I believe that the new Android TV version does support Netflix, so this may no longer be an issue.
Grand to see you back on the water 🐬😃
So happy for you both ❤
At least you may have thought you had a Lot to unpack but cant be more than when we moved from one house to a HUGE house, took a year for us to unpack all the crap from our garage finally being able to use it to store our car from elements.       I was throwing boxes from the moving truck onto the asphalt driveway floor and my son decided to help me out by throwing some boxes out of the truck onto the driveway too.  Except I noticed after he threw them out of the truck the outside of those boxes HAD A PICTURE OF.......... SONY TV,  SONY VCR,  IBM COMPUTER, and sign stating DISHES.  He was only 8 years old so my little boy back then didnt have a lot common sense.  Not single one of those devices worked when taken out of the box and didnt have enough gorilla glue for the dishes to work either.
Remember need to see you making your coffee in the morning and also having a glass of wine or spirit sundown time  Otherwise how can we live vicariously through you😅  A form of completion ( meditation) for us   Very happy for u
I'd love to hear about why y'all chose Bikini/Marshall Islands as the place to register - Curiosity II looks amazing! <3
Nice to have my favorite boat people back at sailing.
Absolutely Magnificent Vessel, Yahoo let's go Sailing the World!!!🇦🇺👍😁
What a dream to be breaking in a new boat like this in a place like the Philippines!
Have u tried your cushions for sundown time
Yes Plz. Tell Us Why Marshall Islands..
Welcome back Nikki and Jason.  Were there any glitches that came up during the  shakedown cruise?  Was the HH team able to fix them?
It's too bad you did not get to experience Taiwan
I love the look of your boat, it seems a really solid construction, well done on your choices 😊 can’t wait for the next episode 😊👍
I would love to hear about your Star-link Internet..  Is it permanently mounted??   Was it incorporated into the Boat Build or an after thought?
It's so nice to see you, settling in!  I think a lot of subscribers probably felt like me, like "I can't wait for the HH group to leave so you can finally start to decompress!"  And here you are...restarting routines, organizing, dialing everything in, etc.  What a feeling.  One I can really relate to.  After being in such a lengthy transition after selling Curiosity,  don't be surprised if this process takes longer than you think it should.  As BEAUTIFUL as it is and no matter how much you anticipated moving onto Curiosity 2, it may take months to really feel like home.  I'm sure you'll be embracing the process, no matter what!  ❤
Lovely boat.  Love the the boat stamp.
Why Bikini?
What a terrific update--we haven't seen Nikki looking so happy in ages. Once you're back to it, I'd love to hear about the electric and water situation, especially at anchor where it's just solar. Do you have to conserve, or does it exceed your needs?
Time to get another cat!
Congratulations on the beautiful boat. Yes please, a video about registering in Bikini (Marshall Islands) would be very appreciated.
I think it would be an awesome idea for some of these big sailing YouTuber's to get together start a fund to help people with limited resources get into the lifestyle. There are a lot of old boats out there that deserve to be fixed up, but the owners aren't willing to just give them away and that initial upfront cost can be really prohibitive, even if they have the income to slowly fix a boat up over time. A fund that could help people get into a boat and past that first hurdle would do two things: first, allow people who want to try to get into the cruising lifestyle an opportunity to at least go for it; second, it would make it so that all these boats that sit around rotting find an owner that might actually get it fixed up and use it. I love sailing, but it's so expensive even to just get into it, and help getting over that hurdle would be a life changing experience.
Hello there!!.. thank you forsharingyour life❤️ Have a question whats on a boatstamp?  Anything special? Thank you! Torbjorn from 🇸🇪
What a journey!  I often feel like you are my own peeps and worry about you and celebrate your joys with you as if I were there too.  I could not be more thrilled to see you on the new Curiosity and looking so much more relaxed.  Love you both.  Take your time, savour the moments.  Thank you for bringing us along.❤️❤️❤️
See you in a couple of weeks. Pls. give us some screen dimensions. Enjoy!
Did you have a christening ceremony for the new boat?
6:15 good song, tho I've had the pirates of the Caribbean theme stuck in my head for this video 😂 to the start of an epic adventure 🍻🥂
Japan is the land of the newest thing in televisions.  They are working on roll up screens like the whole television screen and you might find something interesting there that is not advertised.  That is if you can wait on your arrival there.  Not sure they will have American or English speaking versions of them yet.  You guys are giddy with your new boat!   Jason can start a new workout routine around the new dishwasher!
💞💞💞💞💞💞
Hi Jason - please make a video about your bikini.
Jason - PLEASE expound on why you registered the boat in Bikini, Marshall Islands.
Over 80k views in 4 hours is pretty impressive guys. I love following your story even though I am a confirmed land lover. Thankyou
Your in the HONEYMOON stage with your boat… love it
There are a lot of nice boats out there, and I’m no expert, but even from just your videos, HH really builds a really nice boat..
For a screen you could get a big piece of canvas and cut it to size. Then you put 4 grommets across what will be your top. That would allow you to run a line through it and hang it up across the back if you want, or down the side. It could be tied between two trees on a beach. It would also fold up to stow. You could put two grommets in the bottom corners to tie down. But the one I saw had the bottom folded over to make a sleeve and the boat hook was run through it to hold it down.
I was surprised at the beginning when you motored the last mile instead of using the electric motors given that you could recharge from shore power when you arrived. It would have saved fuel and the costs associated with that. :) And then realised that youwere anchored instead. 🤦‍♂️
Yep. Would love to have an episode about registration and insurance and how the relationship between the two. Also tax and resale issues with a foreign registration. Stability of the country of registration, politically and in terms of the reliability of consistent registration policies. Very interested. Beautiful boat with so many cutting edge features. Can’t help but compare your commissioning, shakedown cruise, list of warranty issues, involvement of builder in the commissioning and shakedown process, quality control, etc. with Ruby Rose/Seawind & La Vagabond/Rapido. Can’t help but think from both the respective VLOGs (and other reviews and test sails) that you made the best decision for a couple, or a couple with kids (up to a point) for a world cruising catamaran.
8 years ago???  What??? Wait...  No.....  😳
You two are so amazing. I love watching your adventures. So glad you have a boat again. ❤
Would it really be a curiosity boat witnout fridge issues? Lol Waiting to hear your thoughts on the helms in bad weather.
It feels good for us to Nikki!  WELCOME BACK!!!!!!   I cant wait to watch one of my favorite sailing channels actual sail around now!!
I am interested, Why the Marshals?
630 of video ahh been waiting for the first coffee ☕️ 😊  Question how did u find the tender and carrying provisions, ppl back to the boat
I like Zatara’s setup with captain chair much better. That’s a lot of money to spend on a boat without a captains chair. The chair to the side is kind of awkward and my opinion. Specially when you’re building your boat, you’re designing your own boat. You could’ve had seats at both steering helm and still had plenty of room if designed properly. I just don’t think that this was thought out very well. You could have had like Zatara, your captain, seat, upfront, and a helm seat in the back. I mean it’s too late now because you’ve already designed and built the boat. I just don’t think that was thought out very well.
Welcome to my country, the Philippines.
I'm a little surprised that you're only able to eek out about 3 hp per prop for regen on a 45 ft. boat. Hopefully, the updated programming will make a significant improvement to that number.
I loved this video! So excited for you. Congratulations on finally taking over Curiosity 2. She is a beautiful boat. Bon voyage and the best of luck to both of you and Curiosity 🍾🥂👏👏👏👏👏❤️
Absolutely love the new boat and the future adventures! So happy for you to. Can you tell us about the decision to name the boat the same as your old boat? Is it a thing most boat owners do when getting a new boat or did you just feel like the old name was so good you could not leave it behind ? (it is a good name. :D). I think i would feel like switching boat would be like a new chapter or that the boats have different personalities or something. Like namning children. Haha!
Good to see your back at sea on your gorgeous boat!
What WAS the price of admission?
Hard dingys are usually unwelcome at dingy docks.
LOL  Philippines, are part of the USA, so americans have hardly any problems with passports and entry.
What’s so funny about this is that this is like a tiny little boat like just a spec on the radar comparing to a billionaires yacht. it’s funny to watch people get so excited about a little tiny boat comparing to a huge billionaires yacht. In terms of space, and the aesthetics and the amenities I mean this is a joke, comparing to a billionaires yacht. Not to take away, it’s just it’s just funny to me. Child’s play comparing to adults on a real vessel.
for Movie nights and using a projector and drop down screen..... place the projector BEHIND the screen. I know it seems counter-intuitive but the clarity and quality is the same... but it eliminates having to place the projector in front, reducing seating positions etc.  It also opens up more screen/ projector placement options.
Loving all the pillows Nikki! 💛
Try a blow up screen!
Why did u have to put the Philippines flag up? Do u have to put every country's flag up after u check in with the government? If so who gives u the flag?
Have been following you since the days of RVing. Very happy to see you finally in your dream boat and clearly so very happy. You two have a work ethic that is not always present these days. I can't think of a more deserving couple to take ownership of this fine new catamaran. Safe sails!!
Congratulations on FINALLY getting back on your own boat. Can’t wait for all the coming adventures.
Oh my god, sex on all the surfaces and all over the floor of that new boat i guess.
Go to Pagudpud,  In the northern tip.  they are catching Salmon there right now. No moring ball needed. Just got back from visiting my Uncle who lives on the ocean front!
Like the tassels are they from your curtains or nips 😮
How much was this boat, as you have it right now ?
Ag come on Nikki, do'nt jinx yourself. Nothing bad is going to happen.
Boat - A hole in the water in which to throw money. Learned this working at a boat manufacturer in an earlier life, although they were nice boats. In your case, appears to be money well spent, WISH I WERE THERE!!! There will always be something else to do and get, so don't fret, first thing to get... over it. Congratulations on your new HOME. Fair winds and trailing seas... A fan.
I'm so envious! Enjoy!
Your own luxury yacht in the Philippine archipellago. Great country for island hopping!  lovely people! It doesn't get much better then that.
Really curious about your boat stamp, what does it look like, can you post a pic? Love, love, loveyour new boat, especially the hull color and yay for Jason for getting that dishwasher. I am having one installed in ours based on how your drop down one is, that's the only way I can have it!
Are you guys afraid of pirates? I heard there’s a couple missing right now in the Caribbean that was attacked by Pirates.
Whew! I've trid over 100 brands ( ben in TV) for 5 40 year. I sone the best🤙
Have to admit I stopped "following" - but not watching - when you stopped sailing, and I was skeptical of the new build when it moved to China, was delayed so long, required so many adjustments to an untested vessel (you're hull 1 of your actual design). But I'm happy you've got your boat, got it sailing, are happy to be back at home if not actually circumnavigating yet, and are back on our Sunday mornings.   Congratulations on your new house!
Congrats on you new mobile home. Pico mini projectors(small and storage travel friendly) are great, source one with high lumen (the more the better) counts, works better in bright lighted surroundings.  Fabricate your own portable screen use grey coloured light impermeable materials, cloth folds and stores easily. Pressed eyelets in the corners can be hooked and stretched between poles, ropes and strategically placed hooks, opens you to a host of portable options, inside and out. ❤ you productions, and how you are attracted to SA accents around the world. We are nice peeps. Enjoy!!!!
: )
Broke my normal watch routine to view this right after it was posted instead of waiting for a lull in my work, like Thursday. Have a good week and we are all excited for the tour.
Nikki, you have definitely became the most obnoxious sailing YouTuber by far. Come back down to earth.
With regards to the projectors, I have had a BenQ projector for over 20 years and just replace the bulb every like 1000-2000 hours or so.  They do have outdoor models but could only find ones that are 1080p, no 4k, but they are portable so you can put it away when not in use.  The main worry is the actual projector screen which will be harder to source for a marine environment as that would most likely be permanently attached.
What is your home port? I thought I saw "Bikini"?
Definitely interested in why you registered in Bikini
Not sure the cost of purchasing a physical SIM card in each location - any thought of using e-sims?  Use an e-sim from Airalo during last trip through Europe & Croatia and was seamless.
Security at sea.  What is a plan against pirates.  A safe room.  Security cameras (when not in security mode, could be used to see sails.  Anything like what cars have for a front/rear dash camera that records. What about a top mast camera with magnification? Glad you are happy with your new boat.  Have Fun!!
Congratulations guys, the boat looks amazing, someday we will meet on the sea :)
My first impression of your new boat was…hummm, I don´t really like it, but it started growing on me and now I can´t get enough, even the dingy is awesome! Really enjoying this, many thanks.
Thanks! I really liked that one.
🧜‍♀️👍🤛🌹🌹🌹🙏😎🦅🇺🇸
You have mastered so much in the last few years, let alone in the last few weeks! Super proud of what you have accomplished and realized. It must have been super intense and overwhelming to say the least. You desperately and definitely need a little extra time for yourself to settle down and catch your breath. Yoga, breathing and all that is a perfect way to balance your well being. What an extraordinary boat you have and its so beautiful how its accustomed to you both, very much you indeed and super need! Sending you both a big hug and a good time ahead, ai ai shippers and well done!❤
would like to hear about the registration in Bikini; I think it's a U.S. possession so that gets covered, but why else
I’m a non sailer, but I’ve been watching you guys for years. I’m so happy for you! Best luck on the new boat and thanks for sharing all your adventures!
When you had Curiosity  1 ,when in roughweather you were always enclosefin a cocoon  around the helm. What about this on your new boatwill the helm station be enclosed as well.  By the way love Curiosity 2. Congratulations.
Congratulations... I started watching when you first started the journey selling your motorcoach and buying your first boat... love your channel
nice to see you again guys in your new awesome boat, and thank you for visiting in philippines.
wondering if you could add portable solar panels to the dingy to charge while away form the boat or just more area  at anchor ,as if you left the dingy in the water.
What did you do with that young couple who drove their motor home all over the USA?
The camera pro has these removable quick disconnects that can be placed in different parts of the boat then add the matching connectors to the screen and its all porta le to your needs...happy entertainment screening.
Projector - XGIMI MoGo 2 Pro with short stand, good quality hang up screen so you can put it almost anywhere/position. Safe travels!!! Following since the RV days!!! Take care!
how very exciting to be set to start your new life
Wishing you both a calm, organized, and happy 2 weeks.
Niiiice boat !!!
Guys regarding home theater I think it would be cool to partner with a home theater expert content creator .  He or she could help you select the best system for your budget and unique situation.  At the same time you both can create an episode for your respective channels as you go through the selection and install process.    Chris Majestic would be a candidate in my opinion to assist. Perhaps he can help you identify potential manufacturer partners
Loved being aboard with you on the new boat. I was smiling the whole video along with you.  Have a nice time off and looking forward to seeing you again in two weeks 😊
I am SO HAPPY for the two of you to have a home again! Take your time, chill and get organized, your subscribers aren’t going anywhere. We are your cheerleaders and want the best for you.  I first started following you when you bought your first RV.  Thanks for sharing your adventures and knowledge.  You  are the ones who got me excited about solar! Take care of yourselves and congratulations on your beautiful and amazing new home!
24:44 roulett falasey.
Any kids in the forcast??
Congrats. Well done you guys.
So how GOOD is it, really 😂?!
All is right in the world again 😊
Yes, please make a video about the Bikini Registration!!  You guys look at such peace finally being on your beautiful boat.  Love it.
Philippine may not be as safe so be careful. My contractor n wife  sailed from San Diego To florida yrs ago while in Mexico , some kind of bandit came on board . They had two giant huskies n gun so they retreated.
Philippines love
So happy for you guys and of course so happy for us (your followers).  Look forward to all the new adventures.  Let's Go!
Congratulations on your new boat. Hopefully we will cross paths at some stage, enjoy your week off and that new boat feeling, Catherine.
So pleased for you both, now relax time.   All the very best to you both from us in England.
NOOOOO! Red Horse is the Natural Lite of the philippines. San Miguel Light! You must have had a real local as a tour guide.
Is there cover over the helm when sailing in the rain?
The Wynns are back!  Yesssss!
I don't sail and I love your channel!  The new boat, your excitement, new travels and new discoveries, very glad to see the Wynn's withe the wind at your backs once again.
Very Nice!
Congratulations! Looking forward to all the new content coming up!
#WynnsBikini/Mankini...
Yes, a vessel brand new.  Built in China.  No tofu please.
Go with a Samsung Freestyle Portable projector + Vividstorm Slim Motorized screen.
❤
I am so impressed with this boat. It is so beautiful and so functional. Love the colour of the boat and your interior-just everything.  There are a couple of sailing channels out there with new boats- nothing comes close to yours-love it!
700th. A well deserved break!
Congrats enjoy your chill week will see you soon
Interested in bikinis 👙. And why you registered there.
So happy for you to be back on your new own boat, take a deep breath and enjoy.  Cant wait for snorkeling vidéos and cooking videos onboard. And most of all, sailing videos of course.
Looks like an amazing boat. Just from last video you all look so much more relaxed and calm. Glad you finally get to let it sink in and get in a groove. Fair winds and following seas you two.
Yes explain your love of bikini's bro I'd like to know if you have the same reasons as I do haha
Congratulations, what an achievement, long adventure but now you can live your dream...
The cat seems to be swinging at anchor a lot. The bridle may be too short. You might find relief with a longer bridle, and heavier chain.
As a non-sailer, I would love to hear more about registering in the Marshall Islands!
ECO-Drive and sails are cool and all, BUT the most important question remains unanswered!!  Jason, how's that dishwasher working out for you?!?!?!  You two enjoy getting your groove back, we'll all be here waiting when you come back  Much Love from the Maine coast,,,
Welcome Home. So happy for you. Very much looking forward to the 1st months of live aboard life and crusing on your new beautiful boat!!!!!
yes to knowing why the bikini islands registration
You guys absolutely need to go to Palawan and check out El nido. Seven Commandos beach is a nice spot.
Ahhhh!!! We are so happy for you two! You now get to find your balance and routine in your new home as you really make Curiosity and your lives really feel like yours again. Take your time to breath... We feel so grateful for all that you share of your lives with the world. Cheers to the beautiful new chapter ahead!
Lots of love back to you!! 🩷💙
Boy you guys trust new stuff way more than I do!
Pausing video.... I would love to know about registering the boat!", now back to video.
Congrats!  I think many of us would like to know the advantages of where to register beyond your home country for private use (vs charter) Thank you!
Great to see your dream a reality! Congratulations.
I am SO SO HAPPY for the two of you! Thank you for taking all of us on your adventures throughout the process of waiting on your new boat. No one deserves this happiness more than you two do!
Interested in Bikini/Marshall Islands registration story. 😀
😍😍😍😍🤓😎back to old rutines. Or new ones: I certainly have a glass of wine watching you. And a little churchill (port). Your adventure is mine🤓
Red Horse haha talagang pilipina na woot ingat ingat
Absolutely beautiful !!!! Found myself proper smiling all the way through .
Love to see a video on why you registered in the Marshall Island?
Why Bikini Jason????
I just cannot stop smiling. I am SO happy for you. Safe travels my friends. ❤
Glad your back and on your own. Thank you ! and God Bless!
what was the all in cost of curiosity
Thank you, I'm not crying, you're crying.
Bikini. Not Nikky - Jason Damn the visibility is unreal with all that glass. Imagine replacing those windows like on Curiosity 1....😀 Stunning
OBSERVATION some things you buy after you live on a boat, rv or in a house for awhile and get used to the room and your daily routine and what you need. As for the projector, there are so many that are litterally the size of a shoebox or smaller that are portable. Make sure you get one that is made for outdoors due to salt water corroding the electronics
Excellant job on your vid,  I loved the way you brought us into the conversation like you were sitting in my living room.  Great Job.
Miss the kitties😢
Hi! I'm from Philippines, try to go to Palawan and Boracay it is nice there... try also in Panglao Bohol.
Very interested in Bikini boat registration
Oh to be that rich
I saw you start in a small motorhome (and you really knew not what you were doing) and now you are experienced world sailors!!! When you announced you were sailing the world I too went- OMG this will never work! 🙂  What a wrong idea!  Its been a wonderful journey to watch.
Video on Marshall island boat reg please
Great to see you back where you belong. I would recommend nebula projectors had one on our cat for a while. Also portable so you can take ashore and scare the locals with movies!
If you run into Ruby Rose II, be sure to say, "If you show me yours, I'll show you mine". With all that power regeneration, it sounds like you can run the AC on passages.
The long earned peace you both feel after getting to this very moment was so powerful- even contagious.  I took a minute to exhale with you and vowed to enjoy my day, with fresh perspective.    Both of you bless us all by sharing your life.  Go enjoy each other.  We’ll be here when you return next time.
You're home! Congrats!
I am  so impressed I started watching you when you decided to become sailors. I have enjoyed your talents of showing off the World to all of us. Please let us know why you choice to register with the Marshall islands. I worked at a shipping port for most of my life and know some of the perks of registering else where.  I am so glad your finally back on your new home I hope you can enjoy it more than the old boat.....
So excited for you guys !
Why did you register in the Marshall Islands?
So so happy for you guys. Looking forward to more Wynn-ventures!
Please share why you chose bikini.  Thank you, so fun to watch
Between SLV and these 2. I love this design style so much better. I think this boat  looks bigger than SLV's tri.
Would be good to know how you chose to be Bikini flagged. Fair winds'.
I still remember  when you announced  you were getting this boat. Seems like yesterday. Lol  I'm  sure not for you.  I love this boat. Hope you enjoy it.
So great to see the both of you back at sea.    It’s hard to believe it has been a year since you sold Curiosity 1.   Best of luck and looking forward to your future videos.
I’m just happy that you are in your new home, congratulations!
Super happy for you guys, to be fair I prepared myself for you guys to take a rest week this week. Therefore when you posted I was so happy! Take rest weeks get settled, we are happy that you guys finally have a home again!
Two questions, what brand is the mattress & not a mention of the dishwasher from Jason?
the Best of the new boat series so far. Really enjoyed . I would like to hear about BiKini. Blessings .
Enjoy your time getting settled! What a ride! I’m so happy for you both. FINALLY! 🎉
Fantastic flow. Highest Blessings
no AC on that boat? the hybrid system seems a great way to go, problem is with no sailing sitting at anchor for a while you still have to use your generator as those solar panels arent much better then maint run your water makers wash some clothes run the AC..and you are done and im laughing at the electric dinghy predicting when its going to fail....and it will
Projector - there's got to be a sponsor out there for you...I've seen other Youtubers advertise projectors.   Yes, Marshall Islands
🛥I am so happy...love it worth the wait.“fair winds and following seas”, 🛥Sailing Executed with perfection❗ === 💞God's design Man + Woman= Family💞 === ✍🏽Watching👁👁 👩🏾‍💻 through your eyes ... excellent video ✍🏽 PPP PPP= Proper Planning Prevents Poor Project Performance... 🗞 📰  ❤One Journey🗺🌎🌍🌏 Let's Make It Count❗❤ ===
I hate boats and the ocean but I love watching you guys❤
I need to know how the dishwasher is doing.
What is a boat stamp and what is it used for?
22:40 You could go on and on about things on this boat and make a video over an hour long, and I would watch the whole thing!
I'd be insanely jelly if I wasn't so happy for both of you.   Congrats on a wonderful boat and a wonderful life, aml.
I've been interested in why you choose the Marshall Islands as the country of registration since I saw Bikini as the home port on the boat.
I'm rather surprised you did register in the MI, but yes, interested in knowing more about it.
Since the screen is a priority:  It could be a crafts project.  The right white sheet, cut to fit, edged nicely, weighted at the bottom (try to find some gillnet lead line in Subic Bay, there surely has to be a commercial fishing store there).  If you could find a thin fiberglass or steel rod for the bottom that might work better. Then just 3 to 5 tie straps screwed to the ceiling or beam of your choice could support the screen and the ties to hold it while retracted.  You're sailors now - you can figure it out.
If the mattesses have a zippered cover, open them up and using a electric carving knife shave some off the side of them. Elect carving knife works perfectly on foam mattresses
Ahhhhhhhh.....
Check out apeman projectors.
Nikki and Jason, the best sailing couple on YouTube❤
Ahhh glad you're back on a boat of your own. Been looking forwards to this ❤
You were here in my town...says the expat from KC. OMG! Hope yall had a good time in ny second home.  Have fun, its always fun in the Phils. Anyway, fair winds, peace.
Very excited for you!  Glad your first passage went well.  Enjoy your downtime and relax! Love your channel!!  Thank you for touching base and I am looking forward to your next video ❤️❤️❤️😁🍀
For your movie night screen. I believe you could attach your screen to sea suckers they are very versatile. Then you could move it around to different areas as needed.
For the projector screen for the time being you could use a full/queen flat sheet. Use command hooks to hold a dowel the drape the flat sheet over it.
A projector will be horrible in daylight due to lower end projectors having a low contrast ratio.  A decent projector starts at around $12,000.  If it was my boat I would install a regular tv on a power fold down bracket that allows the screen to swivel 360 degrees.
Congratulations could not wait for this Sunday
I am also interested in Jason’s thoughts on bikini.
Flag video please :)
We want to hear about the risk of piracy on your route. That electric dingy sticks out like a sore thumb. It attracts loads of attention you may not like. The world is not like the USA. Scared for you guys.
Job well done congratulations 🎉 Welcome to your new home (boat)😊
Winnebago of the sea.  Yippeee!
One thing that I'm curious about, and I hope you add to the Boat Tour video.  Weather protection at the helm stations.  No matter how much you wish it to be so, you aren't going to ALWAYS be cruising in clear skies, you're going to have rain, either showers, or squalls, or just out-and-out monster rain storms.  I would like to see the weather protection at the helm stations, or, do you plan on conning the boat from the inside.  I know that Nick and Terysa have their forward-facing nav station in the salon, but to me, it really negates the 'immediately' concept if you need to do something.  Something pops up right in front of you, you have to run back to the helm and steer away from it (Thinking maybe a container off a ship).  I'm just wondering what you're going to do for protection from the elements.  Other than that, Curiosity is looking  good, and I'm waiting to hear about any issues with the Eco-Drive.
Congratulations to getting back to "normal".  Great to see you back on the water and back to more cruising travel.  The new boat looks just awesome - so clean and crisp.  It's probably best that you didn't get things like a movie screen before getting out there - now you are on the boat you will know what/where things will fit best - so time to start adding all the additional niceties. Donate for a Dream
From a cold and foggy UK, I can feel the Vitamin D coming through the screen from where you are :D So good to see you back on a boat!   Regarding projectors, I don't own it yet but after a lot of time researching projectors for myself I've decided my next projector will be the XGIMI Horizon Pro 4K, and I think it would suite your needs too. For context, I've had a projector for 8 years instead of normal TVs, learned a lot in that time, and this one is my pick for my next projector upgrading from 1080p. I think it would be great for your boat since the auto frame and auto focus would make it easy to move around inside and outside the boat, and the projector doesn't even need to be exactly in front of the screen, it will sense where the screen is and then adjust the image so its squared off and good for watching. It would get old pretty quickly to have to adjust zoom and focus each time you set up a projector, so definitely a projector that does this automatically would be best for you. You'll want the screen to be able to be fixed when in use too, if it flops back and forth with the motion of the boat then your image will go in and out of focus as the screen moves closer and further from the screen. Would get annoying!  The XGIMI also much smaller than most, looks better than the others too. No idea if its any good for a marine environment though, but then i'd imagine they would all fair the same - they need airflow to cool the lamp so there's no sealing it for waterproofing. (I sound like a XGIMI salesperson haha, I'm not, just love projectors)  One thing to consider with any projector you go for is how easy is it to get new quality bulbs. I've tried the cheaper replacement lamps, they're not worth it. So the XGIMI is LED with a quoted 30000 hours run time, so you probably wont need to change the lamp until you want to get a new projector. My current projector i get about 5-6000 hours out of a lamp, and its the fancy arc type that uses a load of electricity. LEDs, in comparison, will draw less current in theory.   Enjoy your time off, and I'm really looking forward to a review of Starlink if you decide to review that. The ultimate dream for me is fast internet and remote locations (does that give away the fact I'm an introverted software developer? haha).
Wow, that is a wide boat
All my favourite sailors are getting back on the water! Sailing Uma have been on the water pretty much all the time, and now Nick and Teresa, Nikki and Jason, and fairly soon hopefully the wonderful Maya and Alardino, who are themselves rebuilding their monohull.  Nikki, please see if you can meet up with some of these folk! An evening on your boat with Maya playing her violin would be a memory to carry forever.
Movie night..."Captain Ron"!
You have to check out bedding like Quick Zip!! Not sure if they will fit the dimension would work for you. I know they also do RV bed sizing. but this way you zip off your sheets rather than lifting up the mattress to tuck under. I hope this is helpful info
Congratulations. The boat looks amazing. Can't wait to see the next chapter begin.
Happy Sailing
Man! so you checked and there you are sipping coffee having dumped off te HH crew.  Now's the time to get your Curiosity back!  So now you're off for a week to yourselves and putting things finally in their place.  Well, good for you.  See you in two.  Un abbraccio forte a due!
The only thing I might say about projectors is look into "short throw" versions, you'll see what I mean, they're a favorite in the Canadian Army. They are usually a bit pricier though.
Happy to see you back and settling in and am excited for more adventures. ♥much love♥ I don't mind being a stow away ;p
yes, make bikini video
Boat reg please. Love the boat
I remember when u guys were trying to figure out living and traveling on an RV ! Been a long time since then . Wow
Please make a video re: why Bikini Marshall Islands.  Thanks!
Please more info on registering in the Marshall Islands.
If you're at anchor will the eco drives work with the tide running ?
Time to invite KYD (keep your daydream) to your boat so they can earn the HH jackets they have been wearing around
I loved seeing you guys back on water.  Can’t wait for the tour.
Wow your boat is a beautiful home! Or your home is a beautiful boat!
PROJECTOR - my wife used a small projector for meetings. Kodak Luma 150 portable wireless projector. 120” screen. Compatible 4k. 60 ANSI  Im. Wifi connectivity. Screen sharing. (She connected her laptop via Bluetooth  and projected to a stand alone screen.)
Awesome congratulations guys🎉
I really like your videos. You two are personable , knowledgeable , and unlike other sailing couples don’t try to make sailing all about scantly clad wives. You are beautiful but tasteful. Look forward to following your adventures.
Subic Bay! Boy that place used to be the best Liberty Port the Navy ever had.
A beautiful boat. Even the Davits look so cool, out of the way and practical
The WYNN’s are on their way UP, congratulations 🎉🎉🎉
Your boat and sails are beautiful!! I’m happy for you guys!! Back on the boat, back on the water, back to sailing adventures!! Sending great winds and fair seas to you!! ⛵️ 🌊
Hi, are you sailing around the Philippines and explore the islands?
Yeah, and thanks for explaining why your boat was so load in that previous video; I didn’t want to be a Debbie downer and decided not to say anything about it..🤷🏽‍♂️
Saludos
I haven't seen anything bad. Looks like HH did an outstanding job even being one of the first huals.
Love relaxing to your show dreaming about our Cat with the family!
congrats from New Mexico,happy 4u
I’m searching the comments for suggestions on a projector I don’t need for a boat I don’t have. 🙂
Yes, please explain why you registered your boat in the Marshall Islands 🇲🇭?!
So you are never going to sail into United States waters or the Caribbean?
At some point it would be great to hear a deep dive into your results for hydro generation. Including average power generated at various hull speeds especially. Having listened to some engineers that work for bell marine or the other e motor companies, their own R&D has indicated that generation is really limited/inefficient at lower speeds, and only becomes meaningful at hull speeds approaching 10kts or beyond.   Congrats on the boat!
I have a projector that I have been using for over a decade as my only TV/computer monitor.  If you’re using a screen you must use a frame to keep the screen from flapping around.  I use a light rejection screen to avoid “washout” from ambient lighting.  You’re going to need “at least” 3000 lumen, REAL lumens not the “advertised” numbers that are almost never real measurements.  I shopped for a couple months on ebay and got a great laser projector that has over 40000 hours now and still runs great after 5 years.  But, that is not being beaten by constant movement a boat offers.
WAHOO!!! She’s a beautiful boat! Cant’ wait for the full tour.  So happy for y’all!!
What are the details of the mattresses? :)
Loving your new boat and the fact that you are now residing on it.
Why the Marshall Islands would be a very interesting video….
Hisense PL1 Laser Projector DLP Laser 4K UHD HDR Ultra Short Throw Smart Projector
Enjoy
Helm unprotected on stormy nights?
Silly (or not) question.   When taking ownership of a boat such as this, is it normal practice to engage an independent engineering firm to certify that that the boat was built to spec and is safe for ocean passages?     I'm not even sure how you would test a completed carbon hull to ensure lamination, strength, build quality etc.   Engineers could certainly certify the design but workmanship is important when it comes to carbon fiber lamination.
Screen needs to be mounted inside to block the breeze. It will be annoying to watch a movie with the screen moving.
Welcome to the Philippines hope you have a great time during your stay .
The "Bikini explanation" would be welcomed. Better understanding the financial and liability pieces is important to those of us not yet in the lifestyle, but are aggressively planning so that we can one day.
So great to see you both finally relaxed and sipping on a cup of fresh coffee on a beautiful morning while mooring at a fantastic place and in your gorgeous new Curiosity! It's been a long time coming, Well done!.
@25:00 instead of putting my fingers in my ears I just stopped the video... really bad idea to speak bad words about bad things happening that haven't happened.. You can draw unnecessary experiences with your words ... words have power. ALWAYS look for the possibilities of good or better things happening ahead.😅❤
All the best with the new boat and thank you for all your videos. They've become part of my weekend!
Welcome home!  Cheers to many years of good health and happiness on the new boat🤙🏼🤙🏼
Wait wait….lemme get my coffee!
So happy for you two, you are totally my envy but I thank you SO MUCH for letting me be a part of your life through video. It is a beautiful boat and I look forward to watching a whole lot more of your new adventures.
2:21 can you not adjust the screen brightness?
Have you named your dinghy yet?
LIKE & COMMENT !!!!
awesome times ahead
I love the way your boat looks but that rocking horse motion doesn’t look good….
So happy your first passage was essentially uneventful!!
does the regen system work while at anchor?  since there is some sort of current under the boat, is it something that can happen?
Laser "TVs" Is a form of "projects" that is much better than a normal projector, and the price should be about the same.
❤❤❤❤❤
i want to know why you didnt have your star link  built into the boat ,, instead of strapping it down with straps , it just looks sloppy.. and everything else looks so neat with its place .. love your content .. keep up the good work .. thank you
😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
So exciting to see you guys happy on your new boat. Looking forward to your new adventures.
Love the boat 🎉you deserve it. Can you tell us why you had to register the boat with bikini.
Curiosity II is stunning! I'm so happy you are back on the water knocking out your first passage so soon. She is built well and you guys are an inspiration. You went for excellence and HH delivered. Have a great stay in Subic Bay and enjoy organizing your new adventure base/home. 🥂✌️❤️🌎
Welcome to your new home.
Funny story, but probably more “you had to be there.”  I was watching on my iPad and Hubby was listening but not watching. At the end of the video you said bye and then it went into immediate commercial. All my husband can hear is, “bye (a loud splash into water) help, help!” He looks over at me and said, “I hope that is just a commercial.”  A commercial for a pirate video game had come on, but the transition was seamless. All he can imagine is Jason overboard splashing around yelling help. 😂 Just thought I’d share for a quick laugh.   So glad to see the Wynns back on their boat. Very happy for you. And yes, would love to hear why you chose Bikini, Marshall Islands. I used to live in Guam years ago and miss that area of the world. So pretty.
beautiful ! so happy for you both! Sail on into the mystic safely. Congratulations
Y'all will have a nice suntan soon....you've been living on land for too long!
Cheers kids!
Very interested in Bikinis!
Tuck a pool noodle into bed . Easy sheet install and removal.
I am surprised there is no voice assistant or narrow AI. I think it would be helpful when on deck. ie. Hey Siri, play Fillipine national anathem, or play Christopher Cross, or play Dean Martin and the Mills Brothers.
After living in an RV for 8 years,  I have found that putting a regular bedspread on the mattress and using safety pins to secure it then use another spread left  folded at the end of the bed to cover up with at night. I only have to make the bed after washing the bottom spread. Try it and you'll can thank me later.
5:02 That's no boat stamp! (⊙_⊙)？
Regarding your tight fit bed mattress...just remove the lowest level side cushions.  They are below the top of the mattress and won't be missed.  This will allow you to easily tuck in your sheets.
To go with the movie projector and screen would be the ice cream maker that you passed on in China. You look so happy to be home!
Best projector portable, anker 3 1080 hp, weight 1 pound, have a good battery, laser image and best sound and picture quality
Bikinis
❤❤❤ so excited to be on the journey with you guys! I would love to hear more about Marshall Islands registration :) I had been wondering what Bikini meant lol Enjoy your time off and getting back to routine!! ❤
Regarding Projection screens:  I am both a longtime sailer (racer not a cruiser sadly) and home theater enthusiast.  Regarding the screen, I agree with you in the video that having something practical, possibly movable is probably preferred on a boat. While I have used several screens over the years in my theater, I would mention that unless you have it in a windless area, it will catch wind and eddies and therefore cause it to flex in an out , would really make the movie viewing less fun and annoying.  There are some sold in the states as ones uses for halloween or christmas that are essentially a projection screen that is super stretch material and you can fix to 4 or more mounting points or D clips.  They would be easy enough to put anywhere on the boat, and you could have multiple areas to mount and take to the beach between two trees etc.  For mobile projectors, I would recommend the following Anker Nebula Capsule 3 or Cosmos; or XGIMI MoGo 2 Pro.  I think these all have some audio built in, but they also capability to have bluetooth or whatnot to tie into your boats stereo system.  Anyway love the videos, much like your mother I am very happy you finally have your boat and have set sail. congrats you two! Cheers!
4:07 The male of the species giggles with pure joy
I am soooo happy for you. The new boat looks great, I can't wait for the boat tour. I have been following you since back when you got your RV.
Yes! We need to know about Bikini and your thoughts behind your decision. Great video!!!🌺
looking forward to your travels in the new boat.
Just a thought…as you prepare for a boat tour video, also add in some of the organizational issues you are working through as well. This is the most beautiful boat and well thought out that I’ve seen on YouTube. Loving the color scheme and how the living quarters is laid out!!
Can you close up the helm area if it's raining?
Glad you guys are on board. Really missed your boating adventures.
Fantastic looking boat  One thing that amazes me is how much space you have on a MULTI Which is why cruisers love them so much
ZENY has an indoor/outdoor 80 inch for like $46 that is ceiling mount.
love 2 See jou loveli peppel back on a boot Teers of happy nes foor jou gais    love from the Nederlands
I watch several youtube channels. You can tell when new multihull owners are at ease from sailing a multihull. I have been watching Ruby Rose and you can tell they are having a big learning curve. I think you had the right idea in sailing on those other boats and learning what to expect. Good luck with the new boat...
So happy that you finally had your ahhhhhh, we’re home, moment. Thanks for the ride.
Your the only sailing channel who still films in 1080, is there a reason you don't film in 4K
I pretty much knew once you guys said where the boat was being built that it would not be registered in the US- the tariffs, would have been killer!  I would still like to hear why you chose the Marshall Island and not say Caymans, or  another of the myriad of flag states used.  All in all great video!
My hometown….. seeing the yellow jeepney was pretty cool
Congrats!!
Subic Bay use to be a Naval Base the town is Olongapo the main street was lined with bars.
IMHO what is so impressive is your marriage has persisted through all the trials/tribulations of this new sailboat. You guys actually seem to remain a loving couple. Congrats.🍾🎉🎊
Gotta laugh... Jason's not quite nautical after all this time.   Usually the "steering" wheel is simply the wheel or tiller.  Cars have steering wheels.
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉👏👏
When I think of you two on Curiosity 1 when the hole opened up in the middle of your crossing I cant believe how far you've come. I loved this video so much. I feel the happiness, too. Also, dont anticipate boat problems. We are what we eat and think so just think positive! You can be a Scout, prepared but not on worry mode or anticipation mode. I think HH was very lucky in your pick of them. They have risen up and I believe they will continue. May they have years of continued good business and you both years and years of safe and wonderful travels on your beautiful boat.
Boat looks beautiful.
It was stunning oh f******
Congratulations on your new home. Now, to figure out where things go, where they really go, and finally go. Take the time to enjoy, relax, and breathe. Yes, please. I would like to hear your reasoning for Bikini.
Yes, please make a public video about why you registered in Bikini. Thanks.
Where and how many life rafts do you have.   I know you and Ruby Rose are friends and after you lost one on passage before.  So o was wondering about this boat
Please make a Marshall Island video for us poor normal people!
U could get a projector?
The boat looks beautiful, Nikki and Jason. I love the colours and the layout. Best wishes to you both...
Get a nebula capsule 3 projector and a rollable screen or even the 4k version is nice but bigger
Congratulations!  "That's what she said..." Thanks for posting.   Was Silanguin Cove as quiet as it seemed??? Had a flashback to when you two delivered a catamaran out of Charleston Harbor... lines that didn't line up, etc... BIG differences.  Found a new projector at Intl Work Boat Show... hoist the sail for movie night, actually will look up our projector model when back... out of country just now.   Yeah, sail bags block UV, easy peasy but subject to dry rotting... after a few years and a half dozen storms...  maybe go back to "oilskin" bags?!?!?! yeah, NO... hmmmmm, no. Lastly, Yay Bikinis!!!! Represent Bikini and Fly a Bikini flag any chance we  can. : ) Cheers, SV Good Karma as Grins.
I think we would love to see Jason in a bikini. 🤣
We would like to hear a cost breakdown of everything.   Including dingy and everything you spent outfitting if you feel comfortable sharing. We've been following from the beginning and really enjoy your video's.
You guys!!! squeeeeeeee! Freedom once again AND on an amazing vessel!! I am soo very happy for you 2! Happy Sailings!!! 🙌🙌🙌🙌
It's so beautiful, the sail design, the colors, the crispness, and those windows!
Been awhile since I was at Subic Bay lol.  Doesn't look like it changed much.
I LOVE your choice in boats, builders, colors .. it's refreshing to see you two back on a boat. It's amazing to see the differences between you and the other channel with their trimaran, the shakedown, and issues .. good job !
Boatstamp!? ... **starts whitling a potato**
Projection tv. Just hang the screen anywhere and keep the projector in a dry place
Love your boat and very happy for the boat of you and I always look forward to watching you videos, you both are beautiful people. I use a outdoor blow-up screen n projector with a air compressor that ways two pounds and the size of a shoe, but here's the amazing part. It's Bluetooth and wifi! You could take it to the beach, light a fire and watch a movie. And on your boat you can place it anywhere. Outside, inside, on the floor, on the couch, on a table, in the bedroom... basically anywhere you can imagine and you're not locked in to a specific mounted position. They aren't too expensive, a very good speaker and/or tie into your boat speakers. The whole package is light and very portable, just imagine being on the beach, a fire, a beach, beer/wine AND A MOVIE ! Whaaat!
Be careful out there with all the tension in the South China Sea. The new vessel looks beautiful. Congratulations.
Nikki is so hot for a 50 year old.
Love it! What an excellent experience overall!  One minor thing I noticed (I’m a truck driver and see this a lot with other motorists) as you were pulling into port, at night, the brightness level of your display screen was still in daytime mode. In the interest of preserving your night vision, is there a dark mode? Maybe an auto-adjustment setting and/or a color inverting mode that makes the white background black.
What's with sexy tassels?
Please do video on the Marshall Islands registration. Thanks!
Well, I'm delighted to see you two on your new boat, at last!  I'm new to the channel but the last six weeks or so have been a cliff hanger waiting to see you on the new "cat!"  It's the cat that has me here, the hybrid engine & solar & sails. You two are fun, too. Thanks for the opportunity to enjoy your "boat of the future."
Y'all are the hardest working YouTube sail couples... appreciated!
How easy (or not) would it be to make a passage with only one person if, God forbid, one is sick or something?
Huge smile thanks! Glad you're back on the water. Love the ride. 🤠
Beautiful beautiful boat HUGE congrats I love the COLOR PALETTE AND the Striped Screacher GREAT Job 👍👍👍❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉
Many, many congrats on your huge achievements over the last few years! You deserve everything - you're such a lovely couple! I've "known" you both for nearly ten years and you seem like dear friends, which sounds ridiculous but you share so much, with so much honesty and generosity that I can't thank you enough. Would love to hear about why you decided to register Curiosity in the Marshall Islands too if you can. Warmest wishes from the south of Manchester in the UK for a wonderful future to you both . Lots of love and take care of each other xxx
why is it that boat keeps swinging like 120 degrees at anchor,no bridle or what?
That rascal Jason better wear that kill switch lanyard on the dinghy. Naughty boy.
Philipino theme song. Now that made me laugh out loud. Beautiful boat, I can’t imagine how you must feel!
I want to know about bikini Marshal Island
As a mechanical engineer/sailor, Working at tiki bars for years in southern Florida one of the major tricks for keeping tvs running out side in the weather Was to just never turn them off (water doesn't condense on warm objects). Now that obviously doesn't work well for power consumption on a boat but their are ip67 rated panels but they aren't usually sold as tvs but can usually be sold pretty cheaply and you run an hdmi from what ever source devices you want to send signal from and those items you try and burry somewhere inboard the boat. Enclosures around the TVs typically get bulky and can actually trap heat and moist air and ruin picture quality usually because of a second cover lens but ill try and forward on some links to some reasonable displays that would eliminate all that
Fantastic way 2 go
Best Sunday breakfast entertainment ever.  Love your boat so much.  The color would definitely be my only choice.
I cant comment with any authority on projectors But I absolutely would have a Sonos sound system hooked up.
Not a sailor (but I play one on tv) but it’s seems odd that the throttle controls are directly in front of the wheel at least at the port helm. Seems fine if your motoring out at sea however, in port, seems like that would be odd to have to stick your arm through the wheel in order to adjust the throttle while you’re trying to steer. I see now that’s it’s only with the wheel in the center location and maneuvering in order to dock you’d have the wheel either all the way out to port or starboard respectively.
Beddy’s Bedding would be great
What you should buy is a short throw laser projector. They allow the proctor to be close to the screen and get a large image on the screen.
Steve & Judy -  ‘Sailing Fair Isle’, use a Apeman projector.
Be water my friends❤
So excited to have you back onboard!
HH makes an incredible boat.   With so many things going on there will obviously be things the will need to be sorted but If I had an extra 2 Million USD falling out of my pockets I would love to live on one.    The ability to run with little to no fuel burning will be very nice for the running costs.      With the starlink I would be able to keep working  but I can't imagine a bank ever willing to fund a boat loan that big.   ... TL;DR... Awesome... looking forward to seeing all the videos.
Yes, please make a video on registering in Marshall Islands.
Congratulations, beautiful boat, (I love the color)!
Boat is beautiful. Gorgeous colour. Living layout seems great too.
The Helm is nice, How bout when weather is bad ?
Been following you guys for years was just excited when you said you were getting a new boat .she is fine lady in fact looking at other YouTube boaters yours ogbbbbb
There are a lot of new laser projectors hitting the market. Fingers crossed some manufacturer picks you all to test 🤞🏻. They even have laser TV's now, so not just projectors.  Love the new boat. She's beautiful and this was a really good video. Very thoughtful. It's great to see you all back and settling in ❤
Stunning! Enjoy the morning yoga and your new (old) routine. Off to the mat ourselves. ❤
For a quick want movie nights while finding the best screen…here’s my tip and it works! Trust me with teenagers once with lots of friends …..get a white sheet cut it to size get some strong circle magnets trim out sheet and sew magnets into “movie screen sheet” if your door frame is metal viola if not trim your “ screen” and put on double sided Velcro …get black so it blends in to your boat so it doesn’t stand out….. easy to remove and put somewhere else on boat inside or outside just add the Velcro where you want it…then goo begone to get rid of residue once you have a more permanent movie screen in place. Soo soo glad to see you guys on your boat looking happy…..I’ve watched the last few episodes several times…..just excited for you guys….and thanks for taking us with you on this journey and the ones to come!
I don't know if you can but try cutting a piece of plywood under the bed if you can't fit one big piece there then cut the wood in half and put them together with a piano hinge put this under your bed for easy lifting and maybe two eye hooks at the end to lift with don't know if you can attach to your ceiling but it would make it easier to access  your engines make your bed or get two prop ups kinda like a hood on a car.  Hope this helps  Love you guys from a Fellow Texan who grew up on flying scots and Hobies!!!!
Looks amazing!!   So excited for you guys!!!
Long time watcher here. Love the adventures. I think it time to adopt a dog! ❤
So happy for you both.  Have either of you played about with learning celestial navigation both as a hobby while passage making and as a backup when GPS is being degraded by bad actors (as is the case in the Black Sea from time to time). Electronics can be put out of service by lightning strikes. There are many iOS and android apps to help you learn. I taught the course for many years in the 60s and 70s and 80s and the kinesthetic ability to take sextant sights from a small boat is one that must be learned just like riding a cycle must be learned. But sight taking from a small boat is a skill that must be regularly practiced to be kept in peak readiness. Some one skilled in the art can have a positional uncertainty that is 10% that of someone that just learned to take sights on land or in calm conditions. Sail Safe. Cheers Windy.
welcome to our country. have fun and enjoy 😊
I hope this is your forever boat, cuz I can't do another build. I've popped in, but I haven't watched since you sold Curiosity I .
No fake smiles here :-) :-) Congratulation with her.
Stunning Picture ~ The JMGO N1 Ultra Triple Color Laser 4K Projector!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4fKT_C2rUc
Now that you have a cruise  under your belt how do you like the pointing ability of the mini keels.
Just got to say...  love those cushions!! Be well, love you guys.
I can remember when you were in your motorhome crossing into Alaska and got a flat tire, which Jason fixed. I can remember when Nikki discovered HH was going to start making 44's and so excited to tell Jason about it. Look what you 2 amazing people have accomplished. You are witnessing today what was merely a vision several years ago. I am beyond happy for you guys and so proud of you. You deserve this!!!   Jay from Pa.
Amazing boat and video guys Please make a video regarding your registration in Marshall Islands
Glad you guys are back on the water...
🤠
I would like to know why you chose Bikini to register
I saw a projector screen on a van video that was attached using some kind of magnet/hook system.  If that worked for you then your moving screen around would be easy.  The van owner moved it around the interior with the same idea of flexibility you have. I am sorry I don't remember the video.  He had two areas with attached magnets and the projector just hooked up that way.
Ok I have a question, can your boat be configured with a inside steering station?   I know that sounds nuts, but with inclement weather in certain parts of the world, I would rather be inside Steering my boat. I’m sure it would take a lot of time and effort to figure that out.
😀⛵👙Enjoy your week ❤
Great to see you two back out on the water in your brand new boat. It’s been quite the journey.
Congratulations!! This is going to be an epic journey, traveling while testing/proving newish technology!  I may have missed this, but did Jason get his dishwasher?
I would also like to hear about the benefits of registering a boat in different countries.
So good to see the tow of you back on th3e water!
HH cats have been my dream boat since a little before you ordered so I am very happy to see your commissioning go so well.  I just hope this doesn't result in HH going "up-market" because the 44 is a stretch and a 40 is what I need (scaled down size and price). I was particularly surprised by your regen, but then it was disclosed that the prop is a compromise.  Most boatbuilders avoid even discussing this possibility and downplay regen instead.
So so good to see you guys back on the water. You’re our guilty pleasure sailing watch. #teamdishwasher
It seems like just yesterday that you were taking sailing lessons and getting ready for this great adventure. Now I’m amazed at how you’ve mastered almost every nuance of cruising including provisioning, clearing in and out of countries, getting your SIM cards, and so much more. You two are like sponges when it comes to acquiring new knowledge. Also I love your new boat. She’s the nicest new launch I’ve seen maybe ever and the hull color is perfect! Enjoy her!
Yes, please tell us more about registering your boat in the Marshall Islands. Thanks. Great video.
Congrats!  What a road you traveled :).  Happy travels!
Jason, I’m interested in Bikini.  Nikki, I’m interested in bikinis!  :-)
So very excited for you guys!!  Chill, relax and enjoy 🥰❤️. Looking forward to the boat tour 🥰. Would also love to hear about registering your boat in Bikini Marshall Islands.
welcome to my country! watching from Seattle Washington
We are very happy for your new acquisition and especially to see you sailing again, we have followed your adventures from the very beginning, we love your videos. We wish you many more great adventures. From Quebec Canada, Liliane 👍🥰⛵️
I kinda new here but have quickly fallen in love with you guys and your boat and life philosophy😍.  Can't wait to goof on your older videos of early days of "swabbin' the decks" mateys"!!! ❤❤❤👍🙏
You two sitting with the mountains as your backdrop..... it's truly paradise! Hope it's everything you imagined - kiss a chicken!
One little thing about the last two yeats. You chose to sell your boat, and you chose to go globe-trotting. I can describe to you what true roughing it really is. 😊
I would love to hear about why bikini.     I am guessing taxes
Congratulations you guys deserve the great life that you live.
Sonic Pebble ice maker! Ice cream maker! Domestic spare fridge/freezer! Butane gas camp stove for backup if your induction powered stove fails! Ceramic coating on the dingy for marine life gunk protection? Test the dishwasher yet? Results?
tbh  I can't believe I stuck around this long after you sold the boat. It was a little sketchy at first but you guys have kept it interesting. Philippines is a beautiful place, looking forward for some new adventures, getting back to basics.
It's so great to see y'all with those big smiles back on your faces again. Take some time for both of you to get back into living the good life again. PS, the new boat looks great but y'all are the true treasures of Gone With The Wynns!
Great legs nikki❤
Yes, I'm interested to hear your thoughts on the Bikini registry. Thanks.
So I am sure your viewers would like to know what does a boat like this cost ?
We put an 80" projector screen in our RV. I imagine you'll have the same problem we did. You may need a short throw projector, but not a super short throw projector, and those seem to be less common. Basically, make sure the distance from where you want the screen and where you want to mount/sit the projector is supported by the model you chose. Also, make SURE it's lighting source is LED. The regular bulb types use like 5x the power. We went with the XGIMI Horizon 1080p version and have been happy with it.
Love this adventure you are on ,very impressed with this boat
How far have you both come from buying catamarans in Florida with Kent !  Watched every episode since those far away days ! The first part , with  Curiosity 1, has been your apprenticeship. Now the real journey begins!  Well done both, fair winds, I wish you so much success!  Enjoy your week off xx
The boat is beautiful  you guys! So happy for you both... I can't wait to see where you go next!
If you find a projector that you like (or even if not you can pretend or use a flashlight) get some painters tape and a white sheet and experiment with screen locations to your hearts content to figure out where you want to place it. Once you know that you'll have a better idea of what to look for in a screen.
I’m glad you mentioned that because I was wondering why you guys registered your boat out of Bikini
Yes please explain the Marshal Island registration.
We have used a window roller shade as a projector screen. You can order them in any size you need, get one that’s suitable for outdoors etc. we used one that was 5%  open & the image could be seen clearly from both sides.
The best in the Philippines to visits are EL Nido,Coron,Balabac,Port Barton in Palawan and cebu city and so much more to explore,welcome to my beautiful country
Maybe you should make an hour long video
Why bikini?
Awesome boat! Hope you enjoy it to the fullest. Concerning your potential movie screen location, definitely with the cabin as your back drop, as you can never be certain of your orientation to the sun behind the screen.
I'm interested in bikinis...
So excited for you both. I have been watching since the purchase of Curiosity 1. Seems like the long wait for Curiosity 2 was worth it. Looking forward to many more adventures with the Wynns.🍾🎉
2 million ?
Beautiful boat and you both look so happy. Enjoy your sailing!
That was one heck of an exhale. Congratulations!
That's not the Olongapo I remember from 67-69.
Congratulations on your beautiful new boat.I don't think you could have done a better job
The only real direct competitor with eco everything I can see for your boat is the Windelo 50, which was not in production when you ordered yours. Its got a forward cockpit like HH is thinking about, but IMO with its somewhat blunt window design to avoid sunshine coming in is just not as pretty as yours!
its good to see you guys back on the water and settling into your knew home :)
Love the new Curiosity!  Love you guys, sooooo happy to see you back in a boat!
In the short term, a white sheet with some weight clipped to the bottom makes a very functional movie screen.
Wow she looks amazing! Congratulations!
You look marvelous❤ the beauty of nikki❤.........be formless shapeless like water
It has been fascinating watching you go through the process of the boat build, plus your trip to the mountains was breathtaking.  One thing I would like to see though, is the electronics and navigation systems explained a bit. I am not a sailor, but I have been on some tourist type sails. One was on the Kewaitin out of Nassau for a day trip. We were at anchor in a cove for some swimming, when a block and tackle pulley broke at the top of the main mast. It came crashing down to the deck about a foot from where I was sitting. If that had hit me I probably wouldn't be here.
Yes please explain the Marshall island choice!
I rarely comment though I've been watching since the RV days. I just wanna say how very happy I am to see y'all so blessed! Welling up here like everyone else. I'm so looking forward to the next chapter for you. Best wishes and prayers for your safety. 💜😁
That thing is massive and beautiful 😮🎉
Yes, I am interested in Bikini. The islands. I know so many super yachts register their boats there also. I am just so excited for both of you with this boat. HH is on my top list of boats when I am ready to take that step. Can I just say how beautiful that turquoise is! I just love the color you picked for the paint. Awesome job!
Congratulations to both of you. Very happy for you guys, you've waited a long time for this. Now start making videos that I can watch. Lol
The new boat is so beautiful. I’m glad you said people cried at your last video because I teared up a lot at the complete joy you both showed at having your dream come true. Enjoy every minute!
This is all so very exciting
I'm so excited to find you back in your explorer mode. I joined your travels when you were limited to North America and mainly the United States, but then you cast off from my neighborhood in South Florida to travel the world.   And then the whole world shut down! Damn the pandemic for ruining our "best" Sunday morning adventures! However, you continued to amaze us with a whole new kind of journey! And we've been there by your side during your new stage of adventures with quick trips  around the world to see family and friends, quarantines, moldy boats and the clean up projects there of, and new visions for the future.   So now, we're all at a NEW beginning of new adventures, and in a brand new boat... with our old friends.   I, like everyone else, am excited and thirsting to see where Curiosity is going to take us nowadays. Finally, we all get to set sail again!!! I'm so happy for you AND all of us.  Oh, I bought a 30' class A almost a year ago and am spending time getting myself and my RV up to running speed for a take off in October. This is in order to travel from Washington state back down to Florida to retrieve my belongings I left there.   I'm naming my beauty, Travelicious. It's a name my daughter created for me decades ago, because I've been traveling since the 1950s! Delicious travels that have let me see most of the United States, a good bit of Europe, and even a few trips into Africa.   So here's wishing Curiosity good travels from Travelicious on her new travels.  ❤🥰❤
I would love to know why you registered your boat in the Marshall Islands.
ZTE spro 2 for the projector. It will do 1080p for up to a 10 foot screen. They are WiFi enabled and I have used mine for 9 years now. It has survived 2 kids, Iraq and Afghanistan.
So happy for you guys.  It's so long away from those early RV vids.    WOW.
My Curiosity is peaked about why you registered the boat in the Bikini Islands.
Please be super careful out there, guys !
Happy New Year SV Curiosity! Goodnes you both are a perfect fit for each other... couldn't be in better shape!!
I'm thrilled for you both!  I've been watching you since you were beginner RVers, and while I'll never be a boat person, I absolutely LOVE your videos and look forward to them each week.  I'd be lost without your zest for life, it's always been an inspiration to me!   Enjoy your week off, and I can't wait for the boat tour!
Here come the family to visit.
Beautiful boat.  Order your outboard now.  Then when decide you don't have enough power on the dinghy it will be arriving...
For some reason my brain STILL wants you guys to sail across to NZ and pick-up where you left the old Curiosity and keep the journey across the Pacific going. Nezt stop Australia, then the Indian Ocean, Kimberley region (you MUST NOT miss fishing there!) & onwards 😊
Congratulations🎉 it’s nice to see you back in your natural environment
I would love to hear more about Bikini....s...and more. :)
A beautiful boat and congratulations. Stay safe.
Would love to hear the Bikini - Marshal Island story!   I LOVE y’all are back on water, adventures ahead❤❤❤
Aw I'm so happy for you both! To see you back in your element, enjoying the fruits of two years of work and effort to be right where you are. It makes me very happy for you and thank you for sharing this with us. Your videos are so educational and sweet. I feel like part of me is there with you.
Having just been on Ruby Rose 2, your mattress comments came off a bit rude.  But not surprised, it seems as if you go out of your way, not to mention that crew.
I’d watch that bit about the Marshall Islands. Congrats on splashdown! I’ve been dying to see you guys back on your own boat again, too. ❤
Great video.  So excited for you.  Looking forward to your adventures.
Yeah, why Bikini registration? Tax benefits? Insurance? Or do you plan to become modern day sailing Christian Diors and Coco Chanels?   Do you have big & small squeegees to wipe the windows after a  wash of the windows? :¬) Webhead USA
How in the world did you finance this yacht ?
Finally it feels right to say congratulations with Your new boat- cause now it  feels like YOU feel, that she  is your boat 😃
good for you guys. well deserved you two, you work so vary hard
For projector tips from people like me it would be helpful if you drew out a floor plans of sorts with measurements. Where is the projector going and distance to screen and where will people be sitting. Also with your new fancy boat can you tie into the stereo system to have a projector push sound through the boats speakers. Does the boat have a sound system or do you just rock out a Bluetooth speaker. Also I just became a Patreon.
Phenomenal catamaran
I would be interested in a short vid on why Bikini!
I hope you go to 2x a week on your shows
Yes!...     I  must know more of the Marshall in a Bikini. ⛵👙🌴
Love the video…great to see you back in your element.  I also follow another sailing channel, “Spear It Animal.” They just did a re- fit and added a projector and screen.  You might reach out to them for some insights.
In the Navy subs we call it hot racking
Yes, I would be delighted if you made a video on your new boat's registration in the Marshall Islands.  Cheers and Congratulations.
Jason, please tell us all about Marshalling the bikinis while on the unmoored island that is commonly known as Curiosity.  The whole of the sailing, this that and all the other things are friggin phascinating.  . o O (wondering if this has just completely spun your mildly neurodivergent mind.)  Love ya'll, FWFS
Like everything except that dinghy!
👍✅🏝 Please more about 👙🤣🤣🤣
i did notice one thing...the boat is awesome! ❤❤❤
Made our day seeing all the smiles.  Happy sailing.   We are looking forward to being along for the ride.
I'd love to know what the criteria was in making a decision about where to register your yacht.
I am absolutely interested in why you are registering your boat in Bikini.
Happy  Happy happy!!!!!! Beautiful Boat
hi..welcome here in the Philippines..
Congrats on your new home, it's absolutely amazingly beautiful and your smiles are wonderful to see. I don't have any recommendations on what kind to get, but waiting to get a projector and screen is a good thing. Now you have the ability to find out where the best location would be to put it 😊.  I can't wait to see more of your videos 😍
Um yes tell me about your Bikini
Love the boat, the best build compared to any boat I have watched recently. Can’t wait for tour inside . Enjoy🎉😎plus the engines and electric propulsion system ❤
Hello my daughter loved your cat ear hat so I got her one.
The smiles on your faces are priceless!  I am so happy you are able to catch back up with yourselves this week!  The boat is beautiful!  I LOVE all of the space you have in the living area, perfect when all of the family is onboard!  🥰  Enjoy the week off!  Looking forward to seeing you have some fun again without stress of the next night's stay.
Check out Our way to Rome. They did a magnetic screen and projector so they could move it to different spots
I cannot put my finger on it but you two are looking so radiant. I guess the stress of living on the road the whole time WHILE buying a boat took it's toll. Really glad to have you back.
Red Horse!!!! When I served in Korea that was my #1 beer. It’s a love hate relationship for most people. It’s actually a malt.
It’s great to be on the water again.   I am curious of why the Marshal Islands.
Greetings from South Africa,I have never been on a boat,but love watching youguys
Back to Wynn adventures I can wait for that. I hope you get to go for a dive or two.  Hell take two weeks, take care of yourselves. ❤❤
I also would like to hear about registering in the Marshall Islands.
Did you guys fly the hull during sea trials?
Congratulations Niki and Jason! It’s been so much fun watching you guys from campers to now. I know it’s nice to finally be settled on Curiosity.  Fair Winds!
1:15 Pictures or it didn't happen. 😄I jest Internet calm down.
If you do have a warranty issue how do you get it fixed? Would you have to return to the factory in China?
Yes please explain the registration
Get the ice cream maker!!!!
So happy for you guys. Living the dream and inspiring for the rest of us.
So is the new boats name Curiosity or Curiosity II? Did the couple that bought the previous Curiosity rename her?
Should have bought a cheaper boat? Funny.
Bikini, Marshall Is. Please,
Why Bikini Marshal Islands?
I remember when you bought your last boat. It served you as good as possible but when you started doing these repairs because half the hull fell apart or the window wash getting blind, I really felt sorry for you. I really wished I had a rich uncle who would pass away, a casual Picasso from the flee market or something so I could get you a boat that would match your styling better.
Love you guys 💙
Is your mattress size comparable to a residential queen?
safe travels you 2.
It has been a long time since you started your build. I’m so happy to see you on your own on your brand new HH44! I can’t wait to follow along.
Just so happy to see you both so happy again.
We had a sunshade white screen that was perfect as a backdrop for a projector when we sailed in the Caribbean.  Not perfect, but two uses.  It was a mesh like material, we rolled it up by hand and used a couple straps to put it away.
Glad to have you back on the water, looking forward to the exploration of new and amazing places from you guys
I'm interested in why Bikini.
so when is Ricco and Victoria coming over for a sail?  oh, and the Zatara crew, will they make it to the boat also ?
Damn missed you guys just by a bit, we just left subic Bay, enjoy Subic Bay. SV Somerset
My wife and I started having a dinner and a movie night over 10 years ago just to relax. It is one of the better ideals that we have had. Hopefully you can do something like this also.
Yes projector! Often overlooked excellent idea, perfect use case, tech has come a long way. BHPhotoVideo. I’m sure you’re familiar. Not Amazon no quality there anymore!
👍🏻
Astounding!  Sheets?.....get yourself some  stretch sheets, no wrinkles and they spring on to fit mattresses perfectly! And they stay that way!
Looking forward to future adventures! 🎉
Great to see very happy Wynns. It would be interesting to know why you registered the boat as you did. Enjoy your new home!
I am very happy for you. Have followed since the first RV. Would love to see the total boat since you have moved on and it is finished. Would love a new tour. ❤
Great to see you guys out sailing again.  So the crew that you dropped off.  Were they in China just for your boat build or do they continuously change locations?
We’re definitely happy that you two are back on your own boat. I will admit that I’ve been catching back up on your adventures. I first found you two right after you purchased Curiosity 1.   You two have definitely been inspiring us to make things happen and pull the trigger sooner vs later. Would love to learn the benefits as to why you’ve chosen Marshall Islands for the registry vs anywhere else.
Hey guys can you tell us what the boat cost? My wife and I are pondering selling everything to buy a very similar cat and would love a total cost - guessing ~$2M USD
So happy for you guys! And Nikki, your dress is adorable and you looked so cute!
Congratulations, again! Really impressed and inspired but your growing confidence over the life of the channel….with sailing, documenting, and working as a team…love the channel!
Awesome. Congratulations. All the best!
Why register in Marshall Islands bikini, instead of, say, Fiji?
Congratulations on your new boat! Was there an official christening. Don’t believe you’d want to smash a champagne bottle on the prow, but if there was an official christening video I missed it! Patiently waiting for further videos!
What a beautiful boat. So happy for you both.
You can have a couple sets of Mounting Points so you can move the Projector Screen around.
Have you encountered rough weather at sea? How do you think your boat will do in tropical storms that you can't avoid? What about other dangers?
Congrats on everything.....she's a beauty! How much does such a cat cost???
⛵⛵⛵⛵⛵
Soooooo jealous! Lol congrats on the new boat!!!  Also, if you mounted a screen on a swivel so you could swing it out of the corner, that would cover any angle for the screen, just an ideal...  fair winds and following seas!!!  P.s. awesome video!!!😊😊😊
Bikkinies yes please !
Happy for you 2.
Yes interested in  both bikini mi, and bikinis😊
Great video!  Have enjoyed following your journey over the years!
pardon my ignorance, what is a boat stamp?
Definitely more bikinis Jason.  There are never enough. With all due respect, you are a lucky guy. Flaunt it.
Beautiful boat.. .awesome job guys!
Lovely to see you both looking so happy.
so happy for you guys , to finally see you on your new boat !
for the beds...the wall panels seem a bit thick maybe just at the bottom they should be a bit thinner
Damn good video, awesome boat, my best wishes!
Absolutely awesome- enjoy your day
So happy to see a true Wynns video!  Will definitely miss getting a video next week but, we wish you well and a happy "you" week.😊
Dummy q, will you not get soaked when sailing in bad weather? Where is the rain/windcover? Just putting the steeringwheel to inboard side?
1.3 million usd.?
I can’t speak to the nautical resilience but I took my BenQ projector to Europe, Africa, and Asia over three years without issue. It did well using the converters and still works today! The bulb went out after about 4 years, but it was relatively inexpensive and I replaced it myself in roughly 15 minutes. I’d recommend them to anyone traveling. Congratulations on the new boat! Fair winds and following seas!
Excited for you both! What a great update. Can’t wait to see more!!!
Congrats! Terrific boat! We love the Anker Nebula projector. Compact 100% and works great!  Anker is a great company. We also have the 1000w solar generators - which we love. Not sure about the screen in a sailboat due to wind. Tried to add a photo. I sent it in an email to Jason.
I'm excited for you guys. How is the build quality compared to Seawinds? Are the helms protected in stormy conditions?
Oh finally ... On your own ...!!!
I was wondering about the engine noise. The engine compartment open makes sense.
Congratulations!!! Hope there's a chance to see the boat even from a distance or if lucky, a meetup while you guys are here in the Philippines!  Looking forward to alp the videos in the new boat!
Congratulations guys🎉love from Sri lanka
What did it cost.?
Marshall islands info please Jason...
Oh my goodness you don’t need to apologize for wanting and needing to take some time to organize, relax, meditate, get settled in and enjoy your new boat.   Take the time.  Don’t worry about and put pressure on yourselves to have to post the next video.  It took you several years and a lot longer and than you thought to get to this point so please take the time and enjoy the  moment.  Be well and stay safe.   Cheers from Canada eh!
You look sooooo happy.  it's contagious!!!
Awesome vid!! So happy for you guys. Absolutely want to see a video on flagging in Marshall Islands. BTW Curiosity 2's color is fabulously gorgeous! my favorite color seriously, Been watching you since day one, luv u guys!
Yes, Bikini registration explanation.
We tinted our RV windows ourselves, and it made a very huge difference.
So happy you are here in our country the Philippines.. I hope you get to island hop. Drop by palawan. Cebu. Surigao. Davao. Visit land locked provinces too.. So happy to see you guys sailing again. ❤🎉🎉
Love your new sailboat! Sail , sail, sail your boat! Life is but a dream!
Jason in Bikini's that will be cool but does it fit within YT's guidelines?? ;)
I'm looking forward to hearing your opinion regarding the helms in a year or two of cruising.
Yes!  So happy to see you sailing on your own yacht / home again! 🎉
Cant wait for rough weather review on this one.
Amazing to see you finally somewhat settled in.  Enjoy these days getting acclimated and take lots of time for yourself.  we'll be here!
Awesome!  We’re already getting back into the routine of things! Looking forward to sailing, exploring and evening videos whilst having a sundowner.  See you soon.  Be safe!
Love the boat and the colors and textures. Excellent choices.
Remember your screen needs to two sided or rotating on the vertical access.
Great to see you guy sailing can’t wait for you next adventures ❤
Please lay your bikini knowledge on us!
‘You don’t know the Philippino theme song?’ Ha ha
HONKY DORY ! CONGRATS ! CHILL  REST  ADJUST  SLEEP SUN FUN SWIM AND DIVE !
That was a professional ad segue, damn.
Is your boat roomier than the Zatara Boat?  Very HAPPY to see you both in your natural environment. You both are soooo HAPPIER now.
Like the look of the Cat, it's so open not banging into things moving about! I haven't seen the Philippines since 1976-77 West pack with the US Navy  Enjoy your time ashore. Looking forward to more great sailing videos. EMC(SW) ret.
So cool 😎 that you both do what you do! ❤thanks for your memories 😊
My favorite sailing couple is sailing again!  The boat is absolutely beautiful, and so are you two.
It’s amazing it’s been 8 years, I started watching you when you were in your motorhome. Jason, I’d love to know the reasons why you registered the boat in Bikini? I’m sure cost is one, but as an American I’m sad to see Dallas TX or some other US location not on the back. So truly happy for the both of you, looking forward to learning more about your boat and seeing your adventures.
Do you not have an anchor?
interested in Bikini Marshall Islands flag
Congrats again on your boat and your many firsts in your new…everything. Lol. I’m Filipino so I’m looking forward to your travels through the PI.  Enjoy!
So happy for you and us!!! Looking forward to all your new adventures!
I'm interested in Bikini Marshall Island and why to register there.
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻❤🇨🇦
Yes Bikinis!
I would love to hear about why you registered in Bikini, AND bikinis! (make sure to use lots of visuals!)  Super stoked for you guys right now.  It's been one long journey, but a new one is just beginning!  Safe sailing!  Cheers
Hey You guys .I have been following you for some time now . since your last boat and episodes like the stressful relaunch of the old boat where you just set sail and you guys sprung a leak in the faucet and lost a lot of fresh water . Any way this new boat is so great. I am so happy for you both . your new boat is so perfect . If I get a boat .For sure i am most impressed with yours. from the build to the sea trials ,the handing over to you and how the builders handled the whole ordeal . Very exited for you both . Looking forward to seeing all your new adventure's. You both deserve the best. Bravo and thank you for such great content .⛵⛵⚓⚓
Nice to see it’s going well so far. 😊 With the bed making, you might find it easier to lift the mattress up and put one side of the sheet on the raised side, then put it down and raise the other side and repeat. Then you’re not trying to wrestle the sheet and the mattress with your body weight on top. 😊
You guys are #1 no matter what the subscriber count says! Best adventure, best cinematography, best storytelling 100%. Congratulations and thank you!
That mattress will give a lil bit over time.
I would love to hear about the why of Marshall Island decision.  Truly impressed with HH Catamarans.  Curiousity is such a beauty!
This is like a restart of the channel. Looking forward for the content to come! 😀
You guys are a great way to start a Sunday morning. (6AM here in Manhattan Beach, CA). A positive influence with a backdrop of places in the world I've never been.  life is meant to be an adventure.  Thanks for sharing yours with all of us.
Bikini Marshal with a badge would be a novelty tee shirt...
How I wish I could see you guys here in phil. Congrats on your lovely boat! 🥰
Beautiful boat!❤
fantastic, look forward to your journeys as i enjoy my sunday mornings here in carrollton. congratulations again.
Marshall Islands, yes please.  Glad your voyage to Luzon was good, with good company.
Please do tell about the Marshal Islands!
Hi! I feel you got a lot of things to worry about your new boat. But I hope your stay in the Philippines will be worthwhile and have fun. You'll be fine, you will see.😊❤
Im so happy for you guys. Excited for the boat tour.
I am curious. Does your new boat have air conditioning if you would ever need it?
Beautiful yacht!! You guys are settling in nicely. Cant wait for the next videos!! Thanks for bringing me on your lifes adventure!! Curiosity is the key. Enjoy!!!!
Yesssss❤❤
When are Nick and Terysa coming aboard?
Very nice !!
Hi! from a Filipino fan. Congrats with your new boat. Hope to see your boat somewhere. happy sailing!
Sooooo glad you’re back on the water! Love your new “glide” and can’t wait to join you on your adventures. So, where are we off to next? ❤️
Congratulations!  So exciting to see you guys in your boat all by yourselves. She really is a beauty. Soak up the sun and relax. Thank you so much for sharing. ❤
You need to add to your family. 🐱 🐶 baby.
It's a "no brainer":  sales tax in Texas (6.25% of the sale price) vs registration in Marshall Islands, about $60k vs $3k.
Great job on the video folks! Thanks for making it.
Wishing you FAIR WINDS.
Lots of good memories sailing around Subic Bay. "Whatever's local" would be San Miguel beer and lumpia in Olongapo City.
Welcome home!
Mabuhay!, welcome to the philippines
Looks like helm is open. What do you do during foul weather sailing? Rain, cold weather, etc?
❤❤❤ LOVE the color ❤❤❤
Welcome to the Philippines
While camping we could not keep the sheet on the air mattress so I made sheets that are like a pillow case. Take the mattress off and slide the pillow case on in the aisle then place the mattress back. Turn the clean side up to change the sheets. Put an electric fence zapper on the tailgates to keep intruders off your boat.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, hurry, hurry, hurry.........and relaaaaaaaaax. Sundowners watching a big screen movie with your loved one....all is well  x
SOOOOOOO. HAPPY. FOR. YOU. ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Who makes your mattresses?  Looking at upgrading ours.
Do a meet up sit Sailing La vagabond
get the nebula cosmos laser 4k projector and an ALR screen from Elite Screens.
Here's an awesome mix for UV Protectant. For 32oz bottle... 2 oz of High Grade Mineral Oil 2 oz of Johnson's Pink Baby Lotion 28 oz 303 Aerospace UV  Anything you would use Armorall type product... This stuff is far better.
Great to see you back on the water the boat looks great so happy things have gone well so far kick back and enjoy ❤
Congratulations great looking boat safe sailing and fair winds.
I thought the bikini name was you guys just being pervs turns out its was a place name, what a strange world :)
talk to la vagabonde they had one on there channel that she seemed to love. projector
👍🏻would love to👂🏻why Marshall Islands Bikini.
Ph🇵🇭🇵🇭❤️
Congrats on your first passage, have you brought any need toys, camera equipment, bikes, and can you tell us how do you determine your next destination.  Again, I am so excited I feel I am there with you.  PS.  How is that water maker working out for you.    Master Sergeant Ronald Williams USMC
YES!!!! Tell us EVERYTHING!!!!!
I would like to see a video on Why you chose Bikini for your flag
Cheers 🍾 couldn’t be happier for you both ❤
So happy for the both of you!!  I’m sure it was worth the wait!  Enjoy your time and look forward to your next video in two weeks!!  Happy sailing!!
If you are going to get a projector? I would looking to a laser projector and with a good surround sound system. You will be not be disappointed. :)
Great video, thanks for all your sharing of what is great about Curiosity II.  Looks like you are settling in nicely and feeling comfortable sailing it with just the 2 of you.   I am curious what is the attraction for the Marshall Islands ?  I noticed your new home port on one of the earlier videos.   Enjoy getting boat ready for your "official" boat tour for ALL of us who enjoy sailing ⛵with you.
hi hi jeffrey here from NYC - big fan of your channel and your journey to the new boat. I grew up on a 70ft sloop in the Caribbean in the early 1970's so i am living vicariously thru your adventures. I hope with this installment with you arriving in the Philippines I can give you a compass heading or 2.  I was married for 7 years to a Filippina from a fairly well off family and visited and dove in the islands 9 times in those 7 years years. We were married on a tiny tiny island called Sangat just outside off of Coron. It's a dive resort and my buddy Andy owns it so give them a shout and head down there. The diving is spectacular!  Andy is English and bought the entire island 30 years for the cost of a small apartment here in NYC. The resort is very rustic, totally self sustained with an organic farm, hot springs and a vibe i found to be really unique for the country.  https://sangat.com.ph/  The whole island chain of Palawan which Sangat is a part of is amazing, as is El Nido  south of Sangat which I highly recommend you see as well .   You might be thinking of visiting the famous white sand beaches of Boracay though there a fine white sand islands almost everywhere, if you do head that way, moor on the north of the island at small fisherman's cove called Diniwid. friends own Diniview https://diniviewboracay.com/diniview/ are from sweden and have been there for 25 years.  jeffrey
Congratulations 🍾 you both sound so happy. It’s been a long time coming. It’s a pleasure watching your videos Sunday mornings. I wish your videos were longer especially now with all the new toys. Bikini 👙 I’m curious to know
I really appreciate the clarification on the engine noise levels, they seemed extreme in previous video.
Yes please on marshal islands explainer video!
Very happy for you. The pure joy of the last two videos, came straight through. What a nice feeling, sharing your stoke. Happy, thanks.
regarding your regen- what props do you have installed? Gori?
Congratulations! Curiosity looks great. It sure is nice to see you guys back on the water.
Rest well!!!
You Owe Us Nothing! We are happy to be here for your adventures. See you in 2 weeks love you so much. you are adorable.
Amazing to think that it has been 8 years.
Huge sunglasses
❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤ i am happy for you guys  and for my self now we have more adventures  and lovely videos 😊😊😊😊😊😊
There is something about sailing that makes you into a strong person. You learn early on that if you don’t keep your wits polished you are done.  I sailed a lot in my early life and can attribute the best bits of me to sailing.  I would not have missed it for worlds, congratulations to you both……your future will be plain sailing!!
I still see that helm station buried to view fully ahead, to me, as a sailor, it can be a bit dangerous as you really cannot see the water right in front of the boat for floating debris or whales.  We shall see.  Great boat and god bless,  god speed with good winds in your new journey.  Great channel with a very cool couple.
Congrats on your new boat, I don’t know about movie projectors, but if I was you I would get a plain white sheet for your movies this way you can take it down and move it wherever you want it and it’s not fixed in one spot.  We still love watching you guys thanks for sharing
Very beautiful 🌺😊🙏
Welcome to my country! Hope you have a great time here in the Philippines!
I missed my Wynn"s on their boat! Soooooo exciting
I'd like to hear about registering in the Marshall Islands. Congrats on the new boat!!
Now that you have a couch outdoors, when it rains is there like a get-the-pillows-indoors moment or you realize you can't sit on the wet couch for awhile?
So nice to see you back on the water.
I few years ago I started with a silly Walmart $200 projector. After a TON of research, I went with the Sony VPL-XW5000ES-B and I could not be happier with it! I highly recommend!
Glad to see that you are settling in!  A little suggestion, in my 19ft Airstream trailer my bed is tucked into the corner, which means that only 1 bottom corner is free from a wall.  So, I used a down duvet that I don’t have to tuck neatly in anywhere and it masks that the bed isn’t made perfectly. I recognize that a down duvet wouldn’t work for you, but maybe a silk duvet would work almost as well. Silk duvets are great in any weather and I have owned one for years. They are incredibly durable as well and resist all kind of things.  So, maybe something to consider. See you in two weeks!  ❤️❤️
Welcome to the Philippines!!!  We are excited that you are here!
🎉so exciting!!! You both look so happy!
This boat looks amazingly beautiful. I have a question...how to the lines work with the multiple helms work?
Yes, I would love to know why Jason's gonna wear a bikini.lol
Finally! The boat looks good on you. /Catta from Sweden
Im happy for yall. The boat looks amazing
Will you be visiting the Manila bay???? I wanna see both of you!
Welcome to my country Philippines 💙
Love it..." who knows what?"   thats the whole point !!!!!
I would be very interested in why you chose the Bikinis
As long as the dishwasher works, you're good to go. Huge windows, huge sunglasses. Lol. Blessings.
On the projector, tula’s endless summer, has a sponsor for exactly that. Check them out.
Been watching since well before the Burning Man ep, and it's been quite a ride! Congratulations, and yes please tell us about the Bikini connection!
Easily the best sailing show on Web...Congratulations Curiosity and Gone with the Wynns.
Wow, I haven’t put a projector screen on a vote, I have rigged up all sorts of projector screens for backyard, fun and small events. Something that would be less permanent, but super easy to set up would be some nice elastic fabric, with grommets that you could use suction cups on the glassto hold your screen to the glass. That would let you close up all the glass and keep cool air in the boat if you’re running air conditioning. There’s all sorts of good cheap projectors out there.
HH built you an awesome boat! I have seen people have problems for 2 years on a new build. HH has it together.
Love your spirit, love your relationship with each other, your fans, the ocean and your inner self.  Truly you have found both your happy place and inner peace all in the same place !!!  Safe sailing and may the adventures continue, and thanks for taking us with you !!
Delay defrost is not a bad thing. It skips defrost as it determines a defrost is not needed.
I’d love to see that Bikini video :)
I would like to know more about the Bikini decision. . .also interested in the insurance for the boat and your choices and decisions.  Thx.
Please share reasons for choosing Marshall Islands flag.  I've enjoyed and learned a lot following your journey as we started our new build about 2 years ago as well with no prior experience.  We are loving our new adventure!  @mysticblueyacht
Wonderful! Great job getting through this last year
That framed shot of the two of you sitting on the aft lazarette looks so good …particularly with two massive smiles. Well deserved!   What a great boat. I’ve love watching and I’m so impressed with the HH.   Maybe you could Get your sailmaker to make you a white sailcloth screen for Movie night. It could double up as a sun awning.
Really like the design and layout of this cat, everything is well thought out.
Seeing the constant smiles on your faces as you talk about everything brings SO MUCH joy. Happy sailing! 😊
Do you keep guns onboard I hope?
The boat looks amazing and it's making me boat browse again.  Enjiy your week off.
You guys are so awesome!! I would be all over an hour long video!! Your videos are so awesome and I look forward to them every week!!❤❤❤
hi all im so happy ya cleared that up loud motor im like hagon isnt it electric?
Thanks again for a cool episode! I look forward to the tour episode. I watched the first one three times to pick up on the details and enjoyed it each time.  Thanks for taking us along!😊😊
Welcome home you two!  Well done 🎉
Congratulations! You two appear more relaxed, which is understandable.  Enjoy!
Love your new boat! It’s amazing! Excited to follow you on your continuing adventures!
Yeah we want the why Bikini Video ;)
It is wonderful seeing your giddy joy over your new home.
It is such a beautiful boat my only concern is all the black surfaces and how they will stand up to UV damage.
I also have eco drive. It’s on my Citizen watch 😂
Good lord has it been 8 years?!?
It's good to have you back in your native environment.
What would a Cat like your cost new from HH?
Yes please- we'd like to hear your rationale for registering in the Marshall Islands.  We are thinking of doing the same but would like to validate our assumptions.
It’s nice to be back in a comfortable routine of Bloody Mary and Winns on a Sunday morning!!!!!! Love your new boat and the both of you.  Happy Sailing ⛵️
None of my questions, or concerns, will be addressed. That is because they ignore me. I'm fine with it. But if they do see this; what adjustments from 'Curiosity 1' to 'Curiosity 2' would you make for 'Curiosity 3'? I know you're early in your assessment of 'Curiosity 2' but how do you assess what you desire vs what you need in a boat?
I started watching during lockdown and am so happy for this next chapter.
Wow worse Video you ever put out Very blury
What a charmless interior - like living inside a Dyson vacuum cleaner.
Nice boat. A strange sides note, I noticed you two do not wear wedding rings. Is that a security issue? I have seen people on  RV’s and boats wear those silicon things.
That is one good looking family home, wishing you many safe and happy miles.
Sail on WYNNS SHIP OF STATE. LOVE YOU BOTH!❤️❤️❤️
What's this boat stamp that you speak of? Is this boat stamp mandatory for every vessel?
Love,love,love your boat design, features & colour schemes!
What information do you need on a boat stamp.
45th YES
Now is when the real stuff starts, and congrats are in order: you're on your own, at anchor/mooring, and life is good. Do I get it right that Jason did NOT get sea sick on this passage? Something else to celebrate!!!😅
"It's more fun in the Philippines!"
Seem like a nice boat. Congrats.
The boat looks fantastic and it was right call for you to leave China when you did.  There has huge cold front and very very windy since last Tuesday.  Snowing these days as far south as Zhejiang.  wish I could be in the Philippines for the weather!  Hope you go down to Palawan
Absolutely beautiful!! Nice 🚢
Did you give up on composter toilets?
Can't think of any place I'd rather be. 🤔 The China Sea wouldn't make my list.  Thanks for sharing.
Super cool!
I would suggest building out a library of movies and shows on a Nas or external Hard drive  so you aren't beholden to a streaming device.
I was in Subic bay last week...I supposed you were there a month ago...or more???
I have watched you from you days runing around in your travel van and then the travel bus on ward towards your first Curiosity,
They're still stuck on the word, "crazy." I thought they would have grown out of it by now.
From a Holland Ameruca captain: :SHIP SHAPE IS AN IMPOSSIBLE CONDITION"  But you guys surely are close.
Two kids in the candy shop. Love it, Thanks for taking us along.
Where did you guys register the boat?
💚
Wynns are on,  I'm going to need a fresh coffee.
Welcome home!! You both deserve to finally rest a bit on your endless adventure. I love you guys! It’s been a crazy and fun journey with you guys. Thank you for including us!!
Been looking forward to this one... enjoy watching you guys and your path to a new boat
Finally The Wynns back in their natural element.  Hopefully there won't be too many more videos from hotel rooms for a while.  Keep the good stuff coming guys.
If you tally the minutes of smiles in this video, I'm pretty sure you have more "smileage" in this one video than any other sailing video you've posted. Love it!
Congrats guys!! It’s a beautiful boat!!
Red horse is the BOMB! I love the Philippines, have you seen the percentage of red horse? 🤪🍺
Lots of KFC in the Phillipines if your looking for local food LOL.
Cat's looking great. 😉 Cheers
Yeah. Whoop whoop ❤
Congrats guys amazing stuff, side note. PLEASE wear a killcord, I have witnessed myself people falling overboard and boats running up beaches and seen the aftermath of boats running over the person who fell overboard, can’t wait for more videos of your adventures. That OC tender is amazing by the way! Love it
Wow amazing I remember the moter home.❤😂
this bring memories back, i miss simba and cleo wandering on the boats😢  happy sailing to yall! enjoy the journeys ahead
Sweet I can't wait I am so excited to see this! I am so happy for you both you've dreamed, worked, and waited years for this I wish you every blessing. I am crying happy tears Say it again!!!! Congratulations!!
I’ve been watching for all 8 years and you all ARE sailors! From the days you bravely bought a boat and then learned how to sail to the patience you showed during the COVID lockdown separated from the boat, to the multiple waits on the new boat, I’ve never cheered on anyone more than you both. Mad respect and love! You deserve all the fair winds and following seas!
I have been to the Philippines
When you need to buy new sails, hopefully sails with solar cells will be common,
love your channel! The the new boat, she is beautiful!
Been waiting a week to see more of the boat. Finally another episode drops… 👏🏻
Maverick ran so fast to get here 1st. ... Thx guys..
Let’s gooooo❤❤❤
