Update 32.0 is actually real everyone!   Leave your paragon thoughts below. Didn't cover much outside of the paragon in this one but you can read the full patch notes here: https://redd.it/wfnm5s
The master builder is semi bottom path with pin
Can someone help me ? i unlocked the master builder but how do i upgrade to it ?    i placed 3 different lv 5 engineers and 17x (2.4,0)  im building in sandbox
As a engineer enthusiast I enjoy this paragon but the fact I have to control the green sentry is kinda annoying since I’m usually to busy spamming abilities to try and aim the damn thing
The Lego Movie is canon in BTD6
5 5 5 nah 6 0 3
Ah yes.. the most underused and overpriced paragon to this day lol
Literally 6-4-2
i allmost have it engineer peragon
one thing i noticed is that you missed sniper's supply drop and elite sniper, its also really good for farming
the paragon should get a little nerf but give towers in its radius buffs and make the green turret have a lock option
:)
why do you sound gay
Literally the Lego movie
hey, that void skin looks SICKKK
You might as well call it the actual sentry paragon rather than the engineer paragon
the zomgs get melted
Imagine if it overclocked other paragons
I know its super minor but the ninja monkey paragon is actually the most expensive at 1,000,000 xp!
in my opinion the ball of light before level 20 adora is good with stuff below a zomg. what do you guys think? comment below
You can do a special combination of clicking stones to reveal a egg in the waterfall in the new map
Decent paragon, but still, if you could overclock/ultra boost other towers and they also get the passive attack speed boost, it would be a 10/10 no matter what Edit: A bloon trap would also help a lot
This is a 6-0-0 not a 5-5-5 😕
I think they could've done a cool thing where they have the three mechs represent the three paths so one mech overclocks nearby towers automatically, and another throws down a trap more powerful than the tier five one automatically and the last one make even stronger turrets, and they can keep the same attacks except the main paragon itself has some sort of stupid powerful attack. I know this sounds awfully powerful, but it is 708k bananas. That's hard to get throughout the entirety of a match without dying, let alone saving that for one tower upgrade
0-4-0 sub, 10x cheaper
OmG bAtTlE mAcHiNe FrOm ClAsH oF cLaNs!!!?!!!!?!
Did you know you can door gunner the sentries from the mater builder?
this paragon is the literal definition of engineer gaming
how i get more XP for the monkeys
I try to follow your video with the same tower placements I just never know when, sometimes ill be on the same round and have less money then you and never enough to get the towers you put down
may i ask? why is the engineer paragon weak? i mean the moab pin is good especially with 3 projectiles and overclock, and with a paragon’s pierce that is enough to handle anything except bads and that is just the basic attack, there is still the green sentry which has unlimited range meaning non stop damage along with the other sentries for the rest of the damage, the only dissapointing thing is the overclock for other towers and the bloon trap, wouldn’t it be wierd to have a paragon able to buff others while the paragon itself cannot be buffed and the strength of that buff if the ultra boost already provides that much help, and i can’t imagine the strength of the paragon bloon trap if the tier 5 can already eat zomgs, the top path adds the sentries, the middle adds the self overclock and the bottom for the  extra 2 guns and moab pin, all are very powerful additions with the sentries for the semi towers, and the attack speed of overclock with the 3 guns and pin id say that enough.
when you see a person drowning ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~lol~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  do you see it?
“Currently the most expensive paragon” Ninja paragon :
This is 6-2-2
Emit is a better master builder
Wait so you have to put multiple engineers around each other all tier 5 and then do the big upgrade is that how it works?
I placed all the paragons on one of my runs. Dart monkey is useless..... And Buccaneer is amazing with its ability to instakill a bad and automatically kill anything smaller as its attack
Bloon trap is my favorite path.  Too bad it’s not important enough to be anything but a sacrifice to the paragon
Who thing the earthling sentry should be replace with a sentry that place xxl trap that trap multiple zomg
Why doesn't the middle of master builder shoot out like a claw and eat blimps whole to incorporate the trap? Wtf is this paragon? Literally just a 6-0-0 and nothing else
Ships just better and this things laser turret needs target lock
Woulda been great if he just became the engineer from tf2
LEGOOOOOOOOOO WOOOO I LOVE LEGO BLOCKS YYYYEEEEAH
for me it costs 705k
this shit weak af
Everyone should name him Bob
Hah, so the three t5's are almost better the this.
Imagine 5-5-5 paragon spike factory
E
0:19 currently most expensive paragon. NINJA PARAGON is expensiver bruh
This is currently the most expensive paragon  Ninja paragon:*cough* 1million xp
Haven’t watched in a while, why does the energy seem slightly lower than it used to? Also how are you doing with the condition/disease you had?
Been bloon trapping since btd5 just sad that after round 40 you get diminishing returns hittin like a truck Btw were the bloon vacuum at what paragon dont use his previeous lvl 5 upgrades
whats wrong with your audio?
It’s legit just a 6-0-0 engineer 💀 💀
Am just sad it doesn't have the foam  Everyone knows that ability is broken 😔
Class the ascended shadows is most expensive thing to buy with XP
Bruh nah b the most expensive paragon has to be ninja it costs 1 mil
Quarry map has a secret ISAB
I was really hoping the paragon would focus on the other upgrade paths, not just top path, it kinda disappoints  Imagine if they went with this gimmick but added "sentries" for each path, the one representing top path would place mini sentries, the middle path one would have an added monkey village style ultra boost effect for towers in range and the bottom path one could work like a bottom path bloonchipper did, while also generating income  such a shame
This paragon is mediocre to me
Sol elle yazıyom
feel like 6-0-0
"I am a master builder!" Dr micheal emmet from legoius (2014)
Engineer monkey now does legos lol
Tye most expensive paragon was the Ninja at 1 million
legos
paragon for my favorite tower? yes please!
master baiter :)
senteryparagon is back(the small paragons)
It's sad I can't get bloons td 6 I'm stuck with battles 😫
engineer gaming
it kinda fucking sucks
Guys why dont I have accses to this uptade?
Yeah in a engineer   I'm engineering my fucking limit
Damn bro so that's what Emmet built in the Lego movie... it all makes sense now
Master builder......... THE LEGO MOVIE?????
Tower is garbage. Price should be less than dartling since it’s the worst tower lol
All these comments have a point, this more seems like just an upgraded top path, it barely has anything from the other two paths
The blue one does more moab damage
I think some people might micro with the sentrys
the most expensive paragon XP wise is ninja ascended shadow, with 1 mil XP needed
0:18 it’s not ninja is a 1,000,000 xp
He had 196 free dark monkeys
Holy crap, this is really cool! I’m wondering how they will do Banana Farm seriously though lol
Sus thumbnail
6-2-2*
I played exactly this setup to get the engineer paragon the first time. But wow, that just shows me how much better ISAB is at farming than me xD
1 million  xp
Pretty sure it was like the ninja
Ngl they should call it goodora
the sentries are called sentry paragon
This doesn't feel like a 5-5-5 engineer, it feels like a 6-0-0.
The blue one covers one straight line while dealing massive damage, MAD style.  The red one covers a huge triangular area while dealing not as much damage, but completely obliterates crowds with inevitable damage.  The purple one uses it’s infinite range to destroy straight paths and breakthrough crowds.
See, I have him in clash for 4 elixer
Eeee
05:31 testing the monkey
Ninja paragon cost 1mil
False. The ninja is still the most expensive, as it costs a million.
so it has 3 turrets that shoot some of the highest damage projectiles.. madd, baloon amialator, and ray of doom
Lego Movie reference?
ITS THE GUY FROM THE LEGO MOVIE
btd6+ players rn:   ☹️
it needs one of its mega sentries to be the bloon chipper. that could function as a sudo bloon trap, while also bringing back a fan favorite in some form.
disappointed i didn’t see emmet from the lego movie
i have to grind out 400,000 xp i am in pain
It looks like emmets constructo bot from the lego movie but different
the pin, or "stun" on all the blimps is from bottom path (normally it only works on normal bloons but now on everything)
Would be nice to have a trap but the issue is once you get a paragon the trap seems… useless. It’s a way to get cash from balloons fast, but if you can already afford a paragon then money is not an issue for you. Maybe they could just add a really good trap where it’s like the legend of the night’s ability to send all balloons to a void or smth.  Also it not being able to overclock every tower in its radius is kinda sad, but paragons are meant to be *the* damage units, you don’t really invest in a paragon for support.  Just my thought let me know what you guys think.
what happened to his voice
Instead of overclocking itself each round, it should give you an overclock ability that's more powerful than ultra boost and can be used on paragons.  The 3 sentries should also spawn traps.  Maybe have a big bloon trap as well that it spawns after a really long cooldown? It probably shouldn't be able to trap BADs, but it would still have an impact.
what if bloons got sucked in at the end of the river thing and came out of the second waterfall
We have vengeful adora at home  Vengeful adora at home : voidora
Turret paragon…. You return…. After all this time.
I like how you specifically mentioned the 5-5-5 in the title
The title is kinda click bait versus UT is actually supposed to be "NEW 5-2-2 Engineer paragon"
It seems like the red one has weak moab dmg but high grouped damage
ISAB: This is the Most expensive paragon           Navarch of the seas be like: Am I a joke to you?
r u ill it sounds like it if u are I hope u get better:D
The nail dmg is 100 200 or 300 it changes
Title's pretty much inaccurate, this tower's 6-2-3 at best.
I misunderstood you and thought 2x 402 Engies would defend 63 alone (and lost an Another Brick tile in CT - whoops!) Next time I was a little less greedy and added Bouncing Bullets.
Green : inf range Blue : M.O.A.B class damage Red : Croud control  These are what i think the sentries do
Green = infinite range, average dps Red = bloon/MOAB stun, average dps Blue = High dps, no special effect
Laser sentry is obviously good for the great range and pierce, and I'd guess red's strength is the wide attack and good pierce
REd sentrey shoot 4 ina shot gun type blast actually
ur sick?
I love this thing, because I'm at least 95% sure this paragon tower is a massive Lego Universe reference. It's named the Master Builder, and if you compare its appearance to the Lego Universe character "Doctor Overbuild" (the faction leader of the faction where there's a literal Engineer class and all 3 classes are effectively variants of that) to this thing, it's near identical. Like, scarily similar. I'm not the only person who remembers this game and it makes me so happy. lmao
The paragon is cool but it seems to focus on the top path and not have the important features of the middle and bottom path. I think each sentry it builds should be themed after each path. One of the sentries would focus on DPS and spawn versatile mini-sentries of its own (top path), another would automatically overclock nearby towers every round and remove camo and lead from bloons with its attacks (middle path), and the last sentry would create its own traps that could eat BADs and have a strong pinning attack that can affect MOABs. The middle and bottom path sentries should still have a respectable damage output. I also think the main tower itself (the engineer, not the sentries) should have some power since most of the paragons power seems to be in its sentries. Maybe it could ultraboost nearby towers (including paragons) or have a stronger base attack.
Lego master
I think that if you replace one of the mega sentry’s the paragon should get some kind of ultra boost buff rather than overclocking him at the start of the round, they should have used the bottom path more because all he gets is a stun, so instead of a 5-5-5 the paragon is a bit more of a 5-4-2
most expensive paragon? glaive paragon was 1.5 mill exp
The lag is worse than its ever been. I been kicked from three games today and my internet is strong. Made me not even want to play and i finally get the engineer paragon and it was underwhelming.
It is underwhelming at best and sad puppy at worst.
It isn’t the most expensive paragon ninja monkey costs the most
isnt the ninja paragon one mil xp
God loves you
its pretty luch juast an 7-2-1
It overstocks itself to incorporate middle path and it stuns moab class bloons like the bottom path pin. I definitely think this is the weakest paragon for its price tho
can you buff the master builder sentries (also the mini sentries spawned by the bigger sentries)  ?? ????
Personally I feel as if they missed out the middle and bottom path properly. I would have had the engi paragon passively permaclock towers in range of it like a permabrew and would have given it a B.A.D Trap that could suck up a single B.A.D on top of many lesser moabs/bloons but give it a 30 second downtime between traps that doesn't start counting down until the trap is collected. (It would auto collect and place a new one at the start of each round for free to give you the trap money and to replenish it.) That would make it feel much more supportive as well as work like a last line of defense with it's trap.
I just dont like how the game is going with so many nerfs
Underwhelming tbh
voidtouched adora causes collapse on bloons
The "overclock", if you can call it that, is that after the first round the nailgun attacks faster.  You'll notice if you pay close attention that the first round the Master Builder is on-screen it shoots rather slow, and then starts attacking faster after that round.  It doesn't seem to stack, which is why I assume they called it Overclock and not Ultraboost.  But it really does not feel prevalent.  This paragon seems like top path and pretty much nothing else.
It’s just a 6-2-2 engineer not paragon lmfao
On the new map water makes bloons go faster
Disappointing Paragon.
tbh kinda dissapointed as its really just a 6th tier top path
its not out after 24h on mobile yet
Clash royale reference wooo
I think go nk did this is the missile one is for moabs and the red one is for balloons and the plasma one is well rounded in everything
If you overclock the paragon it becomes more powerful
This is not the 555 engi, its a 622. Garbage.
I survived round 184 with the paragon by itself. I think that it's the second best paragon
I got a idea what happens if you have a plasma accelerator and cross it white the beam of the sentry will it make a plasma pool
Is it possible to get to round 100 with only Dart Monkeys?
wtf isab in trending
fucking hell Green Sentry: Top path dartling Blue Sentry: Middle path dartling Red Sentry: Bottom path with added lasers
For how long it took for this paragon to release. It feels VERY lackluster. This is a basically a 6-2-2 rather than combining all of the 5th tiers. Where are the traps? Why can't we buff other towers? Perhaps even other paragons?? Hopefully they improve this paragon and make it more feature filled. Increase the cost if you must...
Excited for that logs test (most likely in the morning)
Paragon feels like a t6 top path
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries?      Because people are always dying to get in.
I'm so disappointed in this update, it makes me not want to play anymore. Like.. man the 6/x/x engineer..
Everything is awesome
NOOOOOOO
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                         /.,./,./,./ ,/.,  /,.,
Praying that everyone falls asleep quickly and has a peaceful sleep. Hope you all wake up happy and well rested
Are you going to make a contested territory team? And if so, can I join?
🔴 is for balloons  🔵is for moabs 🟢 is just range
First time ISAB gets on trending.
Its interesting but overall more of a disappointment than anything else, its just a 6-0-2 engineer monkey with a downgraded and nerfed self only overclock. Not at all a combination if all 3 paths, the traps are just missing completely, and the overclock is literally downgraded, and cleansing foam is also missing, if anything this is more similar to the dartling gunner, one laser, one rocket, and one multiple projectiles. Honestly just nerf this thing and make it a hero and redo the sentry paragon because this is bad. 6-0-2 engineer
the engineer paragon should overclock everything in it's radius and deploy these megasentries that explode into xxxl traps when they expire
we asked for the engineer paragon and got a mini dartling paragon.
It would be really cool if it could buff other paragons
Congrats on trending!
when no btd6+ update
Why didn't they give him a trap? This paragon feels like they put effort into avoiding the bottom 2 paths.
Not sure if anyone has mentioned it but you can use the sentries of the paragon with the Door Gunner monkey knowledge for global sentries. Not sure if this is intentional, I doubt it but it’s fun to play with
It would be so nice if it could use its self overclock on other paragons to finally buff them
Nerf inbound lmao
Did anybody else notice that village buffs applied to the paragon's sentries 👀
To me its a 643. It has the triple guns. Honestly though, the dart monkey and ninja are 535s. Only boomerang and buccaneer are proper 555s. I personally believe that paragons aren't supposed to be based on the idea of 555, but rather, in this case, the engineer to end all engineers.
fadora
Aww I had a prediction that it could ultra boost every tower on the screen
Less go cant wait for how far can 1 sentry paragon survive
Btw, you can doorgun the sentries  OP
Im excited that the paragon sentries can be buffed normally. Thats huge if they also get the paragon boss damage up. Also means the blue sentry may not be king, as the boss damage up will be better for the faster attacking sentries.
i dont have the update
If this thing could spam xxxl traps and had a stronk trap insta-killing bads but on long cooldown it would be ok
Yoooo 17th on trending lessss goooo
The blue one does extra dmg to moabs that's why it had more pops
Firck I am broken
Might change if it’s tier 100
Blue probably has less pierce
Isab joined my team and then left five minutes ago
Is this thing out on android??? I certainly don't have it in game
S
ISAB:new 5-5-5 engineer paragon  Me:there is no 5-5-5 engineer paragon xd
This is a 6-0-0 not quite a 5 5 5
*lego movie intensifies*
Is it out on mobile
Can it decamo with attacks? If not, having a DOT foam attack that decamos like bloonciniration would be a way to tie in at least PART of middle path  And it at least pins and has multiple guns which "ties in" bottom path
the one from clash of clans
That adora skin is sick!
I'm very disappointed.
“For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. (John 3:16) The bible says the wages of sin is death. Man has broken Gods moral law and has gotten the death penalty. However due to Gods mercy Jesus lived a perfect life and died on the cross for our sins to make us right with God. “Go and sin no more”-Jesus. trust in what Jesus did for you…because He loves you.
Isn't ninja monkey paragon 1,000,000 exp the unlock
let's gooo isab 41 trending in syria ❤❤❤
Ik people don’t care about btd6+ but i play it AND THE UPDATE ISN’T OUT. WHY NINJA KIWI!!!
I feel the main reason it doesn't have trap is cause it'd sort of be a Boat Paragon repeat, as in it can devour BAD's. And they don't want to repeat that feature.
I think the blue has more Moab damage
In my experience, the red sentry does the most group damage, the blue sentry does the most single-target, and the green sentry is mostly good for the utility of its targeting.
Join my team on new btd 6 gamemode.  Majin Monkeys:  AROZGSTD
can the sentries be buffed?
He is the true lego movie master builder
You know what the thing about the dartling paragon is actually kinda close… its got two dartling projectiles
Its weird as a Paragon that it doesn't have some of the signature abilities of the normal tower. No Foam. No Traps. No Overclock.
My thoughts are that I love the concept but I kind of think it should have been saved for the Dartling paragon AHJVKBCXBJCH of course the Paccel and MAD turrets obviously correspond to Dartling crosspaths, but the red turret even sort of looks like a BEZ, just with Anti-bloon projectiles instead of BEZ projectiles.  Inb4 the Dartling paragon shoots ultraboosting needles and giant missile traps LMAO
1 lvl vs 100 lvl when? :D
gotta say the first support class paragon doesn’t feel like it leans into its class as well as every other paragon does
Since others are talking about the lack of apparent other tier inclusion, I think it would be interesting for it to pulse out an overclock in its radius (think Gywns Heating up buff but its overclock) That way placement and neighbor selection matters
i was really expecting each sentry to represent a different path
I saw this vid before so I tried to get the paragon but I’m still 20000 XP away
Nice!
Never really know if it's real or if it is another mod video! xD Glad it's real! :D
YEAH BABY VOIDORA
Bro this is trending on gaming lmao
The paragon itself isn’t called sentry paragon but the sentries are
waiting for the grade 100 paragon test
“I think that’s the most expensive paragon”  ninja is a mill
It would be really good if you would have shown true son god adora/Vengeful adora with the skin
The red one is better against grouped bads, ddts and zomgs for very late game
It's great that you get to choose where the sentries go and there is no limit to where they can go.
Literally just the “Sentry Paragon”, as there is not really implementation of the 4th or 5th tiers of the other paths. It can’t buff other towers, and it’s buff to itself isn’t actually significant, but worst of all, no bloon trap.
It might not look good on paper, but this guy will be the new best paragon for bosses. Beat tier 3 whatever with a super buffed (including ultra boosted) sentry champion, gather massive amounts of money and pops in between tiers with XXXL trap, and get a super high degree engi for tier 4! Doesn't get that much better. As well as he technically has infinite range and therefore will be pretty good against vortex.
They took it down I think cause it is not live for me
I really dislike how they did the engi paragon, I would've hoped it had the bloon trap at least. It doesn't feel like a support tower, it just feels like a DPS powerhouse. There is a lack of creativity. Also the green sentry not having a lock for its laser is really annoying. I genuinely hope they rework it.
I really don't like the manual targeting for that laser one. Eww
The reason why they didn’t include the bloon trap is because it would be massively op
The bottom path on this paragon is in the pin stuns.
ENGINEER GAMING
Engineer is honestly my favorite tower, so I'm super excited about this!
In my opinion, if i had to modify the engineer paragon i’d honestly sacrifice the green and one of the other sentry’s for an XXXXL trap which could suck up BADS, F BADS, or basically anything. Another modification would be the ability to overclock other paragons.
Voidora is instantly right at the top for hero skins with galaxili.
Pretty disappointed
I'm mad this is not a 5-5-5 it's 5-2-3. If your wondering there is no trap (aka bottom Path) no cleansing foam or over clock (aka middle path)
So totally cool and awesome sauce I can’t wait to get it.
I think they should have kept this paragon as more of a support than dps. Maybe give it the ability to overclock other paragons.
Congrats on trending
LEGO movie
Whatever isab starts doing after ballon’s im down for studying or do w/faze jev
I feel like a cool way they could add the blood trap is sometimes rather then one of the mega sentrys drop a  loon trap or get an ability to do so,maybe the red one since it has no cool thing yet
How do you get the update on mobile?
i imagine the blue one is for moabs, the red one is for bloons and the purple or green is for just general bloons cuz it alr has the utility of inf range
Can you tell me how to update my game bc it’s not updating I’m still on 31
I have not been looking or playing at btd 6 in ages
bro wtf i grind 1M engi xp and it's 750K xp!??!?!??!
Cool but I don't have update
It's basically a 6th tier top path rather than a paragon. It doesn't have anything past 5-2-2.
that round 40 had to be one of the biggest clutch ever, if that happened to me i'd have just backed out and i would have backed out cuz tbh i genuineely thought 2 cerams was the max for the bloon trap
.
it should if been a support tower for other paragons
Ma'am please, just a crumb of voidussy.
If they brought back the bloon chipper as a sub tower for the sentry paragon
i hoped for a mega trap that could eat BAD :(
I wonder if a maxed buffed sentry champion would out dps the paragon
Blue does insane moab dmg, red had pierce, purp has inf range
The stun is the pin upgrade from bottom path , but would of been cool if a 4th sentry was just a trap with ranged attack
.
“That’s currently the Most expensive paragon” ninja paragon “am I a joke to you?”
Monkeyopolis got nerfed by 50 % i think  , so its probably not worth to go for miniopolis anymore
Wait it's real why I updated no engineering paragon
you can buff the Turrets from the Paragon?? is it a bug? thats way to strong
I’m surprised how much I DONT like this tower. It has none of its coolest abilities and now you have to micro. I will never use this tower.
Its more like a tier 6 top path:(
Seems like: Blue = MOAB damage Red = Group Balloons Purple = More MOAB damage than red, but less than blue. More Group balloon power than blue, but less than red. And infinite range. So really a good cleanup tower that is right in the middle of the other two.
incoming episode, how much can each god buffed super sentry survive, because i think they can be buffed with other towers
It’s not in the game for me . Idk if I need adora or you got it early.
The blue sentry has churchill projectiles
sentry paragon
Actually, the Ninja Paragon is 1 mill XP dude...
the reason the blue sentry had ridiculous DPS was because you were testing it on later rounds, which send 73 million MOABs at you at every given opportunity
One question Did the infinite paragon glitch get patched?
NK: This is the Engi paragon! Meanwhile Engi paragon: Mad missiles Plasma accelerator More than 2 places where normal  the tower fires    NK: This is the dartling paragon! Boosts other towers Eats bloons Spawns mini-dartlings
Next video should be "Engi Paragon vs God-Boosted Sentry Paragon"
The most expensive is ninja paragon
I think another game has something called master builder oh wait it’s clash of clans
They should have added another ability to the engineer paragon which would be like an Ultraboost or Overclock except it only works on other paragons. It would add a cool new feature to the game allowing the player to boost paragons for the first time. Also, a forth sentry, which acts like a perma spike except instead of spikes it produces xxxl traps, would be a cool way to introduce the bottom path.
i havent tried this myself but, what happens if u put a t4 tower into a door gunner (heli pilot) then make a paragon
I think it would be cool if this paragon could boost other paragons. It’s a cool  concept but lacks other areas.
looks like the purples advantage is range, the reds is group dmg and the blues is moab dmg
seems under powerd
I think instead of traps, the engi paragon should have a bomb blitz/void-esque ability that won't insta-eat bloons, but send leaked bloons back to the start of the track they spawned from in a more damaged condition than they leaked. Maybe do this for 3 seconds with a 25 second cool-down. Cooldown is reduced for every 20 levels of paragon to a minimum of 15 seconds. eg. A FDDT down to 40% damaged leaks, but the engi creates a space-bending tunnel that sucks it back to the beginning of the track and deals a further 5% damage to it. Non-MOAB classes just loose one layer.
It's weird that the engineer paragon implements more paths of the dartling gun than the engineer monkey
You can buff sentry's from the peragon. You can see it when you first placed sentrys near vilidges
Kinda just a repeat of last update in terms of what type of content we got but it’s still good
I like how the Master Builder’s sentries are called sentry paragons. I don’t think Isab noticed that.
If I had to guess, they didn't add a buff ability to the paragon (that it can give to other towers) since it would let vengful temples outpace the other towers even more if you stacked all buffs on it (ultra boost, call to arms ect) you'd imagine a paragon buff would be even stronger than all other buffs so it would just make vengful temples even better than paragons. it kinda seems like each sentery is a stronger t4 dartling. blue looks like it does major damage to moab class like a mix between a mad and hydrarockets, green is a plasma accelerator and red is if you merged a buckshot  with anti-bloon
Engineer is my most favorite tower in TD 6. It's a support summoner, my most favorite archetype. I am so happy that after so much time Engineer Paragon is finally here! ❤‍🔥  Edit: Although I wish they would include the trap farming and especially a very powerful overclock it would give out to its nearby towers, since really that is the most signature ability to the tower in general.
as a tower that forsure had the most potential for a paragon it feels quite underwhelming
Its just a buffed 502 engineer
I did see the red one stun moabs
I hope that it overklock. The Paragon's
Hey
Fake
What a weird coincidence, havent played this game in years and just watched your vortex video and thought to myself "what would an engineer paragon do", and here it is
did anyone notice that the sentries can get buffed aswell? i would love to see an max buffed red sentry
this paragon is every scout nightmare  an sentry that spawns mini sentrys
was hopping it had an ability to permanently upgrade a degree for paragons(capped at 1 per round)
I am gonna be honest, while the paragon seems cool, I can not help but feel a little bit dissapointed about it :/
I was hoping it give global attack speed +0,5% every degree And Bloon Chipper as bottom path
E
Dude the ninja cost 1mil xp
500,000xp master builder I s 750,000 and other is 1,000,000                     he is not the most
Acended shadow needs like 1000000 exp
I think red dose more damage the more pops it has
it get faster over time or this what i recognize
The master builder is the second most expensive exp paragon first goes to acended shadow
this paragon seems... dissappointing. it's basically a  better top path and nothing else. the overclock can only be applied on itself and without any visual signs of it happening, when the community was expecting something like a overclock to other paragons. and the bottom path is only the pin on engi's main attack.. where's the bloon trap? if this update also didn't add the contested territory mode i'd say this update wasn't worth the wait at all.
Engineer gaming
Red=Bloons Purple=400 minigun but a bit stronger Blue=moab
1 month of teasing and I don't like it, it is only a stronger  5-0-0, losing the ultra boost and the trap is disappointing.
ISAByour the best youtuber in my eyes
engineer gaming
Is it just me or is the update not out for me
Ball of light.... More like ball of darkness
Lego movie reference?
As many has said, this feels like an 6 - 2 - 2 rather than a 5 - 5 - 5.  How I would improve it is: Remove the sentries spawning other sentries mechanic, doesn't feel right or make much sense.  The base 3 sentries can stay though, they're cool, maybe add another one that can specifically spawn the mini-sentries, like a tiny robo engineer. Remove the overclocking self, as it just feels like it makes his base attack speed the overclocked level, and just make the attack speed in the middle between unbuffed and overclocked.  Add a Paragon Ultraboost ability, that if used on a normal tower can stack up to 20 instead of 10, but if used on a paragon it increases the level by 1 each time. Will create 1 Trap per round, maximum 1 on the map at a time, that can hold up more depending on Paragon level.
is this what farming looks like with out cross path its even a PURPLE BEAM YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I wouldve been happy if it spawned bloonchippers. We get our old buddy back, it's basically the combination of a sentry and a trap and you could have the supa-vac active ability.
i think that the blue is made for for moabs and the green is made for bloons and the pyrple is just a infinite range extra damage plasma exelerator
I will be back and watch this after i test the paragon out cuz i dont wanna spoiler myself
13:35 i feel like cuz the blue shoots rockets it does good damage to moabs an all of that, the red could do good against bloons and purple has the range
Bottom path farm is a banana farmer i dont know why u dont just put it next to monkeyopolis
I'm pretty sure that the ninja paragon is the most expensive
Seems like they need to do some balancing
Yay
Honestly the contested territory is not all what I expected you only get 4 tickets and can't get more as far as I know
I agree that it’s not really getting all the paths and pieces of the engineer t5s but I would not complain because it can clearly put in work if you get all the sentries
When I realized that there was no "mod" in the title, I was so hyped. Keep up the good work!
What they could do in a way I think is take the Engineer Paragon and make it into say a Combat Engineer in the future. How well simple. Well lets say they can figure out a way to get another engineer out of the Paragon Engineer that can do the overclocking and give out the traps thereby making it a combat engineer. Make it a multitasker is really what I am saying which is what a real Combat Engineer is.
So much for the "support" paragon.  No bloon trap, no supporting, no foam - worst paragon in terms of matching the role of the base tower and in terms of representing the three paths of the tower. This is a 6-0-2 tower, not a 5-5-5.
So i think that the turret are usefull in certain moment, i think that the red on is good on group bloons, the blue one against moab class bloons and the purple/green one is good in map where there's a line like the one where u tested it and has infinite range so probably the dmg is lower than the other tuttets
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
You did a great job of showcasing the new paragon ISAB, however, I'm not the only one who believes that Ninja Kiwi did a poor job in this case. You could have 20x ultraboost, cleansing foam glue storm, several XXXL traps or maybe an XXXXL trap, there were so many missed opportunities.
hey ISAB i have a question  is it better to get a 0-2-4 farm or a 2-0-4 farm
I love the Purple and Green sentry paragon.
this feels like a possible sixth tier for the top path of the engi, and it really doesnt feel like a paragon that encompasses all paths of the engi,  nor does it feel like a support monkey
I think it would have been cooler if the paragon had an abbility that throws a trap that can hold up to 1 or 2 bads. But i guess that would be too op 🤷‍♂️
You could’ve used the laser’s pierce and it would’ve out DPS’d blue and red
Dude what is this game a ripoff version of clash of clans🤣🤣🤣
Kinda underwhelming honestly
make the title 5-3-3 its not 5-5-5 its not support
he ultra boosts himself
Everyone in the comments complaining it does fit their own personal perfect paragon, please shut the fuck up. Whine about something else.
6th tier top path not a paragon imo
engineer gaming
What does vengful voidora look like?
with the amount of top path representation should of called it sentry paragon smh
top path tier 6
I'm gonna go get tutorial to beat chimps because the amount of monkey money I had to spent to beat impoppable
A thing you can do with the new sentries is pick them up with the x-5-x heli and have on pursuit if you go 2-5-0. It's really good for freeplay rounds
Isab im against your team in the new game modelo my team name is CHAD
Maybe the red one is good for ceramics???
the reason that sentry paragon cant over clock itself is probably because paragons cant get buffs. Will probably be patched soon.
The red one probably has very high pierce. And the green one can be targeted anywhere and also has alot of pierce. The moab damaga of both is probably lower than from the blue one because thhey are better with balloons.
Bro Where is the xxl trap path they skipped one path
0:17 nope, ninja is 1 milion
Its not out on ios yet :\
The ninja was 1 million xp to unlock
engineer monkeys sentrys count to the paragon
Exuse me what? THE MOST EXPENSIVE PARAGON? THE NINJA IS 1,000,000 XP Edit: i see now he ment in mony
There is gonna be some crazy paragon micro challenges with these sentries Also, from my testing, it seems weaker than the ninja when it comes to bads; haven't really seen much else from it though
I got 100 degree engineer paragon and no mods wave I got 177 Geraldo I didn’t count totems 250k or a little more in sacrifices and 12M for Balloon trap 4M for sentry champion
the laser sentry is good overall, the anti bloon sentry is good against ceramics and the mad sentry is good against moab class bloon
I thought he had a paragon already 🤔
It's a buffed micro heavy sentry engineer. So they missed 2 paths and did the exact opposite of what an engineer does which is making life easier. Ps. The blue one is better bcs the other 2 scale better with higher degrees.
Its kinda sad the red turret cant hit purples
The problem is they couldn't make the trap more op than it currently is... Because the only thing bigger than a zomg is a bad and bad can't take any percentage damage... But there is the fact that they made the boat paragon and that has a better Pirate ability so maybe they could've made a trap with a bigger capacity... Also for the overclock It's a big shame they didn't make something at the least because I think really they easily could've made a super overclock ability that only stacks once but has the same amount of boost power as 10 t5 overclocks. I'm saying this because this paragon doesn't have the best popping power as other paragons but costs way more... Like if you put 500k more you could buy a max vtsg
I’m pretty sure the ninja. Is the most expensive
AWESOMEEEEEEEEEE MAN VOIDORA IS ALSO NOW MY MOST FAVORITE SKIN
Wheres the cleansing foam? NK people use the engi for dps the least...
thier not blinking, its thier eyes turning into a line
Definitely seems to be some sort of attack speed ramping on the paragon, so ultraboost might be part of it, hard to be sure though
The new adora skin looks nice for the sun god and vengeful sun god change
You can use door gunner on the sentries
Voidora now my favorite skin in entire game! But sadly i cant install this update...
I think the Blue one is an ani-MOAB sentry, witch is why it performed so well in both scenerios, since in the lete game, there are more MOABs then actual baloons. I think the red one is a bloon crowd clearer. And the green one is a utility used to help you get rid of some baloons that snuck out of range of your towers. Very interesting paragon indeed...
Isn’t Ninja Paragon 1 Mil tho??
Do you use bloon trap with a radar scanner in races when you can't use farms?
the red one might be for cerams?
Me: **grinds 500k engineer xp** Btd6: 750k, take it or leave it.
wow it's sooo....  disappointing
The upgrade should be called Steve
I think you can buff those centries with village. If that is actualy true, the Master Builder might be the most broken paragon. Just imagine 3 max ultra boosted centries with homeland and a VTSG buff. And i would also imagine that they can be buffed by Gerardo as well, which would buff all the modifed centries too.  Edit: it was just a visual bug when you are about to place the centries down. The range indication do get bigger, and icons will appear. But when you place them down, everything gets back to normal
i cant imagine anyway to be able to balance the paragons trap, if there was one. they either just keep the tier 5 trap which people would get mad and call them lazy for, or they increase its power by allowing it to eat bads, then it becomes the most broken thing in the game by far. yea you could give it a round buffer or long cd, but still, it would rather not make a difference, or be such a big gap in drop time it would be the same as if it wasnt there.
This is probably my favorite paragon so far. Sentryception.
Yoo they added clash on clans in btd 6
Sjb beat ya to it
Try-hards be like: already found a CHIMPS black border strat
blue obviously does good damage against moab class while red against weaker bloons that comes in large amounts, and i thought you were an expert of this game
In my opinion they focused way too much on the sentry champ and not on the other ones
Is it just me or does the void adora remind you of hollow knight
that adora skin tho
This paragon looms like it came from btd5
Cool, but can it beat elize lych t5  soul?
Still think it needs a form of a trap
love this paragon so far, spent two hours getting  a degree 75 which god is it expensive for how little it feels like a paragon instead of just a tier 6 top path
Note: The Water Streams speed up the Bloons like the Conveyor Belt on Workshop.
love you're content man!!
Junk tower, a $24k tack zone out performs with buffs.
Voidora is a very nice skin, and looks it's best with the true sun god buff and vengeful form
I checked it is not there
I think Red one is anti+avatar
Was honestly hoping for an ultraboost that buffs other paragons, especially with the price tag :(
5-5-5 sentry paragon or just buffed 5-0-0 ?
Bruh o_o The name of this paragon is literaly my nick in Minecraft, what?
Iam shitting myself i really am
its so sad that the paragon doesnt overclock other towers, i really expected that tbh
Can you buff the sentries?
I think NK shoul have put more focus on the support aspect than straight dps. Adding a trap to one of the sentrys and adding some kind of overclock ability with lower dmg overall would be a lot better since the middle and bottom path are basically not included. Besides, the paragon and sentrys seem to attack continously faster while shooting.
This will shread bosses with boss increased damage from paragons
wait. are these sentries getting buffed by the village?
Petition for isab to rename his engineer to 'bob (the builder)'
Imagine how good the engineer paragon with the navarch of the sea too op
So thus is the actual new paragon
people cry about not having overclock, when dart pragon dont have his ability too they cry about trap, that they could remove two of those sentries to give him trap  really? you want just a trap when you can have bigger dmg?
Engineer Gaming.
The vengful voidora skin might be bright and could maybe even change the true sun temple
When you first got the paragon, It seemed to pin the DDTS and decamo them... Did anyone see if maybe he buffs normal traps?
Its more of a tier6 for the top path
Does anyone else see 2 Donald ducks on the engi paragon when it’s facing upwards
10:40 that settles it... The next one is a test video
emmet
Im sad i dont have the uptate :(
Since theyre cds does the cd reduction sub work or does it not due to it being considered a buff technically
On easy cubism a lvl 100 master builder died on round 202 without any support or micro
Definitely my least favorite paragon so far. It doesnt feel like they even thought about how to make it balanced with the trap and the overload and said ''let's just make it a damage tower.'' Its the only paragon that doesnt have its tier 5 upgrades and it feels like a boring tier 6/2/2. I hope they update it to include the tier 5 upgrades from middle and bottom..
What is vengeance void skin?
Join my clan "GG easy"
Wish it could overclock other paragons
Damn just with adora and engi paragon like they reach with 164 imagine if all paragons were there like it would be super op
I got the lvl 100 paragon on this map and besides bads it just evaporates literally everything. The stun is insane  (Same position as you had the paragon, bads couldnt get pasr the first water way)
Extremely disappointing how Engi paragon doesn't have bloon trap and can't overclock other paragons
It's a shame that it doesn't keep its buffing properties
i have a question: since adora has different styles with the true sun god and vengeful would it happen for the new adora skin?
ENGINEER GAMING
Engineer gaming
The red sentry shoots a spread of orange plasma and ninja kiwi said that the ability  would overclock itself
Idk if anyone has seen the alien franchise but i think that the paragon was inspired from that exoskeleton in the movie
Blue is Moab Damage, Red is for Big Waves of Bloons bc of the 4 lasers, and Purple is just a darting gun
isab sounds different
The sentries are getting buffs. Idk if isab noticed but it's right there. Could have tried sun god temple for buffs and also to see what it does to Voidora
I am quite disappointed:  *Ultraboost*  I'm not wholly sure how this works yet, however I'd like it to stack infinitely and last forever so it basically becomes stronger over time- that'd be cool. I also feel that this is the most "support"-like path of engi yet with the paragon it's only on itself. I would like it to at least overclock others, maybe stronger than usual, or maybe only paragons (it would make sense that the only buffs paragons can get is from other paragons)    *XXL trap*  Nk literally just looked this path in the face and threw it out the window. Why did they not include it? They wouldn't have to do much- just a buffed xxl trap that gives more money per pop than regular xxl traps  as well as more capacity and less downtime.   So we didn't really get a 5,5,5 paragon, we got a 6,3.5,0 paragon...
What happens to void Adora when shes next to the VTSG ? Dose she become the abyss ?
They should make the paragon have an XXXXXL trap that can trap a BAD
For being so massive, I don't understand why it can't see over walls. Also I feel like the paragon should definately have an indicator for its buff. And should definately have the trap becuase it Only has the pin ability from bottom path so it's just a 5-5-3.
Not gonna lie this paragon the worst paragon
I love it, but it doesn't really balance the paths at all.  feels more like a 6-2-3 that speeds up after a round than a 5-5-5
Finally people are using bloon traps. I usually start my runs with free dart then Ben then a bloon trap and then farms, makes 40k by round 40
I am sick right now so yeah
main enginner keeeps ultraboosting himself into having extreme high dps prob even more than the sentries so mabye in a boss mode you want to get his asap even low degree tzo get the stacks rolling
What if you make vengful voidora? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Mmm idk man I was expecting a bit more. For the price, it should be not only a powerhouse but a support tower too (as middle path is) but it just weak overall, looks very cool tho
Is it better then Navarch of the seas?
Would have been cooler if nk added another ability that is ultra boost but works on paragons too, that would make that 700k worth waisting
Oh, Voidora is sick. I love it.
It didn’t update to me yet…
basically they just reintroduced the sentry paragon
Nooooo I wanted a bigger bloontrap  Antistalling late game would be awesome And It would be nicer if it overclocked everything in radius like a permabrew
The update has not appeared for me yet :(
its a shame that instead of combining all paths into one, they just (ironically) focused on the sentry paragon path
where is the update😭
Prediction: NK will add the Bottom Path to the Paragon in a later update
I feel like they should add an XXXL trap to it. One that can absorb a bad perhaps
It look like it's a reference to the Lego movie. The name master builder and the appearance(Emmet's construction mech). Didn't expect that
No ninja is 1 million xp
I was about to masterbuild, but this video dropped. So here I am...
It’s not out on mobile yet tho
wish it had a bloon trap that was basically just the bloonchipper, would be a fun call back with out adding that grossly op tower into the game lol
They should have made one of the sentries suck up bloons like the bloon chipper lol
the ninja monkey paragon was 1mil xp
I’m not going to lie, I’m incredibly disappointed with this update and I feel like this is the worst update the game has gotten. We really only got nerfs (granted, some were needed eg: Geraldo), and the paragon as many have pointed out just feels like a top path tier 6. Really wanted to see more buffs this update too, it would have been nice if they didn’t go so hard on the nerf hammer. Hopefully the devs come out with a better update next time, looking forward to the bright future this game has!
its the guy from clash of clans
The RocketPod sentry has higher single target damage, But much lower pierce probably. So thats its downside.  I don't think I ever saw RedPlasma get pierce-capped while trying in the actual game.
Meh, I think paragons should actually be closer to the "555 design", meaning it would have rather small attack, but still having traps and overclock
Im sad because it cant ultraboost (or atleast overclock) other paragons or other monkeys
Sounds more like a level 6 top path not a combination
You forgot to do the degree 100
I'm not sure why everyone is hanging on not having a trap. The Boat already 1 shots Moabs. The Engi being able to stun is pretty nice.
I can understand why people think it needs more mechanics, but for me personally, that would just completely be too much. The engi paragon already deals quite an insane amount of damage being with the 3 sentries. Adding an somekind of an ultraboost ability or even a trap will definitely make it way too overpowered compared to the rest of the paragons. The XXL trap by itself is already insanely good against everything under a BAD, imagine a stronger version. Like what's the point of that if all we care about it literally raw power of a tower but zero game mechanism issue. Overall, I think it's a 7/10 for me. Although, I'm not sure about it's price
I figured that truck would move on round 40 to create an alternate MOAB path. That makes this basically Cargo but tamer.
Shouldn't this paragon be able to overclock other paragons or something?
Excited to see the 1 tower video of it. Because 100 might be the strongest paragon tbh lol
What a super dissapointing paragon. Tragic.
Bro 32.0 is Hogg even here
How vengfull voiddora looks
so engineer paragon is just tier 6 top path engineer :")
In my opinion, thos gived the game what could be lore. The 3 sentries qll have very similar attacks to other mechanical based monkeys so maybe this is nk saying the master builder made the plasma accelerator, MAD and also the antibloon
midigon
Sadly isab didn't notice that the centurys can be buffed Wich it's insane first paragon that can be buffed
Voidora also has sick voicelines
rip bloon trap
I would have loved if it gave perma over clock in its radius
It’s sad it hasn’t done for mobile yet
The blue one shoots like mad rockets so it does the most Moab damage
When I used the paragon... I could swore I saw a trap for a split second. I think there could be a bug
They should have switched one of the senturies with a trap
Gonna be honest; really disappointed that there's a severe lack of middle and bottom path present overall. It's basically just top path on crack with the base tower barely even inheriting the other two paths in comparison. It can't really be called a "Master Builder" when it can't even build a bloon trap or build a device more powerful than that of the ultraboost, let alone overclock, by having it (as others have suggested) either apply multiple ultraboost stacks in one go, have a higher ultraboost cap, or have a special overclock exclusively applicable to paragons and paragons only.
Yssss finally
Sad that there isn’t a bloon trap in the master builder, i was kinda hoping there was something that sorta resembled a modified bloon chipper in appearance that the sentry paragon could place down as an ability, maybe they could add it later on
You can buff the paragon sentries
Rip Paragon Cluster Where I would Place all Other 3 Paragons In The Navarch of the seas
Honestly, this paragon disappointed me a lot. It feels like a 6th tier for the top path. No ultra boost No traps Hell not even cleansing  foam.
early
Middel path?
I think its possible that the the red sentry is more of balloon clean up so thats possibly why it spikes in damage the purple deals the moab and above dmg n idk bout the blue one
A little disappointed the engineer doesn’t have a nail minigun. Just a bit.
Nooooo the update is not in mobile yet
I’ve seen another comment say this but it really just feels like a tier 6 to the top path  rather than a paragon like they could’ve done a lot more like making each of the 3 sentries represent one of the 3 paths like make the first one a generic sentry on steroids, the second one shoots toxic foam and overclocks towers in its radius like an alchemist does, and the last one would suck up all the bloons around it (excluding bads) and shoot out bananas to collect every few seconds, or hell they didn’t even have to go with the master builder route and just made it be able to make strong sentries, overclock paragons or be able to ultraboost other towers 20x, and be able to place down mega traps they could’ve done literally anything that isn’t just all about the sentries that steals the concepts from the darling gunner
It came out wow
I'd like to have "overcharge"  with doubles the firing speed of all sentrys for 10 seconds and add buff dispenser that adds +1 damage to nearby towers.
Obvious assumption time...  The Green Sentry seems to be a jack of all trades, not good at any purpose.  The Red Sentry is a small bloon crusher. Great AOE and likely has bonus ceramic damage.  The Blue Sentry is a big bloon mauler meant to counter MOABS and the like.
Master Builder more like master bat.........
I think that one of the sentries could create traps/XXL traps
6:24 More like a Plasma Accelerator Deluxe Version
ﾠ
Ayo anybody who plays coc knows the MASTER BUILDER much better... ;)
I tink blue sentry is better for moabs
It looks like the sentries can be puffed as when placing them you see the jungle drums
I think blue does extra moab damage, red is for cerams and stuff and green is for groups
I have already made a thing for every paragon as intended. I basically made a test thing for every paragon. Surprisingly, you can BARELY beat Round 200.
Do the paragon overlock him self ?
I hoped for the ability to Overclock/Ultraboost Paragons with the Engi Paragon as it made some sense in a way.
i think it would have been WAYYYY more interesting if you placed “trap sentries” that you place on the trap and eat up bloons like an XXL trap, but this trap also shoots and more bloons eaten by the trap the more mini sentries this mega sentry-bloon trap would make. Still a cool tower, felt just a little underwhelming. I was having tons of fun though on contested territory
Use it on cubism and do the inf paragon glitch wit it
I feel like they should have released the paragon before contested territory. To hold us over and we would have been much more hyped for it. Kinda seems small compared to the whole new game mode.   If y’all need a team, join sky dwellers! TWTZMVEF
WAIT A SEC DOES VOIDORA HAVE A TRANSFORMATION LIKE THE OTHER ADORAS?!??!
Its neat but im disappointed the middle and lower paths were hardly implemented
He could have at least had the ability to boost by one tier everything possible within his range or x10 buff one tower per use.
Idk this paragon is obviously strong but underwhelming sorta?
My guess is that blue does increased Moab damage compared to the other sentrys.
Sorry, but this feels like a 622 tower. They need to at LEAST add a trap that can hold maybe 2 BADs with a longer cooldown, and some foam that slows down MOABs.
It seems to be extremely powerful, especially with those Sentry Paragons, but I would like it if you would do a test on which of the Paragons the Master Builder outperforms, for both Grouped and Single Target
This paragon seems kinda mid tbh
it's worth mentioning that you can door gunner the sentries, which greatly boosts their dps
My first run with the paragon I got it to 100. I got it around 159, and the power of it, combining ice tower, glue, and cripple, could solo up to 200. Paused there but will continue tomorrow. The power of the stun and surprisingly, the red one out damaged the blue one by millions of popsl, but the laser guided one needs a buff or the ability to lock it's aim. Thinking paragon levels affect the sentries like the buccaneer's grapple.
it has good damage and i like the different versatility of the sentries but i feel like they could have done better and its a huge missed opportunity to not make each sentry do something related to each path   the red one since its already weak i feel should be completely replaced with some kind of xxxl trap factory mechanism  or maybe just an even bigger trap that can be placed on the track anywhere like geraldos mealstrom traps and autocollects or something  hell maybe even make it look like or refrence the bloon chipper  keep some of the damage on the blue one but remove the mini sentries and replace that with a village like effect that ultraboosts all towers in its radius and if kept on them for a while starts applying permanent buffs  the green one is basically fine it just needs a locked targeting option   Aesthetic stuff that doesn't matter as much: i find it super weird they went for red green and blue for the sentries, i think its really common because of the RGB system of color blending that computers use but i feel like Magenta, Cyan, and Yellow (these serve a similar function as primary colors in printers) would have worked a lot better since the Sentry Champion wears mostly purple, the Ultraboost is covered in blue lights, and XXXL trap is wearing a yellow suit   also i feel like it should have a unique stun animation  its supposed to be coming from the pin upgrade from bottom path so why does it look like its knocking back the moabs like pat fusty  or that one boomer upgrade
does  the inf paragon still work?
I saw someone else with a video and was immediately like sickkkk…wait did ISAB make a video on this
This is not a paragon. It's a 6-2-3 engi.
Hey funny thing I found out about sentry paragon  You can use the 2-5-0 heli to make the turrets fly around the map
few things i found from some testing, vengeful adora is a red color, master builder level 1 main attack on monkey meadows hard can last to around 155-ish with super brittle and cripple and the attack speed a few rounds after getting the paragon really ramps up fast DDTs, ZOMGs, and everyhing below are basically permastunned and take a load of damage, not sure if the claw attacks but it seems like it does no idea what it does though, same setup as earlier but with all sentries lasts about 169-ish not much better but i think it just because the single target is pretty bad on BADs i also had a permaspike too make sure my testing didnt end early and it caught a few leaks, so all in all master bulider solos to around 160 at parragon 1 on monkey meadows hard.
It pins down DDTs... Clearly best Paragon yet.
"master builder" *lego movie flashbacks*
"the lego movie" reference ngl
The green sentry paragon... can't pop purples balloons..... interesting....
Can you show the vengeful void adora next vid please?
Hdbfbf
my guess is blue is your moab shredder while the other 2 are for clearing lesser bloons.
Voidora has a true sun god, and vengeful skin
me who is playing on a phone and the update not there yet: WAAAAA
Ninja paragon had the largest xp requirement at 1,000,000 xp
It's incredible how NK has abandoned this game. This 'update' shouldn't have needed 5-6 months to release. No new tower, a boring map and yet again just another paragon that u play 3 times with and thats it. Such a shame
red sentry = has triple shot and loads of pierce blue sentry = shoots mad missiles that deal way more moab damage purple sentry = a way stronger 4-2-0 dartling
=WASTED  =....................
wow you did sandbox testing with a level 1 it did like no dmg cuz it was the lowest degree you can get in the game
blue: high damage red: many projectiles with high pierce blue: infinite range
You can temple boost the sentries, I'm doing it now on Cubism and the sentry range really covers the whole map
Voidora kinda looks like a Fish
Its more of a 6-4-2 than a 5-5-5
i just wanna know ultra boosting and bloon traps works
It reminds me of the Lego movie.
No overclock, no box and making it the most expensive paragon? Wtf all they did was increase the power but what I find most annoying is the laser sentry chasing my cursor around the screen. Final verdict: Engineer upgrades too hard to balance.
It just feels so weak, for how much it cost and the fact that ninja and boat exist, i feel like it's just there, this might be too good but maybe have it over clock every tower on the map at that the start and the degree effects how long it last. It's damage is pretty alright and all but I feel like you can get better and it should lean more into support not dps.
Me and my friend did co-op 4 player and we got the paragon to degree 100 on our first try which I think is just funny
can you do testing on the massive monkeyopolis nerf?
Tested in on the same map when the update dropped, and with a degree 51 paragon I got to round 173 while AFK-ing. I find the blimp pin super cool, and the damage output is incredible. Kinda disappointed not to have much of bottom and mid path but eh, the thing's already pretty insane (and for once we don't have to spam 30 towers to get the 250k sacrifice)
This one really blew me away it’s so much cooler than I’d thought it’d be. It might be a little early to say this but gee I can’t wait for the wizard paragon, which I think is next.
*SENTRYPARAGONRED*
Why it isn’t sentry paragon
why so expensive and not even that good...
With no XXXL trap or overclock, this is probably the most disappointing paragon for me. Not to mention the missing ice sentry
The sentries can be buffed tho
Ok, hear me out, voidora and the vtsg upgrade for her Edit: didnt get that far into the video to hear what he said about it lol
The engi paragraph was honestly disappointing. All it is is a top path paragon (the “overclock” it gets just once really doesn’t count as middle path) and bottom path, which I was most excited to see suck in a BAD perhaps, is completely nonexistent, I still think it’s a cool paragon, but because of how disappointing it is, I think it’s my least favorite. Also a side note, why does the sentry with the least DPS also require micro? Just a thought.
I do wonder though, now that the patch is out, does the infinite paragon glitch still work? Did anyone try?
well, money in game case ( not monkey money ) it is the most expensive xp case, ninja paragon is the most expensive
we still dont have a paragon that is generally support. i feel like making the engi paragon more of a sub dps than a “top path engi but on 10 different types of crack” woulda been so much better
Ace Paragon is coming next
No cleansing foam and no Bloon trap? A little bit disappointing.
Seems like an ultra boosted sentry champion. No trap, and no real overclock/ultra-boost. From this video, which is great as always, it seems like it was kinda overhyped. At the least, there should be a trap that can suck up a BAD, like the boat paragon can.
The sentry paragon def needs a rework. This is more a tier six of top path more than anything.
So this is basically a 6-0-0?
To anyone on the fence about getting the new Adora skin: I recommend it highly for the vengeful version. Won't say the colors because that's half the fun, but it's a really good combo with already good design aside.
Scam I checked it liar
I thought the only way to buff the paragons was going to be with other paragons but I guess not
It’s a good dps tower, but I don’t see either of its middle and bottom tier components involved at all. I expected the paragon to be a lot more support oriented than it’s presented. I mean yeah, it’s a paragon, but like… It’s a paragon of a support tower???
Engineer paragon is basically a narcissistic 543 engineer
Is this real, update 32 isn’t out for me.
For the price it's not worth it
I a little bummed that the engineer paragon doesn’t have an overclock ability and/or decammo/delead foam. The only support paragon has essentially no support capabilities. I was hoping he would have maybe a constant uptime overclock or maybe one that could stack up to ten times in addition to the regular ultra boost. I mean the buccaneer paragon has more support than the support paragon.
THE MASTER BUILDER FROM COC
Meh, boat paragon is funner
"Most expensive paragon unlock."  ....no. That- That's false.
I Wish the foam would be somewhere in the paragon
Bru it’s not out for me
Personally, I think voidora looks sick. Really like the ball of 'light'.
I know Easy Difficulty is not representative, but with a level 41 Master Builder in easy mode, in the same map, I got to round 176 HAHA
I think the red sentry has very high pierce and a ton of projectiles but relatively low damage so it is great against groups but bad against single targets (though with embrittlement, cripple MOAB and glue strike) it might be insane.
The ninja paragon is the most expensive
no one: literally no one:    thumbnail:LAZERPISS
My bloons isn't updating yet? Sad times also where is glue gunner paragon ninja kiwi😡
I hope sentry paragon give a nerfed boost to all tower in the map by 1 for the first 10 round,then 1.2 after 20 round ,1.4 after 30 round etc. the boost slighly increase, so its a good tower for late game gaming
3:18 Why was the Monkeyopolis $5400?
When you say mini sentries I just think tf2
Looking at the replies, ouch NK
I do wish they included an ultraboost and xxxl trap into the master engineer. I don't really think its worth the 720k, maybe closer to 600k closer to Navarch as Navarch has way more potential with its anti-moab abilities. And I wish you could have the laser sentry target like a dartling gunner, aiming it down a specific spot. That to me sounds like a good change.  I will say it is very strong, it just feels like they didn't incorporate the other two paths enough. Maybe give Engi an activated Max Boost ability that's permanent, kinda like ultraboost, but adds another bunch of buffs stacked onto a max of maybe like 3 towers. Idk. There just seems to be so much that could've been done and it just wasn't.  Otherwise still rather happy, Engi Master is fun af.  Edit: Also I am mostly an Impoppable player so the costs of the paragons I stated are a bit high.
They needa name the bomb paragon "The Master Exploder"   Hope someone gets it
Wait you can buff the turrets??
Sweet
i, like many others, am moderately disappointed with the lack of overclocking other towers
Does Dabloon send you love letters?
They could have given the senturys less power and included a trap
I Think the blue sentry shoot mini MOAB Mauler I could probably be wrong but anyway the paragon could has be a little bit better (overcloack mega bloons trap). Im Sure it will get all those thing time soon.
I think the idea is to allow the XXXL trap to still be used and maybe even micro'd with the Paragon still up. Maybe it could overclock buff all engineers or all towers around it periodically?
Doesn’t show on my iPad it won’t show that it’s a paragon
The plasma accelerator turret needs a 'lock target' option like a dartling gun
As cool as the design of this paragon is, it's kind of unfortunate that it has no (or rather very limited) hint of the support functions of the engineer. That simply places it in the same category as the other paragons, damage and more damage, which unfortunately will probably worsen the power creep already present in the game. It would have been nice to see some kind of mega ultraboost that can be applied to multiple towers at once, or a bloon trap which had expanded functionality (nothing as broken as, say, being able to devour BADs, but maybe something like a trap that never actually leaves, and instead closes to 'digest' bloons, and can still apply a slow to bloons while closed.) Without some bonus effects like that, the tower feels a bit too straightforward. Though it is nice that you can actually buff the sentries and their children, that might make it significantly more flexible.  With that being said, it would be silly not to look at the positives. The actual design of the tower is very satisfying, it feels fun to see the three different mega sentries working in tandem, as well as the fact that the engineer's base attack gains impact. While I might be slightly disappointed in what they designed, they did design it really well.
I like how he doesn’t notice that the sentrys are called sentry paragons
I'm looking forward to bosses on this map. And beating it on chimps will be super easy. Esp with zombies and LOS monkies. And then Gerald will make it even easier.
IMO it would have been cool if the 3 sentries it spawned corresponded with the 3 paths of the engi (one sentry paragon sentry, one ultraboost sentry, one xxxl trap sentry) or something like dat
Here's a Theory as to why there is no trap added to Master Builder (/Engi Paragon).  The reason is B.A.Ds, yeah those big purple immune to CC blimps. The logical advancement for an XXXL Trap with each X representing a blimp, is another X representing a B.A.D; making it an XXXXL Trap which would be good BUT.  First, that would be the same as Boat Paragon in that, it could insta-kill B.A.Ds (Along with Legend of The Night, though that is a tier 5 upgrade, so while it does the same thing, it has some differences making both it and Navarch unique).  Second, having another instak-kill is a good way to go Infinite, infinite being infinite rounds. Since you'd just have Navarch of The Seas, Master Builder and Legend of The Night one shot every B.A.D on the screen.  Third is that not only does it allow a potential infinite, it also makes it so bosses that interact with bloons including B.A.Ds will be much worse, since the bloons they can interact with will just die (Not sure if Vortex can boost B.A.Ds but if another boss bloon can buff blimps then being able to insta-kill them just makes that boss' special ability worthless).  So in short, there is no XXXL trap due to it becoming too powerful if incorporated into engineer paragon making both it and Navarch less unique and limiting future additions due to having too many one shotting towers.  An argument to that is that, isn't master builder just another DPS tower then? Well, yes. That argument will likely be true for basically all other towers except for farm and village (would be funny if they somehow turn farm into a dps tower but I doubt they'll go that route).  Anyway, last thoughts to put into this long comment are:  Why is it not named Sentry Paragon, Master Builder is just like bait for XXXL trap since it doesn't say sentry specifically.  I agree with a lack of permacharge addition as well (Seems village gets the buffing other towers ability).  And, expect a new gamemode or an update to bosses, increasing diffuculty and adding new effect for bosses. (Maybe even bigger maps).  Since with all these paragons, the game would become increasingly easy to reach High Rounds or beat bosses that I doubt they'll go with just increased ramping (since that'll be boring instead of "awesome" which is what NK wants for their games).
Anyone else shocked how little engi ex he had lol
I’ve done the test and balloon trap gives exactly half as much as it says it does.
Well just did a test he can solo round 145
Can’t wait to play it tomorrow on iOS
A boss on this new map would be rlly cool, since most of the towerd are near the path youd have to strategy so vortex doesnt stun all your towers
NK hides the balance update because everything is a nerf 😂Next time when they hide something you know why 😆
Lemme guess, most people like me try out the new Quarry map and uses Voidora after you update then open the game
Blue: moab dmg Red: Group balloon and low tier moab Green: Mixed(end of beam decent single beam itself decent multi) but full map range/targeting
This paragon is def the worst we had, no overclock, no clensing foam, no balloon path, it's lazy and really bad imo
Engineer kinda underwhelming ngl, no trap against BADs no Ultraboost on itself or other paragons, heck we only get overclock, that kinda sucks imo
why does he have 150 free darts?
this tower is really disappointing, it feels like a 6-0-2 engineer instead of a 5-5-5
"costs the most" what about ninja paragon
We know this, next update we’re getting the ACE PARAGON  after that we’re getting A NEW TOWERRRR???? SHEEEEEESH ( this is the last update of 2022 ) Next year first update I think we’re getting the wizard paragon ( wizard paragon confirmed after ace )
I don't want to bring NK down because they worked extremely hard to bring us this content but for me personally I'm not super impressed with the engi paragon. don't get me wrong it's a very impressive tower but I think they missed the mark. I get paragons are supposed to be DPS towers but I was really hoping a support paragon would change that. I think they should've had it's focus be on buffing other towers and maybe even being able to buff other paragons. Maybe all towers it range get buffed (similar to how alchemist works) and then have a super-ultra-mega-overclock ability that can only be used once or twice a round that extremely buffs a single tower for like 15s. I just feel they definitely should have gone more support then just raw damage, I mean we already have 4 other paragons for DPS it's gonna get pretty repetitive if every single paragon is the just a raw DPS tower. I get they are supposed to be late game/boss towers but having some variety would be cool. Also the fact that XXXL trap is nowhere to be seen is a little disappointing. All in all I appreciate NK efforts and I'm happy they are still updating this game especially since (if you're like me) probably only paid a couple bucks for it so the fact it's getting FREE updates like this is amazing so great job NK for that! I look forward to exploring the rest of the update features and who knows maybe we all missed something with the engi paragon after all the updates only been out a few hours.
in the new map the bloons move faster while traveling in the water
So basically, glorified Lego movie
9
isab
Honestly this feels like it might be the first paragon to get a big rework of some kind or something if nk listens maybe they only add the trap and a counter for the self buff but I feel like even with that it is still heavily leaning to DPS not support and I get nk doesn't want to have other paragons being buffed but the monkey village will most likely buff other paragon towers
On resort a level 100 died on round 201, I am very impressed it survived 200.
Holy shit its happening!
You gotta see the true sun god voidora, it looks amazing
Tf2 engineer
WHY CAN'T ENGINEER PARAGON DO ULTRABOOST AND NOT EVEN PLACE A XXXL TRAP
The tower should have a second ability for it to deploy a trap. And the middle crosspath should overclock all tower on the map(obviously there will be a downtime) and it can stack with normal overclock
It needs a trap.
Me after seeing this: TARGET SPOTTED
The new tower is epic but it’s missing the traps like it kinda makes me disappointed
Basic summary of the video: Engi paragon’s main attack stuns anything under Moab Blue turret is good single damage Red turret is good grouper damage Purple turret is good cleanup/leak catcher. Void adora skin looks like a crappy mod re-color
Real fans will call it by its original (and true) name: The sentry PARAGON.
Anyone realize that the sentries are called sentry paragons
erecting a dispenser YEEE HAWWWW  -the engineer
I didnt know they added the Master Builder for Clash of Clans
I love how the mini sentries are called Sentry Paragon
they changed the ball of light skin and it looks way better
hes cheting i playe this game for thre days and i only hav 2000 exp on enginer
Imo this is the worst paragon so far. No overclock, no traps, just a big sentry and pin attack. Feels like a modded paragon in not the best way.  It's a tier 6 top path, which on its own isn't bad, but it's certainly not a 5-5-5 paragon
my god btd has come so far my brain hurts watching it sometimes but i love it
Anyone else think you should be able to get paragons in sandbox mode?
Heres my theory on the sentries Blue one is churchill that shoots piercing bloon crusher shots Red one probably has really high pierce and is meant for multiple blimps Green one is similar to a plasma accelerator
Mod?
Very dissapointing. Between this, the new map,  and the new CT being boring as hell I think this is a very underwhelming update (especially considering how long it took)
A way that I think NK could incorporate the buttom path of the engineer is by adding two little tentacles in between the crack that separates the upper body and the lower body of the engineer paragon so that every time a non b.a.d moab class bloon enters it's range it would push the upper body of the engineer paragon upward so that the tentacles can grab the moab class bloon ( excluding a bad) and suck it up thus giving you money.
it is the most expensive paragon but doesn't cost the most exp
Hopefully it doesn’t take as long to come out for mobile
ngl this is pretty underwhelming for a support paragon
in mobile… it isnt out yet
The tack shooter paragon should be named "The Tack Attack"
Im going to test it myself im jus here to support a good creator
Check for voidora skin for true sun god/vengeful sun god
Is it out on iOS
How will this effect Lebron's legacy?
voidora looks like a hollow knight reference tbh
Missed opportunity to call it paragon squared
I feel like a good way to include the middle path for this would be to let this paragon be the only tower able to buff other paragons.
Not true
The ninja paragon cost 1mil to unlock
I don’t have the new update for some reason unless it takes longer to get it on mobile
While the trap is missing, I think the bottom path "inclusion" is the added stuns on two of the three ability sentries (Cyan/Blue and Red) as the bottom path does stun with just a nail vfx. However I dont quite like the "no visual indicators" on the mid path and that the bottom path inclusion is just simply something you can get from crosspathing
I believe the sentry are: Blue: crazy Moab damage but little to no bloon damage (hence why I did so good in the later rounds and in the single target test) Red: strong but short range Green: weaker but has infinite
heck yeah. i was hoping for either this or a glue paragon.
NK if you see this, if you add adora to battles two please add the voidora hero alt please!
i got 99 first time going for lvl 100 lol i was mad
im happy engi got paragon cuz im somewhat prepared for the xp and i love using engineer
I know some people may be disappointed but a degree 37 engi paragon ties a degree 100 boomer paragon
I feel like this gonn be busted
The update has to come when I’m away from home.
Cant wait for “how long can a Red Sentry last?” Video.
My favorite part of the update is the progress pride flag in the trophy store :D
1.1 hour tickets claim here For the giggles btw
I don't wanna wait for the degree 100 on logs post another video now 😭😂
I tested out the voidora Suntemple and Vengeful Temple skins. I won't spoil them BUT THEY ARE SUPER AWESOME I LOVE THAT ADORA FINALLY HAS AN ACTUALLY GREAT SKIN!
Engineer paragon... and stay that way
It’s not out mobile yet right
Super disappointed. The “over clock” aspect is basically just him warming up, and the pin being the only thing for bottom path kinda is meh. It’s cool that it pins MOAB class balloons, but we already have towers capable of that. Even the turrets are kinda disappointing. You said it yourself, “are we sure this isn’t the dartling paragon?” Scaled down MAD missiles and plasma accelerator. For 650K, it should come with a bloon trap, should be able to overclock other paragons, and have more unique sentries. This is easily my least favorite paragon, and one that I don’t see myself using any time soon. Def needs a rework. It’s a support class paragon with no support capabilities. Very disappointing, had so much potential.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! this is by far the best one
Since there's no trap sentry the engineer himself should become the trap, turn into a late game bloon chipper or smth
You can find the real profit that the bloon trap makes by subtracting its pop count from its money production.
The fact that the sentrys can be buffed is insane for a paragon. Also  the blue one seems to have high moab dps while the red one seems to have better bloon dps purple just seems to be a inf range balance where it is good at both.
I am a little underwhelmed.
this paragon's name was brought to you by the lego movie
As a tf2 fan, all I have to say is:       ENGINEER GAMING
Pls do how long can a engineer paragon survive
Would be nice to see if it just overclocks everything in it's range every round
LETS GOOO POGGERS I’VE BEEN COUNTING THE DAYS SINCE JULY 1ST
Eyyy
GERMAN SCIENCE IS THE GREATEST!
it kinda sounds like u have a cold, you feelin good? also cant wait to unlock this
Imagine if this thing had a second ability that could suck in bloons like the bloon chipper and trap at the same time
Your voice seemed a little off today, hope your not sick.
Why do u can upgrade more tower upto lvl 5? I thought they only let you upgrade just 1, is it only for singleplay? I'm new here btw...
Bro its out? Sickk
“We have the XP to unlock it and-“  So I got like an extra 250k for this paragon? Mann
no trap is lame as hell ngl
ISAB: that is currently the most expensive paragon The Ninja Paragon:
I was playing around with the Master Builder and found out that you can Door Gunner all three of his sentries. That seems like it could be pretty useful.
Idk this seems kinda lazy. Saying it can overclock and then delivering "oh it just always overclocks itself haha! No you can't see him do it, don't be silly" also no foam, pin is just a generic stun, no traps, and the special turrets are just other towers with 5-0-0 engi on top of them, with the numbers tweaked and a new coat of paint. I get they had to focus on the contested territory thing, but if they were short on time, they could have picked a less complicated tower like ace or druid. If they wanted a support paragon, spike factory would also be pretty quick to set up. Engineer is one of the most dynamic towers in the game and this just feels kinda shallow.
I would love to see it pinning moab, bfb, zomg and DDT instead of stunning
Some of these paragons feel like 6-0-0 rather than 5-5-5 💀
When is the mobile update coming out?
Bro they also announced ace paragon and a new tower for this year bro.
Mini-opolis was nerfed
dart gunner paragon
Watch it get nerfed 2 days later
hi
Idk if you know anything about it but do you have any information on why Mobile players get the update late?
1st
You know it’s a ninja kiwi paragon cause the description doesn’t tell u much
It's sad to not see more of the ultra boost aspect to it. I think many were hoping this paragon would be able to buff other paragons. Some trap aspect would be nice too. The pin effecting moabs is super cool tho! I had not thought of that. Still, slightly sad.
ISAB: “I wonder if the trap contributes to the pop count” Ah yes the engineer’s nail guns are getting thousands of pops a round
To be kinda true, i didn't really like the design of Engi Paragon when they first teased it. At least it gets a bit better on higher degrees.
It's cool and all, but I think the middle and bottom path could have been implemented. Maybe the engi could get an ultraboost ability with more max stacks or be able to buff paragons. Or a trap that has more capacity than a big trap and can hit a boss, dealing massive amounts of damage or hitting a skull no matter the health.
It's cool but could've been better.  They should've made it to where any tower placed within range automatically gets 10x Overclocked or have a REALLY Big Trap that can suck up BADS!
OH GOD IM EARLLY YEAHHH
Interesting that the sentries are part of an ability!
Title reminds me of the Lego Movie.
Kinda disappointing ngl. Its basically more of a 6-0-0 rather than a 5-5-5
I think the reason the blue one out-dps the other ones is because it shoots like a MAD missile so it probably does a ton of damage to MOABs but maybe sucks against balloons
It seems more like a 6-2-2 engi than a paragon IMO
They hard nerfed geraldo
It's looks like 502 on steroids.
the three sentries of the paragon seem like they work as the same as the three crosspaths of the dartling gunner
It did not update
Um
Hey man idk if this was you I played with on co op my user was koji and we ended up loosing on round 78 was fun to play with a YouTuber if it was you
Maybe add a 2nd ability where it's a super trap that can take down a b.a.d but the cooldown is very long for "balance" *looks at boat paragon*
This tower looks like my dream god
I feel like if boat paragon can one shot BADs then engineer should be able to stun them
Bruh I missed it:((
When is it released on mobile?
Nah bro it’s sentry pawragon
WHERE IS IT? I NEEEEEEEEED EEEEEEETTT. I have not seen any update whatsoever drop
its not the most expensive paragon in terms of xp btw, the Ascended Shadow is the most expensive in xp
Update is not here yet for me, is it only for BLOONS content creators?
""let's make a thing inventor" said the thing inventor who was made by a thing inventor"
The update is not out for me yet :/
Epicccc
sentryception
UAFOZEEO Team code if some1 wants to join my team
It didn't come out for me
The update that we have been waiting for
Should've been called Engineer Gaming.
“Vengeful adora at home”🤣
kinda unrelated, but I just downloaded the update and I already found a glitch
doesn't ninja paragon need 1 million XP?
Idk if it's it out
I quite like this paragon. The sentrys are highly microable, which is very fun, the pin means it synergises super well with the other paragons, as they pop the BADs then it perma stalls any fortified DDTs, esspecially the ones inside the fortified BADs. And the sentries are called sentry paragons, which is nice.   My complaints are that the ultraboost inclusion is a bit half hearted (anything from an overclock aura to being able to give an extra ultraboost stack or 2 to towers would be great, the just buffing itself each round is pretty meh. Not qs bad as if it was just able to buff other paragons though), and the near complete lack of bloon trapage. I understand the bloon trap a bit, and its not unprecedented (dart paragon doesn't have crits), but adding a bit more double gunnage would have been nice.  Overall, not even close to the majesty of the boat paragon, but decent utility and lots of fun micro stuff, whilst having a very low screen load, so I'd rank it higher than the typically more boring+high screen clutter dart and boomer paragons.
Im offended its not called sentry paragon
They will release new towers! Omg
I think it’s weird that they skipped so much of the engi paragon but I guess it would be too broken otherwise. A super trap and a better ultra boost would be too good but at the same time I do t see why this is so expensive if it’s missing two of the tier 5 paths? Like, if it’s missing functionality why is this paragon effectively 900k for a tier 1?
The red sentry is best against huge clusters of bloons. Blue is best against Moab classes. And the purple does average damage (compared to the other two), but has map wide range.
The return of the Engineer Paragon
I'm guessing red sentry is for bloons, blue for moabs and purple full map ? Probably pierce as well. Having the red not hit purple Bloons is harsh though.
Idk, im kinda let down to be honest. I hyped myself up a lot for just a 5-2-3 engineer with some extra stuff and some extra damage to make up the cost
I wanna watch this vid so bad but I don’t want to until the update drops to get a first fresh look because I’ve avoided all spoilers til now
Everytime Geraldo...... only cause quincy action figure.... R.I.P Benjamin....
My guess is that, the green is meant to be the Ceramic cleaner, the red with huge area and pierce, while the blue focuses on high MOAB damage hence why it outclasses other sentries against 3 BADs
Is it just me or does this map kinda look like a bad modded map?
I really thought that he would pick up bloons and moabs with his empty claw and turn them into cash. A shame to see one of my favourite tier 5s not included but it was bound to happen eventually
THIS IS WHAT I SIGNED UP FOR!!!!!!
I have liked all other paragons but an engineer is very cool
I'm disappointed it doesn't buff other towers, but that's probably to be expected. I'm much more disappointed that it doesn't have a trap. I wasn't even thinking about that, because I feel like it would just be a given. Either way, it's still a super unique tower. Hopefully they can give it some bloon traps in a future update. It might balance it more if it isn't powerful enough for the cost as-is.
I 100% expected this paragon to be able to boost the others. I mean, if anything can buff paragons, it has to be a paragon, right ?  Well I guess it buffs itself somehow ... Still, kinda sad about that. That would have allowed for crazy strong bosses or something.
That is expensive!
So no trap, no overclock or foam, the sentries take extra time to put out due to being an ability and arent that good conpared to the other paragons. Huge letdown, nobody will use this outside of needing an extra paragon for damage on a boss
I’m early
I think this has beat the ninja for most satisfying paragon
Can't wait to see how this does against bosses
he sounds like the guy from clash of clans who built the second overseas village
Honestly if they just gave it the x-5-x ultraboost ability then that would be pretty cool because then you could have two ultraboost cooldowns
The Paragon seems okay but it feels like it leans too much into the sentry aspect of the Paragon, it has the stunning abilities of the bottom path and the self overclock of the middle path (but with no indication) but that’s it.   I’m no game designer but maybe have one sentry be like an omega bloon trap dispenser that dispenses super traps that give 500% return and can take 25% off of BADS.   And as everyone said the ability to overclock other Paragons or smth new like an Omega-clock that ONLY affects Paragons so it feels a bit more balanced.
how is ultraboost and xxxl trap incorporated in the paragon?? i know theres pin, but theres no trap, and thats a t5 lol
Is mini-opolis still good after they cut the monkeyopolis extra cash per crate by 2/3?
the sentries are literally plasma accelerator anti bloon and mad
The "overclock", if you can call it that, is that after the first round the nailgun attacks faster.  You'll notice if you pay close attention that the first round the Master Builder is on-screen it shoots rather slow, and then starts attacking faster after that round.  It doesn't seem to stack, which is why I assume they called it Overclock and not Ultraboost.  But it really does not feel prevalent.  This paragon seems like top path and pretty much nothing else.
POG
the stun is from bottom path
early
Unless we are missing some stuff... then this paragon is a let down. The new adora skin is probably this updates highlight lol. Might as well have made this the dartling paragon and called it a day.
New Clash of Clans update looking sick!
Will you do a vídeo for this Paragon like you diz with the others?
They really should have added the trap and overclock. The trap could be a super mega 5X trap that can spawn twice a round and tank up to 2 bads (like the boat), and have an overclock that gives like 5 stacks at once to a tower
No trap and foam is a huge let down
Minute squad
me waiting for hbomb to do the math for the new nerfed monkeyopolis
I was too late grinding exp Fu-
It's cool, but I'd prefer if it was more support than straight damage as it's class implies
Master builder? What is this, the Lego movie?
Where did big trap go????
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🪐 🌎 🌞
they made a 6-0-2 not a 5-5-5
Heheh, sentry-seption
moke
Seems like the sentries are a RoD, MAD and Anti Bloon that you can deploy wherever and, as far as I can tell, the only real cross path is that the tower itself can pin moab class bloons.
Is it really out? I can not tell right now
Finnaly its here
I wish you could lock the target of the Green Paragon sentry.
5-5-5 supermonkey paragon, in game cost: 2.5 million
0:17 ninja crying in the corner
"sentryparagongreen" "sentryparagonred" "sentryparagonblue"
I like how the paragon is a “master builder” from the lego movie
Has this update came out for everyone
This is easily the coolest looking Paragon yet
I want to see this paragon vs the boss bloons, also the paragon itself is also very powerful ( it can pin any Moab except a bad )
It should of have a trap that can eat a BADs
Yaàaaaaaaaa
WOOO COC IN BLOONS MY DREaM HAS COME TRU
Is ninja 1mil XP?
where cleansing or overclock, or trap (besides the one at the end)
I thought that the update came out
the blue sentry stunned at 800
not a fan of this paragon, a support tower with no actual sings of support. Just a ton of damage and 3 sentries which is 1/3rd of the whole tower
Amazing
I don't have the update yet :(
Really disappointing tower, you would think that the engineer paragon would bring the most  I thought the sentries would explode and create traps/holes to capture Bloons, maybe the paragon has an engineer based shop?, like an ice blade, or an explosive lobber that stuns and knocks back Moab's-Bfbs which increase incoming damage
AYO NOW?!?!?!?
It seems to me that the red and green sentries benefit more from super brittle, cripple moab, and glue storm  However, it's just speculation from projectile count and attack speed
Engender go brrrrrrrrrrrrrr
i just realized, is this a reference to the lego movie? master builder and the same looking mech
he shoots out like mini teir 5 the paragon duh
ITS THAT LEGO GUY
First!😃
Does the infinite paragon glitch still there?
I feel like it would’ve been sick if it could overclock other paragons or something idk. It’s cool that is has the pin the for at least a little cross path representation
do you  keep the sentry's when you sell the paragon because if so that would be really good on boss events
This Paragon’s gonna give us a lot of cool and clever challenges imo, just imagine how many thing you can do with that explosion upon deploying a new one of the same kind
I think the blue sentry shoots a mad missile with low peirce, the green sentry shoots plasma accelerator beam with low damage but infinite range, and the red sentry shoots the anti bloon plasma which has high peirce and low damage
ayy this is how i found out the new update is out... im not complaining lets go!!
no super mega overclock :(
Lame ahh paragon
I wish it was the first paragon to be able to buff other paragons. Still looks cool though.
Can’t this technically be a downgrade if you’re trying to 10x buff a tower using the x5x engineer, since you can’t get any 5th tier engineers after paragon.
Sniper nerfs 😔
i feel like not adding a trap is kinda sad, it should have been a manual ability yo place a giaant trap
wait at what time does update come out lol
Sick with eczema?
Does it release on iPhone?
They really just put all the effort into top path didn’t they, kinda sad ngl
Lets goooo
Huh, well I mean… it’s something. It doesn’t feel like an all encompassing paragon though.
W
Awesome!
Is it out for mobile
Is 32.0 in mobile now
It has not apeard for me yet lol.
One sentry shoots out mini MAD missles and another one shoots plasma accelerator    Are we sure this isnt dartling paragon in disguise?
Isnt acendent shadow the most expensive? Last i checked it costs 1m xp
YES!!! 82nd
I think the mega sentries count damage from the mini sentries so that’s why the dps appears to grow over time
nice
The worst paragon ever
oh shit the engi paragon's ab is the coolest thing i've ever seen in bloons
get well soon isab
nice
The engi paragon is pretty cool Really confusing rn tho
keyboard is bassboosted lol
pog
OMG FIRST
This new tower seems sick. However I would love if it could super boost towers like 20 times or smth. Other wise it seems like a really good dps tower but I don’t like the fact that the xxxl trap is absolutely missing since I hoped from the trailer one sentry would be a trap sentry. But it’s still a really insane dps tower.
This thing needs a buff...
since you can village buff the sentries, maybe you can alch buff them too
70th
hmm im early love the vids :)
The master builder reminds me of the mech at the end of the lego movie, where emmit is literally called the master builder...
Only took 7 years lol
Finally
Wow, no bloon trap at all. That’s pretty disappointing to see. Maybe NK will have a change of heart later down the line
Where is cum foam and trap? I want a trap sentry pls.
Not out for iOS but hope it comes out tmw morning for iOS👍
I immediately stopped what i was doing to get on btd6  Thoughts on engi paragon: 1) Nk should have made a slow respawning, bad 1-shotting, ultra trap because if boat (which is cheaper) can one shot bads so should engi 2) They should make the overclock on the engi and its sentries visible so you know that its gonna get stronger without  looking at wiki or anything else 3) WOW THE AMOUNT OF MICRO. On the degree 1 vs degree 100 there is going to be a lot of squeezing more rounds out of it.
Seems kinda weak
And just as I was about to sleep
I wonder how the new adora skin looks with the vengeful temple? If it has any changes like the default skin
balon
What gives you happiness
isab review engi
Finally a new paragon! Awesome vid btw, i already know its good before i even watch it
So engi paragon - Is the most expensive paragon in the game - Doesn't incorporate Bloon trap in any way, shape, or form - Seems weaker than even Boomer paragon - Has no overclocking aura and no visual indicators to show its overclocking itself Massive letdown NK
I see they took inspiration from the first Lego Movie with that name.  Also if this was god boosted, would the sentry spawn god boosted or would it have to be done manually 🤔
WOOOOOOO
Nice
Eyy it's 4am where I live and I can't sleep, so the logical consequence is, that I watch YouTube
early gang
cool
FINALLY!!!
Engineer Paragon part 2
Here it is, can't wait to see the sentry paragon
I agree with this
One of the first people. I so happy!!
I just just woke up
Stay healthy 🙏
I approve this update
The paragon seems kinda balls ngl, just seems like high damage and nothing else like boomerang. Overall good update though also wheres the xxl trap?
OMG I THOUGHT IT WAS A MOD THIS IS AWESOME
i guess sentry spam gon be the new boss strategy
It’s finally out let’s goooooo
I cant get the update on mobile, whats happening?
EPIC
My god finally holy shit
No bloon trap upgrade?
firstish
master builder... like the lego movie, THE ENGINEER IS EMMET        also 6th view👍
cool vid
hi isab
LESS GOO
first
Master baby builder
Sheesh
Neat
bro the update dropped 30 minutes ago what
Real
Isab
Let's Goo
Poggg
Yes new vid
Yooo hype
i clicked so fast
YESSSS
Finally, the engineer paragon is back  🦀🦀🦀
Everything is awesome
SubSAB
speedran making a video so fast
lesssgooooooooo!!!!!!
t
Sick
Update 32.0 is actually real everyone!   Leave your paragon thoughts below. Didn't cover much outside of the paragon in this one but you can read the full patch notes here: https://redd.it/wfnm5s
