Go to https://expressvpn.com/Mumbo and find out how you can get 3 months free! And a big thank you to ExpressVPN for sponsoring this video!
15:50 as for the would it be stealing if it's your own head your taking back, idk. But one time I had a dream where I was being searched for by a family of cannibals who wanted to eat me in a town full of people who hated me, so I had to bring my own dead body to the cannibals house without being seen and leave it there so they'd eat it instead of me. Idk where I got the dead version of me or why there were two of us but that's pretty much it.
ohhh my god the secret project you mentioned at the start of the video was the stuff you did for the minecraft movie if anyone actually guessed it was that back in october 2023 i'd be incredibly surprised
I liked the part where he said "it's hermitcraft time" and hermitcrafted all over the place.
Mumbo: *builds the underside of his bridge to make his base more sound--at least, in some way* Also Mumbo: *doesn't know that Grian got in trouble with Doc over accidentally blowing up his tunnel bore*
When in doubt… go without???
I thunk this episode might be boring but it wasn’t
I thunk the Statue of Liberty was a cat
12:51 amogus
Can someone please tell me who’s store it was that Mumbo bought the lamps from?
Anyone re-watching the episodes, does he actually finish all his planned farms?
I can't help but think that the secret project was secret life and that's why he said secret
I don't know why mumbojumbo is known for redstone when he's also amazing at building
How much raw material did you have for the timelapses? 10 hours?
13:06   am i the only one who hears this where he puts down the copper on the beat
hahahaha
Being able to see you enjoy the building process while I work helps
This build is reminding me of the game Hollow knight!
this video is incredibly chaotic and I love it
The 4th wall broke when you said "cut"  and my toaster oven timer rings in the same moment  😮
I can confirm: belgium is a country. But that about it.
He missed out wool farm!!!!
YEAH GO FOREST GUMP. i love that movie.
Thunk is actually an onomatopoeic word for the sound of arrows hitting their targets or axes hitting trees as well as other similar definitions.
@ThatMumboJumbo Maybe it would be better to alternate the lamp posts on both sides? Makes it a little less busy i think...?
13:10 if Dr. Seus has taught me anything, it's that it doesn't matter if it is a real word for something to make any ounce of sense. Case example: I believe Dr. Seus has used the word "thunk" before. What it in The Grinch?
By the end of the season you have used all of in hemitcraft
more substantial and darker still could be a death metal album
The statue of lib erty actually did used to look like mumbo's version.
On the topic of timelapses, you also do talky timelapses which makes it a bit different than just music from the others. Perhaps you could record the talky bit and match the timelapse to the recording in post?
I have an evil idea. Put a hopper filtered to diamonds under a chest. People pay, you get diamonds and people think it's stolen without payment
Docm77🔛🔝
you and real civil engineer have to do a colab you would drive him insane
I came for mumbo, I stayed for Gem the bloodthirsty barbarian.
Stare sus 0:07
Munbo Jumbo: talking about time-lapse length Me: watching the chunks in the background pop in and out.
The only thing on the back of Grant is a waffle.
Petition for someone to make a Grian skin where the back is just the cosmos of space.
lmao did grian build a circular structure so that he was forced to build the whole thing
The uniquely mathematical vantage Mumbo takes to building is always a joy.
If i had a penny for everytime Mumbo said "substantial" I'd be the richest hermit 💀
the giant store reminds me of sahara
The fact that he actually walked over to the stairs to yse pick block... rather than just pressing a key
Did he just call grain flat?
"Grian have no back " - mumbo jumbo 2023
The name of video - that’s what she said
dude mumbos apartment looks so cool
Among us
DUDE your FOV is KILLING ME =)
"Industrial furnac? eeeeeeeeeee" -Mumbo Jumbo, 2023
mumbo: a hacker will steal everything you know and love and sell it online for their own gain. music in the background: 😄😃😃😄
Does anyone have a tutorial or any idea how mumbos vault door opening works (all the Redstone to it). Pls tell me.
Who built the store Mumbo bought frog lights at???
Hey mumbo, I'm just catching up on the videos so I know this is a bit late. HOWEVER, 'thunk' is a word in computer science jargon, it refers to the storing of something inside a function that takes no arguments to run. Pretty nifty eh?
Bros house irl looks lime a minecraft house
"Industrial furnac" "eeeeeee"
How about a copper farm? You use a lot of copper
Hi
I swear this guy's mic changes every time
You don’t have a mustache, I’m unsubscribing
I’m kind of enjoying myself. On a video game…
mumbo: * describing grian with no back * me: ah the fan artists are going to have a field day with this one
I am a civil engineer and I can confirm: I was screaming :D
14:58  Me talking about my job as a lighting technician....
I feel like banners could add a lot to the bridge
I feel like the audio in this video is 10x better than normal
Interesting… as an American, I don’t often see people building them Houses of Parliament or the London Eye as a prank. This shows just how good-humored the British are that they would build an American symbol instead of an unspoken offensive symbol.
11:40 i can’t lie i think the lamps would’ve looked better in just the corners instead of removing the corners
be cool if half the bridge was in your style
Mumbo getting sidetracked by a complex idea involving your head and prosthetics is a very Jumbo thing to do.
"bugs.......i do like bugs" ~mumbo 2023
oh my god i didn't even think about the possibility of making chests from bamboo,  this is going to save me so much trouble
I loved it when he said it's hermiting time and hermited all over the place 🥶🥶🥶
It's the head of your previous incarnation
Personally I really don't like the blue of the water, it makes my eyes focus on on it more than the actual bridge, just too much on the eyes, but that's just me, can't seem to make myself like it
3:43 I want one.
Sus?
I live the statue of lib
I love when he said “You never know, when 2 particle collide you could end up with a dolphin highway, or you could end up with a civil war”  14:35
2:40 elybeatmaker “pillars” when
Did anyone saw among us?
I've got to admit.. At 17:16 I thought you built a little statue. And then you put the lever on it and it got much, much worse, lol.
Personal Timestamp: 9:48
You should add normal lamps for the midnight vibes
14:23 I want to see an animator try to animate Grian like this lol. “ For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God. “ John 3:16-21 (NIV)  “ If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you profess your faith and are saved. “ Romans 10:9-10 (NIV)
I love mumbos copper block antics
This bridge should get a 0.1/10 in a bride review.
Lamps- exciting for moths
Mumbo you are truly a comedian :) It's great to have you back on HC! :)
This looks great! imo the water columns would look better with the bases following the terrain vs all being at the same level.
That's what she said
Your most precious thing Mumbo are the 12 bamboo, though out of reach in another season lol
Man I think I'd he connected the lights opposite from each other it would nice
0:27   *Mumbo*: "Considerably more sustainable"    *Me*: Looks at amongus on build  *Me*: "Considerably more *sus*tainable indeed."
A-X-O-L-O-T-L
with mumbo's recent ventures into building, I think we're finally starting to blur the line between the polar opposites of mumbo's technical redstone skills and grian's building expertise.    this has been overly verbose episode breakdowns with ToaSt.
The dot in the top right corner of the screen confuses me.
14:26 if grien has no back, how would we know he has a Waffle on his hair?
"Is this a good length?"  -Mumbo 2023
well this base appears to be coming together amazingly
With the lamps I feel you could have had them at different heights all over? May take away the flat ness issue
2:56 SuGaRcAnE hErE, sUgArCaNe ThErE
I would 100% burgle my own head.
Is Belgium really a country? Excuse me???
Sustainable
Sustainable
i bet he will complete like 3 of those farms by the end
mumbo keeps drawing among us 😔
6:46 tiny tiny tiny tiny Timelapse
From redstone genius to “pro”builder
Idea!: U can use the slots to teleport to ur "specific farms" 🎉
13:11 Thunk is in fact a word! It's an onomonopia!
I watched this while drunk, I fully endorse the experience 10 out of 10
Me: sure watching english content will improve my english skills Mumbo: 13:04
Is it just me, or does Mumbo sound a bit different today? Not in a bad way, just d I f f e r e n t
Where’s the Tokyo drift song, Mumbo?
I live in Belgium, so i can confirm ... yes .... we are a real country and no, its not made out of waffles
"thinking... Thinking... THINKING..."  "i have thunk"  such is life, indeed.
Grian added a bit of white wool and mumbo didnt notice and it also look like among us
11:40
Mumbo you need to ask doc to help you get 12 ender portal frames so you can have a portal in your base You can even call it your enderman farm lol
"When I thought I was lost I was actually found, and now that I'm here I'm lost." Is now one of my new favorite quotes.
“The civil engineers are *STILL* screaming.” 0:42
Mumbo, take cover. Grian, Impulse, and Gem staged an "intervention" to force Grian to finish the back of his base. It ended up blowing up Doc's tunnelbore.  You know how this sort of thing ends up going.
@RealCivilEngineerGaming What do you think about those bridges?
You should add a working bank to the server with atms and debit cards like in a previous video when u made a superstore 😊
Hi mumbo! Did you get a new mike/change the sound settings? Your voice sounded different this video. I also could just be loosing my mind, it's hard to say.
As a civil/structural engineer I appreciate the shout out lol
love how mumbo gave diamonds to someone actually buying those shulkers properly   also looking in the sussy build multiple times without recognizing it    edit: wait its literal 2 episodes until he noticed it
Is nobody going to talk about his base looking like among us because of the white concrete
Smallish beans does good time lapses
I like long time lapses if that helps
4:15 first customer trying kfc drive thru be like:
My ocd brain is exploding. WHY DID YOU PUT BAMBOO, SUGAR CANE, MELON AND PUMPKIN WITHOUT THE WORD FARM AFTER, BUT YOU DID PUT THE WORD FARM AFTER THE OTHER ONE'S
13:12 thunk is an existing past tense of think
Mumbo making his builds harder for himself, jk you're the next Grian
"Why am I so bad at Minecraft? I've been playing this game for so long and I'm still terrible at it" - Mumbo 17:50
I feel like the villager trading hall should be on the same level, or close to the same level as the bridge. For easy access
You should make a sheep farm along with a dye farm which you will need a bonemeal farm to support. Along with that you should also make a kelp farm because why not
Wow! That was the most perfect timelapse i have never seen!!
thats what she said
WHAT HAS GRIAN DONE TO YOU?!?!?!
thats whast she sai- DEMONITIZED
The things set in motion by Mumbo messing with Grian's copper is proof of the butterfly effect. Also that Mumbo might be the 1st to feel the wrath of Doc. RIP
Can you become a Minecraft god in survival with only Redstone
This Civil Engineer is screaming with laughter 😂
lol u instantly messed up the shop u gotta hit the button and it gives u a full shulker and replaces it with a new shulker im pretty sure
i think grian needs ur help after what he did to docs machine lol
Amogus
what texture pack is he using? why does it look the same but better??
Not Mumbo helping fuel the eldritch!Grian designs/headcanons
Mombo go at gumbot you see portal go in it
Make a copper farm since you use it a lot in your build
Mumbo! Try experimenting and use *BANNERS* in your building. With the right design, they can really add a unique and custom aesthetic to your build!
That was the perfect timelapse length :chef's kiss:
grian and scar is in trouble
I use thunk instead of think all the time 😂
You didn't notice mumbo jumbo  your building is bit sus
14:07 the moment it all started
We love you jumbo
MUMBOOOO THE JUMBO IS REAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can we get much higher so high
Now that iskalls started uploading again and is soon coming back to hermitcraft i hope these 2 will have some shenanigangs again just like season 7.
0:13 why dose the layout of the base look like a fat among us character
8:43 1,2 buckle my shoe
Have you heard about the big accident in Doc's base? The Great War Of Seison 9 is comming...
Sus
I only have two words to say to you. GREY CONCRETE
You don't often stay on your side of the fourth wall in your videos.
19:14 the most British thing i heard
To break up the flatness of the bridge a bit more, maybe add soul campfires on the corners surrounded by trap doors, to make it look industrial too, like they’re vents releasing fumes of some kind? I guess it depends on how hard u want to lean into the dark menacing industrial angle… maybe it’s too evil idk. Have fun building ur farms
I was watching and thinking at 16:16 and I might have a fun idea: you can steal any shulkerbox in everyones base but if their head is in that box you have to gather all those things and give it to them (double it) btw love your videos
Among Us 😂
You should place a cat down on top of every pillar you've made, that way you can have a cat-a-pillar.
For future reference, it's good 7:25 to do shorter time-lapses for longer builds but longer ones for shorter builds. Hope this helps
What about a beacon instead of the froglight in the middle of every pillar? Could look pretty cool 😎
Mumbo: my base is complete. Xisuma: Hermitcraft season 10 comes out next week.
0:27 amogus
Mumbo can’t remember the back of grians head! It’s my favorite breakfast, WAFFLES.
4:37 Are we gonna talk about mumbo's really good interior design?
I feel like it would look better if you have a second layer of arches below the top layer in the middle of three bridge pillars
Jumbo you should get shaders
If you retaliate to Grians sus copper shenanigans, you ought to use the copper on the back of his base, the put something along the lines of, a true hermit ages copper while finishing the back to his base, or something like that.
Very "sus"tainable base
Where the redstone
grian posted today its him that put the sighn
I miss hearing mumbos theme tune at the start of a vid
sus
dont worry mumbo, your timelapses are fine.  also, i think the lamps are good but maybe you should space them out a bit more.
is it just me or did he make an Among Us Character again 9:35
Mumbo, Grian made your base rather sus. Is your base an imposter base? If you don’t understand the reference, play Among Us.
hi i love your videos, i think it would look awesome if the pilars started in diferent levels like going with the terrain. regards from colombia
No one:  Mumbo: "We've made absolutely massive progress on the mega base itself." Literally adds a few lamps, a few pillars, and builds a mini statue of liberty.
You can put bubble columns in the pillars if the middle of the 3x3 is source blocks and the rest are flowing.
I can’t wait for Mumbo to finish his whole base before Grian builds the back of his…
That’s what she said.
You should try make the pillars out of tinted glass
and he made an amonugs AGAIN
Sus means suspicious in case
Mumbo, that is a fine Lady Liberty. bless her.
I think that the base of the pillars should be offset in hight like they were just built on uneven ground and then terraform around it obviously 🎉
20:51 green amogus
I like the music from monkey Island 👍 Did you play monkey Island?
if mumbo manages to master the art of building he will obtain ultimate power and will be able to create functional, wonderful and beautiful builds and contraptions which means he will be all powerful!!!
the base is really cool, almost reminds me of zoras domain so that’s neat
why dont you put campfires under the water so there is light ar night?
Idk if Elybeatmaker is still doing remixes, but if they are I've got a feeling we're gonna be hearing "Pillars" soon, possibly with sampling from "Sugarcane, Pillar, Sugarcane, Brickwall!" and "Water Source"
Love the layout, looking forward to your bamboo farm
because english is my second language i usualy say  "f" and "th" the same way (somehow they don't teach this to kids in school) so instead of saying "thunk" it just saound like "funk" :,)
mumbo, you have seen grians back, you told him you love his back in last life
He didn’t add a MOB farm
Very nice gameplay and plz you can help me
“Is Belgium actually a real country” says the guy living in a country 50 km north of Belgium
With all that lag inside your base. You are basically building a Pandora’s box
It's bader! Is it too much for the Hermitcraft server?
I suggest building strong looking, deepslate escque pillars in the corner pillars instead of water, it would help to connect the build
The real Liberty is also made of copper and turned blue overtime   I was kinda expecting this is have already posted but it isn't so here you go.
RCE experiences architecture
No only did he build amazing creations in minecraft but he also built his own house in real life😂
That's the cutest statue of lib      erty I've ever seen.
Timelapse Chat return????
I think it might look cool if the floating rings around the center of the water columns were at staggered heights—perhaps giving the impression that they move up and down the column of water.
this title of a video is 100% what she said
Carrot of Liberty
it might look nice to have the lamp post on the bridge hanging of the side and so they can bend over the bridge itself. essentially a c-shaped lamp with post staggered instead of next to each other.
I think you should include a kelp farm to your base... For Grian.
good video
Using the deep slate tiles as a band around the floor would be pretty clean. Like, the layer of floor surrounding the wood
cool vid
I love how jumbo is worried about the water pillars being unrealistic, while Grains base is entirely floating rocks 😂
You should do your ad reads during the time-lapse sometime
It is very sus... tainable
I was trying to think how I could improve a build I am working on, and your pillers have inspired me. To return the favor, may I recommend Lava pillers that can add extra protection as a bonus, and most importantly, add red, yellow and orange to your base in a way that won't looking to out of place.
I like how he brings in his hobbies (photography/cinematography) into his videos. It really feels like Mumbo is more than just a “guy who does redstone”
Mumbo your poor adansonii 😱
“Talking about lamps is boring” all of the moths watching: 👀👀👀
Were losing mumbo to building!😬
19:49 Mumbo really is losing his marbles
furnac eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee bugs me so bad
Mumbo! Don’t you remember saying “I love your back” to Grian on one of the life series though?😂
I'm pretty sure the back of Grian is a waffle.
I like the short Timelapse’s but this one felt a little too short yk?
As a Structural Engineer i can say i am SCREAMING.
Ohhh Mumbo your monsteras are dying! 4:38
"Sus"tainable has returned
RCE is still screaming
why don't u break it up the lamps and like have on on each side and so it light it up and still looks good
did grian quit hermitcraft??
will you invite me to the hemit craft sever?
I was raiding an ancient city listening to this in the background and the random shriekers going off in Mumbo's base gave me several panic attacks.
mmm yes i love these new SUStainable base designs
Mumbo missed out on hermittopia, so he's making his own big clump of farms
Put the sign I did there.
morbius
Anyone else feel like hte audio in this video is a bit harsh?
That’s what she’s said
What if you were to lower the lamps at the midpoints of the walkways, including the crossroad? Or the inverse, where the corners and midpoints (including the crossroad) have lamps at the original height, but the lamps between the corners and the midpoints are one block lower?
Nah mumbo u really had to make the video 1 second longer 😢 I gave u a dislike
It looks sus
creeper farm
Rough estimate. Based on my own average length of focus a timelapse should last about 30 seconds.
you should add towers on the corners
eeeeee
Mumbo I'm sure you won't see this but if you ro can you make a Japanese style roof being supported by the lamp posts
The dolphin highway runs through the vaults basement. Because of that, I instantly thought of an aquarium glass tube looking into literally mountains of diamondblocks in the vaults basement.
mumbo only have shower toughts
thats what she said
long timelaps gang
HE HAS THUNK
Do a egg farm just to cover Grian’s base with chickens for some fun
_"or an entire civil war"_ that was *four years ago* now. how has it been so long?
On the topic of timelapses, thinking back to season 5 episode 30something, which had FIVE timelapses in it 😂 Nothing wrong with that, im just pretty sure its a record for you
@13:06 i immediately recognized the music. my favorite cartoon show when I was little. i always find it funny when i find music from other media used in a video with completely different context. i wonder if mumbo knows it's from blues clues though, do they have blues clues in the UK?
Statue of lib needs a face
Ah, yes, the Industrial Furanac.
grian: *episode 58 mumbo: *episode 13
Nobody: Nicocado Avacado: 19:49
I skipped to 15:52 by accident. Why.
You should alternate the pillars between water and lava. If this is meant to be a menacing base, go full supervillain and make some lava pillars!
FrOg liGhTS oOOohHhHhh
Subscribe farm, example> a room full of propaganda where you afk or room where you play custom music discs
nothing could've prepared me for "Industrial Fernack... --eeeeeeeeee--" 19:44
No creeper farm for fireworks ?
I don't know if it's a new mic, or you're trying something in editing, but I love the way your voice sounds. Gives me ASMR.
Pretty sure this is actually a JoeHills video...
I think he’s losing his mind
I was thinking corner lamps with middle lamps (corner has lamps and middle has lamps)
You need chambers for the water to be contained and controlled in.
FASTER, AND STRONGER, TOO
Yes, Belgium is ACTUALLY a real country. 4:38
If you wanted to have bubbles from soul sand in the pillars, you could place string around the pillars then fill them with kelp and the source blocks wouldn't overflow
Watching Mumbo in 2x speed gives me so much anxiety 😂
There is some among us in that structure.
Should have put archways over the corners. Would have looked very cool.
Creeper/Mob Farm
Thunk sounds like it should be a word
Yes Mumbo, yes. Belgium IS a real country😢
Why is Mumbos base-outline sus again???
forrest gump
Grian Will start a Copper War. I'm calling it now
Now set the whole thing up as a todolist with a large NOR gate out the back of it that will play a chime when you complete the list. who knows maybe you'll hook it up to some fireworks or something :D
So... We're just going to brush over the dog fart thing, cool 😂😂
that's what she said
"I have thunk" and the sound of copper block placing afterwards (*thunk*)! 😂😂 I just love this, petition to make this part of sustainable language :D
Mumbo is the only YouTuber that I watch without subtitles
my favourite part of a Mumbo video is the 15 minute mark where topics of insanity arise like the ethics of stealing your own head.
The villager trading hall should be some kind of a teller area. It is a vault, after all
Your Murabba is dark brother, add some gold to it, for a contrast!
"I have thunk" xD xD xD
you should’ve put a sign on the back of your statue of lib…erty that says “no back, just like Grian”
Thats what she said
Noooooo my poor country does exist, whyyyyy 😭😂
is it just me, or is Mambo's base is sus    Like in season 8?
civil engineers: *screaming*
If you're having trouble decorating your builds maybe try watching some old videos of minecraft builders like Grian for some inspiration.  hope it helps. 😁
mumbo, if you are in doubt of how machines on hermitcraft work, just google it. like "hermitcraft S9 impulse's store how to use" or smth  also you spoon, thunk is a word, it means for the sound when smth hits smth
Replace the collectable with 12 bamboo!
kelp farm? you should make
I think you should EQ your higher frequencies in your voice, those S's are loud, or maybe im just oversensitive x)
That’s what she said!
HE IS BACK
I love you mumbo dont leave me ever again plz😭
On the corners put soul lamps on it
With the lamps i think a good idea might be to keep the corners but spread them out in the middle or do them all spread out and have them every other spot and they end up where they end up. The base is looking so good mumbo 😊
Piston door farm is number 1 farm needed, no need to lie to yourself Mumbo you know you want to make one
The platform is very SUS-tainable
that title 💀
I thought that was groot for a minute
4:38 short answer, NO, as a Belg it's not It says on paper it does buuuuuut it's not
were gonna have a bumbo liberoni now!
Hey @MumboJumbo, why not use Impulses Iron Farm + Villager Breeder (two in one)
yess belguim is a country!!!!xd
Mumbo: makes a Statue of Liberty.  Me: that’s a carrot, right?
You can't axe me to death now, so....   *THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID*
Have them as tunnels
Mumbo: says its hard to see if his lamp posts look good. Me: watching on 360p on tiny device.
Wait. Is it supposed to be a Statue of Liberty? I thought it was the from worms video game. I've wanted to play that on Grians base for ages.
Made crosroad lamps 1 block taller
New mic?
u shud make a diamond beacon
You should put bottom at real bottom. This don't look right.
“When I thought I was lost, I was was actually found and now that I’m here I’m lost”                   Mumbo Jumbo - Hermitcraft S9 E13
Instead of lamps, the corners could be gazebos in the style of the centre of the vault, to tie it in.
15:50 I walked away for 30 seconds and was so confused lmaooo
That is one sussy outline...
On an unrelated note you should take a dirt block and a cherry sapling to the end  and plant it. You will be glad you did.
Oh, yeah, i didn't even realise that bamboo planks means easily farmable wood farms
Mumbo saying. “Is it burgling if you burgle your own head”
I have thunk very hardly.
8:10 - Mumbo you're a hell of a lot more of a builder than I, or the vast majority of Minecraft players. If only through sheer force of practice, what with playing Minecraft far more than most people. So don't let the impostor syndrome get to you too much.  ...heh. Impostor...
the farms list could also become the on/off switches when a farm is built
that's...         what she said.
Completely random and I have no evidence, but I hope his "secret project" is Markiplier's Iron Lung. It also seems to have a rather good line up, cause Mark just finished Iron Lung filming too
mumbo the farmer is back :D
Cmon, you’re British… how would you even know about that statue. No one knows that it exists.
it just reminds me of the tesseract in the old modpacks lmao
How will the industrial district NOT break the server?
It would be cool to hook up those switches to the farms to turn them on and off as wanted!
I think a good time lapse is fast enough to not feel boring but long enough that you can see what's actually happening!
Mumbo went on his whole secret project without building the support beams. Those civil engineers were screaming for a long time
Mumbo: Needs Lamps. Also Mumbo: Avoids the lampstore.
You should’ve waxed the copper pillar😂
the time laps was perfect mumbo
Idea for the corners of the walkway; what about putting some sort of pillar/roof in place, kind of like a corner tower, but not going too high?
I only want to hear the whole song that plays during the time-lapse 5 or 6 times
Mumbo your on Trending
9:01 mumbo breaks the laws of minecraft lol
Are you using a different mic or something?
I don't watch all the hermits, so I was blown away when there was a functional DIRECTORY and ELEVATOR in a department store. Like... how? Someone had big brains. Almost as big brains as our mustached millionaire.
I do like the shorter time lapses as my Adhd just louses focus
Wow I'm really excited for when the industrial district is finished!
Lamp idea for the build: corner center corner. takes away the business but keeps it looking clean
honestly lately i have been forgetting that mumbo is the redstone guy with all these amazing building videos
“That’s what she said”-Micheal Scott
I miss the old intro/outro. It was so unified and uniform and it gave you videos this identity along with these songs. But I still enjoy your videos I just miss them.
I love your couch
idk if mumbo is still gonna see this a good couple of hours later, but the videography has definitely taken on a more professional feel in the last few years. the 1 second clips with short phrases are a goofy yet masterful addition to his work, and his narration is vastly different from years ago. kudos to him!
Hey Mumbo! Awesome video! I just wanted to say that you, and a couple other hermits, have motivated me to start recording! Thank you for all the amazing content and hard work that goes in to it! Keep up the good work!
i just thought... if grian never end the back of their buildings... what about a build that have 2 fronts and no back?
Oh the things I would do with my own head
The moment mumbo’s face popped up I thought it was an ad and technically it was
Who would've said that a video about pillars and lamps would be the funniest thing I've seen all week
A suggestion of like maybe red wood from the nether (Forgot what it's called) mixing up with the build like the connection under the waterbridge is red hot from the amount of pressure or something, and it cools down the higher it goes.
Am I the only one who's not enjoying this season of hermit craft
That was a nice timelapse
I know a civil engineer who’s only complaint would be the waters not poo and there isn’t enough “strong” shapes
Have you tried out the water highway yet? zoomies
I miss the old proleter intro 😢
If someone removes or takes your head its a beheading so you burgling your own head should undoubtedly be called reheading
Please make the title of your next video "On the Inside" because when you called this one "It's Bigger," all I could think of was Dr Who references.   On another note, I really do love having your videos to watch again, and I enjoy your thinking out loud style with the time lapses and everything.
the gold farm in my eceriance is vary laggy
19:47 EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i feel like this video is targeting me😠lol
ITS BETTER
Yo! What if you replace the smooth stone accents on the walkway with deepslate to match the darker feel of the vault?
Now my time to be annoying.  We saw your desktop.   U'm not going to say anything of steam or epic curiosity.   Just one vewry important thing,  swap to firefox. Trust me, at least give it a chance
14:24  Someone input the quote of mumbo complementing grians lovely back
I am NOT a builder but !!  maybe differentiate the lamps? And place the lughts at differeng levels so they go up and down - you can still do a pattern but it looks less repetitive and levelled   I dont know :3
Mumbo's the kind of guy to be born in October idk..
does his voice sound different?
Oohhh his big project so badly wants grian and iskall involved OOOOO it so badly wants to. So my insane little theory is right and I look like a genius instead of mad. OOoOoOooo oOOooOoo oOoOO sustainable hypnotism
I think the lamps will look less repetitive when you build up the farms through the middle.
4:47 wait till he finds out about Luxemburg
"And I havent even started going through Grian's stuff yet" 😂
Yeah, I mean, why not a kettle of fish? I guess it really isn't any stranger than a bag of worms. Who's coming up with these idioms anyway? Or did they each come about independently of each other and somehow happen to have the same meaning? Is all human language this weird, or is it just English?
I love the sustainable throwback.
0:09 i hope pheonix sees this
oh look 12 pilers. 12 tribes of Issel. 12 disciples as the pilers of the church. I don't know why my mind went there but I  found it interesting that it ended up being 12.
mumbo is turning into grian now mumbian
Perfect time lapse is as long as you are talking and get your spiel out of your system, but not to the point where it forced them around 5 seconds after. (This is just my personal opinion)
mumbo's a real person that we can relate to: we never know whats going on yet still just like mumbo will get through rather successfully in the end. I'm glad you're back Mumbo.
When is someone going to tell our richest hermit that he can purchase copper?
I don't think all of those farms will be done before the end of the season???
Who made the "coolest collectable" thing?
As a Civil Engineer, I’m ok with this.
Mogag physics be gone
you had me second guessing me on my knowledge of European countries for a second
This was the first VPN Ad I saw where someone chose germany and as a german that kinda makes me happy 😂
mumbojumbo's in his moth arc with all these lamps
“An industrial furnac eeeeeeeeeeeee”-Mumbo The amount of joy that came out of hearing that is insane
this is shaping up to be such a mumbo season, in the best possible way
I think something cool for your lamposts, change the height to form waves and try to face one lowest point in front of the opposit highest, you should have something nice !
But “thunk” is a word… it’s just not a variation of think. And is also an onomatopoeia
Why water supports?  Why not lava supports?  :)
WAFFLE GONE NOOOOO
whats bigger
Mumbo, your secret project, are you the camera operator for Iron Lung?
Love the base mumbo! But I honestly think its design would really stand out if you would build it inside the ocean like an atlantic vault. Just an idea
Where is iskall85 mumbo
Is it me or does Mumbo sounds different?
Just my opinion, I would put the lamps on the corners and the middle and leave out the sections in between Lamp|None|Lamp|None|Lamp
mubo do you have mods instald 15:14 / 21:01
I'm dutch and I can confirm that Belgium is not a real country
16:35  Mumbo: "I don't even have silk touch" Also mumbo in the next shot: *Is digging with a silk touch shovel which works just fine on glowstone*
mumbo, you can make the middle water stream source blocks and put soul sand on the bottom. It will make a bubble column and because it's in the middle, it won't make the outside water overflow.
Microphone Audio was a bit weird didn’t know if you got a new mic or not anyone else notice that?
A very chobblesome video
Bro you have cheers
Shulker farm
Oh and I watched all of season 6 for Grian aka his first season
You should name it Statue of Copperty
I watched all of season 6 7 8 and now 9 😅
The best part of Mumbo's base is the automatic redstone door but we didnt get to see it this episode!
if you feel like your builds or something is boring, just remember that my parents spent their anniversery looking at dormers..
would you have a pillar here? would you have a pillar there?
Mumbo didnt finish the back of the statue, hes becoming grian
15:27 - Mumbo is a legend. We're truly blessed to have him. There will never be another man like Mumbo Jumbo! :)
Mumbo, the 2 particles colliding in Grian's non-existent back would definitely result in civil war. You've been on Hermitcraft since Season 2, so you should know that Grian would rather finish the back of his builds than not start a war. But hey, I don't blame you. The amount of building skills you are amassing probably stunned you as much as it did me (not that I think you are a bad builder, just that your skills are getting really good really fast), so your 2 braincells might have been celebrating.
The title of this video reminded me of the moon bit. "Mumbo, is the moon big?"
Hey Mumbo! I think a good farm idea would be to have a warp stem farm since you use it in your base a lot Similarly, you could also make a frog light farm, though I'm not sure how it would work as you need magma cubes for that and the farms are in the overworld
Why belgium bro. Yeah we exist😂
You can do a copper farm (zombie turns to drowned that drops copper).
I don’t know why, but this build is giving me the vibe of a futuristic version of Zora’s Domain from BOTW. Very nice👍
naiCE
I bet that Scar put the Yoda impression on the build print.
“It’s looking more substantial. It’s looking more beefy” Be careful there Mumbo, lest you incur the Vegan Teacher’s wrath
you could also vary the height of the lamp posts.  maybe have the centers of the bridge ones be higher up so that it has a semi-pyramid silhouette, or actualize your "feels like a wave" experience from earlier and have them form a ripple / wave pattern with the heights.
As a person that lives in Belgium I can confirm that Belgium is not a real country
It'll look really cool if you use item frames for your "farm checklist" instead of signs
You could say the vault is darker because it's more massive, like a black hole and the industrial part is lighter because it doesn't have a singularity inside, just some creepers and traveling villagers you know
Im just waiting for Elybeatmaker to make a "pillar" remix
“Is Belgium actually a real country?”   Don’t know…is my childhood a lie ?🇧🇪
4:40 Is Belgium a real country? If it's not, than where am I living? Am I even living? Am I me? Am I real? Whaaaaaaa....!!! 🤯
Kelp farm 🥬🥬🥬🐟
Amazing episode Mumbo!!!
Mumbo, Have you considered talking to Xisuma about his copper farm?
DocM does the lists too!!
Im happy Mumbo has been playing on the server so much
It’s cuz Grian doesn’t use that portal lol  I like that you use it
I like lamps mumbo don’t second guess yourself friend
Mumbo this is waffle erasure
I can confirm, Belgium indeed doesn't exist and i'm just a bot😮
kinda sus
7:00 perfect length of Timelapse Mumbo
Did you see Pixelriffs remix of your Pillars
YOUVE GOT SUCH A PRETTY HOUSE  You’re not a bad person for liking your dogs farts. Your brain is happy that your dog is healthy!
REAL CIVIL ENGINEER GANG!!!
If it's just for carrots, why bother with a gold farm(which got heavily nerfed btw) when you can just buy them straight from the farmers after converting them?
belgium IS a country
16:09 can we just appreciate mumbo trying to make Minecraft logic make sense in the real life
crispy mic
Here a pillar, there a pillar, everywhere a pillar pillar, mumbo jumbo had a vault, ee i ee i o
i think i would put the lamps on every other “section” there is just a little bit too much of them
What if you use lava instead of water
that was quite a good length for a timelapse mumbo, would like it like 15 seconds longer tho
Next episode: IT GROWS!
Swap the lantern colors for the overhanging lamps to redstone lamps and it’ll be perfect 9:35
you should implement "The surfing safe drop" in the bridge. I think it could look epic
Make long time lapses the longer the video the better!!
Soul Lanterns!
x0.75 mumbo is just regular mumbo but drunk. change my mind.
13:05 Thunk? isn't past participle of Think, Thought? xD
Thank you for being amazing. You are a blessing to myself and my kids. Wholesome, fun, videos that make them want to go create. Thank you for returning.
It's still weird hearing Mumbo get so excited by building, but I'm 100% here for it.  This base is looking amazing so far!
I know Xisuma made a passive overworld gold farm just around his giant base portal a few seasons ago, he could probs give some advice on that!
Instead of the lampposts, do a different kind of structure on the corners of the bridge, that could also connect to the central build
I love lib       erty
mumbo... did you get a new mic?
Disliked because of vpn ad.
"the civil engineers are screaming" had me rolling lmao.
i thought that statue was going to be a carrot😅
Inmagine if he wasnt a yuotuber he proably do engineer
why is no one talking about the industrial fernack bit. I found it more funny than I probably should have
Make an end crystal farm!
It's hard to say with the lanterns, I think it was a good idea to add them to vary the height but the problem is by adding so many you've created the same problem where the eye line is the same throughout once again. Try adding more variations in height either through lanterns at differing heights or other details. I think once u add center pieces to the build it will help with this problem. If u want some inspo inside hermitcraft I would recommend checking out the bridge near peak, gem and iskalls base
Mumbo i think you forgot abt the tree and kelp farms :)
i loved the part where he said its hermitcraft time and proceeded to hermitcraft all over the place
Are we just going to forget about the center piece around the water beams?
Anyone else think…. Here a pillar, there a pillar. Everywhere a pillar!
3:20 And that's why we love Mumbo
...That's what she said.
Whoever’s reading this I pray you are happy and become extremely successful!
more light = less mobs
Mumbo looks like George Ezra
As a civil engineer, I can say I am indeed screaming
2:40 please no one remix that
"Why am I so bad at Minecraft?" He asks while standing on a huge teraformed hill beneath an absurdly cool build making plans for a giant redstone cube, all of which is on the Hermitcraft server.
Half of mumbos videos are just unsorted shower thoughts 😂
mumbo white logs in the background don't look good if you remove those the build will much more better........BTW love your every video
Anyone else worried about Impulse? Gem kills hon a lot
who else here thinks that Mumbo should do a podcast
What if you made the lamps at varying heights? 11:46
Fill the slabs with water under the bridge
can some please count how many time he said Pillars?
you could do your list with lamps, i went a different route:  a bucket list.  literally named buckets, that get filled with water as projects are completed to satisfaction.
i just realized that it does not make sense for hoppers to be crafted witch chest
The base needs a sign “Inspired by ImpulseSV” lol. Love the work as always Mumbo. Excited to see you build a farm soon
What do you mean you Grian has no back… I thought you loved his back 🤣
NOOOOO please do not sell out to express VPN.
I would probably build something like a tower or a roof on the corners and add even more height
kettle of fish?! brits get weirder by the day
4:39 agreed!
Anyone else get stampy flashbacks during race to the moon intro when Mumbo did the add read?? Lol
At this point mumbo is making the vault of glass.
Your base is looking quite sustainable today mumbo...
‏‪8:05‬‏ and he forgets to do it🥱
18:17 Did he say twitch is that what he has been working on ???? Mumbo on twitch confirmed?? Lol probably not haha
Will this be "the tree war 2: coper boogaloo"
For someone who claims not to be a builder you seem to over-analyze your builds quite a lot.
I'm no expert but from personal preference and my experience watching the hermits and others no more than 20% of total recording time as time-lapse and split that at least in half but preferably in four with either different projects or pauses to talk about progress etc before another time-lapse.
not mumbo critisising someone elses copper oxidising technique 😭
Don’t pressure yourself in the video aspect too much mumbo we love your content because of your particular touch and taste
In my opinion I think it would look better if he made the pillars out of blocks sticking with the theme  water dosent match
We need @RealCivilEngineerGaming to review this bridge.
Thunk. It has to be a thing now. Think Thank Thunk Stupid, but hear me out
@3:20  "...and I haven't even STARTED going thru Grian's base yet!" XD!!   Oh how I've missed hearing Mumbo's sense of humor! (And you've done our Lady Liberty fairly well! 😉)
eeeeee
Just casual smack on Belgium I love it hahaha
Eeeeee 19:45
Y don’t u try adding arch ways instead?
Mumbo going eeeeeeee killed me
Day 2 of asking Mumbo to make it so a sculk sensor opens his vault door
way to darker then bridge and make it less busy. get rid of the copper blocks on the part of the bridge thats visible when you walk on it
Loved the ode to Grian XD
The wool-farm for redstone is needed
is this a new mic?
I think the perfect time-lapse time balances explaining the project, showing the process or when both are done satisfyingly fast time-lapse that seems to grow rather than be placed.
-And I will put enmity between thee(serpent) and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.   (Genesis 3:15) -In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;   (Ephesians 1:7) -But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.   (2 Peter 3:18)
If you put an awning or some kind of small roof area in the corners of your bridge it might make it look even better.
why don't you see there is a susibaka on your build
Sussy base
His voice sounds different… new mic?
@elybeatmaker pillar there, pillar, pillar? Sus
It might also be a good idea to switch out the water pillars in the corners for something more "solid" so it looks a bit more "supported" if you know what I mean :)
I'd love a Collab between rce and mumbo
When it comes to the lamps, maybe let their height vary so that some are taller or shorter which should gove your eyes something else to focus on.   Or keep the lamps on the corners and make archways above the walkways to make it feel like an open air tunnel
The use of "civil engineers" got a laugh out of me.
I love the part with thinking thinking thinking i have thunk like what is thunk XD keep up the brilliant grammar Mumbo!! But i agree it feels very satisfying to say. We should add it to the dictionairy
You could make the "street lights" alternate so one on the left then right, think that would be awesome. Also the schedule is a w
"Grian may have no back" is not a comment I expected to hear haha
Mumbo's forgotten that Grian has the waffle in the back
This is Mumbo's redstoner into builder arc.
Mumbo forgets about Grian's Waffle
The back of grian = Waffel
Mumbo could eventually turn the farm list into an on/off switch for each farm.
The title:  Me: that’s what she said 😏     Cmon someone had to make the joke
Mumbo: Gem is stealing heads again, just try your best to ignore it Me with captions: 😎
I wonder if he's going to leave Minecraft completely. It feels like he's really forcing himself to play at this point. This cannot be healthy.
Hey mumbo, I think it might look good if the pillars on each corner of the base were made out of beefy solid blocks instead of the water pillar
14:28 I thunked you loved Grians Back??
He should add towers to the corners of the bridges to make them feel more bridge like
hey mumbo i am a fellow youtuber and i was wondering if i can come on to hermit craft (it might up my views hopefully) plz
"sounds like a plot to a darr mann video " HA!
loved watching this!
I remember when all the Minecrafters used to build with Blackstone instead of deepslate (because deepslate hasn't been out yet) it was the only thing that Minecraft builders consistently used in their buids
you probly wont see this, but you should get litematica so u can make scamatics of ur builds from survival and then put the scamatic in the server it will give u all the list of materials you need and u can make it where u want it so u dont have to remeber every placement of every block and how much you need.
I would add like little knee-pad sort of things to the water columns, It looks good, but the water is just a bit bland I feel, something in the middle to break it up would be nice!
Base is sus 🤨
Good timelapse length 👍
Thunk v. past tense: to have had a think.
You are a good builder Mumbo 😊
I would watch a Hermitcraft interpretation of a Dharman video
You may want to use some glow lichen for the ground section of the pillars to make the connection with each other seem a bit more mystical. Also I'd make the inner most part of the water pillar sourceblocks for soulsandbubbles, so it seems like it's a water fountain pushing up the bridge.
The “I got a pillar here, I got a pillar there” and so on could be part of the Mumbo vault base rap
if it was grian who put the copper on mumbo's base I think he's going to start another war...... the copper war
Hey mumbo you should make arches on the bridge - kind of like square arches around 5-6 blocks high with froglights as lamps in the arches, prismarine, deepslate etc. It's a suggestion.
Industrial furnac?  Eeeeeeee
"a whole extra bucket of fish" -mumbo jumbo 2023
what about a small tower on each corner? hard to have good ideas without knowing what the centre will look like
Mostly building? Where’s THE REDSTONE. And Grian does redstone now? What’s going on!
Mumbo’s like “why is he oxidizing his copper the inefficient way,” when Mumbo himself doesn’t even put his copper enough blocks away for it to work 😂
Sustainable. You @#*$& genius, for how long are you going to stretch this joke?
mumbo jumbo is learning
u forgot the rings around the water😩
"Is Belgium really a country" as a belgian I can only say... it depends?
17:30 Well that block placement was definitely illegal.
“What does a ceo actually do” had me dying… Mumbo was the best ceo idc what anyone says
Why did Mumbo use brown signs instead of warped ones?!?!
belqium is a real country
as a civil engineer i can confirm i am indeed screaming
Portal farms are geting fixed partly in 1.20!
0:25 SUStainable
12:10 where are the rings? The floaty pillar thingies?
I think it'd look better if the pillars matched the terrain at the bottom instead of being level all around. The thing about pillars is they're supposed to raise and level something, so it would be more visually interesting for them to be varied heights. Also, it would solve a bunch of his problems if the pillars were black. They would stand out more, make the build darker, and actually match the other build.
a kelp farm ? for the furnace
Does mumbo sound more crisp today? Or just me?
Mubo is truly the most relatable Hermit of them all, just like us other mortals
This episode was a delight. I love your humour 😆
The pillars are todo short for my taste :(
I'm surprised nobody is talking about how cool your irl house looks tbh
Xylophone background music has grown on me
He have thunk
what if you did the lamps at different heights?
I like the way you say burglary
Thoughts on putting a cover or roof to your walkways? should divy up the height issue.
the mic seems like it has lower bass than usual, or just very high highs...
8:43 Why did I think he is gonna sign one two buckle my shoe
Mumbo, Scar and grian are one of the only people that make sponsore parts in the video actually interesting
That's what she said
14:22 The waffle's a lie. The waffle's a lie. The waffle's a lie. The waffle's a lie. The waffle's a lie.
Cactus Farm?
I think that whatever length of timelapse you choose is based on what you have to talk about during it. If theres lots of stuff you want to say, then make it longer and vice versa.
you need light tower roofs on the corners, spire roofs with hanging lights
Industrial furnac eeeeeee
Remember this to get a frog light you need to get a frog to eat a magma cube but it has to be its smallest size magma cube or ur can’t eat it
Huh
And better!
Yes Belgium is a real country .
we love any length timelaps mumbo
Should have waxed the copper as well, ohw and also put just a lever behind the lamps and the signs underneath them
😂😂😂😂 I'm dead! Absolutely dead. The last third of this episode was such a downhill spiral into insanity, thank you Mumbo for an awesome episode
I think if timelapess have music they should be shorter( like the one U made), but if you are talking over it they can be substantially bigger
Good episode I rate it a, statue of liberty/10.
Sus base layaut
4:38 Yes, Belgium is a real country, and yes we exist
Only mumbo can go most of the season without actually making many farms; and still be entertaining
Impulse training PVP for MCC :D
the water pillars appearing in the time lapse was really cool!
That's what she said
You should make a wood farm.
That's what she said
Only on hermitcraft can mumbo make something funny using signs
Nonono no No NO!  Make the water-pillars go down to the existing terrain, DON'T build the terrain up to the pillars!!  It will look Sooo much better that way!   Ask Bdubs or Scar for advice about it.  Other than that, looks great, keep up the good work!
Where’s the rings in the center of the pillars lol
Mumbo you should surround the bridge with a giant lake, as if the bridge is being powered by the water and is pushing it up
I still can't believe that you use your thumb to crouch.
Mumbo, a human calculator
Thunk is very chobblesome... Shakespeare made up words all the time
Mumbo: Im not sure i have ever seen the back of Grian! Also Mumbo: "Im sorry Grian.... I love your back"
I'm actually not sure if I like the water pillars anymore. Don't get me wrong it's genius but the top and bottom sections have some cool detail and depth the pillar misses out on
Where the fuck is grian, mumbo gone for a fucking year and now hes back and WHERE THE FUCK OS GRIAN
I think that the lamps on the bridge would look nice if you had slightly more of them (somewhere between the original amount and the amount you have now) but put them at alternating hights (maybe one that’s 4 blocks tall and then one that’s 5 blocks tall and then another one that’s 4 blocks tall)
Cant wait to see Mumbo's lag Machines
You could build little arches by the street lamps on the bridge
Seeing mumbo get out-redstoned is hilarious 😂
Mumbo you should make a shop but instead of putting blocks or materials in chests for diamonds you should put diamonds in the chest and people will just give a stack of blocks for the diamond it's like reverse shopping in a way...
I hope you make a giant monopoly game with the diamonds!
why is mumbo's voice weird?
We love you mumbo
I love how sustainable Mumbo's base is
jenny?
I remember from the beginning of Hermitcraft this season it was said to reduce lags by making one villager traiding post... And now Mumbo is building not a bunch of useful farms to make game easier. He just wants to do meyhem and build a lag farm! HOW MANY FARMS IN ONE PLACE DO YOU WANT?!
Another episode of mumbo missing out TGC Action
14:35  uhh what about his waffle!?
Mumbo next season please make a sculk based mega base. Like everything is taking advantage of different skulk mechanics. Doors everywhere for added security.
As a "B*lgian" person, I can confirm Belgium is not real.
My reactions throughout this episode;  1) (It's morphing time...) someone watched the new mmpr thing? 2) Mumbo, you forgot the middle... **10 seconds later:** nvm. 3) Yeah, doing half sounds pretty good... **10seconds later;** Wait... are me & mumbo thinking the same thing? 4) Maybe a gazebo type overhead might help?  5) It is a very satisfying word to say. Mumbo is a genius! 6) I would continue but be wary of the possibility of having a clone.. or being a clone... either/or. 7)It also hurt me. 8) Wait is this season going to last that long? 9) Hmmm... Does a quarry count? Pretty sure building one as the first project would provide space and resources for the rest.  10)I would really look at your block pallete and see if you couldn't add some of that to the board ^_-  Idk if this was entertaining or useful to anyone but .... now you know my reaction.
Can confirm, the civil engineers are still screaming
Would be Nice if everybody on the server makes an ermitecraft museum
Yo Mumbo, random idea I got for the base of the base. you could do a blue fog type floor making it look like the pillars of water are coming from it. Its very expensive to do but i feel like it could be cool (id put a border of black stone on it but your build your choice)
have you been helping markiplier with his move? no reply means yes
personally i prefer a slightly shorter timelapse otherwise i get bored
personally i don't think the length of the timelaps matters
You could put dispensers in the water pillars to be able to toggle then, you can toggles every other one every ten seconds or so to give the impression of gysers
Put on a helmet!!!!
mumbo  go to iluninate its in the shopping district he has a shop which deals with lamps and he needs the busness
''When I thought I was lost I was actually found, and now that I'm here I'm lost.'' -Mumbo Jumbo.
As a Belgian, I can confirm that we are not actually a country
I think some kind of arch between the top of the lamps could really improve the design
No tardis 2.0
POV: mumbo building a lag machine in his megabase
How do u feel about evanmcgaming starting on a hermitcraft documentary?
AMONG US
i can say belgium is a real country (im from there XD)
I think if you wish to actually fit all of these farms in the base, you should also put some farms below your outline. Also, as you build farms, you should encase them in a giant tower. That will help with your “substance” problem.
5:41 is that a mic change I hear? 🤔
Mumbo: belgium is a real country.🇧🇪
Actually mumbo the corners are probably the most important places to have lamps. Place less lamps in the middle of the bridges.
IT'S BADDER!! IT'S TOO MUCH FOR MISTER INCREDIBLE!!!!
Has anyone noticed that the title of this video is a huge “That’s what she said” Joke 😂
"Pillar here, pillar there" - I can almost hear the elybeatmaker remix already ....
SUStainsble, yes...
Thanks a shot every time Mumbo says Pillar 😂
Maybe you could make the corners a little bit wider than the rest of the wall?
PRAISE GOD FOR THE SCHEDULE
For the lamp posts, you could alternate them (like real life ones). You could also alternate their heights, making them look like waves, giving dynamic to the base and making it look more lively.
RCE if he sees that monster. 👹👹👹👹👎👎👎👹👹👹👎👎👎🤬🤬🤬😠😠😠😡😡😈😈👿👿👹👹😾😾😾😡😡😫😫😟😡😡😱😱😱😱🖕🖕🖕🖕👎👎👎👎
we're at 9 now? been a while since i've been here. damn
If I had a nickel for everytime I heard Mumbo say, "He likes to smell his dog's farts". I would have two nickel, which is weird that It happened twice
I think it might be a cool idea if you could invite some of the builder hermits over and ask what they think.
This anyone else's first time seeing mumbo's face and then realized he doesn't have a mustache
Skulk farm
little pergolas on top of some of the  lamps
I think you should change your title 😳
I have played Minecraft over 10 years and like you, am still terrible at it.
This time-lapse length was on point
Those pillars would look so much "cooler" in lava!
“Because otherwise that’s a whole extra kettle of fish 15:44
For the lamps, if you're evenually going to put a building in the middle of the plattform, then most of the lamps will be covered by it, which should get rid of the clutter
I like thunked.  I like saying goodera, bettera, besterest,  as well.
An extra kettle of fish??????
AMAZING PROGRESS ON THE BASE!!!
ask xisuma about the best spacing for oxidising copper because its affected by distance, not block  contact
It's actually a statue of lib            erty
Xisuma sells copper
For the lighting, I would recommend only 1-2 posts per module in no particular position with some modules just being lanterns on the railing itself. You could also try intentionally breaking sections of the railing to break up the patterns.
Build a cactus farm so that you can recreate Bumbo Cactoni! And also revive the ‘Cactus, String,Sand’ song
Farm idea: lava
That's what she sa-
Golden carrots from villagers 3 for 3 emeralds is probably easier than making them
Are you going to be in the next life smp?
my favourite part was when mumbo said its buildin time and then he build his base
Friebdly reminder that if you enjoy insane technical builds and original farms please check put Docm77
Isn't burgling your OWN head and Putting it on a Big brain move?
i thought you already uploaded this, did you delete the last one and upload this one? or did i see into the future
Very nice
The bridge connecting two the sections of your base should be wider i think
WE WANT TOKYO DRIFT
i like short timelapses so you dont get bored
good timelapse length
I love when Mumbo said “it’s Hermitcraft time” and then Hermitcrafted all over the place.
Only Mumbo can say: “I occasionally like the smell of my dogs farts.” And not get arrested.
I’m angered that he didn’t do the middle bits of the pillars >:(
new mic? Sounds very professional.
I'm still Not really Sure about the water fountains. It Just doesnt really fit in with the Rest because it's Not as detailed and a completely different color. Still a really cool build ngl
14:27 Mumbo how dare you disrespect the waffle
"Is Belgium actually a real country ?"  As a Belgian myself, i can assure you that Belgium doesn't exist outside of your imagination. Don't trust everything the internet tells you.
Hey Mumbo, You keep mentioning in the videos you dont want to repeat patterns. I found something on the internet that may float your boat, called Penrose Tiling. Not sure how itll work in minecraft but it promises when you tile them the pattern it makes never repeats eventhough it is the same tile.
mumbo you do realise that you can get golden carrots from villagers and do not need a gold farm?
You could put arches on the bridge, that you can walk through. I think that would look good?
GeminiSLAY is at it again
LOL gem and impulse doing PvP in the chat - i watched gem's stream of this and the images of that popped up in my head as i saw the death messages in chat xD
Cactus farm oh Mumby One
Who else thought that after he said „when in doubt” he was gonna say „flat out”, especially since hes a car enthusiast
We need @realcivilengineer to go a bridge review….
How about you make one xp farm?
Sus-tainable
15:51 that just completely caught me off guard. I almost chocked on my Weetabix...
dumb
You forgot the band around the water towers...
Mumbo was drinking a lot of Silly Sauce™️ this video and honestly I'm very here for it
As a Belgian, I can confirm that Belgium IS a real country, but if you want an answer as to HOW Belgium is a real country, you'll be going down an Esher painting rabbit hole that'll make your head spin.
A melon and pumpkin farm is so useless isn't it?
It's obviously not a statue of liberty. You said so yourself. It's a statue of lib. erty.
i am surprised no one has considered that the coolest collectible thing might be a trap
I think this episode should have the nickname "Caterpillar" just for having so much "pillar" in it
his bases are always sus man why is therea little green amogus in the middle
you could just make the sign say lady liberty
10:23  This mumbo is broken. Hes enjoying building
The midle water block in the colum can be a sourceblock. That way you can have the bubbles
"I have thunk" is actually a correct English sentence if you say "funk" instead, thereby claiming you possess funk.
Mumbo seems to be in desperate need for the cleaning lady services
Get RCE on here to do a bridge review
No corner
mom wake up mumbo uploaded
I want mumbos house
Add shade/terrace for more height
I would suggest placing the groups of lanterns in a varying height pattern
*Cry in Belgian*
when i saw the statue first i thought it was a carrot
Sustainable😂😂😂😭
I would say that, for what I estimate to be the attention span of your intended audience, you'll be fine with 20-30 second timelapses. We like hearing you talk while watching you build! :D
Wait what DOES a ceo do?
One of the techers at my school said vpns are illgle and you can get sued for using them to change chounrry
Why does mumbo keep calling his base sustainable? Isn’t that quite a weird term for a build
Your base is sus
Mumbo I will always respect you for 3:38. Had two non full stacks of fireworks and put them into one stack. Love scar to bits but he wouldve had two stacks for the rest of the episode and my ocd would scream.
If you want more height variation, you could always make a little covered alcove of each walkway intersection with a height that matches your other build's walls?
new mic? great vid!
That's what she said
Great start of schedule😂
Mumbo thunk about something Isn't that way too Chobblesome🎉
I think go with some small watch towers on the corners and change the street light lamps from a consistent height to 2 different heights throughout
Considering how long these episodes take, the secret project might be closer than you think 🤔
When I heard audible I thought it was an audible ad 😂
Pillars everywhere
Why is the among us still in the middle
When mumbo rambles for content
14:20 This is the best description of grian i have ever heard.
14:23 That's just facts
I highly agree, Forrest Gump is one of the best movies 😁
Great video Mumbo
I think I'm losing my marbles   - mumbo 2023
20:51 ‘but most importantly’ I really thought you were going to say some like ‘we started in the pillars’😂
Awesome Episode! Love how the base is coming together! Can't wait to see you put some farms in! You could use your water support pillars, as item transportation for your farms :P
"You know, he himself might have no back, behind his frontage theres an astral cloud of weird phrases and words. The colliding field of things colliding with another, Two particles collide and you never know, you might end up with a dolphin highway or an entire civil war." Mumbo 2023, talking about Grians back.
i always forget what you look like, (handsome) and i especially forget that you’re blonde. it explains a lot (affectionate) and it’s 100% because your minecraft skin does not represent you in any way, and in fact gives the wrong impression of what you look like to people, because your voice definitely gives the vibe of someone who looks more like your skin lol
I genuinely thought it would look great with the pillars of different heights
Man, on videos like this one. I really miss the old opening theme with the profile photo.
Statue of liberty on grians base, what an accomplishment. I hope its a staple of your shenanigans, in future hermitcraft
i have... thunk... that this video is amazing!
Best time lapse
here is a idea build a secret base in your base to store you diamonds and replace the ones in the vault with dirt with a diamond map texture
What you could try is to raise those posts on the corners and maybe put a small roof on it. 12:02
6:55 with this length of a vieo and if they're shorter then as well, that length timelapse is great!, In longer videos like 1hr+ then probably it should be longer!
2:47: THE PILLAR REMIX EXPANDS
Mumbo, you're doing good with the time-lapse.
I hear that often
wide sus
"but most importantly...... we have installed a tiny statue of liberty on the top of grian's base" hahaha that got me
if redstone causes lags by light updates, wouldnt lighting up your farm help to reduce lag?
Jesus loves you bro :)
Yea i love your content and am so happy That you're back
Frog light farm !!??!! 😂❤
Ely beat maker could now make a remix of sugarcane pillar
Is it just me or does Mumbo sound slightly different in this video, like the mic?
was I the only one waiting for the sugarcane when he talked about the pillars, or the “Please no one remix that”
Mumbo if you put copper in the nether it oxidises faster
2:42 cant wait for the remix of this
It would be nice to see how different sized pillars would look on the build, following the height of the terrain.
0:26 i am sorry but that is an amongus
As a Belgian, can confirm, we exist
The base is looking very sustainable
I rather have a long time lapse more than a jump cut
IM SO READY FOR THE INDUSTRIAL DISTRICT
May i make a suggestion on the lamps? Maybe if you moved the 2 center lamps up or down a block it wouldnt look so uniform or too much? Im not a builder but i feel the lamps are still too clustered
the shreeker in the front of his base is driving me nuts
it would be cool if you put sea lanterns in the middle of the water beams to make it glow
I am loving the episodes where Gem is giving people pvp lessons in the background and the chat is just full of death messages. First beef's and then yours too lol
statue of *liberty* on the *not a resistance* rock
If everyone treated their mega base like a shop it would all be done very quickly
You forgot a trapdoor!!!!
3:18 you mean to say that none of Grians stuff has ‘glitched’ into your inventory yet.
qurdian and copper farm
thats what she said.
Ok, who hacked into the hermitcraft server, to help mumbo’s susability
next season build ur base from the back
I can confirm that Belgium is a real country. Weird but real
is it me or its to square
0:27 amogus
That statue of liberty looks more like sponge bob's pet snail.
I think you should maybe try using lava instead of the water for the pillars, would give it more contrast and a more evil grim look that u were going for
It's BIGGER, it's BETTER! It's TOO MUCH FOR MR. INCREDIBLE!
A few things for the base.  1. For the corners, add little shelters by putting little roofs or rotunder. 2. Having one type of frog lights makes the built too repetitive so having red or yellow frog lights makes it stand out more. 3. It is too blue and black so mixing with other colours could make it look better. 4. If you would want to, you can make the surrounding forest different by stylising or creating little hamlets and rivers from the water towers.
Too much copper, my friend.
What is Mumbo using to get his crosshair to change to a contrasting color to whatever color is behind it?
I liked that timelapse length. I wouldn’t mind a bit longer, but it was great!
3:18 is the reason why i missed him so much
6:40 it doesn't matter what the length of the time-lapse is as long as you got nice motion blur.
I don't know why in the previous episode I never noticed that the green concrete frame in the middle turned into an among us...
Great video, it’s awesome to see you getting excited about builds again. That’s an awesome gold farm idea.
betting the collectable item thing was grain for his rare item collection
It would be nice if you could make the base less blue and black and mix it with other colours like red or yellow.
Hey, Mumbo! I feel that there's a warped wood farm in the server, but I forgot who got one.
I'm not entirely sure what the layout is going to be but perhaps under the base there could be a functioning village with the current design for the buildings
I thought the sponsorship was going to be audible
Mumbo since joining hermitcraft "I must incorporate stone bricks into all of my bases"
mombo put blue lanterns in the corners so it breaks up the lights
since when was mumbo a building youtuber
You should build towers on the corners
3:22 The grian part, isn't it usually the other way round?
Mumbo has taught me more about building than any tutorial becuase he's learning as well :)
What is bigger? 😈
I liked what happened at 19:49 lol 😂
I just now figured out that you’re named after a teen tightens villain
Instead of lamps, close the bridge(like build arches for the roof and walls or some other way..),  It will fit the vault theme better (more secure etc) and will give you more options to "break" the level And will feel more substantial
"I have way more stuff than I thought I had, and I haven't even started going through Grian's Stuff"  How the tables have turned, from Grian stealing from Mumbo constantly to now Mumbo stealing from Grian constantly
No slime farm to replace the one at docs base? 😉😄
Use a moss farm that uses cobblestone generator and then converts the extra to bone mean.
what if you put floating dark trees on the side of some of the lamps? do you think it would look better?  esit:plus it would look good when you're walking around
How can you have never seen Grian's back while also making multiple comments on his waffle? And also let's not forget "I love your back, Grian" from Last Life.
i don't know why, but at the start of this episode i got really nostalgic for ProleteR
So glad you're enjoying building again. The lamp posts look awesome! A bit of advice about the timelapse: be confident. Your time lapse will be the right time if it accomplishes what you want from it. I think you wanted to show how a large build is built, but not show every single step you took to make it possible, so go with that. Show bits and highlights, or keep the whole video, and speed it up to achieve the length of video you plan to dedicate to it. If you rewatch it and feel it accomplishes what you wanted, then it IS the right length, no matter if some people say it is too long or too fast since you can never satisfy everyone at the same time. Cheers!
I mean Impulse is a genius so it makes sense he would get inspiration
Belgium is a real country (:
Wool farm, concrete farm, and sugar cane farm.
6:29 There probably isn't a perfect time-lapse length, so keep doing what you're doing!
Mumbo 2023: "thinking, thinking, I have thunk" 13:05
IRL house tour PLEASE 😍😍😍
Is it me or does mumbo farm base look like an upside down processor with cooling rack on it?😕
Is it just me or does mumbo have the worlds most calming voice
19:17 like a “commercial district”
Insustrial district
“I have way more of everything than I thought I did! And I haven’t even started going through Grians stuff yet”
I love how Mumbo is either acting or just IS completely oblivious to the "sus" jokes. Either he's doing a little trolling or he's completely pure.
he really don't know what sus means😂
4:36 British man casually drops the most American question ever.
that's what they all say
Love the walkway design. Don't forget the wool, kelp, and vine farms.
watching you build your base gave me a huge wave of inspiration for something id wanna build c:
Mumbo copper in American English instead of the British
Ngl it’s just too much blue, looks cool but very Minecrafty. But hey to each their own keep grinding
Hello Mumbo, hope you are doing well. I have a suggestion for the corners. Maby you can put like watch towers on the corners?
I think making the street lights different heights would help break the consistency, also i think u can make diff shapes of street lights at corners.
You could do a mixture of soulstone  lamps and the light post you made to add more leveling to the build while keeping the lights
I can imagine the other hermits are gonna make a plan to nuke your base when you make the overworld gold farm 😂
Who made that shop?
I was thinking a paper named nothing, or, maybe "pants?"
"Is this a good length? 6:53
"lib......erty" took me OUT
What if you make the bottom end of every pillar a bit pointy, and then light a beacon on the ground to the middle of the pointy bottom of your pillar.
... ITS BADDER! Ladies and Gentleman, it's Mr. Incredible!
Love the sound of your microphone! What kind is it?
Mumbo you ARE a builder now.  You have been for a bit. (Also thunk is a real word, the language snobs just don't like it.)
I'm excited to see how mumbo will involve the theme of this build into the farms
please do a moss bonemeal farm and use it for the other farms (melon,pumpkin,bambo,...)
Pvn
This is really Mumbo Jumbo talking a bunch of Mumbo Jumbo the whole episode and I absolutely love it! 😆   Stealing a photo realistic copy of your head IS stealing, I agree 😆
You should campfire under the water pillars to show there pressure
15:51  extra kettle of fish  I love it will use as well as  A bag of beans
Mumbo should do a survival, modded, hardcore series!!!
You do realize that the communitiy knows your every move, and you can do nothing in secret, Right? You see, after Grian did the secret visit to the shambles, we thought it was best to keep track of all the Hermits, so I hired a $200000 assassin to watch all of you Hermits 24/7. Also: How dare you insult the Waffle of Grian?!
Nobody:  Mumbo: LAMPS
great progress so far Mumbo, columns look splendid
There are so many clips of “Mumbo out of context” that could be taken from this video
My man is literally building a support for his bridge and it ain't even touching the ground. Just like supported by water and air😂😂
amogus
Sus among us
going on a flight and never returning is somehow something mumbo would actualy do just for a movie
"And i haven't even started going though Grian's stuff yet!"  Oh mumbo, never change
For your lamps, I think it look cool if you did different heights instead of just a constant height like even saying the height is constant in your builds
Mumbo your house is amazing. I’ve literally had a similar house in my head for a long time. Hella cool to see it in real life 😊
Thunk actually is a word, just not as the past tense of think. It describes the resulting sound of one object hitting another.
Can't wait to see your secret build!
What if you use lava on the pillars instead of water you are going for that evil look???
As a civil engineer I am indeed screaming, it’s 1am in my dorm room, my roommate is awake and people are concerned
as a civil engineer, I am screaming.
Favorite timelapse for me, was Ren’s tree farm timelapse this season.  I was high production value, lots of editing, and a good song.
With the amount of diamonds Mumbo has, he could collapse the entire economy😅
Funny thing is that in that Shulker box it has a head but ALSO it has a lantern and he had soul sand in his inventory 1 15:28
I know Mumbo can’t control it but I wish there was more interaction in his videos
not 100% about this but maybe be careful because I think ive heard Nether Portal based farms wont work the same in 1.20 so maybe hold on that gold farm with nether portals or do some research maybe
So cool!
And then probably sugar cane, yes. (18:43) And then a pillar farm. And another sugar cane farm. And then a bri
7:45 you heard it guys. Loads of cool shapes and loads of good details make a good build. 😊
Lol. Mumbo goes to iBuy and gets a taste of what Sierra was like.
14:25-Mumbo forgetting that in 3rd Life/Last Life he told Grian that he loved his back while they were burying the sugarcane farm in dirt.
Hey mumbo you need to talk to xixuma about copper! He has a huge copper field!!
I guess you could say the base is getting bigger, the base is getting bigger
The Grumbot thing was so funny, they should have it generate more content
That's what she said
I'm so excited to see this Industrial Furnackieeeeee in his base!
If his shovel had silk touch he could have used it to get the Glowstone intact.
Every time I see Mumbo's actual face, I get thrown for a loop, because not only does Mumbo's player model have zero resemblance to his actual face, he seems to use his face cam in videos with no rhyme or reason. One video: face cam, next three videos: no face cam, then he has a face cam for the two videos that come after that.   Mumbo still finds a way to keep his viewers on their toes even if it's a mundane event.
Make a podcast your voice is soothing
Mumbo didnt someone make a copper farm to oxidize it?
12:51 among us
Is anyone else noticing his mic is more compressed then normal? but still a good video
Civil engineer?
This episode feels like Mumbo is really back. Welcome back sir, we missed you!
19:49 "Furnack eeeeee" killed me lmaoooo 🤣🤣
11:41 you should add a tower in the corners to break the uniformity of the build
The green wool at the back, don’t say it, don’t think it
I find it funny how you just see that gems beheading people all the time 😂
did anyone notice Bandicam on mumbo's desktop?
what if you make the height of the lamp post different ? like higher in the corner or some other variation ?
I am begging someone to remix "I've got a pillar there, I've got a pillar there, a pillar here, and a pillar there" as a song. Where's Ely got to...? ;P
You put way to much thought to to small details don’t beat yourself up over the small parts
This base is super sus...tainable🙂
In-sus-trial District
Mumbo did too much terrain and natural builds last season that he had to build a big box this season lol
“And I haven’t even started going through grians stuff yet”
Did anyone else hear the screech at 10:31???
Might wanna speed up that timelapse a bit
I thought the statue was a chia pet 😂💕
you can make sparkles in the water pillar so it looks like it is helping to lift the base
Instead of crafting copper blocks into cut copper, you can use a stonecutter.  It will quadruple the cut copper blocks you get
The richest hermit shouldn’t be eating lowly golden carrots, should definitely be eating golden apples.
Water logging the stairs on the walkway will tie things together. Also adding beacon beams through the corner water pillars would not only be practice but could look really good.
Looks at base and says that lol 0:26
Black banners on the lamp posts for additional decoration?
Green sus
Does his mic sound different to anyone else?
thats what she said
Maybe only have the lamps at the corners? And, if you need something in the middles, put lamps at half height in the middles only.
build looks waaaay too busy
Thunk is a real word, Mumbo
Base looks SUStainable
amogus haha funi
Idk what he decided by the end of the video but I think he should keep the corner lanterns and only keep the 4 in the middle of the wall
This episode I really noticed your new microphone! It sounds great! (Really liked the episode by the way)
RAID FARM RAID FARM RAD FRAM
Hey mumbo, you should send a message to iskallMAN and give him a tour, I'm sure his wisdom will be useful!
I half expected scar to come along and shout “hot guy” when mumbo said that if he died, then he would be upset.
When the hermitcrafter is sustainable
I’m really glad you were able to take the break that you did, but it is so good to have you back and I love every episode you post.
"Might come up with a dolphin highway might come up with a civil war"😂
Someone tell Impulse Mumbo is impressed with his redstone!!!!! IT'S OFFICIAL
I like this length of Timelapse
Please add some warm colors to your base, I think it would break it up and look nice
As a civil engineer I see no problem.
I love how with building he keeps saying hes new and not very good but then his build in a week is better that what I could do In a month
It might look nice to have the bridge lights in the middle of each side be 1 block lower just to make it a bit more wavy.
Grian stole your mustachio
The title of this video 😏
Ngl past few episodes felt like mumbo's been playing single-player There's zero interaction with any other hermit no collab no nothing. The reason me and many other watch hermitcraft is to see the hermits interact with each other collab and stuff. Honestly if had to watch a single-player let's there are much more entertaining ones out there.
Civil engineers are still screaming 😂😂
one letter off and you're cancelled
The back of Grian is a waffle... everyone knows that
is it just me or is the mic quality/sound different or volume? or am I out of my mind?
RCE losing sleep because of mumbos walk way and the use of water as a structural support
Remix the pillar talk at 2:38
Lamp Suggestion: What about only having lamps on the outer wall? Leaving the inner wall either barren or with smaller details.
Since Grian kinda never has a back to his base, he should somehow make the back side of his skin invisible
I think the lamps would look even better if the ones toward the center were a block taller. Create a slight arch so there's more height differentiation
You could play a drinking game with how many times mumbo says pillar
But how many caterpillars?🐛
In order to build Bridge from Redstone master,  Its better to use string , and every time you pass the string, the platform goes up.... And goes down when you overpass over it. Like a self building bridge, but also hides the platform after you pass.
Mumbo, just building the middle/inside of the build and making it taller will help with your problem of it being one height.
If you want a gold farm, go ahead, but farmer villagers provide golden carrots as a final trade for fairly cheap without zombificating.
*pillar* doesnt sound like a word anymore
"Here's a pillar, there's a pillar, and another little pillar, funny pillar, fuzzy pillar, pillar, pillar, duck!"
How have you forgotten the waffle on the back of grians head-
Sticking with your wave idea, being the lights up in the corners and down in the middle or vice versa. That should still provide the desired effect of height, but break up the skyline a bit
Where is your mustache 4:30
Impulse was playing Elden Ring for a minute there
6:44 no one’s Timelapse’s can be longer than pixlriffs’ timelapses
There’s an among us in your base
I do like the color scheme you have going, but I think it's too busy. you have too many textures per section. the water columns look fantastic and part of that is they break up the busy look with a consistent texture. I'd recommend using flatter textures for your dark blocks, to smooth it out a bit.
YAY MUMBO POSTED ON MY BIRTHDAY
Should of went with 12 bamboo!
That layout of his (IRL) Home brings Clubhouse vibes to me
mumbo teaching himself how to build and learning how to break down builds in artistic ways is so cool. like shape, depth, colors, ect. ya know. so proud lol. keep going mumbo we love it
Am I the only one that enjoys Mumbo's ad breaks or sponsors.
I *need* to see Grian do a reaction video to this. His little builder is growing up.
Mumbo was just never going to say how many diamonds he had, but since returning to the server there has been a change of plans
Substantial is the new sustainable.
am i crazy or have we seen that ad before
I cannot stop hearing Wheatley from portal 2 in mumbos voice like mumbos voice is slightly softer and lighter but they sound very similar
Idea for Mumbo: Adding roofs on the corners and general intersections, looking sort of like a Pavilion with the main intersection, possibly having a multilevel idea, like a tower that connects into the farming section.
um..! Fun fact, any tool is a glowstone tool! Use your silk touch shovel to mine it and you would get 0 difference than using a silk pick
mumbo! the middle bits on the water!
Add a back door from your base to the bridge since it looks weird having a bridge coming out of a wall.  P.S. Make it a Fancy Redstone Door for extra shnaz
Mumbo… That’s a carrot. Not the Statue of Liberty
Whos store is that?
As I always say, simplicity is key.
You know what  could be really neat? Since your lamp farm design is tileable, you could double it up and turn it into the control hub for all of your farms, hooking each farm up to the switch for your checklist
Why is Mumbo's builds so sus?
Honestly, one of the best Hermitcraft episodes I’ve seen from ANY hermit in a while! Very fun to watch!
For the frog lamps I would alternate sides of the bride that there on if that makes sense?
Mumbo would be really humbled with his amount of diamonds if he visited doc’s redstone builds
The way your dog shifted slightly like he was weirded out by you searching you like the dogs farts. Lol (4:40)
it's good to see you back, great love to you
I like how mumbo cares if his check list i looks good
Mumbo you say your not a builder but you say very buildery things and make good builds in my opinion, love your style
That’s what she said 😎
I’m pretty sure you are stealing scars stuff, not grians
That's what she said
When you show your face for an add on minecraft videos please put on a fake mustache
Hey Mumbo, I'm glad you are still making videos and able to push back feelings of being out of the loop. I know it must be weird being back after many months.   Also, I really enjoyed the camera sweep during the timelaps
A control room where you can turn farms on and off as required would be nice. Since it might be laggy to run a whole bunch of farms at once . And you might not want some farms running if you already have enough of what they produce.
its starting to look more susbtantial 7:05
most of the time i dont know what mumbo is talking about but i''ll just agree
so i started up don't starve while watching this video, and the menu music kicked in as mumbo was talking about decapitated heads in the nether.. Perfect timing
You have been out for a while huh
I feel like mumbo should dig a perimeter inside of the bridge to have more farm space
Any new mumbo watchers probably have no idea what "sustainable" means
Cheesecake
mumbo, i think it woule look better if you only put pamps on the outside wall instead of both
please do a series on the create mod + chipped mod fabric with Grian. That series would be insane do some research on the Chipped mod for Grian.
The lamp section is my favorite part of the hardware stores
Mumbo, I think the lamposts being on only corners and intersections, and maybe in the very middle of straight lines would keep it looking consistent but not busy, and keep that lack of uniformity.
These videos had gotten me though way too many bad times you’re one of the only YouTubers that don’t scream every 2 seconds
Did Mumbo seriously forgot about the waffle on the back of Grain's head?
"Does Grian even have a back?" The waffle: am I a joke to you?
Hey if your still not sure about the lamps try maybe putting them only on the corners and the middle. Like at the moment you have 234 but you could try 135.   (Does that make sense?)
Hermitcraft: how much lag can you possibly need to make Mumbo: yes
I enjoyed the length of that time-lapse. 10/10 would watch that length of time-lapse again~
Mumbo: Grian himself might have no back! Me being a Grian follower as well: WAFFLE
Belgium is indeed a country, and in Brussels the capital of Belgium, has the headquarters of the European Union, of course you being British you wouldn’t know what the e.u. is.
Season 9 has the perpetual "Late season about to end" vibes. I will remember it always though, as Nine is the season the Hermits lost TFC.  RIP TFC! I miss you buddy.
Hmm, let's see. Iskall announced he is coming back to hermit craft, mumbo said he is working on a secret project... iskall + mumbo = sahara?
Why is it that every time Mumbo does good at building, he makes it look sustainable? Or maybe it needs to be sustainable in order to look good? In any case, who knew that water could look sustainable.
mumbo when are you going to do the 2 week grian vault invasion thing its fine if you dont want to do it anymore
The copper pillar was to see the sus thing about your base. It was a giant among us, outlined in the green, with the white as the visor
What if you had variance in lamp height in maybe a wave pattern. that would help it feel less flat and repetitive.
"Thinking, thinking, THINKING! ... I have thunk" cracked me up :D  An then Mumbo's mental mumbling as he was losing his marbles in the nether sent me rolling on the floor laughing 😂
My favourite Timelapse is a short Timelapse that talks about the length of the Timelapse.
thats bad
Mumbo's timeline bit just gave me huge Wheatly vibes
To add a little break from the lamps, you could add towers to the corners. But it looks great the way you have it
0:36–0:45  Oh Mumbo. As a civil engineering student, you have no idea how much I’ve screamed at your foundationless base.
Watching mumbo gradually transition from a redstone youtuber to a building youtuber and denying it constantly is incredibly funny to me
14:20 ‘MURICA!!! ‘MURICA!!!!!
I've always enjoyed time lapse's. I enjoy that yours are usually some rambling thought the was bouncing around in your head or some delightful tangent. I am glad I get to view the content you create. <3
Tree farm
That’s what she said
Mumbo, I think the lamp post pattern should alternate between lamps and no lamps, wether you have lamps on the corners or not. Also, with all the talk about pillars in the episode, I expected a cameo from our good friend sugarcane...   (btw, could the sentence "would you burgle your own head?" be considered a euphemism? British can be just as weird as American sometimes, especially for anyone who has English as a second language... or it might be because I'm typing this at 3:45 AM...)
heh... that's what she said.
Mumbo is slowly becoming American. First he elects Joe Biden to be in Hermitcraft, and now he’s building the statue of liberty
G has a back, 😂 he won't have the waffle also got flash backs of mumbo saying in one life sry g I love ur back😂
Mumbo went on his whole secret project without building the support beams. *Those civil engineers were screaming for a long time*
That's what she said
Mumbo, do be careful with this new schedule. I just don’t want to see you burn out again. 😢
Wrong microphone
Weird you say your the richest but have no netherite??? Not even one scrap??
"im not sure ive ever even seen grians back" last life begs to differ.
Great episode Grian. I loved the building, and really think you should have your chess monster sorted out.
You should really look back into the create mod, especially with all the extra addons now.
thunk is actually a word! you’re just technically using it wrong
What recorder are you using?
Mumbo needs to give the 12 bamboo for the rare items thing!
It is actually possible to make a Overworld Gold Farm using pigs and lightning rods.
I love how the ad is literally the same one from last season :)
Given that he's going through so much bronze Mumbo should probably start with a Drowned-based bronze-farm.
Mumbo is the only guy that builds farms based off of their practicality
15:51 "That's just a whole extra kettle of fish." -Mumbo Jumbo 2023
Having a lapse on how much time you timelapses should take?
You could take inspiration from Docm77 and use the iron golems as bait for the mob farm. You could use the same kill chamber to save space
This is the best day ever a Mumbo, Zedaph, 2 Iskalls, and a keralis videos all on one day! As always your content just makes my day. I love your style!
AMONGOOSE
18:07 fart? xD
2:40 Mumbo's generating his raps again.
7:01 LOOKS SUS
Mumbo’s vault looks like an ancient under water fortress but now it above ground!
With the lamps, maybe have them without the set in the very middle of each walkway?? Only the ones next to the corners?? I dunno, I personally think the lamps are still just a bit too busy lol Either way, it’s your base so, of course, it’s your choice XD
At first, before you said anything (or before my brain processed it) I actually thunk your statue of lib.. erty was the Simba painting Rafiki painted in his tree.
YouTube is advertising “trans women” drag queens right before your video. Do you feel like that is child friendly???
“What Does A CEO Do?” Make a potato head that gives ideas while in a moveable chair that bounces back and forth for meetings
What about a moss/bonemeal farm?
I have to take a moment out of watching the video to simply call attention to “Industrial furnac??”  “eeeeeeeee”. Still giggling
MUMBO. I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! I'm just sitting here eating ma ben and jerries and laughing my bum off at your vids. So glad your back, and I hope you had a good break.
could you not just use turtle eggs to force what you need to farm into a hole surrounded by nether portals and use them pushing eachother to force them into the overworld where you can kill/farm them for gold?
Ngl first time seeing Mumbo’s face. Thought he was black
sus base.
@20:00 Let me phrase what I have been screaming half way through this segment: CACTUS!!!
I comment to help statistics
Sounds like the plot to a Dhar Mann video 😂💀
@4:26 jumpscared by Mumbo's lack of mustache  also dude you have a really nice place! And a cute dog :)
I can’t wait for the Super Epic Mega Farm Tower of Doom to come together! It's going to look awesome, I'm sure of it.
As a Civil Discipline student I enjoy the callouts
The length depends on the music imo, and this was a good length timelapse. But with someone like Impulse or Scar, I really prefer them to be longer because the music they use are bangers.
Congrats on Tending my friend, take care.
Are we going to see the return of the witch farm this season?
LETS FUCKING GO I FUCKING LOVE HERMITCRAFT WOOOOOOO
When I gain consciousness and realize that mumbo is building and talking about building I feel sick in my belly. . . It's just unnatural
Moss farm
you should have added guard like towers in the corners 11:35
4:31 where's the goatee huh, mumbo? Didn't like it that much did you? Heh.
My life for lamps.
I think mumbo might have the missing diamonds from when the hermits defeated Ren the king.
I love how the word “sustainable” can mean basically anything at this point. That being said, things are looking pretty dang sustainable right now.
That’s what she said. (Referring to the title)
Hey mumbo: once you have all the farms in place, maybe you could use the panel of switches and lamps to turn each farm on and off
Sus ≠ sustainable sus = suspicious
KETTLE OF FISH IM CRYING
You are comparing a handrail to a wall, they don't need to be comparable! The lamps do look good though.
The length of the Timelapse doesn’t matter, it just matters how you use it.
watching ,umbo drunk af is defenetly minf fucking af bug i love it!
what if instead of the lamppost you make like dark trees
longer timelapses
Mumbo... You are crushing it!  Never doubt yourself and never skip those breaks!
I would have watched this on release, but I could not, because of homework. Sorry.
14:30 wrong you said you loved his back in last life
I love me some mumbo jumbo but this build doesn't really look great. I'm sure it will look better once complete
Am I the only one who realized Mumbo's got the most legendary Mustache ever but in real life bro is clean shaved.....My whole lives been a lie
I care more about the music in time lapse’s here and there a different one is nice. Many always use the same and it gets a bit stale sometimes
I actually didn’t consider that the implications of bamboo becoming a wood type, which means you don’t need to build something incredibly complex like the azelia farm doc has to have a constant supply of wood, hoppers will be makable en masse from two very easy and simple farms, fascinating
Glad to see you back Mumbo.   You and your little brother make me smile
Mumbo has some of the best sponsor segments  To be fair most hermits have have great sponsor segments
I think the "checklist" lights are a brilliant idea. They can also double as a switch board to toggle farms on and off
I think the bases of the supports of the bridge might have to much blue, but that's just me
Shi
If your head is off your body and you've come to burgle it, then you're not burgling, you're haunting them.
mumbo you forgot a lamp in the thumbnail image
At least your therapist is happy
Mumbo is discovering the true nature of being a builder: doubting every single choice you make, because unlike a redstone machine working for its intended purpose or not, the purpose of a build is to look Good, and that never stops being subjective.
this feels like hermitopia all over again
3:22 "and I haven't even started going through grian's stuff yet"
I had to laugh when Mumbo said “I’m loosing my confidence” 11:35 and then beef came unrelated with the ..”I don’t think you got it”. 😅
How dare you disrespect the beautiful waffle on the back of Grian’s head.
MUMBO! you forgot to put the middle pieces on the water supports...
Mumbo, could you put a soul sand bubble stream in the centre block of each water pillar? Im not sure youd see the bubbles though?
I do think the path would be better half a slab higher so your line of sight is better, but more than anything I'm glad to see you enjoying yourself again and making videos more consistently.
His name is mumbo jumbo, upload you videos fast
Perfect time laps length
Mumbo: Needs Lamps. Also Mumbo: Avoids the lampstore.
This base is gonna be epppiiiccc
Oh Mumbo… You do know what you’ve started with the statue, correct? Haven’t you learned from season 8? Grian always wins prank wars!
11:15 Coco Chanel — 'Before you leave the house, look in the mirror and take one thing off.'
In terms of timelapse length, I think for you it matters less because you talk during yours, so it’s not much different from the rest of the video
"Gem is stealing heads again; try your best to ignore it." 😆 Ah yes, almost remembered you were on a multi-player server for a second. Better repress that realization.
imagine if the secret project he mentioned at the start was the Minecraft movie, that'd be wild lol
mumbo is the only youtuber to ever tell me to try using a specific word. let alone a word that dosent exist lol
Build swap
my favorite types of episodes are is when it’s multiple medium timelapse’s but i understand why it can’t be that every week😂
So a couple things Mumbo: 1. You might be focusing too much on just one element (ie bridges) when you should build up the rest of your base in the middle and then see how it goes with the bridges and make alterations then. 2. Slightly disappointed we don't have varying pillar heights because you would've went to ground level, but eh, we'll see how it goes. 3. Perhaps do the lamps like you did the pillars. Do an alternating setup, and then take something like blackstone/Dark oak/warped fences and make a "string" between the lamps.  4. Another idea is to add more X/Y dimension on the underside of the bridges to increase their girth without expanding the bridge itself. Purely cosmetic inflation. Another idea is to expand out little stakes from the sides, and hang chains down like they were vines. It's a bit of a "dark Iron" theme but it would work with your colors.
Loving your base mumbo my man
Just got a “hey, you’ve won something from me” reply. I reported it since I’m pretty sure it’s garbage! Just FYI.
“Haven’t even gone through GRIAN’S stuff yet” it’s ok, he’s not gonna build the backs anyway
that’s what she said
I'll be honest mumbo, I'm losing hope for this base
Listening to Mumbo talk is Hella relaxing. I could listen to this man fret about his build for hours
Sugar cane pillar remix? 2:38
I have seen your face before but you do not look anything like your online persona lol. (Im not tryna say ur ugly you look good ^^)
BRING BACK THE BOATEM POLE!
❤😊❤😊❤
Use those diamonds and buy copper
I think some froglight arches would look great
when you biult the statue of liberty i kept saying USA! like im not going to shant were im from and my home state
A wool farm would be a decent idea to keep all the redstone seperate, unless you just buy it from beef.
I love how instead of Mumbo ever going to the shopping district to spend the diamonds given to him (totally not by Grian), he just steals all his materials from Grian. Because he knows Grian is so unorganized that he’ll never know it’s missing.
The title reminds me of the syndrome scene from the incredibles
I Do Not See It (If You Know You Know)
not sure what has happened but on mobile i cant seem to change the video quality
There's honestly always something particularly enjoyable about watching Mumbos building process, seriously glad he came to Hermitcraft (hopefully at a pace to avoid burnout though)
copper aging farm
6:37 WHY DID YOU FORGET TO PUT A WARPED WOOD TRAPDOOR ON THE FROG LAMP!?!
mumbo posts, i like
ooh, I thought the pillars would have different height, so each of them goes to the respective floor
Everyone 25 and under seeing the title:  "It's bigger!  It's badder!  And it's too much for Mr. Incredible - woah woah woah"
New microphone
I'm calling it. There is going to be a copper war
You got a new/different mic? Sounds crisp. Also love the video
Mumbo, did you get a new mic? You sound very different
Add a covering/roof over just the corners. Not that you will see this out of the bazillion comments!
Get RealCivilEngineer on this!
Next time you’ll build something on grians base pleeeease build a worm from the “wormz” series
The first one I got was a little bit bigger than my first bath big house
ITS BETTER... ITS TOO MUCH FOR MR INCREDIBLE!!!
Dude I love your aloud thoughts. The best
mumbo, how dare you forget his waffle?!
As American I'm such offended by the "Statue of Liberty"  LOL
mumbo's enteraining qualities are just him overthinking for a whole video
Two suggestions for mumbo’s base: 1. By growing kelp in the center of the column, the flowing water can be turned into source blocks, after which you can place a soul sand and create a bubble column 2. Maybe the light poles can have height variations to create a wavy form!
Maybe in each concer you can add a small over hange in all 4 concerns. That could look great
0:31  someone needs to remix this into a twerk anthem.
can definelty tell something is diffrent about your mic, little less clear I think.
3:22 "...and I haven't even gone through Grian's stuff yet!"  The mutual "lag" between Mumbo and Grian's storage systems (if you can call them that) is probably my favorite dynamic in the series.
"What does a CEO do" season 8 mumbo could have used that information lol
I love Bread
New mic? Or am I imagining things?
Deepslate in between the bottom pillars, def.
It's 5.00 AM here
14:25 it’s true. There is no back to Grian, only waffle
11:28 Mumbo what about staggering lamps… like don’t have them the same level or you can refer to the ambiance that grian did in season 7 with his alley like how he added the candels and partials and have it like cables or something.
The green among us 7:21💀
The length of the time lapse is less important than the commentary during the time lapse
Everyone doing timelapses: Talking about their builds Mumbo: (having an existential crisis)
really enjoy your videos <3 thank you !!!
Mumbo calling the pillar of copper inefficient is so ironic.
5:43 ad skip
Ayo, Builder!Mumbo arc! Let's go /pos
13:46 can confirm
I love how despite Mumbo being one of few hermits that has taken the longest vacay he's the one of few that managed to make a lot of base progress.
Hey mumbo, Why not keep the lamps on the outside wall and remove the inside ones? I think it may remove some visual clutter and leave room for the visualization of the farms that you were wanting to put inside.
He still does know what sus means. It mean suspicious
Sugarcane, *PILLAR PILLAR PILLAR PILLAR PILLAR PILLAR PILLAR PILLAR* Sugercane, Brick-Wall.
2:50 Oh Mumbo Jumbo had a base, eeeyeeeyooo… And on his base he had some pillars, eeeyeeeyooo… His got pillar here, and a pillar there… Here a pillar There a pillar Everywhere! A pillar! Oh Mumbo Jumbo had a base, ee-eye-e-eye-ooooooo!- Missed opportunity btw, Mumbo. 😂
.. on the inside?
My first thought after seeing the thumbnail was, “that’s what she said.”
A pillar here a pillar there, here, there  Me : 👀👀👀 YES while looking intensely to my monitor trying to figure out which here and there
That's what she said?
He made another amoung  us character in his outline
The farms should be built in contrasting colours to keep them from blending into the vault and bridge
That time lapse was perfect XD
12:17 ranked in order of the odds of each person: Most Likely - Iskall85 who is returning soon. It sounds like him. Second likely - Grian. Third likely - Scar.
16:32 love you mumbo
Is Mumbo .. French?  Gifting a Statue of Liberty? Plus the mustache….
The back of Grian looks like a waffle, bro
His base does look very “sustainable”
how about adding some lava pillers too, somewhere
As for the lamp posts. I would suggest changing the height of some of them to create some wave pattern. Maybe the corners and middle being the highest, and then have them a bit lower in-between those high ones. Kind of creating a bit of a wave pattern. Possibly even varying the the in-between heights to help avoid so much symmetry.   Regardless I LOVE the little statue you made. :)
The microphone quality sounds so amazing and clean in this video and the building was exceptional! Wonderful episode, Mumbo!
not first
Take the ones from the middle out/
One step further, you can also hook up the farm switches to the checklist,
yo did anybody notice that mumbo's mic sounds a lot more clear and better
I still think doc is the richest hermit. His diamond ore used in all his builds.
A thunk is a CompSci term for something that captures and holds a pending computation for later. Often used in lazy languages or to avoid potentially unnecessary calculations.
What's up with the background sounds?
imagine mumbo made the water into buble elavators into the bridge so you can just walk into the water to get up to the bridge
Among us 0:22
The perfect lamp placement should be once every 3 pillars
Oh btw you could do like archways in the corners to change it up a bit
Loved the water pillars and the progress. 😎👌... Even the lamps are excited about your progress!!! 🫣🤭🤣 20:38 (just can't unsee it anymore!! 🤣😂🤣)
he needs Litematica Good Luck mumbo
Suggestion: what if the platform at the bottom was a lovely little garden for the villagers to roam
Did mumbo let slip there gonna update the server?
Why is there an among sound at 10:43???
Perfect time lapse, personally i like different length ones
currently running an esab rouge 180i and powering it off a mobile generator, gets the job done for now
2:39 to 3:08 was painful, funny, and awkward at the same time, for something really stupid.. I speak Portuguese (from Portugal) and him saying "pillar here, pillar there, etc" ... bruh... because "Pila" where I live is basically a slang word for dick (as in the organ 🥲) my humour is broken
Jesus christ i didn't know what I was expecting but
MUMBO!!! HOW DARE YOU DOUBT THAT BELGIUM IS A REAL COUNTRY OR NOT😡😂 (i'm from Belgium, Big fan of yoy❤)
Maybe try having the lamps at different heights
Why is 19:48 killing me 💀💀
Tiny tiny tiny tiny time-lapse 🎶
Sorry I’m so confused hat is going on
Mumbo building ark!
Me, a Civil Engineer : *screams*
if you feel it's too busy, alternate lamps on outer rail and inner rail
So many secrets...
13:25 Mumbo unintentionally made 250,000 say the "word" thunk
this is the only channel where i watch the sponsers
I’m sorry. Are we just ignoring “KETTLE OF FISH”?!?!?!?!???
Lovely video m8, tyvm and good to have you back 🎉❤
*sees title* "Tha--- that's w--- thats what sh--- what she said"
I find it hilarious how when Gem and Impulse were recording their fighting session, they commented "you know, I hope no one else on the server is trying to record their videos, because then I'd feel bad for spamming the chat", but Mumbo just made the chat fit in with the video (also when beef said "you don't got this" to impulse about fighting Gem, it was right when Mumbo was talking about how he was unsure about leaving the posts in the corners)
2:50 do I hear an elibeatmaker song  here?
Maybe purple frog lights would look cooler?
It’s not about the length of the timelapse, it’s about how you use it
Yes mumbo belgium is a real country i would know cause i love in it 😂😂
OML mumbo commited tax fraud in Minecraft…
I love how he is still the richest hermit without even working on an evil industrial empire.
Should use chains for the lamps so they look like they are floating lights that’s chained down
He does know he missed a trap door or three right....?
I am surprised that a Gunpowder Farm is not on the list or the Mob Farm is so late on the list. And I think you could even drop one more set of lamps. (In the middle of the set of 3 lamps.)
it's floating, so the civil engineers are screaming. i'm going to fix that by holding it up with water, and the civil engineers are still screaming. 🤣🤣I love the things that Mumbo says, the little one-liners that always make me laugh. Thanks for the entertainment, Mumbo!  P.S. Grian has a backside because if he didn't then he wouldn't have a waffle
Change the intro to "All videos are sponsored yada yada yada"
Time lapse length really depends on the narrative you're delivering. sometimes you need a very long one if you're trying to savor that process, but if it's just a vehicle to get past what you did then you can make it very small, and obviously it's a sliding scale so, yeah
Nice crib
The best ive heard «thinking, thinking, thinking i have thunk» hahahha
According to copyright laws, if you take a picture of someone then it’s considered your art and you then own their face. It’s probably the same with head duplicates because it’s very easy to call something art and they did theoretically make the duplicate of your head.
do more red stone again. That's what we all wanna see
A piller here a piller there and a piller there?  If someone doesnt make a remix i wont know what yo do with myself
You should add some archways in-between some of the lampposts.
I love the variation in time-lapse-length! and the talking makes it much more interesting
Thats what she said
Use stone cutters so that coppers be used more efficiently and doesn't use much more resources then using a crafting table.
Belgium is a real country in fact you wouldn’t have “french” fries without Belgium.
I’d say that’s a pretty good length for a timelapse that you had there
Did you create a  checklist  or a control panel?
What if you use soul sand to make it look like the water is going up
The only thing on the back of Grian is WAFFLE
Mumbo buddy. You question yourself far too much. Your time lapse is supposed to be as long as is needed to fill the time slot that you need it to fill. If the video is fun for you to make, it will be fun for us to watch.
I think the blue soul lanterns or the blue campfires may also fit with your aesthetic.
I listen to my Audible books at 1.5x speed, so the timelapse seemed like it was the proper length to me
Maybe small towers or arches on the corners/crossroad for more variety
First the whole thing about stealing your own head, then the absolute banger if a quote "when i thought i was lost, i was actually found."; what an amazing video man xDD  Btw, would recommend some small towers in the corners of the upper section. Would lend some "optical girth" and height variation to the built :)
You should try out the freecam mod so you can view your builds more easily. It's an absolute game changer :)
I accidentally pressed don't recommend channel and i don't know how to undo it
It's the statue of literby
Change wool and make red sus again plsssss mumbo plsssssssss
Surprisingly (or not) you're on the top 5 most active hermits this month. Grian Empires killed the server bad.
Hey Mumbo, just wanna let you that everytime I see a new upload from you, I damn near go into spasms trying to click on it 😂  Love your videos man.
Me whenever mumbo says substantial this video  SUStantial
that was a great timelaps length
Sometimes I forget how young Mumbo is.
I believe "Thunk" is a word... An onomatopoeia for the sound of a large object landing! Rather than a version of "think"
14:40 neither would surprise me
make the lamppost of different heights to solve the single horizon line problem
Omg I think I saw spoilers for Grian’s next hermitcraft episode-
A skin of Grien with transparent back is now due
0:25 our base got considerably more SUStainable
Mumbo, you could put a roof over your walls. I don't know if it will work for your walls, but it might.
make a drowned farm
“ I have thunk” - Mumbo 2023
Great progress! Cant wait for the rest of the builds to come together! Side note though, copper blocks need to be placed 4 blocks apart to get the most efficiency in oxidation.
Which shyder or texture pack are you using?
Hey Mombo can you go to the content jenrater and get some funny content please
perfect timelapse length
I think your pillars should go all the way down to ground and follow the terrain. I know it’s more work for you Mumbo, but I think it would be cooler.
I always forget just how friendly IRL Mumbo looks.
Just an idea for mayby for the structure in the middle there should be a massive tall building or sculptur with maybey holding a big orb or loads of dimonds that looks very strong and powerfull. just a something that wouldent leave me alone to say but just thought of it and hope it gets seen but there are alot of comments.
That’s what she said
The gap between length and of the timelapse
Is it just me or does mumbo kinda sound like an AI voice in some spots?
How after only 3 hrs since this video was released can there be over 200k views and 1.5k comments.  Only Australia, NZ and Japan are awake!  Very impressive.
Oh no, we have given Mumbo the BuilderBug…
Maybe to break the consistency, you should consider the narrative that your vault is being assaulted by outside forces. So maybe there is some external damage.
I'm guessing that link is still coming tomorrow?
You are wrong. You have in fact seen the back of Grian. Waffle
Actually… if you set the water up the right way and had it all flow inward toward the center instead of flowing in all 4 directions you could probably make a full bubble column that doesnt spill… it would just be tough to set up… maybe
in the lampless corners you could build small decorative roofed pavillions
Still a no-scaffold believer.
You could add trees and bushes in your wall in a keralis style it can break that monotone feel you were speaking abt
New mic?
I do definitely think that central bubble columns would look really nice, possibly actually using magma bubble to look like the water is jetting down toward the bottom… but soulsand ones shooting up to lift it are also good
Mumbo Jumbo is single-handedly keeping the game "Sustainable Us" alive.
Maybe vary the height of the lamp posts?
Iron farm with nether portals which can be a very inefficient gold farm.
2:50 Mumbo Jumbo had a base, e i e i o, and in this base he had some pillars, e i e i o, with a pillar over here and a pillar over there, here a pillar, there a pillar, everywhere a base pillar. Mumbo Jumbo had a base, e i e i o.
i think mumbo has the best timelapses. they are always so random and entertaining
Another great episode Mr Jumbo. THUNK... Is most definitely a word. I've been saying for over 20years as the past tense of think. Sooo good to hear you say it. Also use remound for remind and a few others I can bring to mind at the moment. Keep up the great content
13 episodes in and the majority of redstone we’ve gotten is a door
would love to see mumbo's take on building with bdubs!
I think if you’re not content with the impact of the lamp posts on your bridge you could make some sort of canopy/cover type thing. That way it adds some height and still keeps an open design with a good view when walking on it
not sure if people noticed but i think your microphone sounds a little different
Soul lanterns might work?
As a chemical engineer I love your water supports because they look cool and make civil engineers mad
Thats what she said
I would say for the best time laps speed is going to be however long you have good content to talk about. If you can keep your viewers entertained the entire span of your Timelapse just with your conversation, than whenever that naturally ends is the perfect Timelapse. However if you feel what you are talking about is lacking a little, probably best to do a faster Timelapse because they have a bit of a mesmerizing effect. Don’t know why I had the impulse to mention this comment but hey here is my 2 cents
Try the sculk growth over the froglights on the ground, it will leave good bright color, but blend it into the rest of the pallette better.  Glow lichen is another option
why is there a crewmate in the middle?
I think it would have been totally hilarious if Mumbo had left the box of diamonds as his most interesting item. I get why he didn't, but I would have loved to see the reaction of whoever set up the signs when they saw it.
i dont know maybe its just me but i think if the pillar would stand on the natural ground that includes having different heights it could mold the building better with the invorment
For the farms checklist you could use item frames or glowing/invis item frames and the produced item.
a very sustainable base skeleton... 2 seasons in a row... You're very sustainable Mumbo!
Mumbo: is belgium a real country?  Me, watching this from belgium: i don’t know, is it mate?
Just an idea for the bridge with balancing out height and framing it out would be that you could have beacons under all four corners with the light shining up through the centre of the water columns and then coming out through the top of the bridge. Also having a pyramid under each corner might help with grounding the base down when you connect it to the floor.
as a belgian i find this highly offensive xD
me after seeing only the title: 🤨
Can we take a second to appreciate his AMAZING HOUSE
You could use the levers on the check list as a farm toggle on and off
What if you were to stagger/randomize the heights of the lamp posts. Would achieve the goal of mixing up the heights and give it some more character.
Cyan terracotta*
chorus farm, purpur blocks.
Super sustainable
Ejjj ,hat is this hatred towars belgium during the ad xD. But yes belgium is a really confused country
You could totally add roofed area on top of the water pillar bridge area
The title. All I can say is…. THATS WHAT SHE SAID
You could alternate the length of the lamps in a 1 2 1 2 1 pattern 1 being 1 block smaller and 2 being the height they are now or they could be in a 1 2 3 1 2 3 pattern that would end up making thr lamps looking like a wave 1 again being one block lower 2 being the same height and 3 being 1 block higher.
Sculk Farm !
"Grian has no back" is officially the new "why cobble here"
Maybe that's because I got very tired today, but I enjoyed this Mumbo's episode of Hermitcraft more than usual.  Keep it up! <3
There is one farm you will build for sure and that is the lag farm.
sugar cane pillar, sugar cane brick wall
"I love your back" -mumbo (i cant remember what year he said this)
"I got way more of everything than I thought I did, and I haven't even started going through Grian's stuff yet!" - my new favorate Mumbo line
Mumbo, you should probably make a kelp farm to fuel the Industrial Furnac (eeeeee)
18:06 did mumbo fart?
Gives "Sugarcane, pillar, sugarcane, brick wall" vibes
16:00 it's your head, but from a different universe where you have already died.... Is that head still yours?
Much confuse, should the bottom bc dark and shadowy?
In terms of overworld gold farm you will probably already know this but if you create a simple system to light and break a nether portal it spawns zombie pigmen and then if you put multiple next to each other and a water stream bringing them into a trident killing system it is actually pretty efficient!
wtf his house looks so comfortable
'Thunk' Is actually a word, you're just not using it right. >.<
Thunk is a real word.
I miss the fast cutting editing.
2:34 "cyan concrete" cyan terracotta being the best dark grey block for years is generational trauma. Also OMG concrete was added 6 years ago...
I'd love to see a similarly-sized mega-base that embraces asymmetry, considering Mumbo always makes his bases as symmetric as seemingly possible.  It'd be cool to see a huge base that is just a mess of random angles and such, with bold colored concrete slabs.
As a civil engineer, I laughed out loud at your opening. 😂
As an American i can approve that statue of liberty you’ve made
Mumbo should just be jus jumbo bumbo self
ayyyyyy mor hermitcraft!!!!!!
That's what she said
Always a good day when Mumbo uploads
Super cool base progress!
As a fellow builder said, "when in doubt, do without."
the way mumbo said "industrial district to be" makes me thnk hes gonna propose to it  and i would not put it past mr mustache mumbo to marry his industrial district
Mumbo: "I'm not sure Grian has a back?"  The waffle: "Am I a joke to you?"
That's what she said.
If it were me, what I would do is build a little square roof on each of the corners of your bridge. Not necessarily towers, but just a couple blocks higher than the lamps. That would build up the corners a bit and prevent the whole thing from looking too even and level like you said.  Also, since you're using all of those lamps, another way to try spacing things out would be to turn on shaders or something and come look at it at night. See if the lamps light up the bridge well enough to see, or if they wind up not providing enough light to be practical and you're still walking out in the darkness. I'm not saying that you need to play the game and do all your videos with shaders turned on, but it would be kind of like how a lot of artists flip their pictures horizontally to find things they aren't happy with. Changing the appearance of the project on occasion may help you look at it with fresh eyes and come up with a new way of putting it all together.
yes belgium is a real country i live there
mumbo you can see at 13:01 you forgot a deepslate bit in your base ! on the left side, half of the roof is not covered with deepslate on the edge !
Thunk is a word you are just using it wrong, its more so me hitting you with a club than the past tense of think.
I like a good hermitcraft song time-lapse like pearl, cleo, or scars.
I can confirm that Belgium is a country. Source? I unfortunately live there
planet of the apes statue of liberty
Yo Mumbo, i recommend that each corner of the outer ring should be tall towers. Increase the variance in height. Having 4 spires endcapping each of the paths would look awesome.
This video is sponsored by ScamProxy.
"Come to think of it, I've never seen Grian's back."  Last life flashbacks intensify
Thunk is my knew favorite word
It's 3:30am so I'm not gonna watch it today and have dreams about it 😅😅
Mumbo please make a new series where you make a farm for every farmable item new designs if possible for fun Side quest See how many you can fit in one area they can be asked at one time
If you "thunk" thats just thinking HARD, but in the past.
can't you use string to make water sources for the pillars?
no, belguin isnt real
New war?
Mumbo next season be like: sustainable sand and sustainable gravel are the best additions to minecraft
That was a very satisfying timelaps
its official, mumbo's planning a murder.
I love it when Civil Engineer's are screaming.
Mumbo: Thinking, Thinking!, THINKING!!!  I have “thunk”.  Me: 😂 was not expecting “thunk” at the end.
Mubbo jubbo sussy sus sus sustainable suss
Is Mumbo sick?
15:18 where are the LÄMPS Bröther
Personally I think that Mumbo should have put _more_ decoration on those corners rather then less; like put a veranda or a second story or some balconies or something.
Why didn’t you play limited life
4:37 "Is Belgium actually a real country" 🤣
thats what she said
I have thunk.
Mumbo, I appreciate how fast ur putting out Hermitcraft videos👍🏼
Mumbo just there thinking about the most efficient ways to lag Hermitcraft!
ABOUT TIMELAPSES: I'm no expert but I think that the length of timelapses is related to how you view the content in it.  If the build is full of visible detail that you want people to be able to see, then make it long If the build is modular with repetitive parts or is something people won't understand on the fly (like redstone builds), then make it short  Short Timelapses serve the purpose of showing the passing of time between scene A and scene B, and all the work involved in it. Long Timelapses serve the purpose of quickly showing HOW you did the build, how it was done in addition to the passing of time and the work. So it's an alternative to explaining the build process like you do in your videos.  So in my opinion, since your videos (like this one) is mostly showing us the thought process and construction of your builds, you don't need to use long timelapses, the shorts are for you since you would use it for modular """"boring"""" building without thoughts and full of patterns.  I really like you talking during the timelapse about a topic not directly related to the main topic of the video though, it's fresh.
I’ve got a secret to share with ya buddy: *no one ever really knows what they’re doing.* 🤣 for a timelapse I would generally just go on instinct with regard to how long it goes, and these fairly-short timelapses inserted into the video are perfect- they help me understand that “this was an involved process” without being the main content of the video. Plus I get to hear you ramble about some semi-random topic, which is half the reason I’m here 🤣
14:06 I thought that was a deer before you added the torch 😂
you should try soul lantern as the street lights on top of your bridge.
"I have way more EVERYTHING than I thought I did, and I haven't even started going through Grian's stuff!"
I feel like the wall would look so good if he replicated the darker section thats on the bottom half onto the top half and completed the circular shape
Can we just take time to appreciate how good mumbos house looks 4:40
just dont put double lampposts everywhere
You could even alternate the height of the lamp posts. Beautiful build so far though ❤
4:30 mumbo, you say that as though i didn't occupy physical space in the house that i live
Your episodes are increasingly just becoming you agonising over tiny details of your builds. Somehow all the other builders get stuff done without quite so much agonising.
real civil engineer is about to become uncivilized.
I don't know if the timelapse thing was a genuine question, but I can say that I like everyone having their favored style, whichever it is. Yours is commented with a length of whatever, and it works well. I wouldn't tie knots in my brain over it. You're great at making minecraft videos! Every one of them is a delight in my eyes.
Mumbo out here learning that symmetry and repeating patterns is *not* always good when building
dont worry mumbo you got the perfect timelapse length
That base is looking very sustainable
15:52 this sounds like the plot of an Edgar Allen Poe story
I think that that timelapse was the perfect length
14:24 insert mumbo quote from last life "I do love your back grian"
Its the statue of Literbee,
Forest gump is my favorite movie
Industrial Furnac eeeee  That absolutely killed me, I had to stop for like, a solid 5 minutes just to get the giggles out
As a Belgian, yes, we are a country. Kind of
10:42 “now I feel like I have too many lamps” Mumbo, my good friend, you can never have too many lamps
Is it just me or does his mic sound way better?
0:10 base looks a little sus💀💀💀
A suggestion for the square bridge. Try building taller, maybe a bit larger lamps on the corners of the square bridge. It will hopefully match up with the vault nicely.
Hear me out, cool watch towers on the corners
Mr. Mumbo your builds are great in many ways but I would try to learn from Scar & Bdubs in a particular way: Add elements to remove the repetition and similarity to make them more 'alive '. Just a suggestion.
Mumbo I have a little suggestion for the street lamps on the bridge. How about you have 4 lamps on the corner (1 on the inner wall, 3 on the outer wall) and 4 lamps in the middle section of the bridge (2 on the inner wall, 2 on the outer wall) and remove the ones that are inbetween the corner and middle section?
Furnac                        eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
In my opinion, any time lapse is a good time lapse as long as it isn't so fast that the day night cycle doesn't fash in the background
Your statue of Liberty looks more like a snake head/The Sphinx of Egypt.
He forgot the middle bits around the middle of the water pillars
You have a secret... Iskall has a secret... Are you going to vault with him? You are, aren't you? Please say you are 😬❤️🤣
I cant believe that mumbo referenced Dhar man
3:20 i have way more of everything then i thought i did and i haven't even started poking through grain's stuff yet 😀
@ThatMumboJumbo instead of taking away the corner lamps, try and taking away the ones between the corners in the middle. basically, if there are 5 segments, take away the lamps from 2 and 4
You have seen Grian’s back - you said you loved it in last life
Personally, I think a good design for the farm tower thing would have it be like a imposing skyscraper with a streak of water or something in the middle.  Edit: Also, I think the base might look good without the trees and nature currently around it, as they draw away from the base, instead maybe add deepslate or make it a plaza of sorts?
Hey Mumbo
So the guy with the Most Subs "has no clue what he's doing"!!    Mmhmm..  Mr Humble Jumbo 😉
Love the build but I think lava would look better than water. The water is to blue.
mumbo is the king of being sus
I feel like the ideal length of a timelapse just depends on how important you make the think you're time-lapsing. Because you've been designing the supports for the walkway for a few episodes now, they've recieved a certain significance, and as a result it makes sense to make building them on Hermitcraft into a longer timelapse because that gives a better payoff after the development from the last few episodes.
Do you REALLY need a pumpkin and melon farm? Like why 😂
12:51 Hes at it again    He has a sus base
Ok for some reason there is parts of this video that makes my brain feel different from just mumbo speaking with out audio in the background
You should make a slime farm.
You should make a shulker farm
as a belgian, our country is absolutely made up
Put a roof over the corners, with like a blue gradient and lighting
I just got the "sustainable" joke. Man, i am slow.
I hereby name this industrial district...The Lag Cube /j
Thunk is a real word it just describes a sound not the past tense of think
Your base is progressing in great ways. Tree farm? I personally like Doc’s time lapses, but that’s probably got something to do with the epic music and his mind breaking contraptions.
Real Civil Engineer must be so angry right now.
i said thunk because 2 brain cells go wee and those 2 brain cells also made me think that saying the word thunk is the funniest thing in the world. and it is.
Did Mumbo get a new microphone? also nice episode again
Mumbo... are you slowly turning into a Grian clone. Your turning into a better and better builder and your storage is all over the place. Is that his super power? He slowly turns everyone else into a copy of him?
Yep…enjoyed thoroughly
magbe add like a gazebo on the center and middle on the bridge to play with the sight lines and add some interest
Bruh why don't you have an intro anymore like all it is now is just captions in a black background  Like it's been years what happened
Is it possible to add bubble columns in the middle of the water pillars to transport the items from the farms?
Did you got a new mic?
oof mumbo needs the cleaning lady
I enjoy longer time lapses. You can talk alot during them while we still enjoy progress. Although, in the end its alot about what you are time - lapsing too
i just realised that mumbo's hair is smooth (a single colour).
0:10 amogus
No, Belgium isn't a real country.
Bro was ready to change nationality for a movie 💀
I really want Mumbo to talk to Grumbot or just say hello 👍
Is Belgium actually a real country?  No, it isn't.
My opinion on timelapses is: you don't need them. They're not really interesting in my opinion and I find myself often skipping them.
Honestly, I love the progress videos, but I'm kinda missing all the other hermits. Love your work!
I think it'd be really cool if a portion of your vault was a bank for other players to store their diamonds or even overflow storage, though that could be a massive undertaking
You might consider putting towers up in the corners. It could really help break up the sightlines you're worried about
"I'm not sure I've ever actually seen the back of Grian" -The man who still has Grian's waffle on the back of his in-game skin.
The lamps look like lil mushrooms
i don't know mumbo i distinctively remember something about you telling Grian that You love his back which means that you saw it.
if you put a unique mini build in each corner (such as maybe a pump, or a furnace, etc... to fit with the build) I think it would break up the constant repetitiveness         I mean you could also just put blue-dark themed tree and a mustache statue because that always looks good and pleases the mustache gods
The way mumbo says "pilla" is so funny for some reason
Im pretty sure that grian has a waffle back there..... Edit: thinking......   Thinking......     Thinking.....    Thunk it....  Is grian the one to create the original waffle house????
love you mumbo but you look like an american school bully, sorry to offend
NOOOOOOO, now I have to wait another two weeks :(
mic broke?
Can you make a time lapse montage?
Am i the only one that noticed the “SUS” thing about mumbos base at 12:50?
At the rate he's going he's going to need to start with froglamp and copper farms.
It is not a good idea to watch Mumbo videos while wearing a clay skincare mask or pore strips. You will laugh too much and it will hurt your face. I speak from experience.
MAKE A TRENCH AROUND THE PILLARS JUST LIKE THE ONE THATS AROUND THE VAULT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shouldn't the bamboo go at the top since if it requires a lot of vertical space that means that you don't need to put the other farms on top of it and it can grow as much as it needs at the top?
I can't wait to see how sustainable this base becomes.
For the bridge, I was thinking the most inner walls are, for example, 6 blocks apart and the out walls is 8 blocks or have it alternating for outer to inner.  9:40
Civil engineer here Can confirm AM SCREAMING
hey there mumbo! as a Belgian, I can confirm that Belgium is NOT, in fact, a real country.
As far as timelapses go, everyone will be different, I like mine just slightly longer with a nice pan across the finished bit
Mumbo: “Floating bridge making the civil engineers scream” *Supports bridge with pillars of water* Civil engineers: “💀”
Oh I have suggestion for the lampposts! The sections either side the middle most ones on each side are one block lower, making a wave pattern on each side and keeping consistent variety in the sight line
You know, I really appreciate videos like this.  Breaking down the creative decision-making... and the confusion and missteps that are just part of the process.  I see that someone like Mumbo has to fiddle with his designs and feel better about my own builds :)
The best length of your timelapse is when the music perfectly matches it.
An industrial furnac? EEEEEEE    -mumbo jumbo (2023)
Please join the create server with keralis tango and zedaph you could do some cool things there
Have I gone mad or has Mumbo changed the settings on his mic?
I died at SUStainable - looking at sus frame xd
what the heck who is this guy
with all the water pillars in the build, I think it would look great if all the farms brought the items into a large storage system in the middle through water streams. Putting some small canopies in the corners of the bridge might also fix the lamp issue but idk
When he said pillar, all I could think of is, “sugarcane pillar, sugarcane brick wall! Sugarcane pillar, sugarcane brick wall!”
Ayo the title
Mumbo Jumbo face reveal jumpscare 😱😱🥵
It's N-
What if there was a hole in the middle of the water pillars to drop down to whatever is under
“And I haven’t even started going through Grian’s stuff yet” 😂😂
7:08 now it looks vary Sustainable!
Actually from Belgium, we ARE real, but it's so full of legendary and mystical creatures here everyone thinks we're not!
I miss a good obsidian farm using a wither
Pause-
Mumbo, if you can find the time you should check out BDubs latest Building With BDubs episode. He talks about dealing with repetitiveness. Short version, wherever you notice something repeating, just change it slightly.
Should we make the pillar here remix now or wait until the base is done?
Mumbo: It’s all on the same level  Me: Well you should put the lamps at different levels maybe  Me and Mumbo at the same time: Darn I’m turning into a builder
substantial and sustainable
When in doubt ask Gem.
If i wasn't as poor as i am now i just might look for a vpn like this.... im literally living by the skin of my teeth...
That I enjoy the smell of my dogs farts caught me off guard I was laughing so much XDD
”And i haven’t even started going through grians stuff yet”😂
don't forget a potato farm
I love how mumbo makes the most simple additions to builds seem complicated
You inspire me soo much to re visit my creative mode world to continue the build.
This is the most I’ve laughed at a Hermitcraft video in a long while! Glad to have you back, Mumbo
Can someone tally how many times mumbo said pillar/pillars in this video
ion farm
The problem with building a base wih this colour scheme everytime you say cyan i get very confused
If the “street lamps” look too crowded, you could always alternate their placement. You rarely see street lamps directly across from each other, so alternating them would both break it up and be more realistic.
Mumbo: (flips switch 15)  and done  . . . . sever crashes.
Hold on, hold on, hold on. As a British person, I can wholeheartedly confirm that 'thunk' is in fact a word. I think Mumbo is confused...
water columns make it look like a cage ngl
you should keep the corner lamps and the put the lamps in a line every other pillar
Cyan concrete in minecraft is just another gray....
That is in fact bigger. Not click bait.
its so wholesome, to have Mumbo back on the Hermitcraft Server :)
new mic sounding crispy
As a belgian I wonder every day ...
It looks like a water cage.
I loved the part where he said 'it's base building time' and then proceeded to build bases all over the place, truly one of the hermitcraft moments of all time
That’s what she said
How about a farm to generate farm ideas????? That would be so fun!
To be honest if I had a penny for every time Mumbo said satisfying I’d be a millionaire, heck I’d be a billionaire!! 😂
You should play with the idea of a lava pillar
For the platform, I think you could maybe make it look like a bunch of water pipes being fed into the water pillars, thus supporting the idea that the bridge is being held up by water pressure.
It looks like an amoung us character...
2 diamonds per stack seems like not enough lol
"extra kettle of fish" is just the best way to represent too much
What's with that yellowy orange pixel at the top right of the screen?
Am i the only one who sees an Among Us in the Base
Hey mumbo, in my humble expert opinion, the best timelapse length is of medium length (30-60s). HOWEVER, what's more important is the voice over, timelaps with no voice-over can be boring, and i usually skip over them, but voice over timelapses are engaging and i will watch them.
3:20 I’ve missed this dynamic
it's not stealing. Items are glitching into inventories for a while now. S9 server is wild ^^
"Pillar there" remix when?
Video 172.5 of me bringing up the video “Can Mumbo Jumbo top this” by looneyloser until Mumbo notices it.
try randomizing the heights of some of the lamp posts. Or maybe just increasing the heights of the corner lamps.
For the bridge lamps you should have lamps at the corners but every other segment you miss out. So you’d have lamps at the middle of the bridge (the crossroads for example) and the corners. Also once you have all the farms built on your checklist you could turn the checklist into a control room to turn the farms on and off.
I think beneath the bridge you should make a fortress or keep and above a pool  of water.btw  love your vids keep up the good work
Wonder why Grian hasn’t uploaded a Hermitcraft episode in 2 weeks since his last one? He’s probably behind his Hermitcraft upload schedule.
Why don't you ad wach towers in the courners and maybe the middle of the bridges to make a hight diffrens?
For the light configurations on the walkway bit, I feel like you should try out different spacings for them, keeping the four lights on each corner as well as the four in the middle of each side but skipping out the other lamps might work well if that even makes sense.
Gem giving Impulse "PVP practice" in the background while Mumbo building his base is very chobblesome.
100k views in one hour, you would’ve thought after he left for a while everyone would’ve forgotten about him but no
HOLY SMOKES MUMBO IS IN IRON LUNG!
Everytime you post I get excited, I'm loving this season
new drinking game: every time mumbo says pillar take a sip
Mumbo's got a really cool irl house
Here I was thinking Mumbo loved Grian’s back
Theres a bike trying to climb the wall, not to scare you or anything
Almost over river could do squido or fishy fish mayhap?
Skip the ad: 5:44
nice
Gold farms on bedrock *used to be* all overworld-with-nether-portals only (And still the most powerful one is effectively 'zeroticking' portals to get gold) so I'm 100% down for this and suggest you check out those old bedrock gold farms! (might have to search MCPE for best results, it's old lol)
Looks good but sustainable
MOSS FARM
mumbo, you should build small platforms in the air that overlook your base so that when you fly out, you can stay in one place as long as you need. love your videos!
I love Mumbo's lag checklist!
MUMBO put lamps on corners but then remove a set of the straight section
"Thinking" "Thinking....." "I have Thunk."
Only Mumbo can make placing block after block entertaining
Pillar pillar everywhere :D ( on a more serious note, I love your vault build, so inspiring. Also, copper towers on the base?)
Hearing Mumbo say 'Pillar' sounds like my southern grandma saying 'Pillow'. For context, they both sound like 'Pilluh'
My favorite part of this video is when the Hermit said “it’s Hermitcrafting time” and hermitcrafted all over his base.
You forgot the middle bits! The most important parts!
That is what she said
im noticing there multiple times where mumbo has the same type of item in two different inventory slots not fully stacked like for example with 14 and 16 oak signs at 16:50 or 9 and 52 rockets at 3:33 i feel like it might some hidden easter egg or something or knowing mumbo it could also be him just not fully stacking his items
0:58 hello Zedaph.
Suggestion: reorder the list so the first farm you do is in the middle, then the next on the right, then one on the left, and so on, alternating right and left.  That way the lit part stays centered on the walkway to keep it from looking lopsided, and when you inevitably extend the checklist outward it doesn't look awkward.
But Mumo you “ love his back”
You could try putting small tower things to those corners to change it up a lil, it would make it look bit higher too and it's a good opportunity to have the darker shade there.
4:37 As a former citizen from Belgium I can definitely say we exist and yes Belgium is a country.
(Cough, Cough) thats what she said
I love yor content
Love your vids
I think it would look cool if you put archways in every corner
The pillars are uneaven the middle is one block to high :\
The base is looking very sustainable! Keep up the sus- ahem. Keep up the great work 👍
did the "chafe to bits" from the summoning circle make mumbo a builder?
Put a prismarine sloped roof over the build to make it bigger and darker maybe even just on the corners, love the content Mumbo. Keep it up.
Mumbo’s statue of lib       erty is my favorite thing
“I have way more stuff than I thought I did, and I haven’t even began to go through Grian’s stuff yet”
you could have your trading hall on the same level as the walkway then have a filtering system so all the things you need to trade with are there when you need them?
Im from Belgium so i can confirm, Belgium is a real ass country...
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
Hey Mumbo you should get Hermit Dares that Iskall started up with the dare stick it was so funny and everyone just stopped bring it back also another great farm for you to make would be a Basalt Generator not that hard to make Tango made a really good one before and i know you could come up with something awesome
Every video, your humor gets better and better
Grian should start just building enormous waffles on the back side of everything he builds
I'm working on a super secret project that I can say nothing about. *YOU FAILED* you said something about it,
0:38 nope lost my voice last episode 😂
Im so happy I’ve been watching grians series
as a civil engineer minecraft drives me mad i try to build crazy fantasy things but there not structurally stable lol
Do a kelp farm for fuel
Ah yes the base is very SUStanabul
00:27 among us
Very American use for copper
"I'm aware thunk is not a real world"  - Mumbo Jumbo "Allow us to introduce ourselves"  - JavaScript programmers
I feel like Mumbo would get on with Mike Wozniak
Nobody:  Mumbo: I have a pillar there a pillar there and a pillar there   Elytbeatmaker: WRITE THAT DOWN WRITE THAT DOWN  Me: Remmmmmmmix
Cool video!
Lib     Erty
Great episode
No mumbo Belgium isn't a country, unless it is world cup time.
every time i see a mumbo upload it tickles my pickle
0:10 and 0:28 green Among us
Mayor, CEO, King... What next?
Mumbo’s moth side is starting to show in this episode, lol
"it has no back, but that's quite fitting" ouch
The chaotic way you present/talk in your vids is why i love you vids and long or short timelapses it dousn't matter i like it anyway
“I haven’t even started to look through Grian’s stuff yet!”  True
You should add soul sand only in the center blocks of the water pillars. That way it will look cool and water will not spill everywhere
More and more is it sustainable wow Mumbo you impress me every epidsode
I immediately began laughing after Mumbo put the copper on Grian's base lol
mumbo you literally told grian that you love his back in last life, no need to be in denial, he does have a great back
For those water pillars (idk if this is possible to do without the water spilling out) you should put skulk sensors going through the middle with gaps in between. It will give it that little detail so its not just a flat blue color and the skulk sensors have your whole color scheme on them already. Plus when you fly by the pillars will make noises😁
Mumbo can you do me a favor and build your industrial furnac eeeeeee in a E shape ?
“Belgium isn’t a country. It’s a mistake!” - a quote from someone after WW2. But to be fair, so is Switzerland.
mumbo is on the move, he is using a different mike, another movie perhaps?
The description was written by an alien
Agree about forrest gump
Not trying to be an attention seeker but I am genuinely excited when mumbo jumbo posts
13:12 yes it is at least in the movie industry of where one of the characters in The Croods is named "Thunk"
4:37 yes Belgium **is** a real country, just look at a map next time
i'm sorry but after the half a year break you took, I don't enjoy watching anymore. See you later
If you build a villager system then you can get golden carrots through trading. But I guess building a carrot and gold farm is more fun. Also the gold farm should definitely be built in the nether instead of overworld
useless
Mumbo still asking about timelapse length when he used to do 3 timelapses an episode back in Season 5 🙃 Three times a week, I might add! 😄
I can say with confidence that Belgium is a real country
that time-lapse was perfect length even slightly longer wouldnt hurt
You shuld make a copper farm 20:39
Where is Grian? As soon as Mumbo came back, I thought they’d be collabing all the time and having fun like the olden days, but instead Grian’s just been gone for two months.
if you're struggling with the build looking too bright, you should try including blackstone in the base. i think blackstone bricks will look very nice where the normal stone brick line is in the path
…how bout a *data farm.*
That’s what she said
i know that next season is pretty far off, but i think a copper bank idea would be cool, like you have people deposit copper bars and you make the machine to oxidize it, so you give people reason to "deposit" copper, that being interest. so like banks do with interest rates and such, but you could also get into copper loans and have an enforcement crew (scar and grian) to go beat people up for copper or other payment if they don't make their copper payments on time
It would be lovely if all your farms had purpose! A lot of the times you just build massive farms and the items sit there in chest never being used
A pilla' there and a pilla' there, please no one remix that, as it won't make a very good song. 😅
hello
IVE GOT A PILLADEERE
See Grian, Mumbo posted a hermitcraft video before two months passed.
How many hrs do u have on mc
Yesss!
MAKE THE GROUND THAT THE POSTS STAND ON LIKE TREES OR SOMETHING (the water pillars)
0:25 SUStainable
He should vary the heights  on the street lamps like the warped stem in his vault
slime farm?
You could put a small roof on each corner to change the height of the walkway and provide a "rest" point as well!
iskal
this is actually such a high iq play, the pillars take so little resources
I love how jumbo is worried about the water pillars being unrealistic, while Grains base is entirely floating rocks 😂
You should try little gazebos on the corners perhaps? idkr
Man, imagine this pillar being made in a swamp, the green water would be amazing
To keep the viewers attention during timelapses try talking about whats happening during it and what to look at. Avoid music. You're welcome.
Pausing about 45s in... We will see how it goes but that sounds like the RCE Signal...  Bridge Review!
I've just noticed the Mac orange microphone is being used icon in th top right corner Can't wait for this to drive me insane
I thing i have never hear the word pillar this many times in a singel video
Guys Belgium is actually a real country, i live in it
Mumbo's storage system is not only one as Grian's, as almost all his resources are from Grian, he's also getting more and more disorganized and closer to having his own chest monster.
Me, a civil engineer: AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
eeee 19:49
Me getting 2 ads as soon as I click on the video... then hears today's video is sponsored.  Clicks off
4:37 as a Belgian i can confirm its not actually a real country, we're all just paid actors
"You might end up with a dolphin highway, you might end up with an entire civil war" Or a waffle  You might end up with a waffle    That might also be the supreme overlord of several wafflernate realities.  Goodbye
You should make the first part of your base have pointy bits, and hopefully make it more menacing
Yes belgium is in fact real
Thunk isn’t a real word? Equip a turtle shell with subtitles turned on
It's strange to say but I think Grians shenanigans keeps him sane he's been without them so long he's gone a bit mad
A cool idea might be to build pipes connected to the underneath of the water 'spouts' holding the bridge, as if the pipes were pushing all the water pressure up holding up the bridge.
Mumbo: "I occasionally like the smell of my dogs farts, am I a bad person?"  Yes Mumbo, yes. And please go see a therapist.
Am i the only one who spotted a green Among us character in  Mumbo's build
I remember when at the begining of season 7 he said I will make an Iron farm...my mind was blown. As in "You can farm iron?!?!?!?!?!?"  Now he put it in the list and I'm like "Yeah whathever pffft. ALL HAIL ZE G.O.A.T."  Have I become a Minecraft Nerd?????????????????????????
Nice!
For the bridge, I would make a small arch that goes over the dark prismarine slabs and copper parts to break up the height a bit
Time lapse was perfect. And talking over it worked well
eeeeeeeeeee
can’t wait to see the final product!
19:49 eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
This might be too late to change this, but everything on your build looks too samey. You can space out the pillars in the middle and increase the width of the pillars at the corners to bring those out more. It’s just a bit busy on the eyes right now.
i though the copper statue just was a carrot with a fire next to it
i wish you would go back to what you used to do in you vids and builds   i dont like the new style  sry
Mumbo! While you were away, Hermitcraft gained a copper farm so productive it can break the server!
The test farm needs to go back on the board. This is not optimal.
That opening with the red background made me think the old intro was coming back, despite the odds, and I was ready to throw something across the room.
Words are still words even if not officially placed in a proper language dictionary all that is required is it's spelling and use ie if more than 100 people use or know the word and their is a known way to spell it it is a legit word, slang is its own language subset and the only difference is no set spelling. Language is always evolving so if it's common use it's official words dictionaries just don't get updated as much as language evolves heck modern times and we're leaning into a mono language thanks to social media and modern community and entertainment. As we interact its natural to add new terms and replace existing ones.  So only in academics does it matter as they have to keep to official dictionaries for ease of understanding. But everywhere else language is evolving.
I think soul-fire would look better than the froglights on the lampposts
We're gonna be looking at lamps 😅 ah , mumbo 😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹
Did Mumbo say thunk isnt a word....? Silly billy
An extra kettle fish 😭
superb lenght of timelaps! 10/10 would recomment!
You could put a pagoda on the four corners where you removed the lamps (or any other arched cover)
Hearing Mumbo saying "Pillar here, pillar there, technically a pillar over there" reminded me of the old "Hopper hopper" song.
Screams in civil engineering 😂🫶🏻
I don't know if you've already come to some other conclusion that you're fully happy with, but for the lamps you could have the normal small ones and then four large ones, one for each corner.
I think Grian is winning the prize because he got the rare tall grass inside a chest he found
Wouldn't all those farms lag the server?
Actually mumbo, in the life series you said to grian: "just kidding, I love your back" which means you probably know he has a back
You need a gunpowder farm to go with the sugar can farm to then make rockets
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID peepoLeave
18.09 mysterius fartsounds???
15:52  Kettle of fish?? I’ve never heard anyone say that before 😂
It would be very childish of me to talk about the base layout
I personally think I prefer the longer timelapses. It kinda represents the amount of time it took to make for the creator in the context of the video and leaves space for more slow paced talk
All I have to say to the title is…. That’s what she said😢
18:50 anyone notice that mumbo just spoiled that season 10 won’t be when 1.20 comes
Sustainable ☠️
As someone who lives right next to the Netherlands, i can confirm that Belgium is, in fact, not real.
14:22 Mumbo, have you forgotten about *the waffle?* Also you've complimented his back(side) before, so hmm Also, I friggin love Mumbo's ever-returning existential questions, in this case about burgling your own decapitated head
Careful about the lamps. You might get a visit from a army of moths.
Can anyone explain to me why in the sustainable amogus is cyan concrete grey?
Looks awesome. Maybe it’s worth to try and design some sort of copper farm or pay someone to do it with your diamonds.
just by the desktop i can tell that footage isnt from you... mostly the fact that its niot a mac but also why would you have resolve and something from wodnershare?
Hey Mumbo, I think you missed a couple of things.  First, a moss farm, which can then be used as a bone meal farm. Second, you probably want some kind of industrial size fuirnace array for smelting. (At least I think you missed that one.)
where's you moustache gone, you look nothing like you should
Eeeeeeee
I want to see Real Civil Engineer to come post about Mumbo's bridge.
20:45 WATHT
idk if i like the new mic
Petition to add "Thunk" to the english dictionary
We need more Timelapse
YES HE LIKES FORREST GUMP MUMBO KEEPS GETTING COOLER
Love your stuff dude. Hope you keep it up and I have been watching for around 2 years
That vault key is possibly the most precious and rare item on the server!
Add soul sand in the bottom so that bubbles form in the water and it looks like there's pressure in the water.
Can I ask why its taking forever for new videos I love you and your content and this is not something against you I love you mumbo I just thought I'd ask
That's what she said
the sign is the return of "why cobble here?"   "why sign here?"
absolutely amazing as always, thanks for great videos and I am looking forward to next one. feel like 10 again when i was waiting one week for next naruto episode.
as always entertained by the totally natural episode description
i think a good idea would be putting mini clock towers on the 4 corners of your base
When I saw the 1st second of the vid, I thought you were bringing back the old intro ☠️
I love how much deliberation Mumbo puts into every single little thing he puts on his builds
Mumbo you better not be making a neural network...
i think everyone has collectively agreed that mumbo is a good builder by now, apart from mumbo.
It’d be interesting to turn the checklist into a control center so the farms can be enabled/disabled with those levers
Apparently the waffle is just Grian's incomplete back?
Every time Mumbo talks about his pillars... it makes me think of my very southern great aunt telling me about her designer PILLOWS
Mumbo aparantly loves grians back, and yet has never seen it... Suspicious...
Grian hasn’t started a civil war in a while…
Another option for the lamps "busyness" would be to drop a lamp on one of the sides. Like alternating the lamps, has it happens on the streets: one on the left only, next only one on the right, and so on
Im going to connect to the hermitcraft with that vpn mumbo, MARK MY WORDS!
19:49 My tinnitus be like:
Add iron bars to the wall posts
Pillar remix when? 😂❤
Why do you need a gold farm to get Golden Carrots? You're going to have a boatload of Farmers, I'm betting at least a few of them will sell Golden Carrots.
14:21 do you mean the waffle?
Long timelapses pls
Your time-lapse made me smile, so you're clearly doing it right.
Did I mishear that or did you admit to a really weird fetish in that sponsored bit? I also could have mistranslated from queEnglish. Or is it kInglish now? kInglés? prIngles?
i don't know what it is about mumbo's hermitcraft episodes that just make me feel so cosy and comforted <3
I think I know where your diamonds came from
I wonder if the big farm chunk is actually a slime chunk :D Would be a shame if not and you'd need to move the whole building.
Mumbo, ur making me blue blind, I had to sqint to see the lamp post. AND I HAVE PERFECT VISION.
Your base is looking mighty sustainable, Mumbo
its very fun for me to build my houses that looks like trash cans XD
Mumbo is going to burn grian with all the roasts
OFCOURSE BELGIUM IS A REAL COUNTRY! That's where i live haha
All of your farms will make your base even more sustainable
I would suggest maiking the lights in the lamposts a warmer color like orange/red/yellow to contrast the blacks and blues of the rest of the build
And better!!
you should add some arches that will make the area so much more eye pleasing
Haven't heard mumbo say "piston feed tape" in a while...
Bro made among us into his base again
It has been a month since grain published so sad
Posted 59 minutes ago
That’s what she said
you can have a bubble stream at only the centre block of the 3 by 3 water column that way it won't spill out
Mumbo I hope we can see you in the next Life series
Mumbo, I think it would really add to the base if your made the industrial zone seem like a power source for the rest of the build, like a power plant that's transferring energy throughout the base.
i wonder if rce approves
ooohh, there's a LOT of "pillar"-lines in this episode that would be really great for a remix lol the VERY BEST part is prolly 2:49 but the whole pillariness starts at 2:39 :)))
"I don't think I've ever seen the back of Grian" Poor waffle
time lapse length was good; not too short and not too long
* The way Mumbo randomly turns posh at 20:12 to say "Overworld gh0ld farm?" has had me replaying that clip for 5 minutes
Hi Mumbo! I know you've said you're done with the top of the bridge for now, but if you ever feel like it's not quite right I had the idea of some gazebo/pergola structures over the corners of the bridge (and possibly in the middle of each long section) just to add a bit more solid difference in shape and looks. In my head they're pendentive/dome-styled, with possibly a froglight wrapped in trapdoors at the top to form a cupola structure. I feel like it could create a very nice "walled garden" feeling without detracting from the imposing stature. Like I said I know you're happy with what you've got at the moment and by no means am I suggesting you should change it (it looks really cool as is, dude) - I just wanted to share what I had in my mind.
Mumbo is just asking for a remix from elybeatmaker.... "Pillar here, pillar there" 2:42 🤣
is this the start of The Great Copper War of Season 9???
15:19 when there is a lamp in the top right of the screan I think he wanted an excuse to let some lamps lag into his inventory  this is just a joke
Grow carrots, potatoes, and wHeat, sell them to villagers, buy golden carrots. Best golden carrots.
Concept to fix the corners of the bridge - Pagoda-esc towers/roofs/covers. Something to, rather than lower the corners, raise the instead just slightly over the rest of the lamps.
If you plan on using nether portals for a gold farm, maybe look into having a froglight farm aswell, specifically a verdant one.
Potential suggestion for the variance in the lamp heights. Have them alternate in how tall the lampposts are.  Also, you could potentially use the checklist as a control center to enable and disable farms.
mumbo :D
Mumbo, add one massive pillar in the middle of the base
103047th
🦆
i think it would look cool to also have the pillars on top as well, make the
Literally just bought up with Mumbai and he posts a new video right when I finish 12, so happy
I love it        BUT  Its not the same without grian WE NEED SOME MORE GRIAN AND MUMBO STUPID and fun content
year long series episode 13... god damn
^ that's what she said ^ I                                         I
I assure u that 23.45 seconds per time laps is the perfect length. I did a lot of math to get that answer. I assure you it took a while. And I assure you if you use that length in your next video you will be ASSURED to get more views. Thank u
Why no one is talking about e ?
Title of this video is kind of sus
Very SUStainable base there
"Is Belgium actually a real country" is something Belgians ask themselves everyday 😂
What a treat! Mumbo AND Iskal85 putting out videos on the same day...
Do you wanna know what else is big?
A Belgian was offended in the watching of this video xDD
The build is looking great! However, I do have a little pickle with it. The pillars to from the support to the bridge seem to feel quite flat. Maybe putting something around them or in between them might help with that? Maybe you could build mini farms in between each pillar (they would be fun challenges to create as well). You could even possibly create rooms with really anything you want in-between the pillars. I think filling up that area wouldn't be like one big project, rather, just something to do on the side, maybe they could be worked on during days where base there isn't much base progress, etc. Idk just some idea, hopefully you find this helpful, if you find this comment at all lol!
copper farm?
ive never heard someone say pillar so much, it started to sound like "caterpillar"
the length of timelapse i believe should fit the length of whatever you try to say, I love your unique style of talking about whatever random thing during a timelapse  P.S Belgium is only a country on paper
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE IS BIGGER?
You could do a copper ager in the industrial district
Could you put a beacon under the water to make a light going through it or do waters block beacons
Lesgoooo
Secret project, hmmm....
2:50 why do I feel like this is going to get remixed 😂
Mumbo please build a massive square industrial spire to world height
what if at the end of the bridge you eat a chorus fruit that puts you in a room with a combination key to a back door into the vault?
I think your bridge would look better if you only removed the light posts next to each corners, and left the corner ones in
AHHHHH
For the lamps problem you could do some lamps lower then the others, one tall one medium, one tall, one medium, etc and it will change the leveling
AMONG US
I mean, water gushing down a bridge does seem like a fun and possible way of lifting a bridge.
Yess Belguim is a countrey, im in it...
WOOL FARM
12:51 season 8 reference
Is belgium actually a real country? Excuse me?😂
I gotta admit, those Blue Ornaments/Glasses/Banners/Pillars/Templates on the Thumbnail looks very good and it would be a shame if it were tore down
imagiunt the title without context
The acceptable length of time lapse hinges entirely on the music used for said timelapse. 4 minutes? Scar's superfastbuildmode song goes hard. Polka not so much
I really want to see his base in the nighttime, i think it would look cool with all the lamps
I think the lamps on every-other pillar, including corners, would be really nice.
Do more redstone
As a Belgian, I do sometimes wonder if this is a real country myself.
MUMBO ! u have to change the bridge's froglight with the slab above by redstone lamps with a daylight sencor !
What's an ion farm?
Mumbo: our base got considerably more sustainable.  Everyone who watched his season 8 of hermitcraft: He did it he said the thing!
Mumbo your base look a little Sus
Advice: Mumbo, you can add a bublevator in the center of the pillars. If they're 3x3 then you can make the middle source blocks and the rest flowing. you can only go up the middle part but it still works
If I’m burgling my own head then I’d be doing a Justice! Clearly someone else burgled by head and I’m burgling it back, making it no longer burgled from me but burgled from them- my head!!  Also with the lamps on the bridges, maybe try varying sizes- what I mean is make one a bit taller, then the next smaller, and so on, and kinda make a wave style pattern of lamps to break up the height level a bit
You know. From Mumbo's Perspective Grains base kinda looks like a Giant Hand that's about to Grab a rock!
I‘d say the „perfect“ Timelapse length is in this.. intermediate?.., flexible spanned 30-45 seconds. It‘s not so short you can‘t quite realise what is going on in it and just short enough not to get bored from you zooming by without interaction.
Impulse dying being included in other Hermits’ perspectives is great. Etho may be redeemed now.
lady liberty looks like a carrot
You know what would be sick is if you could dye lamps different colors and they shone that color
Yes Belgium is a real country, we even speak 3 languages, and we broke the record of the country that had no government for the longest time (like 2 years), you can pretty much say that we are a small neighborhood.
I thought you liked grians back.. 🤔
shulker farm
The civil engineers are screaming because they are not the ones that do the structural engineering.
I love that Mumbo is using levitation tech to float aesthetic rings of all things!
Gem and her head thievery
i see another sus thing in this base mumbo. Perhaps the sign does it all?
He thinks his the richest hermit and holds all of hemitcraft diamonds.  He clearly hasn't meet doc, someone that builds his redstone on diamond ore blocks, he has mombo diamonds like 60 times over.
I kinda want to see some of the 'builder' hermits try to make his base better, once it's done. I wonder how they would change it (not saying it's bad, I'm just curious)
Mumbo didn't realise someone completely changed his base outline to among us using white block🤣
Grian grianed him!
I agree Forrest Gump is the best movie of all time 💯
Gotta love the creativity needed to make a tiny Statue of Liberty out of the same materials as the real one! I hope Grian leaves it!
nice
yes
4:36 Hey! 😠🇧🇪
One of the farms should be.... a slime farm, lol
Erty
It's better
use item frames, it will look cooler for checklist
only been 58 mins since this came out has 87k views
Does he really like the smell of his dogs farts????
if someone doesn’t remix him talking about the pullers i will be stunned
Couldn't you try varying the lamp heights on the bridge? That might solve the monotonous nature of the sight line
Grians Bases theme is like time travel and builds from diferenr eras, so Statues of liberty makes sence in his build
Mumbo I love your fourth wall breaks.  They are amazing!  I don't know how long I like time lapses to be - the obvious answer is "as long as they're still interesting", but how is that defined?  I'm not a video editor, I'm just a viewer.  But if I had to guess, I think I'd say somewhere "in the middle", maybe where it looks like I'm watching at 8-16x real speed?  Your sense of humor and the blunt way you describe things and talk about designs and ... everything always makes me smile.  Thank you for just being you!
Grian is going to be all over those levers thinking that they do something
why did you use water instead of lava?
Eat your cereal
Since mumbo said chicken farm I now wish he would give us the most mega over the top chicken farm to bring back poultry man
maybe instead of lamps some archways? Maybe would be nice like on the walking place
Erm. Looks average to me
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
I'm something of an inventor, if you want I can help design some mechanical builds for your base!
If you make another story I think a lava version of the waterfall thing would be cool,maybe an inverse of the color scheme thier to Edit:maybe do it in the nether as well? Like having a overworld and nether version of a base
this is not mumbo this is a fake
15:37 - 15:53 Mumbo Jumbo out of context
the „thinking… thinking… THINKING… I have thunk“ just cracked me up. gonna use that from now on
Mumbo is officially a builder now
14:30 Please, grian clearly has a back. Where else would he keep his waffle?
Poor choice of words in the title mumbo😅
Quick Portuguese lesson: The word for one's umm... sausage in portuguese is "pila"  Guess how Mumbo pronounces pillars this WHOLE VIDEO.   Yes, I am incredibly immature, thx for noticing :)
Yes!!! New video!
8:10 That Mumbo is a Spy!
I should be studying for my exams right now but mumbo uploaded
Put a covered pagoda in the corners ...
This is the second time Mumbo made a SUS base.
You could always try to build some battlements in the corners or where the path crosses. To add some variety
Mumbo your substantial to sustainable ratio seems a bit off..
I remember in 1997 there was a German  anchor by the name Nebuzburzimbeletbagkerimta since you skipped the name I will not tell you the whole story.
What is this 'sustainable' thing? Is it a joke? (I feel like that one guy who responded "is that a dick joke?" when I asked if they know who camellia is...)
I recommend replacing the signs with item frames filled with an item representing the farm as that looks better. I also still think you should replace the smooth stone on the bridge walkways for something darker like deepslate, that would help with the bridge not looking as bright as it does right now compared to the vault
I think the bridge could look even more varied if you added roofs portions to its corners.
Good to have you back on the server :-D
So much great out of context Mumbo
love the new mic
"More substantial; And darker still" Would make a great memoir title
Here's a video idea, a stream where you answer questions and collect resources/build.
Regarding timelapses and montages: Use them as you have so far; as visual filler for vaguely related monologues.  Most builders make a ten minute video of hours of their work, and fill the audio with repetitive songs, forcing viewers to either fast forward or mute.  You however, maintain interest by talking about something, even if it's about the timelapse process itself, ending the timelapse once you have nothing left to say.  I'd say that's a better long term strategy.
YEASY
Among us
What about the rings around the water
14:27 I guess that one line in Last Life meant nothing
Tag Two: Bugs Boogaloo   We must make this a reality.
You need to grow a moustache
Grian: Chobblesome Mumbo : *ThUnK*  🤣🤣🤣
4:37 no Belgium isn't a country
A portal based gold farm could be the way to go, which could use a chunk loader that's only active when you're on a pressure plate, to avoid it continuing if you get disconnected, and used like an XP farm for Looting to further add to the rates.  Depending on the rates, using 2 hopper minecarts, with 1 hopper above and 4 below each, to quickly pick up the items could be helpful to ensure everything gets collected.
A pillar here? - A pillar there? - A pillar everywhere!
We do like beefy builds here.
I like how he brings in his hobbies (photography/cinematography) into his videos. It really feels like Mumbo is more than just a “guy who does redstone”
"Im not sure I've seen the back of Grian" .... .. . "im sorry Grian, I love your back"
Base is looking good.  Personally, I would put the lights in the corners and the middles, leaving the space between them open.
I think the midpoint of each bridge (and I mean from corner to corner) could do with a canopy of some sort. Higher than the street lamps, making a sort of upside down V with the sight lines for the base overall.
As a Belgian I can say with pride that no, Belgium is not real country. But we're very good at pretending to be one. Hope that solves that mystery for your Mumbo.
🗽
Can confirm. Belgium is not a real country. I live there. it's surreal.
Thats what she said.
yes, Belgium is a real country, it's f*cked, but it's real
Let's go, we love when it gets bigger?
I was going to go to sleep but then a British man told me to check YouTube.
Mumbo; a thought. Since those water pillars are 3x3 and some will connect to a walkway, why not put a 1x1 bubblevator in them to give them some animation and practical purpose? Because they're 3x3 anyway they won't need glass or iron bars to keep the water source blocks from spilling outward.
Yes, belgium is in fact a real country.
i personally like the longer time lapses, they can be very relaxing and its just nice to listen to you talk about random things in your life with that music playing under it and some cool footage! c:
Uhm I live in Belgium so I am pretty sure it's a country
Your not the only one that likes bugs
Longer time lapse than this one please. Nice video
Grian's backside =🧇
I think mumbo forgot the builders first rule. Trust the process. There will always be an ugly i dont like it phase.
Mumbo! Ask xisuma for copper! His copper amount is kinda like you with diamonds, so much that he doesnt know what to do with
Mumbo jumbo spreading misinformation that grian has no ass
I did not realised how I miss this kind of spoonity until watching this very episode
Obviously Mumbo has forgotten when he told Grian, “I love your back”
“Imagine if everything that youve looked out on the internet was visible, or *Audible* “ Mumbo next video: “This video is sponsered By *Audible* .
Wooo!! This base is sick. I love watching it come along
i even think that time lapse could have been judge as "too long" but I enjoy listening to you panic to it was perfect
It's 3:48 in the morning here right now and i was just about to sleep
Don’t get too bogged down by small things like timelapse length, it’s one of those things that you notice it more than anyone else because you did it. That being said, I think personally slightly faster is better? Whatever pace impulse uses is really nice :)
RCE is fuming rn
> Be Mumbo > Joke about being the richest hermit whilst being actually poor > Leave the server for a few months > Have the most diamonds on the server out of nowhere.  *Great success.*
Express VPN after seeing mumbo accepted their sponsor:       :) Express VPN after seeing what a good job Mumbo did with the sponsor:         :>>> Express VPN after realizing mumbo fans never skip his sponsor:             :DDDDD  Jokes aside good job on the video mumbo, having u back on hermitcraft feels like a delight ❤
After a 2 week wait I have to say I'm Chuffed to bits with another hermitcraft episode
That base looking really sustainable 🫦
Thunk is a word, it's a sound, stuff can fall with a thunk
You should have those rings in the water at different heights
That’s what she said.
instead of making a gold farm for golden carrots, i feel like making a raid farm and then trading vith villagers for golden carrots might be more efficient. (although gold farms do look dope and give a lot of exp)
Don't say anything about beginning, I live in Belgium and I don't like you saying Belgium is not a country.
18:57 Did mumbo just leak the information that Hermitcraft 9 will continue still on 1.20? O_O
Woo!!! Wonderful!!! MUMBO!👍👍👍
The statue of lib
Only in hermit craft, can someone say “ gem is  stealing heads again just try to ignore it”
why not get golden carrots from villagers mumbo?
That's What She Said
Mumbo, don't make a lava farm, in 1.20 you can make an infinite lava source!!!!
I think Mumbo put more thought into whether or not burglaring your own head is illegal than some of his videos😂😂
16:00 Mumbojumbo has made the advancement 'brainmelt'
He should try to make a redstone contraption in hypixel skyblock.
Should waterlog the warped steps an bridges
I think it's okay if the vault looks more imposing, because it's the vault, but also because it will come together more when you have more built.  I think you'll have a better idea of what to do with details like the lamps when you have the main structures up. Edit: I meant the lamps at 8:59
For the timelapse thing, I think Scar has nailed it. He tends to have a build up talking as the song starts then it begins and generally lasts as long as the song does. He turned lupus howling into a terraforming meme.
Another “sus” template
I have been watching you for like 6 years now! love the videos keep it up!
Here a pillar There a pillar Everywhere a pillar Old McMumbo had a farm Ee I Ee I oh
Hi
I thought that was a farm
FYI, yes Belgium is a real country. Otherwise…. Where am I….
I think you may honestly need to just make the path a little wider, or actually just REPLACE some bricks with the dark tiles
I never realized how nice a place mumbo has irl
I am the 69th thousand person to see this video
Great building lingo mumbo
maybe a copper farm would be helpful early-ish on?
Note: your currently nonresisting neighbour has a tree farm - ianxofour's design- that works (self sutainably) with huge fungi ;-)
Glad to see grian active again
Mumbo! You can Put Bubbles in the waterpillars with kelp!
HERMITCRAFT TIMEEEEEEEE!!!1!111!!
This is gonna get good. Im getting excited to not just watch another Mumbo video, but to watch this Industrial District evolve. There looks to be quite a bit of innovation involved.
If your going to have a dedicated farm for gold, you ought to monetize it, secure your position as the richest hermit by selling the golden carrots you have in excess
Replacing the copper at Grians Base is going to turn into another Season 8 Tree war but with copper 🤣
Bigger, Better, Stronger
YAY
I'm french !
6:28 so basically it’s a tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny timelaps?
If Mumbo "isn't a builder", we're all doomed.
Me when i see ur mom
why does the outline look a little sus ;)
mumbo embracing his inner moth in this vid
Not only civil engineer but mechanical engineer is also screaming 😱
Try having the lamps stick out from the side of the wall. Also maybe making some small arches would look good
"Pillar here, pillar there, and, a pillar there!" Eli, this stuff is gold!
YES BELGIUM IS A REAL COUNTRY!
I get the sense cleo will be opening that vault, and finding out that mumbo is in fact the richest hermit
Waiting for the musicians to make a remix out of "a pillar there"
I love how sus your base is
I'm going to get lost in the comments, but what you could do for your lamp posts try differentiating the hights of the posts. One taller one shorter that will help with your flat horizon look. 😀
I'm loving the self-conscious Mumbo Arc!
Dont give Grian more skin ideas. Sideways Grian still haunts my mind, I dont need "no backside" Grian on top.
About timelapses length: if you're using Scars or Keralis music: Longer is better ❤️
nuuuu, grian's waffle is on his back
Mumbo wasn’t even phased by the shrieker 😎
Yay love ya vids
If you build up the center of your bridge way [taller]  than the bridges themselves... should take some of the busy feeling away
Mumbo, use the 60 30 10 rule. You're into filming so I assume you're familiar  You can apply the rule to both the color palette and the morphology of the structure. It would fix the issue of all the visual noise coming from the excess of detail. (Disclaimer: I havent played minecraft in 10 years)
this microphone sounds bad you should go back to the previous one
Put a waffle on the back of the statue.
18:55 I kinda love how midway through near every hermit craft season there's an update.
For right now he shows a more prominent interest in building, coupled with the "waffle" on the back of his head.  If symptoms worsen, it may be time to ask Grumbot.
On the sus part of your base you should make walls out of water.
Ah yes. Mumbo planing his lag bomb structure. Nice!
keep the lamps around the edge but remove the inner ring of lamps as once you start adding farms and stacking them up, you'll want a bit more of a lower railing / open viewing from the bridge
Stop Mathing this is Minecraft
Omg mumbo the redstone buy is becoming a builder 😂
All my mind goes too when he says pillar "Sugarcane pillar Sugarcane brickwall, Sugarcane pillar Sugarcane brickwall"
Love that we where talking about someone who had a dulpcate of your head and you stealing it.
That’s what she said
What if you made little Gazebos at the edges of your build?
"Another pillar here, another pillar there" -the remix    One can only wish
New mumbo video? Yeah I'll drop everything im doing and drop a comment for engagement
‘It’s bigger’ What the moon?
Ooooooooooooh yeaaaaaaa baby!!!!!!!!!
I still can't get over his "sustainable" center to his base
You should wax just like a single block of copper on the Statue of Liberty. Although it might not last, because I heave a feeling Grian might just rebuild it as something else anyway. Anyway, great video! Love how the build is coming along!
Secret project Mumbo can say nothing about? Iskall starting his solo Vault Hunters series from the beginning and saying he'll be inviting some friends along at times.  Coincidence??...Yeah, it might be. This base though. THE BASE! I don't know what it is. Maybe it's the use of water for pillars that I just can't get over.
Mumbo: it’s bigger Bob: it’s trigger James: it’s ni-👴🏻
VPNs and their hacks are relatively old called a “sniffer” and “shield”
thunk is a word, just not used the way you think
You could add arched roofs connecting every other "set" of lamposts so that there are three different and distinct levels of hight.
Why is his base always sus? I mean... Sustainable...
"I don't know if I've seen the back of Grian" whatever happened to your quote Mumbo, "Don't worry Grian, I love your back."
omg yes
You can try to make middle blocks of water source blocks by growing kelp there, and then after destroying it, use magma/soul sand under it!
That's what she said.          (look at the title)
You should use the water pillars to transport items from your farm into a centralized storage room!
At 11:25 i thought he was going to say "when in doubt go without" So it would rhyme but I guess not
I mean is it even Hermitcraft if you're NOT constructing a tiny copper statue of liberty on Grian's base?
19:49  eeeeee
Me waiting for mumbo to put mega industrial furnace like 🤔
my favorite part is when he said it's hermitcraft time and proceed to hermitcraft all over the place
Am I the only one that watches mumbos ads just because it is mumbo making them?
I remember when mumbo's hemitcraft bases were even remotely close (in size) to scar's base, no offence they are still amazing
It’s what?
Bee farm? For the honey blocks for piston contraptions
1 minute for a timelapse is good for me
Mumbo jumbo is my favorite building youtuber
I'm sure there are lots of comments like this but I always love how much care goes into your redstone rooms that you do outside of hermit craft videos. I wonder if it would be fun to maybe make hermit escape rooms taking some of the ideas that you use in your other videos?
That was the perfect timelapse length, SUStainable.
He should add a giant railgun on top
That was a perfect time lapse
The title is pretty sustainable 😅
_Ah Yes_ Time to Light My Furnac-eeee
It's not the size of the time-lapse that matters, it's how you use it😂
Mumbo posted! Awesome
YES BELGIUM IS AN ACTUAL COUNTREY DUDE WTF
A most sustainable build
Mumbo ....Jumbo'er
On Grian there is no back only one glorious waffle
as someone who lives in Belgium, i sure hope that it is actually a country
4:39 "What does a CEO do?" Season 8 was amazing, such good vibes. Such good sacrifices to the Boatem Hole...
Use kelp to make it look like it is being pushed up
Such a sus base...
Did you know: The Statue of Liberty is made of copper, and is only green because it oxidised!
Well grian hasn't uploaded hermitcraft in a while but at least we got mumbo and his builds.
Mumbo!
This video was sponsored by “HERMITCRAFT” thanks for watching bye.
I love the new planning
12:50 Yes. Very SUStainable.
I never thought mumbo kills-a-lot jumbo would make a reference to Dhar Mann but here we are
i reckon if you take out the four lamps in the middle of each bridge sections it may look better?
Cheesecake is good, like if yes and comment no if no
Little do you know, but dogs can read your thoughts but are unable to talk about what they hear.
The amount of people who have probably said ‘thunk’ out loud today 😂
15:53 - 16:00 is this a tabletop rpg prompt?
"A pillar here, a pillar there" at the start feels like it's going into the inevitable season 9 mumbo remix
Personally I think that what you might want to do is keep the corners with lamps and have not all of the straightaways covered, lamp corners, lampless section, lamp midpoint, lampless section, lamp corners
I love the part when he said "it's base building time!" and base builded around the place.
We need a new remix "Piller here, Piller there, Piller there, Piller here"
When I saw that background at the beginning of the video, I thought Mumbo had brought back his intro theme. Oh man, the nostalgia...
OMG LOOK ITS AN AMOGUS
Nooo I expected the water pillars to have a different length based on the terrain under the platforms
Your building schematic still looks suspicious though
19:49 E
Mumbo turning ibto a builder? The universe craves balance! By the laws of the universe. Grian has to turn into a redstoner now!
All those farms are gonna make you the one lagging the server again lol.
Mumbo you love grians back
19:49 A fly when it flies near my ear
lamps only on the outside?
i live in belgium and i dont even know if it is a country
LOL the outline of the middle build looks like a chunky among us
DIFFERENT MIC?
WOOO NEW EPISODE!!
To be honest, if your going for evil and cool, lava might work if water doesn’t cut it for you.
Lol mumbo is going through his minimalist faze.
looking good so far! maybe arches on the walkway every so often to break up the lamps?
2023 Grian builds redstone traps Mumbo makes lamp podcast
"Funk is not a real word" - Mumbo Jumbo (2023)
we need an elybeatmaker song about The Pillar!
Your making all your farms on top of each other, right? I recommend putting your storage system at the very very top with lots of windows with a bubble elevator or something fast like that so you don't need to fly up every time. The reason I think you should do this is because your storage system is going to be the area where you will be spending the most time at. I was thinking it could be nice to look out the windows and see the sky.
you have seen Grian’s back Mumbo, remember Last Life. You loved his back.
I love how mumbo doesn't even acknowledge the shrieker under the collectable stand
4:37 As a person from belgium i can asure you that it is not a country like trump said belgium is a beutifull city
The title: Its bigger Nobody: Me: That what she said.
WHY IS IT SO SUS EVERY TIME
Among us.
That’s what she said
I regret not seeing the first 8 seasons
After waiting for 2 weeks I have to say I'm chuffed to bits
that’s what she said
My favorite part is when he said, "It's hermitcrafting time"
DAY 3 OF ASKING FOR A GRAIM GRIAN STATUE
I remember years ago, when Mumbo mentioned that people commented his base looked sus  It still looks sus
MUMBO HAS FALLEN TO THE DARK SIDE HE HAS BEFOME A BUILDER BUILD EXPOSED REDSTONE IT IS THE CURE TO YOUR INSANITY WE NEED MUMBO BACK WE NEED THE REDSTONE GUY
listening to mumbos creative process is really inspiring tbh. Kinda makes me wanna open up minecraft and try a mega build myself even though I definitely do not have the time for that atm.
mumbo please have red bed not white thank you
copper war?
I love that Mumbo’s the richest hermit only cause he got the diamonds out of chance.
@RealCivilEngineerGaming bridge review?
Secret project? Different audio recording? Hmmmm
Hermitcraft 9: Episode 13 - IT'S BIGGER Hermitcraft 9: Episode 13 - IT'S FASTER Hermitcraft 9: Episode 13 - IT'S STRONGER TOO Hermitcraft 9: Episode 13 - IT'S THE FIRST MEMBER OF THE HC CREW
Correction: Grian has a waffle. Not a back.
mumbo is a moth 15:00
hmmm considering the 'structurally not so sound' pillars:  can you put colored glass in the middle and shine a beacon through it while not making the water flow everywhere? then it could have  a more force-fieldy vibe.... edit: i think it would also look good if the breacon beams go through the bridge...
1 - 2 minutes time lapses are good 👍
well hello there, glad you're coming back!
Iskall: Mentions future hermitcraft projects after talking to "hermits" Mumbo: Secret project ???? hmmmm...
I always love how sustainable mubo s bases are
Mumbo I don't think u were supposed to show us Grian's progress on his base.
"I thunk" Thank you mumbo for a new awesome english word
Loving the build process monologues
His base is always sustainable
Mumbo is starting a new tree war but with copper
In seoson 8 your base blueprints was sus and now you're seoson 9 base plan is sus WHAT IS THIS
00:14 - the thing that really annoys me is sponsored videos (sorry!) I wish youtubers used other methods of earning money from their work rather then irritating their viewers (okay, maybe just me) with ads. I personally don't really like Patreon either because of it's monthly subscription model and the unfortunate fact that a lot of youtubers ask  (in my opinion) far too much per month (as in - no low cost support options) This gets worse if you want to support multiple youtubers. I would really love to see youtubers make an option available where you can do a one time donation of however much you can / want to donate.  *Oh!* I should probably add that I don't particularly like exclusive content (maybe because I want to see all the content but I have no money so I can't - and even if I had some money I would never be able to justify the monthly cost for Patreon/YT Members/Other Services), but on the other hand what do you give in return for the money? Although something I have just thought of is maybe a discount on merch or something? Shout-outs could work for small channels, and I am sure someone could come up with other things.  Please be aware before anyone decides to write their angry reply that I am not trying to be rude or offensive or mean.
Build a shop with poultry in the name and sell raw iron and chicken.
0:26 amogus
Hey mumbo if you see this I think you should put shorter lamps on the corner that might help it
Mumbo releasing his inner builder Ps: your timelapses are fine
For the title... i just have to say it....THATS WUT SHE SAID
God this makes me want to play Minecraft again!
I was really hoping You will make the pillars different height: like the Bridges are all one level, but pillar bases depends on terrain. 😢
you know what im about to say  you aready know  dont go further               you are too far deep to go back now                             you chose this fate yourself                                               the videos title thats what she said
I’m gonna be honest mumbo I’ve also been very fond of thunking too throughout my life
another of my favourite video's cause it's from my favourite YouTuber.
14:57 CLEARLY you werent the kid who would ask to go to the lights section of home depot. lamps are interesting, lol
Why u didn't make a copper farm yet that will make your life a lot easier
There is no perfect timelapse length...we love your content either way
hi
mumbo: "is someone trying to oxidize copper in the most inefficient way possible?"  me, after seeing mumbo oxidize copper: *blinks slowly*  me, a few seconds later, realising the implications of a PILLAR: *heavy breathing* oh god not again, not another pillar war
16:35 yes it does.
3:21 "I haven't even started going through Grian's stuff yet!" - Probably the most Mumbo Jumbo thing I've ever heard
14:00 Grian’s back is a waffle
The biggest film producer in hermitcraft doesn't know timelapse length, it's perfect
Did u get a new mic? It’s sound really different
5:20 one of the shows...
Mumbo said “pillar” 15 times in 25 seconds if anyone was wondering
Acookiegod made an overworld gold farm in a recent hardcore episode
Mumbo I love your comedy and you are just great  Please like so he can see this messgae
mumbo casually giving a sneek peak on grians base
lesgoooo
As the richest hermit don't you owe it to your community to support their shops?  Xizuma is a great supplier of ready to use copper. Go shopping!
A kettle of Fish? I have never heard that before. I knew it as that’s a whole different story
A timelapse is the perfect length if it contains all it needs and no more.  - Lampe2020, april 30, 2023
You just lifted my day by infinity ♾ percent
ooooooooo
his base looks a bit sus
4:41 love the interior decoration
15:25 missed a glowstone you could have used for the lamp!
Another season, another AMONGUS
I don't know if you were planning on this but I would soul sand the pillars to make them look cooler just so it has the right amount of motion and the water is flowing the right way
Thunk
And thats how the great hermitcraft copper war of 23 began...
thats what she said
Bruh? The head...lmao!!! Dead💀
I love Mumbos Nord sponsorships cause he always gives good movie recommendations like last ones was ShawShank now its Forrest gump! Thanks mumbo much appreciated
7:09 it almost looks like a jail cell 🤣
"and i haven't even started going through grian's stuff yet XD
me turing on pivate internet vieving  : bye bye hackers  and need to spend money on vpn's
Mumbo is on some very sustainable stuff in this video.I for real got lost in his ponderations
Im going to take a guess and say that the secret has something to do with create.
Whats bigger😗
woot!! im one of the first 30000 people to watch this.
Hello i am a very good drawn triangle give me money
That's what she said.
I wonder if bumping the lanterns in the middle of the walkways up a block or two would look even better, it would give a sort of wave shape to the lanterns too.
WE'VE GOT PILLARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111
shorter timelapses are ok but they have to be accompanied with tiny tiny tiny tiny timelapse tiny tiny tiny tiny timelapse tiny tiny tiny tiny timelapse tiny tiny tiny tiny timelapse
4:39 “what does a CEO do?” Mumbo, you were the CEO of Boatem…
4:39 as someone from Belgium, I can confirm Belgium is NOT a real country.
Ooo is it just me or is Mumbo tweaking his Mic settings? Honestly kinda like it!!
lesson learned; read the terms and conditions before robbing your own head
Hi mumbo, What bike do you use?
that's what she said
Mumbo what could be cool for your base is having lamps on the outside of the walkway and then for the center have like a wrap around balcony and could look down into the vault
I can't get over how massive his GUI is! Its kinda funny NGL.
I always click as soon as I see an upload and these videos are always worth the wait! So don't pressure yourself to upload so much you burn out
yeeee
"thunk" is indubitably a satisfying word to say.
for second i belived Mumbo tries recreate Worms game on Grian's rocks with Coppers
Certified moustache content
You could put little towers or roofs in the corners of the bridge
Title:It’s bigger -That’s what she said
Please tell me that's an Incredibles reference
You could add some dark brown wood to the build.
Look at the title, now…  *that’s what she said*
"thunk"
cyan concrete mumbo?? that looked like cyan terracotta (despite it looking grey which still baffles me despite having it explained to me)
New microphone? Quality is abit... Echo'ish?
I have never seen the “[insert_username] was doomed to fall by [insert_username]” death message
Grian has a back. And its delicious!
Loved your new episode ! And Belgium does exist, we still survive :p
Try to make the corners maybe a little sharper?
but please do more redstone your braincells are becoming too shared with grian you literally swapped you do building now and grian is taking a break just like you
Ive been waiting for this so long
this made my day. I dont know if you read these mumbo but your videos are the most chobblesome things out there.
Maybe try only placing the lamps on the outer side of the walkway, reduce clutter slightly and keep the wave-y feel
I would actually say the build would look really good if you put towers in the corners. Not huge towers, just little guard post style things. Removing the posts was good, but towers would really help with the scale AND the leveling.  Also could make the tower base a little wider than the original corners, that way they stick out a bit and break up the shape of the original square.
When my daughter was very young she called caterpillars 'pillar pillar'.
I think that those lampposts look really good, but the blank corners look a bit odd. I would suggest that instead of leaving the corners off, you would just have the corners and the middles.
MUMBO JUMBO!!
can you show  us the map with all of the builds
THUNK
first
Screw the civil engineers, as an aerospace engineer I approve. Maybe not the most aerodynamic tho.
You were so good at building the mumbo❤
plz shout out
A roof on the bridge I think will top it all of
I miss the daily upload schedule. And I understand that it takes great amount of dedication and motivation so I'm not complaining. But I still miss the good old times
4:40...you are not a bad person...but i cant say tht is normal lol
“is Belgium actually a real country?” That is a question we have all asked.
Who needs music when someone is doing a time lapse when you have mumbo talking
That’s what she said
Love your builds, very relaxing to watch you build
Hey mumbo, are u gonna join the next season of the life seiries? You were great in last life
forrest gump is also on South African servers, just letting you know ( it is one of the best movies ever)
that's what she said                 sorry.
Can we get the cars back from s8 back?
Mumbo, my man, please don't overwork yourself. I am literally happy just seeing a notification saying that you uploaded. So please always take your time, be it a week or multiple.
Our multitalented Mumbo is a Redstoner, prankster AND a builder~ look at him go!
I guess Mumbo's base is bigger and more sustainable
I am ashamed to report that I did actually look up if Belgium is a real country after watching the ad... It is btw
I think your lenth is great.
Make it so that the door activates when you stand on the bouncy block with sculk sensors
Dope
You ARE a builder, Mumbo And a really good one I love the design of your bridge thing, and I love listening to your voice and commentary, weirdly
No one has Finished the video yet. By the time this comment was written
Episode 14 better be: *IT'S BETTER*
I would pay money for mumbo to try a shooter game or a tactic based game
10 minutes ago
that's what she said
Got a pillar here!   Got a pillar there!  Got a pillar everywhere!
I swear Mumbo, every 'sustainable' joke you make gets a good chuckle outta me.  Thank you for that.
YOU JUST JUMPED N A WALL 9 min and 4 sec in
green in the middle with the white looks like among us
OHH ITS A 20 MINUTE ONE also the base looks way cooler with the supports, very nice
Oh thats what you look like
I just realised how much Mumbo shaked irl... He has reduced tho
damn mumbo! that microphone is crisp! loving it, sounds amazing, also the build is top notch
i love your building style so much<3
''That's what she said''
mumbo i know you probably wont see this but during the timelapse you missed one warped trapdoor on the middle frog light 6:48, love this build btw
Mumbo, your base is looking very suspicious at the start😂
I’ve never commented on one of your videos so fast
that's what she said.
bootifull, just bootifull
The title lol
Hermitcraft Time !
Always a treat when Mumblord uploads
did he get a new mic?
I hope his base gets more sustainable in the future.
It might be cool to make a shallow pool of water on the platform you build under the pillars. Maybe make the bottom layer of the pillars submerged so it ties together with the water columns. The build looks amazing though, can't wait to see it finished!
Your time lapse length is fine, Mumbo 😄
I loved the part where mumbo said "it's hermitcraft time" and hermitcrafted all over everybody
Yooo Your one of my favourite youtubers i watched you when you first joined hermitcraft And i love your Videos 🎉🎉🎉 Thanks for being awesome and idk if this would work but i thought using lava instead if water could be cool for your bridge
Another mumbo video another amazing day
HIIII
Hermitcarft season 8 refrence🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 at the biggining "the base is considerably more sustainible"
who else thought that ad was going to be an audible ad
what are the background songs that you play during the video?
I always forget how much i miss the time lapses
That ad break was convincing! I don't need everyone to know I like dog farts!
Subscribed to   the one the only chza
Everytime you upload I get so happy because I know its gonna be amazing. even if it takes a couple weeks it worth it
Its slowly expanding…
EXPRESS VPN CAN ONLY SPONSOR PUTTHER
is it just me that was expecting him to say catapillar lol
Yes he uploaded!
I think mumbo does his bases intenssionally suspicous. Sorry i ment sustainable
I like long timelapses
*me reading the title and saying "oh no... not the moon again..."*
ily
[1:33] That's an ancient artifact. It would worth a fortune. Whatever fortune is worth.
this is the first time i see mumbo's face and i have to say i'm extremely disappointed he doesn't have a glorious giant moustache
Mumbo is a genius for only having 2 brain cells. He is a God and my Dad
Its still looks sustainable mumbo
Ur op man
Among us Sussy balls
"I occasionally like the smell of my dogs farts" - you are an interesting person, or you have an interesting dog..
first
Your new upload schedule is possibly the most confusing thing ever
Great video! Keep up the good work.
AMONG US
hello mumbo
All hail Mumbo. MUMBO. JUMBO. HIS NAME IS MUMBO. JUMBO
Finally early!!
Mumbo always has a way of making each build extremely unique in his own way. I love the style of the water pillars and the use of copper mixed with prismarine! Fantastically great to see you inspired again!
5 MINUTES AGO? GEE GOLLY
seeing a mumbo video pop up brings me such joy
It makes my day to watch your interactions with other players and your 2 brain cells work so spectacularly, Mumbo!
Did mumbo mess with his mic settings? the audio sounds kinda compressed.
That's what she said
I love the part where mumbo says "it's base building time" then flies off, I cried at that scene  (Idc if it's a dead meme)
Elybeatmaker is going to remix "Pillar here, pillar there, pillar there"
You should add white blocks at the bottom of the bridge and top of the water pillars to look like the water is holding up the bridge with extreme pressure.
I’m early
I mean...
This dude just gave the key to a vault so innocently, and I can only worry he's the type of person to send a 'nigerian prince' money.
Mumbo it’s pillow not pilla
oh hey cool its mumbo jumbo
Only on Hermitcraft can a weird sign appear out the front of your base, and everybody will obey it without question
Mumbo, if you made all your water coming down from the columns as water elevators, you could say that 'water pressure' is what's causing the floating bridge. Good lore possibility!
That's a lot of pillas you got.
Why aren't you using litemetica?
Speedrunning watching video: the video was so good, and i love the shape of the base and the building blocks used for it/you are gonna use
Maté your voice audio quality is insane
Very Sustainable base, indeed.
Mumbo’s base is looking extra sustainable with water pillars❤ So does his mustache
Random, but I really appreciate the Sunday uploads since it tends to be a slow day with not much to watch for me..
1:33 An actual treasure. Grian would prob want that.
MUMBO >:)
Heheh... a fresh comment section.
Seeing mumbo become a builder has really tickled me pink.
:D :D :D
Eggs
mumby jumby!!!!!!❤
bello im wondering if you would like to see one of if not the oldest active minecraft server that hasnt changed world, they have some cool redstone things and big cities, if you would like i could contact the owner and ask if he can let in, the server is called 90gq and is a swedish smp
mine is bigger than you think too
Honestly, your videos never fail to disappoint, and the way you take us through each step is amazing! Love your videos!
How is it that it’s been 1 minute and there’s already comments “He never disappoints us” Edit: after watching it, I strongly agree with this statement
That what...😊
IT'S BIGGER  Me: That's what she said.
not first.
950 viewer!!! YES!!!
im chuffed to bits with this one mate, glad your back in the swing of things
Not the sustainable base again😂
That bed structure looks sus        tainable
Yes new Mumbo vid!
Could the secret project be iskall's vault hunters series??
Both a mumbo and an iskall upload in one day, I feel like it's 2020 agian
Hi mumbo ,i wanted to say i feel so good when you upload, it makes me so happy 😊
NEW MUMBOOOO
i am very disappointed mumbo… those supports don’t look that supporting
I loved it when mumbo said its mumbing time
This day just got exponentially better because you uploaded.   also how does this have more likes than views????
it's been a minute since this video was published and already 200 views, but 609 likes 😑
1
Dang
He says “and also our base got considerably more SUStainable” as he looks at his among us base lol
Legs go, im in the first 1000 views
Mumbo has such an awesome and fun personality. Even if he doesn't upload, I’ll watch all of his videos I’ve watched already again. For Mumbo: You're becoming such a good builder. I found your channel back in 2018 when I was having such a hard time. I was bedridden for 9 months. I was honestly dreaming of your videos every night because I was so excited to watch your videos. Thanks for all you do.
As a civil engineer I deny all allegations of me screaming
He should just make a sustainable base every year
77th
Hahhaaaa I love the little face your base has!! Very sustainable again-
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
how long does it take to build this stuff!? My diamond block house could never lol
Yay new Mumbai video
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
Super super structural
Funny enough I was just watching iskall's new Vault Hunters video and thinking to myself "vault hunters — Mumbo 100% approves"
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
Yooo. How are we doing?
Hi guys, wassup
Always amazing content, maybe we can see some content with Iskall in the near future? Always love the combo of you two lol
Thanks for Reddit gold
The way my eyes light up when there's a new hermitcraft episode
you should make an elevator going up to different floors
Me: looking for a video to watch This video: what can I say except ya welcome
"This video is sponsored by ExpressVPN... and also... it's Hermitcraft time."  I don't know why I all of a sudden felt nostalgic. I can't explain it, but that's how I feel.
where is grian
Woo Who! New amazing video
I saw the title and imediately went "that's what she said"
Leta go mumbo!
No one knows how this comment got so many likes
The title: *exists* Me: “That’s what she said”
WOW, Dont Leave Use Ever Agian!
How is everyone
The fact Mumbo has been playing Minecraft and doing YT for 9 years is insane dedication, the commentary is on point
It’s harming time
mumbo for mayor
Just started watching already concerned
MORE HERMITCRAFT LETS GOOOOO
It's Hermitcraft time!
Yeah. This definitely'll improve my evening.
Mumbo really tries his best and we have to thank him for it!
Absolute banger
build dolphin farm
I like when he said its hermitcraft time and hermitcrafted all over
Yass new Episode
like if within 1 minute
yeay mumbo
Mumbo knew what he was doing with the title...
It's Hermitcraft time.
You know the day is good when mumbo uploads
8th. Wait, 8 views but 500 likes?
Let's do it
To those of y’all commenting I know y’all haven’t watched the whole video it just came out
First
MUMBOOOOOO
8 views?
Hermitcraft!!!
first
New video
Interesting title mumbo..😀
I LOVE YOUR HC EPISODES!
Been watching since season 3
Lit
how about a raid farm, those get u stacked rlly quick
Finally it’s been forever
Thank you for listening!!!
Hi Mumbo how has your day been?
Love your videos ❤
Love to see how it’s coming. Your videos always brighten my day
*cough cough* that’s what she said *cough cough*
Clicked in the first minute. I'm Speedy Conzales
very epic
bigger is better
First?
I thought this was a different website
Hi mumbo!!
Mumbo be collecting crewmates all across the seasons
That’s what she said
Everyone and their aunt is getting sponsored by VPNs these days.
9th viewer apparently
almost first
Awesome Channel 😌
fresh comments
Oh nice! I'm early for once
Make the pillars out of lava. I think it would look like the most evil vault ever
im the 108 or moreth person
Clicked fast as lightning
Title: thats what she said
My god all these bots already. It’s been 1 MINUTE
SuS
Woooo
A yes, 21 Minutes of fun.
good to see you again Mr. Jumbo
Yooooo mumbo!
Hi Mumbo LOVE your videos
It’s badder,
Hi   Pls like
Omg 14 seconds ago what
SUPER EALRLY! I ALREADY KNOW ITS GONNA BE GOOD BEFORE EVEN WATCHING IT
“It’s bigger” That’s what she said hehehe
200 likes and 1 view?
YAS MUMBO YOU ROCK!
Dang. Down to the second it was uploaded. Love the content and you are amazing. Can’t wait to see how this base turns out. Time to watch while I do homework.
YES
Yoooooo
First maybe
E
i always get so freaking chuffed to bits(😏😂) whenever you upload a new video!
Shaking crying rn I’ve been complaining to my friends about the lack of Mumbo
Water
noice
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Let’s gooooo
Yay
Earlyyyyy
PIN THIS PLEASEEE
hello father
First after mumbo
Not first!
Dark chicken burger with a side of mustard sauce and some mayo
YOOOOOOOO
mumbo always makes my day
pause…
That’s what she said Mumbo
I love you mumbo
Second!!
I love you vibes
Sus
Very sustainable.
Hey mumbo, just wanted to say great work on this video and ive been a fan for quite a while 😊
Love the videos ❤
hi
LET’S GOOO!!!!!!
Mumbo
(Not) First
I love your minecraft vids
Hiiiiii
first one here lets goooo
Love you!
1st? Nvm not even close
WOO HOOO!
Yes it is
First
Yp
first
Second
Mumbo first
Poop
Hi
Kinda sus…
Moon big
Yoooo!!!
First
I love mumbo's jumbo
first comme- oh..
🎉
Cheese
Good evening Mumbo
Hello
Hello!!!!
Ayo
HELLO! I’m early! Yay! Hope you are doing well Mumbo, Live your vids. Have a wonderful day! ❤❤❤
Hi
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So hyped for more hc from mumbo!
First
Instant click
First
First person to say beans
First
First...maybe second
Always a good day when mumbo uploads
No way first
That’s what she said
Hi
Can we get the Tokyo drift song back?
Woooo im early
mumbo
Maybe first
New post!
The title is what she said!
Ahh
whoever reads this have a happy sunday :D
First
Pog Video
It’s been a while since I’ve said first
First
Amazing video
nice
First
first
Let’s gooooo
Here Early
yo what the hell posted 37 seconds ago
me
Loving the videos, keep it up man!
Yay
I catched the video mid air man 39 seconds
Not first
Hello
e
woo hermitcraft time!
😅
Hi
FIRST!
Love you content. Just wanted to say this before I watched. Can I be in a video.
mumbo!!
hi mumbo jumbo
First
It’s happening
Hey
Hi
yooooo new mumbo vid dropped
First
Hi
MUMBO JUMBO!!!!!!!
Wow
first
Under 1 minute
1st
Love your content
first
Hi there
Go to https://expressvpn.com/Mumbo and find out how you can get 3 months free! And a big thank you to ExpressVPN for sponsoring this video!
