We can all blame bubba's genetics
Kyle is a 3x champ now and Bubba is a loser for the umpteenth time
I seen what I needed to. He is a bully. Lost all respect for that Bubba.
DEI driver and I don't mean Earnhardt either
I am with bubba larson is a jack$ss he has been doing crap like this for a long time one of the road courses he went into a turn and took someone out plus he likes to talk about other drivers on podcasts like he did with ty gibbs if i was a driver and someone wants to talk about me he going in the wall first chance I get
Got way with it because black man
Half Cherokee Indian  wouldn't Walk away
I agree there was no shoving match lets be clear on that. This was all Bubba Wallace's doing, he intentionally took out the 5 car which took out the 20 car. Yes the 5 car got a little loose but that is racing, what Bubba did is not racing. This is not the first time Bubba has done this. Nascar has got to fine these guys and penalize them heavily for this kind of action. If bubba wants to fight tell him he can join the UFC. Bubba has become Kyle Busch.
I Hate the Hole Hendrick's team they never suspended it is not right Well Hendricks is THE VILLENS in my book Toyota is my Hero Team i BOO Hendricks every time the only Chevy Team I Like is RCR
With the force Larson hit the wall he could have easily and unknowingly recieved a concussion  Wallace should have been kicked out of nascar for not caring about a drivers condition and giving him that huge shove that would have easily worsen kyle if he had of received a head injury
Budda needs to be moved out of this level of racing. Hes a weak driver. Hes violent guy exactly what you would expect. MJ needs to realize hes a terrible driver and a violent person.
You need to shut the hell up.
They do anything to Bubba, he will throw the race card. NASCAR is loosing it's popularity and they can't have this nimrod dragging them down even more. So he feels untouchable. Sooner or later drivers will handle him.
Junior shame on you trying to sugar coat Wallace’s actions! Only shoving was bubbles! Park his ass period we are sick of him being an entitled toddler! He needs to be gone he’s a stain on NASCARs shorts no defending his actions talk to Kyle Petty
Dale refuses to be honest about this incident because he sold his integrity to his sponsors a long time ago. Too bad.
Why would you even say Bubba Smallet name in the same sentence as Larson  ?
Shoving match, Dale really?
If im Larson we would've been fighting
darell wallace should be banned from nascar,worse thing that ever happened!. Total loser!.
If I was Larson I would have took that helmet and wore Wallace out.
They should give the points to the driver that was taken out ha.
Bubbles absolutely wreaked him on purpose. He chased him down in the car and out of the car. Bubbles only gets aggressive with smaller drivers. Hes a coward and needs to lose his ride.
This is classic nascar if anybody else does it. Thuggish bullying since Bubba did it
I feel he has  had plenty of chances to reform but didn't is nascar going to wait till he kills someone?
Wallace is worse than Busch ever was. Get rid of him 😊
Had Bubba Wallace wreck another driver like that and cause a pushing contest, he would be dropped on his ass.
Wallace is a punk little boy that doesn't play well with others. Maybe one day his cry-baby ass will grow up !!!
This seems VERY similar to the Busch/Hornaday incident. We know what happened to Kyle in that one. What happened in the end to Bubba in this one?
Fire his punk ass .... Coward
Bubba has a ride for one reason and it's not because he's a great wheelman and Deegan will be the same.
The true William Darrel Wallace Jr . Came out call him by his name he doesn’t like his name because it’s too white
That was totally disgraceful by Bubba across the board. Larson owes payback big time but since NASCAR kisses Bubba's ass Larson would unfortunately get a lifetime ban even though wrecking Bubba would be justified.
Bubba is dangerous! Yes, it was intentional... Nascar needed to do more than a 1 race suspension. That was a slap on the wrist.. he should have been suspended for the rest of the year, but they didn't cause the color of his skin.. Bubba takes full advantage of that.. Makes me mad 😡
bubba can always pull the race card, look at the garage door rope bs- typical
Dale always speaks the truth and hes fair,not tribal.
BUBBA NEEDS TO SIT OUT NEXT SEASON.
Jr, your dad would be disappointed in you for defending Bubba. Don't be afraid of these lefty lunatics.
Get Marty on the show
Bubba is trying to be a bully when he is nothing but pu**y send that drama queen packing he's no good for Nascar and never has been
Send. Down the roads. But nascar is to scared of everything it's boring to watch a controlled race over and over again. Death to nascar. Bring up cart series. Much better.
Chastain is a Man racing with cry baby boys
I see the long sleeves...I miss the carolinas
It's only a matter of time until Bubba injures or kills someone.
What he did, deserves perm suspension. He could have killed someone. Bubba is an emotional child.
It was a one man show. Bubba's!! He needs to own that sh*t. He is not the class A driver he thinks he is and WE all know he's not. We see it every week. Yeah yeah the man has a good race 🏁 every few races, but how often does he win?? DA BUBBA?
Keep going Jr. your podcasts are #1 in my book!
Grow a set Jr.
Bubba Wallace is racially motivated
But then again. Besides this film reel  ,,who watches Nascar anymore anyway!!!✌
Pretty one sided shoving match!!!  Lmfao   I f you think he didn't run him down after the wreck. Your blind!!! 😂
Here's my take on Bubba, he should have been suspended for the rest of the year. Not just for wrecking Larson, but for all of his actions. After crashing Larson, Bubba got out of his car on a hot track, assaulted Larson after he got out of his car. Pushed an official away from him when the official tried to get him in the ambulance!!! For all of this is why Wallace should have been suspended for the season. Instead he was suspended for one race. That was the biggest joke all season. Nascar is a joke and management of Nascar needs to change leadership. Until they start putting out heavy fines and suspension for all of what Wallace did, then Nascar no longer has a lot of fans respect. The least they should have done was suspend him for the remainder of the season, that's the least amount!!! A suspension for an entire season would be more fitting. Nascar suspended Larson for over a season for saying a word he shouldn't have!! Bubba physically tried to hurt Larson and only got one race suspension. Definitely not fair. I will say this, the word Larson used was uncalled for, but seriously, he said a word( that he shouldn't have said) and was suspended for over a year. How is that fair to what Bubba did???? First could have injured Larson by wrecking him, attacking Larson after he got out of the car, pushing an official away, and refusing to go in ambulance to infield care center. Oh and got out of his car on a hot track. One race suspension for all of that. B.S. Nascar should suspend him just like they did Larson.
Watch all of the replays they never touched until Bubba Wallbanger jerked his car into the wall and bounced off of the wall and hit Larson and the floors his car wide open and turns left comes all the way back across the track and intentionally into the right rear of Larson's car !!!
Jr. needs to stop sucking bubba's dick.
I don't think Bubba hit him intentionally, his car was wreck and the steering was damage and his car was sent down the track and hit Larson,Larson hits alot of other drivers and nobody said anything about him
I think it is a case of privilege bubba can not drive a race car ….. Larson did nothing wrong then bubble’s wanted to fight a man less he’s size true character get him out before he kills somebody
I will never believe that bubba's team really took 1 million dollars away from him, words are cheap!
bubs should have been charge with a HATE CRIME
Someone doesn't want to get cancelled! It's 2am. Is it just me or Dale Jr. just beat around the bush? Hopefully, Bubba Wallace's NASCAR career will be short!!!
Bubba Wallace is a embarrassment to nascar and should leave
Dale Jr. kissing Bubba's ass
Las Vegas actions ? Too gutless to say what happened.
I don't like cheaters and tempers can get someone killed. I think he should be suspended for the rest of the year and have to admit to his temper and apologize before he is allowed to race again.
It is just racing when things get a little squeezed and Bubba is a bully and he knew exactly what he was doing the entire time.  But, due to this PC world we live in, Bubba got a little slap on the hands and  NASCAR didn't take a stand!  Bubba was WRONG and it was his fault.  Plain and simple.
I hope Austin Hill gets to Cup and Bubba pushes him. Bubba is what’s wrong with this country today. Hope he takes his “woke” self right out of here.
Bubba was wrong on everything
Bubba has "black privilege " and he can do whatever he wants
FBW
PHUK ENTITLED BUBBA 💯🇺🇸
No shoving match it was one sided!! Bubba got the privilege card bigtime!! When he did not get called to the hauler you knew NASCAR did not have the balls to do the right  thing!!
Bubble Wallace is a hot head and a danger to himself and others on the track his unprofessional attitude and erratic style of driving is bad for the sport. I've only ever seen one man capable of driving like a maniac and making it work, and that's exactly why he was called the man. Special allowances and or treatment should never be a factor when enforcing the rules.  This driver has been and will continue to be more trouble than he's worth.
I love you Jr and your father but the hell with nascar these days. If Dale was alive today he’d be ashamed how bad the sport got because he was already starting to notice they were messing it up. Also Bubba is only racing because of one reason and it’s the same reason Danica Patrick got 10x the chances a white guy would of got.   The fake hate crime was 100% a publicity stunt to get eyes on nascar and to tell the public they are woke. Nascar had the tapes and you know they went back each month on the tapes to see how long it was there. That was actually a crime committed by Nascar.
Just another sleazy Bubba attempt at getting some media attention, the only thing he is good at. How do people not see through his bs?
Honestly, it's more woke bullshit coming into nascar by letting this bullshit go. There is NO place for something like that. People DIE. DEAD. Bubba is incredibly too entitled. When you get treated special because of your stupid skin color, that definitely has reprocussiuns. You wouldn't have some white basketball player start fighting all of the other players just because something unfortunate happens (that happens every single race, all the time). To me, bubba's just another grown child. They're everywhere in the celebrity world. He's not the first in nascar, but because of his skin color and this dumbass world we're living in at the moment, he can take it much further than anyone else.
No owner is going to deal with a suspended driver for long. Too much wasted advertising budget with no exposure for sales.   If he does something stupid again and cant advertise the sponsors i assume he will be gone. He is a billboard, not a person. Someone needs to have a long talk with him about what his place is.
F#@k WOKECAR
Everyone do yourself a favor and change the channel. NASCAR continues to cut its own throat like the NBA, NFL, MLB. The liberal left destroy everything they touch. I turned out a long time ago and I'm not alone. The statistics prove it. Meanwhile, I will enjoy NASCAR swirling around in the toilet until it's gone.
I think bubba might have just trashed his racing career. If he doesn't change his ways I don't believe that any other team that will take a chance on him. It was totally his fault, he chose to stay in the gas and take the three of them out of the race. Him not owning up to it is just wrong. I hasn't even apologized for it, he's still blaming Larson. He just needs to put his big boy panties on do what's expected of him. Grow up and learn how to act like an adult.
Shoving match?  I've watched the video multiple times and never saw a shoving match.  Did I moss something?
The difference in this is Bubba is black and nascar is scared and gutless when it comes to him.  If this was a white guy this would be completely different…. So sad it has come to this.
He is steering the car during the hole thing ..wheels are moving with his hands
Will nascar do anything after tyrant gibbs deliberately wrecked Jones today? Nope the check is in the mail
Bubba seems to have WWE more in mind or up his mind.
Cocky Rigger#!#
Bubba can't prove it was only a racing accident. Because he is Guilty as sun raises every morning. That's is why.
I like Dale Jr but his scared of telling it like it is. His dad had balls Jr not so much.
Make a new series! Earnhardt Tuesday!
THERE WAS NO SHOVING MATCH! Bubbles was the only one shoving and he also shoved the official.
Millennials coddling and disregard for the rules
Purposefully wrecking top talent how much would Nascar be out if Larson got hurt?
Like to see it happen bout 20yrs ago. Bubba would have a dentist appointment
Wonder if it's in NASCAR'S best interest to actually say who did what? Looked obvious to me.
Bubba is a 👶baby.
Bubba Wallace isn't a driver, he's a rider. Played the race card one too many times
So Bubba is allowed to do anything he wants just because the officials are scared he might say you're doing this because I have melanin in my skin
Any driver that does this needs to be gone.  He intentionally wrecked 2 cars and then tried to assault the driver and they are going to keep this POS around.  That is who you want to represent Nascar?  This is why the sport is going down the toilet because of behavior like this and they obviously support it which is why I don't watch races anymore
There are three hosts on mic here. Why does the young lady get no mention in the credits?  Thank God neither physically were hurt in this incident.
There was no shoving match. It was Bubba using his size and other things to bully Kyle. No shoving match. Besides Kyle eats at KFC.
That was amazing the praise you gave (Marty,) Dale Jr. Most people wouldn't say that about another colleague, that that was very cool thing you said. Bravo !
He show have been suspended the rest of the season
the rules were changed after Tony Stewart ran over another competitor on the track
Dale has no balls
I'm so glad all those nooses were removed from the pit area!
After all of the drivers showed their support for Bubba after the noose hoax this is how Bubba repays his fellow drivers. Shows what kind of person Bubba truly is.
Dale Jr needs to get some new glasses cuz Kyle Larson never touched that dumbass on the racetrack and it wasn't a shoveling match it was just Bubba shoving Larson
No, Bubba didn't try to take Larson out, he tried to take him out permanently!!
Call him what he is.......Oops can say that! But he is a no racing PUNK
Every since the rope incident. I lost all respect for bubba.
So the 4 car saw it comming in turn 3 Larson caused the wreck! Tge next week Larson hits true on pit lane and almost killed 2 men. But Bubba and truex are at fault? Larson has made his bones wrecking faster cars to win! Truth!
His ass should be suspended for year but Nascar is afraid of BLM. My last race-enter BLMM
Bubba is a bully! It was just racin'
Bubba Wallace needs to go. I don't care what color he is, he's a troublemaker and a liar, plus he's so full of himself and isn't even a good driver. NASCAR, please find the balls to get rid of this jackazz!
They need to kick that oreo out of Nascar.
Jr. Is a democractic and gets paid by NBC the most liberal of all the major networks. You can pretty much know where he stands on most issues. But you still have to love the guy and what he means to NASCAR.
As a Larson fan, I don't exactly AGREE with Dale, but I see where he's coming from.   So many people in the comments don't really understand what Dale is talking about, and it shows. I typically lean towards Kyle Petty's take, though.
Dale Sr does not approve of this message
Dude, your wife made it VERY clear y'all support Bubba Smollet so just say it.....but you know damn well Bubba did it on purpose...and there was no shove match. Your friend was doing all the shoving.
NASCAR ABSOLUTELY FAILED in this scenario. The sport has become a joke thanks to the “leadership” of NASCAR. They pick and choose which rules they want to enforce and this made it blatantly obvious.
I haven’t watched a NASCAR race for many years. This is because I only have “Streaming” as my only source of TV viewing. (Cable & satellite costs are way too expensive.) Anyway, to hear the penalty Bubba Wallace received for behaving the way he did, is disgusting!! He first retaliates with his car, then physically assaulted Larson, and he ONLY gets suspended for 1 race?? What the hell is NASCAR thinking? He should have been suspended for the rest of the year. Period!!  If Larson had giving as much as he was getting, physically, I could understand. I see that I’m really not missing much by not watching the races anymore.
2.1k comments….THESE comments! No way Jr hasn’t crushed some Buds laughing balls at what he started.
Mcdonalds should drop his ass
I have nothing against retaliation. Problem is it can often take you out as well as others not involved . In this case it ended any chance for Bell to continue to contend and that's beyond sad. Not sure how Nascar can stop it but this year in particular there's been way too much of it. They need to look at much stiffer penalties then just a one race suspension. The costs to all involved are too high to allow this to continue.
I thought the rule was in placed after the Tony Stewart incident.
It's a black thing, cause hees ,BLACK
It wasnt a showing. Bubba turned into Larson after getting into the corner. And then he acted like a punk and shove Larson. And then Nascar gave him a one race suspension.  One race. Come on man.
Seems that Wallace is still triggered by the hangman's noose in the garage...idiots
Come Dale Jr,  you know Dale Earnhardt Sr, I mean Bubba Wallace wasn't tryin to wreck him, he was just tryin to rattle his cage. 😂
Jr acts like he's "woking" for NASCAR.
Kenny Wallace gave the best take on Miss Bubba.
Bubba Smollet is a self entitled punk
nothing will happen to bubba. he will get a pass or there might be protests. He also pushed an official.
bubba wallace will destroy auto racing.  MARK MY WORDS.
The “ass holes” running “NASCAR”  REALLY SHOULD listen TO “Jr.” because he seems TO HAVE a BETTER handle on what they (aren’t) doing than that do !
BOO BOO WALLACE
I wish he done that to Kyle Busch instead of larson  Now that that would be something to see But he'd probably wouldn't go after kyle like that
Bubba Wallace is a pos, and I no longer watch or support nascar because of him and his race baiting. Nascar has gone woke and they can go broke for all I care.
I seen a few shows discussing this incident and it seems to me people are leaving out the fact that he not only took out Larson but took out Christopher Bell.
This was the cuck version of the event, Kenny gave the factual version.
He Did a Will Smith!  They can do that. You can’t! Political correctness.
Larson brought it up close to wallace, but from what i could see, he never touched him until after wallace hit the wall and came back down into him...  as far as i'm concerned this was all on Wallace....
fire bubba forever and nascar will be great again he is a cancer to nascar
He’s a crybaby hot head . Then he caused a wreck on purpose.
Dale Jr talk a lot of bullshit are you bought and sold did you sell out
He's black they will look at the same way
He's biracial and place the race card it's amazing isn't it welcome to New America
Dale Jr blows D
It was no Harvick vs Spencer .. but I like when drivers show heart!!
Bubba showed what kind of person he is! If a wheel rolls out of your pit box the penalty/suspensions are much more harsh than hooking someone? Nascar is a joke!
MY ass shoving match LARSON SHOULD HVE BUSTED HIS NOSE!!  sissified nascar woke BS!!
The difference between a champion and that of a also ran. Kevin Harvick saw what was coming and was smart enough to lift for just a split second cause he knew that Kyle was going to slide up the banking and let Kyle go and was passing them both on the low side. All the while Bubbles decided that this was that last lap! If I was the owner I would be pissed caused bubbles had a decent car and a whole stage to go, but now we are out. Good way to project your self and your sponsor. He should be fired.
Nascar dropped the ball on this because of who was involved
who's woke now?
I like Dale Jr but bubba should have been suspended for the rest of the year
We need to stick together and boycott some races you understand me boycott some races show nascar what it really is
Why is Dale jr such  a little btch? Then again he supprts BLM so makes sense why he said what he said
Hey dude make a mistake in the heat of the moment. It's funny to me that all of a sudden no one else poop stinks, like this haven't happen before! Everyone is now the judge and jury! He help rid the confederate flag and that didn't sit well with a lot of people including some of the drivers and people in the garage! He made a mistake he got suspended for it, now lets move on! If it was another driver that did this, no one would be talking about it now!
Lets have Marty on the show guys
Dale. U sux on this. Wallace caused itall it was racing. Bubba hit we saw hit the wall himsel
Bubba has a history of seeing things that aren't there. He's drives slow because his ego is so heavy.
He should have been parked the rest of the year  And charged with assault on Kyle period and everyone know why that nascar chose not to do more to bubba there scared of the RACE CARD being played period nascar was soft on him for that and that alone bubba has ruined this sport for so many people
Little shoving match? They did not hit the wall. Baby bubba hit the wall. Then he decided to use his car as a weapon. Putting Kyle and Bell into the wall. Then baby got out of his car against the rules walked a distance to shove Kyle trying to get him to punch him. Then he shoved an official.
Also believe what the team added to Nascar punishment prob amounts to another slap on the wrist!
I look at it like this, Larson lost an entire season due to a racial comment, (and I totally agree with this), look at the penalties handed down to Custer for affecting the outcome of a race, again I agree with. neither of these incidents put other drivers at risk of injury. What Wallace did was put himself and two other drivers in direct risk of injury, without regard to himself or others, cost the team two very damaged cars, for no reason, other than his own childishness behavior, possibly cost his teammate a chance into the championship four. Add in the post race bullshit! I believe he should be out the rest of the season AND 1 race next year so he starts at a points deficit, he's gotta learn! Other drivers aren't going to want to race with him! Please bear in mind I have no favorite driver, (since Dale Srs crash there is no replacement). Realize it's a bitter pill, but no amount of sugar is gonna change the facts! And we now know Wallace is a liar!
Boohoo Wallace needs to go away.
note to Kyle:  don't take off your helmet if another driver is mad at you.
You can take the, oh, I️ forget how it goes. Darn it.
Kyle Petty was right. Bubba should be gone rest of yr. You know of all people about injuries.
WOKECAR
FBW
What were the pit crew chiefs doing for Larson and Bubba ....what calls were they watching and monitoring ,  everyone knows there's a change of air when a car comes up to another cars door whose riding  the wall.... That's car racing if not then there should be absolutely no drafting at all ... And we know how dumb that would be  While Bubba was walking on the track and got hit by another car ,  who would be at fault  If he died because of it , what state of mind would that driver be left with for eternity
Wallace should have been parked for the year and Daytona next year
How I wish it was the 1950's this would never fly back then with this race baiting woke crybaby Wallace... The good ol' boys would show him the difference between a garage door pull rope and what a real noose looks like....😁
Ridiculous. Nascar has been neutered by woke media so no big penalty for what Bubba did including Larson and the Nascar official.
Bubba and Larson were in a no win situation destiny brought these two together and it can't get more awkward. Bubba will get heat. Always. Larson needs to thank Rick and Jeff daily. They saved his career. 23 XI, Denny driving wrong way hitting other car at 5mph not 150
HELL WITH WALLACE   LOW ON ABILITY  WANTS ATTENTION RIDICULOUS BULLSHIT  NASCAR  BULLSHIT TOO
Bubba smollette needs to be taken out permanently
Nothing will happen to Bubba because he's black.   If it's anything like what happens on the streets.  I mean they hit and try beating up cops and get off scott free.  I'm just speaking the truth like it or not.
Suspend wallace for ALL 2023. OR Waste Mgt. is looking for drivers.
I, am sick . Of Bubba… .  I don’t  watchNascar. Anymore  because  of, Bubba.  I was a  loyal  Richard Petty fan  on the  dirt track in my   Hometown  Richmond.ll  I  was 8. . When  I  use  to go there.  Racing  is  not  good  anymore, ,
IMO Y'all are all poor excuses for men of good character, this is not what men of good character do. Wallace needs to be band from the sport.
Bubba is a 👧 can't drive
My opinion is BUBBA is a BULLY and a POOR EXCUSE for a driver! I'd like to seen him pull that BS on HARVICK, STEWART or EARNHARDT SR! Bcuz we all know the outcome of that situation where his CRY BABY ASS would've been layed out in the grass! This 1 race suspension is a joke too! This proves that NASCAR is scared of him and will only do the very least at most!
NASCAR does whatever it wants to with whomever they want to.  I’ve watched this as long as I can remember and if they want a caution they call one, if they don’t want a caution they don’t call it.  They are above real justice.  Always been like this,
I think the intentional wrecking did it
People mad that their god Jr didn’t agree with them 😂
Quit the politics. Kenny Wallace has the best explanation on this. Jr is being corrupted by the NBC bosses and the PC nature they have. Just call a spade, for what it is, a spade.
Wallace needs to go. Ruining the sport
Dude , I lost interest in NASCAR when your dad passed. When all the old guard retired and all these rule changes and revamping made me turn it off.
TO SUM IT UP WITH JR.... GOOD GRIEF!!!! man up.
Why is so much made about Bubba he is an absolute nothing he's another Danica Patrick they're only there for window dressing that's it good Lord fire the a****** and let him go like Danica Patrick
I miss Dale Sr., he would have told it lie it really was. Bubba sucks, and, that's all there is to it.... He is a whiny young man, who thinks the color of his skin is why he is treated sooo bad, but, in this case, treated soooo, good. I liked this dude until the noose incident.
My humble opinion is that wallace wears a chip on his shoulder, and has been a bully on and off the track for a long time. I hope that he does not end up getting someone killed on the track or costing a driver a career in NASCAR by standing up to wallace abeating the snot out of him.
F Wallace!
Never thought Jr would try to suger coat this bullshit Jr afraid to speak the truth Kenny Wallace nailed it
Great job dale jr take the high road like nascar, this  one must be to hot to handle for everyone i thought you would call it for what it was, nascars penalties are written with a pencil with a big eraser, so sad what nascar has become its all about money  nascar is now the kings of micro management  different rules for different drivers,  this is getting very difficult to watch anymore. Robots in spec cars not a fan of it
What opinion Dale? You never said what you think. Bubba, the Fake Victim wins again. Are you as woke as NASCAR?
Weak as Water.
Great win today Larson!!!  If there was a song to match this talk BS I guess it would be POUR SOME SUGAR ON ME.  Sweetest anti woke  race ever today.
Bubba is the perfect example of privilege
Little boy burba is nascars favorite BOY, he will eventually ruin nascar for millions of us older guys who has supported it for over 50 yrs
It's impressive how people are making such a big deal out of Bubba wrecking Larson What's new in a NASCAR driver wrecking the other?
Thug POS...field filler...that's all...born in a barn...F Him
Bubba is a twat. I get the feeling he would have thought twice about shoving anyone that he didn't outweigh by 40 pounds
Rules for thee.But not for me.Thats Bubba.I don't like the direction nascar is going in this wokeness going on.
I'm concerned that NASCAR suspending Wallace for just one race was due to them acting out of political correctness. Per the telemetry available on the broadcast, clearly Wallace accelerated and the video showed him steering left. If this were NHL, the player targeting would have been issued a game misconduct, intent to injure and had been called to the League Office for a hearing with the disciplinary committee.
Bubba attacking someone who had zero intentions of touching Bubba or else the liberal world would explode. Bubba is a coward. He violated many rules in one incident. Exiting veh and walking on track, assaulting an Official, assaulting Larson without any words when Larson showed zero intentions to assault, lying and targeting another driver with his car which is an assault with a deadly weapon off the track.
If Larson wouldn’t did what they did they both would have continued the race. Bubba should have kept his cool and not went towards him after the crash
Remember he called himself a polar bear and his daddy caught him a teddy bear Junior.
Bubba Wallace the new woke Nascar and the fact u retired= I'm done with NASCAR
Dale you would make a good diplomat !! Maybe you should go into politics !! 🤨👎
"I hate it for my guys...." Hey Bubba, YOU did it to your guys!
you two sit there and play the political crap that Nascar has fallen under in the last two years, C'mon Kenny Wallace told the true story you can try to play the blind leading the blind all you want but the truth is he "Bubba got out of his car while the track was still operating with vehicles still on the track he then delibertly got out and walked a good football field away,  more than enough time to cool his jets, but nope, he was on a mission and he accomplished it. He dropped his helmet thank God as its a wonder he didn't use it on Kyle, He then actually pushed an official and did not go to the medical truck, so how the hell can Nascar and a few puppets who work directly for Nascar try to throw blankets over this ridiculous situation? He had no Idea if Kyle was injured his whole thinking was making Kyle as the problem to his own hitting the damn wall. You been there Dale so cut the crap!
Hey we all know how juicy wallace is, justice for juicy
B S Jr.!!!! Your take on this (at least here) is BAD! Lost some respect for you on this. SOB should have been gone for the rest of the year, AT LEAST! Can't touch him though and WE all know why!!!!!
Dale jr. You sound like a complete sell out! You have let the corporations buy you out! I understand in a way, you being a team owner but you know that everything Bubba Wallace did was WAY WRONG! Wrecking Larson @ 160mph, getting out of his car on track, walking on a live racetrack, shoving Larson not knowing how badly injured he was, putting hands on an official, refusing to take the ambulance to the infield care center, lying about wrecking Larson. WOKE BS! Period.
Dale Jr your way off on this one. Bubba got away with way too much for a one race suspension
Yeah Bubba just a cry baby. Everyone after him. He wreaked the 5 car intentionally..
This incident only gave me ideas of what to do the next time McDonald's screws up my order. Open up a can of bubba. Update! After thinking back to the way I behaved after getting the wrong order. I e-mailed MC's and Apologize for my behavior in the past.
Bubba is going to mess with the wrong driver and get his ass handed too him! Just a matter of time.
Intent can be determined by the response of the 45. If he had a legitimate mechanical problem, logic states he would be apologetic to the 5 in the immediate aftermath. Instead, his anger was manifested by attacking the 5.
I don’t lift! I drive my bosses car strait into walls and blame everybody else!
The saddest part in all this and seems to be lost on everyone is, Ronald McDonald is now out of a job and has been replaced by a real clown.
NASCAR needs to make a special class for crash bubba to drive in it's called a demolition derby
Larson was like a little scared girl. No respect for Larson what a coward. People say he showed class. I say he was scared to death. What a punk
Bubba is useless for nascar!
The rule is if your car won’t move and it’s on the track you’re not allowed to get out of the car until the safety crews arrive unless the car is on fire.
Should have been a stiffer penalty like rest of year and money penalty. MJ handle it!
I'm no longer a  Bubba Wallace fan.
Bubba Wallace is a punk! He's probably gonna find the hard way when he pushes the wrong driver or crew member & they kick the ever-lovin' crap out of him? And it's coming sooner than he thinks?
Let’s be honest, if that was Dale sr or jr shoving. This would have been a glorified and not horrified moment 🤷🏻
And yet all they did was sit him out for one race.  After all he is NASCAR's golden boy.  (I say while I puke in my mouth).
A match would indicate that 2 people were involved.  But it was all Bubba...keep the facts.  And Bubba's day was not over...well until hye slammed into larson.
There is just one thing that has not been said about this whole incident. NASCAR has become a race series of 'WOKE WIMPS' who can't swear, fight or say what is on their minds without the interference of NASCAR removing the Drivers and Teams Testicles saying to them not to be Men or Competitive. This whole Bubba incident should have and would have been just laughed about just a few years ago. But, this WHOLE WOKE BS is going to far and NASCAR according to some pole is Losing the Real Fans and replacing them with city wimps.
Blubber needs to be shut down for a season.
sickening how they dance around saying ANYTHING negative about bubba.... hate to break it to yall, but Dale and his crew are just as "wOke" as the rest of the NASCAR gang...  they have to be or they wont remain on the payroll
Bubba assaulted Kyle 6 times with shoves. Yet kyle cant clock him with his helmet BECAUSE BUBBA IS BLACK. cut the crap junior it wasnt a shoving match!!!! It was an attack
Bubba needs to go. He could have killed someone  He is trouble He is a nut case
I wish NASCAR just think of Bubba as a caramel skinned white dude… Black people do!
Way to go Bubba time to put the primadonnas in thier place..
Turning nascar into a p...y sport...imiss the days of eye for and a eye..
Back in the old days Bubba would have gotten busted in the mouth !
#1...Larson never touched Wallace #2...Whenever you run the high line you have to take physics and the fact there are other drivers out there. Wallace tried to steer away from Larson and he drove into the wall.
This is like the most commented on deal ever in NASCAR, all it took was the driver most of these fans love to hate doing something that they feel now justify's their harsh treatment of him...
Hey Jr. I love ya buddy but time to grow a set!
Lost respect for Dale Jr here. Bad take on the whole situation.
Quit making excuses for this woke POS. He should be suspended for the season, no question about it.
Larson should’ve busted that goon head with his helmet.
Why not close NASCAR as it is as corrupt as biden's Marxist politicians.  Make go green.
Larson is 10× the driver. Of Bubba. Bubba can't drive
They made that rule a long time ago when the incident with Tony Stewart running over that other driver and he got killed they made that rule then that you couldn't get out of your car until the safety crew got there
Kyle Larson has made a habit of doing that.  Just go back to what he did to Sheldon Creed in a race where Larson wasn't racing for a spot in the championship.  He crashed out Creed from his first victory.  Larson deserved to be punched
Time to fire the criminal.
I'm just glad that Bubba is not part of my favorite race team ever let's go Petty Enterprises and God bless Richard Petty!
All yous are a bunch of panty waist , remember when the alabama boys beat the snot of kale Yarbrough for his bs
Yep. Nope. Yep. Nope. 😂
Bubba says he can't wait to go to prison
Love ya Jr. But that dick should have been suspended the rest of the season at least.  He tried to take him!
NASCAR is digging their own grave, They don't give a F about fans
You wouldn't push Kevin Harvick like that
Was Jr. wrong about the penalty or what!
Should’ve been suspended rest of the year but bull crap bubba will get a bye
Bubba gump wallace should have been banned along time ago when he brought BLM in the sport that i love. He needs to keep his mouth shut.  He's a activist.
Get a new co-host. He literally does nothing, including shaving.
Watch  Kenny Wallace's video.  If you don't want to hear this joke say what Nascar wants him to say. So disappointing that an Earnhardt would sugar coat a pile of $#!+
Bubba drove over his head and wrecked his own car then bullied kyle to hide the fact that he ran out of talent
Pit reporter should always just ask this question. "Walk us through that from your perspective."
Wheres the in car video
Why wasn't bubba arrested for  assault and battery?
We don't need to see the telemetry. Here is where i prove it was intentional. If it wasn't he would have been over to his window checking to see if he was alright. That reaction only comes from one mindset: alright f*** face you wanna play games?! Lets play games! Then to be so fired up on a hot racetrack shows his anger superseded his rational thinking. Its not like he was racing for the championship. Not that it would excuse it if he was. But he had finally started putting the pieces together and was getting some decent finishes. Safety equipment has come along way but to be so caviler with everybody's lives like that, i dont think one race is enough. If you wanna do people dirty like that go down to spec miata. You are professionals.
Someone Please call the F.B.I.
Shame on You Jr, Your Daddy would whoop your ass,dodging the real issues.NASCAR has been done a long time and You know it.
Dale how meny times did your dad it to win that's what gets people to racetrack
Bubba lied he said he lost his steering
NASCAR has gone to hell.. they will continue to coddle Wallace .. they change rules to accommodate Wallace this clearly proves !
Dale just playing middle of road.  Boring video
Dale, you are one heck of a man and I love your podcast and watch them every week, sometimes more than once. I think you are one of the best advocates for drivers and NASCAR.  However, I think you are way off the boat on this one. I forget who said it but, Bubba would have been in Mike Helton's trailer right after this incident. NASCAR  is getting too Woke and Kyle could have been seriously injured.  You know all the complaints of the pain drivers have had after crashes with this car.  Not to mention Bubba took out a points contender.  Bubba should be suspended not for just one race but for the remainder of the season, as well as forced Anger Management Therapy.  Plus his team should be fined a large number of owner points.  We need another Mike Helton!!!!!
I agree there was not a shoving match but simply because Kyle is a tiny guy facing a bigger foe.
Wonder if Dale Junior’s working for NASCAR ,sure down played what happened.Sure change my opinion on him. Made me like Kyle Petty a whole lot more
Larson did not shove back.  He was stunned after hitting the wall hard.  Jr is protecting NASCAR with his comments when the facts are:  1. Larson ran Bubba too high and they touched.  2. Bubba retaliated by driving into Larson sending him hard into the wall 3. Bubba left his car under caution, in violation of rules and proceeded to walk 60yards to Larson. 4. Bubba was the only one shoving.  5. Bubba lied about the incident claiming his steering broke but telemetry clearly showed he was full throttle into Larson.   Bubba has a history of not telling the truth.
Dale is being super cowardly.... obviously trying to watch what he says. Be a man you coward and say what is obvious.
WTF???  JR afraid of getting cancelled or what. Thank God Kyle Petty is saying the truth and dropping the hammer.  If it were any other driver nascar would have suspended them for the rest of the season
Dale jr  seemed jumpy, scattered thoughts, not at his best. Maybe didn’t want to say anything derogatory about Bubba.
Thankfully they got the garage door ropes fixed....
NASCAR has rules? If you are talking about the rules for Roller Derby, maybe. Many Mondays I've seen highlights of any number of these hillbillies  pulling the same lack of control. But a black guy has it happen to him and we see all these comments that don't even try to hide their bigotry.
Just wanted to make sure I made the right decision not to ever watch another thing with dej. after watching this I made the right decision.
At that speed he should be out for the remainder of the year. He broke several rules  send a serious message that this antics will not be tolerated
Dale, why is it okay for Wallace to put his hands on an official..?
Bubba is black and nascar is woke. Done.
This piece of s%*t needs to be sitting the rest of the year, intentionally wrecks a driver, walks across an active track, physically pushes another driver around, which would land any of us in jail if we did this somewhere by the way. Refused to get in the safety car for a mandatory ride to get checked out. 1 race ? Get the hell out of here. Crew chiefs get more for a damn tire coming off.
Bottom line is both cars could have continued, maybe not loosing but, 4 or 5 positions. I realize Larson kept his cool but, i would have enjoyed watching Larson opening a can of ‘kung fu’ on Bubby.
Dale Jr playing politics on this one . Shameful.  Bubba definitely deserves a longer suspension
Thought the walking 🚶‍♂️ cross track or leaving car unless on fire rule was because of Tony Stewart sprint "accident"
Why would he admit wrong? C'mon Dale. When you've done wrong you admit it period. You don't try to hide it. God Bless.
David Ragan got fined  $20,000 for leaving his wrecked car and walking to the infield, yet bubba not only did the same thing, yet he pushes a nascaution official and all the other b.s he pulled and he wasn't fined a penny last i knew! He was sat down for 1 race,how about just send him to bed without supper instead?!?! C'mon man! We've seen drivers and crew chiefs fined like crazy yet this guy doesn't get fined anything as i heard so far. Looks like nascaution has been a little lite with the punishment, if we can call a spade a spade here!!! Smh....
Dale jr the only 1 who could have said what bubba did and not be retaliated against
Imagine if Kyle was Danica Patrick. He's basically her size. The size of Prince. What if a 6 foot tall dude was shoving Prince around?
Corporate Jr, done with this crap, no balls.
Come on Jr spit it out you know it was wrong
Didn’t bubba right hook Bowman at the roval? Then throw water in his face the guy will never learn
Isn't it time for Bubba Smollet to go away?
Have a podcast to actually muff out about your true opinions? Softer than baby ish.
Bubba was out of control, he deserves to be fined, and fired. But nothing will happen because he is black, and they don’t want controversy. If the tables were turned, all hell would break loose. He assaulted Larson and he should be punished. It was not a match it was an assault. I thought Dale would at least say it was wrong what bubba did, but it was not.
Dale tell the truth.
Wake me when Bubba OR Denny Hamlin ever take responsibility for their actions.  Obviously Bubba is Nascar's golden child despite never having accomplished anything.
Missed this one on the penalty dale jr..
Jr had this all wrong 1 race suspension no fine or any other punishment. Know this if it was someone did this to that race card playing peice of crap they would have the book thrown at them and probably would be booted from racing cause Bubba Smulitt would have cried racism.
Kyle Petty Said it best
I'm shocked how Jr thinks one race was to much. Should have been way more! Bubba Smollet is a race hustler and I think people are afraid of telling the truth.
Bubba should have been suspended the remainder of the year but nascar didn’t want Black Lives Matter protest
Jr . Wish he would act like he did years ago . He try’s to hard to be everybody’s friend . God be your self
Bubba is the greatest driver ever in NASCAR 🤦🏻🤦🏻🤦🏻😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why wasn’t he called to the trailer afterwards? Ole bubble the clown gets a slap on the wrist as usual.
Larson should learn mma for as big as he is.
Could care less
Considering his father made a living crashing other drivers I would think he would be ok with it
Deny the hook, fine. But when he arrogantly tells Marty Snyder to "quit fishing" he should've been hammered. The guy's a disrespectful punk.
Bubba needs to sit out the year 2023
Bubba woke untouchable
Bubba as telling Larson.., “l’m not Chase, dude”…
A tweet from @NASCARonFox (Oct 1, 2022): "NASCAR pulled this Hailie Deegan crew member's credential and escorted him from the track."  Not sure why Bubba Wallace can get out of his car onto the apron and confront Kyle Larson AND Bubba put his hand on a NASCAR official.  IMO: loss of driver points, owner points, and a fine and/or suspension.
Only one doing the shoving is Bubba . He’s a hot head always has been kick him out
BUBBA WALLACE IS AN "ALSO RAN". POLITICS DOESN'T BELONG IN RACING!!!
A race hoax with the pull rope, ramming a guy into the wall at 150 mph, then assaulting the guy. Let's be real here folks, there's only one reason he's still allowed to drive.
NASCAR sucks.Go woke go fking broke !
Terrible breakdown. Try and be a real interviewer
Bubba made a dangerous, life-threatening decision to retaliate and he should be punished accordingly.
Bubba is a waste of space. Maybe he should join the VIEW or something. Also had no remorse for taking out a fellow Toyota driver who STILL IN THE PLAYOFFS. Yet he expects to be considered a nascar driver.
So my question about the rule after Byrons deal is. Did Bubba get a fine as well as the 1 race suspension? Because if you ask me. With this car clearly not being safe as the previous one. Why didn’t bubba get more of a penalty? It was intentional!!! We have 1 guys career ended because of this car in Kurt. Drivers are going to keep getting hurt. Intentionally right rearing a guy on the track at that speed needs more of a penalty. That’s the bottom line.
my name is dale jr
Imagine if the guy that dropped the N bomb fought back…. Bubba and his little pity party would have used Larson as bait to get half the country burnt down!
Bubba brought ghetto to nascar.
Bubba should not be out there anymore.  If somebody gets hurt or worse, there will be no excuse.
Is this where we blame whitey?
What is it w Nascar ppl being diplomatic about Bubba? We all know they hate him but bc of race stupidity they can't say it.
Thing that surprised me about Bubbas out of control attacks on Kyle Larson  was that I knew Kyle was small in stature at 5' 6" 135 lbs., but upon research online everything shows Bubba the bully is also only a little 5'6" elf sized and weighs 175 lbs.
Dale the fans see through your bs
Bubba could face assault charges.
NASCAR IS A JOKE!
Bubba is a pus
Of course just go back and change the rules…. Gotta change the rules for this and that
Tell it like it is dont dance around the truth wallace was wrong in what he done
Sadly NASCAR picks and chooses what penalties will be enforced by the driver, not the penalties. Hopefully between now and Feb 2023, NASCAR can update their rule book, and stick with it, no matter who violates it.
Nascar won't do anything else because good old Bubba will naturally play the RACE CARD . Thats the only thing that's keeping his ass from being thrown out of NASCAR .
Bubba needs to go, he SUCKS,cry baby like his BOSS DENNY
Bubba perpetuates Asian Hate.
... let's all go listen to Kenny Wallace !!!
McDonald's who ???
A Little ???
I’m with Dale nascar did do something about walking away from your car a few yrs back.  But now if I remember they said you had to stay within a certain distance from your car after you got out.  Unless you being close to the car put you in danger.  IE cars on fire or something to that extreme.   And for Larson if you watch the video he was trying to get away from Wallace after the first push and it was Wallace that was the aggressor.  They should have suspended Wallace for the rest of the season however that is.    Not to sure where they are in the season now because I don’t watch nascar races anymore.   Maybe a highlight show if nothing better is on.     And one last thing for Dirty Moe production.    If nascar puts out all the penalties and fines on the Tuesday after the race why not do the show after Tuesday so you have all the latest info from race weekend.      I’m sure Dale and the Dirty Moe crew are super busy with running a racing company and other venture’s maybe Monday is the only day available to do the show
Wake up tomorrow dude got a bad neck,back or head  injury..what do we do ?
Glad to hear this segment at normal speed. Podcast seems to be running at time and a half. Was hard for me to stay engaged and keep up listening. I hope the whole podcast interview does not run fast like that; I don’t know if I will make it all the way through at that speed. I’m old. I feel like I’m having to run to keep up. I love these podcast. Can’t get enough. 😉😉😉
Bubba needs a years time out, lose the ride and go find a yard to mow....
It is my opinion that in addition to the points deduction and monetary fine, Bubba Wallace should be suspended from competition for the remainder of the season and a minimum of 2 races at the beginning of next season. Bubba stated in his interview quote "I don't lift". It's quite obvious that he intentionally hit Kyle Larson causing the entire wreck, but that wasn't enough for Bubba Wallace he physically assaulted Larson after the fact. This isn't the first time Bubba Wallace has been the cause of a wreck where he blames the other driver. If Nascar continues to allow Bubba to drive the way he does without any consequence somebody is going to be injured, quite possibly fans as he wrecked Larson coming off turn 4, turning Larson's car head on into the front straightaway wall, directly towards fans. I guess I have to address what Bubba was stating was the reason for his quote "I don't Lift" was Larson going 3 wide into turn 3. If you saw what I believe anyone watching that race saw was Larson getting a tremendous run and making an aggressive move to pass cars without losing his momentum, or contacting another car, which is the entire purpose of racing. It's sad to think Nascar doesn't like it's fans a much as Nascar fans like Nascar. A single race suspension is not even a slap on the wrist when you consider the danger Bubba Wallace's actions put Nascar fans in.
Bubba Chump should lose his nascar license for that act. Intentionally wrecking another driver, then shoving the other driver multiple times and shoving a nascar official. He put many people in danger with his little anger stunt and there is no room in the sport for what he did.
I haven’t heard of ANY points or ANY fine. Suspension only?
Bubba was doing what those folks do best... Playing the Victim Game!!!
Will Bubba finish in the top 20 this year?  While racing on one of the best funded teams in the sport?  Say what you want about him, but he's no Jeff Gordon.  His talent level may be slightly above Danica, but not much.  My question, if you let him bully other drivers around after wrecking them, what happens when one of them knocks him out?  How will that look for optics?
I have no idea why Kyle did not smack Bubba upside his head with his helmet. Bubba is a black supremacist. And there was no shoving match, Bubba was the only one shoving.
Wallace has no business in the cup series. He has little to no talent and he has a huge chip on his shoulder
I knew this would happen. I just knew it. Cowards, tell the truth!
Getting a little limp Dale why are you so soft on Bubba?
Telemetry jr you smuck
No points and no fine for Bubba so that shows Nascar treats Bubbles different he broke so many rules and Nascar will lose a ton of fans and sponsorship
Hope day weren't  no noose involved..😝🤪
A hit like that killed your father tho it wasn't intentionala hit like that could've killed him
Which move was more egregious, Larson’s or Wallace’s? Larson squeezed him off for no reason and wrecked him and broke his steering according to him
Spending someone out is one thing you don't write rear anybody and put them into the wall that is malicious that's trying to kill someone
You IMMEDIATELY said‘that’s retaliation’ on live tv. I heard it & so did everyone listening. I AGREE WITH YOU 👍👍👍
Bubba is just a poor sport. Broke many rules and should be suspended rest of the season.
👎
Budda needs put on his roof into the wall roof first..  Imo..
Aussies wouldn’t tolerate shitdrivers causing havoc , u wold b disqualified fullstop the egos on these blokes and there not even that talented especially on road courses,
I lost respect for Jr on this one. Jr wasn't sure about the rule for getting out of the car while it was on the track but was corrected. He didn't mention how Bubba  pushed the official and refused to get in the emergency vehicle. Those plus the shoving of Larson which he could have had a concussion from the wreck should have netted a ban for the last three races.
Let's just forget about just turning somebody...it's not like it was bristol
Hmmm,,, seems to  me that Bubba had steering when he went after Larson
Bubba Smollet again,just sayin'
NASCAR decided to suspend Wallace for the race at Homestead nothing further no points deduction and no money deduction
Bubba could have ended Kyle Larson’s career. For what? To protect his 30th position in the owner standings? Non factor, below average driver.
I wonder if Bubba would have tried to be so tough if it was someone else?! Someone Bubba knew would stand up to him & fight?! Personally I don't think so!! I think if that had been someone Wallace knew would fight back, he WOULD NOT have gotten physical!! The problem is that there are VERY FEW, IF THERE ARE ANY MEN LEFT IN THE SPORT!! Nascar is wimp city!! Just like so many other sport & in so many other areas, there are fewer & fewer men involved!! Understand the distinction & massive difference in between being a MAN & being a MALE!?
Bubba the king of the race card to do whateverhe feels like. Nice way to live eh.
Nascar is a joke man you know it and I know
🤦‍♀️
Larson should have knocked the McShit out of Bubba. I can't stand him. Nascar dropped the ball by just suspending him 1 race. He should gave been fined as well for not going to the ambulance which is a Nascar rule.
Love Bubba, Love Dale…love how all these idiots try to tie “woke” to everything and haven’t any idea what it really means. Fake news! Voter fraud! Tried to kill Larson! All a joke. I remember Carl Edwards flipping BradK at ATL. Now that was a problem. This lil incident at Vegas…not!
NASCAR failed on the punishments for Wallace...He got a hand slap!! Not fair!
They’re gonna beat around the bush. All for the sake of equity.
Why does Jr protect Bubba and his childish, entitled tendencies?  He wrecked himself twice in half a lap. Larson never touched him. he crowded Bubba no doubt, but Wallace had room and ran out of talent.  Bubba showed his stupidity by saying he don't lift. If he would've lifted, he's running 7th with a chance to win the race.  I lost all respect for Bubba
Dale you are wrong on this one.
Driver points mean nothing to bubba he dont have enough to matter
I didn't know Nascar fans were so sensitive when it came to pushing. There are literally tons of vids on YouTube dedicated to nascar fights, so let's relax with the fake outrage about the pushing. Now as far as Bubba intentionally recking Kyle he was dead wrong for that. I think Kyles account of the incident was very accurate. Bubba show be penalized fairly according to nascar rules.
Dale Jr.  that was terrible!  Was almost like Nascar was in his ear telling him what to say.
I wonder if the shoes was reverse if people still fill the same way? Probably not while other did the same thing in the past wow racism is still alive in america today
I'll just say it Bubba Wallace sucks thank you for suspending him for One race they should have did it for two that was intentional
My goodness I couldn't even watch the rest of this little segment. Junior is weak in his comments about what happened during the race. This is surprising to me. Here is a man that basically left the sport because of concussions.
You know I like Dale Jr.  but really……..who really cares what he says or what he thinks!  He doesn’t own Nascar!  And he certainly doesn’t own the Nascar Leaders!  Case and point…….Bubble Wallet should be kicked out of Nascar for good because nobody hit him and he reacted like he did…..he hit the wall because like he stated,  he doesn’t lift!  But to purposely wreck another driver and others because of his stupid actions he should be terminated completely!  Sponsors spend way too much money supporting race teams and they in turn spend way to many hours putting together a race car to race for some idiot who was raised with a silver spoon in his mouth who really doesn’t care to total because he made a bad decision!   I’m sure I’m not the only fan and Nascar supporter to feel this way!  Kyle Larson is a class act and if I had been at that race when he attacked Kyle we would be having some personal time getting to know one another!  So, if Nascar doesn’t stop this kind of behavior coming from someone who calls the self a Professional then people will stop supporting Nascar and that may cause Sponsors to stop sponsoring which could have a detrimental effect on Nascar!
wallace committed assault and battery after the on track incident !... why does anyone get away with that? I'd press charges.
Kenny's  absolutely right not only that the  guy in front it's  his  racetrack!
Earnhardt is woke with Wallace
Dale would speak different is Larson died like his daddy
DALE JR, IS FULL OF IT !!!...WHAT WOULD JR DO IF HE GOT PUSH 5 TIMES LIKE THAT ? BUBBA GOT TO GO !
Jr. who did Larson shove!
If Bubba doesn't play the race card it wil be because his owner/team convinces him anyone in his place would get the same punishment.
I didn't give you much room,  but I gave you enough.  - Dick Trickle  Bubba couldn't handle any schooling from Dick Trickle.
Bubba sucks horrible behavior
FBI needs to investigate this a a possible hate crime against Asian Americans.
I'll agree with Kenny Wallace on his post.
Professional victim Bubba lost his cool
NASCAR did nothing because he's black Bubba is a POS.  That should not be in a car
Good thing Larson didn't use his words and hurt Bubba's feelings!!
Bubba was wrong and Dale you know it was but you don’t want to ruffle any feathers for Bubba.
You sux on this one Dale
Dale Jr is a puss
Django unchained
BLM
Look better Dale bubba caused the entire wreck he wrecked. Him self he hiit the wall by himself then ouut of the wall into Lawson then he mad at Lawson.  Why he can't drive
From now on if I continue to watch NASCAR, it will be muted with MRN radio. This wokeness is gonna kill the sport and the new car is junk!
JR IS DEFFINATLY NOT HIS DADDY
A MAN SHOVED ME LIKE THAT I WOULD HAVE BROKEN HIS JAW FOR HIM
Byron addmited and through the appeal got it reversed this incident happened and because of who someone is seems to have influence in what is the outcome!
kind of disappointing that you have to tread lightly about this. It's perfectly clear what happened. I really thought you had a spine, but I am sadly mistaken.
Bubba Wallace should be fired
Dale I respect your politically correct, ass kissing opinion. However I love your dad's unbiased sometimes unpopular calls on everything. Right or wrong he stood for something come hell or Highwater. Popularity and trying to be everybody's friend doesn't suit the Earnhardt tradition.
Larson never touched the whiney B boy
DANCE  DALE DANCE  DON'T  PISS YOUR  SPONSORS  OFF  LOT OF PEOPLE'S  GONNA CHANGE THE WAY THEY THINK OF YOU!
Bully Bubba 🤔
If you can say it was a shoving match and we know it wasn't. then how can we believe anything else you say
Or it could be 0 points, zero dollars and a meaningless 1 race suspension. Multiple violations, slap on the wrist. Yeah, that will teach Wallass a lesson....
where do I get a phone stand as you have in that show ??
Man....Bubba is such a man baby...he should've been suspended for life !!!
I think the fact that Bubba pushed the official should have been a fine. I can't believe that was not even brought up.
Bubba fault we all know why nascar did nothing that's why I dont watch anymore
Why is Junior pussyfooting? His father would call it like it is. Embarrassing.
Has happened in the past with Wallace. Also,  why isn't anyone discussing how Wallace's intentional act effect it has for Bell and his championship run. That alone should have Wallace suspended to the end of the season.
C'mon Jr, stop trying to tiptoe around this subject. Bubba took out 2 cars because of his immaturity. He deserves to sit the last 3 races.
With all the " rules" Bubba broke he got off lite IMHO..Not just wrecking Kyle but crossing the track and shoving him..Note Kyle never shoved back
Entitlement for Bubba ( the pull rope) Wallace
My God the wokeness and canceling that people are trying to do to Bubba.  I guess this is no longer a tough man's sport, bunch of wimps.  This would've been business as usual in the 90s or even early 2000s. Hmmm.... I wonder why people are doing this to this particular driver and trying to pretend that's not what it is.  I applaud NASCAR for its fair punishment and not bowing to the woke mob.  All you people are so obvious and see thru 😂
Lost some respect for Dale here. Sounds like NBC is talking, not Dale.
I feel like Bubba hit wall on his own accord driver error. He’s driving the McD’s car because of Kurt’s injury he needs to think about that. He could end someone’s career due to his hot head. Have some self control Bubba maybe that comes with age experience.
It looks like to me that Nascar kissing Bubba behind, pucker-up
The cars are much more rigid now.. look at the injuries so far.. This kind of stupid crap can really  mess someone up.. especially at full speed .. Token entitlement.
Wrecking someone, not the first time. Shoving another driver, not the first time. Shoving an official, not the first time. Claiming they weren't at fault, not the first time. Doing all four in the same incident? I can't recall that before. No wonder he got suspended.
I’m done watching this Circus 🎪 they call nascar !! What a joke
The "FINES" should all go to the teams that were wrecked as a consequence.
NAPCAR 💩the bed on this one. Bubba is guilt of 4 offenses. Wrecking another car, unsafe behavior, shoving Larson,and shoving official. He gets one race suspension?! 😂 Must be nice to be protected
Anyone remember the "When keeping it real goes wrong" segments of the original Dave Chapelle show? This is one of them cases.
Bubba should be removed from NASCAR always make excuses for him! He is a danger to himself and others! I'm done with WOKE NASCAR!
That damn bubba shouldn't be in a race car for the rest of the year!!
Nascar is a darn circus showboats and camera queens abound i quit bein a faithful watcher since playoffs gimme a break start the race and race to the finish oh letsntakena pause
Larson hit him first
When asked how he felt about wrecking my driver Christopher Bell also, Bubba replied that’s sports 😡🤬
The rule where the driver has to be escorted by a AMR safety official is ridiculous. Those guys are either paramedics or retired firefighters. There’s no way they can physically make a driver go where he wants to go if that driver is angry. Not without assaulting them. You’re basically just putting another person in danger when you’re forcing him to walk with an angry driver
Dale's playing at devil's advocate. He's a commentator for NASCAR for television the monsters. It wasn't a shelving match it was bubba shoving him around no find thus far I'm sure if Larson was doing it to him that had been a different story I'm just saying bubba did not only take himself out of the race took Larson of the race and he took the other guy out of the race if he'd just control his car they were both all of them would have stayed in the race he should be held accountable for the actions on sportsman lake assault sad very sad and Dale is very sad that you're trying to downplay it trying to keep your job you don't need the money bro do what your father would do tell it like it is stop sugar coating it grow a pair it's only for your father God bless him God bless all..... Wwg1wga......
NASCAR has to do better. Loose wheel on pit road and crew cheif gets suspended for rest of season and hefty fine I believe. And all bubba gets a 1 race suspension. There was at least 3 violations not exceptable.
I think Jr is tip toeing around so as not to piss off NBC execs, NASCAR, or some of the sponsors. Jr probably would like to express himself without sugarcoating.
Kyle was just in an accident...he wasn't cleared yet as being ok and Bubba roughly shoved him several times. If Kyle had any spinal issues or concussed...Bubba's actions could have been dangerous for Kyle. It was very reckless behavior.
NASCAR need camera to watch the wheel and the pedal. On every car.    I the second time he pushed me I would put a WHITE EYE on the driver's license I would I would hit he so hard
Bubba gives NASCAR a bad look . He should have to sit out the remainder of the season and be fined for his ATTACK on a much smaller driver who was apologetic about this racing incident . Same old 23xll move ,cry about everyone else and not owning up for themselves doing much of the same.
So basically Mike likes Bubba because hes entertaining when he gets emotional on the mic. LOL
Why don’t you just tell it like Kyle Petty did the truth
I knew this was coming, just like Dale Jr. said it's in the rule book. Neither one is a playoff driver, good grief!
My name is Wubba, 🤪 Wubba Ballace and I'm a professional athlete.  😡
What a butt kissing show...Why not get little bubbys name tattooed on your forehead. He doesn't belong on the track and it's taking everyone bending over backwards to let him. His owner had to give him his own pit crew to make him relevant.  Dale Sr would have told it like it is and not bent over for the woke media.  Pathetic
Typical Nascar/NBC employee answer.
The guy tried to seriously injure another driver and when that wasn't enough he physically assaulted him...but yeah he had such a great interview. You guys are trash shilling for that lunatic.
You gotta give it to Larson! The way he was holding that helmet, he could have done some damage! Larson is a standout true nascar driver! Gotta had it to him!
Excellent breakdown by these 2 professionals. Got to the point but stayed objective of the topic and did not get emotionally invested to present their argument. Throughly enjoyed this.
Correction it wasn't "a shoving match", it was Bubba did all the assaulting. NASCAR is being easy on Wallace, they will do no more than they have to appease fans! Could they have gone any easier on Bubba. He get's a wink, not even a slap on the wrist, but a wink. NASCAR sucks!
Of course Dale Jr.  takes up for Bubba Wallace,  same guy who gets all over Ross Chastain for driving like Dale Sr.  Dale Jr. is like a politician trying to BS every situation.  Just admit that Bubba was wrong and he should be suspended for the rest of the year and a fine for leaving his car.
These guys need to make their FN mind up on the whole "etiquette" crap. Everyone is trying to win correct? Larson didn't even make contact with BW but because he got alongside him it's his fault BW got into the wall?!?! GTFOH, that's right I forgot...BW doesn't lift.  NASCAR is getting very close to what the refs in the NFL are doing as far as QB's goes.  Why don't they just cut grooves in all the tracks and make them slot cars 🙄
Nothing Larson did was outside the realm of what they all do. Sure, Bubba would be pissed, anyone would be in his position. If every driver handled it the way Bubba did, there would be no cars left to finish the race ever. Bubba's action immediately after with the intentional take out, and the pushing after they stopped is that of a spoiled child. F him.
Nascar has now demonstrated their true colors
I know it's tough but you have to be honest about this Dale, and not play the PC game.
Does everyone skip the first part of this vid. @ 1:19 He literally says it but everyone in the comments saying he didn't say anything and tip-toe around it. I don't get why Jr getting hate on this. He said everyone genuinely believed Bubba wrecked him. Then he said its up to Bubba to prove he didnt. I don't see what's wrong with what he said.
What about the pushing away of AMR official?
fairly predictable after this incident that the NASCAR knuckle draggers on Twitter were calling for the return of the Confederate flag to the races
Listen Dale Jr they were doing 170 mph they were doing 40 at the road course I thought you were all about safety don't you realize how dangerous it is to get spun out into a concrete wall at 170 mph I don't have to tell you do I wake up Dale Jr you're becoming awfully f****** liberal next thing you know you're going to be wearing a black lives matter t-shirt
I turned it off the second I heard "shoving match." Kenny Wallace interpreted this incident perfectly.
I agree with what Kyle petty said, bubba should have been suspended for the rest of the year!
He might be a legend ex driver but he can hardly string a coherent sentence together.
It's racing. Wallace had No business Taking Larson out. Took the 20 car out.
The UBB's just naturally violent, Violence is oxygen to them
HI Dale. When Tony Stewart punched the camera man at Dover years ago you were the only voice that would stick up for him. I've been a fan ever since and love to here what you have to say and this was no different. Thanks
Should be parked for the rest of the year. One race is not enough
Bubba Wallace  should  have been suspended for rest of year & sent to anger management  because he was out of control and could have killed Kyle  Larson.  Come on Dale you know that!
Needs more punishment!!!
If Bubba tried this nonsense with your Father the outcome would of been completely different. No woke and political corrections back in those days. Bubba would of go a new reckoning. The most entitled driver in Nascar. Wake up Nascar and do your job.
Bubba needs to be removed. He is nothing but trouble.
Quiting believing SPORTS. It's all corrupted by Disney trying to "entertain" you with fake scenes
Bubba is TRASH!!!! he has NO class what so ever.. the day he threw water in Bowmans face while he was sitting down, he lost any respect. Just my Opinion of course
Crybaby Bubba 😭😭😭
Dale sr never took somebody out then immediately assault the guy he just took out on the track. That’s the difference
They will always look the other way and bend the rules for Bubba.
IMHO seeing as Kyle's car never touched Bubba's car, everything Bubba did from stuffing his own car into the wall and onwards, was not only idiotic and dangerous, but also does nothing to further his career either. WHAT I find disturbing though between Dirty Jo media, and many many other media commentators on NASCAR, everyone says that Bubba ( and others in the same situation in the past) need to NOT admit what they did........ So this brings a question to my mind. If you are a race car driver in any othe series, and you do something like this, should you not have the integrity to be honest and admit what you did?  If you have the balls to do something like this, shouldnt you have the integrity and honesty to take your punishment? Or should you LIE like all the media suggests you should in post race interviews............ And what exactly does this demonstrate to the public, as well as younger people that look up to these drivers and are learning whats right and wrong in life, in particular lying and truth........
Maybe you should have Marty on the show! The Life of a Pit Reporter. That would be great conversation.
Dale you need to say what you really think!!   Go woke go broke
Bubba Smollet he should be park rest of year!!    And Gibbs needs to send him packing
If jimmy Spencer still had his segment on racehub, bubba would get the crying towel and the straight jacket.
you have to much invested in NBC I disagree with you. Kenny Wallace was spot on
All respect to you Dale. You a good guy, but you sounded like a little girl, just screaming 😱 like a bit**, on Sunday. I understand you were in the heat of the moment JUST THINK 🤔 KNOCKING CHRISTOPHER BELL OUT,  WORKED TO THE ADVANTAGE OF ADVANCING HAMILTON. SO SHOULD BUBBA BE FINED FOR MANIPULATING THE PLAYOFFS 😂 LOL.
That idiot should not be able to ever race again He also intentionally tried to hurt another driver should be in jail in my opinion. NASCAR already can't put people in the stands then they basically give that idiot Wallace a pass.
Wait! What? Uh, I stand by Bubba 100% and believe he should have been suspended for one race, fined, and docked points.  But so should Larson.  Boneheaded moves on lap 98 should be grounds for punishment too.    Now, let’s say what needs to be said:  Bubba lost his mind and destroyed his own car! It was fixable until the hook!
What Wallace did with his car, hitting Larson at 150+ MPH intentionally is or could be a criminal act. Let us see if NASCAR has the mind set to call a penalty equal to Wallace’s intentionally act itself. Plus, Wallace physically attached, putting his hand’s on Larson was a hostile act of aggression on national TV. That would get you a visit to the stripped bar hotel. Will NASCAR support this? Does Mc Donalds support these kind of actions? McDonalds should take some kind of action or does this say they agree with this kind of driving? My family will NO longer support McDonalds. Well, is this the kind of drivers and reputation that Toyota, Joe Gibbs, Denny Hamlin, and sponsor McDonalds support them that use their cars as retaliation.
Quit sucking bubbas dick.
Where's the in car camera? He intentionally drove into Larson. He walked across the track.  He attacked Larson. 3 strikes........I say Huge fine Driver and Owner.  3 race Suspension for Bubba. And some sort of probation after suspension.
No points, no fine.
Get bubba out of nascar!
why not called to nascar hauler ..oh...had nos on the door...curtains where confederate flags...sorry
If the roles were reversed Kyle Larson would be banished from Nascar for life, oh wait wasn't Larson banished for a word? Which is said a billion times a day.
The rule is if you get out of your car it’s only for fire purposes your cars on fire that’s the only reason you can get out your car is on fire and it’s going inside the rage inside the drivers compartment
He's the only one who shoved and he  wrecked Kyle in a dangerous spot. People are to scared to just tell it like it is and grill him. Bubbles is a choad.
keep wrecking the 5 until he realizes he doesn't own the track. right hook, left hook, rear hook, front hook ... whatever
The just escorted a crew member off for chasing a tire 🤦🏼 but not cry baby bubba
Bubba wrecked himself. Bubba retaliated. Bubba walked across a live track. Bubba put hands on Larson w/out retaliation. For those violations, Bubba should sit the rest of the season. Now who gets privilege? Bubba, Mr. Top 20 after six years.
They never made contact dale ever. Bubba is a baby that’s racing. Would have loved to see him treat your father like this
Ban bubba for life...!!
Carl Larson = Russ Wheeler
NO NO NO JR !!!  NO SHOVING MATCH , TAKES TWO TO MAKE A MATCH  !!! IT'S A BUBBA SHOVING TRANTRUM !!!! KYLE  PETTY'S TAKE IS CORRECT !
Come on Dale. You’re better than this..
NASCAR IS ON THE WAY OUT, sad to see, woke will go broke!!
Why will nobody talk about the fact that Larson has no problem wrecking anybody...  no matter who, no matter where. Teammate,  no big deal, I'm just not proud of what happened...  for the 3rd time... Anyone else? Who wouldn't he wreck for a position no matter the lap of the race?!
On live broadcast you basically defended BLM
I think we all need to have an open mind about people and life Your the only black driver Which means your different from the people in your circle I'm black I'm not a fan of Bubba's but I'm proud of him I like Kyle Larson I don't like Kyle Busch I don't like Chase Elliott My opinion but Can you imagine how hard it is for Bubba to be on this race track with drivers that can race but he's here trying to catch up He was wrong.   Period.   For how he handled this Bubba actually won the first segment I think he showed how envious he is about Kyle Larson Bubba was wrong People matter  He's the most disliked driver of all nascar drivers  Thanks Michael Jordan for giving him a chance  Don't give up Bubba.  I know you feel alone but you got to control and even over come your envy  Drive your race car too the best of your ability.   In my closing We all got to love another
What about the physical assault?
Compare the penalties to the rest !
Bubba loves controversy and he got a load for this
Hey old news Bubba suspended as should be in car cam showed he took out Larson and Bubba lied
Larson was suspended for the "N" word and a year later becomes the Nascar champ. Bubba already has at least a subconscious problem with Larson. Then he hits bullied and that's it wham I'll take that sucker out. I've got no problem with his response just have a problem with where he responded.
And then there was a suspension, that apparently nobody saw coming. And at one race, it hardly seemed enough, after all that happened...
cannot believe mcdonalds puts up with this
Talk about sugar coating it and staying all political. Never mind Bubba took out a driver that was in contention for the championship. Never mind Bubba was the only one pushing someone. Never mind we all know these cars are not safe and put someone in the wall well over 150 mph. Lost respect for both these guys!
NASCAR is afraid of that CHUMP 😡😡
Bubba should have been parked for the rest of the season and heavily fined. At least NASCAR is consistently inconsistent. I've been a NASCAR fan since the 80's and I'm disgusted with what NASCAR has evolved into.
Bubbles would be the reason no one is watching the race anymore. His actions last Sunday were childish at best. Not at all entertaining 🤷‍♂️
Junior trying to stay in the good graces of NASCAR, he wants to be an owner one day 🤦‍♂️
This was all on Bubba, geeze Dale, stop sugar coating it.
so  sad,you guys are a sell out..  why are you kissing bubba's ass's?
So what about the podcast of DJD that bubba was on when he said right rearing somebody is wrong and is grounds for fighting?
Kyle was scared if he do something to that guy they throw him out again for racism he got family to take care of and it was sad for me to look and not punch the guy if you can't handle this kind of think then don't race and I think I can drive better than that guy being 10 laps down anybody can do that
NASCAR cowered because Wallace is black
I’m disappointed in Bubba, he should have punched his midget ass.
JR scared no balls
Bubba gets special treatment because he plays the race card
Good Lord Dale! Quit studdering around and be honest.
Screw NASCAR, Screw Bubba, Screw racing, it all sucks and the crybabies with their cookie cutter cars aren't entertaining.   From today forward I will watch Golf and the antique guys. I'm to old for to much excitement anyway,  I will come home from church and just take a nap!  NASCAR will be racing electric cars in a few years. Tie them onto a drop cord and let the cars run autonomous, drivers can pop open a few beers and see who can make it to stage two.  Make the crew pop a few and let them push peanuts with their noses for the final lap, (no caution flags). No interviews with the drivers, they are all drunk by stage three. Drivers must stager straight to the motorhome and drive home with all the other drunks leaving the parking lot. Now that would be fun!
And Bell had to pay a big price.
Bubba needs his ass whupped. Dude has a humongous chip on his shoulder ever since he lied about the garage pull rope.
this was a complete waste of 10 minutes.
Tuff guy Bubba picking on the smallest guy in Nascar. Larson doesn't give a rats ass about mediocre driver who's got mental issues obviously
Nascar shows favouritism towards ford and chevy. Busch(wrecked a Chevy), Kenseth(wrecked a Ford), Wallace(wrecked a Chevy). All suspended. Edwards(wrecked a dodge), Gordon(wrecked a toyota), Byron(spun a Toyota)not suspended
nothing will be done.race card will be played
They didn't hit the wall, Bubba did. He's a punk. Bubba has a history of doing this
How can people still follow this sport can’t stand the Wokecar! Of today .Nascar used to be for the working people but they ruined it with all the woke bs . Hell they probably rigging who wins !! Boy bet Bill France & Dale sr are pissed ! Sad to see!
Sometimes , just sometimes , you guys drink too much cool aid
C'mon; not to be a Canadian stereotype  more public righteous fights please. Yeah Bubba!
Bubba and his better than everyone else attitude and chips on both shoulders needs to go forever out of nascar also don't eat or have anything to do with McDonald's until they pull there sponsorship from bubba
Burger King is better
Bottom line. Penalty wasnt severe enough. Not nearly severe enough. Was it due to this skin color? Only nascar knows.
I swear I saw two dude's wearing MAGA hats driving that car. I think I saw a noose hanging from the rearview mirror too. Does anyone smell bleach?
When they were side by side  Bubba turned the front wheel of his car  into larsons front wheel. That made Larsons car looser and sent Bubba up into the wall...  The data from Bubbas car will show this in great detail....
Ya how much did the car cost .lol do it again  .bubba every race .cars are free to blm ...lol lol
Nascar has failed the fans & all the Cup drivers with their 1 race suspension and no fine for all the rules he did not follow. Done for the season + fine should have been the call. Shame on Nascar.
He didn't care about his teammates he said that's sports
Parker showed the telemetry and Bubba is not telling the truth
If Bubba wouldn't have wrecked  the 5 they both could've kept racing, SMH
He put hands on a nascar official
Dale, are you trying to protect Bubba?
Bubba got off easy because of his color. Plain and simple.
Bubba throws water in Bowman’s face while he was sitting on the ground, now walks all the way to Kyle only to shove him, and run his mouth? Yea , believable tough guy for sure 😂 SOFT.  the apology delivery was weak and full bs. Dude is a chump.
Bubba needs to go to the house, say what you want but he's brought more negatives than positives to nascar with him and they cave everytime for him just like corporate America.
Larson may be half bubba's size but he is 10 times the driver that bubba will be!! Jr. Get real!!!!
Dale Jr talking like Kamala trying to spin this in Bubbas favor.
Wish dale gave his actual opinion on the situation instead of just guessing what the penalty would be
Why are you and everyone going after Bubba Walllace for doing just what Dale Sr. Did on a very regular basis. I have watched Dale Sr. deliberaly do to the other drivers to win a race. I have seen every big name driver deliberately wreck an opponent in a race including you.
Bubba smollet strikes again
Bubba never apologized to Kyle..
Criminally, Bubba committed aggravated battery with a deadly weapon (3500# car) (suspension 1). Bubba BATTERED (Florida law says the unwanted touch from another person) Larson a human being no less that 3 times (suspension 2). Bubba, who is a very talented driver, continued his childish, angry, on the ground temper tantrum, refusing to do as the safety officials said REPEATEDLY (suspension 3). At this point in his childish career, Bubba Wallace and his antics have NO PLACE IN NASCAR.  Oh, and by the way, NO IN PERSON PUBLIC APOLOGY YET TO EITHER DRIVER HE CRASHED and a bullshit tweet obviously not written by him and certainly not to the two people he put in danger.
You should have hit bubba in the face with his helmet he was not being aggressive Papa was being an ass a bully number five is a small guy that was a big fat hog and he's a bully
I like Bubba and 23XI Racing team...but I agree with Kyle Petty. Bubba should have been suspended for the rest of the season. For hitting the #5, for walking across the track, and for shoving Larson after walking over to him. I didn't hear what Herm said should happen, but I heard what Kyle Petty said and I agree with Kyle Petty.
BubbaSMOLLET It’s ok JR, you don’t need to blow the wokecar fans; they ain’t watching you
Yeah, I'm about done with these guys.
Total Stupidity, it was lap 94 of 267 and lap 14 of 85 for Stage 2. Why wouldn't you lift if you got put in a bad spot "Mr. I'm not lifting"?  Harvic saw what was going on and he lifted.  Last lap I'm good with it but at that time it was just dumb. If he was smart he would have cracked the throttle and attempted to do a crossover when Larson washed high.  You have to lift at times.
You can feel the tension and apprehensiveness in this podcast.  Everyone is scared to say the wrong, or right thing.  This woke culture is going to be the death of this country.
I’m sorry I’ve gotten out of some bad situations by telling the truth. Sure I got in some trouble but nothing like if I had lied.
Snowflake jr n blm bubbles both have been deceived into thinking what they are doing is good….. can’t think for self
I am quite surprised by how wishy-washy this was. I find it hard to believe that Dale Jr is genuinely unsure if this was intentional. He knows it was. He’s just walking on eggshells and it’s hard to watch
Park him for the rest of the year. They did it to Kenseth... and since Bubba is driving for owners points since Kurt is out, maybe someone will get through to this guy...
Guess Nascar found another rule book JR, one race suspension is a slap on his pinky finger
Bubba Smolet
looking forward to Pt 2 where you cover what NASCAR actually did
I'm disappointed in you two :( There was no shoving match. What Larson should have done was went upside Token's head with his helmet.
Hey JR. if your old man made the Larson move and ran Bubba up to the wall  and Bubba took your old man out would you think any different . Or, if rolls were reversed and your dad was taken into the wall would your old man take out the driver all the way to the apron and would your dad be right in doing that . Kenny Wallace had it right as we all know . Bubba's steering was fine so was his car  because he was excellerating into Larson on the apron. It was a BS move yeah Bubba shoulds have been mad but him being the butt hurt little biatch he is he took them both out. kyle made a bold and aggressive move on the bottom to try and take the lead and Bubba should have backed out to fight another lap for the lead .It was a very self prfrozing move for butt hurt Bubba and he alone was the criminal for assaulting another driver in other words it was a typical road rage incident that on camera was very very apparent to all
Bubba should be driving a Dominoe's delivery car. Anyone else l with his talent level or lack of wouldn't be in that car.  Nastycar's token
Bubba. The new Busch without the skill
He even shoved the EMT person!!! It’s bullshit. It’s because he’s black people cannot say what they think.
Wallace should be banned from The Daytona International Speedway  property for Speed Weeks 2023.
Indefinite suspension should be the call.
No use for Bubba in any respect….basically a no talent ass!
No longer Dale JR . Now just ol koolaid drinking PC Dale! and his boot licking sidekicks!
After listening to Dale say nothing, the left sure has him converted, he won’t say nothing against Bubba
Yes HOOK #5 Larson SUSPENSION ! WALKING across a live track SUSPENSION ! ATTACKING another dirver SUSPENSION ! PUSHING and NOT OBEYING an official SUSPENSION ! NOT GETTING INTO  an AMBULANCE after a crash on the track SUSPENSION ! WHERE THE HELL IS NASCAR!!! FK nascar read your RULE BOOK, look under SUSPENTIONS!!! Your LOSSING FANS!!!
Gee Dale, are you really afraid of having an opinion? Are you tired from all that verbal gymnastics.  Kenny Wallace actually put in better insight about the situation and was honest about it.  You afraid of the Woke Police? Coward.
Adios Wallace forever!
If his team and Nascar had the slightest bit of common sense, they would use this opportunity to cut ties with "bubba" at the end of this season. Keeping a guy around who has temper problem and a history of seeking publicity through portraying nascar in a negative light, is just asking for problems in the future.
All you YouTuber on this issue handle Bubba with kid gloves. You say nothing in a ton of BS. Bubba is a guy looking for a hand up! From the Pull String on the garage door that took 25 FBI agents busy! I thought he was a good guy, butlost respect for him. Keep tiptoeing around him and you'll fade away not him! I was born and raised in a mixed neighborhood and have NO problems with people of color!
The penalty is a Bubba Wallace rule. Only Bubba Wallace. Nobody else.
If you are going to be professional in something…well be super professional, and bubba…needs to control that anger, and be more productive, and probe that he’s a professional Nascar driver
What a disappointing milquetoast analysis.
Clearly Jr knew the rules better than NASCAR did.  Clearly NASCAR blew the call
Wallace certainly showed his true colors. I'm surprised the punishment is not more severe, imo.
Oh how I’ve been waiting for this upload
Lot of be careful it’s bubbles here 😩😩it doesn’t compare to a road course spin 🙈bubbles is a punk 😎Rickster
JR LOOKING THROUGH ROSE COLORED GLASSES AGAIN
Bubba showed no remorse whatsoever for anybodys safety.     What little respect I had for Bubba is completely gone .
Jr saw his dad get a little tappy at high speeds ...and the result was catastrophic.     You would think Jr would have a few more harsh words for a driver that puts others at risk .....with nothing to gain but payback .
I'm not saying he was right or wrong, but I understand the heat of the moment in a racing situation. But I also agree with the consequences of his actions.
I don't like Larson or Wallace. But I notice the 5 run out of talent and take someone out. He has hit the guys I root for by driving over his head. PLUS it was TOOOO early to be driving aggressively.
Larson needs to breakout a Asian Lives Matter car for the next race. 🤣😂🤣😂
Sounds like a lot of bullshit and no substance.
THANK YOU JR  YOU I TRUST AND BELIEVE .....THANK YOU
Dale Jr,  NASCAR made the rules about staying in the car when  Tony Stewart ran someone over  on a dirt track in a sprint car. I think you were still driving. Obviously they don’t enforce it anymore.
Dale Jr said about the rule "... no getting out of car *before* safety crew gets there..."   I thought that came from Tony S. killing the kid (21?) in the NY state sprint car race.  Also, NO walking on a *"LIVE TRACK"*
Nascar died when Dale Earnhardt Sr died. It has never been the same. Today stuff is a circus and that is why nobody is in the stands. RIP!
nascar gave bubba his first win... NOT EARNED!
The Democrats and the Kardashians sisters would say it was Kyle Larson fault
So maybe do the show Tues since the penalties and other news seems to come out then.  Just a thought, lol.
For being so stupid and he could have killed someone and just proved he's dangerous.  Should be banned for life and if not nascar should be held responsible if he does it again and kills someone.
Wokecar nothing much else too it
Stevie Wonder could have seen what Bubba did was intentional!
It IS Nascar"s responsibility to determine if Bubba did LIE about his car losing the steering (as he stated). If they don't Nascar has lost even more integrity. I'd give $1000 if when Bubba walked up to the 5 car Robbie Gordon got out of the car. Think Bubba would have shoved him?
if Bubba can claim the door pull then i claim its a Asian hate crime change my mind
Suspend Bubba…..indefinitely!
I love Jr, and what he represents, BUT, very disappointed with him not calling out Bubba Gump for his total bullshit act.
Typical See Nascar just as nuetered as mainstream America
Larson pussied out. As soon as oreo pushed him it should have been hands on
His interview was like Kyle Busch, and we all now how well liked he is. Bubbba seemed like a little crybaby, keep liking him less all the time.
Loved Bubba in the truck series. Couldn't wait for him to get to cup. Then slowly watched him change to an entitled punk.
Bubba should be gone for 2022. He should be ordered to go to anger management classes before he comes back. If Lawson did that his fines would be greater. And he would be accused of The race card Bubba cannot bring anything to The table. Bubba will bring nascar down more than what it's rt now. There is no shame in bubba game.
Take the kid gloves off & tell us what you really think, Junior! 🫤
It's racing,this stuff will happen,let's move on
Wow! If that wasn't the most politically correct explanation of what happened, I'll eat my #88 hat. If not for Bell, we could be talking about severe head trauma for Larson at best. I'm  shocked that as a driver, Dale didn't roast Wallace for how dangerous that retaliation was. BTW, a shoving match takes 2 people. We know that didn't happen. Unfortunately,  I guess this woke world has infiltrated the Dale Jr. download too. Boy, that thought sucks.
This was a waste of time
Everybody sugar coating this incident because Bubba is the token black driver.
no points ,no money loss, just 1 race off.
I THINK HE WAS MAD BECAUSE CAR WAS ON E.
Wallace will get minimal punishment only for one reason and one reason only. If the roles were reversed however Larson would be given a life time ban
You guys are on the woke side of this bubba is a privileged punk with a noose on his door and a chip on his shoulder
No respect for Jr. Bubba is a punk thug
No matter what happened when they were up high Bubba used his car as a weapon going low. I lost any respect and trust I had for bubba. A lot of other drivers will feel the same way
Well guess what Dalethose chicken shits did nothing to black Danica why their promoting a no talent like Wallace is for one reason if he was white they would have thrower the book at him! I won’t watch another nascar race I’m done! It was like watching James Comey telling congress yes Hillary broke many laws but we’re not doing anything.
Maybe you should take a page out of Kyle Petty , Kenny Wallace,  Joey , speak the truth . How abt Denny sound of silence 🔕
The golden child speaks..you should listen...!
NASCAR  will have the FBI  to do the investigation
Well riddle me this Batman why wasn't Denny Hamlin fine for trying to spin the 24 right next to the pace car under caution and and at the next corner passing the safety crew that was out on the track it to was shown on tv as well??? What big Nasracistcar officials dick is Denny Hamlin sucking that he didn't get fined or suspended????
Jr. said "Bubba said what he had to say in order to not get into trouble. He learned that from the Byron deal". That's basically saying it's OK to lie otherwise you get into trouble. You have a daughter... explain that logic to her. Bubba could have said no comment. That's not admitting or denying anything. Instead, he denied and by what Jr. said he thinks Bubba lied so to not get into trouble. And, it appears Jr. is saying in that situation it is OK to lie. It's weird to watch Jr. avoid saying the obvious. He's a better podcaster when he says what he's thinking. Today he's playing the politics game. He seemed uncomfortable even having this chat. Mike was his wingman on it... he, too, was trying to keep the Bubba criticism down and yet still act as though they addressed the elephant in the room.
Really Jr   wtf
They kicked a team member out of the track for walking across pit road.
Bubba was out of line..he should be penalize ..And Larson also should be penalize cause he does have tendency to run cars into the wall
The only problem, I have with Wallace is that he censors commits. I posted what I saw with no bad language, racial slurs. I only stated the facts !
Come on Jr.. WTF the hamburgers is a no talent bum.
So by this new standard, passing at darlington will never be the same. Larson had position and never touched Wallace. Wallace drove himself into the wall, he should have lifted.
This is exactly what is wrong in the us . Instead of people taking responsibility for actions, we step around the issues and blame everyone else for the issues. Kenny Wallace tells  it like it is . Bubba ran into the wall. If you look at the Josh Berry on Saturday, same situation, different outcome.
Dale jr os full of crap always was and always will
Suspended for one race,nascar is a freaking joke,just like jr's explanation.Major BS.
bubba's trash
FBW!! Enough said!!!
I sure hope we can talk about Bubba again tomorrow all day on NASCAR radio.  I just can’t get enough.  Smh.
Only thing bubba can bring to the table is a noose he is the cockys driver out there and he has no right to be he’s just an idiot and a raciest thug
I'd LOVE to hear the "RADIO-Active" from Bubba's car during and after the incident.. I'm gonna BET there were some "racially-based" comments over the radio, but you'll NEVER hear it from "nASScar"... we'll see, or hear....
Buck Fubba, he's worthless. I think Kyle Larson should be able to crash bubba at the next race. Fair is fair
There is no way in hell the steering was broken do to that little rub into the wall. He intentionally drove into Larson at full speed don’t try and bullshit a bullshitter. Also Wallace could have backed off as well as Larson at any moment leading up to him getting into the wall. If he was smart enough to realize it was early and 1 position at that moment didn’t matter that much this would have been the correct move but nope not smart enough. Problem is a mediocre driver at best has been given the top notch equipment even proven better drivers only dream of and his ego has outweighed his driving abilities.
Kenny Wallace took all the BS out of the incident whilst everyone else has danced around the outside. Kenny called it exactly what it was.
Bubba should be told to look for a new career. You intentionally wreck someone at that speed an could severely injure someone or killing them or yourself is stupidity.Bubba lied about the wreck like he lied about the noose. Once a liar always a liar. NASCAR and the media created that monster deal with it
Dale and all the pundits are treading lightly on this incident. The woke crowd will come after anyone who speaks their mind. You can tell by how carefully they make comments. Stuttering as they try not to hurt a feeling.
Babba was the one shoving.
HE ALSO DISED THE SAFETY CREW AND THEIR RESPONSIBILITIES OF THEIR JOB HE NEW THAT FIRST YEAR OF DRIVING FOR A REAL TEAM
the professional victim just got a slap on the hand , now a pity party
Darryl lied about his steering just like he lied about the noose! To bad he's not as good at driving as he is at running his big mouth!
Dale Jr feels strongly both ways. His Dad must be shaking his head.
*I honestly dislike Bubba Wallace after the Garage Door Opener/FBI incident, HOWEVER, I respect the fact that he took off his helmet BEFORE starting a physical altercation unlike what we saw from the COWARD TY GIBBS who has shown he has no problem throwing punches while wearing his helmet.*
160K   and    200 points....  driver,   needs a ride.....
Bubba’s new job, rope salesman at McDonald’s
If this doesn't show that bubba is a bully then everyone is blind. McDonald's sponsors the only Bully in Nascar If you are okay with it ,or ignore it , you codon bullying !! I guess Dale Jr is wrong about Nascar and their penalties.
I’ll never eat at McDonald’s again….not that I’d eat that crap anyways 😆
Love the show Dale Jr and team. Would like it to be pointed out how professional Larson handled his interview and reaction to the whole incident. He showed a lot of maturity there that I personally appreciate from a much more talented driver.
there is too many prima-donas in nascar thats why i quit watching the races
Not a bubba fan! Horrible person!
Kenny Wallace had the balls to tell it like it was .
Stopped Watching Nascar After 50+ Years! Too Woke!!!!!
Buda Wallace The Bigot.
Dale jr.., is just another Woke... Nascar, better wake up...
I thought you were Republican until now .I think you might be lovers with Bubba
Dale be strong don’t cover for Bubba is he you’re boyfriend .
who would have figured the 1 black guy starts with the Asian guy
I agree that Bubba should be upset.   I agree that Bubba doesn’t have to lift. But, Bubba needs to realize that we’ve known for DECADES that when two cars go through a corner side by side, that can happen.
Bubba Stinko! 💩🦨
You are so scared about his race to offend someone.You’re daddy would tell the truth you need to grow balls .Dale you have no balls you must be a Democrat.
Dale put a pair of pants tell the truth Bubba was wrong he pushed him .
Bubba Wallace doesn't know how to act civilized. And I won't be going to Mcdonalds anymore unless they put better quality drives in their car.
Wouldn't a driver if they lost their steering that they would hit the brakes?  Because it's obvious that he kept pace with the 5 car unless the throttle was stuck as well
He did Junior you saw it everybody else did too there was room he did not hit him so what's your complaint what are what is your b**** cuz you don't have one
Buba is the exact reason I never watch nascar
chevy, the official car of nascar, I've seen the commercial on tv. when a chevy drivers do a bad there is a penalty, then a rule change, then a Toyota driver does the same thing then gets f'd  up penalty, its what helped Jimmy Johnson get 7, nascar is F'd up and will always be!
that's called racing and Bubba is a average driver that he drove into kyle and should have not gotten out off his car and should be fined and points should be taken away
Marty was Fishing   ... Just  ask MR Obvious if you were wrecking  Larson on Purpose..
This guy, never won a championship but in the hall of fame, wow to have the last name Earnhardt.
i LOVE THIS !
Larson probably 💩 his suit. He looked scared to death 😂😂
Bubbas just a fool. Bad for NASCAR and the sport.
"Bubble " is a joke and disgrace to Nascar,but being 'black"he will only get a slap on the hand ,,cause Nascar is afraid of the NAACP and Boul movements matter so they won't do any major punishment
To many ads, unsubscribed.
Nascar has declared Homestead 22 to be a Bubba Free Zone.
Bubba caused Larson to wreck in the same way Dale Sr. crashed and passed. The speeds may have been lower but head on hit Larson took could have ended his career. Didn't they suspend Larson for a year for a comment. Larson paid a huge price and Wallace should have to sit out a season. fair is fair.
I agree with Kenny Wallace Bubba caused the crash not Larson...Bubba should have lifted and passed Larson in the next lap or 2 if his car was that fast..
Maybe Dale  can go start a club for telling it how it really didn't happen. Doesn't have the guts to tell it like it is. Dale senior never would have been a sell out.
As far as Kyle running Bubba up close to the wall goes this is the hand Nascar has dealt everybody either take a risky move to try to pass or get in line and be an also ran participant. We as spectators only have starts and restarts to get to see any real show me what you got excitement and that ain’t going to keep me interested enough for a entire afternoon of my time…
Bubba should be suspended even for also pushing a nascar official   Nothing was broken on bubbas car his brain is what is broken.  Like there were no noose in the garage.  Never heard him say anything after what was found
The telemetry showed that Wallace was at full throttle after impacting the wall and hooking Larson. Now there may be some idiots out there on the track but I do not think that any of them are stupid enough to put the gas pedal to the floor if their steering is out. If my steering goes out on my car I am hitting the brake!
Why do you guys keep saying it was a shoving match of one guy, listen to Bubba he changed his story be hey lots of people like what you have to say, I like listening to you as well, but you KNOW what went down and every bit of what happened after Kyle slide up the track,from Bubba hitting the wall to all the baby stuff that went on at Kyle’s car, Bubba showed he’s a bully, you guys make as many excuses for him as you want. I say Nascar didn’t do enough.
@5:56 Lmao called it, that aged terribly
I say let ‘em fight.  I wish Larson would have stood up to Wallace.
Bubba...Total asshat. 🙄
Can we all take a second and just reflect. The intentional hit to Larson’s rear quarter panel, the impact he sustained. Then imagine if he’s concussed ok. That “Push” by Bubba was definitely with ill intentions. If Larson did have a head/neck/brain injury that could’ve really made matters WAY WORSE. I never like Bubba just because of his attitude, demeanor and personality. He shouldn’t be in cup. He belongs in the truck series AT BEST.
Bubba is alienating fans due to HIS actions, not the actions of others. Like many others in pro sports he is his own worst enemy. I was a fan when he came on the scene, no more.  He's bad news.
After they stopped and Bubba was shoving that's called assault and it's on TV lol
If you watch close. Larson did not hit Wallace going into the turn. Wallace should not have hooked Larson and turned him into the wall. Could have been bad. Both cars went back into high speed traffic.
I'm like choosing my favorite forensic crash specialist "The Herminator" And I quote "bubba wrecked himself" 😂🤣.. He is correct.
Talk about making a mountain out of a mole hill. Guy washed up the track and forced another guy up. No need to hook the guy, junk both cars and another innocent driver, then go and try to fight the guy. Guys a rage machine.
You have to take an ambulance back or get fined 50k
Piss on Crybaby Bubba. I gave up on him when he payed a bogus race-card with the Noose in his pits. He is a POS, send him packing.
🤔
I do not watch nascar, not a fan, but whoever has the cars nose ahead of the other, has the right of way, and the other driver should know this and adjust for various possibilities.  The Mc'd car was behind when it was passed on the inside, could see the inside car trajectory and was in a better position to predict an outcome that happened and has a better opportunity to adjust. Could not emotionally handle getting passed on the inside, tried to catch up to pass instead of getting behind and challenging later, poor driving, poor sportsmanship, doesn't belong in the sport.
Hard to respect this garbage propaganda podcast....done ..
nothing bout taking the 20 car out whom was in the chase ?
Bubba should be parked for the rest of the season, and the owner should be fined.
Y’all said a lot to say nothing! Nascar will be proud of you Jr!
He said he doesn't lift , that's why it happened  . . .
WALLACE IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL HE IS A PUNK IF HE HAD DONE THAT TO ME IF I WAS A DRIVER I WOULD HAVE SHOT HIM HE WOULD NOT BE AROUND TO DO A PUNK MOVE AGAIN
Bubba would have gotten Larsons helmet upside the head if I were Larson!
Lets back up Dale, it's never a bad idea to admit what you did. You did it, accept it and the consequences, and move on, it's a learning experience. If you were wrong to do what you did, admit it,  accept it, move on, and hopefully never do it again, like hooking someone into a wall over 150 mph. I'll tell ya what, Bubba and Larson are lucky Christopher Bell was there, or Bubba might regret that the rest of his life!
Bubba would be seeing the Dentist.
Wallace is not a elite driver by any standards.look at what he's done in cup. Very little!
Now I'm not saying this was scripted before the race, but NA$CAR did go full spin advantage afterwards. This incident would have tanked ratings even more if there was no penalty. So NA$CAR parks him 1 race, and calls in the chip they gave him for the rain-win.
Bubba is the new Earnhardt Sr. of NASCAR. 🏁
So you going to explain why that rule didnt apply? Im in awh of you crawfishing on  this incident. Guess you are scared of Bubbles too. If that would have happened at a local track, he would have left in an ambulance or a cop car.
And yet...no fine...no anger management requirement and no points deduction??? When they gonna start doing things fairly versus selectively by driver?
Shame on bubba his car was not wrecked
Drivers should refuse to drive around bubba until he gets some help with his anger issues. Anger management or something.  He could have hurt Larson or himself very badly.
I really do think that Bubba needs to be fined both points and dollars, lot of both.  NASCAR needs to do this to be consistent, to meet the letter of the rules,  and to further define the precedent.  I'm not going to play the race card, as some are saying that NASCAR won't fine Bubba points and dollars because it could be turned into a matter of race/ethnicity.
There's no discipline whatsoever. Points don't matter because the season is over and he's not in the chase. Should've been at least suspended the rest of the year and the start of next year and any points docked, should be from next season when he's eligible for the playoffs. Instead, he gets one meaningless race suspension and meaningless points docked. That's totally unacceptable
Dale Jr will not say anything to hurt Bubba's feelings. Go to Kenny Wallace YouTube channel. He tells it like it is.
1 race out is WAY too lenient. They should have fined him , owners, and out for the season and 2 Races next yr. AND Anger Management.
What Bubba did was on purpose.... sorry, I've watched that a million times! I don't care if he admits it or not - He proved to me that HE is unstable and could've taken out a lot more ppl then he did crossing over the track to INTENTIONALLY hit that other driver!! Bumping is a normal part of that sport and sometimes a fight breaks out during or after the race! Every driver knows this ...Noose boy Wallace can keep his excuses..
What does it matter that Larson crowded him? He never made contact. Bubba should've backed out. He never would've made it without hitting the wall even if Larson wasn't there at his door. Stop talking around the true facts.
Bubba was wrong.
Why is there a damn rulebook if they’re just going to call whatever they feel like.
Everyone still protecting bubba what a joke
BUBBA SAYS "I DONT LIFT" NOW EVERYONE KNOWS THAT HE DONT LIFT EVEN IF HES GOING TO SMACK THE WALL... WHAT AN IDIOT IN MY OPINION
Bubba Wallace is a hero for FINALLY teaching Kyle Larson a lesson!.
Dale your to politically, Bubba has a history with drivers he has issues
Nascar gave bubbles the only win he ever had by calling the race while bubbles was in the lead for rain
When low talent tries to succeed at the top level.   They become desperate.  The pressure becomes unreal.  Actions become unreasonable.  In a nutshell.
Too bad you can't call it like we all saw it Dale Jr,I've watched you and especially your Dad race his entire career, number 1 fan,I'd say that you sold out,not worth hearing your opinions anymore,we already know, NASCAR really really sucks these days too,Dale senior would have called it straight,this was 100% on Bubba Smollet Wallace.
So in todays nascar I guess you aren’t supposed to try and pass someone. Just stay a safe braking distance behind each other.
To me when Bubba apologized to Bell, Gibbs racing and Toyota for putting them in a position they didn't deserve in his reflections statement he is essentially saying he wrecked Kyle on purpose. Why else would he feel responsible for putting them in that position?
Dale Jr must be under a silence order by NBC / USA Network ...he is not fooling any of us.  As soon as he said he'd be pissed at Larson for running him up the track I knew the downplay Bubba's actions game was on.  Sad...I hold Dale Jr. in very high respect...seems he's catching some of that woke NASCAR bug here.
Love Dale Jr, but if you want the best analysis of the whole event, go to Kenny Wallace's YouTube channel. He NAILED it shut, hands down.
At what point is fan safety considered, if anyone else would have done that they would have been out for a season. But golden spoon smollet can do what he wants. Your going to loose fans. He brings down the sport.
Lol if it wasn't intentional he wouldn't have put his hands on him
Wallace should be kick out of nascar for good , first the noose and now this.
Dead Wrong...Bubba is a jerk!   The interview was an insult!
I am shocked that woke NASCAR did anything at all to their golden child.  I find it ironic that McDonald's dropped Larson after the n word incident...  wonder if they are happy now?
1 race suspension? Gtfoh, fk nascar too
they slapped him on the wrist.nascar scared of bubba
NASCAR declared open season. Intentionally wrecking someone will cost you a race. If you have a beef put them in the wall. If your not in the playoffs and you're tired of that guy who always out drives you take that gen6 demo derby car and take him out. If you're a crappy driver it might move you up the rankings next year. It may cost you a race but the other guy may not be back next year. You set a dangerous precedence nascar.
Shoving “match”??!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂.  A guy road rage is into your car get out walk a quarter of a mile and attacked you and you’re considered an equal in a shoving match. It’s on video man just watch it
Stop apologizing Junior
NASCAR needs this every week . I bet viewers come back.
Bubba the bully.    Shouldn't race rest of year
I would love to hear Dale Jrs point of view if he was behind the wheel of the #5 car how would he have reacted to bubble head and then give me your idea how Dale Sr would have dealt with bubble head his ass would have been kicked in front of the whole country
Foot was on the throttle until he hit Larson.
Any respect that I had gained for Bubba over the last few weeks, has exited the building and burned to the ground.
Marty does a great job. He has to be the bad guy with some serious jerks.
Bubba acts like a man under intense pressure
In the real world Larson would kick his ass.
I think if Larson hadn't clipped Bell, he would have hit the wall almost exactly the same angle which caused Kurt Busch's concussion, but at a much higher speed.
I feel sad. Bubba disrespected himself, not the first time. The truth is Bubba Wallace represents minorities in Nascar. Whether he likes it or not. I think of Jackie Robinson who had to be a bigger person when it was hard. Bubba needs to be more composed and calmer than other drivers. Is it fair, no. In future races he is going to be booed, and it will be a bad look for Nascar. He is a very good driver but not a good ambassador for the sport or his race. I really was rooting for him but he makes it hard
This is what you get from JR cause he works for NBC SAD!!! There was no shoving match Bubba was the aggressor in this occurrence JR!! Com-on-Man!! Support your Local Dirt Track Owners America!!
How was he just suspended one race and that’s it
Wallace should be gone for the year . This is BS.
So Jr your ok with bubba lying didn't see that coming
Bubba feels entitled , and much of it is Nascar and society's fault. Someday Nascar will just have drivers racing on simulators so woke fans , insurance companies and lawyers are happy.
Bubba is a POS and Kyle should have taken his helmet straight across his face after he got shoved. You don't crash a driver at 150 mph intentionally and take out a playoff driver that had nothing to do with it. I hope NASCAR throws the book at Bubba and I hope someone teaches him a lesson
As far as Chase Elliott.  His car was on fire.  Not to sure about everyone else. I'd get the heck away from it.
I hate Bubba Wallace he's a horrendous driver always pulling the race card to pat himself on the ass for his lackluster career. We need more young Dale Earnhardt Jr's in Nascar that can drive the wheels off the car and not be a douche bag day in day out .there's just not enough Jr's in the sport anymore its sad .
Hands down no questions asked, Bubba Wallace wrecked Kyle Larson on purposed. NASCAR should of suspended Bubba Wallace 4 races and fined him $100,000.00 for his actions. I'm not a Bubba Wallace or Kyle Larson Fan. I'm waiting on the day Bubba Wallace pushes the wrong person and gets his a** kicked.
I wonder if Dale gets a sore back, and chapped lips from kissing Nascars ass? And when they talk about Marty, they mean Marty Smith the blowhard that pumped out his chest grabbing hold of his unit, saying that he was personally going to find out who put the noose on Bubba's garage door. Then he like all of Nascar realized they all got played and old Marty immediately tried to walk back what he said.
Would love to see bubba to try that against guys like jimmy Spencer
The only thing wrong with Dale Jr and his comments is that he never mentioned the assault on Larson not on TV and not on this podcast how wrong bubble Wallace was trying to injure another driver. And you know why he doesn't want to say anything, he doesn't have the balls.
Dani a I think was fined
I believe Bubba is a bully, you could see the disdain for Larson when he shoved him several times, I don't think he would have done that to Newman or any other driver his own size.  I've tried to root for Bubba, but time and time again he's shown he does not belong in cup racing. I thought Dale Earnhardt jr. Is walking on eggshells just like everyone involved in the NASCAR community, afraid to stir the wokeness tide.
Somehow Bubba is the victim here…. Again.
Larson ran him up the track and could have lifted
I glad jr brought up about the other untouchable driver elliot, nascar's golden boy, who walked on the track when you aren't supposed to,  like bubba did and and nothing happened,  alot of these guys keep making excuses for the bad behavior of this drivers,
nascar- go woke, go broke.
Bubba showed me that he wants to be a thug. I'm done with him being in my favorite sport. Kick him to the curb.
Every driver is in charge of his car. If Bubba would have been racing his car instead of Kyle he wouldn't have hit the wall. Kyle didn't slam Bubba into the wall.
He need more then lose more than one race
Dale jr has gotten to be a joke.
Big ass word salad from Jr. 😂 still the man tho
Steering wheel and gas pedal both broke huh?
Here come the racists....
Piss on all this NONSENSE..KENNY WALLACE gives it to ya straight.
I'm disappointed in Dale sugar coating this.
That “shoving” match is another story but  if the turning on the dogleg into the wall is bad for the sport, then of course with that logic all payback is bad right? Cale Yarborough, Dale Earnhardt Sr, JJ, The Allison’s all put other drivers life’s in danger. They all should be subject to the same vitriol as Bubbas on track spin of Larson right?
Is somebody going to make a "Do you even lift, bro?" shirt in honor of Bubba? "No, I don't lift."
LARSON NEVER MADE CONTACT WITH DARRYL WALLACE !!
Dale I think Larson needs to stop running the corners and sqeezing of other drivers /look at how many cars he has taken out this year doing exactly this same thing.
BUBBA CONTINUES TO SHOW HIS LACK OF RAISING
No one even mentioned the fact that Bubba also put a hand on a NASCAR official. I always thought that was considered a very serious violation. I thought Larson showed a great deal of maturity in refusing to let Bubba provoke him into a fight. Granted, the fact that Bubba probably outweighs Kyle by 50 lbs. may have been a factor. Anyway, a one-race suspension is barely even a slap on the wrist, IMHO.
I'm really tired of Bubba Wallace. He makes Stuart look like a gentleman.  Ever since the garage rope incident I haven't time for Bubba.
It seems I've all the incidents going on lately is something that is being determined by Hamlin  lately . They don't see anything with Byron and wait to deal with Byron.  They did nothing with wallace.  A suspension of one race is nothing. If wallace was a pit guy and a tire fell off that he put on, he would be suspended for 4 races. He learned nothing.
That is what happens when you let assho_ es like that into nascar , now they want do anything because they are scared he will pull the race card and not get what he deserves disqualified for the year !!!
That is what happens when you let assho_ es like that into nascar , now they want do anything because they are scared he will pull the race card and not get what he deserves disqualified for the year !!!
The interview felt real compared to how they always say the same thing "had a good car hate it for my guys and sponsors, hopefully we run better next week"
He said "Stop fishing" to ignore the question and his shame.  Bubbles is a scumbag.
Nascar giving Wallace a 1 race suspension wasn't even close to what Wallace should have gotten.  Nascar being their normal self of consistently in consistent.  They should have added a 6 digit dollar fine for getting out of the car, walking down the track and putting his hands on the official.  He became a hazard when getting out of his car and walking down the track, and I don't give a crap who you are you don't put your hands on an official and you don't get to refuse the officials direction or orders.
Bubba new Larson couldn’t fight  back because of his past issues.
Forget the "shoving match", that wasn't the problem.  William Darrell Wallace,  Jr INTENTIONALLY wrecked another car, doesn't matter who was in the car, from the rear. He had knowledge of the car issues with rear crashes. Did he want to end a career or take a life? Hhmm. For that, you get sit on the playground sidewalk for 1 race... seriously Nascar?  Secondly,  same man walks across a hot track.  Was it two or three weeks ago that a pit crew member was fired from Nascar for retrieving a tire during the race? He didn't walk on the track, he was, in my opinion,  trying to save a driver from car damage or personal injury. He got FIRED!  Nascar,, Where Is The Just Punishment? Where?  All things do not appear to be equal.
Bubba got away with it again
Kenny W was SPOT ON! All of us can solve this puzzle. WOKE
WAY to politically correct, Dale. State your true opinion. That’s why people tune in.  Come on man.
Bubba should have gotten more than 1 race suspension.
Bubba hooked the right rear on purpose, taking them both out at about 180mph. If Christopher Bell hadn't been there, Larsen would have gone backwards into the wall and, best case scenario, wound up in the same situation as Kurt Busch and Alex Bowman.  When Gragson did something this stupid, at a road course, he fell on his sword, admitted he done wrong, and has hopefully moved on from it.  Bubba is contending he did nothing wrong and that's what lead to Kenny Wallace having to debullshit the whole deal.  To make it all worse:  Larsen was out of the Cup series for a year because of a HUGE mistake he made.  He owned up to it, said he was sorry and made restitution in a lot of ways.  I don't see Bubba doing any of those things after this incident and I honestly believe it's going to hang over him the rest of his career, if he doesn't reverse course and own it.
When Larson "drifted" up the track should not the rear be leading? Look at Larson's angle in slow motion and pause it several times before hit 45.  Was 45 still in owners points championship contention?
That was a nice touch of both in this YT post about the timeframe of this podcast being a 'played delayed' show.
Jr your wrong again
Yes damn sick of hearing a shoving match or fight between the two for god sakes it's one person acting like a ass that could have hurt somebody bad do you hear me!! I'm grateful Kyle is ok!! I say the ????? With NASCAR!!!!
Regardless,  turn off NASCAR  turn on Sprintcar racing !
Such  pathetic politically correct babbling, but that's what you expect from this channel
Bubba Wallace One race suspension blah blah blah, bubba Wallace should get( my opinion) also added  find thousands of dollars, also points be deducted. What bubba Wallace did to Kyle Larson could have caused Kyle Larson severely injured, Gen 5 cars , the crashes that's been going on with drivers getting hurt could have caused Kyle Larson his racing career by injuring Kyle Larson severely. look what's happened to Kurt Busch look what's happened to a couple other drivers. gave bubble Wallace suspension of One race is a slap on the hand and that's it ! if it was anybody else they would get all three suspension, finds, point deductions !! That's my opinion and I'm sticky sticking to it!! Race fans open your eyes and see the light? And one more thing bubba Wallace apologizes to everyone else for his stupid idiotic intentional slam bam to Kyle Larson but he did not apologize to Kyle Larson. Racing's racing and Kyle Larson did not mean to get up into bubba Wallace. It was hard racing everyone else were sliding up the track. Bubba Wallace told a lie that his steering broke and made him turn in down on Kyle Larson which that was a full face lie. I have no respect for bubba Wallace I have lost all respect for him. Bubba Wallace should man up tell the truth be honest to people and his fans. And to Kyle Larson intentionally hitting Kyle Larson car and what he did when he got out of his car and went over to Kyle Larson !!!
Junior you are losing a bit of respect here. Suspension is the correct way to go. you are sugar coating the incident.
Very, very simple. Where is the 45 car? Did Nascar take it? Prove something is broken so bad that it's not his fault. A lot harder to do after bw crashed and totaled the whole car. If the steering is mostly intact and turns, case solved. They already know the gas pedal must have broken, because, really, who drives wide open with no steering? TV said they have proof the gas was still wide open. I bet the gas pedal is still perfect too. Larson weighs a 135 lbs. Big bad bubba, sissy would not go after someone like Ryan Newman. No money fined is a big mistake. Nascar just fined SHR 200k because their car slowed DOWN during a race.
Noose car Nascar!! Bubba baby 👶 diaper man Wallace!! He has changed Nascar!! No more Rebel Flags!! Shouldn't there be a federal investigation 🤔 against Nascar for penalizing Bubba to a 1 race suspension 🤔 that's against his civil rights!! Remember he is a privilege member of the race card club!!
My Greatest Issue is the fact that nobody seems to want to address. Bubba put Kyle into the wall at 170 mph and then walks up to Kyle and launches him self at him from several feet away shoving him so violently  that Bubba himself went to his knee then shoves him 4 or 5 more times. And nobody had even determined if Kyle had been injured during the wreck and if he had those shoves could have been life threatening  to a driver with a concussion or a neck injury.   The nascar officials were negligent in allowing Bubba to even get into an altercation with Kyle and nothing will change that. Sports Entertainment my @$$. If Kyle does have a medical condition that is slow to show itself he's going to win that lawsuit because Bubba outed himself on who knows how many cameras and Nascars Negligence is very apparent.    Total lack of self control and Maturity for a Supposed Cup level driver. Somebody needs to address that issue, Because drivers safety is paramount as noted with all recent safety meetings about this unsafe vehicle. I guess Bubba must have slept through those meetings or he is mentally to slow to grasp the obvious. This is a way bigger issue then is being discussed
I think bubba should be kicked out of NASCAR for this! Its' obvious Larson made a mistake in judging his speed and traction and he did slide up into bubba! However, bubba's car wasn't damaged hardly at all before he decided to try and kill Larson! These guys were going over 150 mph! Then after Larson gets out of his car bubba walks down and starts shoving him! What if Larson had been injured and bubba made it worse? I don't like bubba at all and his Noose/Rope BS is the reason for how I feel about this guy! Now I hope bubba gets wrecked every time he starts a race!
dark shin, NASCAR, hero
I would like to see him try shoving Chase. He would be driving for ups or fedex the next day!!!!
Bubba needs to be completely removed from any racing for the rest of his life. You can't just attempt to seriously hurt someone because you got pissed off. It was very intentional  there's no disputing it. Funny how he could've simply got out of the gas and not hit anything. It's very upsetting all the way around
Jr's being a bit politically correct here, hedging his bets and not trying to tick anyone off, seems pretty obvious. I don't have a problem with that, he doesn't wanna burn bridges with how involved in the sport and the driver's community he still is. But let's be really blunt here... it's not like Bubba doesn't have a history. He's also been caught bullshitting in the past. I don't buy his story about losing steering for a single second.   Why? Because he very obviously was off the throttle after he hit the wall, you can see flames coming out of the exhaust pipes signifying that he was off throttle at that moment. Suddenly a second later, the car gains speed and makes a sharp steering angle change to the left. There's only one way that sharp and sudden of a steering angle change is gonna happen and that's if the driver snatches the wheel hard left. He saw Larson underneath him still on the dog leg, he cut the wheel hard left and mashed the throttle to clip him and make sure to end his day after feeling like Larson had just ended his. If he had no steering control, why did he accelerate? Telemetry doesn't lie.  It's pretty clear what happened. The thing that bothers me the most about it is he did the RR hook, and then he decided to go up and get physical after the fact. They just had multiple driver's safety meetings about this car's issues right now. Sending Larson into the wall at 160mph wasn't enough, you gotta go shove him around after the fact. For all Bubba knew, Larson could've been concussed and walking around in a daze.... aka in no position to defend himself. That's what really pisses me off about this whole thing. Bubba KNOWS the risks associated with hard impacts in this car right now, he was at those meetings. Clown ass behavior.
These guys are dancing around trying not to get canceled Daryl Wallace proved why he does not run up front
Nascar is a WOKE JOKE
Bubba will be suspended but if it were another driver. Fine, suspension,loss of sponsorship.
Bubba said his car was wrecked the steering was lost NASCAR didn't figure this out after they looked at his car and inspection. Maybe it was tampered with. Either way Kyle never hit him Barbara ran into the wall playing it simple
If i was larson id fall down and act like i was injured
He shouldn't have junked him, period. But when will anyone be held accountable for driving someone into the wall? Bubba ATE the wall. His car was ruined, clearly. I don't know if he wrecked him on purpose 100% but Bubba knows. However, walking down the track and getting to Larson was beautiful. Shove him around. He deserved it. He didn't deserve the "intent" wreck.
Bubba’s the greatest driver EVER!!!!!  He should be declared the winner and champion of 2022….. in the name of equity   NASCAR screwed up. I’m done with nascar
Quit pussyfootin around.....
Kyle never touched him. He snuck in but he never touched him. All this does is put another drop of water on the flame of NASCAR. You're barely flickering boys🔥
Suspend  them for ever!
Bubba needed to do it.  Period.
Shoving "Match"?
Kenny Wallace’s commentary was concise and blunt. He is absolutely certain that Bubba ran himself into the wall, and that Kyle Larson did not, repeat did not, caused Bubba to crash into the wall.
bubba is always contervisal just look at the noose BS and throwing the water at pettys drivers face!
He has been traded different you get suspended for four races on account of a wheel rolling off the crew chief. And the tire man. But you intentionally hook somebody in the wall especially with the safety of these cars you could in somebody's career or possibly kill them and he gets a slap on the wrist. And you all wonder why ratings of people watching this sport is going down the tubes.
Can't wait till Bubba is no longer in NASCAR
It was your generation that killed NASCAR, Now we have cry babies. NASCAR Sucks.
These two sound like they need to get on their knees and open wide for Bubba this weekend.
Bubba's excuse was horrible. He said his stearing broke. Yeah broke hard left. I think if he would have just wrecked him he would have been okay. What got him suspended was the shoving match and trying to provoke a fight after. It looked like he was trying to provoke Larson into a fight. Junior stop protecting Bubba. Watch Kenny Wallace's take on it. It's much better.
Is it true they only suspended him for One race if that's true that's a minor penalty and should not be accepted
Cameras don't lie. Plus there wasn't a shoving match, it was all bubba. Larson knew he couldn't shove of fight back.
Bubba keeps on showing his true colors…. He’s just a piece of trash that needs to be removed from all forms of Motorsports…
High speed part of the track which could have injured Larson and others because of Wallace being Stupid, thats right Stupid....and the Nascar Punishment is very Lame to say the least.. Nascar is becoming a Joke...
Dale Junior, are you afraid of political fallout? Are you afraid of criticizing the only non-white skinned driver? It is absolutely 100% obvious, even to a blind man, that Bubba was guilty of multiple felonies, in the NASCAR world. He should be suspended for the rest of the season. There, I fixed it for you.
This is why I’m not interested in NASCAR cup anymore. Too much BS and rules. Much rather watch local racing or flow racing Online. Get back to the good ole racing. Now with all the computers and data logs and engineering might as well watch F-1
Nascar ruled and parked Bubba which I think is better than points and money penalty. Make him think about it more cause at that speed and safety issues with cars he shouldn't have done it
Dale Jr. is afraid to speak the truth.
The officials saw bubba coming they didn't try to stop him from getting to him
Nascar changed their own rule and didnt follow it. No money or point fine, just parked him for a race. Like always making it up as they go.
So....with a "safer" car this would have been no penalties? "Just racing" would have applied?  Dang, Bubba had a really good car set up and a chance to be a team player....cancel that.  Dumb ...
I don't think bubba Wallace got a big enough fine should have had owner points took away also. But NASCAR must not want to put up with the backlash
Bubba needed to lift and wait for an opportunity if not that race the next. You got to keep racing, his temper got the best of him.
Dale  it takes  2 to have a  shoving MATCH  Bubba  was the only  shover  that I saw ,, he, Bubba  was totally the aggressor there looking  like a  jackass .,  Larson  was  very cool headed, knowing  he could not  retaliate  cindering  who was  pushing him around  , Right .
Jr why are trying to blow smoke? Stop treating the fans as if we are stupid!
He should have been fined with a BIG deduction of points!
Token bubba got off lite
Bubba used his hot rod as a heat-seeking missile to wreck Larson. And if McDonald's is happy with such stunts to market burgers and fries......he'll remain having a safe seat in the big show.
Like your Dad used to say “that’s racin”
Junior. Just come out and say what you mean. Period. Don’t beat around what your intended message is
how did dale Earnhardt sr. die? hooked in the right rear and sent into the wall
Get it right Dale. Your boy Wallace was the only one shoving.
Bubba is way more immature than I thought...wtf
Did NASCAR investigate Bubba's claim that his "steering was broken" or was that B.S.  ?
Suspend Watson , send him back to the go cart dirt tracks
Larson made a mistake; Bubba intentionally spun him then proceeded to attack him in the infield. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. Larson, after the first push on him, should have teed off on Bubba's head with his helmet.
HE LIED thats the worse part stand by your actions and own them
Just glad Larson got to go home to his wife and kids, this is a gentleman's sport.
Thank you Dale for sticking to the subject of racing and not using adjectives that are used to describe black people like victims,  the big negro,  or anger management problems.  You show all the time you have integrity and won't stoop low to damage yourself and your family.
no word on what bubba was reacting to?  most of these conflicts are old before see the blow up.
Jr sure has changed a lot I’m not sure what has happened to him but he’s really lost his balls.
Jr keeps calling its a shoving match is costing JR points with me.
Thank God for Kenny Wallace, he got it right
The only black on the track takes out the only Asian in the race. Maybe some of that Asian hate.
What if Lasson had been injured from the crash and Bubba Wallace got out and did what he did it could have been bad.
Bubba needs to pick on someone is own size
It's Bubba cup racing, and he said many times that he doesn't lift..
🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
It was NOT a shoving match, Bubba Smulet tried to pick a fight.
lol Nascar is a joke now good to see im not missing anything these days.
A DELIBERATE wreck tantrum put All the other drivers at risk..Then Bubba Smollet Patrick lied about it...Get real, NASCAR doesnt need this sort of behavior...Period.. Get rid of Bubba!
Why is there no concern over Bubba pushing an official after the incident? To me, this is the bigger offense and NASCAR had better get a handle on this behavior quickly!
Jr you need to grow a backbone. you and Burton only blamed it on Larson. Larson never touched bubba. not once did you guys condemn bubba for his aggression toward Larson. race fans can see through NASCAR and the announcers how they promote bubba because of his skin color. go look at all of nascar add. they have all champions and then there's bubba in the add also. he wouldn't have won the 2 races if it didn't rain and his boss Hamlin saying his car wasn't fast enough. nascar wants bubba to be the favorite so they can promote and make money off of diversity. well then let bubba earn it.
Well Jr you're not much of a driver yourself and i would put you and the clown bubba in the same category so why are you taking up for him ....We all know he is black and a bully punk that uses the race card like with the fake noose lol .....All i can say is that nascar is rolling down hill like a snowball headed for hell and after what i seen in Sunday made it worse and then when i seen that he only will miss 1 race lmfao what a joke ....So me and all of my friends and family will not be watching anymore nascar ....Im thinking like Tony NHRA IS MUCH BETTER!!!
Maybe Bubba can create another fake hate crime.
He paid by NASCAR not his Real opinion!!!!
Dale, I'm disappointed in your milquetoast stance on this.  Mike, didn't expect much.
I expected nothing less from Wallace.  Ever since he threw water into William Byron's face when Byron was suffering seemingly from heat exhaustion, Wallace's true colors showed.  That's not to mention he lost all of my respect when he went on CNN race hoaxing, claiming a garage door pull was a noose targeting him.  He literally lied about it on cable news.  I have no respect for him now, because he clearly has no honesty and integrity.  I'm sure this isn't popular with some people, but sometimes the truth isn't popular.  I don't care how good or bad of a driver he is.  He isn't a role model by any measure.
what is the difference between rattling his cage and deliberately wrecking another driver?
I believe that Bubba is a mediocre driver at best. His notoriety is mistaking a garage pull loop that has been around for years and rebranding it as an instrument of hate given the crazy cultural shift in America to being politically correct and or woke.  The only race that he should be concerned about is the Nascar race each week if he gets behind the wheel.  I hope that Nascar will treat him the same as the Busch brother or tony Stewart if they were involved in wrecking someone & penalize him accordingly.  If they don't,  he will get an even bigger ego than he has now.
But Bubba lie and said he lost his steering BS. He wrecked him into the wall at 185 MPH
The colin kapernick of nascar
Can't believe how they sugarcoat what should happen to clown Bubba.
Poor sportsmanship. Not exactly a good role model for the younger generation that wants to race for a living one day.
Be easy on Bubba. He thought he saw a noo se in the back window.....
Bubba should got suspended for 3 races and a fine NASCAR is a joke I quit watching it
Now bubba walks around with a chip on his shoulders thinking he can do whatever the f*** he wants to do because of his little noose incident! You know the noose that had been there about 10 years and it was actually a piece of rope with a pull handle tied on the end of it like 70% of the old shops in the south and the North and the East and the West. F*** bubble Wallace and NASCAR will be better without his ass. He has fully used the racism s*** and Nascar has allowed it to the point that now is going to get out of hand and when they try to discipline him it's going to be all because he's black because of he was white they wouldn't punish you and everybody on here before you get pissed off with me remember that I said.  WHEN NASCAR TRIES TO SLOW BUBBLE DOWN AND DISCIPLINE HIM IT'LL BE ALL ABOUT RACISM
Thinks it's pretty bad , the cat in the hat Jack Routch couldn't come see Mark Martin at the race. Shameful act of disrespect for his former driver. Sad pittyfull to do that.
Bubba emotional?  You need to watch the video again unless you equate pissed off as emotional.  Bubba apologizes to everyone but the driver he takes his anger out on.  After all the review, NASCAR suspends Bubba for 1 race?  A slap on the wrist!
I'll say the same thing about Bubba as I did about Carl Edwards when he did the same thing to Brad K back in....2010 I believe it was.....he should be parked for a minimum of the remainder of the season and should seriously be considered for being booted from the Cup series altogether. When you right quarter hook someone at those speeds, especially at that spot on the track, when they come back up and hit that outside wall, the impact is very violent, nothing like 99% of people will ever experience....for good reason, it could easily kill that driver. Bubba had every right to be upset with Kyle, but like Kyle said in his interview 'his(bubba)day wasn't over until he retaliated'. I'd bet if the roles were reversed, or it was any other driver that did something like this to bubba, they'd be suspended for more than 1 race.
Only a matter of time before Bubba is gone..can't wait
Cant wait till the day Jr can say what he wants.
Jr I love your takes but you refuse to acknowledge that Bubba behaved dangerously and irrationally. Call it what it is, a bullshit move.
Bubbles Wallace makes all of us race fans look bad!
He should be charged with a hate crime.
If you watched the race and it's entirety they were all sliding up around the corners.. Not by choice. Bubba is a hot head. I would be pissed if I owned that car. Taking even himself out shows he has no respect for the owners. Anger management and the real facts about the race will serve him well.
You want to get rid of retaliatory crashing, stop letting guys drive people into the fence or off the track.  The absolute worst trend in modern racing (Cup, F1, Indycar, you name it) is how it's become acceptable for a driver on the inside of a corner to use the full width of the track on exit, and that's total nonsense.  I don't think what Bubba did should have a place in the sport, but I can't say I'd react any differently if someone overdrove the exit and bodyslammed me into the fence.  And since there's no penalty when guys do that, the only way to stop it is to retaliate.
I was waiting to here dales opinion of Bubba drivers door into the wall at 160 mph.
Seriously DE. There was no pushing match there was one person pushing one person with out of control rage that person was "bubba" he is out of control why are u pushy footing around about
Why is it that no one is asking the question as to why Bubba was so angry at Larson. Larson is a great wheel man, but for the last two years he drives like everyone owes him the track or he is the only one out there. If you constantly drive overly aggressive "all the time, like its his god given right" at some point people are going to get feed up with you.
What was jr fined for saying one word
Well if nascar had better tires Larson prolly wouldn’t of got a little loose
Bubba was a full fledged bully in retaliating!
BETTER CALL SAUL !!!!!!!!
Let’s clear it up no shoving , Larson did nothing but try and walk away.
The shoving is no big deal..that's just fine..Him taking him out on purpose is no where near safe for anyone and was uncalled for..Bubba is a 25th place driver..period..He doesn't need to be taking out the top guys cause he can't keep up
Bubba showed his un-sportsmanship by allowing his emotions to take over. He should be barred several races with a fine. Larsen was racing aggressively nosing out bubba by dangerously pushing him into the wall. That alone would cause a  response from any driver at a some later point which would safely not risk taking out other cars. Larson was doing what he does best, racing. Just saying. On dirt, they call that hard racing. Either way, unchecked emotions at those speeds can cripple and kill.
Come on dale its called racing!
BOO BOO WENT COO COO FOR COCO PUFFS!! 😂😂😂
Will Bubba admit that he lied about his steering.  Will Bubba apologize to Kyle.  There was no contact at the wall - therefore no damage.  The main damage was the hurt and pain of Bubba's ego and arrogance.
DALE Jr GOT WOKE!!! l'VE LOST A LOT OF RESPECT FOR HIM NOW. DUMBBA SOULD BE KICKED OUT PERMENTLY!!
I think NASCAR should put a boxing ring in the infield of every track where drivers can go fight each other after the race. I’d watch the hell out of that.
Just finished watching both Dale's and Kenny Wallace's take on this. One is trying to tip toe around as to not piss off anybody and the other tells it like it happened and what should be done. If you're not gonna tell it like it is then don't tell it at all
Bubba is a Big Pharma Rep and a Black Lives Matter Rep. He takes anti deppressants and should not be allowed to drive AT ALL. However, now you see the big machine at play.  NASCAR is a BLM sponsor, an LGBTQMAP+++ sponsor and thats all you need to know. They are compromised. Pharma, BLM and LGBTQMAP+++ are all Black OPS, Dirty.
The car should also be parked, no back up driver
Marty looked like he was ready to roll himself. He had a bit of a scowel in that interview
I wonder if Bubba would've approached Sr., Stewart, or Spencer (yes there's more I can come up with) the way he did with Larson. He would've needed to schedule a dentist appointment for Monday. It's not the first time he's done something completely classless. "I don't lift" was his comment after. Smart move, how'd that work out for you?
Come on Jr . Don't go woke with this BULL CRAP
Bubba,  should've been suspended for the rest of the Year ( no points, No money)  Could have got someone Killed or put in the ICU.  I get it Bubba!  Your running better then Ever (kudos) then you have Kyle Screw up, force U to the wall !!  walking up to Kyle, was a mistake!  Bubba your Looking Great these Days!  being humble is hard, when your Wronged. a  Dale Jr,  Jeff Gordon or Jimmy Johnson should be on a Nascar Penalties Panel??
Little race card kid gloves will be used on their golden boy .
Have you done any interviews with commentators,reporters
Yet here we are TODAY and he gets a one race penalty....at least 3 possibly 4 infractions happened that were clearly made per the Nascar rulebook #1 stay in or at the car until safety crews arrive #2 walked on to an active track under caution #3 ignored Officials and did not take the “Mandatory” ride in the ambulance to the care center #4 putting hands on a Nascar official ...wtf is THAT all about?????
They let Bubba off the hook… why no comments about how well Larson handled his interview?
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa that's just your honest opinion okay listen there was a shove match bubble Wallace shove Kyle Larson clearly I saw that with my own two eyes on the video he shoved Kyle Larson and then he have the nerve to punch call Larson then he have a nerve to shove official that's a big old fat no no so for you saying that he got so no he didn't get Shove he only got to show maybe one time but Kyle Larson didn't get punished for that because it was called self defense Salvatore ciuccio
Larson made his move at the end, nothing wrong with the wall banging they didnt spin out, then bubbas adrenaline goes skyhigh. Crash at 250kph then start assaulting the guy you just wrecked
2 sets of rules and we all know why
Junior...riding the fence.  Tell us your true thoughts instead?  He does not want to lose his job at woke NBC.
Damn Junior is straddling that fence like a pro.🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ We know woke NASCAR will do nothing major to Bubba because he's part of the privileged and pampered in America.
Nascar is in a sad state.  Its hard to even call it racing anymore.
Dale sure seems to have a long winded opinion of other incidents like this but not this one. Him and Mike seem to have a soft stance on this and kind of shrugged this off as no big deal. Kenny Wallace gave the best honest opinion of this incident.
does Jr have $ in Bubbas team or what??
Everyone should be treated equally; not untouchable because of you know why.
Not gonna lie… I could have seen Dale Sr doing something like this. Minus getting out an having a pushing match. The intentional wreck tho yes.
Bubba threw water water on Bowman, he’s wrecked and shoved Larsen, and wrecked the 20. What happens on the third strike? Time to grow up or move to world of outlaws?
Only one person was shoving sooo not a “shoving match”......
What about Bell, is he just collateral damage or something
On a very serious note.. NASCAR needs to do some kind of wellness deal on drivers like Bubba.  The kid has serious emotional issues for some reason.. He has continued to show time and time again that he has anger issues. That or he's on some kind of steroids causing his anger issues to float to the surface..  The guy seems to have some sort of bipolar issue.
Throttle data shows Bubba was full throttle when he hit & turned Kyle into the wall. Clearly intentional.
I hate y’all trying to be politically correct take color away from the equation and talk straight accountability what bubba did was wrong and he has no business conducting his self that way and that right hook, personally I don’t think he deserves to ever drive a race car again, no matter the skin color or political correctness that was a careless an dangerous move could have been way worse especially with the safety concerns of these cars
It was clearly an Asian hate crime. Klm
Bubba Wallace is a JOKE ! Had an opportunity to make things right after the noose was found to be a pull down. He did NOT! Turned the sport upside down over NOTHING ! Problem is Nascar caved to this ridiculous ideology.  Strike 1  Then he runs his mouth about discrimination in NASCAR that does not exist  Strike 2 Now he runs outta talent but that mouth of his continues to run faster than his Camry race car. Screws with the BEST by far driver in any form of Motorsports who wanted no part of the incident while committing several infractions of the NASCAR rule book and thinks an apology will make all of his actions go away  Strike 3  Can his ass and fine the hell out of him. Also fine & penalize the 23/11 team ! Larson lost his ride and a season or two for making a personal comment (racial slur) during a game on line. Did y’all forget about that? Bottom line. …… Bubba Wallace is a joke and a terrible diversity hire.  There are several great new up and coming poc coming through the ranks and I support every one of them provided they are brought up due to the TALENTS they have and results on the racetrack.  Vintage Bubba is a black eye in NASCAR.  Again…. GO WOKE, GO BROKE.  NASCAR and 23/11 are Well on their way.  23/11 Micheal Jordan and Denny Hamlin could have had ANY qualified driver in their race car. Instead they go woke and now have to deal with this nonsense and racial bullshit that never existed till Bubba Wallace made it an issue.  👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Way to ruin another sport ! Great job !  Dumbasses!
The fact that Bubba got only one race suspension is a joke. #18 crew chief , tire changer, and jackman got 4 race suspension for a loose wheel. Bubba could've avoided this altogether. ( I don't lift for nobody)
I'm sure the FBI will be investigating the crash
Uh Jr. that’s was like 8 or 9 reasons.
I'm really disappointed in Dale JR. I've been a fan of his since day 1. But if this is how he really thinks it's time to unsubbed. Bubba sent his car right into him. Then gets out of his car and shoves Larson around.
Bubba will get away with it.  Nascar is scared he will holler racism.
nascar doesnt suspend gragson for doing worse. nascar is a fucking joke.
BLM treated him like a king. Not now you piece of ????
Came here really wanting to hear Dales' take on this, but heard a rather lame political type of answer.
plain and simple Bubba is bad for business.
Come on Dale, really?
Black Privileges' is real also.
This did not age well this week, but it was good to hear these opinions before yesterday’s ruling by NASCAR. NASCAR needed to set this precedent. I have followed Bubba since his truck days. Yes, he screwed up. I am sure Hamlin and others chewed him out. This cannot happen again with Bubba. Hopefully Kurt Busch will have a talk with him since he has been through the spotlight before.
Bubba was awesome. It's about time a driver did something other than run his mouth. Need more of this.
Jr worried about loosing sponsors and pissing nascar off by not calling it the way it is. Sad.
Waited too long.  Should have been on the spot.  NASCAR should have met him in the pits, confiscated his hard card (or whatever they call it) and escorted him from the facility.
Typical WOKE CORPORATE response. Run cover for the black man. Any other driver would have been done for the season. Good job Jr. I'm sure nascar and blm appreciate your response.
One race…no fine…no points deduction.  I don’t want to hear anyone demanding reparations for past racism…Bubba is already getting them.
Wow jr...for someone that retired bc of concussions sure did candy coat this.. glad Kenny wallace actually told it how it was
Question: Why are fining and suspending drivers for intentionally wrecking other drivers in the middle of the races, but when it comes to the last lap, its fair game?  Nascar has an inconsistency problem.  If you gonna punish in race intentional wrecks, you have to do the same at the end of the races too.
NASCAR can look at the computer and see if Wallace gunned the car, or tried to brake.  If he was not braking then you can believe it was retaliatory.
Trevor Baines was fined just for getting out of his car and walking to the ambulance.
After Wallace lying to the world I lost respect for nascar and it’s fans. He forever tarnished the sport. So much for nascar fans being patriots. I thought that was the only sport that would not stand for that deception.
One race suspension is a slap on the risk and disgusting how Nascar is afraid to punish him for intentionally pitting another driver because he's black. It's black privilege in a woke world. The fact that Wallace won't admit to it just makes it worse.
At some point they will rigg a race to let Bubba win. I dropped nascar after Bubba pulled his garage door pull rope bs. Bubba uses the race card when ever he can.
Larson mutters the N word in a video game and gets a 6 month suspension in a Sensitivity Re-education Camp,  Wallace tries to kill Larson and gets a one race suspension.  Not even an anger management class like Kyle Busch ?  No levy of fines on Jordon while Smoke gets hammered. With the cancellation of the Confederate Flag, noose drama in the garage, BLM Cars, the constant unabated highlighting of Wallace /  Suárez on TV we all get it, NASCAR IS FOR DIVERSITY.  Now how about we fix the cars, cut all the woke BS and get to racing.  The Charter System is an abortion and Team Racing always has been.  Bring back the Independent race teams so the common racer can at least try to make the Daytona 500. That is REAL equality, justice and diversity NASCAR fans want.
Just like Danica he can't wreck someone without wrecking himself
Jr. Is going to say a little. But Jr. Is not going to bite the hand that feeds him!
I don’t think you should be calling it a shoving match. For a shoving match they both would need to be doing some shoving. Bubba was the only one shoving.
👍👍👍
Wallace is a lair, already his in car camera showed he hit the throttle and steered toward Larson. He lies about his steering being broke, he drove into the wall Larson did not touch him. Don’t have the talent to be in a cup car or infinity. Has no car control. He needs more than a fine and a suspension.
So the rule says bubba looses points and fine but all I heard was he got suspended for one race, did nascar follow their own rules and fine and dock him points also?
I was as upset with Bubba's treatment of Marty Snider as I was him intentionally right rear hooking my driver Kyle Larson. Larson made a dumb move getting that aggressive that early, but that was a clear overreaction by Bubba and these things need to be cracked down on hard, no matter who the driver doing it is.
And Nascar's  wonders  why , they have lost so Nascar fans.
the bigger question here is-- who would want to race against/with Wallace now after seeing this action. which driver is next?? I would not want to be on the same track as this nut. maybe the steering was not working but obviously the gas pedal was as he sped toward larson...then the bully move on the infield...disgrace to our fine sport.
Still my favorite Driver, Everyone makes mistakes, let him serve his penalty & move on. The haters are just looking for anything to latch onto. I saw another driver hook a driver in the Right Rear at the old richmond fairgrounds, his name was earnhardt. Everyone loses there cool sometime, everyone. He F***** up & admitted it. Move on.
Marty Snyder would be good guest for your show.
NASCAR is more hard on the pit crews than the actual drivers. That's a problem
Marty the best around. Not a fisherman just a damn good reporter.
Nascar needs a new rule "No more gettin Mad"😁
Maybe you guys should tape later on Tuesdays
Kyle gets kicked out of NASCAR for comment on line , that clown hits someone at 150 mph, gets one race off,. Seems a little one sided to me...
Bubba needs some anger management sessions and should be set out longer than one race, I'm sure the sponsor not happy as they should be McDonald's names on the car.
Now how do you feel since it was so obvious to you and the rest of us? Nascar parked a racer for 1 race and that is it. Bubba gets a vacation.
Let's stop protecting bubba. There was no shoving match data proves he did it intentionally and shoving match? Come on Jr. Bubba was the only one pushing.
nascars a joke
Bubba got a slap on the wrist NASCARS poster boy !
In other words Dale jr has talked a whole lot and still hasn't said anything.
No one has mentioned that Larson could have been injured (concussion) and the shoving by Wallace could have been aggravating a possible injury. There should be no contact between drivers after an accident until they are cleared by the medical center. This could have been a serious issue and should be addressed by NASCAR going forward.
Steering being out is crap, how many times have we seen cars steer from loosing a front wheel??
I am with Wallace, Larson had no business running this car in there like he did he knew that was going to drift up and he is not in the chase.
Bubba has always been a fool is fool and will continue to be a fool
You guys need a nascar slot car track on that table and Jr has to race each guest 10 laps before each podcast
Fire his non driving ass! This is yet another reason Nascar will continue to lose its fanbase and you can't cater to him because he's black and white, but identifies as black. Call it like it is even when it hurts!!
Bubba walking an shoving Larson reminds me of Jeff Burton an Jeff Gordon at Texas
Lost all respect for Dale after watching this. Just another NASCAR puppet
Wallace is an out of control jerk, he needs to be expelled from NASCAR
It's bullsxxt , NASCAR doesn't want to hurt their image with the BLM movement!
going woke?
Mike loves Bubba’s “emotions”? Really? Those emotions are what got Bubba in trouble and why so many people don’t respect him. He’s a thug.
He only got suspended for 1race? No points and no fine? No probation? Everyone knows why
Dale junior d*** microphone
Nascar did suspend bubba a race. That was the correct call. Now we all nascar to be consistent with this precedent: any driver who intent wrecks/spins another car, even if it’s one of the star drivers like Bubba is, suspend them like you did bubba. They’ve drawn a line in the sand as clear as it can get and they need to stick to it. That’s all.
Just remember all those things coming out of nascar that has come out of formula one and Indy car's for years the information that Dell junior was talking about the data your insurance company has added available to them from your personal vehicles that's right if you get an accident they can pull data from your vehicle to know rather not you were on the accelerator or if you hit the brake or even how fast you were going so you'd better have your story straight when you speak to the police and an accident investigation
There's a long list of drivers who've intentionally wrecked someone, including Dale Jr and obviously his dad too! However, none of them have received as much hate as Bubba. Mfs like to bring up Bubba's noose incident, but those same mfs don't seem to bring up Larson's n word incident. The point is, none of that matters here, but it's been discussed in pretty much every comment section about this wreck. ANYWAYS, if you're surprised by or disappointed with Dale's thoughts on this, you haven't been paying attention. He's been pretty consistent on this topic.
NASCAR will tread lightly as they want to keep Bubba happy as his presence is needed in the sport to satisfy BLM and the rest of the Woke crowd.
Everyone want to tip toe around this as they don’t want Al Sharpton at their door. Even Jr doesn’t want to comment on what should be done. It’s amazing the color of one’s skin decides how someone should be penalized. Political correctness decides how you should be punished. Welcome to woke nascar!
Bubba has been a whiner since the very first time he drove in Nascar
1 race suspension way too easy for that high speed hit, especially with the current issues with these cars !
You suck bubba try to kill Kyle
Bubba hit the Wall because he can't Rim Drive No contact made him hit wall Drama Driver 🤠
New term…Booba, BOY…bullshit! Hamlin says he’ll do his own penalizing on the track, we’ll let’s us neglected fans do our penalizing off the track; BOYCOTT MCDONALDS!
Kenny Wallace so far has said it best I am not going to pollute my ears by listening to what Jr has to say he is a puppet cause he still has feet in the game. Bubba should be banned period. We had our token woman Danica what a Joke. and now we have our other Token if not for rain delay he would be winless. Everyone I know is done watching Nascar. Seats are empty at every track the owners are fighting with TV over revenues sponsers are leaving drivers are quitting over safety concerns and other reasons. Petty, Dale sr, Jeff, Jimmy and now Nascar poster boy Bubba. what a joke this sport has become. Shame on you Nascar. Shame on you.
A one sided shoving match from Wallace.  That’s partly what’s wrong with NASCAR water down what really happened. Everyone should say what really happened. Is NASCAR WOKE??? 😢that sad
Kick the crybaby out for good!¡!
jr didnt say what he should of cause of bubbles bein colored
Come on,that was all on bubba. You know he will get away with it for the most part because he's black.  The trouble is you can't say that on this platform is because you work for NBC.  People are so afraid to tell the truth. Bubba knows he can get away with anything, because he's black. You people are all cowards.
Black Privilege.
I love Dale Jr. but he sounds like an idiot, especially with his years of driving.  Kenny Wallace gave an excellent breakdown of this incident. Larson did not touch Bubba, both cars could have driven off and continued the race, Bubba chose to hook Larson and then shove him and an official. He deserved more than one race suspension!
Bubba had a Choice and he Chose to hit the wall,  Someone Needs to Print a T-Shirt I DONT LIFT.
Man these comments from people….y’all so mad at Jr lol. If roles where reversed you idiots would be praising Larson.
Bubba has been NASCARs golden boy I think because of the noose thing (And that was a noose... not a loop of rope for pulling engines) . . So you have a person who is hyped up by nascar  Given opportunity others don't get Everyone walks on eggs because of the noose incident Etc Etc . then he goes and does this And nascar is STILL going quite light on him . Jr is going light... Nascars punishment is quite light...all things given Etc Etc . . Idk... I just don't understand it . If that was some random owner/drive that finishes in 25th and lower every week... . He would be banned for life Fined 500,000  Maybe even jail time for assault
Too bad he only got a one race suspension no monetary or points fine.
There's nothing learned here. This penalty is the equivalent of getting sent to the penalty box in hockey. Total bullshit. And there was no shoving match. All wallace. He's a punk.
-Punts Larson in the right quarter panel at 170MPH -Does so at the worst part of the track for injury -Does so knowing the injuries the Next Gen has caused his teammate and Bowman -Wrecks TRD teammate Bell and caused a DNF putting him in a near must win situation for the Championship 4 -Totals his race winning car from Kansas which could have won this race, Homestead, and maybe even Phoenix -Starts violently shoving Larson who got the worst of it -Still hasn't apologized to Larson in an official capacity  Jeremy: But I liked that interview and how vulnerable Bubba was  Clownshow.  Ty Gibbs, Hoocevar, Rhodes, Gragson, and many others involved in lesser incidents got rightly raked over the coals for being stupid and Bubba competing in the Cup series is no different, if anything he deserves more critique.  I don't know if it's a personal bias or concern with retaliation here, but it's the wrong approach.  Even if you take the driver equation out, this has awful ramifications for 23XI and TRD and it's because this impulsive idiot couldn't wait until a caution or after the race and opted with the option that could have killed a man.
Of course now we know. Parked! People were calling for more. I'm satisfied with the one.
This is the only form of Motorsports where driver wreck each other on purpose after the race do u see in nhra no do you see in sprint cars no Indy cars no formula 1 no I can’t believe these car owners and sponsors stand for this it is plain unsportsmanlike conduct
It would be nice if today's drivers had enough testosterone to actually have a half decent fight. This incident only served to embarrass NASCAR fans.
This is pretty disappointing response. I thought Jr. would be more forthright. Guess it pays to be half white in NASCAR.
This crap from Jr. is not worthy, Jeff Burton had right, on the broadcast. Apologist for Bubba being a two-year old, sad, won't be wearing my Budweiser 8 t-shirt for a long time.
I'm glad they mentioned the timeline of shooting the podcast and the airing of the podcast. I came over here to learn Jr's opinion on the suspension, and was scratching my head at how the conversation was going. Makes sense now.
There are to many infractions he should of been suspended the rest of the season what he did wasn’t emotions it was plain deliberate and stupid  1 he took another driver doing 160 mph when he knows by his teammate can end a career  2 walking down the race track to the apron after an accident that a no no 3 putting your hands on another driver he didn’t know if Larson was injured or not pushing someone that aggressively if he was injured could of been bad  4 putting your hands on an official  5 not going to the ambulance when the official told him multiple times  This was plain stupidity  6 what gives a nascar driver who doesn’t even own the cars to take a 100,000 dollar car and run it in to another 100,000 dollar and he takes out another 100,000 car  This was plain not right
What shoving "match"?
Larson never hit bubba!
And they went against the rule book and gave him a paid vacation day!!
Marty isn’t fishing. He’s asking questions about what he just saw in front of his own eyes. Way to throw a colleague under the buss.
Bubba accidentally wrecks Larsen but then jumps out and attacks Larsen. Doesn’t sound like a broken part to me
NASCAR needs to make a rule never get out of the car after a crash ,nothing good comes from getting out of a car while there’s still cars on the track ,unless it’s on fire should or the safety crew is at the car to help the driver out
I think it was kinda Shitty that Marty opened the door for "Bobo" to say that the Car broke. He should have just asked, "What happened?" Instead I think Marty said something like, "Was it Revenge or did the Steering Break on the Car, causing you to Take Out Larsen?" It opened up the door for "Bobo" to say, "Yeah, the Car Broke...", lying through his Teeth...smh.
Guys in shop are loud lol
I'm sure Cale n Donny would say let the boys have at it 😁
He needs  to  grow  up
Another example of Nascar not following their own rules
Nascar didn’t do enough to bubba Wallace! Just a suspension! No fine , no anger management ! Just a slap on the wrist! What a joke!
Wasn't that Rule about Leaving the Car after an incident imposed at the same time that Guy got killed at a Sprint Car Race when he got out of his Car and got hit by another passing Car during the Caution Flag Laps? When Tony Stewart accidentally hit and killed the Kid....?
Road rage in a race car. 🏁
So disappointed, never thought I would see Jr try so hard to be pc
Larsons car never touched Bubbas you need to watch the replay over Bubba drove too hard into the corner and never lifted that’s why his car hit the wall not because of anything Larson did.
Bubba also lied. In the interview with Marty he said he doesn't/didn't lift. The following interview with the other reporters he said he lifted. Check it out. He's a true piece of work.
Shouldn't wreak a man going at that speed. 🏁
Matt Kenseth needs to appeal his Martinsville penalty
Marty was fishing lol
Pandering to victim Bubba 🙄 grow a spine and call this bullshit for what it is. Stop pandering because of his skin color
Wonder how Jr would have talked about this if he didn’t become PC and afraid to step on people’s toes while being involved with hendrick  Wish the Jr that we saw at DEI would come back to give his opinion
You are not like Dale senior at all!!  Mr smart ass was the only one shoving!!
Dale jr riding the company line again..
I lost interest in Nascar along time ago, Jr. Sounds like a politician,  dancing around the true issues. Nascar has double standards, Wallace got a slap on the wrist for his blatant lack of respect to other drivers safety. Wallace made a series of bad decisions, and it doesn't matter what skin color you are,  or gender. Wrong is wrong.  There was no accident,  it was intentionally done by Wallace. One day Wallace is going to mouth off, and put his hands on the wrong person on national TV,  and get a beat down,  Then the NAACP will cry and sue NASCAR.
Usually Jr. has a great perspective...but on this he is completely FOS.
Dammit,I’m not coming here for that
The main problem I see with Bubbles is when he runs up front he thinks no one is supposed to challenge him. It’s like hey guys I’m leading now. It’s not raining and my car owner isn’t blocking for me  but I would like to win today. Bubbles is a clown. Only reason he is driving that car is because Nascar gives 23xi a lot of money to keep him in the series. Nascars version of the diversity program.
Bubba totally at fault and he's not that good
Jr is a sell out to NBC and Nascar.Look at Bubba's history and the big picture.The dude turned Larson into the wall driver's side, got out of his car and any shoving was done by him, to a Nascar official and then repeatedly on Larson. His boss (Hamlin)did the same thing at Gateway after him and Chastain got together and later the #47 got into Wallace. Hamlin chased the #1 all over St Louis and later wrecked the #47. 23-11 racing is Teflon.
Driver intros are gonna be fun from now on. Smh 1 race and no $$ fine? Keep the special treatment coming.
Bubba screwed the pooch.  He lost his cool and managed to wreck 3 cars.  In light of the danger to drivers posed by this car, his actions are even more inexcusable.  Playing "Billy Bad Ass" and trying to pick a fight with a guy half his size, who clearly had no intention of throwing down with Bubba just magnifies Bubba's foolish and dangerous actions.  Heck, Kyle should have clocked Bubba upside the head with his helmet.  We all appreciate Bubba's significance to NASCAR, and want him to succeed.  But there are limits.  Glad he will be sitting out Homestead.
GOOD conversation
I’m not going to add anything new. I think the suspension is appropriate. Points would mean nothing and a fine probably wouldn’t be that big of a deal either. I personally hope that this kind of thing, especially with this car, will be dealt with with a heavy hand. _NASCAR_ should make it clear that the next time this happens the penalty will more severe and the next one more and the next one until the teams get the message that _NASCAR_ isn’t going to tolerate this.   I *hope* they do this, but I don’t have too much confidence in it.   This issue of if you admit you did something like this you’re going to be penalized more is totally the wrong message to be sending. I’m not saying that if a driver admits he did something wrong he should get off easy. But it’s pretty damn silly for these guys to be standing there saying “a tire went down or my steering locked up” when everybody knows what happened! _NASCAR_ needs be clear to the drivers on this one way or the other and not just by the penalties they issue…spell out clearly.
Bubba is a hot head . Yes he deliberately gunned it after kyle . Kyle never hit Bubba just got close up at the wall .
Smh... Bubba hasn't been anything but trouble. Remember when he threw a bottle of water in Bowmans face when he on the ground beside his car sick as a dog? They forgot about that. He's no good
bubba has cryied victom with the rope thing larson didnt touch him he should be parked rest of the season
Who cares about the monetary side of it. Bubba should be suspended for a year period!! It’s funny how a man can say an offensive word and get booted for a year and lose sponsorship. Only feelings get hurt in that regard. Bubba wrecks Larson on purpose and could’ve gotten hurt physically. Someone in Nascar needs a backbone and call it like it is!
Bubba is a punk
I thought there was a rule in place since Tony Stewart accidently killed that guy at the outlaw track,  that you don't leave your car unless escorted.
Dale Jr being soft on Bubba and kneeling for BLM is very disappointing. But like father like son, a total sellout mark…
Seems like a loose lugnut gets a FAR larger penalty than intentionally wrecking someone at 170mph, then physically attacking the other driver, ignoring the *mandatory* rule about going to the med center, and pushing a NASCAR Official. Really?? So much for listening to these guys. When do we gather for the Kumbaya moment??
Some get the book threw at them for nothing,  and some are handled with kid gloves, NASCAR has its picks.
Bubba wallice? Who the hell is this to say, I don't lift!! One win. Really? One race suspension is a slap in the face of Larson and Bell. He sucks people... What's he gonna finish this year or any other year in standings? 35th or 36th.. He sucks as driver and person as far as I can tell....
Bubba wallice? Who the hell is this to say, I don't lift!! One win. Really? One race suspension is a slap in the face of Larson and Bell. He sucks people... What's he gonna finish this year or any other year in standings? 35th or 36th.. He sucks as driver and person as far as I can tell....
Wow Dale Jr. Have you read the COMMENT section??? And for me a 79 yr. woman & a fan, saw the incident & thought that every action that Bubba took should have cost him a sit down with a COUNSELLOR along with a suspension until he was Cleared from mental INABILITIES. Similar to a concussion clearance. So who knows if he was mistaken or just plain Disturbed mentally. Depression can be a foundation for excuses & unreasonable actions. A possible clue.
Crazy a tire changer got a more severe punishment than Bubba.
Yes Dale Jr loves Bubba but I don't see him ever hiring him to drive one of his race cars. Dale Jr is just trying to keep his job.
Opinions are like Bubba holes, everyone has one, but some stink worse.
Dale love you man but you got this one all wrong. Bubba has a HUGE chip on his shoulder and you should have called it for what it is. It’s clear as day that he RR’d him in the dog leg on a super speedway and in this car that’s not as safe as it could be. Kyle could have been severally hurt if not killed. For a guy that knows a lot about getting hurt and concussions you don’t say a word about what could of happened to Larson 🤷🏼‍♂️. Then he walks across a hot track and a hot pit road shoving an official! Before that he attacks Larson. You know darn well he should be suspended and fined. Seems to me you were covering your job at NBC and didn’t want to say too much negative about woke NASCAR’s poster boy. You usually call it like you see it but on this one you let us down. Don’t sugarcoat it because it’s Bubba. We all know you think this was super wrong but yet you and Mike won’t say it 🤔. Fact is Bubba needs anger management and should have been suspended at least 2+ races and a hefty fine.. Team should not be penalized since they didn’t do anything wrong it was all Bubba. Bubba has talent but he needs to check himself and stop with the fake tough guy, race baiting, victim mentality.
Kenny Wallace has the most accurate and no BS description of what happened.
Nobody is talking about the 20 car and what Wallaces stupidity did to C. Bell. He should be paying that team instead of nascar!
Every comments section about this is filled with folks posting the exact same kinds of tropes:  "Woke nascar!"  "Suspend Bubba!"  "It was just a rope!"  Why are y'all so pissed about a guy that y'all claim is insignificant? He did the deed and got suspended. He's losing money. He's being universally condemned. What more do y'all want?
Jr. I just wonder if you would be standing up for BUBBA if " god forbid" Larson or Bell received a career ending injury. I figured you would be livid for that bonehead move we all watched him do .
Disappointed to see NASCAR coverage glossing over the post-crash driver safety aspect of this.  Whatever optic NASCAR is concerned about it would have been a lot worse if Larson was getting shoved around while concussed.  AMR did jack-$h1t to separate the two drivers.  That's on NASCAR.  Dale Jr., of all people, knows a driver is not going to climb out of his wrecked car and immediately admit something isn't right with themself.
Bubba also said, “it was a noose”
if my feeble memory remembers that stay in the car rule came out around the time that young driver was accidentally hit by Tony Stuart and died
Bubba cries about a garage door pull… and now he’s crashing people over racing each other… worst driver in nascar
Love your Podcast's Jr., but towing the political line is chickenschmitt, don't be such a wus. Watch Kenny's explanation of how it actually went down, he's not scared to speak the truth.
Larson should have called the cops and had him locked up for assault.
Dale jr it seams to me your a Wallace fan and Wallace should be banned for life for his thuggish actions
I knew he was in trouble when he shoved that official  that is a NO NO if nothing else  and I dont think he should have hooked him into the wall, considering all the drivers are complaining about having hard hits from that
RIP NASCAR. You are finished. Once the old generation is gone, you will flounder and die. Your point system sucks. Your cars suck. Your rules suck. Your management sucks. You had it all and threw it all away because of greed.
Why are people saying Bubba is getting a pass from NASCAR? out of all the drivers who intentionally threw a tantrum and wrecked someone, Bubba is the ONLY one who was suspended. They came down harder on him than anyone. Deservedly some but damn
One race suspension no fines or point deductions. I'm actually surprised that he got even a suspension. It also remains to be seen what our woke, always offended America does now that he's been suspended. Bubba was a good kid in the sport in his beginning, but now he's arrogant and just a butthole. I remember when he crashed at Pocono, I was beyond relieved to see him climb out of that car. It was one of the scariest crashes I ever saw in the sport and he was shown overwhelming support by the fans and it was great to see. Now only a few years later and this racial division and woke America BS suddenly they trying to convince us that everyone hates bubba, total BS just like the Covid vaccine stuff was, and came from the same anti American people. LeBron James be making bubba the victim soon.
accidents are accidents but when you wreck someone at speed it goes farther. What happen if it ends someones career? or life? If they crash that car in a spot where the safety system aren't as strong because normally wouldn't expect a crash there and that car goes off track.
I wish Dale and Mike would have expressed their personal opinions on the incident. All they talked about was what they thought Nascar would do about it. I’m disappointed because Jr always tells us how he feels about situations and they are avoiding this one.
Get real bubba was not hit. Watch it
on a different topic is that a diecast renault on the table ? i would like to see a overhead of the table
Bubba is a lack luster talent driver, and making excuses for him is ridiculous, and the fact he only was suspended for one race as another lack luster person would say “ ComeOn Man”.  Anyone else would have at least a three to four week  aka race suspension. I’m just saying what you two are not. He is a problem that no one is calling out , just making excuses for.
Larson did not wreck him Bubba said he was not going to lift Bubba wrecked himself if you look at it but Dale Junior is a bit of a coward when it comes to Bubba Wallace sorry. Dale
Wasn’t Bubba on this show a few years ago saying how hitting someone in the right rear on an oval “is grounds for taking your gloves off and getting whooped”?
If you ask me, I believe Bubba has been waiting for a moment to go at Larson for Larsons N word suspension. Because Larson pushing Bubba up the track is not  a reason to go after someone. It happens in every race. Bubba has been wanting a reason to do what he did. He should be suspended the rest of the year.
Hitting shoving the safety worker should have been basis for suspension, regardless of what else happened up to that point.
When crashes in this car are ending careers, u can't wreck dudes on purpose. Stupid.
it's insane what they let wallace and his persecution complex to get away with. This is far from the first incident with him. But because of race he'll get handled more gently than he should.
I come from the future. Bubba Wallace has been suspended for this week's race at Homestead. 23XI did not challenge this suspension.
The BW garage knoose incident is when I QUIT watching and supporting NASCAR.
Jr. , I’ve been a fan of you basically since your immediate popularity in the sport of nascar. What a disappointment to listen to you sugar coat something so blatantly obvious. Nascar needs more people with a backbone like Mr Kenny Wallace that tells it like it is. Your fans aren’t blind pal. Enjoy your platform while it’s time dwindles away, political correctness has ended the sport of nascar.
Bubba is a steaming pile of garbage.  He's been a fraud for years and will always be hated.  Hated for his lies, his past, his garbage attitude, and the race card that he plays.  Therefore, us as fans have zero use for the Ronald McDonald of NASCAR.
McDonald's, this is who represents you ? Wow
No one should ever use the car or get out of the car to intimidate or fight another driver. Wrecking some one with your car not good. Bumping and banging, trading paint is racing. Bubba got what he deserved. It is clear that Bubba hasn’t forgotten about what Larson said some time ago.
Bubba got What he deserved
Pore Marty 😂
So now one can't try and slide in somewhere  to keep racing without someone having to wreck someone? That's the name of this last season. They are all wrecking over a few positions. Nascar probably loves it because ratings ratings ratings. All the drama.
Bubba should have been fined also and since he wasn’t he should have been given 2 race suspension.  This is dangerous behavior and it needs to stop. Hard racing gets viewers and this behavior had me turning to tv off.
The right side hit was majorly wrong...but don't care about the shoving match.
I'm not surprised at JR tap dancing around BUBBA the guy who seen a hanging rope when it was just a overhead pull for a garage door and the FBI investigation said the same
JR you missing what could have happened. Thats why there are rules. Wallace knows this Next Gen junk car is dangerous. How would he live with himself had he killed a driver.
Bubba walked across a hot track, and he put his hands on a NASCAR official, Other drivers did not do that kind of stuff, the rest was just racing
Hard to avoid the 800lb gorilla in the room. Bubba is a protected entity.
Shoving match?  Nope, Bubba did all the shoving and that is further evidence to support that he had lost control of his temper and hit Larson in the right rear on purpose.
Just unsubscribe, Bubba is nascar sweet heart! SHAME on you Dale sugar coated!
1 race suspension no points no fine why
Bad take. Stop being a politician and start being more like Kenny Wallace.
As long as i can remember the Earnhardts this is the first time i see and feel that Jr is going to the left side of thinking here...maybe he is a Democrat
…a day late and a dollar short
White privilege strikes again...  Let's all be honest, Jr is scared to criticize a black man.
Wow u can't even get close to bubba r he can run into u at 170 n take out a nascar champion an a championship contender an only gets 1 race ,,,,that all? If u woke u have to be 👉
Bubba sucks.  Crap personality and no record to back it up.  At least when Kyle is showing his ass he has wins to back him up.  Tired of seeing Bubba get coddled and quite frankly I'm tired of NASCAR.
Nascardidnt do enough
You like bubba Dale 🤷🏾‍♀️ That's why I haven't said anything. Bc I know you panties will get all twisted  and honestly  I just done care anymore.   In my opinion. Bubba is mediocre 🤷🏾‍♀️
Appears Dale Jr. Is a member of the woke society 🤔
If they continue to allow Bubba to act this way, it is my fear someone will get hurt seriously or worse.. He needs a shake up call and a 1 Race suspension isn't it imo.
Nascar has proved that they now have double standards, when it comes to Bubba and it's going to show at the gate and TV viewers. If nascar thinks Busch get's booed, wait until we see how Bubba get's booed, for the rest of his career.
They showed the telemetry.  he full throttled and gained 3 mph of speed before taking out Larson.  Bubba's these cars and fragile and I couldn't steer excuse was hilarious.  Thats racing boys..  Was surprised to see bubba even get crappy with the official.
Bad take. That was assault
dont like bubba... dont care... wish him the worst of luck
People are scared to death to even comment on what really happened.  We all saw what happened!  I guess when careers are in the balance people will cower away.
How many times can u keep repeating u appreciate Bubba? Lol ridiculous
If you are going to wear candy coated kid gloves to speak about something, because of “reasons”, just say you won’t touch it with a ten foot pole and skip it. It’s much less degrading to not share your opinion at all than flop around belly up for “the narrative “ like a shill.
Mother NASCAR needs to get out of the mothering business and let the boys fight. The team managers can discipline the drivers they can't afford.
But my dad would always tell me. “Before you get out of the car and make a fool out of yourself. You need to ask the question: WILL I OR HAVE I EVER CAUSED A WRECK IN THE SAME MANNER? -  the answer is: most likely in the future I will get loose and wreck someone by accident the same way. So I don’t wanna get mad and hit or wreck anyone because they will do the same to me when I wreck them accidentally. I see why nascar is having issues they have a bunch of self righteous little boys that can’t be MEN for 3hrs per week. Not to mention nbc censoring reality again all for what? Lobbyist?
Didnt see anyone caring about drivers safey when Hamlin wrecked Ross infront of the entire field at Pocono. The fake outrage is not surprising though lol
They should of suspended Bubba for a full year and made him take anger manage classes. Larson got suspended for using "sensitive words" and made to take sensitivity classes and what Bubba did, putting Larson's life in danger along with other drivers, certainly in most people with common sense out weighs stupid words. Let's not forget, that he then walked across the track, not to see if Larson was ok ,but to attack him. Simply put " Road Rage". Then there was the putting a hand on an official.
Everyone complaining about "sugar coating" this, what are you talking about? Just because you are mad doesn't mean he needs to be mad. He has seen a lot and he cant advocate to have the guy kicked out of the sport when his driver did the same thing.
Love you Dale but don't be afraid of getting canceled by the media f*** them you should tell the truth about Bubba and his piss poor attitude. And why that Hook is so dangerous what if he would have killed Larson. No one would be sugar coating it then would they. You're already rich who cares about getting woke canceled f*** the media.🇺🇸👊💣
Dale Jr. No sugar coating this one. No matter what happened on the track you don’t do what Bubba did at those kind of speeds. He could have killed someone and he put his fellow competitors at risk and himself and Kyle. He’s a hot head and the one race suspension was a joke. He’s lucky he didn’t get clocked by Larson’s helmet. I’m no Kyle Larson fan either and I would say the same thing if it had been any other driver.
Stop pampering Wallace.
It is good to see Mike, as the former reporter, enjoying the reporter doing his job. That is part of NASCAR, good or bad, sometimes it gets out of hand, and drivers get in trouble for it, but since the sport started, people have wrecked people on purpose. It is dangerous, but anything you do in a car over 100 MPH is dangerous. Bubba was wrong to do it, but lets not act like he is the only one ever to do this, it happens 10 times a year and only a few are so overt that something is said about it.
You guys misfired on this
Bubba won’t receive an disciplinary actions from NASCAR because they are afraid of Bubba playing the race card.
Bubba is a punk , if he’d take the chip off his shoulder he’d be alright
Kenny Wallace can explain this better.
Watching two affirmative action drivers bump heads is hard for these million dollar talking heads to handle without losing their jobs. It’s NBC after all. Neither one is worth losing a job over.
There was NO shoving match, Bubba shoved and Kyle took it and tried to avoid it!
Bubba a race baiting pos. That’s where I’m at with it.
Kyle Larson did the right thing by not shoving Wallace.  Kyle Larson is under a kind of "probation" for the rest of his career.
Btw I see why Teresa didn’t wanna be part owners now! What he’s explaining is nothing close to reality.  I could’ve swore Bubba right hooked Larson or the Asian guy. And I didn’t see a fight. It was like a sucker punch. — why is this a problem? Because he already wrecked him and paid him back for getting him loose. You either punch the guy or you wreck em put you can’t do both. —— I would say 99% of us this doesn’t meet the requirement for wrecking him or hitting him. This was simply a racing incident. Larson did what any good driver will do which is push the car to the edge.  This is how we came up racing. But I’ve did the same thing and I’ve had it done to myself. But I never got angry. If your in that position that means your car isn’t the best. They should never catch you to make a pass. It’s your fault if you end up in that position period.
Larson looked like his bell got wrung when he got out of the car ,,come on JR he looked like he had a concution you should know more than any one there was no shoving match ,it was one way Bubba wrecked himself man ,they both could have kept racing
another nail in the coffin   by by nascar   just as soon watch dirt races
He turned so hard left he destroyed his own car Jr. Stop cowtailing to cowardice
The cars are too fast for Bubba's driving skills.
Damn, first time I have felt jr. had a bad take. And that has proven to be the case. Put the brakes on the sugarcoat  Jr.
You are wrong.
Awesome to hear you guys give props to Marty here.
So, now this channel has become the PC NASCAR coddling channel ? Ok, got it! The NFL is close to being flag football because of all the ridiculous rules. Maybe nascar could allow drivers to drive at 40 mph!
Worrying about your nascar bank account there jr???
Your American racing is ridiculous. More talk about an intentional wreck than the race. Your form of racing is really like pro wrestling, childish gimmicks. Intentionally wrecking someone is really just demolition derby.
It’s a sad day when Dale freakin Jr is walking on eggshells and not calling an easy SPADE a spade. How can you fucking not tell how intentional that was? Like really? And I’m a Bubba fan! Jr cowtailing to the mob. Pathetic
I guess we all know now what Black Privilege is??
No balls DJ , oh well when he kills someone next time he will get 2 instead of just one.
I wonder if Bubba will autograph my garage door pull rope?
Sorry Jr protecting someone that did something wrong can’t support your channel anymore
This is more of an example of what Kyle Busch did to Ron Hornaday. That, coupled by Bubba getting out of the car, ignoring officials (putting them in danger as well) has to have something to do with the suspension as well. Hell, if Nascar didn't park him Jordan and Hamlin should have. Love you Dale, but SPOT OFF!
Nascar has become the WWE of motor sports. Nascar pretending to care about what happened is bullshit. This kind of stuff gets asses in seats and eyes on the TV. Napcar has become a joke.
Woke dale jr
Annnd now I don’t even wanna watch nascar related content… everyone protects Bubba…
Bubba got off easy, or he would have to play his victim card
His fake apology addressing C. Bell is enough to show intent.
I watched the entire race and there were several other racers in very similar situations as Bubba and handled it just fine.  Wallace steered himself into the wall.   There was no shoving match.  Wallace was the only one pushing.  Larson gets a year for a racial slur where Wallace gets a one race suspension? Seriously? Intentionally wrecks Larson then goes looking for a fight? One race??
Bubba chose to wreck himself then took out the 5 an 20
nascar needs quit kissing his ass!
Just for arguement's sake: if you can't steer, LOCK ER DOWN!!!
These comments are wildly hilarious lmaooo not to mention Jr did the EXACT same thing at Daytona to the 83.
GET RID OF THE WOKE BUBBA WALLACE BULLSHIT.    its  ruining the sport that has been really hanging on for its it life.   All  the guys that use to go to the races, twice a year spend their money...watch every weekend.    They are all gone. Dont even watch a lap anymore.
A lot of these people in the comments did not graduate
I feel NASCAR should have ended Bubba's season. To drive across the track takes it to another level.
WOW!  I am REALLY disappointed in Junior.  I lost a lot of respect for him here.
Nascar will give him a parade when he comes back. Nascar is a puss organization.
Bubba needs anger management
They suspended Bubba for 1 race nothing else
Everyone is blowing this whole thing out of proportion. Stop acting like Bubba Wallace is the first person to ever wreck a guy in retaliation on the track or off it. Nascar has built its fan base on the antics that happen on and off the track. It's not the first time and it won't be the last time it happens. For all of you Bubba haters out there this is a small win for you all because it's been a while since you had one. He will return from suspension next week finish off the year strong and continue to win on and off the track in the years to come. Despite all the hate and double standards by so many of his biggest-in-the-closet fans like many of you in the comments. Have a great weekend of watching Nascar this weekend just like in the old days because next weekend reality will sink back in when Bubba is back on your big screen TVs with all of America watching.. 😂😂😂
I still think Larson has 100x the talent. Larson has a huge upside with his talents, bubba is lucky to have a seat.
Bubba did not mind squeezing the 99 car against the wall in turned two on lap 57 did he just sports I guess
Crazy how much people are sugar coating this incident. Bubba has become untouchable! Everyone is afraid to actually criticize the man and his talent on the track, and we all know why. He thinks he can get away with these actions because THIS Is how people will respond
Suspension was ok but I'm thinking 100k in a fine should of happened.
Oh for fucks sake, JR. What fucking office are you running for?! Bubba made SEVERAL intentional wrong moves here. Affirmative Action hire.
This is a disgusting take by dale. Was not expecting this... you lost me a little bit.
So this just confirms nascar and the media are most likely doing again what we did in the 90s which is the media would scream safety issues about a car just because we noticed it increased the amount of fans in the stands. Obviously the drivers are showing they are not truly concerned about the cars safety or they wouldn’t intentionally wreck anyone in that manner. Couple that with no driver real injuries. A concussion is just expected that will happen no matter what so people need to get use to it. You can get a concussion by jumping 1’ off the ground.
Because bubba is black nascar is gonna stay one race suspenrion  and thats it because bubba will scream racism
Watch the replay over a few times Larson never touched him Bubba hit the wall then lit Larson
Whatever Nascar does about it. It would be a totally different outcome had this been Larson doing the assault.🏎️⚖️🐂💩🤬
Dale being influenced by NBC here.
Wallace is a racial bigot and below average driver .  You are welcome .
The very day I really lost interest in NASCAR was the day they penalized Dale Jr for slipping up on air and using a curse word. that was the stupidest penalty ever.
No what matter  jr says , bubba was wrong many times,  hitting Kyle,  pushing Kyle few times, walking on the track and pushing away nascar official,  dont try to make excuses for the thug
I’m a huge fan of aggressive drivers. Swapping paint is racing. I didn’t know nascar fans have gone soft
I'm glad Dale put it the way he did because I don't agree with the ppl saying that because bubba didn't admit it he shouldn't get punished I believe there's enough on tape to make bubba either prove it wasn't intentional or get punished as if it was he can say his steering broke all he wants what about his throttle cuz he has to floor it to catch Larson all the way on the bottom and here's a good question has anyone looked at his steering? Is it broke like he said it was cuz I don't think even after he hit the wall it would've broke any of that. It's just another one of nascar's pick and choose who they punish and who they punish accordingly and one race no points is not up to par with what bubba did
No more kid gloves with bubba, there's a pattern here with him Jr.
Who is bubba wallace? Asking for a friend. Poor poOR bubba, he got all the rebel flags taken down and now you can't have a rope to close the garage door.   What's next, you can't rub a little.  Let's all kiss his butt.
In my opinion if you right corner a driver at over 170mph,  you get at less 5 race suspension,  then the after wreck antics, im not concerned about,but with the safety concerns about this car, & also taking out a chase driver , the BLM ACTIVIST SHOULD HAD BEEN SUSPENDED FOR AT LESS 5 RACES, DOCKED 200 DRIVER POINTS, & A $250.000 FINE THAT WILL BE PAID ONTO THE R&D OF MAKING THIS CAR SAFER. THATS MY OPINION ON THE MATTET
Using car fer' a weapon against a former Champion & ruin Bell's Championship run while rage quittin' = DQ fer rest of year imo.
Even the announcers were covering for Bubba as it happened.   Hey, that's woke Racing. But to see Dale take a knee really sucks.
Get used to the tone Bubba has set for NASCAR and the drama that consistently surrounds him. NASCAR had to do something for the egregious move Bubba made to take out Larson so they suspend for one race.  Looks like there will be no repercussions for the bullying and shoving and we all know why. Larson handled it correctly and made a fool of Bubba. Jr's opinion is a fence riding opinion. Something you don't expect from a veteran race driver.
They don’t hammer bubba because Nascar chose him to be the chosen one. Get woke and go broke!
My problem isn't the spin, my problem was pushing the official
Wow. You guys went pretty easy on Watson. From the safety aspect and potential injury Kyle could’ve suffered, especially with this new car, I expected you both to turn the screws on Watson a bit more.
Why is CNN not covering this story? Seems like a pretty big sports story regardless of what side you're on.
Nothing was said… lol.. disappointed
A tire changer can be suspended for multiple races for a loose wheel BUT BUBBLES gets away with a one race suspension. Absolutely no consistency in NASCAR!
kenny wallace said it correctly.
Drivers used to work out their differences in an empty trailor. What happened to those days?
Dale Jr. is NASCAR. NASCAR is political. NASCAR is suicidal. Enuff said...........................
Larson was doing what he gets paid to do, win races. Wallace ran himself into the wall.
With the way it happened, if Bubba wants to claim something went wrong with his car, it would be one of two things. Either his throttle stuck, which he should have been able to avoid hitting Kyle by steering away from him. Or his steering broke, which he should have be able to avoid hitting Larson by letting off or hitting the brakes... Unless both of those things happened at the same time, there's no reason that Bubba hit Kyle, other than he was mad he got ran to the wall, was left a lane, and ran out of talent and hit that wall...
By way of Nascars punishments, a loose wheel is much more dangerous than a loose cannon.
Because the cars are unsafe drivers are supposed to back off? Lol the cars are Nascars problem. We all know yall only hate on Bubba cause he's black.
NASCAR is just praying bubba doesn’t call in the FBI again…
I think this, Kyle Busch in truck series wrecking Hornady, and Carl Edwards wrecking keselowski both times (cup and Xfinity) are four worst blackeyes on the sports competition. Considering all the talk and experiences of this specific car being so much more dangerous and this talk being recent. This might then be the worst of the four and really makes you think about a future consequence not just for drivers but the sport as a whole I'd one day a racing retaliation ends in a death it might mean the end of nascar or a huge lawsuit. If it's proven someone intentionally wrecked someone out of anger and it results in not even death even serious injury like Nadeau or Bobby Allison.
Bubba should've been suspended the rest of the season and a bigtime fine for his wreakless actions...Period.
Wish I was a black American. Can get away with anything.
Dale is such a pushover.
Bubba 100 percent took him out. Why is he is nascars golden boy and can do no wrong?
Jr taking the kid gloves route, imagine that. It doesn't matter at this point because nascar has already made their ruling which was more kid glove treatment.  We've all seen the videos of the wreck and aftermath and have our own ideas of what exactly took place. Jr is still beholden to the nascar brand and will say or do nothing to negatively effect that relationship however wrong it may be.
Wallace was not punished more cause, Wallace would play the race card again. Say what you will. But this is the only reason Wallace got away with this.
Bubba should be suspended for rest of season. Because that is how driver get hurt or killed
Car wasn't on fire no need to get till safety crew was there,bubbas walk was intentional
Dale you need to go back to your eye doctor for a check up ! There was no contact by Larson's car to Bubba's car ! Bubba wrecked his own car by being a Drama Queen ! NASCAR should give Bubba a short skirt  for being such a great example of a Drama Queen !
Dale acted like we are all blind and stupid
I would like to also add that Larson had his helmet and his hand after that first show when he sent Larson flying about 5 ft. If Larson would have turned around and smacked him in the head but that helmet he wouldn't have got shoved anymore and he would have been in the right to do so. Self-defense
Bubba Wallace should be banned,Dale Jr.stop sugar coating the issue , .
You can put any spin or twist and turn into this the guy is just has no class is a below avg driver and the noose and confederate flag bs was weak .
Dale Jr unfortunately is nothing more then a corporate shill.
Dale you need to quit pushing nascars narrative and agenda with bubba. I think we're past that now.
Well they suspended him one race which is Ludacris,He should have gotten points taken and fined and should get some anger management  What he got is a joke
Bubba is a snotty little punk who feels entitled because he's a minority. He's losing his couple fans he had left.
Larson didn't touch Wallace
C Bell saved Kyle from a worse hit. Bubba needs therapy and a vacation.
I love you Dale, but that wasn't a shoving match matching plies that both people were shoving. That was a bully picking on a way smaller man because if he had been bigger bubble Wallace's side that shoving "match" would not have taken place
*5.4k views to 548 likes*  lol says it all.
Should’ve been suspended the rest of the season imo
Costco is a better place for tires.  They give Road Hazzard warranty.  Great prices, Free installation and  free balancing, free rotation. Cheap hot dogs too.
Bubba is like a wild animal. What was the penalty for? He made a plethora of mistakes, and kept on making them. Was it: - walking along a live track, - ignoring NASCAR official(2) repeatedly - assaulting a NASCAR official -assaulting a driver to provoke a fight - maliciously wrecking another driver, while ruining a (playoff) champion contenders race. Pick one, and explain why the rest of his infractions were acceptable. His bad behavior is exposing NASCARS " woke" ideologies.  EVERYTHING WOKE GOES BROKE. BYE NASCAR. Im sad to see your demise before my very eyes. I will miss the "Good ol days" when NASCAR had an entire field of heroes. I can, count on one hand, how many heroes are in NASCAR, and still have a couple of fingers left to pick my nose and scratch my ass.
y'all cannot say Dale Jr. is saying what he's saying bc of nascar, Jeff Burton works in the same friggen booth and has been all for suspending him. you can not blame them both for being hyper critical of the situation until you exactly know all of the facts. right now it's just all speculation until the findings are public. yes you can just use your eyes like every causal observer. but data is a lot harder to be fooled than our eyes
The penalties and fines in this case are useless. Bubba is not in the championship and neither is the team. Make them pay next year so that the first day all we hear about is a reminder to act like you have some sense. Also make a special “charity fine” for behavior like this and sock it to them hotheads!
Dale, you should not excuse or sugarcoat the incredibly bad decision making and behavior on the part of Wallace.  You gotta clean it up Dale Jr.  You are obviously the only one that saw a “shoving match”.
Well Bubba Smolett is NASCAR's golden boy. The slap on the wrist is more that I expected from NASCAR
Bubba Smolletts  penaltie does not reflect all the infractions he made. Nascar, McDonald's,  DH and MJ should all be held accountable for the actions their representative made. IMO
Chip on both shoulders straight from the HERMANATOR… Fact.
Wow dale you gone down hill
C'mon Jr! be better. There's one guy in the wrong in this situation. Plain and simple. Don't sugar coat it. A below average driver found another way to find a little bit of attention.
Marty wld b a good guest to have on the download
The KING fired Bubba cuz he was trouble.  Jordan will stick with his BRO. for now, but he'll have to fire the bum eventually.  What was Bubba's penalty ?  It was a free day off work. ????  and no financial penalty ??   That's nuts !
Larson had the position, Bubba should have backed out but he didn't and hit the wall.  He then hits Larson AT SPEED, not under caution or after the race, takes out his car, Larson's car, and a Chase contender.  He gets out of his car, goes to Larson, starts shoving him, and then shoves an official.  He justifies all this in the interview with some video game BS excuse:  "I don't lift".  If you're gonna have longevity and success in this sport, you better learn how to lift and bring the car home in one piece.  If not lifting was all that was required, they could get a lead foot rookie to destroy cars every week for less money, which is exactly what he looks like.  Bubba is undermining his own talent and NASCAR was right to suspend him in hopes that he matures and has a long future in the sport.  NASCAR also shares some fault in this.  The penalize drivers for behavior and then use that footage to promote the next race.  This goes back a long way.  It sends a mixed message and has created a problem having clean racing each week.  NASCAR needs to realize that sponsors don't pay millions each year for torn up race cars and people are getting hurt.
If they changed the rules to say the driver will be fined and lose points for an intentional wreck, why didn't that affect Bubba. Did he only receive a 1 race suspension?  If so, why?
the intent was there and quite clear - - - wheels turned left and accelerated.......no fine or points - - - - there should be a rule on "lying" to cover up what really was done......then just man up and say "I don't want to answer that".....period.........quit with the b/s that no one buys...
Dale is looking at this incident objectively, as a NASCAR team owner, and taking the facts as they are and looking at how they stack up to the rule book. I respect the hell out of this.  Kenny Wallace got all emotional with his response and most of you guys obviously prefer that.
Not surprised that Dale is on bubba nuts. Everyone know Bubba did that on purpose one race suspension a slap on the hand.
"I can't wait till Dale speaks his mind, he's gunna give us the real opinion for a veteran driver!" *Dale Jr gives his opinion* "....... I didn't want THAT opinion. "
f BLM
Typical sell out opinion.  Best Tshirt salesman NASCAR has ever seen.  Fruit of the Loom Hall of Fame 1st pick.
1 race is not enough but at the same time its better than nothing.
Once again it highlights the fact that Bubba runs out of talent/common sense, before he runs out of racetrack...
NASCAR drivers have always fought, racial politics makes everything be lame.
Bubba should be sidelined for the rest of the year. Don't care about how mad you are. Hooking someone in the right rear is unacceptable. Bubba is a liar and this isn't the first time he has done something so blatantly wrong. He is garbage and I can't wait until he is railroaded out of this sport
Bubba Smollet still sour about his garage pull race hoax
"Mr No Lift" had a gas and brake pedal and steering wheel, he didn't use any of them, he hit the wall himself and showed how a medicore driver at best failed to engage his brain in the situation and then walked down the track , then engaged in shoving match. Strike 1 - 2 and 3
Bubba hit the wall, Larson only touched him after he already hit the wall.  What happened to Bubba was totally self-inflicted.  He could have lifted, but didn't.  He could have not wrecked Larson, but did.  Every choice that was made after he hit the wall was his.  No free pass.  He got the suspension due to HIS actions.  And there ain't a thing you can do about it.
Great points Dale, sucks most of the fans are having a hissy fit about it, hopefully they move to tennis or learn about Nascars past
Can’t believe dale and mike even REMOTELY defend this idiot. I haven’t watched a race in several years due to what nascar has become; watching the download is the last connection to the sport I have. And I’m about to give that up. Very disappointed.
WOW JR. Run for office cuz boy you sure have said a lot of nothing
》》 IT is so sad to see so much bad driving in nascar these last 5-10 yesrs.!! That is why so many of us do not watch or care anymore..!!!!
Perspective.....Larsons car NEVER touched Bubbas car!!!
Hey guys, maybe Dale Earnhardt Jr knows more about the sport than you, despite your cherished dislike for Bubba that's utterly transparent.
Imagine getting a job cause of your skin color
Bubba drives like a idiot, and danger to himself and others.
Poor "June Bug",,, He Gave NASCAR To Much Credit...  <>  NASCAR,,, Now,,,, Just Like The NFL,,, NBA,,, Gives The "Bastardly Golden Boy,,," a  Free Pass... He Should of Been Set Down For At Least On Race,,, Fined At Least 100,000,00 Maybe More,,, and Points Docked Both Driver, and Car Owner... But Because "Bubbles" Is BLACK,,, He Get a Free Pass...  He,,, "Bubbles" Destroyed Over a Million Dollars In Racing Equipment,,, And Was Fined,,, Nothing...  I Quit Watching The NFL, The NBA, Indy Car,,, Now NASCAR Can Kiss My Kazoo... I Was a Big "Bubbles" Fan,,, Now,,,, F Him...
Jr is too blinded, he is a Nascar employee, don't wanna upset the brass and lose announcer job, so won't ever tell it how it really is
Like your dad and the king said (there's a brake pedal on the thing too)
Why is nobody talking about a black man attacking an Asian,?? You know if it was reversed they would be sending Kyle back to school,
sorry, but I disagree with you on this.  Bubba intentionally hooked Larson on probably the worst place on that track. Fines don't mean crap to them. he needs to be sat down for a race or two. this happens after two days of safety training about the nextgen cars. obviously none of that mattered. I'm sure that the Toyota people are not happy with him about taking out another championship contender also.
This just makes me so upset that Reddick is headed there. Denny is so hateable and Bubba has finally joined him, imo. Especially after his, im a front runner now and I won't take that, kinda stuff. You're not even in the chase. Don't come at me with frontrunner. Same skill level, better car. Totally reckless and a complete baby.
How was he not called to the Haller of NASCAR.🥵😎
He should be banned and charged for the damage
That was pathetic display.  Dangerous.
1) Larson drifted up track, crowded him, did not put him in the wall 2) Bubba chose not to lift like Harvick did 3) Bubba put himself into the wall 4) Bubba wrecked Larson in a manner consistent with how other drivers have already been injured this year. 5) Bubba caused Bell to wreck effectively eliminating his chance to advance unless he wins a race now(a Toyota manufacturer "teammate"  6) Bubba went and pushed Larson 5 times not knowing if Larson was injured from the accident or not. No self awareness  7) Bubba ignored track official orders to get in the emergency vehicle.  8) Bubba destroyed a roughly 350k car. And he get let off with a weeks suspension?   9) Bubba also destroyed his own roughly 350k car. Would he be so aggressive if he was made responsible for making Hendrick, Gibbs and 23x11 whole with the expenses his bad decisions cost everyone?  10) Bubba needs anger management if he's making decisions to intentionally put other peoples lives at risk.  Thats all I got to say  Sent from my iPhone=
bubba did what was expected..he turned to violence cause he is NOT a pro he's an activist just like Jr.
Dale, you’re usually much more direct
Hey there Dale Jr if you look at the video which I know you have Kyle Larson's car never touched bubba Wallace's car bubba Wallace drove his self into the wall then got back on the gas and went down and clipped him in the right quarter panel and took both of them out plus the other car so bubba Wallace is 100% at fault
Bubba thinks his 💩 don't stink All his fault Nascar is nothing since Earnhardt died
Nascar is now like womens basketball now.
Entirely too light of a penalty; this is not the first time something like this controversy has happened involving Wallace, and it's pretty sure that he learns nothing from it, in spite of his PR people's well-crafted apology released on his behalf. And only ONE race?  How many races does NASCAR handout as penalty for wheels falling off? There should have been a fine $100-250,000, and  points deducted from driver and owner deduct 100 ..... since one race definitely doesn't matter enough at this point in season to him,  I think he should also be forced to attend anger management classes. He clearly has a short fuse, as he has shown before on more than one occasion! Just suspended for one race, woke NASCAR should've suspended his ass for the rest of the year. Insignificant suspension. He is out of the championship and the team is out as well. Penalties should apply to the next year so that the teams will be reminded how serious an infraction can be. And there should be a huge “charity clause” fine for these types of infractions involving temper tantrums. Larson got his whole season wiped out for uttering a single word while playing a game. Risk no one's life or livelihood. Isn't Larson's half Asian minority good enough for NASCAR? McDonalds should pull their sponsorship now that would be the best penalty of all. Sorry but there's no way he's going to learn a thing from this ! no probation? No mandatory anger management training ? If anyone DRIVER they would have thrown the book at them !! Owner still gets points with whoever drives the car ! NASCAR needs to act the same no matter who it is ! You can’t push an official ! Never mind walking on a hot track like he did ! Unbelievable. I think that NASCAR was scared to do what was right because of the race card possibly being thrown. Nuff said. He got off light. Way too light. And If I were the car owner he would be looking for another job. I will never have respect for him again. Getting away with it now will empower him to do anything he wants in the future. NASCAR gives bigger penalties for saying "bad" words. But crashing someone on purpose and then assaulting them is less? Not enough. Intentionally wrecked another car, costs Bell a chance at the title, assaulted another driver and put his hands on an official. Suspended 1 race? Come on man!  A loose wheel... 4 fkn races. Absolutely ridiculous! I couldn't stand him before differently more now.
when its points for BUBBa smollet ...it will not matter he is a non factor for a chase.
Bubba taking out the golden boy is poetry in motion y’all should thank him
I wonder if this incident had not involved Bubba, would be getting as much media coverage.
How does a hitting the wall slightly with the right front make the car turn hard left?
It's disappointing to see Jr. sugar coat this and try to make Bubba look innocent here. I bet if Jr. was in Larson's place his words wouldn't be so nice. Had this happened to Dale Sr., Bubba would have been picking his teeth up off the infield grass and Sr. would have gotten a half season suspension.
Give them boxing gloves and a ring in the infield 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Larson never touch bubba’s car. Bubba hit the wall all by himself.
Bubba did what anybody that was racing would have done. Bubba always get screwed and it isn't fair how he is treated by NASCAR. I believe everyone scared that bubba going to be the best driver ever that why they tried make him look like the villain. NASCAR needs over turn his penalty. Bubba was trying to win owners championship.
Jr. Def Brainwashed by NBC to love bubba
Larson never touched him! One race no points no fine! Talk about your black privilege. Pathetic
People whining about no points penalty, he's missing a race, aka he's getting zero points this week...thats pretty much a points penalty right there!
Getting run high is part of racing. Getting run into the wall sucks but sadly it’s still part of racing. Retaliating at times is part of racing, but hooking someone into the fence like that isn’t part of racing. It’s dangerous and uncalled for. Justifying your actions with what appears to be a bold face lie is flat out scary. 1 mistake compounds into many mistakes and like they said, in literally 10 seconds you tear down a lot of work you did and you perpetuate the stuff people have said about you. Probably isn’t fair but that’s life. Grow up fella and grow up quick.
He still needs a $200K fine &  the rest of the season suspended
If he was white he wouldn't have a ride.
Every podcast or interview I’ve seen never mentions the fact that golden boy also pushed an official.
He can't prove it, he is hiding behind the truth. The TV in car shows enough without data.
Bubbles needs to be suspended for the rest of the season . Macdonald's should pull their sponsorship . Oh wait , it's a diversity hire so we'll change the rules so Bubbles won't even get his hand slapped.
Shoving match? Come on Dale, how can it be a "match" with only one participant?
Bubba is making a reputation of being a hot head, without the talent to back it up
NASCAR was too lenient on Bubba. I'll be sitting out the rest of the season...
It's really weird how everyone is losing their mind over this. I agree that he for sure should've been suspend and fined, but I have to ask...where was this level of hatred and vitriol when Harvick wrecked the field at Talladega, or when Edwards spun Brad resulting in him flipping? Hell, what about when Gordon wrecked Boywer. Where was this when Hocevar did the same thing earlier this year? People are calling Bubba a "punk" and "thug" for pushing Larson, but not Gordon for fighting burton, and punching Keselowski, or Boywer for throwing MULTIPLE punches at Newman after the All-Star race...you cannot sit there and tell me there isn't something wrong with that, and if you try to, you're lying to yourself. If you treat Bubba like this, make sure to keep that same level of anger towards those other people who've done the same, if not worse.
First of all ( THEIR WAS NO SHOVING MATCH ) NASCAR'S BOY DID ALL THE SHOVING. " THEY HIT THE WALL " NO BUBBA DROVE HIMSELF INTO THE WALL. NOT NASCAR'S POSITION TOO FIND INTENT, WTF ? THEN WHO'S POSITION IS IT ? IT WAS OBVIOUS BUBBA TRIED & DID TAKE HIM OUT, RIGHT.   SO FAR ASSCAR IS NOT GOING BY THEIR OWN RULES BY NOT TAKING AWAY POINTS & NO FINE AS OF YET, TOTAL BULLSHIT BECAUSE HE'S THEIR POSTER BOY. SOME PEOPLE CAN DO NO WRONG & NEVER HAVE ANY CONSEQUENCES TOO THEIR ACTIONS OR JUST GET A SLAP ON THE WRIST. WHAT A F'KN KLOWN WORLD THIS COUNTRY HAS BECOME, SPECIAL RULES, LAWS FOR " SPECIAL PEOPLE ".
Everybody forgot how Carl Edwards did this to Brad K at Atlanta and nearly killed him and got a ZERO penalty
NASCAR will do nothing to Bubba , i wont say the reason why but everyone knows
Jr. should take this incident more seriously
And your stance on this whole situation being what it is has pushed me further away from your podcasts and further away as a fan bubba Wallace was clearly at fault all the way he cannot drive he has done nothing but create controversy after controversy after controversy it's time for NASCAR to put their foot in that boy's ass and kick him out the door
Bubba Smellette created Noosecar and now he’s over privileged.
No Shoving Match, Larson did no shoving!!
Did something happen? 🤣
Like him or not bubba is not afraid to show emotion. Like some of the other drivers. That’s what makes him different
Bubba had the opportunity to back out of the throttle and he didn’t. Larson never touched him.  Bubba bounced it off the wall then he took Larson out at full throttle.  Someone posted the data on YouTube and it proves Bubba did it on purpose.  Fine his ass and suspend him for the rest of the season.
Once again,NASCAR crapped on reality,and did political move,there wrong as wrong can be, because the drivers and owners won't stand there ass' up,truth bomb
Larson never hit him Dale. Bubba did it to himself. He should of got 3 weeks off
Every one knows bubba is the poster boy for nascar and they did just slap him on wrist that's all !
I think Kenny Wallace did a great job debullshitting this incident.
I expect more from Dale. Wrecking someone intentionally 170mph with the knowledge how hard the hits are with the current car is unacceptable. The suspension is more than justified. It should have been multiple races.  This consistent act of treating bubba with kid gloves by junior and DBC is ridiculous.  Take some notes from Kenny Wallace.  Hell even Joey Logano had a much better take.
JR.sure showing his stupidity today
....and shoved the NASCAR official and ignored the rule for mandatory ambulance ride to infield care center in addition to possibly ruining the 20's championship opportunity....when interviewed regarding that point, he shrugged and said that's racing. That was a punk a$$ b*tch response. Not a manly thing. If bubbles wants to play with the big dawgs, go to Larsons hauler after the race and sock him in the face...if he's man enough. My opinion, he got off way to easy because NASCAR didn't want to discriminate against the "black guy" The whole ordeal was a joke. Larson gets suspended for a year for a "racial slurr" in THE OFF SEASON....irony, McDonalds fired Larson - FOREVER!!!!! Are they gonna take any action against bubbles? Against MJ? doubtful. NASCAR has become a joke!!!!
Jr sure used a lot of words to say a whole lot of nothing.
hendrick should tell his drivers to take wallace out if they can. every race
Bubba did it on purpose..he needs to be suspended for the rest of the year!!
My concern was the right quarter panel hook that put Larson drivers side into the wall. We all know these cars hit much harder and do not absorb near as much impact. Could have been a much worse outcome.Then the repeatedly shoving Larson without concern for possible injury from impact was unjustified.
NASCAR will look at it through the same lens they looked at the door pull incident and Bubba gets a pass. Just as many lifetime fans like me are giving NASCAR a pass.
Bubba should be in jail .
He controls his rage better than he controls a race car.
All these drivers crying because a driver gets close to the door. This is a contact sport. Always has been always will. But wrecking somebody at 150 mph on purpose is dangerous.
I enjoyed watching Larson getting thrown around the infield. It's only about time someone does it
This was good for nascar.  Thank you Bubba.
Mr. Obvious could figure this one out. Steering broke?...did not brake...jumped on the throttle...coincidently drove in a straight line toward Larson's rear quarter panel...🙄 What if Larson would have been seriously injured? The idiot should be banned for the rest of the season...
No fine or points.  1 race suspension.  If it were an accident, why would he get out of the car and go after Kyle.  Disappointed in Nascar.
Kyle got a year for far less.
So Matt kenseth got a 2 race suspension for purposely wrecking logano but bubba only gets a one race suspension. This is crap and nascar knows it.
You're both out to lunch, Bubba should have gotten way more discipline for what he did.
So Dale do you think a loose wheel should get a stiffer penalty than the penalty for what this idiot did? He could have ended Kyle's career not to mention the rest of it
Steering wheel smt says he’s liar along with track record with the whole noose propaganda. He lacks accountability same as anyone who plays the victim. If he would have lifted he wouldn’t have hit the fence and probably would have won. I wonder where Denny sits on the situation? Wouldn’t know no post race for the playoffs but that’s NASCAR for you!
Suspension means what to a psychopath?
I get why you like Marty and I have no problem with Marty asking if he wrecked him on purpose.  What followed though was Marty taking a side instead of just reporting.  If I was Bubba, I would never answer one of his questions ever again.  I would walk past him to talk to 10 reporters...I'm not even a Bubba fan...
Quit sticking up for NASCAR's Token!!!
So why did Kyle Larson get two years away from  Nascar for the N word????????? 10/19/22
Usually you tell like it is, c’mon man! He throws a tantrum and slams Larson into the wall and then walks across a live track like an entitled brat, and tries to bully Larson, who could’ve had a head injury. What a loser.
So, safe to say, Jr wasn't expecting a suspension. I'm actually glad for it. What he did, under race speed, and taking out a chase driver in the process, the suspension was well deserved. Besides, he's not in the chase anymore. What does a points penalty do, to someone who points don't really matter anymore?
As a driver, Jr. would know what to say here but as a TV announcer, he has become a softie. His dad would know exactly what to say and he would have been correct. "Marty kept fishing," BS. He asked questions that needed answers. Great comments by Mike.
Jr the ass kisser Larson never made contact with Wallace until Wallace made contact with him first.
Yep, Bubba's a PUNK!
Bubba needs to mature. He obviously has talent he showed that at Kansas. If he can grow up and get hold of himself in general, he could well win a championship, but he is about out of chances
I thought that Kenny Wallace had the best observation on Bubba and Kyle.
bubba is a thug. he has always been a jerk. Lying and only wants to fight
Nascar has become a joke. They sit Larson for a year for a saying a word. Wallace wrecked Larson then assaulted him and then pushed an official. SIT WALLACE FOR A YEAR!!!!
Bubba's lucky Kyle didn't clock him with his helmet in hand
Dale no matter how you spin it, it was wrong at that speed to intentionally take out a driver, and also someone else who had nothing to do with the incident. How many others are pushed to the wall in racing, not always intentionally just because they are driving hard.
Lol it's crazy how fans think they know more than the drivers who have been in the sport
Who cares...Bubba is and azzhole..blm.?. Thats what it comes down to... not scared to say it... that's the problem... Bubba wants to be equal.. get better..you suck...even if your white..you suck...
I just wish it would have been Kevin 4 instead the 5 there would have been fight
There was no shoving match Bubba was the only one shoving
I think it was more the speed they were going to. his car wasn't wrecked that bad until after he hit Larson,  that's what I didn't get. he will get there.
Kinda done with Bubba. He thinks he's way cooler than he is. Now we know he's a punk AND a liar. And his answer for taking out Bell while performing this dumbass move shows he ain't so sharp either. "SPORT"?  wtf does THAT mean?
Steering is broken so he goes full throttle 🤣
Just one race suspension is NOT enough.
Bubba was suspended but didn't get fined Nascar is a joke when comes to punishment, they park kb and Matt and fined both
Bubba is a bum, a cancer to the sport. The reason I no longer watch nascar. FBW
Your daddy would've called a spade a spade.
Not only drivers trying to kill each other they lie on tv and insult our intelligence as ran fans. Cant believe anything they say
A one race suspension is not enough in this case!!
No, we are fishing. Double standards. NASCAR could lose the base again. This sport has to lead.
Bubba is a poster boy for NASCAR... That is why only a suspension and Nothing else..Another way NASCAR is killing the sport..
So, your advocating lying for reward “saying what needs to be said” as opposed to the truth…?? Disappointed in the lack of character you’re displaying !!! Noosecar bubba is textbook affirmative action, token minority, no talent, woke disaster that is destroying Nascar and America !!  😳😱🤔😳😡😡😡  .
Earnhardt got the nickname "the intimidator," because he was such a kind driver. Jr. Can shut up because his Dad was an ass on the track and look where that got him..
Ya. It’s a rule. And it should be tightened. It’s how the deal works. Isn’t that easy to track Dale. Like everything on and off these cars. Just done with the Bubba deal. He’s a racer. Play  by the rules.
MAN I wonder why everybody's walking on eggshells??? Hmmm
Dale… as a race driver YOU KNOW that bubba took out kyle intentionally. We don’t watch this channel to see you walk on eggshells.
Suspension
I think everyone knows what happened. Lol. No sense in clouding these issues. In all respect. All of them are different, but that was the top of the list.
Will anyone miss him on Sunday? Hopefully the #45 wins a race this weekend.
First
