Best new boss in the DLC??
13:27 ARE WE NOT GONNA TALK ABOUT THE BACKSHOT ATTACK
Wait a sec, Delicious Last Course stands for DLC?
Maybe it's a parallel attack
Plus if you want to play op bop play cuphead expansion
Jered head or ronnie mcnut?
I just realised that hard more CupaGoovno just uses most of scrapped content
3:55 🤣
People in 2025
i heard RuneScape music
I didn’t notice this DLC actually means Downloadable Content
Bruh the radish is actually in game as a secret phase only used if you don't hit the onion
7:13 I think that is scrapped art for the Chaser shot.
Whats the first song
P L A N T BOI
6:19 I think that would have been possibly used for coin op bop
one thing i noticed that went unused was grim matchstick's unused eyeball attack, similar to his laser eye attack, except it was a colorful ball projectile  that and the secret elder kettle death quote
I think they’re not gonna update for a while
9:54  chicka chicka slim shady
Don’t hurt the onions when playing and you will see radish
Go lil jelly bean go
20:28 THATS WHAT SHE SA-
I think the king doesn’t have an own boss fight, because it would be too similar to chef saltbaker. (At first seeming like a nice side character that gives the protagonist inormation and help, but then turning out to be an evil boss character.)
1:43 yep
P L A N T B O I
“Tower of Power” *oh god*
23:56 why is the glumstone flower labelled as just omm?  WHYYYYYYYYYYY?
When u said parry the like button how the hell did u make the like button glow up like that
Fascinating !
P L A N T B O I V 2
PLANT BOI V2
19:41  bro said next up let’s talk about unused weapons charms 😂😂
1:17 go little jellybean I believe in you!!!  I cant😂
Ahem *P L A N T B O I*v2
My only question is at one point why is there  Mario music?
I love how you put Mario Party 2 music in
IN THE THUMBNAIL, IS THAT PACHINKO?! 😮😮😮😮
The unused phases being in the code makes me remember pizza tower, if you check the sprites like john pillar he is named hungry_pillar because in the demos he was supposed to eat the toppings and then let you pass into another room, or like tribe cheese that is still called indian cheese in its sprite, idk it just made me remember that
What if originally elder kettle were to give the player coins to get the peashooter 7:12
Lihy.
Lunar... LAES
6:15 imagine having your first charm be the astral cookie 💀
4:53 P L A N T   B O I
who is your favorite caphead character
7:14 ITS THE CHASER SHOT
I think there is a chance the scrapped stuff comes back bc the green man boss attack was re-added in the doc and ska for triple shot (coverge is triple shot and green man phase is second phase in the spider bossfight)
You do realize Eminem is the worst thing out in the world you do realize that
why didn’t they call it “Ryan’s Badonkadonk”?
Is nobody talking about the fact that they turned the light unused boss into the second phase of moonshine mob
I have some answers about the content we never got in DLC: Esther’s UFO attack can be forced in, and it will appear as a placeholder red block that shoots three “Jareed” projectiles (one is parryable) Coin Op-Bop/Lunar Williams was intended to be in the DLC, but it was simply not finished.  The ParryThermometer tied to Glumstone’s fight can also be forced back in, but it will appear as nothing. Oh also, The Airship was probably planned to return in the DLC before King’s Leap was made, but was cut when the chess theme was added.
the clown devil thing in the slot machine phase of ribby and croaks is still be able to be seen normally
Jimmy the great was very cursed
R.I.P ROBO SQUIDWARD 😭😭😭
4:54 P L A N T B O I
I cant parry the like button it isnt pink =c
3:49 it's actually a snake, not frog 👍
Tbh I thought that picture in pork rinds shop was Cala moreia
"PŁÆÑT BØĮ!!!" - Tetrabit
Heres an idea for the scrapped tower of power, idk what it would be called, maybe ace or something, but it would be like a rush of every boss
3:49 fun fact: this is semi not unused, for a few miliseconds, you can randomly see the demon for some reason…
The fact that the spider boss was used for phase 1 in the DLC boss is wild
Bro In the beginning I thought it said Europe but it was your up
0:03 Europe
i found that there was a hill that had a face someone in the vid
I really hope they implement Coin-Op Bop at some point, maybe in a dessert DLC or something.
I remember in 2015 when jelly the octopus was playbill I used to hate him but now I miss him😢
I found out that the the part where i saw the triple shot peashooter 9:21
POV: the gnomes are related to rayman
They probably one that you’re talking about right now I’m watching right now the placeholder that gun thing that’s probably the peashooter we get from elder kettle because it’s the only one that shaped like that
It is a mod called master quest
Esther is literally the next Hilda Berg.
21:23 LIGHT TEST REFERENCE its the gameplay not code
3:21 so your saying my suffering is just because of sloppy coding?
Mr. Saltbaker
HERE AT 696K SUBS LOLLLL
This video,s about to get red hot
Imagine they make a new DLC using even more unused stuff called like... Aftermath, or the Sketched DLC (sketched because like, you sketch out ideas and find sketches of unused ideas because
Se que me van a odiar pero Ñ
43 82 61
THEY KILLED ROBO SQUIDWARD.                     ):(
I think the devil slot was going to be where you had to parry it to get through
it's also from sing 2
Rip robot squidward let’s hope another dlc is made adding him
Bruh
Plantboy really plan boy that's the best thing you could come up with him he's my best friend Wordly I can beat him easy-peasy on regular mode and he in the root packs orders of that and
Did anyone Else  notice Thant dlc Stands for delicious last course 😯😯
i cant be the only one who noticed that the bug fight has a very similar attack to the scraped fight w the frog
I JUST REALISED THAT MOONSHINE MOB PHASE 2 IS A REWORK O THE "LIGHT" BOSS
i doubt this threw anyone else off but it did for me, there is no solos in the song at around 20:00 minutes in...
R.I.P squidward
Boss
Parry
the pickle guy and the dlc ant women have the same  code
Do you remember the second unused king dice boss from the other lost bits cuphead video  Look at moonshine mob phase 2
Wait a min... Did I just hear a mario song?
My name is Brutus
Rip robo squidward 😢 they'll never be experienced by players again ... 😪
In 4:30,I think that it was used to be a beam you parry and if you don’t, it damages you.
I want to use Ryan's keister
Plant boi is awesome  I want him as a pet as long as he doesn't kill me
1:29 Nattorator:these look kinda creepy. Me:THEY ARENT CREEPY DUMMY!?!?!
75:21
esher winchester
7:16 I Think We Supposed Buy The Peashooter and not Getting it From Elder Katle
Inkwell isle V should be added at one point. In the KD "checkpoints" to get to the next isle has a board, having numbers I-V.
Hey TetraBitGaming, you didn't mention that the light made a return in the DLC as phase 2 of the bug fight.
Plantboi v2
Triple p shot
I like how the light boss was reworked into the second phase of the moonshine mob.
22:59  We were so close to having another version of Mr lightbulb boy lol
you are amazing👍
why did you say pery the like button? I broke the monitor because of you. XD
chef slaltbaker
It would have been cool if you beat the gauntlet you would fight the king after the queen like the moonshine mob when the ant eater died but the snail was still alive like that but longer
I think the peas are the enemies
One day I will know how to mod and I will try to make it work.
Do conkers bad fur day
seceret devil boss
Actually the steak is a attack so originally Winchester was going to turn into a meatball
Hopefully they bring back the tower of power it seems like a really cool mechanic
In pork Rinds emporium I found a tommy gun
Every Cuphead Video Must Have *_PLANT BOI_*
and pinkheadbois
I like cuphead
Plantboy
Bro a hacker
We don't talk about Bruno no no no we don't talk about Bruno
Wolez
In the scrapped King fight TetraBit didn't say the word "attack" in beam attack because he didn't want to get sued by failboat.
Where did you find the pictures of the flowers?
Plantboi
Calialamorah +prockrine =Calialamrine
P L A N T B O I
The cows name is Esther😅
E
Cuphead boss rush sounds like pure hell  Well I'm going there anyway so bring it on!
In my opinion, the DLC should’ve brought back P L A N T B O I
R.I.P Robo Squidward's Chances to be Brought Back
you missed others for real like (rocket seeker) (mover cristal ground) (fired fish) (cude parry) (bubble devil jump) (auto dmg unknow)
nouice
in devil phase 2 our 3 dont remember there were birds?
i wish it was a cool map for a new level called dream extra
plant boi
You keep calling cagney  plantboi
Parry the like button? but it's not pink!
I like carrots in real life but I hate them so much in cuphead.
RIP Robo Squidward
1:15
Assumption: The fourth collar thing seems to be a wall that could only be passed by parrying over it, maybe either damaging the player or pushing them back and damaging them.
How do you see the code?
10:45 Pirate girl: “deadbeats!” Me: *DIABETES-?!*
4:54 P L A N T B O I   never gets old
Can’t parry the like button it isn’t pink :(
jumping jellybeans
15:47 the rook, blah blah blah, the bishop
I parried the like button and my computer broke
the tower of power is cool
I just realized that the ark is a different version of the chaser
Anyone else feel old yet
21:27 is it just me or does this fight look like the unused "The Light" one from the OG game? :0
I mean in chess you win when you isolate the king you never take that peice
15:05 if that isnt a shovel knight reference, i dont know what is.
I think the name is fitting and fun because the first letter of Delicious Last Course is DLC.
Gui and his wife Alison velvets are ready to deal with the devil
Hi my name is .what? my name is who? 😂 This never fails to make me laugh 9:47
Come Dream With Me Tonight On The Airship. Teddy Ruxpin: Oh No We Are Crashing! Teddy ,Grubby and Gimmick: Ahhh!!!!! Boom!!! 😂 9:31
Plant boi
the pixel that was way out of place in cuphead. i was able to load cuphead in unity and that block was used for the xbox profile picture
The peas maybe were going to be like the jellybeans a d just run along the floor
Hi
I love Carnical Kerfuffle
4:24 I think the creators wanted this one to be where you parry over a wall
BRO WE DONT TALK ABOUT BRUNO
😻
12:57:Cowgirl💀
Can you stop calling Cagney plant boi
does no one care or even notice that DLC Delicious Last Course? D L C
1:12 you know how chalice says (jumping jellybeans) maybe a reference to this😳
0:39 parry? The like button is not pink
"P L A N T  B O Y"
Hi Tetrabitgaming I didn’t know you like Cuphead because I like Cuphead As well and the DLC is good
4:53 - PLANT BOI
Trinston was here.  .
I find coin op bops theam
HEY, LUTZ THATS MY LAST NAME😂
I’m surprised you didn’t mention the reference to the triple laser enemy in the bug fight in the dlc
I do want to say, the radish boss in the root pack was NOT scrapped, if you don't hurt the onion in the root pack boss at ALL, it will send you right to the carrot, with the radish spinning around, then, you have to beat both bosses at the same time to beat the boss instead of the onion, then the carrot.
actually, the  your not a warrior Ur a begginer is used, in the tutorial when u kill yourself by shooting up and getting hit by a pink projectile
He doesn't even know that one scrapped old mini boss fight was added to the dlc-
what if the world was made of pudding?
The singer in moonshine mob has the attack as the light though
The beat didn't get scrapped just done hurt the onion and he'll a peer
They should add a setting on the menu called “charm B” this one will let you pair a second charm
Tetra when he sees Cagney:PLANT BOY Tetra when he sees Cagney again:PLANT BOY v2
4:53 P L A N T B O I V 2
I hate the jellybean
The unused fight with the frog was used in the spiders battle
Rip robo squidward :(
POV respond to this
I accidentally dive into the DLC without the pair of sugar cubes so far I didn't take damage though
RIP Robo Squidward
15:11 beam attack
noice
9:03 who else saw High-Sheas instead of High-Seas?
how do you get the boss health bar thing in game?
DONT TOUCH MY KEISTER
In the cala maria fight the scrapped blue fish looks like it coukd have been a typhoon
rip robo squidward
they call it the dlc bc it stanstds for deloucis last cours ind i doont know how to speel
4:54 funny plant
I've actually tried the float charm, and what happens is if you hold the jump button you fall atleast %50 slower
why mario music
İn one of the cuphead old versions, the Last phase in the botanic panic was almost imp
in 19:04 , i can tell what this is. when you go near the stage, you might hear a sound effect. like in High Noon Hoopla, you can hear country sfx.  since it says "worldmap" in the title, that means this sould be a sound effect when you go near the arcade.
I think the coffee did the same thing as it dose now I think that they just had a weird explanation
26:45 i love that they have shmup tutorial (i might just be unfamiliar with other uses of the word)   because markiplier calls games like this shmups (shoot' em' up)
"Hi my name is AAAAAUGH"
Hi, my name is what? My name is who? Got me XD
Y’know a while back I took some code from a hidden file in a game I was playing cause I was bored and well it was unused content so I added it to the main game and well what do ya know it worked so what I’m getting at is if you try to add the code to where you think it might fit DO IT and I might work
Someone loaded in Esther’s UFO Enemy and it appears as a hovering red bar and it shoots 3 projectiles spread out, which default to the jareed sprite. One can also be parried.
PLANT BOi
hey fun fact: its impossible to do tutorial without jumping
Rip robot sqwidward
the Delicious Last Course. Can you see the joke.
4:00 that's not a frog, it's a snake. See it's forked tongue and small fangs.
call it the unused bundle for cup head which would be a $4 bundle which would include the arcade the explosion weapon the unused slot in the frog fight and the npcs that didn’t make the cut
i wonder if the tower of power is gonna exclusively include robo squidward (pachinko/pachi pachi)
i think the blue flower was supposed to be if you parried the pink seed and it would help you
I think the bruno thing is scrapped because  WE DON'T TALK ABOUT BRUNONONONO
8:17 bro mugman hogging all the coins 😭
Bro plant boy gets no crops
16:18 Only i hear Flintstones in background? To hear them listen with headphones
you said 7 years it's 4
the boss rush is kind of already here because if you have already beaten all of the bosses in the kings leap  you can enter the gauntlet.
A
16:18 Tetra got Silva'd
why didn't you talk about how the second phase of the moonshine mob is an unused boss retextured
Waht if the tower of power took place in the astral plane
Why is there sonic and mario music in this
I don't know if you heard of it but there is a secret (unused, maybe? It may just be a placeholder) weapon and to access it (you don't need to go into the files) you need the DLC, equip the converge (it might need to be equipped in secondary) go into a no DLC version and you should have the triple laser. It seems like the converge bit it's the peashooter textures and it does less damage.
Delicious  Last  Course
I have a theory for coin op bop that it was made for a Cuphead arcade game it's a bit of a stretch but it make sense.
I can’t stop thinking that the unused card king boss fight was related to the king but it was probably just an early king dice mini boss
I have a feeling that the friendly plant boi in the Cagney fight was meant to be what happens when you Parry the pink seedling that makes them.  Since I noticed that the projectiles it shot at Cagney also were parryable
So you’re telling me my worst enemy was supposed to be even harder than that? Man thank god it was scrapped
fun fact: the "king of games" might be a reference to the show, yugioh, in which the "king of games" was previously the pharoah atem, also known as yami yugi. the current "king of games" is japanese middle schooler , yugi muto (pronounced moto).
"carnical kerfuffle" was that misspelling on purpose too? edit: also dont forget "hi sheas hi-jinx"
I have a boss idea. Bean. Bean is a boss then farts out beans that explode and some of them are parryable
10:53 redacted reason we dont talk about bruno
Rip robosquidward
Do a lost bits video on sonic origins
The whole "Tower of Power" thing kinda reminds me of coin-op-bop in the arcade stuff way
rip robo Squidward sadly
Wasn't there a scrapped phase for Werner Werman?
I would parry the like button but it is not pink so cant
the beams with the colors were from the pickle guy placeholder boss from your last video
22:06 how did you record me playing with my sis AND cut me, mugman, out?      (joke comment since my sis used that super art in this phase)
He knows his plant boi
I'm on board with that idea
If I’m honest, the fact the heart ring changes more of the game than any re added content that was removed!
But the like button isn't pink I can parry it
A Har in time lost bits part 2?
My singing Monsters lost bits
21:05 I’m pretty sure I saw a weapon similar to exploder in the trailers and I was a little confused that it wasn’t there when the dlc released
20:24 he’s the first member of the DK crew
Kiester is kind of another for a.ss
Coophead and Pal Mugman
10:47 We don't talk about bruno
I cant parry the like it isn't Pink :::::((((((((
I have a question What if you could kill the Angel in the secret fight
Lord gnome makes more sense as the level is called gnome way out,
I think the old coffee was for the blue flower as it would make the plants help thus the reference it being for people who care for the environment
I think the unused genie attack was for the unused Sheri kin bomb from Sally stage play and were reworked
The beet is actually a hidden boss that you can activate by not shooting the crying onion
You should make a lost bits on the epic mickey games because they are pretty much made of unused content.
You can See the unused thing in  the ribby and croaks fight on expert. I SWEAR I saw it. When i pause at the right time you can See the devil. Idk if its in the  regular Mode cuz i saw it in expert. I hope he puts me in a vid or something like That. Also i couldnt land on it.
THERE ADDED IMPOSSBILE MOD ASLO THEY ADDED BACK UNUSED THINGS
8:52 you typed "carnical kerfuffle"
How did you load all the unused content back into the game?
I am convinced that there will be 1 more dlc, with all the updated assets and also a chalkboard in the die house that counts the isles that someone (not the player) has completed which includes a number 5.
20:20 so, basically the attack would get Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger?
You should ty Arcious2401's method of unlocking Waluigi in mario64 ds.
0:13 but cuphead was made in 2017
Ryan’s keister should have been added in the dlc
By far the howling aces or chef salt baker
The accuracy weapon is like dead eye from binding of isaac, anyway, make a video about Binding of Isaac!
you should play and document everything in the dumped fnaf sb pre-release
ryan's keister, LOL😝
The slot machine was actually reworked into the cursed relic which is obtained after completing the gravestone puzzle which the order of gravestone have to be touched in a specific order which changes randomly for every different save of the game you get the pattern by talking to the first second and third placed people from the contest near the starting area which will have dialogue referencing a directing for example Dow or down left and going in order from first to third will unlock a secrete boss and once you beat the boss the broken relic will turn into the cursed relic which whenever your in a fight you are cursed too one hp and whenever you press the shoot or dash button your charm and shoot change everything you press it (it doesn't change if after you press shoot then you continue to hold down the shoot button)
I have a Question, WHAT IS WITH THE 8-BIT MUSIC IN EVERY VIDEO?
The boss rush mode sounds fun. Wish it was in the game
I think the blue variant is if you parried the seed while it was falling down
Hello everyone
Isn’t it cool they used mr spider and the light in the same battle?
Remember the mario kart 7/DS etc. Vids you did in the past, and how Waluigi wasn't in them, well at least Nintendo added Waluigi in mario kart 8!
It would be cool for the King Chess Piece Boss Fight to end when he is on 1 HP and instead of saying “Knockout!” It says “Checkmate!” As a reference to a checkmate in chess because you cannot capture the king in chess as it is against the rules
What is that theme that you used for the "bruno" thing?
I wish there was like a a third player mode from completing the DLC and losing to King dice no not king dice chef salt baker right now then that wouldn’t make sense just Cuphead never mind forget what I said
Peppa brunel
Peppa brunel
I’m to 100% the main game
11:25
Tower of power actually sounds like so much fun
I think the meatball phase of Esther Winchester is a secret phase. And I think when Esther throws meatball at you horizontally. It has been fan made and I wish Esther Winchester had a secret 3rd phase. Similar like the howling aces secret phase. Esther Winchester can have a secret phase but not in game still fan made
I'm upset no one noticed that the gramophone from bootlegger boogie IS the light enemy from the cut content
the like button aint pink so i cant parry it but ill hit it anyway this vid was awsome keep up the good work
Cuphead should add a ant boss fights theres 3 phases and there will be worker ants standing ur way like the queen bee depressed workers phase 1 the ant queen is shown and hidden the queen ant sends 4 figther ants will start crawling around the map+after u defeated thos 4 ants a huge flying ant will start attacking u + the character that ur using will start using a plane and attacking the flying ants for the 2nd phase the queen ant appears and start attacking u and sending barrages of workers and figther ants the 2nd ability was her throwing clumps of dirt in the air after they come down if one of the massive chunks or tiny ones will stained ur screen for about 5-9 seconds the third abilietie is the queen ant starts to soround the map with moving ants around the level makinf obstacles and more phase 3 the queen ant becomes bigger and haves obstackles around the map she will have 3 abielities first is calling ants and sorrounding ur plane untill u cant move u can juat press parrie or dash to escape they will have a falling animation the second abielitie is her throwing giant leafs to the charachter ur playing mostly 7 of those she will throw the third abielity is her using her stinger shooting out poising she will have a death animation and the location of the queen ant is on a random big green field
_P L A N T  B O I_  part 2.
Me when you said Bruno: WE DONT TALK ABOUT BRUNO NO NO
It is not cow girl its Esther Winchester
You don't hate it at all but then why is it called the delicious last course
The secret boss when you don't attack the onin looks like this 2:40
Camel attack might have been for Esther
NOTHING WILL BEAT *P L A N T B O I*
The convergence shooting noise is actually a  scraped noise from your first video
I personally believe that the king shouldn’t have a boss. In chess, (the kings challenge thing, it’s based on chess) the king is the weakest piece on the board. The point of chess is to protect your king. The Queen as the final boss makes sense as it’s the strongest piece in Chess.
The Airship seems like an early version of The King of Games Gauntlet. Given the information that the only way to attack Jelly the Octopus was to parry them and that both The Kings Castle and (Probably) The Airship take place in the sky, idk it seems slightly possible. Also a lot of content from The Airship seemed to be brought back in some sort. With the parry gauntlet idea, The Flying Gentlemen’s design being reworked for Bootlegger Boogie, and the last bit of The Airship itself being used for the original trailer for the DLC, so it seems like it’s spirit lives on.   Also, Coin-Op Bob continues to seem less and less like a run and gun stage for me. It’s the only track that gets faster out of all the run and gun tracks, plus if the under construction tent in Inkwell Isle 2 was for Coin-Op Bop, it would be the only run and gun level that has a different interactive element.   I might be wrong about both of these but I have been thinking about it lol
RIP Bozo Squidward
4:53 plant boi
Hi Sheas Hi-Jinx
It is sad I lined the video because he said to parry that like button
Plant Boi.
cool
Delicious  Last Course
10:54 We DoN't TaLk AbOuT
anyone else notice that “delicious last course” is “dlc”
For somereason the music when you was talking about coin op bop I heard the music was Sonic 3 angel island zone and then Mario bros and then Angel island zone
1:17
You know you can Perry the anteater's tongue
i want u  to  do a bfdia 5b lost bits  bfdi is a series by jacknjellife and has a lots of epsodies hers one i know Level Editor There was a level editor that was supposed to be finished, but due to the developers' college issues, the level editor is still locked. The level editor was supposed to allow you to put characters, playable or not, objects, titles, dialog, and a background.  To order to make levels in the meantime, you will need to edit the levels.txt file and load the game.(NOTE:There Is An Editor In The HTML5 Port. Unused Playable Charcters Exist Now.
The beat was not scraped when you don’t attack the onion after a certain amount of time he goes back in the ground and along side the carrot is (as I remember) a beat and possibly peas
PLANT BOI LOL LOL
0:20
Hey can you do sonic origins lost bits pls
What is the strongest boss
95% sure that guys just a toaster
*P L A N T   B O I   V 2*
That SlotMachine code kinda sounds like a roguelike boss rush. I'd love that.
Fun fact: DLC stands for delicious Last course.
In case you didn't know I think the Tower of Power was transformed into The Kings Gauntlet which is fighting every boss in the Kings Leap collectively.
im so glad i played it now
✨ We DoNt TaLk AbOuT bRuNo ✨
Missed opportunity to bring the unused attacks onto the Expert mode fights
10:47 I can see why this went unused, since we're not supposed to talk about him
Watching cuphead footage while RuneScape music plays in the background is an experience.
I back at super meat boy forever
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Hnx4OBaFAKs
Why do you call Cagney Plant Boi sometimes?
10:49 HE TALKED ABOUT BRUNO
I cant get over the flintstones theme in the background
16:18 get siivagunner'd lol
RIP robo squidward
Plant boi
You noticed how the fly box has a test_fight reference?
An unused shooting sound has been added back in.
Z
P l a n t b o i
OK I'm not hateing on tarrabit but I keep hearing graphics and iv been told cuphead is a game that was hand drawn so am I just a idiot or.
the beet is still there just dont attack the onion
Am i the only one who thinks the chess level is a newer version of the king card boss
TetraBitGaming: PLANT BOY
The king in chess is youless thats way
Somebody accidently used a SiIvagunner rip for the bg music. (16:30 is Flintstones/ GRAND DAD)
we don't talk about bruno
Good to see cuphead again.
I wish Cuphead left the unused stuff in files so we could see it. I wonder why they don't want us to see em-
We don’t talk about Bruno
I've parryed the subscribe button
RIP Robo Squidward:(
How are you able to see the game’s code?
Bruno then:(just a piece of code for a Video game character).                            Bruno now:a iconic movie character in a Disney movie)
you give great info it is not shocking tons of stuff do not make it to the final game i am sure games as old as nes has stuff cut out maybe not as much as now a days but still some and i can not blame them for the cut their are a number of whys they got cut 1 it looked good in the mind/paper but was a pain to put in the game 2 time no one has the time in the world to work on stuff so they cut to speed up making the game 3 maybe some of the cut stuff will end up on a remake/remaster of the game it might get a remake/remaster who knows i have watched people play the game it looks fun but not my cup of tea nightmare games are not for me
RIP Robo Squidward
it wouldve been cool if during the root pack peas wouldve been rolling across the bottom of the screen
boss rush? You mean godhome???
World chain
we don't talk about brineybeard
wolrd
i swear when theres a cuphead video with “dlc” i dont know if they’re talking about “downloadable content” or “delicious last course”
Bruno? We dont talk about bruno bruno bruno
wait the converge shooting sound was the same sound in your first cuphead lost bits in the wepons sounds
If you don't attack the onion it will smile and then we'll go to the 3th boss and instead a radish will attack you
The beet wasn't scrapped it was made a secret boss if you don't attack the onion while he comes from the ground
The old level names were probably in old demos from 2014/2015/2016 Also Wally had another old level name: A Fowl Afowl. It was only seen in old demos from 2015.
i have an idea what the “purple line placeholder” might’ve been, a purple/pink (or whatever color the things you can parry is) fire.
I only just realised that the acronym of delicious last course is DLC lol
I know what a castle is
A
The the yeti and the puppets on is king dice and then the other the devil
At least the spider became a boss
Cuphead DLC 2: Dug up Lost Content
Everybody thinks that the cow boss is a cow but it’s actually a Prairie dog
I appreciate that PLANTBOI has more things to him.
how to look in the code?
Technically the king has a challenge we’re you fight all 5 bosses in a row
we have come for your wondertart
We don't talk about Bruno no no no
When I heard the jellybean would’ve had a jumping attack I went through panic because the jellybeans ended most of my runs on that boss
P     L     A    N    T    B    O    Y
I think if the camel attack was in the DLC I would buy it
I mean they added something similar to tower of power. The cursed relic gives you random bullets and you have only 1 hp in fights.
WARNING! Carry on reading! Or you will die, even if you only looked at the word warning! Once there was a little boy called Joey, he was ten-years-old and he lived in a mental hospital because he posted a shitty copypasta onto a People Playground mod's comment section. He got so bad he went to kill all the staff in the hospital so the Feds decided that best idea was to get rid of him so they set up a special room to kill him, as inhumane as possible. And he sat there in agony for hours until he died. Now every week on the day of his death he returns to the person that reads this letter, on a monday night at 12:00 a.m. He creeps into your room and kills you slowly, by pegging you and watching you bleed to death. Now send this to ten other profiles on this one site, and he will haunt someone else who doesn't. This isn't fake. apparently if u copy and paste this to ten comments in the next ten minutes nothing will happen
There needs to be a cuphead+ dlc. It adds all the unused content and cut bosses in to the base game.
From what I can see, the Tower of Power kinda reminds me of the Pantheons from Hollow Knight, having the player go through a specific amount of bosses before ending on a completely new boss exclusive to those Pantheons. If the Tower of Power were to be somewhat similar to the Pantheons in HK, that would be an honestly cool way of allowing older scrapped bosses to return in some way and could even allow you unlock their areas after you encounter them in the Tower so you can fight them normally and essentially train yourself for their fights in the tower.
I know this was brought up awhile ago, but the raddish fight was never scrapped, if you just don't hit the union and just wait the raddish will appear
I think that the Light is an early version of th music box in the spider level
master mod to cuphead is using unsude atacks
If you are saying the radish is unused because you saw it in the game files and never encountered it it is because it is one of the several secret bosses, if you don’t hit the onion he will smile and go back down, then the radish will pop up
Hey, what's the name of that Angel Island Zone Remix? I like it.
Dude RIP Robo Squidward 😔
SWEET HOME ALABAMA
PLANTBOI
rip pachinko
The beetroot is actually in the game it only summons is you dont damage ollie bulb
Someone fell for a high quality rip during the tower of power part XD
actually you can get I'm not exactly sure what you're talking about when you say that because if you don't attack the second phase of the root pack then I'll just go on to the third phase but then a little rutabaga thing will come out of the ground but I'm still that might be a different thing
7:54 One other thing i noticed is that theres 3 charms instead of 2, and 2 Shot Potions instead of 3.
Porkgrind looks like his cuphead show self without the filter
R.I.P. robo-squidward
you know im not sure why no one is talking about how they used 'the light' in this dlc
I hope the game puts me in the game
I LOVE THE  P L A N T    B O I JOKE WITHIN THIS CHANNEL
If you do djimmi the great secret and died on last phase he will say something different
we need my boy pachinco
We’ve come for your wandertart GET OUT OF MY STORE
i had a thought, if bruno was an early name for brineybeard... what if bruno was brineybeards first name? bruno brineybeard
Long shot but would anyone know what kind of program you would need to see a program’s code like it’s shown here for Cuphead?
Nobody’s gonna talk about the Runescape song at 9:50?
The D.L.C. really does feel like Cuphead's ending, BUT the unused content could surface all finished and ready to play in an enhanced port of the game for PS5, XSX, and the next iteration of the Nintendo Switch sometime down the line. "Cuphead: The Complete Course" it could be called.
In my opinion they should add the arcade beacuse it would be more fun and like those classic games
18:39  grand dad
In chess u dont kill the king u wgen when he got ni moves left i think tgat why u dont fight him
Pachinco could be the person who runs the coin-op bop tent use him as a character who let's the boys play the game and gives them challenges in the game as well
We don’t talk about bruno
I’ve Been waiting for this forever!
Hey I think the test is just you know a test to see the walking in flying animation looked
R.I.P robo squidward
*wassup wassup*
Lmao nice Siivagunner rip
At 6:01 the “NEW” texture is from the 2016 demo where when you buy a new weapon like the spreadshot it’ll have that graphic in the top corner next to the equip button
Can you do a mario kart 8 lost bits?
PLANT BOI V2 4:50
RIP Robo Squidward
In the PLANTBOI fight with the unused content where that plant attacked the boss, it’s a lot like the police officers in bootlegging booglery boss where they shoot at the spider but if you get in there way it hits you.
10:45  She talked about bruno
26:14 Is that Chica with an angry birds head? Incredible!
Friday night funkin just updated yesterday and I hope you check out to see the found bits and the lost bits I'm so excited for that I'll subscribe if you do
I like to think why the ball is simpler than in the trailer is that someone accidentally deleted it and it got deleted
Wait still no pachi pachi?
it hink you can find the skim shady kirijes by the fish fishing
We don’t talk about bru no no no no we dont talk about brunoooo
BUT PLS KEEP MAKING CUPHEAD VIDS I NEED TO KNOW UNUSED IS BACK IN CUPHEAD PLSSSSS
Hoping there’s more unused content to be discovered soon. The Cuphead dlc is great
*P L A N T  B O I* he’s my favourite lol
Him: I'm sad sense this was not added The devs: my fingers are gonna break
P L A N T  B O I
6:00 it looks like New super Mario bros
Hey can you do a katamari forever or damacy lost bits?
Tetribit: "tower of power" Me: NO NOT THE MATH HOMEWORK ON THAT F###ING WEBSITE PLEASE NO
PLANT BOI
I actually got the "My name is what, my name is who" text in game lol, I posted it on Reddit earlier
1:22 wait. "NEW" unused content, but that boss was already in the game before the dlc? so is that unused bullet graphic actually NEW or just a video filler?
Because the jellybeans weren’t hard enough.
#plantboi
The thing I would've liked the most about the flowers is that I would actually remember which ones I've already fought with Ms. Chalice. Other than that, I think the tally marks are okay.
S  Q  U  I  D  W  A  R   D  T  O  S  T  E  R.
18:16 I'm understanding the Strange Green Weird world boss- a Boss or 'Bosses' like this guy may appear
Meatball was replaced by Sausage Cow; UFO was replaced by her by now Over-heating 'Cooker' Hoover that cooked her. At the same time...the UFO was also probably Phase 3- She dives into the Tin and seems 2 be more protected in their, but barely, like a Table Shield.
Carnical Kerfuffle.
Wait,if the stork's babies were reworked into the pawns,then would that mean you would've had to parry off the heads of baby storks?!🤢
Can you try to code betty beet and the peas back in
just realised the three way laser from last video is actually in game with the new dlc.
What do you think the next Cuphead game will be? What its called or what bosses there will be? What attacks what they have what name of the character and what boss fight name?
RIP Robo Squidward
4:54 P L A N T B O I
MDHR have never said the dlc was the final update, so yeah
Is no one gonna talk about 8:02? 💀
I'm just glad for the dlc to re add unused contents :)))
Captain Brineybeard level had another beta name which was Landlubber Trouble
10:53 hey I didnt do anything
Half of the dlc got cancelled I 2ish they make them into the game.
I'd say my theory for the UFOs in the Esther fight is that they were a reference to Roswell, NM because of the background highly resembling New Mexican landscape. Either that or it's just the ordinary abducting cows joke you mentioned, and the background is supposed to be a generic rocky desert
24:47 Hey, I was wondering how you made the debug menu level select working properly? Was it somewhere in the code that you had to tinker with? (This would be useful for speedrunners to warp to a boss and practice for a bit before starting an actual run)
The “Hi my name is -What? My name is who?” Just came it in my game, on xbox if you exit a match and go on the dashboard it appears as dialogue at the side of the screen
I just realized the first letter of delicious last course spells dlc
P L A N T B O I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA     Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk      The Dangers of Evolution https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QCkBL2DfVg       Gods Chisel Remastered
The jukebox in rum runners does look like scrapped boss The Light
Him: pronounes bishop as biship
We need online  cuphead mode
Can you do a video on tf2?
Make a video on Crash bandicoot 3 and 4, its been..I think over 3 or 4 years since you did a Crash video.
I thought it was two years
can you please find a sprite sheet of ms chalice (dlc version) please?
idk if anyone pointed this out yet, but when you're naming the boss names, you misspelled "HIgh Seas Hi-Jynx" as "High Sheas Hi-Jinx"
congrats 16 on trending
*swegway*  a segway, but with sweg
The uncontrolled, ungoverned use of thought and feeling has brought about all kinds of discord, sickness and distress. Few, however, believe this, and keep going on and on continually creating by their ungoverned thought and desire, chaos in their worlds; when they could as easily as a breath face about, using their thought constructively with the motive power of divine love, and build for themselves a perfect paradise within the period of two years.
Sorry I can’t like                 I already did!
The radish is possible to fight without mods
Moonshine mobs has most of the unused stuff like the dancing girl something Idk has the laser attack And the spider has a very similar design to the unused spider design.
I was surprised when you said the Grimm matchstick fireballs weren't coded right, that would make it easier
You should do a rayman origins/legends lost bits, i think that would be pretty cool
Me:PLANT BOI
Why no pachi pachi he was the most finished unused boss
6:20 what if this was meant to be used in the arcade, coin op bop section?
I need that background music in the intro
bro if esther winchester had ANYMORE phases I'd go ape
P l a n t b o i
Patchi patchi will come back, i am going to call it for now
Its time to STOP playing games with GOD - Revival Message / IsaiahSaldivar https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cklOJhg3YCg
PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI PLANTBOI
Just realized the Anteater in Moonshine Mob has 2 mouths
The Tower of Power sounds like a really cool concept! Having a random number of different bosses to fight in a sort of “boss rush” mode could give players a lot of replayability
9:06 says High Sheas instead of High Seas
Repent to Jesus Christ  “Teach me to do your will, for you are my God; may your good Spirit lead me on level ground.” ‭‭Psalms‬ ‭143:10‬ ‭NIV‬‬
9:48 I got the weird cat npc outside of Chef Saltbaker's bakery say "My name is what? my name is who?"  I was playing the dlc on xbox and opened the xbox menu while on cuphead's loading screen. Hadn't seen it again after that.
I heard decisive battle II from Octopath, very nice
Thank you for the video.
CONGRATS ON number nine
Join me on my 30 Day Challenge at 6’5 160 Pounds To Go From Skinny To A Beast. Beta To A Alpha
The background music in this video is great!
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates -🟥
16:18 GRANDDAD?
how you open the code? im intrested... if you change the code can you get into all this things?
Are you going to make a Sonic Origins Lost Bits video?
ok fazbear announcement bot you convinced me to play the new dlc
Could you please do a lost bits episode about Bugsnax? It’s one of my favorite games of all time but I don’t own a pc and I don’t know how to decompile files on a switch
22:06 I didn't even know she had more than one super- Everyone I've watched playing the dlc never really change her super
This is so fun !  Whoa !  https://youtu.be/6Xi8YdMbTKw
RIP Robo Squidward
I hope the arcade returns
I think the best part about this video is the fact that alot of what you found hints at Cuphead getting more updates or DLC, which is just so exciting...
How can I parry it it’s not pink
Guys u know what Bruno means?
It’s 8 on trending!
Ah yes P L A N T B O I V 2
https://youtu.be/ZYE1bZsfUXI
2:30 There is a Radish in the game. Just don’t shoot the Onion when they appear, and the radish will come out of the floor, and go back and forth across the entire stage during the carrot fight.
"We have come for your unused content!" "GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY GAME"
Do you know some bosses in the delicious last course and the cafe DLC they're actually unused and for the main game like that spider dude I still didn't get that game on my PlayStation 4
20 hours ago 100%!
Russian Communist "Democrats" made gas prices double and they're trying to force you to get a clot shot that will make you have a heart attack!  Vote Republican (but not for RINOs)!  THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION JUST MISSED IT'S OWN DEADLINE TO PLAN FUTURE OIL AND GAS LEASE SALES, WHICH MEANS PRICES WILL RISE EVEN HIGHER BECAUSE OF BIDEN.  There's a reason why Russia didn't invade Ukraine while Trump was President.  Also, Russia acquired American uranium and invaded Crimea under OBAMA.  You Communist Democrats are definitely Russian operatives and everybody knows it.....xbxnx
You all should totally support the Communist party (aka Democrats) who want to make pedophilia and post-birth abortions legal!  Here's the end goal of all of this: Maxine Waters just introduced a bill in the House of Representatives for "racial equity."  If the bill passes, the "government" will use it as justification to start seizing farmland from white farmers without compensation, and then that farmland will be sold to China.  It's the same thing that Mugabe did in Zimbabwe, and nobody benefitted from it except China and Mugabe himself; Africans got NOTHING out of it....xhxjx
Hey actually if you look in the die house (when king dice is there) you can actually see a board in the background with roman numerals  going from 1 to 5 on it. Since the cuphead Isles are in numerals then we might be getting a new isle (I don't know if the four in the board is inkwell hell or not since it has bosses in it But so has the bakery sooooo idk)
Red fish blue fish yellow fish green fish
🌿🌿🌿🌿Thanks! 🎵🎼🎹🎹💚💯❗🤗 .💋💋💋💋💋💞💞💞💞   My favorite channel💕😢,really!Thanks for the video.💋💋💋💋💋💞💞💞💞   🚀🚀🚀 Very nice video 👍👍🚀🚀🚀Very charming
*sigh* P L A N T B O I
You know you can still fight the BEAT by not shooting the onion
Any body realize he said frog instead of snake when he talked about ribby and croak's
What if the Tower of Power was what Coin-Op Bob was gonna be or could’ve been? With the whole continue thing and all. Maybe when you died it would zoom out to see Cuphead, Mugman, or both sitting at the arcade cabinet like the fan made images and they could be searching their pockets for tokens and if you chose to continue they would find one, put it in, and it would zoom back in.
I swear I actually encountered the phase at 1:46, I remember laughing at making a joke on how they just ran out of budget and being surprised at there being a third, I think it might have had something to do with Game Djimmi
we dont talk about bruno
P L A N T B O I
I don’t know much about Cuphead, but I know juicy content when I see it 👍🏼😎
that slim shady reference was amazing
P L A N T B O I
He Is The Leader Of The Bunch He's Finally Back To Kick Some Tail He's Peashooter Gun Can Fire In Spurts If He Shoot's Ya It's Gonna Hurt He's Bigger Faster And Stronger To (20:28)
16:18 The power of high quality rips is one that is rarely matched
I bet PETA is going to be really mad at studio MDHR for Esther’s third phase
What are the unused things that were in the game when the DLC and I’m not talking about the spider boss I’m talking about that the shot thing that isn’t the shotgun
since there’s more code added I think there’s a good chance Coin op bop will be added to the game as well as the tower of power and the exploder weapon since it was buffed for some reason
Here at 17 hours
one of the songs used in this video was from SilvaGunner, no?
It’s not plant boi, it’s flowey!
When I first watched this(instantly) there was no time stamps so I just watched anyway
AAAAA
1000th comment?
R.I.P  Pachinko
4:52 PLANT BOI
sadly, the like button isnt pink and only hackers could parry it.
Nice
We don’t talk about Bruno no no no,we don’t talk about Brunooooooooo
did you notice that you used siivagunner music?
Shhhh we don’t talk about Bruno
Test is the tutorial and pláne test is pane tutorial
maybe the king fight was reworked to now be the queen maybe its a stretch to say but look the fullscreen attack was reworked into the jularee attack and the beam into the parry tower or what ever its called...
RIP Robo Squidward
10:54   we dont talk about bruno!
We have come for the wonder tart
Yo tetrabitgaming have you ever considered doing a Lost bits episode in there Is no game: wrong dimension?
how do you parry the like button? its not pink
22:48 why is there a face in on the mountain🤨
Can you do Plants Vs Zombies? It's my favorite childhood game
You should do about crash twinsanity i bet you Will have over 500 videos about it
I highly doubt that there will be anymore content updates for this game, especially when the update is called the delicious LAST course. Don't get me wrong, more cuphead content would be pretty cool, but personally I'm pretty satisfied with what this dlc brings
wait your saying that the final phase on grim matchstick was hard on accident??
Or Bruno from encanto
RIP Robo Squidward
plantboi
The mario theme song is in the backround
Yea i love cuphead DLC dlc
WHY IS YOUR BACKGROUND MUSIC A SIIVAGUNNER RIP
The peas in the Root Pack fight were actually going to drop down from above, as written in the Art of Cuphead book.
...so what would eminem look like in 1930's style?
call porkrind P O R K B O I just like P L A N T B O I
I really hope they add pachinko in the game somehow, like how the secret phases work right now. Maybe even an exclusive boss to the tower of power if they add that in the future.
i think that it would be really cool if a game had an entire level or boss just hidden in random parts of the files and when people pieced them together it works
16:17 flintstone music
I wish they put them in.
too bad i cant make my like button pink
3:21 bro tf why u using chaser
Honestly the saddest scrapped thing for me is the blue fish, like it would’ve fit in really well if they had made the propeller things look sharp with little spikes, and if it spun a little faster.
Quiz Guess 20 Kimetsu No Yaiba Characters From The Hair (VERY EASY FOR KAIMETSU NO YAIBA FANS) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzbGdgzPhdw&ab_channel=KuroWolf
cool
16:18 Did you intentionally use a Siivagunner rip???
16:18 fleenstones?
The like button isn't pink so I can't parry it.
WE HAVE COME FOR YOUR WONDERTART
Although I’m a bit disappointed there wasn’t a king boss fight, it makes sense since in chess the king isn’t ever captured
That tower of power random boss rush sounds like something that could be added in a future update, it's pretty simple and won't use much that isn't already in the game apart from the tokens. So many cool ideas got cut out, I hope we get even more content that somehow utilizes those things that didnt make it in the dlc...yet
The flower items would be a cool quest collecting them for Cagey's garden
you cant parry the like button. its gray >:(
I could recognise the old unused boss from the dlc (it’s the same pattern as the jukebox)
They should have talked about how the spider boss used lights 3 bream attack.
💕
Instead of plant boy do Plant Man
😭
I ant to see a ten and gun, but it’s on a plane. That might never happen, but it would be cool.
I like how the bishop just... wiggles his body in the background when you fight him, it looks weird doe lol
Don't ask me why or how I see this but the positioning of images on the thumbnail looks like Cuphead is "princess carrying" Chalice. (If you don't know that term, think of Sonic 06's Elise levels since that's the only thing I can think of right now)           I can already tell shippers will find this comment.
In the debug menu, I think the test/flying test was for tutorial that is use for helping new players to learn the game
for the "hi, my name is what? my name is who?" that can still be seen sometime when loading into inkwell isle 1. It is on the bridge to the mausoleum that beating clip joint calamity unlocks.
10:56 I guess Captain Brineybeard full name is Bruno "Silver" Brineybeard.
9:47 Dr. Kahl: Hi, My name is- Cuphead: What? Dr. Kahi: My Name is- Mugman: Who?
"we don't talk about Bruno, no, no, no, no"
Love the Grand Dad music
How do you get to expert difficulty
3:37 so you tell me ive been suffering from a mistake
Coin Op Bop could be a really cool dlc or free update
Let's just hope they release an update soon to fix the glitch which prevents you from getting the coins from the cat dude...
The “judge” was likely a reference to a potential boss against the judge which in the epilogue sentences Chef Saltbaker to help out everyone on isle 4
Theres also another presumably playable character. Might be for a later DLC or just playtesting for a next game.
2:55 Pun VERY likely intended
Poor pachinko…. Rip robo villager boi
Ye
God, those jumping jelly beans look awful. That fight's already a pain in the ass as is.
" tower of power " Me: wtf is Zearn doing here
Hey I was wondering if you can do Lost bits on dark exception because there’s a lot of unused concert in this game
Lutz is pronounced loots
4:53 That brings me memories xD ♥️
Plant Boi for Life! I love how his theme got into Smash!
WE DONT TALK ABOUT BRUUUUNNNNOOOOOOO    AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
"#21 on trending for gaming" you really "Put On a Show" there!
the gnome leader looks like a character from swing you sinners, i believe the house with two heads coming out of it
#plantboi
PLANT BOI
18:30 GRAND DAD! FLINSTONES?!
Sorry to be a pessimist but I feel like Snake was added because they tried to work on Lunar Williams for the DLC but couldn't get it to work and decided it wasn't worth it
I am one of your biggest fan
🂡🂡🂡🂡🂡 look i parried so hard i got a super
This gives me hope for an update similar to the one which added playing as Mugman by himself and the secret phases, just some extra stuff thrown in
I think the arcade was deleted because the game is set in the 1920's.
ANGRY MUGMAN
How do you get debug mode link?
1:11 that’s why chalice said jumping jellybeans
Poor toaster squidward
DLC is short for delicious last course
How Can I Parry A Like Button Its Not Even Pink
Ryan’s keister.
With the remake or whatever of Klonoa being out, would you consider doing a Lost Bits of the originals?
16:16 Surprise 7 Grand Dad
Maybe the the flying_test level was intended for the flying aces boss maybe an early version of it?
R.I.P pachinko/robo squidward
God I hope the tower of power thing returns to the game. It'd be sooo cool for speedruns!
Tbh Ms. Chalice is the most cutest character when you play as her
20:57 they also nerfed it so I don’t think anyone should be counting on this
I cant believe they took out robo-squidward :( Rip robo-squidward
I wish we could've  fought  the king but I guess  it's more accurate to chess because  you never take out the king the goal is to checkmate him and the king is really  weak and the cuphead  king we have  no reason  to fight him
you know the scraped devil things well i think the gold one was supposed to have a stick that when parried it would get launched back getting rid of the slot machine mode
What music did you use for this video?
15:57 the tower of power sounds more like something that is not finished yet more than something actually unused or abandoned
16:18 I hear 7 Grand Dad in the background music. Did you actually put a SiIvagunner rip in your video?
Tower of power seems so cool
Anyone else notice That The delicious last course as an acronym is  DLC
For TetraBitGaming, I'M BACK TO BEING A MEMBER!
TetraBitgameing said Bruno we don't talk about Bruno
How you got the debug menu workin?
ryans kiester
We need Pachi-Pachi in a update. I love the little fellow.
I think they are making a update for people who cant buy the dlc
directional dash wpuld basicaly make the cuphead and mug man better than miss chalice because they would be able to dash up after a jump and parry a pink object under them giving them a even more quicker even more op than miss chalce
Hey Tetra, something tells me you didn’t check the song you played while talking about the Tower of Power at around 16:20.
Him:parry the like button Me:it's not pink
They patched the mugman army glith by making a card appear stopping the gameplay for a couple seconds
UwU
In the dlc they added the flying gentleman
i wonder if the dlc will have a dlc. then that dlc have a dlc then have a dlc. then the dlc dlc dlc would have a dlc. hen that would have a dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc and that would have a dlc. and that dlc would have a dlc dlc dlc and that one have a dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc and that dlc have a dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc. and that dlc have a dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc and that dlc have a dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc. it would be cool.
You know how there are some unused shooting types for cuphead well I think when the coffee was being made and said it gave You a extra blaster it could have been one of those
Imagine playing celeste in cuphead with the directional dash
I’d say ester cause the water fight looked fun. And it did end up being really fun till it took a dark turn :/
R. I. P. Pachinko, he was shy and will be missed!!!
The 8 bit Block might be from the Scrapped arcade level
RIP Robo Squidward  really enjoyable video, I liked it personally.
RIP Robo Squidward, fly high :((
A book named “The Art of Cuphead” is official by the creators. It has info of unused content.
Do you know why the king won’t be on the battle field? Cuz he sucks at everything in chess , movement ,movement , and MoVeMeNT(lol) even pawn is better cuz it can turn into everything after some condition
Wow.  This is awesome.  So interesting to see all the unused mechanics and graphics.
RIP Robo Squidward
the boss rush sounded really fun and I wish they put it in the game hopefully in a later update
24:17  the fact that the dogfight flower doesnt look like a poppy is extremely dissapointing to me
Ms Chalices shield pal super could be the old shield charm reworked to be a super
Rest in peace pachinko You will be remembered as the most complete un-used boss
Do venge
I bet the devil flower smells like tortured souls,and fire love the video =)
I'd say my theory for the UFOs in the Esther fight is that they were a reference to Roswell, NM because of the background highly resembling New Mexican landscape. Either that or it's just the ordinary abducting cows joke you mentioned, and the background is supposed to be a generic rocky desert
I can't parry the like button it's not pink lol
That Tower of Power should definitely be added in a future update.
Tower of power and lunar williams/retro arcade sounds interesting, if these get updated back in for sure this will bring me to buy cuphead and last course, since I don’t have em yet
Since theres alot of unused characters for The Root Pack, what if every time you entered the fight the order between 3 of them randomized?
RIP Robo Squidward
Missed opportunity for them to call the unused Cagney Flower "Flower_Flower"
23:01 can someone explain to me what that is?
I can't wait for an hour-long found bits video should coin-op bop release, about the history of it and how it differs from the old lines found in the code
I can't parry the like button its not pink
o7 to Pachi-Pachi, Card, and the majority of the bosses that aren't coded in the game
rip robo squidward
Do the classic battlefront games
The whole slot machine stuff sounds like a f2p monetization thing they maybe tried adding (so instead of $8 the dlc would be free but having Gacha like monetization stuff )
Sheesh
P L A N T B O I IS BACK BABY
Test is the tutorial and the flying test is the flying tutorial
Maybe that pea shooter thing in the shop was how you could've got the potion instead of elder kettle giving it to you? And maybe he'd instead give you 3 coins
No chapters
I really hope they add something like Tower of Power, it just gets annoying walking to each boss.
I realized that DLC stands for Delicious Last Course!!!
I’d like to think the original idea for the golden platform for the frogs was a parryable pink flame.
I THIUGH IT WAS RELEASED WAY BACK!!!
YOU LIED NO TIMESTAMPS pain
You should rank the dlc bosses
RIP Robo Squidward
16:19 GRAND DAD?!
You’ve made me more excited for the potential return of Coin op Bop
Wait but how much damage does a idk peashooter do?
The radish boss in the Root Gang battle was brought back into the game. (It seems he is in the Nintendo Switch version, I am not sure about other ports) To see him, you have not to shoot Onion.
Wolrd
Rip jelly the octopus and pachinko. gone, but never forgotten.
Rip robot squidward
16:18 SiIvaGunner, is that you?
I think it would be pretty funny if they added the King boss battle, but made it more of a joke battle? Like, the King is arguably the weakest piece in chess because, while you could argue that pawns are weaker, a pawn can become a more powerful piece if it reaches the end of the board. So I think it would be funny if the King Boss Battle only had 1 HP, and you could defeat him in like, 5 seconds. Otherwise, if the boss battle had to be serious, I still think sticking with only giving him 1 HP would work, but just make it super difficult to land that hit, referencing how well protected king pieces are, and how hard they can be to actually take out
5:42 bookmark
I love your videos
Fleentstons at 16:18
a boss rush mode would be very sweet
next update prob  4 years later: the arcade appears
hey its cool i am kinda early whit comments
R.I.P Robo Squidward
16:18 is this Siivagunner music?
aahhhhhhh
Can you still access the unused bosses using the legacy version ?
Nice
In my opinion it’s chef Saltbaker
Rip robo squidward
Rip Robo Squidward, Clink Clang, Looks Like His Bell Has Rang.
2:42 actually beetrice is in the boss battle, in the second phase you try to kill the onion but the onion does not want to fight so if you dont hit it goes away,then you move to the the third phase the carrot boss but its teaming with beetrice but it only spins around and it its in 1.2 version
A scrapped directional airdash?  You are telling me I could have wavedashed as Mugman!?
Cuphead the delicious lost course.
I still want Jelly the Octopus in the game. He looks too cute to leave out! Maybe in a sequel?
RIP Robo Squidward - it's a shame he didn't get added, as well as Coin-Op Bop. Would've been nice to have a R&G level in the DLC.
Miss you Pachinko!
P L A N T B O I   2.0
15:14 I kind of actually like that they didn’t have the king fight because in chess, the way you win is to checkmate the king since its technically the highest power (though its not actually the most useful one in attacks, Id say the Queen is the most powerful) since it kind of gives the notion that although they’re called the king, they arent very powerful or strong in attacks
20:29 HE'S THE FIRST MEMBER, OF THE DK CREW
what video timeline?
HERMERNERMER SHLIMSHLOM BINOKAL
The "Tower of Power" kinda was reworked into the cursed charm quest.
Rip robo squidward
Btw lost bit hurry up song in the playlist
What’s that flintstones mario song he uses?
20:13
Considering that the other slot machine choices are references to Street Fighter II bosses (tiger for Sagat, bull for both the Boxer and Dictator flavors of M. Bison, and snake for Vega/Claw), it would make sense for a demon to represent Akuma on Expert difficulty (as Akuma is Japanese for "devil")
16:19 hidden flinstones theme in background music
Much like Devil and Dice, Chef Saltbaker's fight is not able to be accessed in Simple Mode in normal gameplay. I kinda wanna see if it's possible to load Saltbaker in Simple, and see what would've been different (if it would work, that is)
I shearched for You doing Lost bits
Hey I think I found a new Cuphead glitch
good news that devs are newly buffing and nerfing content that didn`t even get used, i wonder how many devs do that
Could you do an easiest to hardest ranking of every boss in cuphead, minibosses included?
1:12
I have noticed an interesting piece of "found bits" I've seen no one talk about.   The assets of phase 2 of the Devil are labeled as phase 3 in the code, assets for phase 3 are phase 4, etc. Obviously, the "real" phase 2 of the Devil was scrapped. (Important note: Demon bat is NOT that phase. Proven by the code, that was a completely different boss fight.) There was also found what is presumed to be an image of that phase. The Devil is seen standing a little farther away from the screen than in the in-game phase 2, with his hands drawn out like he is holding something.   Now, let's look at the secret Angel and Demon boss fight from the DLC. In the background stands the skeleton of the devil, just like in that image. And if you look closely, the platform cuphead stands on in this fight is actualy held by the skeleton hands of the devil, in the same fashion as in that image! Also, the music that plays in this fight is a remix of music that plays in phase 1 of the Devil fight.  Unfortunaly, I can't link the image. If I do, youtube will delete my comment. I think searching "Cuphead unused animations" or something like that should videos with this image. It's probably on the wiki, too.  Edit: Yep, it is on the wiki. The image is titled "Unused 2nd phase intro sprite".
I think that the coffee was going to be a 5 card super like the ones that are aquired from the ghost levels
Early!!
New lost bits?
I’m the one who asked for this
The blue fish from Cala Maria without mods and istsomething I got and it surprised me hard.
You can grind in circles by walking in a very tight circle and djimi will appear giving u more hp
Nooooooooooo Robo Squid
The heads might be the first looks of all the attacks
Lol
S
Wait I have an extensions that customizes my like buttons and the dislike is pink- I'm sorry tetra I have to get the parry though
Since there is no time stamp: 0:00 - 11:24 Cuphead Regular. 11:25 - 26:46 Cuphead DLC.
i find it funny how thers still videos on a dead game
Rip robo squidward  They did my boy dirty in this game
Man i wanna see that Tower of Power
I love Cuphead =)
This is so strange, I swear that the devil in Robby and croaks was a thing. If you were to ask me I would say it exists and gives you all of the other things
The one that looks like beppy the clown's circus
I wish they Could bring the airship boss music back
Confounded Circus might have been the work in progress circus
RIP Robo Squidward, you shall be missed
The like button ain’t pink nor am I cuphead or mugman so sad I couldn’t be Miss chalice because I aint a girl and wasnt born/chosen in the cuphead universe😭😭😭😭😭😭
18:29, what a grand soundtrack making a return.
please do a touhou game
RIP Robo Squidward
sfx_worldmap_hint_arcade might be a sound you would hear when standing next to the Arcade Level in the World Map?
Look at 10:49 it's Bruno it looks like they didn't want anyone to talk about him
*_P L A N T B O I_*
RIP Robo Squidward
YAY
if they did add new shots or charms they should bring back coin op bop so if you win a level you could get something in return like tickets to trade in for a new shot or charm.
I know your channel name these nuts in your mouth and these are these nothing else and they is I need something else and the other hdhddgddggdd
Ryan's Keister is OP! No wonder it costs 10 coins.
Rip robot boi
Amazing job you did on finding all of it and understanding how it would looks like and show this to us. This seems like very difficult thing to do!
the only attack for the pea boss that i would think make sense its where  they will be fired in a lobbing motion
10:47 I guess they didn't want her to talk about Bruno
Tetra bit gaming look at Applebee's 2 💯% real #applebees #deez_nuts#+-+
I hope they do make another DLC I would love that
Oh man I’d love to see the tower of power
F in the chat to pay respects to robo-squidward
4:53  Thank me later
Tetra if u pin idk I'm no wizard
Grim match stick was a pain in the butt even in simple mode 4:54 my favorite part
This is cool
We DoNt TaLk AbOuT bRuNo
"there should be time stamps" me :checks if there are time stamps: also me :breaks keyboard:
We don't talk about Bruno no no no 10:49              Thank me later
The queen. It’s so fun
4:04 that is Mattsun from blockman go??
WE HAVE COME FOR YOUR LOST BITS!   GET THE HECK OUT OF MY GAME!!!
Hopefully if coin op bop is added pachi pachi will
Nice
The entire time when you talk about the Tower Of Power all I can think of is wHAT IS HIP-
I had just finished watching your cuphead video from 2018 for the first time and this video drops. What a coincidence
When the blue heart dabbing 6:55
I wasn’t expecting to hear The Flintstones theme in the background is of this video, but Grand Dad always finds a way
Rip Robo Squidward!
“Coughing” *p l a n t b o i*
After going into web design for work experience, even the sight of JavaScript shook me.
R.I.P. Robo squidward. I hope we see him again soon.
So what I'm hearing is a new cuphead ranked bosses video?
I realized that the light fight looks like the dancing bug fight with the gang
you sure are up.
312
A new Cuphead video? I’m all ears!
10:57 maybe it was thinking of the divine relic? l defeat bruno with EVERYthing"
Rip robot squidward
I just found an op glitch. On the saltbaker boss, equip the astral cookie then fight him. Then die, and equip another charm. You'll still become Chalice but also use the charm that you equipped
#DeliciousLastCourse #Cuphead #Chalice
The Tower of Power would be really cool, but based on interviews with Studio MDHR since the release of the DLC, it sounds like there won't be any more Cuphead content, at least not for a long time. :(  RIP Robo Squidward
RIP Robo-Squidward
Plant boi is back
10:53 we don't talk about Bruno no no no we don't talk about Bruno
Woohoo party
this is the most early i been to a lost bits
RIP Robo Squidward [And Yes I’m saying that because of the description]
Im not sure if anyone commented this, or if he already knows. but the Beet is still in the game, if you don't attack the onion in the root pack boss, he will appear along side the carrot.
what time stamps?
Next time you make a cuphead video you should say perry that subscribe button It's red after all.
Hi
Think that lever is maybe a reference to his scepter?
5:00 Say, wasn’t that reworked because I saw a police ant that will directly shoot pesticides at the Spider and it does deal damage the spider too right? In Bootlegger Boogie.
Cagney or P L A N T B O I made me rage the most
Tetra, the radish guy IS accualy used just don't attack the onion guy
Hey I was wondering did they get rid of any sprites?
I think someone should make art for the coin op bop levels
I think the tower of power was supposed to be a reworked version of coin op bop
RIP Robo Squidward
Man I hate how they removed most unused things from the files like robo squidward but at least they added the tower of power code
Awesome video!
Fun Fact: In the Translator's notes, it states that the Spider and the Bug Lady from the Moonshine mob are married, the more you know...
The blue flower thing, what a man
Nice work tetrabit good job on getting half a mill subs
I’m sure we could get more dlc or a sequel in the future to add the cut content or even have boss appear in the cuphead show
1:00 You forgor to put timelines
The "Confounded Circus" could also be an early name for the arcade, Coin Op Bob, or maybe another game planned to be in the arcade. But idk
IM IN THE 20K
.
Parry the sub it's red and pink is kinda like red
Liking the runescape tunes.
Love u cuphead vids thanks
Beep book vop
1,8k
do the trailers
I think the old coffee made the plant ennemies help the player and that’s what the old blue flower thing helped the player thus why the coffee says it’s for people who are environmental and why the blue flower helps the player
bruno buccirati
Hello flying gentlemen
16:12  Grand dad Flintstones!?
Personally, I think it's appropriate that the King doesn't have his own boss fight, as he is technically the weakest piece in chess. The Queen was definitely the best possible pick for the final boss here.
This is interesting Because I would like to see some of the unused stuff in the game, Also i would lobe to fight the king at the end of the gauntlet, I would also like the tower of power boss rush mode to be in the game because it can provide a  challenge.
If I remember correctly, the Slot Machine attack is based on Street Fighter, with Snakes (Vega?), Bulls (M.Bison) and tigers (Sagat) respectively. If the last one was meant to be in the game, maybe it was supposed to be a reference to Akuma due to Akuma meaning “Devil” in Japanese.    Then again it’s probably a stretch on my part 🤷‍♂️
Since the dlc is out can you make a part 2 to the Cuphead best to worst bosses pls 🙂
RIP Robo Squidward
Jareed!
RIP Robo Squidward
In 2018, when I was 11 (yep, I was 11) , I tried to send Studio MDHR a concept for a DLC boss simply named "Fire Girl" , it would've had 3 phases, in each of those phases, you would've had to dodge her *flames* . When I tried sending the second phase, it didn't come through (for whatever reason)
I wonder if the old theme music is still kicking around in the game somewhere?
Robo Squidward will always remain in our hearts.
You did wii sports, then wii sports resort, Now, how about nintendo switch sports? Maybe after the golf update/dlc?
Gottem, Siivagunner strikes again. The song starting around 15:15 takes a while loop to get to the jokes, but then has many other melodies like the Flinstones theme song and the opening to Blend S
Rest in Pachinko, Robo Squidward, you will always be the most iconic unused Cuphead boss in our hearts
Some things he didnt mention:  -You can still access the arc and exploder weapon in the debug menu -The exploder's sprite was changed to bullets, similar to the ones shot from the little minions in the hilda berg fight.
can you please do lost bits on the hatsune miku project diva games?
There are no timestamps in the video
Your awesome for this cuphead content and it’s probably the moonshine mob
3:49 Snakes
Can You Please do a Hollow Knight Lost bits
8:57 - 9:03 Ah yes, "Carnical Kerfuffle" & "High Sheas Hi-Jinx!"
Yay
At least Pachi-Pachi was repurposed though, with the final Mortimer Freeze eye attack. Notice the colors and attack itself.
Is that Siivagunner music in the background
Werner Werman has an unused Rocket Attack
Joined in 1 day pass, sign here! <reply>
Tetra please do a fire emblem lost bits. Btw your merch is very comfy!  😎 👕 👍
RIP robo squidward
Hey I'm her early! Cool
2022
Good video
I wonder if the “Meatball” thing is some kind of inside joke! 😂
174th
would've been cool if he made the intro the parry sounds and the final one was the full super meter parry sound
ok!
Who else thinks the king is supposed to be card?
Bro the Unused attack the frogs use is a reference to Akuma. Since the animals already reference Vega (Snake), Balrog (Bull), and Sagat (Tiger) it wouldnt be a far stretch to see that the demon is meant for Street Fighters own demon Akuma
Those aren't frogs on the slot machine, those are snakes.
do the spongebob movie game next
cant believe i got SiIvagunner'd in this episode
rip robo squidward, he will be missed
*"He's Bigger Faster And Stronger Too!"*
So thats what the robot was for
Yes
The whole fight in Clipjoint Calamity is a bunch of references to Street Fighter. The three you see - _Snake,_ Tiger, and Bull - are supposed to represent Vega, Sagat, and M. Bison respectively (in the English version, anyway). The devil is likely supposed to be Akuma. Ribby and Croaks themselves are based on Ryu and Ken.  Edit: I had them out of order anyway, I am dumb. Edit 2: my fixing the names apparently didn't save?
R.I.P Robo Squidward. Also great video man! Keep it up!
Im happy to be early.
Uh oh, where's the timestamps!?!?!?!? (Not that I need it lol)
AMGINGS
Imagine if the tower of power and coin op bop is added in a small update called "Room for dessert".
We don’t talk about bruno
the like button isnt parry-able tho
When the
Man, Mugman is 100% the Luigi to Cuphead’s Mario. He can’t catch a break.
How did you know this
Great video!
Im the first one to see 124 comments
So basically those glass fireballs grim shoots in his third phase we’re supposed to be easier
We don't talk about what happened to Bruno in the development phase
It’s so nice to listen to tetrabit finally talk about the delicious last course after 4 years and give us some new lost bits. LOL
When’s the Mario 64 lost bits
I think the Ribby and Croaks unused attack (The golden parry one) was meant to be like a flame geyser which you can only dodge by parrying the flames to go over it
YES PLANT BOI IS BACK
Crk lost bits do please i want now
i think the "devil" thing in the ribby and croaks fight was it would spin on the ground and shoot a pink laser that you have to parry to get passed it and it would cover half of the screen (parry or smoke dash) to get thru it
Goated content by Tetra
Hi Tetra I'm a big fan!
E
I Made A New Short :) By #I'mThatCoolGuy
I think this is actually the earliest I've ever been to a lost bits video
Ok nvm i wasnt first
4:55 P L A N T B O I
nice
Moonshine mob and doggon dogfight
26 minutes of Cuphead lost bits?! Hell yeah!!
General: 0:05 Intro 0:45 Pre-DLC Unused Content 11:25 DLC Unused Content 25:55 Outro  Advanced: 1:00 Unused Boss Attacks/Phases 5:30 Unused Graphics 8:40 Old Stage names 9:37 Unused Text strings 10:25 Unused NPC Mechanics 12:00 Unused Boss Phases (DLC) 13:46 The Kings Leap 15:52 Tower of Power 17:33 Coin-Op Bop/Arcade 19:41 Unused Weapons/Charms 22:12 Unused NPCs (DLC) 23:12 Unused Graphics (DLC) 24:31 Debug Menu  Goodbye! Also see ya in a bit or more.  Edit: This is bassicly useless now. Well atleast there chapters now!
Hord wörk
Claim your here within 5 minute tickets
Your are a great man Tetra, your the man who introduced me to cut content in games, thanks man, S N O W B O I
2 min club les go
Multiple lost AND found content for one game…  things have gotten out of hand…
bruh no time stamps
I think the jumping jellybeans would make the battle with the minions too hard. Same with the pillar projectiles.
I still love seeing once unused content now used in videogames
The Moonshine Mob is the best boss.It had the MOST unused content in the SAME LEVEL 🤯  Change my mind
Cool
69 comments nice
I'd really like to see pachi pachi in the actual game
This is amazing keep it up
Hi
A minute ago less gooo
It’s always good when we get a new lost bits
I'm your biggest fan 🙂
We need more DLC
1st comment???? 8th viewer?????
i've never been this early
yooo
Cuphead is a very *SPECIAL* game as you can see!
Hi
Clicked this fast af. Wont have enough time to watch as of this comment, but will watch Later and update with thoughts!
Cool
sweet!
3rd  bruh what i was 3rd
Cool
First.
E
First  tho i dont rlly care but cool vid
5th viewer
First
First
Awesome video man, keep it up!
Cuphead DLC lost bits let's gooo!
2nd comment!
Second coment
i was hoping you would upload today!
Wow
Evenin' lads
yay
Boi ox
Hi
Firstborn
Hi
Hi
YES IVE BEE  WAITINGGGGG
2nd
Hi
Best new boss in the DLC??
