SCAM ALERT. Some dirtbag going by Chris Gums set up a spoof email buyhooviesCARS (instead of CAR) and collected a $2000 deposit on my 348 through Zelle. I would not take such large deposits, and don’t use Zelle. Do not fall for it!
I’d rock the 355 but really need the white lambo that fits can’t spell
If my kid comes for the M3, please don’t sell it.  😂
Wizard just realized he’ll have to close his shop
these cars were sold in 1990
tanks
andrea dovizioso moto gp
jordin ziff
I hate to have that many cars. I'd like to have three; Porsche 911, a pick up truck and a Range Rover 110.
Is the Tesla still for sale 🧐
Because you said it
I'm selling everything, please don't buy it
did you make some profit ? that'd be so cool
I'm still a little shocked he let go of the Countach, I'm sure it sold in like 30 seconds.
Please make a sticker that says " It's A Hooptie" I want to put one on my car.
Hoovie should learn to pronounce EuroNation Bob.  Maybe it's that he talks too fast. But it sounds like uri,,,,,, nevermind.
Tyler. If you haven't sold the Pimp my Ride van. Please shoot me an email. I'd like a moment of your time. I'd love to own it but I'm broke. I'd be willing to work something out if you'd be willing to accept channel shilling. My channel will keep getting bigger but now as a little guy it is still small. I am working on a where are they now follow up series on the cars of Pimp my Ride. I have another small youtuber working with me and we have found 6 owners who still have their car thus far. One is my wife. I love my 90's Chrysler products, still have my 99 neon after 22 years. I would cherish it.  My info is my user name at the G male.  Thanks for your time. I'm over in Tennessee and would come over to you if you are willing.
Did you do any episode on your nice CR Elsinores lurking in the back yet? If not please do one asap.
??? why so expensive?
Your wife hates you. You gotta be in Texas?
Reminds me of when I sold my film camera collection..  had 64. Still have 4 of em.
That countach is ingraved in my brain because my dad has this car on a poster on a wallframe all his life lol.
Uuu baby one day i will buy that 2000 H1 hummer straight off your hands 🤩🤩
NOT THE STANGGGG
Great prices, I would love the frog eyes haha
Hoovie: "I'm selling all my cars... Also Hoovie, "Please don't buy it"
I want the Ferrari 348.
I love how he says please don’t buy this after every car 😂😂😂
Where's the Prowler?
my boy, use some of the money for a better mic
Do a video of the e63!
I love cars and I even enjoy working on them even though I'm know where near a certified mechanic, but my dad taught me a lot about cars when I was young and I have always fixed my cars myself usually through the help of YouTube videos or just figuring it out on my own. Your car collection is awesome and I hope to one day have a project car or truck to fix up and take care of but money is tight at the moment. Also I've never owned a vehicle with a manual transmission but I always wanted to maybe one day. Fantastic videos man absolutely love your content.
Can you post to Australia? I want the maybach
The guy really took the COVID price bump to heart 🙄, most of those prices are...optimistic.
He kinda sounds like Jeff goldblum
Oh wait you said please don’t buy them ok I wont
I’ll take them all I have cash
That boy Hoovie 🗣️ TAXING on some of those old beaters... SHEEESH
15K for a 05 Cadillac Escalade... SHEESH 😬
I got a 750li 2007 with 40k miles if u want Hoovie
I love urination Bob
Hoovie is the man!
I want the Lebaron he buried!
i mean sell em all you can completely refresh and even buy some back
What Hoovie is really saying: Help me my tax bill is to high.
I bet some aspiring rapper will buy that Maybach for one of his videos. 😉🤣
Tyler have you and Doug upset the YouTube gods?  I ask, because I have to look for you both. Normally you just show up,  but not now.
Wait I'll take them all
I'll give you $50 buck's for that white one but you will need a $4,000 dollar deposit to release the fund's  C'mon I'm trustworthy lol
*elsewhere
You should adjust the price depending if buyers plan to actually drive them. Cars need to be driven.
If i was in the us i would buy the 348
Hang on...  Let me pull my silver spoon outta my arse 😂🤣
He has 2 million dollars worth of cars but he's willing to sell out his childhood for 1 lol
Damn, I’m not big on the 64-66 Mustangs, but 48k for the coyote swap seems very reasonable.
Perfect timing lol
What happened to the Prowler?
selling to get cash before the market crashes?
Damn!!! Boy if i could swing it and hoovie would take it I’d love to have that ws6 for 10k ! My wife would kill me but oh well! 🤣🤦‍♂️🤣🤦‍♂️
I can't watch this!
Okay I def do not want to have that many cars. My limit should be 15. 15 Cars 1 Boat and 1 RV. That is it. I could not possibly keep track of all these over that number. 40 is just a sign of sickness. 15 Cars that have value and some interesting backgrounds.
I did the math and all together it’s $3,413,500 😂😂😂 jeez man that’s a lot invested in everything
Bad hoovie
i am selling my 2005 trailblazer and my 2007 cobalt they are worth blah blah blah that's my whole fleet any offers?
I don't see how YouTubers make so much for doing so little.  I pay no attention to the ads and would never buy anything from any sponsor if I didn't already need or want it.  Maybe there are a ton of suckers out there who do, I guess.  I'm glad I don't know any of them!
buy a supra
I guess Hoovie owes alot of coke money
He is old money…… makes sense…
HOARDERS CAR EDITION …
My dad owned an Austin Healy Sprite!!!
FLAT TIRE ON THE MUSTANG - SELL SELL SELL - NEGLECTED!!!!!!!!
Car dealerships have WAY more than 40 cars!!!
For someone who knows the car game and even acquired your fame from repairing co-part salvaged vehicles. You KNOW DAMN WELL YOU AINT SELLIN HALF THOSE CARS FOR THEM PRICES especially with salvaged titles and high mileage! unfollow BIG SCAMMER
No one better offer you 1 million for your grandmas SL
2001 Bentley Azure with 68K Miles for $50K? Sounds like 30 to me
What about the LeBaron you buried? 🤣
interested in talking about the 01' 740 if you fixed the issues....
I wonder if he registers these all as. "Planned Non-Operation" otherwise registration would be killer
Ever heard of catching the market at its peak?   That what it smells like.
I love u bro but ull never get what uve put into it.. not how it works..lol
Gahhh! I wish I had some more money to spend lol!
You will regret selling that vett.
What happen to the manual lexus es300
No doug auction no reserve
I kept saying oh wow that’s a good price I’ll send an email for almost every car. Then I remember it in Canada and it’s way more money cause it’s in usd
Drinking game. Take a shot every time he says “don’t buy it”
The blue Mercedes 😍😍😍
With the chip shortages and all, it's a seller's market.
Scam alert hoovie isn't selling all his cars, he os just doing this as click bait.
man i miss my ext, i had a beautiful black ext, rotted away tho, what a shame  i bought an esv platinum to replace it, but it's not the same
Next on hoovies, why electric vehicles are BS
Don't buy it. Don't buy it. Please Don't buy it. LOL
Which CarTrek was the tesla in?
I thought you would sell all your 40 cars on cars and bids.
god I want that ws6
HE DOESNT OWN 40 CARS THEY ARE REPLICAS AND SCAM DEALS
What happened to the Brick with a Stick Volvo 760?
There is a place in Columbus, OH that does a K20 swapped Fiat X1/9. It looks disgusting and I love it. Would love to see you add one to the fleet and review.
I’m actually interested in the 1997 m3
Every one is after that Chiron...SAD:-)
Weezard slashes his wrists....
a short version of this video: "i'm selling all my 40 cars, but please don't buy them i want to keep them."
I see a couple vehicles I’ve been looking for for a few months I knew you had them but now you have them for sale in good shape and a great price you the man Hoovie. Looks like I’ll be making a trip as soon as you email me back lol.
YOU, Richard Hammond, and Tavaris have all announced selling off a large percentage of your individual dream car collections in the past week. i guess when viewership pays for your cars you eventually have to thin the herd or purchase a museum to show and store them. And I guess you can't keep making content on the same cars. Youtube burnout and the search for fresh content can be a bitch.
Taverish, Ed Bolian and now Hoovie all selling ALL of their cars? I smell CarTreck!
I would consider the rat-rod 911 if the motor was installed and proven.
ug i want that jeep but i cant afford anything on here
Market for used classic cars just collapsed this week due to a tsunami of cars flooding the market.  😆
And they are ALL sorted out by The Wizzard or The Ninja. These cars are good buys 😄
😂😂😂😂
Man... If only I can afford the Mustang or the Z8!
the Z... 6k
basically everything is 50-300% overpriced. and then he says grandma gave him the sl as his first car and it all slid into place
Donate the jimmy to Matt’s off road recovery
Damn, I want the Cobra R and the 65 Stang!!
and the bentley asshole
why in the fuck would you sell your lamborghini countach
@hooviesgarage wanna trade a 2004 be R32 for something?
Hoovie your car collection is priced at a total of $2,413,500 lol. i wish i could afford that because id buy your entire car collection lol. I can only imagine how difficult it is to let them all go.
The ninja is Albanian whhhhhaaaaattt
nice pieces great prices
He sighs and follows the price please don’t buy it.
Outta hand.😲
No time for anything because I'm busy making long dragged out video's
The hooptie fleet is $3,325,000 total asking price
Interesting decision to sell the entite collection while in the used car bubble, combined with the bad acting while pricing the cars, one could say this is actually a well thought, financially wise decision.
Your first car don't even give it a price you're so going to regret it sometime I probably shouldn't be giving this advice for someone that hasn't even owned a car yet but I wouldn't recommend selling it
Lol here’s the price…but don’t buy it..
Cars & Bids?
Hoovie with Christmas around the Corner that z3 would be my favorite. If you happen to decide to donated Remember im a fan.
I was wondering if you ever get people that try to tell you that they have a car too and it is better than yours. "I know all about doughs caws.I got a lambagheny diablobo berlineta boxer 959"!
WTF is Wizard supposed to do now ?
Buy cheap sell for obscenely high profit lol
A matter of time and the FBI/DEA will be coming.
Oddly enough out of all them rides that Suzuki Jimny is by far the coolest and most interesting...cool rare ride in the US... always like samurai's ect
I'm sure they had a Ahuasca ceremony and got to the conclusion to sell of cars.
Aww, I was hoping that you still had your Imperial.
That grand cherokee is beautiful
selling at the top, smart move.
Are these pricing listed in Canadian dollars? lol
Hope you bid high on that Bugatti.
Amazing how out of 40 cars, genuinely the only car of interest is a Frogeye Sprite. You can keep the rest.
I will buy them all, if you throw in the house.
The question posed to all of us enthusiasts: will the decline of cars mean a future inflation due to rarity, or will it just decline quietly like Conestoga Wagons and top hats??
1985 Mercedes 500SL euro, 130k mi, my first car $1million...wtf!
Everyone wants lifted 4x4 Suburban’s now.
$15000 maybe 10 years ago that thing is worth $5000 tops and that's being generous that has the air bags  leak whenever it gets cold notorious air suspension escalades and navigators of those years. Typical used car dealer tactics mint condition just needs minor work let me go talk to my manager to get you the best price. I would run from all these cars unless you're very mechanically inclined  like wizard.  Wizard should give a non biased run down on all the cars and how much extra money its going to mantain these used project cars to keep them street worthy
Some one get stradman for the countach!!!
Not the Diablo.  Tell me the Diablo is staying.
yeah yeah cars are cool...but you have a HANGER WITH A CONDO BUILT INTO IT??? This is life goals.
What about the Volvo?
Not familiar with pricing on most, but the ones I am, sounds like for sale but don't want to sale lol.
That totals up to 2,413,500 $ without taking in account his grand mothers mercedes for 1,000,000$
Small point if you have 40 cars now; and I'm assuming you are alive so still living, in the current part of your "entire life thus far," ergo having those cars means that is the current maximum. Therefore it is not "more cars than you have had in your *entire life;"* I know it's a little pedantic but well that's just me.
Where is the G55 AMG? Did he sell it earlier?
So 2,413,500 not including grandmas merc. What are you going to buy next?
I dont want to buy any of these to be honest.  (Starts writing checks)
i'll buy them all thanks
After 10+ “please don’t buy it”s, we know you don’t mean it and playing hard to get!  I do hope you get what you want though!
Most of his cars are wayyyyy over priced.
Great time to sell
Never knew you existed. 12K for that Jeep (lol).... Yep, exit stage left....
"selling all my cars" is the new fad in stunts for views
I like your channel but your prices are a joke
So Taverish, Hoovie and Edd are all selling their cars at the same time! Wtf is going on?
Your'e asking $15k for an '05 Escalade? Ummm, no.
Me out here wondering where I missed him selling the Raptor
Love the comments assuming Hoovie has some type of crushing debt or wants to take advantage of the car market….you realise it’s a trend Rn right? Ed sold his cars because the market was right and he wanted to spend it on a new car, but for nearly all the other youtubers using this format it’s just a trend which will get them noticed, something which has definitely worked here. Plus you get to make a little money in the process
Siri, what if Jeff Goldblum had a YouTube channel and sold all of his stuff that he was passionate about?
It is kind of strange that almost all the automotive youtubers are selling their cars for the sake of "other" cars all at the same time.  It is very odd.
Reach out to Stradman , he wants to buy a countach
Hoovie tripping with some of those prices.
the z8 is a piece of jewellery you ll regret selling it
where's the G55?
*Hoovies "I don't want to sell it" Garage*
You need to literally GIVE those BMW's away, they are beyond worthless to anyone who appreciates even a modicum of reliability....
Something kinda fishy about all these YouTubers selling off their cars, I think they know the financial markets are about to collapse.  I think they are liquidating into crypto.
5k shipped for the wrangler. Come on it's for my kids
Supply chain will stabilize next year and prices will drop... so you are selling while it's high... be honest at least ;)
Did he sell the wagoneer? If so I missed that one.
I counted 43 cars costing a total of $3,418,500, but the 500sl isnt really a count so 42 cars with a total of $2,418,500
All adding up to $2.414.500 if they all went for asking price :D
Get rid of all that shit and just have one nice car.
Will you sell the Outrun Arcade cabinet?
That Suzuki Jimny/Samurai is so cool.  Turbo!!  Cooler than the newer Pajeros and Jimnys for export.
what do i have to do for the countach?! :D
I would keep 740i, Countach and Escalade.
Almost 2.4m in cars 🥴
All these guys fire saying cars is what will destroy market. Thanks. D*ckh*ad.
What about the Plymouth Prowler? Did you sell it?
missed one 😂
I want the wheels off of that Grand Cherokee!
So glad I don’t live in the US. If not I’ll be broke buying these cars!
I'd give you 15k for the red tA with 545 horsies..but can't get your e-mail to open
I sent you an email about the Tesla! I know you are busy but if you get a moment my email has the same as my channel logo
Thank you Hoovie i will not buy !!!!
I met someone at an Orange Theory gym in Austin, Tx wearing a Hooptie t-shirt that had known Hoover's family before moving. Said he was often rolling up and acting 'cool' in some fancy vehicle, but then it would always embarrassingly break down! No I'm kidding lol, she said he was cool.
Used to love your channel, Hoovie. It was fun... buying-selling-trading cars that we wish we could have, even for just a day or two. Now, you're showing off, saying you don't have time for your cars because of all the other "cool" things you are doing. 😕
12k for the cherokee??   5k for wrotten m3?   Yeah he was deff a car salesman...
What happened to the Delorean?
Wait what. 5k got the Dakota R/t?! Someone go get it
12k isn't bad for that ws6. If I had the money I would totally buy.  Loved mine.
Don't worry I won't buy any of your cars. I couldn't afford the gas for any of them even the Tesla.
Wow 40 cars. I would be selling too
ELSEHWERE
Anyone here looking to rent or know of someone renting a bay/garage/lift for mechanic work in Mass?  Contact me please!
Something weird is happening, all youtubers selling all their cars.
I emailed about the Escalade. No response.
Jimny will go fast that is a nice price
$60k for a modified Porsche 996 ?- never ever
DUDE YOU ARE OVERPRICING MANY OF THOSE F… TURDS.  I WAS IN THE CAR BUSINESS FOR A LONG TIME, DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU ARE GOING TO F…SOMEBODY OVER WITH THOSE PRICES JUST BECAUSE YOU WERE STUPID ENOUGH TO SINK THAT MUCH MONEY INTO THEM
Without the million dollar mercedes listing it all comes together to 2.413.500,00 USD
Finally
Just call up Jay Lenno, he would probably buy all of them in 1 shot.
How about the Bentley Convertible??
Plymouth Prowler for sale??
Spoiler alert, next video:   Wizard: “I’m selling all of my cars and my shop”
A 94 Burb for 12k, a 94 Grand Cherokee for 12k and the Pimp my ride van for 10? He REALLY doesn’t want to sell anything.
your my hero hoovie thank you for what you do
If you decide to give anything away Ill be happy to be the recipient
Here is who got scammed.  He mase a video about it:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ8b8zcLajo
right at the peak of used car inflation... smart guy.
I wouldn't sell the Z8 and the E46 M3
Hmmm...I guess you couldn't talk Doug into a multi-car commission discount to post them all on Cars&Bids.
If you buy anything you are dumb as a rock, very smart from Hoovie to wait for car shortage to EXPLODE on prices. Nice one man!
Hasn’t tavarish got a similar video out
That WS6 is a STEAL.
Hoovie's car selling days kicked in on this video. When stating the mileage on some of the vehicles he used kilometers instead of miles to throw you off on the actual miles.
I want the Riptide Escalade, the Jurassic Park Jeep and the Mustang
Hey Hoovie, you hid/skipped the Ferrari under the cover, back in the hanger. What is it?
Mike hall way of selling cars.
Every time Tyler says please don't buy it you have to take a shot
Hoovie: This is my _____ and the price is $_____. Please don’t buy it.
sell all but please!!!! please don't sell the lamborghini countach
Please find a good home for the 25th Anniversary Countach...
I want to know his insurance bill.
Car and housing market are getting ready to tank and the smart ones are getting out.
Wizard depends on hoovies impulsive buys.   He charges high standard rates for his repairs
Smell like recession. people start to sale. Hard time are coming.
Mommy daddy thot u may actually do something with there money oh well boring dork stick to robbing ur Vic's
The worst Garage sale in history!
$2.400.000 in car no bad vacación
why in the fuck are you even wasting yours and other peoples' time with this video if the prices you are giving are EASILY 25% - 60% higher than the actual value of the vehicle??
$12,000 for a jeep grand cherokee with multiple oil leaks... are you fucking high???
A literal 'Garage sale..
I seriously need to know why the f**k you have American cars listed in kilometers you live in Kansas
Please don't buy any of those.
I think Ed has foreseen a huge market crash coming for cars.
Yeah 40 cars is too much. Less is more, the Lamborghini’s Id keep, but what do I know. Interesting to see where the Chanel goes after all the cars are gone.
Cuz can't afford lolol alot
Hoovie Buddy!, You need to put all your cars on Cars and Bids and just set Reserves at the prices you asked for, I've emailed you and now three different times since this video has went up and haven't gotten any response, clearly you're overwhelmed. I waited to post this and now I see many other people are having the same problem, It's upsetting to feel like ones being blown off.  You need to either respond to the emails or address this in a video, but seriously put all the cars all up on Cars and Bids so we can see what's going on with them. I'm sure Daddy Doug would be happy to do a short intro video with you announcing the big sale..
I wrote an email to you last week after I watched this video about wanting to buy your MBZ SLS AMG, but never received a response from you. Are you serious about selling these cars? Please respond.
What a mess!
they are all probably sold
Out of all the hoopties in the fleet which one is the biggest hooptie ?
Please no more cartrek. It was beyond tired when it started,  Now it's just sad and unoriginal.
For 12k he plans on keeping that ZJ lol
Change is good.
Yeah sorry bud you’re smoking crack lmao
Pay that tax
LMAO
Somebody tell Joe rogan.
I thought the green Blazer was yours too, I love those old Blazers.
Please ad my 2012 kia forte to list of your inventory.  Asking price 850k
And the grand total is 2 193 500 $ :D yeah
Don't worry Dude, nobody's buying those cars 😁
Why is everyone selling all of their cars goon squad is tavarish is and now you are
Take love and care as payment on that cobra r? Lol cool collection bud.
Market crash incoming.  Hoovie, Ed, Tavarish...I'm sure others.
He knows the bubble is going to pop soon.
I think @TheStradman needs the lambos.
Sell it all man and start to speak in a normal way. The cars you have are not interesting anymore, and it's more about the quality - Not the other thing , and the "dont buy it" thing is lame.
I kinda wanna see Jay Leno do this now haha!
$1  Just in case everyone else over bids
What happened to the Equus?
Selling these cars over yahoo emails is a horrific idea.
😍 Suburban
Thanks Hoovie. A Cadillac Escalade truck just drove by my house and of course it was RIPTIDE BLUUUUEEEE. I said that outloud....to no one......lmao
All to buy back his CL65 he sold to Alex! 😂
Are you serious about selling I sent you an email
Wait what happened to hoovies previa or 760 volvo?
Fun video, but clearly you're not REALLY selling all of your vehicles...  ; )
I’ll take the Lamborghinis for $27.13 each cuz I don’t think anyone else wants em…
Hi Tyler just a heads up that email you been flashing on your screen  to buy your cars  online one of my buddy got scammed his name is tk grage he was trying hard to buy all of your bmws
Never seen anyone take so long to get to the point.
Ok, I‘m in for the hangar with the bikes.
How many ads in this video. Lol
55 for that hummer ? Lmao
Stop with the KM speak. We're in the US. Its miles.
in 150 years they're going to find a barn with over 100 cars that Hoovie packed away and forgot about like we are finding old cars in barns today.
Woww these prices are crazy high $$$
Thanks for the car, drives fantastic
I'm really excited to see where these all end up. Some kind of list with what state each car ended up in would be pretty cool.
Also with used car shortage this is a good time to roll over the fleet.  Seller's market.
Keep the 7 series
suggestion - put the high dollar cars in one video and the under 20K cars in another.
I Know your a successful youtuber , I don't get it , your asking a HEVY premium on some of those cars , if you don't want to sell just don't sell , idk what to think of this is it just you using the big platform you have to try and make an extra profit on them cars or what .. mixed feeling
Man, that 73 Benz is the hidden gem in this. I'd kill to have 12.5k kicking around right now.
What is goin on with all of these youtubers selling everything?
SCAM ALERT. Some dirtbag going by Chris Gums set up a spoof email buyhooviesCARS (instead of CAR) and collected a $2000 deposit on my 348 through Zelle. I would not take such large deposits, and don’t use Zelle. Do not fall for it!
The black Avalanche is nice
I got scammed, So beware,  Tyler thanks for reaching out.
If they all sell for the advertised price (except for grandma's benz) a cool $2,429,500.00
Tyler's grifting here is strong.
everyone is selling to make $$$ from crazy used market LOOOOOL
Yea this does seem hard to let some of These go. Some of these cars are peoples dream cars
Where's the red Mercedes Benz SLK55
I have him beat for the cheapest c4 Corvette that runs I paid $1,500 bucks
.  Forty... BAD
Keep the Frogeye Sprite!  It'll be your friend forever -- and good for your soul..   :0)
Are any going on Cars and bids ?
I want to see a video where it says this same thing but all so "the IRS is here!!!! "
Dang, all the youtubers are selling all their cars. Weird trend.
So what are they up too?? All 3 of them have posted the same type vids.
aw, not the sprite and the Tesla :(
I see a mid '50s 300SL in Hoovie's future. He was in tears when he drove one at Monterey. If something moves you that much, own it if you can. Good luck , Tyler.
Do you have a note from your wife allowing you to sell these automotive treasures?  If you do have her note, a Car Wizard certification on his inspection and of the repairs needed, or completed, would increase the marketability of these trophy cars.
If I had the money I'd buy one of those cars. Unfortunately I only got 10k and I'm trying to restore a 3rd gen Camaro.  Edit: I do want one of these.
U somehow accumulated all that trash
“Please don’t buy it” …then don’t sell it If there’s that much attachment to some then sell the redundant cars and the money pits that are hard to get attached to
Don't sell your grandmother's SL. I guarantee you will regret it for the rest of your life!
Hoovie 2022 - i can't believe that i sold all my cars, i'm rich now, but no mechanic wants to work for me anymore?!?
Ferrari price?  Really don't want to sell it as you walked past it then talked about it after but then no price....priceless?
Anyone who buys one of the BMW's hasn't been paying attention or just needs a way to get rid of some extra pesky money they have no other good use for.
Is my riptide blue Cadillac for sale
Diesel brothers. This channel, Tesh all selling out. It’s a red flag boys and girls
Hoovie: I'm gonna sell all my cars. Wizard: B O N K! Bad Hoovie!
Hi Tyler, I have 7 cars and you're an inspiration for me.
@TAVARISH 😂😂🤔
“Please don’t buy it” 😂
Where was the Miata!
And the Fury!
Like the Jeep.
You can keep the Tesla... The remainder, for the most part, are desirable. Just not the Beemers. Just had yet another bad experience with one of those. Last time, kids.
Never count past one.
$8k is a steal for the Jimny. Here in Australia they're going for minimum $20k and steeply rising. They're the 4WD that cannot die and we love a 4WD that can do all the things the big boys can do ...  Its also MCM's fault coz they bought one and so naturally MCM tax is being added now too lol
I'm scared the pointy ends of the lifts in his garage might take his head off one day.
Time to hit CARS & BIDS!!
I thought Hoovie has a taste in cars....until I just saw all his fleet! (:
Ironic how these cars aren't listed on Daddy Doug's site 🤔
I guessed I missed where the Diablo went.
I´ll give you 400k for that Countach
I wish I had the money to buy the blue Escalade. The Chevy Suburban is nice too. I'm too big to fit comfortably in most of his fleet.
You are BS. Everyone decided to sell at the same time? Unsub. and FU
Well, everyone knows that you can make the most money on: caaaaaaaaaaars and bids from Doug...
Mustang FB,..yes please
he basically double and triple the actual value , however, there are dumb people that would pay that kind of money , there is no shortage of ignorance and stupidity in this world
Its a giant scam.  He is not selling many cars at all.  I dont believe it.     Never saw him even drive the speedster replica
Can’t believe a stock GMT400 K1500 Suburban and a WS6 Trans Am with mods are the same price… Also I live in CA so only the Suburban would be legal…
12k cheap for that ws6 Trans am :(
Always LOVED his 66' Mustang, and the Diablo Roadster he got from Ed. <3 Ugh. Pure bliss. Those would be my two choices.
Sweet. I Should do this.. LOL
just keep the Countach man that car is beautiful
I want the green mustang ?
How much for the ws6
Let's trade my building in down town  north judson Indiana to you mustang gt350.. been a Barber for 23 years but thanks to covid I'm ruined and as a bucket list I would love a car like that.... you sure have been very blessed  . Anyway I enjoyed seeing your stash sure would be great to enjoy the beautiful car
Your prices are crazy high.
I didn’t see the MINI MC40.   Did you sell or trade it?  Thanks Tyler
Little short on money now how about a straight trade. A classic 99 ford ranger for the escalade. To sweeten the deal will throw in a coupon for all you can eat salad bar at the olive Garden
It's just the same thing, different day.  Thanks.
No mopars! Boo!!!
maybe if he could keep any of them running he wouldn’t have to sell them all
Out here like gta
Ya over priced cars special with the chip shortage you’ll atleast make some money
So your selling your first car?
They're all selling because this is the worst time in history to buy a used car, but the best time to sell one.  If you buy one of these, you'll never get back what you paid for it.
There is a car trek with a Tesla??
I'm not worthy of any of the hooptie fleet but if you or anyone knows someone willing to donate anything that just runs I'd be more than appreciative and eventually pay for anything. I just need a vehicle so I can get a job.......bring on the hate comments. I'm used to them. Nobody ever wants to help out fellow man even if said man wants desperately to help himself out of the shit hand he's been dealt.
Hoovie: Don't buy this car me in Bulgaria, barely can afford a 1.9 fiat marea for a 500$: sure i won't buy it.
When did this guy become such a snob!!??
Sell that 996 and buy a Porsche 930S to sort out.  That was my dream car as a kid would love to see one as a project.
"Tyler will be in touch in the morning, thank you."  that was Friday when he received my deposit for one of the cars. Since then nothing,   WHAT IS GOING ON TYLER??
When my dad passed he left me 42 cars they all just needed one thing or the other, not one you could get into and drive. We sold the property and had a fire sale, he would be rolling over in his grave but he was cremated. I vowed to never get to that point I have six cars 1988 Porsche 930 Turbo, 1971 Corvette, 1971 DeTomaso Pantera, Datsun 510 w/ SR20DET engine, BMW X3 daily, and a 1997 GMC Truck to haul them around. All restored, registered, and running. Did I mention the three motorcycles? My wife said she would leave me if I bought another car, I will miss her. Lol
Hoovie buy from Ed, Ed buy from Tavarish, and Tavarish buy from Hoovie.   Problem solved for all 3 of them!
Let’s go Brandon
Uh, Beavis, he said Urination Bob, uh, huh-huh-huh.
With used car prices now you’re gonna make a LOOOT of profit. All those “hoopdies” were actually real assets. Great job “Hoovie”, love your channel
Do you still have the Delorean?  Would you sell that?
i bet that dakota is sold already. sweet deal, and i dont even like dodge
Do not sell any of your rare Mercedes
I watched the whole video to see the Dakota RT and he didn’t even show it!
$28,000 for a 20 yr old M3??? Isn’t that $20k or more too high??
If I had any money at all....
12k for the red Jeep?? Dude you can pick one up for way way cheaper then that
Like that ws6 firebird
I think it is funny when people collect cars and never do any work on it themselves. This guy does not even change tires! He pays for all his work to be done and we all know it is cheaper to do it yourself.
What happened to the viper?
Yawn. You are boring.
I'm selling everything at unrealistic prices
checked KBB for some , says he is smoking Crack forsure
You’re like the guy from workaholics that loves Escalades
love that you still have and really dont want to sell the 500sl. you see so many people on here say that then sell it not long after
Sent you an email about the F-car!!!
soooooo, if you sell them all for asking price you have over 2.4 million $ in the pocket, time to retire!😁
Will there be ww3? Why is everyone selling everything? 😐 makes me worried since I'm on the side of the fireline ... and broke lol.
Omg I was proud of my Passat TDI 🤣
Omg that white Lambo 🤑
8K for a limo, you say???
23:39 can we just acknowledge how the wizard potentially made Hoovie 40k with a single sentence
car prices going through the roof world wide , it seems all the youtubers are deciding to cash in.
Wizard: Let me beat that idea out of your head right now!
ooo
You lost me at 10k for the Pimp My Ride van..thats ridiculous, sorry
Elsehwere
Wow..i actually commented months ago he should sell everything... yikes.  Hoovie good luck man.  I really liked your older videos when you were starting off but the new stuff just got too douchey for me.   Your a cool cat..but you seem more a minivan guy then a lambo guy.
email sent for the 2000 ws6 trans am...Hoping we can make a deal..Id love to own one of your cars...
That's nice Hoovie. I have a question for the Wizard, what's with the tan Sude?
He’s definitely getting a gullwing😂😂
I a grown man cried watching this omg why ….
Waht About the blazer ?
Keep: Z8 c3 Mustang 348 the good M3 SL SLS (wait for peak value)  Buy:  Cobra (good replica) 458 FJ Cruiser (for modding) Ford GT (Veyron) (Carrera GT) Volvo P1800  I am sure I can think of a few more interesting and even good investments;)
Here's everything I own it's all for sale also please don't actually buy 3/4ths of the collection. Lol
How much the was the limo?  I couldn't hear because of the wind noise
Please….$500 for pimp my ride turd
All the youtubers selling their cars is a little suspicious imo
I'm sensing a mid-life crisis.
His prices must reflect the inflation damn
Why are both Hoovie and Tavarish selling all their cars at the same time? Too much of a coincidence, something must be at play...
I don't think he realizes that most of us Know roughly how much he spent on buying these cars... in some cases he's asking double what he paid..... Dumbest car Youtube channel is a front to make your feel safe like he has no idea......
Millionaire sells fleet of cars - news at 11
The market is about to crash
the first sign of addiction .. IF I was selling it ..
Meanwhile, I can't afford one of his Hoopties. I usually consider a "Hooptie" as $1000 or less, we are definitely not from the same area or economic standing lol.
I was within 9% of most all your cars. Some seem to be priced by what you have in them which is irrelevant to what they are worth.
And somewhere Doug is saying... "Cars and Bids!"
Banks calling, eh? Yeah I know the feeling.
How much for the tiny kid car? Maybe that's the only thing in my price range
Hoovie gives a whole new dimension to "Hey, here in my garage...."
If one person brought all 41 cars at asking prices total $3,428,500 (if my maths is correct, lol)
When you tell your BMW mechanic 220 thousand and he just laughs and says "i'll pass" , at that point you know your overpriced. Keeping in mind that this is the mechanic who really loved that car.
Keep the Lamborghinis.  Those will only appreciate.  Those will be your retirement fund.  The beginning segment between Tyler and the Car Wizard is funny but a little confusing.  The Car Wizard swatting Tyler for owning forty cars when the Car Wizard has owned FIFTY!  Would have been funnier to have had Mrs. Wizard swat the Car Wizard for yet another acquisition.
"Please don't buy it" but definitely buy it
Sadly China dictates the end of use of all combustion cars worldwide. Chinas boss Darth Xi told all politicians that they wont do any business with underdeveloped countries that still allow CO2 emitting traffic, airplanes or combustion based industry after 2030...I am sure USA and UK also will be forced by China to 100% electric traffic because today no industrialized country can afford sanctions by China...:-((((/(&(&(&()
OT THE  AMBO
Not the 66Vette….please say it isn’t so…
The MB is not the older true gullwing car from the past so price seems out of whack..as in too high.
I’ll go 3 k for the Bugeye and 4 k for the Coutach!
As a teenager I had 20 I had stored in our pasture and barn my dad found them, I had to quickly unload them. It was a mess. They were mostly real hoopties.
Does anyone else feel a Jeff Goldblum vibe, especially at the beginning?
Hoovie inspires me to just fix the car I have instead of buying something else.
Interested in the Cadillac.   Is it still for dale???? Midlife crisis for me as I'm fighting cancer.
I want the 740i.......so bad!
Can't raffle any of them so that some of your subscribers can possibly score one of your cars?
Hasnt responded...
That's a total of $2,373,500 not including the original SL that he said he'd sell for $1 million. Hope you get it Hoovie!
Dang, I'm not too far from being able to afford that Escalade :(
Krazy Kar Kansas! 😜
Hoovie: "This is a shit I took yesterday, if I were to sell it, I'd say 50k dollars"
Massive two fingers up to Demuro????
Bugatti Chiron coming up
Hoovie……. You need an assistant
I bought and paid the deposit on Friday for one of your cars, since making the required deposit on FRIDAY, followed by 3 back up emails and a promise that "Tyler" will be in touch from "TEAM TYLER", I have not received any further information, Is this how you treat your buyers????
You need more than 40.
Is anybody noticing a growing number porn spam replied under a comment? YouTube needs to crack down on this. There are more appropriate places to find porn. These are annoying.
cars and bids my friend!
Wanna know what’s better than 12k for the trans am. Two vehicles for trade for it 😂. Win, win situation for you and I. Ah man you’re selling that trans am for so little.
And then there is me, getting my first car soon 😎 yeah I know pretty impressive
Did I miss something, where is his black 135i?
OMG I wish I had the money for that beautiful white 25th Anv. Countach, I probably wouldn’t even fit inside of it but I’d get it just to sit and watch it all day long!! Amazing collection, I hope whatever you’re getting in their place makes you as happy and excited.
You sound like Jeff Goldblume.
Tyler you need to go to AAA automotive addiction anonymous. You go to the meeting and sit down and say, Hello, I'm Tyler and I am an addict.
Where's the Delorean? I'd be interested in that for sure.
Inquiries elsewhere; please respond  Jk, man, love the channel, just wish I had some disposable income to own a piece! I'm impressed! Even some of those you _didn't_ seem to want to part with are priced to move; good luck keeping the good stuff!
I'm selling them all.  Please don't buy them.
markets peaking, bitcoin flex.
that's almost $4 million worth of cars.. it adds up.  wow.
I've had moments in my life where I realized the stuff I owned was owning me and I did the same thing.  Luxury is a trap.  The other thing is:  Older sports cars are no fun anymore due to the cost.  At one time, you could pick up an older vette or less desirable Porsche cheap, but unless you find some inside deal, there just aren't any deals anywhere.
If you can wait for a year, I will invest my 11.53 dollars in to SHIB and take them all, no questions asked...
Oh man, that Escalade... 🤤
$2,359,500 total for anyone wondering.
Some of these prices don't make sense, what do you mean the truck escalade is only 8k?!?!
shipping cost to Australia.?????? These American prices for cars are unbelievably cheap
You must be smokin some world class weed to ask those prices on your stuff Hoovie. But "they " say a sucker is born,,,,,,well, we all know how that ends don't we. Good Luck.
°•○▪︎..•●°Hoovie, please don't loos to muche trying to get ...   make room. That been said, please donate one of your older cheaper  SUV to our charity in Fance, help us getting it hear, we will do the papers. Our car is dead and we cant continue working as donations are dropped to 0  Need is higher then ever but well  Get some money back over tax reduction as we are a legal registered organisation.  Thank you for your consideration.
all i wanted was the 500SL lol
Don’t worry, the cars won’t sell because they are over valued.
Making room for the Chiron?
You could just open a dealership again haha
Already sold the Woodie and the old wagoneer?
I'd buy both of those Trans Ams if I had $30k
$2,378,000. Insanity.....
Did he say 15k for a 05 escalade
Hmmm Your offer intrigues me 🤔
Urination Bob gets a mention...drink!
For $10 an hour you can hire an assistant.
This video is so annoying, yea we get you don’t want to sell them, no need to say it 90 times because you are selling them
Give some of them away that you don’t sell ? You have done it before with some success ?
My favorite two cars of your entire fleet are the 1966 "Twins"...sort of. The Corvette and that beautiful Green Mustang Fastback. I'd never need any other car...ever again. Now all I gotta do is come up with a (paltry...cough, cough) $153 Large + Tax and Registration. Yeah, sure, no problemo. Agggh! Who am I kidding anyway? I'm just a poor ole' fool who's window shopping. Good luck with your "Every things gotta go" sale, Hoovie!
$10k for the pimp my ride monstrosity? Welcome to yur new daily because that is not selling lol.
Time catches up to everyone
🇦🇱🇦🇱‼️
wish i could get an E36 M3 (even in that bad condition) for 5k in my country !!!!
Smart choice... The used car market is about to plummet as more new cars are being built and oil prices are rising by the day!
*_Good Luck, you're selling dinosaurs. I know someone who trying to sell his expensive mint car at a steep loss because he having a tough time selling it. ICE cars have now become pre-historic creatures. Hope you find some collectors in time like Jay Leno. Who could care less about a car's values and appreciate them for their artistry and the history behind them. Before their worth falls off a cliff and they will._* _The ICE age is over and EV's are the new breeds and the transitioning is happening faster than anyone thought._
I think their accountants have told them all they have to put a value on their fleet. And they have to actually be listed for sale for that value to be legal. I don’t think any of them have any intention of selling hence 'please don’t buy it'.
Prices are about 2x what they should be ,but hey they're your cars so who cares
"Please don't buy it"😂 oh and the Wizard smacking him on the head is gold!
@6:42 That is proper deal, dude. :)
Should have left Grandmas Mercedes out of the listing instead of putting it up there with a ridiculous price.
Did he just say $12k for a Cherokee with 120k miles and an RMS leak. GTFO it's craigslist Tyler.
Minus the 97 Camaro that sold, if Hoovie meets all the prices he has listed for, he will make $3,325,000
Mmm, I wonder if Mrs Hoovie gave him the classic 'either they go or I do' ultimatum.
Any of these cars have Catalytic Converters on them?  I.E. smog inspection worthy?
I promise I will not buy any of these, Mr Hoov.
I was about to buy the Lanny but hoevie told me not to
When did he sell his 1996 Buick Park avenue ultra?
Is it me, or are most of the prices p*** off prices?
I was rooting for the 348 to escape this madness, but alas... 😟
Who the hell would buy a car from this guy his dealership failed LMAO
God I wish I had the money for the 2000 ws6
12000 for the grand Cherokee? Woof
Whats wrong with the volume. Itd way to low. Fixx it hoovie
All three of these guys just up and decide to sell their cars at the same time? What's really going on though?
When a multimillionaire says "I need the money..." LMFAO
Awww.  Hooves broke
Have you sold the bmw 135i?
I wished I lived in the states to get that Dakota
Give you 4500 for the caddy brougham
I offer $1000 for the Countash. You are welcome!
Once you go big, doesnt necessary means you will succeed.  But good luck
Feels like you guys trying to lift the market prices even higher than they are…. Something stinks here.
Tyler might have hit his head we don’t know about bout these prices are crazy . $10,000 for a van without A title . Does he live in Alaska
Holy crap he is about to make bank on his profit margins
Where’s the woody?
Your prices are hilarious.   Don't sell anything man!
Assuming this was just for views. I sent email within a few minutes of video airing. No response
OMG that Jimny is as old as me and I want it but I'm broke 😢
There’s like maybe 2 cars I could actually afford. 😂
Thats a nice collection of old Honda dirt bikes
I like Mr. Hoover's videos because he focuses on the more pricey and obscure vehicles, even though I like reasonably priced and high distribution vehicles (which are easier to repair and get parts for later on). But while I like watching videos about his vehicles, I don't want to own any of them.
Divorce.?
Spoiled guy with too many cars you deserve nothing for having so much.
k5 blazer?
Please Don't buy it!! 😂😂
18:31 *Manny enters the chat*
Dam 2.4 Million worth of cars (not including the white Mercedes Convertible that was his first car)
~$2.3M not including Grandma’s car. Only one I’d buy is the Cobra R or the Suburban.
but why are you selling tyhem
Just getting into Hoovies channel, could anyone let me know what happened to his BMW 135i?
Gonna miss the fleet... been watching from the start. Thinking of the positives of that cash for new cars but can't help think of all the videos being sold here... Good luck!!
Hoovie Ed and Tavarish all selling their cars at the top of the market, crash coming soon
ill give you $50 for the countach!!
Soooooo...... you want to sell us your fleet of vehicles at a don't sell price, but you have to sell them, for different vehicles that you are about to purchase.  Got it.
Something fishy is going on ? Why are so many YouTubers selling ?
Hoovie is selling all of his cars and I saw Tavarish is selling his collection as well - but I haven't watched his video yet just in case it is click bait.
Jeez some of these cars are way overpriced. That 500SL and Countach have ridiculous prices.....
Notice the van is not for sale. Porsche, ferrari, 2 lambos, but not the chevy van.
Feels like a bit of click-bait :)  fun video... still...
All  of the youtube car guys are getting the memo....this the time to sell
Used car market must be really good all of You Tube is selling
Eary 2000s 250k miles ls1 swap 911 Carrera for $60k? Good luck with that...
this is CAAAAARS and BIIIDS.
Tavarish latest Video : I am selling all my cars .... Hoovies latest Video : i am selling all my cars.....   lol
Always loved the z8. Just an absolutely beautiful underrated car
👍👍  🎃🎃    I need that blue Ferrari 456 so bad, to sit next to my same year blue Ford Probe GT in my garage.   I think it is my destiny per the CarTrek series. Too funny.
I used to make the roofs for those bmws i might have made that one American sun roof company bowling green ky
Getting ready for the stock market crash so you can buy even better stuff eh?
I'll take the Escalade if there is 14 thousand cash in the glove box and a discount coupon for towing.   Totally serious.
Elsehwere
Some of his cars are ok priced, but some are  WAY over
Where's the Range Rover?
Ed, hoovie, tavarish all talking together. Hey we own a ton of cars and the market will crash in a year or two. So let’s tell everybody we’re gonna buy a big cool new car so we have to sell them all. But we really “don’t” want to sell. But going to make HUGE money from selling on the top of the market and rebuy all new stuff in a year for a fraction of the cost. Let’s be real people this is just a smart business deal on their part. Love you guys. But let’s be real with ourselves.
This Episode should be titled “I am selling my (Please don’t buy it) 40 cars (please don’t buy any!)
llease uncle hoovie i want the maybach... sold
Dude that WS6 Looks good for the $
What happened to that W123 Mercedes 300 TDT wagon from cartrek?
Aye aye captain! Ohhhhhhh
Dodge Dakota r/t ? Did I hear that right?
I want your grandmother's SL
Xtra retail prices-talking outa his hat.
Please put the crack pipe down, some of those prices are insane
Seriously... WTF ??
I want to know the real reason you guys are selling everything
I can't wait to see this on Car Trek🤣
lol.. he didn't put any of them on Dougs cars n bids. cuz it sucks.
I’ll take the 007 pinball …
I am glad for your wife and for your family.  Less cars is more family time.  You are listening. Enjoy your life, but enjoy THEIR lives too.  I hope to see you much less on YouTube.
Can I have the Lambo?
He should make a >10 minute video of each car (one last time).  40 cars, ~600K views per car(video)...he might be able to afford to keep them all  ;-)   It'd give him ~40 days of video content to take a much needed break.
I’ll buy all of them, just call me.
Dang would be cool to buy a car from Hoovie!
Why are you selling all your beautiful cars?
These are crack pipe prices lol
booooo, boo
crack prices on 1/2 of the selections
see ya
No coincidence used car prices are at a ridiculous, once in 3 lifetimes, high.
The only thing I can think of is you guys know something the rest of us don't lol. I was this close to hitting send on am email asking about the Jimny, but alas I'll let someone else get it.
Sees the 2000 trans am.  Shows wife, we can't afford it,  dies inside.
Hoovie if you sell the hooptie fleet  how will the wizard make the payments on his private jet
I need that trans-am!!!
Man why are you guys all about 2 months too late with the car sales??? Your M5 and X5 would've definitely been on my shopping list!!!!
If i had the cash I'd buy the escalade in a heartbeat. Please no one buy it so that i can buy it in February. Thanks :)
I wonder what bet he lost or use her in tax trouble. Or maybe he's being controlled by the Russians lol
Ed selling his cars, Tavarish selling his, and now Hoovie... hmmm 🤔 and all in a short window
Not a bad time to sell when the market is hot for used cars and reducing the fleet win win.
Does this mean they’ve found the El Chapo McLaren F1?
Not exactly a fire sale 😂
So in other words, most are not really for sale.
This seriously seems like a lost bet by the trio to Autotempest or something, hahaha
Tyler watched that margin call senior partners meeting scene ('sell it all. today') at 3am with a beer in hand and got inspired.
Good luck Tyler...end of an era....looking forward to the next chapter!
I'm very glad you're not selling the SL.
I'd buy that red WS-6 Trans Am over anything else.
Another awe-inspiring video! ❤️❤️ Am investing my time and money in crypto now, this new cost is a clear sign for new investors to come in ✅✅...
X5 FOR 8K 😂😂😂 worth 4 topps and that's pushing
...didn't see the orange 996 turbo for sale...???
...I didn't see the orange 996 tt for sale...?
Hoovie is able to spend half hour doing an advertisement for his cars for sale,  have million people see it,  and get paid for the advertisement he made.   youtube is amazing.
Can we get a raffle going for the 66 mustang
Hoovie: "I usually don't count the number of cars that I have" Everybody else:
ELSEHWERE ... wat?
keep the trans am godammit
I Would take the murcielago its sick
Tyler, MT and you don’t work. I’m sorry, they botch you so badly. I love the YT and cartrek stuff. Maybe the producers on the propaganda machine will fix that
Well the more i see its 20-50% too expensive
Everything is 20% too expensive
... even tho your selling up, I can tell that you really love your car's... I'll go for the 1959 Austin-Healey frog eye sprite... you gotta love that smile! ;0)
Tell my why salesman say.. i dont want to sell this car realy... then put an overvalue on it.. just dont put it up. You will only get offers to knock back. Time wastet.
And now Wizard will continue with the sails . .
All my cars are for sale, just please don’t buy any of them 😂😂
Spotted you on Dennis Collins video at the Barrett Jackson auction.
That's a lot of over priced garbage you're selling.
The Suzuki needs to go to Fab Rats as a parts donor for Ed's LJ20!
You know your level  by what car you would like to have.   I was looking at the both the mustangs and the Jurastic Jeep. But I would wild card on that james Bond BMW.
At 1:49...OK there it is. The Motivation. No, it's not that Tyler is a recovering addict and admits it. No, it's because he has NEW cars he wants to buy! And he's cash poor. So, no this is not a story of someone getting sane and healthy. Don't help him! Don't buy his cars. Don't enable him!
Am gonna be sad to see alot of these go. Almost like if they were my own. Wish I was in a position to pick up a few, That M5 would look really nice in my garage.
Sell the 40 cars and then just buy a maybe 6 cars that you absolutely love the most. Go buy the best late production Miura SV that you can find.
The race for the brunt Bugatti has begun.who buys it first?
Everyone has their price
Value of the collection, exclusive of Grandma's gift: $2,413,500.  What does your tax accountant say?
If you were wondering the total price would be over 2,145,000$
Wait a minute what about the jeep and the Ford Hoovie ??
$8k for the Escalade.. That thing would cost $50-100k here in Denmark, if not more lol
The pimp my ride van for 10k would be a good investment as I am thinking whoever would buy it would get lots of views.
So start a totally fly CAR dealership with Warehousing and go buy a modest 4 BR home with a 3 car garage and send me something in return for the great advice...
James Dean did not kill himself
The market top is in.
It’s the Bugatti ain’t it?
If you have $ 2,325,000 (excluding the 1 mill 500SL) you too can become Hoovie!
I'd actually buy one of these if I had not just bought a ***ing car I didn't need! Sh*t.
Tyler you have to keep 3 come on
I’m sure strad would probably buy the lambo
This is what they call Success! good luck.
Hoovie make sure you do a good sale update video in a few weeks! Personal favorites are the BMW 741I ,  Ferrari 348TS and while I am dreaming the SLS AMG.
To hear that Dakota R/T is going for 5k saddens me.   I bought a 2005 Dakota SLT in may 2021 for 8k. My heart hurts.
Kind of a misleading video everything is I don’t want to sell
Guys if nobody buys any of the cars he’s stuck with them 🤷‍♂️
I haven’t been keeping up with you for over a year. Glad to see you and the wizard hooked up with motortrend! That’s awesome. Can’t wait to see it!
Since I was in the military, I've love the image of the Hummer brand, with the exception that we were promised diesel powertrains with adequate fuel economy. Enough about that. I looked in AutoTrader last night and 150-180k units were bringing high teens and low 20's ; Tyler Hoovie advertised his H1  for $50k with 180k on miles!?! That's not an "everything is for sale" video. Of the 40 he has less that 10 that are priced to sell. Congratulations on your fleet Hoovie, if your dealership inventory was this diverse; you would have cars lots everywhere.
@samcraer needs to sell all of his tooo.
$55 grand for a almost 200,000 miles 😂
Man is selling $2.3M worth of cars ?! (Without the "million" dollar Mercedes) What is he thinking?!
That's a shame needing money. I bet the wife suggested clearing the garage out.
Why is it that Goonzquad, you and Freddy(Tavarish) are all of a sudden selling off all your cars?
12k for a OLD Grand Cherokee? shit I wouldn't have paid 12k for that thing when it was 5 years old.
Don't sell Diablo :((( Keep it, it's going to cost double the price in 5 years
What ever happened to that '50s car the Wizard worked on for quite a while? What was it, a '51 Ford or something?
Wow circa $3million worth - That's a nice wedge to go out and do something new
All overpriced
Ouch! On some!!
Hoovie: _All of my cars are for sale_ Also Hoovie: *please dont buy this car. please dont buy this car. please dont buy this car. dont buy this one either. or this one.*
no thanks!!!
I'll trade you for an old wheelbarrow and a slightly used sombrero and I'll even throw in a stapler if you insist.
“Everything is for sale.”  Posts ridiculously high prices so nothing sells.
Why are you selling everything?
$2,516,000 total discounted 25% for lending purposes is $1,887,000.  If Tyler has a RLOC (revolving line of credit) with a bank to finance his "addiction", they will loan 50% of the discounted value, or $943,500 on his fleet.  So, I estimate that Tyler has walk away equity of $943,500...max... IMHO, all of these auto Youtubers are pricing their fleets for sale for a reason.  They have contacts in the auto industry that are telling them that there is a correction coming and they are trying to cash out before the bottom falls out of the hopium-inflated car market.  Buyers beware.
He's smoking Kansas Krack with the H1 price...
That red ZJ is very tempting...🤔
Are you really still not gonna sell the Diablo to John T?
Millions in cars….$85 Harbor Freight power washer😂😂😂
I hope you remember who has 1st option on the Countach!?
When you said "Euronation Bob", the captions read _"urination Bob"._ 🤭
is he going for the new Lambo Countach?
Next video title: “how I singlehandedly bankrupted The Wizard”
No not the lambo why the old lambo
Seems people are expecting the car bubble to explode so I do believe Hoovie, Ed and Freddy are trying to sell stuff off while the prices are still high as hell
Hoovie “I’m selling all my cars”     Car Wizard “I’m filing chapter 7 bankruptcy”    Also hoovie “Price on this late 80’s Cadillac is $50,000 that I paid $1,200 for”….  Umm how about not!just cuz it was owned by a YouTuber doesn’t make it a collector car!
SLS AMG Millage??? Anybody know?
Hoover, call Richard Rawlins! Hell give u 3000$ for 22 of these and press the rest.
What happened to the mini?
@Adam LZ check out time-stamp @13:54 e36 M3 "basket case, world's worst" only $5000 could be your new drift-missle after some LZ TLC... followed by a newer M3 for $28,000.
@Matt's Off Road Recovery you should check this out: @13:30 you've already got a banana, here's an apple! 😂 with 120k miles, a leaky V8, and limited edition package... for only $12,000
You've built a good life, had a blast so don't blame you for retiring young. Thanks for the use content.
Where is the DeLorean?
2:58 writes elseHWere but he is rich and I am not. Well, funny...........
the rich get richer every day
That Ferrari 348ts. I’m considering 🧐
somebody should just buy the million dollar SL just for the fuck of it lolll
If I had enough garage for a third car, I would totally buy that 80s Caddy in the hangar.
What happened to the GMC Typhoon?
Don't sell the Z8! That car has mojo!
So???  Sold anything?
Getting out of the YouTube game and concentrating on fast food?  Who do you think you are....Gus Fring?!
I can't wait for Hoovie to find out how many people out there are dumber than him, when the offers flow in for his cars.
I think that 390k for de diablo is a real bargain.. that car in that colour wil go far past 500k
Clickbaiting much?!?! “Hey I have all these cars, FOR SALE, don’t buy any! Please buy them, but don’t!” Stop making these videos if that’s the case! I mean I understand the attachments, but you have fallen through on sales with a few different people because of this or that, you need therapy, and to sell twenty, not to make youboob content about your ocd!
So basically your selling out ppl watch your content you get Rich then you try sell your cars to the viewers who ultimately paid for them well done true car salesman o and Tavarish what a sad would we live in that bored ppl make other ppl rich by watching clips 👍
He is selling everything to get a used Geo metro.... I knew it!
Finally the little lady gave u an ultimatum it’s us or the cars!!!
E38 is the one I would buy, just perfect.
GTFO IS THIS LIKE A THING NOW FOR CAR VLOGGERS??
Click bait bullshit - thanks Tavarish
I can't help hoping everything sells.
I hope the BMW dream team includes an 850 CI
Best I can do is $4 for the entire collection with a bumper to bumper warranty. I would have to find storage for it, etc etc
I'd like to live in that hanger please.,
Why?
Yet 1 year from now My 160 cars have officially bankrupt me
Wow! So this IS the dumbest auto channel in youtube!!!
............. Is it the First of April today   .
"Slightly missing an engine"
You never get what you put into a car back. If someone gives you what your asking for most of them cars they have way to much money.
I think his wife started annoying him with all these cars.....
The one bad thing is he showed all his "Jerry Riggins" If someone pays 180 grand for the Lambo with a chopped up frame and flex seal on the transmission. You will be part of the "Dumbest" channel ever!
Why wouldn't you call that Lambo dude who has offered you obscene money in the past?
When they're all sold you need to seek treatment - urgently!
live Auction on youtube
I think I'm a vintage watch hoarder myself. I have no clue on the number of watches I have but 600 to 1000 wouldn't surprise me. The upside of watches is I don't need a hangar to store them in. One of these days I'm going to sell them all and banish myself from buying more.
So Hoovie askes his audience to fund his BMW dream cars and now he's selling them. Is he going to refund those that contributed or just run off with their cash?
'elsehwere'  !
I got an Abarth that LOOKS just like the one you once had.  GREAT CAR!
I guess the one he REALLY doesn't want to sell is the free pimp my ride one priced at $10.000.
I would never sell sl and diablo :D
Glad I found this site, the prices are hilarious....lol.
Or: Why Hoovie got out of the Dealership business.
That hangar is cool!
Why are these cars not just out on cars and bids?
How is ur 2500$ cars worth 8k 15k
Mr Burton Schilchter is the best, recommending him to all beginners who wants to recover losses like I did
Wow ! I sell all my cars in the $ 900-2500 price range !...  But it's cash only, no financing.
I calculated $2,169,000.   This doesn’t include his first actual car which he listed for 1 million. But we know he won’t sell it, unless someone does actually give him a million for it.
You should switch from cars to watches man. The amount of money you spend on cars you could be buying watches that would actually go up in value while you enjoy wearing and using them.
the fun END !
If I could afford that Ferrari I would buy it. But the channel hasn’t taken off. It would get funny to pull up in one of those on my block. Lol
Why? Tf is going on?
Lmk who gets robbed for that Escalade and the jeep 😂😂😂 hoovie smoking that oohwee 😂😂😂
Patiently waiting for him to return my email. I'm ready to buy 2 of these.
With those prices, they stay in the garage forever.
What about the bmw dream team?
I love Tyler.  He is one of the very people in car world that make me look sane. I am down to 31 as of last week… hoping to hit 25 by 3/1/2022.  Now, that 1970s 4.5 Mercedes looks tempting …
what about the GMC Typhoon ?
For Christ’s sake man, u fall on hard times?  Dad must called and told u about the upcoming market adjustment, certainly don’t wanna be sitting on all that steel . 🤣🎃
you almost have too many vids (once every week or 2 is good) and i've moved on but i still like and subscribe
What happened to the MINI?
I really want to like Hoovie and  his channel, but I just have no affinity for spoiled, rich privileged kids who’s daddies gave them all they needed to get started without the pain of reality. Said it! Not sorry!
Who added up all the asking prices?
This video made me more sad and made me cry more than hoovie
I vote you keep the mustang and the stingray and get rid of the rest
19:22 "you do not want to be like me"  he says inside of his million dollar hanger filled with exotic cars that are only a fraction of his million dollar collection.  i think i kinda DO want to be like him a little bit
YouTube cars are selling cars
Man that 2000 trans am I might have to consider. However the price you want for that '95 red Cherokee is absolutely bonkers.
Come on Wizard!!! 😡 violence is NOT the answer.
I like the 90s Porsche's better than the new ones.
It sounds like you'll talk yourself out of selling the majority of the vehicles you have in your possession.
Honestly the only way I'd buy that Bentley for $50k is if it came with $100k cash.
You need a face covering. Stop killing old people with your maskless face. Tyler.
I'll give you 2k for everything, and I think I'm paying too much.
Good to see you're letting go of a few cars...this is healthy. Enjoy the ride Hoovie!
So if I email you at your alternate email address, (I'll not share due to privacy reasons) and offer you full price what you're saying is my money is no good because I used wrong email! I didn't think so! However if you feel that strongly about it then just email me at whatever Hoovie email you choice and I'll sell you all cars at discount
If you personally own millions in cars you need to sell I'd argue you should have never been given money to begin with! But I'm just a hater so you do you and I'll do the Percocet and Copenhagen life.
Hoovie “I’m selling all my vehicles Wizard “Shit time to prepare for bankruptcy”
How many broke people seen the motorcycles and thought how much for those at least I'd stand a chance at affording one of those! That is until we find out how much they are worth! Hey Hoovie, you got any posters or coffee cups for sale because some of us live life at a lower price range
I don’t see the green Chevy pickup from the forest service. Already gone?
i had a 1995 Grand Cherokee Limited as my first car in exactly that color. Loved that truck
Hummer price is about right only instead of $55k it should be $5500
Where did the woodie go?  Did I miss an episode?
Imagine the video made in 3 months when nobody has bought these cars after him saying don't buy it! Look honestly I doubt he has to worry about many people watching these videos buying any of these cars! We watch videos because we can't afford to buy the cars featured in videos!
In my little world, I am also an Idiot!  LOL  Good Luck!
Is the Chevy truck for sale
What happened to the jeep wagoneer and Miata?
Stop with the please don't buy it!!!!  If you really didn't want to sell it you wouldn't do it. So stop the drama Hoovie!!!!!!!! :)
what do you mean by it has hauled a few animals recently on the escalade truck?
You must be loaded. $$$$$
$450,000.00 for the 25th anniversary Lamborghini.... good luck with that.... not that it isn't super nice....it is... but it's $250k to $300k nice.
can i have the 2000 firebird  please my 86 has 270k its tired
It would be good if you responded to Emails offering to buy a car. Guess you really do not want to sell.
Worst sales person ever. "It's priced to move, but please don't buy it." How can I find out how you insure your (a) fleet?
It’s one thing to put a price on a car, it’s completely another thing to really try to sell a car.  How many cars will he sell?  0?
I'll buy the Diablo
No car is better than the love of JESUS, you all are far worth more than cars. Come to HIM and surrender of of your vanity to HIM. HE wants you to repent of what's killing you. Which is sin
No offense, you do a great job with those cars I'm sure but uh... ROFL 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 No Fuc--ng way.
Everybody’s trying to cash in they know the market is about to bust in the next year or quicker
After they are all sold buy a 1995 Carolla wagon and bring it to Scotty Kilmer.
Someone made too much money this year and is scared of the tax man coming. I foresee lots of sales reported as a “loss” to hide some income. Since I like you I’ll buy your lambo for $1 and help you to avoid paying taxes 😂
Damm..  Wizard costing someone 40k..  just like that,   guess we know what he might take thou...
I have to wonder what Tyler's neighbors think of all that madness 🤣...please Tyler interview a neighbor I must hear it
My wife is an ICU nurse one night she walked into a patients room immediately she stopped said to the patient "oh you are watching Hoovies garage, my husband watches that channel". 🤣
What happened - you realized Biden is tanking the economy on purpose for the globalist elite tech oligarchy? Yeah, me too.
Ok.. What is going on?! Tavarish, Ed now Hoovie is selling off their fleet.. What do you guys know that we dont?! Car prices going to tank soon?!?
Even grandma’s mercedes?
Soooo they are definitely not “the cheapest (insert model) for sale in the USA”
I love this channel! Is Joe Biden making you sell everything?😂🤣😂🤣😂
WTW???? Are you really getting rid of all of them?
dang, I thought I was bad with 5 bicycles in the hours......
“Elsehwere”
Soon we’ll be seeing Hoover on an episode of Hoarders
Your reason for selling the entire collection may involve the purchase of another exotic car, possibly. Your collection represents significant tangible assets, some are depreciating, while some are appreciating in perceived value. I do not believe it is a coincidence that you, Fred and Ed are selling your prized collections simultaneously for the purpose of collectively purchasing/financing another exotic automobile. My conjecture could be incorrect, however, I believe the 3 of you have discussed, though will never publicly admit, the house of cards is about to collapse. When you collectively change your assets from cars to liquidity, you have concluded the value of your tangible assets will  soon decrease when very few buyers possess the financial capacity to purchase them. When the house of cards collapse, finding enough food to eat will become a significant, daily priority.  I would bet the 3 of you have discussed this inevitable event, it's just a matter of time. Get out now, convert the assets into liquidity while precious time remains to purchase B, B; and W to survive. Good Luck.
This is an excellent time to sell off the fleet -- seems like the housing market is finally starting to slow down and I imagine that the used car bubble is also not far off from bursting
Why are you selling all these cars or is this a joke
Welcome to Hoovies garage. Tyler.." im selling all my cars." Shows cars..  PLEASE DONT BUY THEM. You brought tears and made me sad until i heard 2 statements Please dont buy it.  Ill throw prices at wall see what prices stick.. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Overpriced hoopties must go...
7.30 = poker face
Every car: please don’t buy it
I saw a 612 Scaglietti driving in the pouring rain today. A part of me died. The part that's left wants to buy most of these cars.
Oh boy, those asking prices... but he was once a car salesman afterall (perhaps still is>?).
Will you make an update on which cars sold?
Somethings going down if everyones selling their cars
So many white cars
I was hoping the 500SL wouldn’t end up on the list, and you didn’t disappoint.
For most of the non-particularly-sporty cars I think "Hmm, that's sorta cool, but my 4Runner does everything I need it to.", but that Jimney would be so tempting if timing was better.
Can I have 1 for free I'll personally pick up lol and I'm in Cali great idea for a video " Gifting a Fan a Hooptie for Christmas " 😂
If I had a million bucks I'd buy that Benz and set it on fire right in from of him
I just sold all 36 of my 37 vehicles this year. When I go out to my building it makes me sad now.
Selling all, all of your cars, yeah right. BS! @4:00 you’ve already stated that two cars are not for Sale.
Hoophies fleet??
This guy lives like a GTAV NPC.
I want the PROWLER!
Where’s the Prowler?
damn! just added it all up and you are sitting on $3.325m!!!!
The direful barber fascinatingly plug because circulation qualitatively muddle vice a numerous forehead. thoughtful, psychotic crayfish
so you really don't want to sell your 500sl then yes 🤣
I'd take the sorted 2001 740i Sport in my favorite silver and his dad's(?) "not mine" black '79 Trans Am.  Both childhood favorites~
Can someone please buy the whole fleet for the bargain price of just $3,300,000????
*****10K for that POS pimp my crap mini van???????? DAMNNNN MAN! What are you on??? 😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
Gas is about to become obsolete. Sell now get out smart move.
Best way to sell a car. Don't buy it 😂
I'll trade you a 99 f350 superduty 7.3 4x4 crew cab long bed lifted on 35s needs tlc but runs and drives. For the limo
Wizards upset because of all the money he would make maintaining them! But he’ll make way more fixing all the replacement cars
Glad to see Grandma’s SL isn’t for sale :)
Imagine your dad having 40 cars yet he chooses to pick you up from school in a 2005 Cadillac Escalade...
I'll take it.   The whole inventory.
Then get a Lexus and keep it.
Okay what is really going on. A lot of my favorite Tubers are supposedly sailing all of their cars too. What is the real story here.
Is he joking?
And all I want is a Vw beetle…🤦‍♂️
How did u afford those cars ?
Why are you really selling majority of your cars?  Sounds like someone on desperate need of cash.
All these car YouTube guys selling. Shows that the car market is about to TANK! Car prices will drop and these guys don't want to get stuck with some of these. 👍
We need a hoovies shirt with the silhouette with the hands and it saying “I need the money!” Lol would buy!
ELSEWHERE.
Can you really call it a hooptie fleet anymore?  Where the 69 Buick deuce and a quarter?
the dumbest sales video in all of youtube.
Gotta keep the Countach!
Either tavarish is stealing your ideas or your stealing his. No need to watch both. Just watch one of you guys and you know what the other is doing.
Hoovie buys em cheap but he doesnt sell them cheap.
his wife woopt his ass now he is crying
Yo Tyler 150k for the orange lambo cash bro,let me know
"I will not respond to inquiries ELSEHWERE".  Please correct to read elsewhere.
Either angry wife or GULLWING👀😃👍🏻
the mercedes 280 is my dream car, i wish i lived in the states so I could buy it.
Hey Hoovie I’m gonna buy your whole garage and Tavarish’s for 1m dollars combined if you don’t manage to offload those bags soon. 700k for you and 300 for T when this classic/exotic market bubble pops in the next few weeks.
Don’t buy used bmw. Unless they are mine.
Darn urination Bob at it again
hoovie . selling all his cars ,  goonsquad selling all their cars ,  tavarish selling all of his cars ,,   what's going on , are they all after one and the same car ??
which can I buy for 5 Bucks?
You trippin on that E46 M3 price
Everything's for sale. Almost as if everything's selling for record highs
auto market top!
Single dad needs money because wife left him for a real MAN!!
10k for the pimp my ride van with no title … yeeeeeaaaaa no
15k for a 2005 Escalade…. Yeeeeaaaaaa no
Like 3 of his cars are up against walls and metal chairs. Wtf. That’s clearly bad for the cars. He even positioned himself in some of the shots so you wouldn’t notice
Tavarish is selling all of his cars too.... tells me they are planning something
Or just buy them all for $2,413,500
Elsewhere !
Every price he listed is the “I don’t wanna sell it price”. Get real hoovie, if you were actually gonna sell any of these cars you need to put realistic asking prices
This truly is the dumbest car youtube channel. Congrats
What happened to the Prowler??
You need to buy an old abandoned department store to turn into your garage. LOL
Why sell your cars if you don’t want to let go of any
Hope you have better luck than GoonSquad boys are. Trying to sell their fleet of rebuilt salvage fleet and don’t think many people are interested in their stuff. Yours are much more desirable cars tho. ( supposedly) Good Luck !
Much of it I would not miss, but the Austin Healey, simplicity is bliss.
Man I'd love to have the RT
ferrari with bus seats
Where is the miata
if i was you i would keep the green mustang, and the blue corvette as both of those latter in life if you need money in the event youtube goes away can still be sold for a pretty good amount of money, probably keep at least the old diablo too
Urination bob lmaoooo
That BMW dream team is amazing. E38 740i, E39 M5, E46 M3
Kinda wantin that ext, fully sorted luxury avalanche for 9k? Say less
The economy is about to take a dumb. Everyone is selling everything... Take a look around
You better not sell your grandmas car!
where can we watch car issues please
Man I'd love to have that Escalade
RIPE TIDE BLUE
For those wondering, the total is $2.3M, excluding the fake $1M price for his grandmother's Mercedes.
all in Shiba Inu
Won't you need a dealers license if you're selling that many cars? Just asking.
Why don’t you have a hoovies garage video scavenger hunt so everyone has a chance to win your cars and you get more video views?
Everyone selling all their cars? Top of the market?
Well my faw would be the Mustang or the Z28, followed by the lil spider or the Corvette.
good luck brother.
If he did this with Gold or Bitcoin, he'd crash the market......lol.
He is buying a 2023 Z06
I wonder how low you will go with your number of cars. I bet you could keep like seven.
Don't sell your granny's Mercedes, even for a million bucks. You'll regret it.
I want to know how much debt he is carrying total for this fleet.
Urination Bob
Your GT350 is the fugliest one I've ever seen, but $48k is a very good deal.
Another stupid click bait title? Or did his Freddies close down and parents stop giving him money?  I liked the channel for a while, but then he got super annoying with his fake titles, his complaining about being rich or allegedly not having enough money, and then his support for electric cars. So I haven't been watching in a while, so interesting to see this. Not surprised he's gonna go with liberal rag Motor Trend. I won't be watching.
This was an insane episode. I loved it!
Something fishy is going on in youtube auto world, they are all selling their cars on the exact same way. Its realy weird, do they know something we dont know.
Strange that in US JEEP Grand Cherokee prices are so up... in Estonia (for all places on planet!) I was offered 2000EUR (2300USD) for my 97 Grand Cherockee, 2" lift, off-road tires, difflock on front axel and rebuilt LSD in rear axel, 5.2L engine rebuilt, rebuilt gearbox and rebult distributor box... No poin tto sell.  One would think that here in eastern europe the prices of old US cars are high and in the usa those cars cost cents, but this guy might just be fooling around as he usually does.
3 cars in and I can tell that everything he talks about will consist of “please don’t buy it” and an expensive price
Nice line up of CRs in the hangar
When you own  something  that you don't use but can't bring yourself  to part with it you no longer own it , it owns you , just sell the lot  " except "   your grandmothers car and move on .
overextended on credit I see
WHAT ARE YOU 3 UP TOO
if I buy one, can I get a discount for the 8 ads I had to watch?
I wonder what would disappoint Tyler more, if he received offers on every car or if he received no offers on any of them?
Tyler......why are you being a sheep and following what Ed and Freddy are doing??
ELSEHWERE?
They are certainly priced like he doesn't want to sell them!!! A few of them were close to reasonable
I’ll take the Beck! Email sent.
Looks like Wizard isn't happy Hoesn't want hoovie 2 sell anything bc not only does he still have bills 2 pay 4 the cars he's fixing but also how is he going 2 find another yacht
Did someone count the total amount of money that Hoovie wants to get for his fleet?
Waiting for an email reply :) fingers crossed!
Hoovie “I’m selling my entire fleet”. Wizard “Hold my beer. Time to file for bankruptcy”
Please Don't Sell the BMW dream team!!! You just got it :(
That 456 is about to move quick lol. A gated V12 Ferrari for well under 100k isn’t bad at all. I feel like that Countach is priced out of reach for a reason lol, you can tell which cars Hoovie actually wants to dump and which ones he’s doing his best to keep
Funny that neither is using cars n bids 😂
That sprite is never going  to sell you can buy today in UK low mileage none restored original $20000
Who gets a 450 SL when they're 16? Are you from a family of billionaires? Where do you get all your money  (and can I have some)???
Car salesman go figure.
Hoovie should do a cameo on the series Hoarders.
Fuel 40 cars, check the tires, wash them , charge the battery, drive them around the block, vacuum the interior, wash the windshield, tow them to the Wizards ... more than a FULL TIME  job - how much time to sell 40 rigs ?
Would love to buy the Jurassic Park Jeep but sadly out of my price range. GLWS Hoovie!
Forgot to mention the “custom” hole wizard cut in the center panel to replace the transmission part y’all forgot to check at the beginning of the project on the 2006 Lambo.
That’s 40 cars that he admits to owning - how about a tour of the other warehouse with the ‘secret’ cars that he doesn’t admit to ... ?
Keep list: Diablo, GT350, Ferrari 348, Vette, Z8, Spyder, Apollo 911, (really, Hoovie, if you sell the Spyder and the Apollo, Weeezard will never help you with any other car project) pretty much all of the "Inside Cars" I mean, there's a reason they're the Inside cars, those are special, everything else is fairly mundane, cept for the AMG and the 500SL, 10 bad ass cars in your fleet, you'll be happier and pay more attention to the cooler ones.  It's the Plight of the Collector, get too much and then you almost cant really enjoy any of it.
Anyone having any luck with the email? I’m sure he’s getting flooded with responses. I haven’t heard back yet.
How is that used to grand Cherokee worth $12,000? I was gonna say like six
The way things are you stand to make some serious money , what's next electric ?
So, Ed liquidated, Tyler is liquidating, and Freddy is liquidating... this is sad
You're going to miss the 348 if it sells
restore the E36 M3
$2,325,000 total.   Not including grams benz for $1,000,000   It's Good to be Hoovie...
This video reminds me he's a used car salesman.... we all avoid them, so why so many views?
Ms Tyler and Ms Freddy sales all they cars in same time ? Something VERY Big is in progress !!!;))
$35k for a 1994 Wrangler?
I'm done with hoovie, this is just terrible.
Not using cars and bids… wow spicy… how did daddy Doug hurt you?
Glad you are keeping the Mercedes
12k for the red jeep 🧐🧐
👍🏼💯🔥
So much BS just to make a video
Wheres the miata????
Can't help but feel that this is a REALLY big mistake...  Seriously, a bunch of these cars you're most likely never going to be able to replace once you sell them, especially if you start missing them.  I know I'd be devastated if I ever sold my El Camino (granted they're more plentiful, but it's more a sentimental thing since it was my first car.)
Please someone buy the Hummer so that we don't have to endure any more videos of that embarrassing turd!
You selling all cars = Wizard going bankruptcy
If Hoovie had to sell 39 of his 40 cars which one would you want him to keep and why?  Comment below......
Quite a few of these have prices that are out of line, even in today's market
I really with I had $15,000 for the Escalade
Both he and tavarish are doing this. Except tavarish is buying a chiron
I feel like a kid whose parents are getting divorced.
the used market is so hot right no you are making the best decision possible!!   good luck!
You forgot the jeep wagoneer
Could be a smart time to sell as the car bubble is likely to burst.
0:18 I laughed so hard!
I hope this wasn't your sales technique when you had a dealeship!
Everyone is liquidating their car, I smell a hyper car line up coming from Tyler, Ed and Freddy 🤔
You missed the woodie wagon ford country Squire?
I got 2,408,500$ besides the 1 million dollar Mercedes.
So that’s BMW’s so you have nothing to do with them.  RIGHT!!!
Thought prices were good, even a little low on some until you got to the  pimp my ride barn 😳
he should sell them all except for that ferrari 348TS    that one is special
I really love watching your channel but I really feel it's good to sell uninteresting cars, so about 35 of the cars. Who cares about a Hummer H1 etc, totally fallen out of time, good move to get ride of stuff like that.
Every time you say all for sale you should put that in air quotes.
Don't sell the 'vette Tyler.
Omg... that merc 280 4.5.. drove one to Colorado and back during the airline strike a million years ago. Absolutely fantastic car in every way.. Literally felt like you could get out and walk next to it at 100 mph.
Everything’s is for sale ≠ I’m selling them all.  He’ll sell as many as he needs to, but not every one.
Your prices are high af man, 12k for a Cherokee with a rear main seal leak and 20k for a 7 series? 5k max!
You ever get that feeling? De ja vu?
A Murciélago with structural damage for $180K. Sure…
I got 20 bucks for a car Hoovie something practical thanks man
Some of these prices were super cheap
"I Dont Want To Sell but Heres The Price"
Drinking game: take a shot every time Hoovie says - "Please dont buy this!"
Freddie and Ed selling their fleets too. This involves a future season of CarTrek, no doubt.  Bugatti? F1?
Next video title “I bought the cheapest submarine in the US”
Getting divorced?
When you don't sell anything and in 5 years time you're broke because you spent all your money on ICE instead of electric be sure to post an update!
I can understand parting with a large part of the collection to make space, but the entire thing??? The Wizard should've hit you with something heavier! :p
Wait, are they all for sale or not?? “Please don’t buy it please don’t buy it please don’t buy it”
Vehicles , not cars
Why don't you just rent some of the cars?
I call B.S. !! You always change your mind at the last minute. I would have to hire a lawyer to make a sale on one of your cars . You’re such a tease !! ❤️😂👌
a viewer commented this collection is worth over $2M, but what is the total investment & profit after expenses. This 'collection' is a hobby & a very expensive one. There are maybe 5 collectables worth keeping. Factor in initial costs, repairs, parts, labor, maintenance, real estate for storage, 3rd party storage, transportation, auction fees, insurance, the list goes on. Lucky he breaks even. Bitcoin was the better bet for me.
You're going to regret this.
Keep the z8 man…
Where did the Miata go?
How about the Vintage dirt bikes are they for sale
How long before Hoovie blows off John Tamarian again on the countach? 🤣🤣
Next on Hoovies Garage: The world's cheapest Lürssen
https://youtu.be/gpcNYN350yc
The IRS probably has the hoovie by the balls ! 😂😂😂😂 time to pay up biatch 😂😂😂😂
Hoovie I really need your e36 m3
3000 for the pimp my ride van
Wut is happeningggg… no you’re not selling. Daddy Doug is running free listings and these would all be perfect on that platform. Come on dish, what’s really happening? 🤪
A Hoovie car liquidation… ALL CARS MUST GO….   Also, please don’t make me an offer on half of these cars because I don’t want to let them go…
So…. Does Hoovie have a drug problem or what????
Even though I do like this channel.. but this goes to show this is all about making money! and nothing more 🤦‍♂️.... can't imagine Harry Metcalfe or Jay Leno doing this as their cars are like their children and is more about a genuine attachment and love of cars... much more than making a quick buck! 🙄  once a used car salesmen always a... sell their own mother salesmen.
Sell them all and keep only one.  And make sure it’s really a hooptie.   The real hooptie life means that is your only vehicle because that’s all you can afford.    Document that on YouTube.  Now that would be reality TV.
Insanity
Pppppfff, that trans am will sell for 8500 in the end... Edit: Both
How to get rich from youtube in 5 years
All those supercars, but my eye is constantly drawn to the smiley face of the  little frog eye sprite.
I’ll do 139k for the murciélago
The bmw silver paint should automatically discount 7k.  Just viewing it makes you sterile...
First Ed sold his.  Then Tavarish listed all of his for sale.  Now Hoovie.  I’m sensing a pattern here.
hehe i like the kick he did
10 grand for a pink POS caravan. No thanks.
Tell stradman he will buy the Lamborghini lol
That suzuki would go for 16,000 in Puerto Rico,  nice collection
WOW very interesting super kool ,1st class great info.,,, AAAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++ again great video I liked it a lot ,keep up the great work.
You say goodbye,  I say hello.  Hello Hello
selling everything?? divorce??
HOOV!!!  I want that Mustang!!!
So what’s the total value of what he wants to sell
Best i can do is three fiddy.
I don't think "elsehwere" is a word.
I calculated the total profit that Hoovie would get from selling his entire hooptie fleet and the total profit he would get, selling ALL of his vehicles comes to $3,312,000
I like how his first car is "for sale" at a reasonable price of 1 million dollars. Someone should buy it just to see the regret :))
You can make a jurassic park jeep for less
Did this dude go insane or something??  His prices for his cars are way way way too high! This is pretty pathetic honestly.  Guy wants $19,000 for an old ass BMW M3 with a dead motor pretty much with all the miles!? You can find those POS cars on craigs list for like 500 to 3000 dollars lol. Fail! $12000 for a 95 jeep grand cherokee with 120,000 miles! With big leaking issues and a lot of work to be done. That is insane!!! You can find one better for about 1200 bucks LMAO! And I live pretty close to this guy irl. I see these for sale a lot for way less around here.  Guy is trying to cash out lol.
Where is the red NSX?
A reminder that everything is for sale, always, for the right price.
If you were hiring they call me the get it done guy.
Vinwiki, freddy, goon squad and multiple other YouTubers selling all their cars. What's going on?
just keep the diablo and the gullwing mercedes
Oh, it's that time of the year again? It's getting old.
Hold me back
I could go like $99k on the Diablo but that would be it, not a penny more, anything else just doesn't make any sense to me. I have to get it framed, it takes up room in the shop, I have a business to run. Yup Rick that's top of the mark. Yeah dude 99k or you can haul it out..
DO NOT SELL YOUR GRANDMA BENZ!
Did you and Tavarish lose a CarTrek challenge which "obliged" to list all of your cars for sale?
More people will do this as the time gets closers when all cars will be banned.
Glad to see you go. Dumbest is correct!
Will there be an updated list as to what has sold so we don't waste your time asking if a certain car is available?
Bullshit Tyler.  You know you will never sell the lot.  You don't want to.  It makes for a very entertaining video by a complete lunatic.  You will be happy if you thin the herd a bit (but don't sell the Z8 or the Diablo).  Keep the cream and quit the rest.
Have you contacted urinary tract infection Bob?
$2,394,500M for all the cars combined
tyler's confirmed net worth: $3,413,500 USD
I only wish I could buy one of those cars..... Really like the Suburban! The 79 T/A is nice too.....
I wish I could afford the 2000 Trans am right now. Great value for that one and the 79. I love Pontiacs
Hoovie,  is your wife behind this ?
If only i wasn’t broke, that 740i would be in my garage
WHAT ARE YOU AND TAVARISH DOING!!?!?
Tyler : sells 40 cars, 25min video Tavarish : Sells 4 cars, 40 min video
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
OMG!!! I wish I lived in the US.
I’m wondering if he’s got his eyes on the same Bugatti that Tavarish is interested in?
damn I wish I would live in the usa and could buy these cars
So, none of the good cars are actually for sale.  Hmmmm
Man I wish I could pick up some of those cars. I happy to be suck with my 72 Chevy luv, a 93 dodge dakota, and a 16 jeep patriot. One day I dream of having 40 nice cars.
My OCD kicked in, and I couldn't help but notice the spelling error after the email - I won't respond elsehwere! But in all seriousness, I'm interested to see which ones actually leave the fleet and what replaces them, I love watching this channel.
You guys realise after he sells all 40 cars, he's just going to buy another 40 different cars LOL
Sounds like somebody seeing the market soften up and is looking to get out before he stuck under on his vehicles
In the end, you are just another greedy ex-car dealer. Ridiculous prices; cashing in on your celebrity. YouTubers are some of the most money-minded jerks out there.
Hoovie, please don’t sell your favorite car.
Yahoo email… you’re not a boomer !
Stupid video
I like how all these Youtube guys are all deciding to sell when the market is crazy high for everything!  You never buy when the market is crazy like this! We can all thank our CLOWN President for all this insanity! The housing prices,Gas Prices, Food Prices, and now they want to give every illegal's all your TAX Money!
For views and content, the burnt 2019 Bugatti Chiron currently at copper will be great. But it’s more stressful to own than all of these 40 cars you have.  But I have a feeling we’ll see it soon either here or Taverish’s
Where is the bmw e30 ? 🤔
I was thinking the prices would be out to lunch as a clickbait but to be honest they're fair prices and don't have any buyer's fee like BAT. Subbed
It kinda hurts... The memories with all the cars are just amazing. Best of luck for the future!
Low key just flexing lol. Couple million in cars no big deal
After watching the channel in the abuse he puts in these cars they're all way overpriced specially the normal everyday cars that you see everywhere
Ed: Everything is for sale. Hoovies: Everything is for sale. Tavarish: Everything is for sale.  Wow... Something's brewing.
Used to love hoovie but he become so commercialised and don't like him following other trends
I can't even get a ride to the store.
I take em all ! ... oh wait, still broke .. nevermind
You can open a dealership at this point 😂
what happened to your apollo 911 and purple porsche?
does the outrun arcade game work? how much for that????
Did anyone add up the values?
So, where's your daughter's purple 911
Please keep the Countach PLEASE!!!
Hoovie  gets a R1T. Hoovie gets a R1T. Mark my words
$ 2.413.500 + The SL
Here's a soft-top vintage 327 Corvette coming up for sale. It can be friends with your 427.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWZUmvE8UDw
Whatsup with the "please don't buy it"
It looks like since he got a show on a channel or some how his channel isnt growing he claims to sell things with high prices and then also says dont buy it?. Its been a long time since I watched this channel it became a little stuck and the funny thing about it was that he truggled to buy things and cheap things now it became another youtube channel its a shame!
So just a cool $2.2m collection for hoovie. Not including the 500sl.. can't wait to see the most expensive hooptie in the world in the coming weeks!
That yellow Hummer isn't even worth that much anymore. lol
Is this a CarTrek challenge? The most inquiries wins?
Most cars he selling is over priced 😂
Why not invest some of the proceeds of the car sales into  into buying some collectable watches. Easier and cheaper to keep and store. Just a suggestion!
97 camaro is 30th anniversary, not 25th
Hoovie: im selling EVERYTHING!  Also Hoovie: PLEEEASEEEE DONT BUYYY IIIT
This whole fire-sale sounds fishy....I'm I gonna see hoovie on the news???
they know the car market is going to drop soon
what do you want for that Mercedes power wheels?
All you need to do is sell 490.000$ worth of cars to get that fire damaged  Bugatti Chiron!
Hello Hoovie, congratulations on your car collection. Hope you get to sell them all. God bless!
Are you pulling a wizard and buying a yacht?
Did you say "MAACO"? Ah oh....better call....MAACO?
Good riddance, accumulating that much shit is not gonna comfort you on your death bed. People could learn a valuable lesson though. Even if you buy your "dream car", youll just want another.  Stop perpetually wanting more. If you get a lambo and a daily driver and you arent satisfied youll never be. Dont ignore your loved ones for metal boxes with wheels. Im speaking in general, this guy seems pretty cool.
Ill have your house
maybe because he doesn't wanna get raided like Omi?
You're getting divorced? 🤣
*now if I had the cash, I’d buy the Maybach*
So its official, top of the car market is in!
I am Devastated you are selling your Lamborghinis I was really hoping to see you post some videos of you driving them to events and showing them off... I really LOVE you Diablo Roadster...
Take the whole fleet for the low, low price of $3,325,000.  A real bargain!
Car youtuber salling every think
Hello you could earn more money by raffling 1 car, I don't know what this would be called in the US but it's like making tickets, but you need to do it legal before some papers and etc... , you just need to have the item in perfect condition. It will make more money than just selling them, whoever wins the raffle could also spend a day with you, make some video and things like that, greetings :)
Ah, so the tax man has cometh for Hoovie
I'd keep the blue Vette, orange Lambo and white sls. Sell the rest except grans car 😁
Interesting that the z8 is the most expensive car he’s bought at 200k+, and yet the two lambos are going for far more than that. Clearly got some sort of deal of the century and that’s why he never disclosed how much he bought them for hahah
$2.4 mil in the garage, $25k at Ninja's, $92k in the barn, $366.5k in the hangar (not including grandma's Mercedes), $503k at the Wizard's... Every car he owns for the low low price of $3.35 million dollars
Smart idea! Sell all the cars before the market pops! And buy them back for way cheaper in a year or so.
Please don’t buy it and continues to over price his cars because we have to pay more for the fact that he doesn’t want to buy it . Then keep it all.
i think hoovie is underselling  1. the hummer massively (nowadays they usually go for $115000) 2. the model s (mostly goes for $30000-$35000) 3. the Maybach (usually goes for $50000-$60000) 4. the BMW 740i (usually goes for $10000-$15000) And is overcharging for  1. the Sprite (mostly goes for $10000-$20000 max).  But other prices are very reasonable, and the car collection is absolutely massive and tasteful, especially that Murciélago and the Beck Spider.
Elsehwere?
The reason why I stoped watching your show was because that ninja guy .
Why aren't you on cars and bids????. Trying to sell your shit bombs someplace else??..lol none of your old cars are original so there worth half the price you're asking.
Do a fan give away for the Lamborghini without your fans you would be nothing it’s time to give back
Is the IRS coming after YouTubers or something? Ed, Tavarish, Hoovie.
You don't need to sell any of those. You only need to hire someone to help you to maintain this collection. Someone who loves cars and knows the job!!! And problem solved!!!
I can only imagine Hoovie's finger hovering over the upload video button on youtube knowing that once the video goes out thats it...hard thing to do.
Sell your most expensive car take the money and seek out poor ppl and give them the money and don't seek recognition for doing so.
Keep the Corvette, the Austin Healey Bugeye, the Bentley Convertible, The Suburban(Both), The Hummer, the Chevy Van,The MB 3.5 and Grams' 450 SL  Sell the rest And BURN that Damn puke Green Mustang (just another Junk Ford Falcon).
Absolutely DO NOT sell that Countach!!!!  You will regret it!
It was a great journey! I am part of it since the fall of 2018.
...but what to do with the over 2.0 M $ after sale???
Well it's not like you're filming those cars anyway...still hurts selling them though
I’d love the hummer but I got 8 dollars in my account lol better luck next time I guess
I want Maybach.
So sad your selling that Countach. That's a once in a lifetime buy. It's what originally drew me to your channel, I loved watching you get so excited over it and it felt like I was living the dream through you. Totally heartbroken, but if you need the cash, your the owner and it's your choice.
did  anyone buy already?
Not the lamborghini Countach....
Thats 2.3 Million $ in cars. Holy Shit. Contrary to what he says all the time, Hoovie is not bad with money and not stupid. Otherwise he wouldnt have gotten here.  (Of course this total $-sum doesnt include his Mercedes 500SL euro)
Selling 40 is bad enough, I own over 100 and am trying to downsize to around 40 and it's tedious.
Hoovies conclusion: Don't buy any of my cars 🙏🏼
$3.325m... almost like Jay Leno's garage :-)
He's selling everything for Shiba
Free shipping? 🤞😂
Dear friend, I’m currently on the ISS for the next 6 months. Would you take PayPal? I’ll arrange the shipping…
Pls buy a good mic 🎤
I wonder if he has a bicycle stored somewhere???  That's the only thing I could afford...
If it helps i could babysit any of those cars, just ship it to Holland lol.
Several are for collection, some like escalade are good daily runner
My expectation was from the day 1 you buy shitty cars because you want to fix them by a bit and then sell. Perfect business plan :-) I am also buying cars for me, but only the ones I really want to have in my collection and only in pristine condition. Hoping you will do the same and we will be able to see some great pieces in the future.
Hi Tylor can you give mi one car like present pls 😁 i am your big fun from SLOVAKIA. And You can my guest in EUROPE
Motor Trend is for gays. Don't forget to wave that rainbow flag or get canceled. Lets go Brandon!!!
Can I get one for free sir ?
What a load of mostly shit cars.
ok, so Tavarish is selling in the same manner because of the Bugatti(allegedly) . I wonder what do you have in mind next?
AAAAAAAND THE RICH KEEP GETTING RICHER...
PLEASE dont sell the 348!
Yeah it's got to be a 300sl!
He is telling you guys there is something wrong with the cars and if you buy them he can clear point out in this video I  told these fools not to buy this car...It's not and attachment you can save that drama for someone else that's will to believe that foolishness. I would never say not to buy something of mines if I had 40 Items for sell to every Item. Come on people wake up...The maintenance is killing him to keep all these cars running in tip top shape so what better way is to post them all of YouTube for sell?
$2,423,500 for anyone who was wondering (not including the $1m 500SL)
I remember when you hit 11 cars… I thought, “I can top that!” And I did! But then you just kept going!!!😢🤦‍♂️
The real tittle of the video: I'm selling all my cars exepct the ones I don't want to sell unless you pay me double for them
I am SO curious what the collective plan is between ED, Freddy and Tyler...
Is it just me who thinks Tyler is buying a Bugatti 🧐🤔🤔
Actually this happen a little bit late. After Ed Bolian and Tavarish selling all of their cars we all expect from to do the same thing.
Let's remove 30 Million pounds of trash from the oceans together! Check out the Crowdfunding campaign #TeamSeas :)
A guy with all these cars and sheds but can't find a wind sock for the microphone? I'll take the red hog nosed Chevy. SOLD.
Just for clarity, James Dean didn’t “kill himself” in his 550, he wasn’t even driving the car that the time of the accident. The Porsche was being driven by his mechanic at the time of the accident (who survived).
Tyler preemptive action before Brandon's release the old hag yeller to tax unrealized capital gain.
hoovie going bankrupt? or strarting a new collection i think so
Even Grandma’s Mercedes convertible?
I wanted to buy your Lexus es300 manual. Please let me know. Thanks.
Damn I love that TA 🤤
So you need 2,5 million dollars, hoov. What the hell have you done? Lol!
Man is living life like it's GTA 5
Serious question, why the fuck are you selling cars that you don't want to get rid of?
For anyone who is wondering:  $2,413,500.
I want the Ferrari but can only afford the z3 🤣  Fml
I see a burned up Bugatti, owned by El Alfa El JeFe… in Hoovies future
"But please don't buy."
Can I have a car ? 🤭 I need just one
That wagoneer for 15K 😥 I’m in Europe, if I wasn’t I’d buy it right away.. that’s a steal..
The e36 M3 is a bargain ...
Can anyone explain to me why a lot of car based youtubers are having a clearing out sale? Is it a thing now or have I missed something?
So if he sells all cars (except the grandfather`s car) its a total of $2 408 500  OUCH!
2.4 Million In total
You mean a Ford probe
I wanna know what cracked up plant did you 3 lick in the desert filming car trek 6, to cause all 3 of you to start your own fire sales 😂
who the fuck uses yahoo mail?
I get it, sell the lot - but the 348, really?
It'll hurt to see the Countach go.  Very curious to see what ends up selling.
Ninja is just an nice, knowledgeable and down to earth, humble mechanic...There you have it!
I was wondering who was still using yahoo in 2021, there we go, that's him
Ah you too are buying a Bugatti I see XD
i would go broke just paying the insurance for them :D
I‘m selling all my cars and asking crazy prices to end up keeping them all 🙈
The dream team can only be sold as the dream team, no separations, huge value to the right buyer, even bmw might want them back for a photo shoot or something
I got a Mercedes for my 16th birthday too!
Apollo 911 appears to be missing?
What happened to the Woody?
Completely lost touch with this channel at this point. Miss the old days and that’s true for Tavarish‘s channel too.
Me too I am selling my beloved Acura TL SH-AWD 6SP MT and I wish I had 40 cars to sell...!
I think that sometimes it's better to have more money than more wheels :)
This is satisfying
I think that some of these cars would be very nice doing postal deliveries here in Europe, what's the shipping costs looking like?
He needs to hire some drivers to keep these babies running.
66 Vette?
what happened to the g wagon?
Back in the day when I was VERY young we referred  to it as a " bug eye " Sprite. Just Saying.
when fred, ed, and eddy(hoovie) are all doing the same thing, you know something is up. new car trek? personal bet? who knows but i am very interested in seeing where this goes.
Sell them all,  Except the Countach! Not only is it a legendary icon, it will only continue going up in value.
According to my calculations if you want to buy his whole fleet you’ll have to pay $2,288,500
This guy is the second worst auto-tuber behind Tavarish.  If Hoovey has an original idea, I'll actually watch a sweaty Freddy video.
Kinda like that caddy for the price.
If the z8 is the new hotness then the sl old busted
KEEP THE Z8 SELL THE M5 and 740i
Congrats! Did this recently with vintage computers, just purged literally everything at dirt cheap prices. Feels good to have my living space back. lol
Elliot better make room for 40 cars since he aways buys Hoovie's discarded excrement...with his teeth firmly swingin' on Hoovie's sack.
No!
That wasn't 40 cars. I have the count.  Who wants to verify?
What if Hoovie runs away and we never see him again?
I want the blazer what’s the price
Wanna buy fj cruiser ?
Hoovie trying to hit the bid for a lot of these cars, $50k for a Bentley Azure? Seems low!
Good luck
don't sell the lambos.
Did Ed Bolian suddenly realize that you are all sitting on normally illiquid assets (used enthusiast model cars) and there's never been a time used cars have been closer in price to new lol
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Can I sell you 40 cars or trucks  maybe vans?
Reverse psychology game strong 💪
Cars and Bids
Some of the prices you’ll be keeping a lot… ELSEHWERE
Hoovie's Lambo for sale? Curated rubbing their hands.
He also wants to buy bugatti
Where is the flashing blue light, the inflatable guy, the search lights
In less than 15 years time, all those cars but the Tesla will be banned where I live. Hooptie...
Another divorce
Car Wizard, "Bad Hoovie" wack! 😂🤣🤣🤣
I’ll take the 2003 BMW 4.6is X5. Definitely interested
Why are all three doing this
Good Luck to Hoovies Garage.....Make them disappear..
Don't be like me, I'm dumb. If having enough money to buy, maintain insure, store and fuel 40 cars is dumb... I'd like to be dumb too!
Good luck  Wizard won’t be happy, no more boat money 💰
This is all Brandons fault!
You can't sell the Austin!...
LOL These guys are going to crash the market
Hoovie cashing in on the Hot used car market!
Drinking game: take a shot every time Tyler says, “don’t buy it”.
car prices went significantly up and here hoovies goes, selling everythigng super overpriced, nice try hoovie, nice try, thought u made pretty decent money from all these youtube videos + the side shows you doin... hahah nice try again
Good timing. Luxury market is going insane and wont last long.
Stradman, are you watching?
I'll give you 10k for the R/T right now.
I can afford some of these... in cash. Years ago not so much.
Burlacher, there’s the next mustang build 🤣
Sign #1 that he’s not serious about selling them? He’s not putting them up on cars&bids 😏
$10k for the bead machine?!
how much for the pedal car?......might be able to afford that
With the money he makes by selling cars, he can buy a dictionary to learn how to spell "ELSEWHERE"
Your not gonna sell much because Your stuff is all 25%+ overpriced!
$2,413,500… coz he would NEVER sell his grandmother’s car
Keep the Countach!!! You will regret selling it!!!
Too many YouTubers(who frankly know better then me) are selling their collections, and as you’ve probably heard if you watch more then one car channel, the used market is booming.   What goes up just come down. This is def my signal to just sell my extras
there's a crash coming... everyone knows it.
I. Friggin. Love. the Suzuki at 21:12. If it was left-hand drive I'd 7000% buy it at that price.
Yo
I'm sure You realize just about all Your vehicles are overpriced junk !
Things you can't unsee:  The Car Wizard is the grown-up kid who played Tom Hanks best friend in the movie Big
this is a challenge on car trek and ur all getting baited
$400 per car.
Hoovies going electric ⚡️
Selling everything? Also all the ads in video? Loan shark come knocking?
Is Jay interested in any of these?
The new decentralized financial system is willing to pay more for chips when compared to the automotive sector because the chips can basically print money during the transition. The auto sector will have to pay more to make cars with chips. This will push car prices up a lot and keep used cars in higher demand during the transition.
The Wizard's power is draining.
That is $2.325M asking price for the whole collection minus his first car and the Camaro that is already sold
Tyler, do NOT tempt me with some of these vehicles..I don't need this right now. But I do want one of them. WHY
Did I miss the Wagoneer?
Cars and bids? Ever heard of it ????
Great time to sell. I think you should just have a few cars in the fleet and keep rotating cars for content. Too much capital tied up.
Credibility issue now
I have a 6 speed 01 Miata with the optional LSD and under 100k miles if you want to trade for that countach. You know the value is going up.
Bad Hoovie 😡👀
Lol. You're a bit high
you know someone will pay yopur price ebcause its your car. f
I don't need to say it because P.T. Barnum said it years ago:  "There's a sucker born every minute"  If anyone who pays what he is asking for most of the cars is a "sucker"!  Just because the owner is Tyler Hoovie makes the cars no more special than the average car enthusiast!
As much as I'd love that trans am, I'm glad you're asking for realistic prices for these as opposed to making more and more poor financial decisions. I know I can't afford it but whoever ends up with it (and everything else), I hope they treasure them
If only I had more money than sense.
I'm sorry, did you just say you presold a car to "Bob... Urination Bob"??
I'm calling this click bait.  I think Hoovies Garage has pretty much run its course. Too bad.
Almost everything "hooptie" still unobtainium to me.  Damn, I am a bum
IMHO the green mustang is the best deal at 40 somthing right?
12000 for that Cherokee? That’s crazy, I expected like 2 grand.
I used to subscribe, but he is such a used car salesman and bullshitter. No Thanks
Can't tell if this was a low key flex or serious
hey i know you proabably wont see this but did you happen to be driving through arkasas in your chevy conversion van a few weeks ago? if so i saw you at a stoplight im a huge fan thanks.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT APOLLO 911!!!!!!!!
Wow, big premium for bunch of hoopties.    Evidently they are not hoopties after all.
Please reconsider your decision. You can't sell all of them, you will regret it! Keep the Countach!
Ok gentlemen, after seeing 5 of these videos posted today - buy canned goods, weapons and empty water tanks. Shit is going to hit the fan bigtime...
What’s going on! Hoovies, Tavarish and Ed are selling all their fleet… is that a Cartrek challenge?
this is so sad
Just see your Jimny,and that's so cool
If you ever want to sell your pinball machine....I'm always in the market 😁
Hey look at that I'm watching 12hours after  time and hoovies trending #26
He’s selling cause used cars up 30% right now
How to tell when a tuber is in over his head lol
Sell it all, put the money into bitcoin, wait 10 years, retire very very comfortably.
i dont have money to buy any of there, but i hope he gets some really cool new cars
Oh for those keeping track at home, yes 41 cars listed. but I'm removing Hoovies first car because your a monster if you buy that soo yes 40 available cars. we where at like 37 cars when wizard hit him for it.. We started of strong at 0.6 Million dollars after the first 3 cars. The diablo and the countach are worth about the same but I like the diablo more...  I should of been keeping more track of cars in locations buuut TL;DR that's $2,343,500 In cars.. So not bad, but not grate. The lowest is 5k but there are some good cars in here for 8k If I had the scratch lying around and lived in the same country I would totally buy the Diablo and the buss seat Ferrari..
Whaaattt?   No free set of Ginsu Steak Knives?   But wait, there’s more!
Admit it, you sell your cars because the price will start droping in the next month or december.
Hoovie has the right idea, sell now while prices are high.  Cause when this bubble bursts and the economy tanks, man is it gonna be ugly.  Especially for the jokers on Bring a Trailer bidding up junk like a Geo Metro to $12,000 right now.
im selling all my cars too, but dont buy them either lol
has motortrend fixed the streaming/buffering issues in Australia yet?
The Wizard cut off Hoovie. Let's face it an intervention was long overdue.  Word on the street is he's going all in on used Rovers.
1985 Mercedes 500SL euro, 130k mi, my first car $1million my god, i hope he gets what he needs
I was scared 😟, I thought he was stopping doing YouTube!!!! It’s great that he’s not!!!!!
That beck spyder is possibly the most attention grabbing and one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen! I’ve never seen one on the road. 60k seems like a steal to me!
Holy shit those prices make me wish I lived in the US.
2.413 million in total  Not including his grandma Mercedes
Damn I want that Beck Speedster !!!!!
Keep the Blazer!!!
Everybody is selling in everything on YouTube
Lol, Apollo 911 - $60k  That's not how much it's worth, that's how much you need to pry the keys from Hoovie's hands. I love how we can tell how much he doesn't want to sell some of these by the pricing. The Z8 and Apollo 911 aren't going anywhere.
I will take....none of them...Now, if you had a Cherry Ford Aerostar with a 3.0 engine...Well...
Get rid of the old luxury cars like Bentley and garden variety BMWs and Mercedes. Tesla, Hummer, Vans and SUVs. They're just old luxury cars that are expensive to maintain and have little cachet anymore.  I didn't see any point in getting them in the first place. Keep significant cars like BMW Z8, the Lamborghinis, the Ferraris and the 427 Corvette.
Elsehwere 😂
That first Caddy will be disappearing quick.
Looks like a lot of car Youtuber is selling their cars.
Ive never seen elsewhere spelled elsehwere :) .. Must be 10 thousand alone, just for that :)
Well guess what I’m buying The Whole list
Why? Pick one: 1. Wife is about to take him to the cleaners. 2.  IRS is about to take him to the cleaners. 3. Cost to store and maintain the fleet has already taken him to the cleaners. (I kid.  Good luck with what's next, Tyler!)
Ed, Tavarish and Hoovie all selling their fleets at the same time for a 3 way shared ownership on a McLaren F1.
Put them on Cars and Bidds lol
I'm selling EVERYTHING!  Don't buy this. Please don't buy this. Don't buy this. LOL
Ur not gonna many cars with prices that high
Wait you’re killing your YT channel!?!
Are you crazy, your prices are absurd, 10 grand for a 1990s minivan with no title!!!!
This is a time where I think some wish  they had some extra pocket change to spend
Ordinarily collections of such interesting yet mostly undesirable cars like this are referred to in the bizzness as junkyards.
I just did the math, all 41 vehicles for a total of $3,413,500!!!
John from Curated is gonna get pissed at you even more looks like 😄😁
😂 good luck 🍀
If you ask me, I think he’ll definitely buy the Mercedes Benz 300SL Gullwing and Lamborghini Aventador Miura Homage.
I want the 348 the rest meh....
Gods. I wish I could buy that beautiful Corvette.
And Hoovie becomes just like every other dealership by inflating his prices. Thanks Hoovie.
i buy cad for 3 dollars?
wonder if the IRS came knocking lol
Where is the Lincoln Mark Mark Mark Mark?
It would be nice to get one of those cars for Free I have no car 😢😢😢😢
Listing 40 cars for sale, then asking to not buy any 😂😂😂 👌
Look up Dennis Collins in Dallas.  He does Jeeps like crazy.  Friend of Gas Monkey, Fired Up Garage.   Super smart guy.   Would be great connection.
I’m sighing along with Hoovie the whole way through
Low key thought this was one of your best videos.  The wheelin’ ‘n dealin’ of pricing off the top of your head is a skill that can’t be taught.
19:45 I always wanted that Firebird😍
Hoovie selling all of his cars at the top of the market.  Smart move
That 740……my dream car.
Did you sell the DeLorean??
If one car youtuber goes to the potty all the other car youtubers go to the potty.
About time you sell out dum dum.... your next vanity plate btw..., sink it all in gold, when  it pays off u can send me 5% dummy
Hoovie: "Don't buy this car"   Me, a junior in college with no money to buy a car: "ok Hoovie"
Dear Mr Hoovie !!  GREAT Vlog .........  Keep It Up ..........  Bless
Let's see.  Strong enough resolve to only limit any inquires to the yahoo address, yet not enough resolve to quit impulse buying of cars.  Tyler my friend you need therapy.
Total asking price on all those cars $2,359,500.00 US - nice work if you can get it.
If you sold all 40 you'd just buy 40 more 😁
It is what it is. I'm selling one of the  most reliable cars I've ever owned. When I do im buying a hooptie to put money into to keep for atleast 9yrs haha
85k for the vette... I’m sold...
Idk man, trying to make fast $$$ off all of the people that have viewed your videos. Meanwhile making $$$ off this video trying to make even more $$$ by selling cars in this used car market. For someone that doesnt do any work on their cars it sure is impressive. Not to be cruel but your channel is similar to how the Kardashians made their money.
Sounds like you need a personal assistant to run these cars around for you.
I want that Escalade
Ooo....i wish i had 8k i would fly out and pick up that Jimny!
I get it. Burn the dollar before the worm turns. I get the hint don’t invest
Guess he finally owes the mafia.
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
I couldn't do it man. God Tier move
Ok. I want to know what is ACTUALLY going on. I’m guessing it’s some stupid cAr TrEk stuff.
Why have we never seen some of these cars?🤔🤔🤔
Wonder why he has to sell all? Atleast keep the lambos, z8 and 348. Keep the 01 740I and Escalade has daily drivers..
Tyler is selling his fleet when used car values normally plummet. Due to Hyper-Inflation and other issues, Tyler will make a small fortune. Congratulations Hoovie!
Hoovie's Black Friday  sale!
The one car I could afford is the one I wouldn’t touch with a 50 foot pole.
I guess all his investments finally paid off. Funny how people with some money maid out like bandits during the pandemic while normal workers lost so much and get to face hyper inflation so will slowly start losing what's left of there money.
I wish I had $20k to buy that Mustang Cobra R.
So your intention is to end up with millions in the bank and no cars?
Impending car bubble bursting, me thinks?
Hoovie get some sleep!
Hoovies Garage needs a car curator!
Selling all your cars isn't being stupid or dumb with the price of cars these days its a smart move
Ferrari for $50,000 it will be sold
Why a yahoo email address though?
You know this is legit when the car ninja is excited about the possibility of buying a Z8. 😢
I remember there being a flathead ford V8 wagon, is that sold and gone already, i dont see it listed?
the end of hoovangelion
Let's be rational---there's at least a few you should keep at all costs. A perfect example is the Sprite. When will you ever find one in that condition that isn't selling for at least double the price of what you paid for yours?
BS Clickbait
What happen with the 911 turbo?
Some fantasy prices on a lot of those cars good luck hope you really don't wanna sell
I want the GT350, Apollo 911, and the SLS AMG.  Can't really afford or justify those, but that's what I would want.
"local millionaire needs room for more cars"
Something fishy is going on.... Freddie is doing the same thing, both episodes dropped within an hour of one another... Hmmmm 🤔
I love that escalade
Sell those cars with me at Gateway Classic Cars in Olathe, KS!!!!
I gotta say, I'll miss seeing that Mustang in the background (my dream car, so that should explain it)
The “crazy cat lady” of cars.
Never mind the cars. What’s with the hanger? Can you give a tour on that.
I wish I could get one🥺
Imagine if Hoovie invested in a Lexus or Toyota v8.... he'd have 4 cars for sale with 2 million miles combined... hasn't Scotty Kilmer had a Toyota Celica for 25 years 😂
You should consider putting them on cars and bids
They’re all chasing the Bugatti
I hope we get to see the BMW dream team altogether before they go?
Bugeye left hand drive. Frogeye right hand drive.
Everyone is selling their car collections.  The car market is just too hot to not sell now.
Elsehwere
Any reason he's selling these?
excluding the sold corvette and the 500SL listed at 1m....that is $2,325,000
your back to car dealing lol
this mans garage is worth $2,413,500
This is probably a sign of a global financial crisis
I thought Cobra R was red only. Looks odd in white. Good luck sir!
Dreamily thinking of my teenage hot girl poster and that Countach......sorry Hoovie I like my house way better than your car.
What's going on with the K/5 Blazer? It was right there in the hanger and Hoovie shunned it like a high school ex
you goddamn better well not sell the riptide blue corvette.
Yeah, it’s definetly for a Gullwing.
Ed Bolian, Tavarish, and now you? What are you guys planning?!
I've always wondered what they do for a living to afford all of those cars, YouTube doesn't pay that well
Better use Cars and Bids or Doug will be upset 😆
Based on all that - when do we see the new 300SL?
So I gotta be honest. I see that you and Tavarish and Ed are selling your collections off and they are good stories... But it really speaks more to greed and business than a love of cars. I would have bought the story if you planned on keeping a few but now I'm not sure you are the guys you portray yourselves as being. And I get it, at the end of the day you are businessmen. But that is not what I want to watch. I want to watch guys who say damn the torpedos I will keep my dream cars. On to the next collector.
Damn I wanted to see the 84 Wagoneer.
Also I’d be willing to trade my 04 Lexus LS 430 for one of your vehicles if you’d be interested
Hoovie: 350 Wizard: I was thinking 390 Me:  Bad Wizard! *Smacks his lovely bald head with a magazine*
no
Well I can’t wait to see that episode because I’ve said to buy an avalanche probably 20 times lol
Sell them all get a Nissan and rest
I laughed out loud when he said $12000 for the Grand Cherokee
What is the grand total of all the cars if they were to sell for their asking price?
Buy a 96 Buick park ave.
What is the grand total if all the cars were to sell?
I hope this is the death of the "Policy Genius 3"
I can smell  a Bugatti and a Rambo Lambo in near future.
Did anyone see anything they would buy for the price he is asking?
So many "please don't buy this"...  Wait, you're selling a truck for 5k? I assume that's already sold by now. 5k gets you a non-running heap
Add up all of these cars and he really has done well for himself.
If you would like to donate one my wife and I would really appreciate it. I have a e46 that needs coolant and breaks that we both working can’t seem to afford. With a new kid anything would help. I can hopefully help pay for something!!!!
Crazy rich Hoovie cashing out?  Not so sure...
Sell them as a YouTube channel starter kit.
I was waiting for the 348 and still waiting I $uppose .. Thats a great price for pure but not for Brandon.
some of this prices are a bit off 12k for a old Cherokee and 11k for a suburban  lol
You want to bid on the bugatti chiron on copart like tavarish and other youtubers
You might make enough money to buy a Prius.
24 mins, no thanks.
The old muscle cars are amazing. The other stuff is junk
Who deposits checks *at a bank*? Phone is more like it, instant availability, too.
Nothing says “I’m serious about this” like using a Yahoo email address in the year 2021.
You forgot about the K5 Blazer
At these prices? Don’t worry you will keep all of them.
I mean I don't care what he does with his cars but I couldn't see him buying any one thing that would replace the satisfaction of having most of these cars. Especially so called "dream cars" and cars you won't be able to replace. Even if he found a way to buy a McClaren F1 for what he wants for all these cars. It'll just sit around. It'll be a good investment. But it won't be as satisfying as some of the cars he had and "loves"
Over priced junk cars only americans would pay and buy
I will never trust a salesman, especially a car salesman.
I'll take them all...I'm going to send you a $ for everyting!
so, the bubble is about to burst ...
Good luck answering all the moronic questions that will follow
Hi, I keep using the word hooptie but my cars are worth millions of dollars
"please don't buy it" is salesman talk for "please buy it".  Not surprised to see you having a sale, it really is time to move along.  While it's nice to own them in theory, reality is you are burning cash like a mad man just to keep 40 cars registered, plated, and insured.  Sell half at least, and then start on new quests with a better bank balance.
I want the X5 I’m glad it’s going to be a while. Gives me time to rack up buying a townhouse so I’m a little strapped for cash.
some of these prices are bonkers, he really doesnt want to sell them....
Like every other yt car channel, nothing new here, electric cars have you guys rattling.
Where’s the GMC Syclone?
You drilled a hole in it I disagree with the price on the merci everything else makes sense. I’m so mad you did that shortsighted considering the value now.
For all the weird math nerds I totaled up the total sale price of all of his cars and it is $1,736,000      Your welcome
Sounds like you are trying to cut a fat hog.  Hope it works for you.  Good luck.
i would sell everything except sl500 z8 its great investment for future and ferrari 456, bmw 740 , 280, gmt gmc
For anyone wondering, Total is $2,322,000, not including his 500SL.
blah blah frlom someone who has to much money....
I'm selling all my cars... But I'm over pricing everything so much that i won't sell anything.. Lol
Had the 05 Escalade. Loved it and rather miss it.
Did anybody add up the total value of the 40 if sold for what he is asking?
Not my dealer well we usually have 1000 on the ground we have 300 now
You and Tavarish copied JR just to give us a fleet update. C’mon Tyler and Freddy!
Did someone put in an order for a new Lambo and needs to free up the funds for when it lands stateside 🤔
The Jimney...
Hoovie I wish I can buy that escalade. Such a beauty for a daily family car.
wheres the 2001 Dakota R/T ?
I knew my gripe with him was real.  He's not a real car guy, he doesn't love the cars he has.  He just loves money and does this for that reason only.  He is NOT a true pure car guy.
I feel all this "selling all my cars" is a part of the next car trek...
gg
Man if I had the money i would jump on that M5 i already have an e46 M3 which took a while to save up to.
👻🎃👻
why did i expect this to happen
Good time to sell, the current administration is going to TAXX the heck out of us!  Just sayin'.  :shrug:
I have 9 bucks in my wallet. What you got?
Why are Ed, Tavarish, and Tyler selling all their cars????🧐
All I watch is YouTube... I subscribe to Hoovie, and Car Wizard.  Have never seen other Hoovie productions.  I'd like to, but are they on teh YouTube?
ъоюююi guess youre going for the 300 sl? :D
Its going to be a cold dark winter. Expect a crash
This sucks I can't buy any of your cars would cost me way to much to ship it to Canada. You got a couple cars I really want
Diablo ❤️
Many of these prices are at the “I’m not actually ready to sell” price level.
This video should be renamed: How To Not Sell 40 cars ever.
How about the Woodie?
Selling all my Hoopties as well. Health problems force sale. Suffering from MRSA and homelessness. Not a great combo. Only four cars all Mercedes Benz Classics. Two W201s  a W124 and a W126. Make you a deal. 10K for all four. $6500 less than they are each posted for. Car Wizard needs more work.
Not a car dealer my ass he’s flipping the lot at 300% profit
New title " prices of cars I mostly don't want to sell "
Hoovie, I'll give ya $100 for the "Pimp My Ride" van, just so you can watch me set it on fire.
Didn’t count Grandma’s car and missed the 7 series price but got a total of $2,394,500 if you sold everything at the price given
I would've just Only Fans'd it until I was red and chafed but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ to each their own
Confessions of a misspent youth, it's a "first world problem" Tyler...
Don’t get rid of the LIMO!!! I want to see more content with it! Please!!!!
Excluding the 500SL, over $2.3 million.
Seems like the next Car Trek is gonna be wildin'
Stradman needs to buy the countach!
How is every YouTuber selling their car collection
Would love a tour of those old Honda Elsinores sometime!
Next sales event will be 300SL Gullwings, yachts,Pagani huayras,bugattis etc
Next week: everything is gone except the Pimp My Ride van.
Well it’s the top of the overpriced used car market. Someone has to call it. Ed, Freddy and now Hoovie selling everything. That has to signal the end of the crazy market prices. Hoovies collection is really 80% junk and 20% expensive exotics that are largely useless to use (especially in Kansas in winter). Don’t listen to their story about selling everything because they want to buy something else - I call BS.  Anyway poor old Tyler needs to get rid of some of this rubbish and start fresh with some new content. The lemon has been squeezed on most of this stuff already...
not the nasa blueee😪
Did he explain why?
19:30 What about the green 70's era Chevy Bronco like truck?
Hoovie went outside and it became a WatchJRgo video... RIP ears!
I want that 7 Series!
Regret incoming
What about the wagoneer?
hahaha love the intro i swear he shouldv slapped you with it😆
Damn, I want that Corvette. Just bought my first home and dumped my entire savings into it, one of the best looking cars ever and in the best color! Thought I’d have another couple years before you sold it haha
Damn I really want that Trans Am
What do Grandma's Mercedes and a tacky customized Dodge Caravan have in common? Both overpriced by a factor of twenty. At least you can justify the SL.   THERES NO TITLE for cryin' out loud. It's not even a parts car...
Gotta sell some off before Janet decides to take money from us because our stuff got more expensive because the Government won't stop the printer.
When the wife finally says enough is enough
I know you're saying "Euronation Bob",  but I always hear "Urination Bob".
What car would you buy if you had the money and buy with your heart?  Btw. Why not an auction with the prices you say as reservation?    I would buy the Z8, 348TS and the Jurassic Wrangler Great choice. Good timing! What result do we expect? Spännande!!
Sounds like you need an assistant.
@Hoovies Garage I was disappointed when you sold the DeLorean, now I'm even more disappointed that you're gutting the entire Fleet.
omg i thought this was clickbait its real?? even the riptide blue escalade and the 2001 bmws???? wow
Z3 ? What I need sale to make space for it? Something from garage,driveway,parked by neighbors or on street? 🤔
Jhon Temerian's gonna be so mad at you hoovie! 😁
Love ur channel but a 66 non numbers matching vett even in a big block ain’t worth 85  numbers matching all day
What about Grandma's Merc?
Not a single one of these is going on Cars And Bids? Better hope Doug doesn't watch this.
16:43 That's the car that immediately came to mind for me. There's no way Hoovie is gonna sell that thing!
Even your grandma's benz?
Car trek is not my fav seems fake and too staged. Thank you for continuing to stay true to your content. I miss good content from Freddy and Gerard
God is good repent Dios los ama God is coming Dios viene!
Not a hooptie in that fleet.
I offered ya 4 for the z3 before you worked on it ! Ya definitely nuts. No offense intended, but damn.
prices are crashing fast better sell em faster
Time for a JDM collection.
Hoovie: "I'm selling all my cars!" Wizard: "I'm gonna need a smaller boat."
Summation: “Please don’t buy it…”
Love the Trans Am.
Wizard is in shock. He needs Hoovies repair bill money for the new yacht he put a down payment on.
Yeh...that's gettin bad. 😳
What is the Car Wizard going to do? The toilets must be flushing on overdrive at his shop.
If Hoovie list some of his fleet on Cars & Bids, that would be even cooler!
When you realise half of Hoovie hooptie are not hooptie at all
Jumping on the bandwagon i see, everyone is selling their cars
“Elsehwere” lol. Hoovie, you need some sleep Sir 🙃 Best of luck with the sales of the fleet, some of the prices were a bit wild but I know nothing of used car prices so who am I to judge ..
Can't afford most of them.  Very glad to hear your grandma's car is off the block.  That one is to special to ever sell. What happened to your daughter's purple 911?
What happened to tuned and track ready BMW  M1 ?
I'm really disappointed that your grandmother's car is on tbe list at ANY price. That car should NEVER EVER be for sale. Please remove it from the list, thank you 😊.
Anyone happen to add up all of those car prices? Minus the million dollar Merc of course..
If that Model S was newer like when the liberality got a lot better and had the full self driving computer not necessary having that upgrade for that Price I would actually buy it.
Looks like most of these Car Youtubers want to make the absolute most of the last leftover money everyone has of this pandemic boom and they seem pretty desperate so hold your cash until the prices plummet
I heard rumor there's also and small armada of 2nd hand stinky boats for sale on the other side of town?!
with those prices Hoovie isn't planning on selling a single one of these hoopties lmao...good luck
12k for a ZJ holy crap.
So, when do you post the video with the real world prices?
The only car I'd be interested in owning wasn't for sale!
he didn't make much content with the maybach after it was fixed....should try and drive it across the country
Okay, ive always wait for your newest youtube videos....but this, i cant stand to watch...its too disturbing for me...  makes me remember when i have to sold all of my cars because i need money after i resigned from my job...  sorry hoovie :(
Tried finding this urination bob guy's channel but I guess he's not on youtube...
This is some weird Cartrek thing.  All 3 of them are putting up "all their cars for sale?"
What do you need for the corvette? Pls advise ASAP. Tks for sharing. Enjoying your channel..
You didn’t mention the Bronco!
@hovies garage i’ve been a subscriber since the beginning i 🤔 and it breaks my car loving heart to see you part with so many of the iconic hoopties. some i can understand but the lambo’s, beck, apollo, sls and even more surprising the 348 makes me sad and i hope you’re doing this for the right reasons. i love this channel for the journey that you go on saving cars from the brink of existence.i understand that as your channel grows the money coming in allows you to purchase more exotic cars but please remember what got you where you are today the salvation of shit boxes, the rise of the unwanted, the love of the hooptie.
For sale but not priced to sell. Only a moron would buy any of those (save one or two) for anywhere near asking. But there will be.
Wow $2.32 million to buy the entire collection, minus the 1985 Mercedes.
*Elsewhere. Sorry, couldn’t help myself.
wher can i buy one from i want the lambo mercilago
where can i watch car issues ?
X5 is tempting after all this work is done 👀 And I'm actually looking for daily SUV, hmmm
Who still uses a Yahoo email?
You are irresponsible to sell the Countach and Diablo. Those cars are going to skyrocket in value. The 25th alone will reach 1M easily in a few years.
Do you accept Crypto? I'll buy it all for 1 BTC, that's a solid 100 million in the future.
Pump and dump just the kind of show's that are selling 'Buy' 'Buy' 'Buy' jim cramer cream puffs.
Even listing your first car? That’s risky.
Man i wish i had the cash for the older Mercedes the 4.5L one great price on it too Ugh why do i have to have a newer car loan ATM. Also i am guessing he actually sells about 1/3 of of his fleet cause of some of the prices on the ones he really doesnt want to sell LOL.
Gotta admit found the channel bit boring as of late
a depression is coming so im dumping at high prices im no dummy
I love Car Wizard , but only on Hoovie's garage. Seen one of those baller Vans in person. Guy let me check it out. It was as cool as you said they were!
You are either so wealthy, you tinkle Evian.   Or... You are so far in debt, you tinkle past due notices.  One of those is pretty painful.
What happened to the Raptor
That will cut into The Car Wizards hooptie profits.
This is ridiculous. I hope that email address have some good spam filters.
Man, I'm tempted by the 4.5 Merc
I'm sure daddy Doug would be glad to have you post them on cars and bids?
$12K ZJ Grand Cherokee? 🤣🤣🤣🤣  You meant $1.2k right?
I wish I could have one of hoovies lambos or his gull wing Mercedes,  beautiful cars! Good luck on selling them hoovie!
Cadillac makes sexy cars
12k for the GC??? Common, man!
12k for the red ws6 trans am? I'm definitely tempted...
Did anyone total all that up? Just courious. Also, What happened to the DMC?
Idk why I love this channel…
He’s goanna buy the burnt Chiron
I SUSPECT THE TAX MAN COMETH..
----->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSkV2jxoRVVlyohxphQK-S9R ------>https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSlhjwzn3utvcw6XKujKjb0C
I guess everyone is after that Chiron 😂
That intro made me laugh so hard 😂
Moral of the story: PLEASE DON’T BUY IT
18:03
I love the hangar brother beautiful
I nailed the prices except the Pimp My Ride Van. I guessed 800 bucks lol
What???? Say it ain't so
I guessed the escalade right on the nose!! Lol good luck selling (or not selling all of those cars hoovie). Listened to this video as I rode to pick up dinner for my family in the 2006 gmc yukon slt with 206000 miles on it for $2500 this year. Wish I could afford such a well rebuilt escalade!!
Tax bill is coming up...
OMG manual!! Stop that, here in rest of the world it is different when trans is AUTOMATIC  and you have to pay more to get it. All the others are manual 5 or 6 speed. Come on you lazy yanks. :)
Hoovie wants a C8 Z07 ;)
So basically pricing so high that few could ever afford, so not reallllly selling
Trans am for me if Iived in the USA
why cant you swap a subaru engine into the red Porsche
Inventory of $2,246,500. Plus Grandma's car.
I'd trade my entire fleet for the 550 Spyder.... lol.. my fleet is 1980 Renault LeCar super rusty,  1963 Imperial Crown needs a trans, another 1963 Imperial Crown for parts, 1949 Dodge Coronet barn find, 1976 Ford Pinto, 1991 Volvo 240 Se wagon... prob forgetting something lol
My response to reading this title, “what!”
Hoovie knows the collapse is coming  Pure genius
call jay leno
Easy come, easy go...
Anyone else think the IRS have paid tyler a visit
NOOO! Hoovie what are you doing! 😦
Keep the vette ,green  mustang and grandma's  Mercedes
I suspect his wife has threatened divorce.
Bad Hoovie
I assume your not planning on selling Apollo 911. Since you already sold and bought it back. Selling again would not be a good look imo.
Plot twist: somebody is getting divorced.  Jk 😁
No more typhoon?
Only $5,000 for a limo? Sold! 🤑
That zj is wayyyyy overpriced. 5,000$ maybe
I cannot imagine this mans insurance bill
Not sure what these boys are up to but cartrek is about to be lit.
Who buys a used Tesla, scrap that junk 😂
Hoovie: “Please don’t buy it, I want to keep it.” Me with $1.87 in my bank account: “Don’t worry, I won’t 沈”
What is Yahoo ?
Divorce already?
The ws6 is the deal of the day.
I like how you listed the prices here-keeping it simple
Your definitely one Motor-vated individual 🤩
I actually think there are some good deals here.
This is dumb.  I'm going to have to unsub.
if i lived in USA and had the money, the frog-eye or the jimmy :D
At this point Im really curious, do you have like a walk-in-closet in your hallway specifically for car keys? They surely won't even fit in a large box at this point lmao
I wonder if his tax bill came in and thus the reason for his big sale
How much for the little Gray Mercedes Convertible?
In my opinion, the Corvette, Escalade, red Pontiac, and the Cadillac fleetwood are priced well and would be a great purchase.
In which we discover that the canaries in the debt coal mine expect interest rates to rise soon 😬
I can't afford any of them but of I could it would be the white Mercedes gull wing which he is asking 85K more than he paid for or the Hog Nosed Trans Am.
Good luck Tyler
BAD HOOVIE
"Please don't buy it"🤣🤣 if I had the money the M3 lambo and porsha
You better be getting that 300sl
You can tell which car he wants to keep, and the ones he doesn't necessarily want to keep.  The former are priced badly, the latter are decently priced.
Sell sell before the bubble bursts.
This "Build Back Better" gig is really catching on. You'll have Schwab & Gates calling, claiming copyright.
Bored
Hoovie:”I’m selling all my cars!” Also Hoovie:”Please don’t buy any of my cars” 🤣🤣
Let me know when you get to the $500 cars.
Keep The Countach and ditch the rest..
The woody?
Tyler: "I'm selling all my cars!" Also tyler: "Please don't buy this."
TL;DR: buy my Tesla
**How you know Hoovie has a problem**  Own 40 cars say don't buy it after every car price
Did anyone happen to total this up?
Lol I see the equation here, take whatever you bought em for and double it :)
CARSSSSSS AND BIDS
Lol Hoovie buys the cheapest cars in America then lists them for sale as the most expensive cars in America
Holy crap the Jeep Grand Cherokee is a lil expensive lol
he will not respond to inquiries elsehwere
"I don't want to sell it, but I'll put a price on it ". Thanks for the tour of your Garage Hoovie. Hope nobody buys a thing and you're stuck with them.
Honestly, I would whittle that collection down similarly to what kind of guns one should own for all potential tactical occurrences.  1.  Semi-Auto handgun        1.  Your favorite Ferrari (Daily Driver) 2.  Tactical Rifle (Ie... AR-15)     2.  Your Conversion Van 3.  Shotgun           3.  Your AMG SLS 4.  Hunting Rifle     4.  Your Corvette 5.  Sniper Rifle       5.  Your Marci Lambo
Damn I'd love to test drive all of those cars 😅 vroom vroom
Wizard is hilarious str8 got em🤣🤣
What is the car issue cars thing he talking about
take them all to carmax lol
Let me guess the mother in law saw the bills for this year’s purchase and repair….   You spent HOW MUCH!!!!!  You need your. Head examined this fleet better be gone befor I clear quarantine or god help you I’ll burn the lot of them
😆 i have 2 vehicles and thats good. 00' suburban and 06' a4 6spd manual.. why need more? Hah
You can’t just be selfish. You gotta give things for free in this world.
What happened to his g wagon
DUDE I WILL DO THINGS WITH THE CHEAP M3. YES. YES. YES.   It would be my second site unseen purchase from Kansas, actually, with the first being a Cosworth 190e 2.3-16. That was a FANTASTIC car.
“Slightly missing an engine” XD
You can tell hoovie used to be a used car salesman
Seems like every YouTube car is currently for sale haha. Good time to sell before the bubble bursts.
How many would rather-have an LFA instead of that white lambo Also wizard jay leno has way more cars than 40
…don’t buy it… lol.
Go help others & be charitable or you will go to hell.
After careful calculation and based on whether or not hoovie sells everything for what he listed he have In excess of 2.7 million. This leads me to believe... a future hypercar will be around the corner. Perhaps the Cheapest P1 in the US or a Veyron 😏
Hoovie, you misspelled "Elsewhere".  Do I win a prize?
I just paid too much for a used car because I was tired of looking. I feel Hoovie has insider knowledge and feels the market will crash.
nice
Imagine thinking that Lambo is worth 450k. The bubble has popped and it's spreading like wildfire. Anyone who buys that is going to be under water in 6 months. It's basically an 84 cutty with a wing anyways.
everyone has been selling all their cars lately.  It's almost like everyone is suddenly broke so they're selling off their car collections lol
Dang, Wizard knocked me out of the Diablo.
That 1973 mercedes is the only car that really stole my heart
Your buggin, over priced junks
Oh, well thats 41 😆
"Please don't buy it"
Buy a "Clown Shoe" and let us know what you think... So, I can dismiss the fantasy from my dreams
What about the bmw’s????
Motortrends ruins shows, e.g. Roadkill. Just wait.
Hey hoovie I’ll trade your 190k Escalade ext for my 190k 2001 park ave you know you want tooooo
What on earth are you buying for 2.4 Million dollars??
ELSEHWERE
Please don’t buy this car…..And we wonder how Hoovie went out of business as a car dealer
Starting a YouTube Channel where you buy hoopties bargains in the lowest point of the market then build a 40 cars fleet of "most wanted" investment and selling them when the market goes bananas is a pretty nice chessmaster movement. The dumbest channel in all the YouTube! Sure!
2.41 million$ Hoovie alone.... What the hell are Tyler, Tavarish and Ed up to to raise so much capital is the question??
Hoovie: "I'm selling everything!"  Also Hoovie: " Please don't buy anything"
The beck is what I would take if I could afford it I would already be on my way
I was interested in the Miata last time he did this. I think the 348 would be my pick this time. I really like how’s it’s a daily looking testarossa. such a shame he is not going to keep that.
Selling your first car? Did not come from your grandmother? You may regret that decision the most.
Seems like everyone is selling their cars. Looks like the used car prices are set to fall pretty soon
What? You and tavarish doing this...
some of this cars you never could buy it again the cars I well never sell the 1 /lamborghini countach 2/lamborghini Diablo  3/chvey corvette 1966  4/ferrari 456 5/BMW Z8 6/BMW 740li 7/BMW M3 some of this cars i just likes it  they are cheap  I don't care about the  coffee machine tesla and the British toy car thing ALL Bentleys  the Van the BMW Suv thing some of cars are cool but because of their conditions I did not mentioned it
LOL Hoovie trying to sell all to get a Gullwing Merc.
BringATrailer should do a week of Hoovie where all of his cars are listed. They may each have a reserve but that would be fun to watch.
Most of your prices are too high, a couple reasonable, but most over priced.
No click bait here
This should have been called "Pretending to list all my cars for sale" because those prices are pure insanity and a good indication that Hoovie doesn't WANT to sell anything!...EVER!  I genuinely feel sorry for anyone that buys any of these. The Jimny is super cool tho, why no vids on that???
Why don’t ya send me that w6 so I can stop walking 7 miles a day to work 🤣
I want that fucking JDM suzuki jimny
You Know, Ten minutes after they sell they will double in value.
Hoovie selling his fleet. In an unrelated story, the Wizard downsizing his operation. Going on public aid.
I really wish I could use motor trend in New Zealand
Lambos, Z8 and the 348 should stay
Aah come on! Not the murcie! Its not perfect, but for some reason that makes less yuppie. And keep the 7 series! The rest can go for a new adventure.
You sold the 135i 🥲 that was the only car I would be able to afford and wanted to buy
I don't see the dakota in this video
Not. Cool. Clickbait.   And cool,  buy the Countach 6 months ago for a 100k .  Now you want 450k .   Everything that is wrong with the car industry summarized in that.
at this point, i'm just taking these videos as a meme.
Had no idea you had a 95 Mustang Cobra R
Give Doug DeMuro a call. I heard a rumor that he has a car action site. HaHa.
12 for that WS6 is actually a steal to be honest.  My 99 Trans Am is an auto car with built transmission, minor mods, custom ordered with all the WS6 goods minus the hood (I don't know why, I'm second owner, the original picked it up at the factory and drove it to Corvette shows around the country to avoid putting miles on his corvettes) that sits at around ~330hp on the dyno now at the wheels.  I get offered 8-9 on it all the time, it's silver and charcoal interior.  I second someone shows me 10k I'm selling it, though.  I've got nuggets to work could help with...that and I built a 97 Celica (RWD conversion, 4.0 1GR V6 Turbocharged, 5 speed manual, all custom suspension, etc) that has a bit more power (I aimed for ~360 to the wheels for a road car) that I love a lot more.
Can you finance me the trans am? Lol 😆
Dont sell the 456! No one buy it ok.
I actually have dreams where I remember I own a bunch of cars and I forgot about them and they were at a garage being fixed. Hoovie is living my weird nightmare.
Viewership is down. We are getting a little tired of the wash, rinse, repeat, format.. The winner out of all this ? THE WIZARD.. multi millionaire.
I knew buying all those BMWs would bankrupt him! Oh, and he lives under power lines...explains a lot.
You're not a car guy. You're just a used car salesman who gets cars to flip them! LOL Why the hell are you selling all your cars!??? Must need the money.
I would go old school and take the Trans Am...
Of everything you have the E39 & E46 M cars are the best. They do everything.
$2,414,500 if anyone was wondering the total sale value of all of Hoovies cars. See you at Tavarish’s channel.
Any BOGOF offers ?? 😀
Don't lose your Carcaine Hoovie!
Refresh my memory; the green Blazer wasn’t Hoovies, right?
You, Ed, and Freddy must be thinking that the bubble is about to burst
Around $2.3mil  in cars
THISS is CARS and BIDS.
Ive got 3 dollars and a pack of gum, what can I get?
Good price on the Mustang , probably.
I miss when you actually used to buy hoppties now all you do is buy dumb expensive broken cars nobody in there right mind would buy I miss the Buick park ave days
Lol I wouldn’t buy any of those over priced turds 💩
Elsehwere
I actually could afford that old blue Mercedes. Prolly good for a million miles, if you could get parts l 🤔
Tyler is going to single handedly legitimately effect the used car market
Damn I wish I wasn’t poor rn
That Cobra R is too cheap.
I think Tavarish’s van should go on Cars and Bids!
Hoovie we hate hearing you say the words riptide blue, BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DONT SELL THE ESCALADE
If you grew up in Southern California - makes me think “This is Cal Hoovington and my dog Spot!” as he walks the line.
Good Luck!  You will be a rich man beyond your wildest dreams after these sell.  Saving for college?
Sorry to tell you I am not making an offer on any of your cars for sale for the following reasons. 1) I am married and don't want my wife claiming that I am entering another midlife crisis. 2) I don't have a car wizard that I have on almost full time employment 3) Your cars are too old for me.  and finally 4) You didn't have a newer Tesla model S or Porsche 992 turbo for sale in your collection. But thanks anyway I was able to save 20 min by just looking at the list in your comments section,. Good luck with your private used car lot.
do this cars smell badly inside if not driven so they just stay parked?
That was a lot. Did I miss the price for the Jeep Grand Wagoneer?
Just looks like Tyler needs to employ a full time fleet manager, so the cars don’t sit unattended
How much for the G-Wagen?
YOUR ON TRENDING!
" ...Don't buy it." - Tyler Hoover 2021
Added them all up. $2,413,500 worth of cars. Impressive lot.
there's 2 there id love to own. okay, maybe 3.
I like the modified mustang and the conversion van . I am not going to buy them .
Riiiiiiptide bluuuuue!
Oh Hoovie, I thought you at least would survive POTATUS's attempt on the US economy.
Who did the math on the grand total retail price?
i thought he had a t-top trans am?
I cannot believe you are selling the Diablo.
Great decision turn a new page 📄 nice run!
The Edd Bolian fire sale effect
19:23 “You do not wanna be like me” Yes Hoovie, oh yes I do. Almost any car of yours would be awesome to have as a weekend car, let alone 40 of em. There’s also the peace of mind knowing most of them have been repaired by the ninja or the wizard.
Total $2,413,500 without the Mercedes he inherited.
Tyler, you are allowed to have 40+ Hot Wheels, but real cars! However I didn’t see any cars you shouldn’t keep.
Best time to sell, the market is softening big style.
He can't sell Grandma's SL...oh, ok.
I can't tell if your pleas to the audience, "don't buy it", is reverse psychology or sincere.  Either way, this is a first in infomercials. lol
You can’t sell the 456 GT please don’t
I'm glad you're not selling the 500 SL. When I saw the title I was shocked that you were going to get rid of it.
Wizard!!! 😠 you just cost me 40k!!!
Hoovie, I met the couple that own the 300SL gullwing that you drove at pikes peak. Nicest people
How many miles on the ESV?  You didn’t say it in the video.
Great to see Hoovie still has his yahoo email address 😂😂
Hoovie outta just give that green mustang to The Roman, and Mr.Reider the blue corvette, they'd go all imposter syndrome and act hella weird, be the biggest crossover episode ever.  13:27 can you name the truck with 4 wheel drive, smells like a steak, and seats thirty five?  Canyonero! Canyonero! HEYA! Canyonero!
I would love to email you and buy one but unfortunately I can't even afford the 5000 dollar truck which I think was the cheapest one you'll just take the money from these 40 and by 40 more expensive ones
"Don't buy it." See high price. "OK"
Lol i wanna sell it but i wanna keep it   wizard get the news paper !!
Do I get a deal /bundle price for all?
Dammit Tyler it's taking all my willpower to not go down to the credit union and take out 3 car loans.
Hoovies buying BITCOIN ;)
sounded like a drug addict admitting he has a problem but is doing nothing to recover.
goodbye on the one hand, but on the other hand, Spyros Panopoulos at SP Automotive, for the hydrogen steep curve, 30X growth by 2025, fuel cells are now ready
Urination Bob is the funniest 😂😂😂😂
Great idea!
Wow people are still on yahoo mail😅
You will love this I promise  https://youtu.be/cY2yhAE6wkM
You are nuts Hoovie.
If u sell any LAMBOS your not who i thought u were. U dont sell your CHILDHOOD POSTER CAR if your lucky enough to ever get it!!!
So, Ed, Tyler and Hoovie are going to be the Three Veyron Amigos?
Funny how all automotive YouTubers are selling all their cars!
Hoovie, i know in the big scheme of things you are young.But in todays scheme of things you are old.  Besides being a bit of an eclectic collector of things, i like to watch collectors and collections and collectables of different things. And we have now reached a stage where lots of collectables have reached their peak and are now starting to decline in price because the buyers are either getting too old or dying off or the new generations of collectors are not interested in them.  Look at lots of Hollywood collectables, they are decreasing in price because lots of people werent around when the TV shows and movies were made, and they dont know who the actors were. Look at the younger generations, they now collect Iphones and early computers and video games and consuls.  Look at Model T fords and some of the early cars, because people who now collect never grew up with the Model T and so many of the early cars they are not interested in them other than being a novelty. The same thing is happening today.   How many of the Millenials will be interested in early corvettes and trans ams and early mercs and beamers.Or will they be more interested in the Toyota Prius or Nissan Leaf or the Tesla S or the Tesla coupe or the other versions of electric cars that they have now been growing up with?  That is why i think you should keep the Tesla S, because when you are 50 or 60 years old, the Tesla  maybe a $500,000 car.
Hoovie: I am selling the Z-8 Ninja:(Throws all of Hoovies money back into his face)
Hmm, I wonder if he'd do a deal on both Trans-Ams? Love the 2000 WS6 especially.
NoooooooooOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
I’m selling every one of my cars!  This is a nice car.  I don’t want to sell it.  This is a nice car.  I don’t want to sell it. This is a nice car.  I don’t want to sell it. This is a nice car.  I don’t want to sell it.
can you please give me the e30 as a project car!? i really love that one !
That Cobra R for 20k !!
Rip
Are you planning to buy Amazon ? On a more serious note: there have been cars you regretted selling. The chances are huge you will have some more regrets.
half expecting the next video to be. oh noooo my house burned down. good job i released a video listing everything i own and the amount i think its all worth.
Lmao if I didn't owe 39k on my 2017 Silverado I would have made an offer on the tens am
Not one good deal on the list, obviously none for sale seriously, except maybe for the 79 trans am
Not sure who started this 'ALL MUH CARZ IS 4 SALE!' trend, but its not humorous...
If I had money I'd buy the Austin Healey Sprite in a heartbeat
Last time hoovie announced he would sell a car he reneged. Expect him to change his mind.
So how much is everything added together? Somebody do the math for me. I will pay you with the sweets I'm eating haha
I think Doug Tabbutt will snag that Suburban!
You acted like the van did not exist
How many of these prices are legit and how many are absurd??? Like I want that ZJ Grand Cherokee, but 12k?!?!?!? That seems way to much by more than half….
Hoovies car insurance agent: " I'll never financially recover from this "
Time to start fresh while the market is hot.  Good move!
Getting stale, time to for me unsub and find some fresh channels, between hoovie, carwizard, jake, tavarish, wrench every day, watchjrgo. All the same recycled stuff. Even cartrek is boring now.
If I had Hoovie's financial situation I'd sell everything and buy a MC12
I want that 740 😍😍😍
Can’t wait to see how overpriced they’ll be
Good luck with the massive sale!  Looking forward to seeing if you get any takers.  I won't be one of them.  No room in my garage.
I genuinely appreciate Hoovie continuing to put out content with his insanely busy schedule. His dedication to his channel and subscribers is awesome!
40 cars but no dead cat to put on the mic...
dibs on the e46
For anyone wondering the total is $2,322,000.00 ($2.32mil)... excluding the $1mil price tag on the convertible Merc
Next up: Hoovie tours SE Asia and he ain't buying cars....
Guess cars and bids was a flop then!
OMG I wish I could scoop up the Cobra R and the WS6 . Those are ridiculously good prices.
Super smart to unload as many as possible during this temporary bump in all things interesting cars. But so many of them I would hate to see go.  All the Lambos, the SLS, the little Suburu powered sports car.  I like the Mustang and the Ferraris.  I like a bunch of the other cars, but they are all replaceable.
Copying Ed Bolian
All of his cars are celebrity owned!
I'd let hoovie buy my Sn95
SOOO you're copying Ed Bolian?
Not the Wagoneer!
Smart time to sell sell sell before the car markets come back to their senses!
I’m surprised he’s serious. Lol.
Sum is about 2.4 million dollars plus 1 million for his first MB.  I wonder what his wife says if he has this much in cars.
Can we just get one more R-I-P-T-I-D-E-B-L-U-U-U-E for old times?
John Tamarian about to get blue balled on the Countach again.
Nooooooo..... NOT the Countach?!?!?!
NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! DO NOT SELL APPOLLO 911!!!!
La muerte, es uno de los eventos más grandes que jamás tendrá lugar en tu vida.   Afrontamos la muerte todos los días, consciente o inconscientemente de ella; la muerte acecha en cada rincón de nuestra vida. Como un león esperando atrapar a su presa, la muerte nos llega a todos en muchas formas y formas; aparentemente no hay nadie que pueda escapar de las fauces de la muerte.   ¿Pero sabías que hay una razón por la que morimos? La idea de la muerte con la que está familiarizado es solo la punta del iceberg. Mira, morimos porque hemos pecado contra Dios. La muerte según la Biblia es paga "porque la paga del pecado es muerte" (Romanos 6:23).Debido a que el hombre pecó contra Dios, vivimos en un mundo caído, antes era perfecto, pero ahora está en ruinas. Ahora que el pecado existe, Dios viene a juzgar al mundo con justicia. Está establecido que un hombre muera una vez y después de este juicio "(Hebreos 9:27). El estándar por el que te juzgará son los 10 mandamientos, la ley moral de Dios.   Él es tan serio acerca del pecado que le dio a cualquiera que pecara la sentencia de muerte, la Biblia dice que te la has ganado pecando contra Dios y cada vez que pecas, acumula su ira. "El alma que pecare, esa morirá". (Ezequiel 18: 4) El castigo son los fuegos eternos del Infierno "Donde habrá llanto y crujir de dientes" (Mateo 13:42)   Tendrás que enfrentarte a Dios el Día del Juicio.   ¿Irás al cielo o al infierno?   Aquí hay una prueba rápida:   1-No tendrás otros dioses delante de mí. 2-No harás ídolos. 3-No tomarás el nombre del Señor tu Dios en vano, porque el Señor no dará por inocente al que tome su nombre en vano. 4-Recuerda el día de reposo. 5-Honra a tu padre y a tu madre. 6-No matarás. 7-No cometerás adulterio. 8-No robarás. 9-No mentirás. 10-No codiciarás.   ¿Alguna vez has dicho una mentira? robado algo? usó el nombre de Dios en vano? ¿Alguna vez has mirado a alguien con lujuria? Él ve la lujuria como adulterio, “Cualquiera que mira a una mujer con codicia, ya adulteró con ella en su corazón” (Mateo 5:28). ¿Alguna vez has odiado a alguien? él ve el odio como un asesinato, "Cualquiera que odie a otro hermano o hermana es un homicida" (1 Juan 3:15)   Santiago 2:10 dice, "la persona que guarda todas las leyes excepto una es tan culpable como una persona que ha quebrantado todas las leyes de Dios".   No confíe en su propia bondad o buenas obras para salvarlo. Eso es como sobornar a Dios para que te deje entrar al cielo; Ni una iglesia, pastor, sacerdote o religión alguna. Ninguno de nosotros es bueno en absoluto, incluso los asesinos, violadores, incluso Hilter se llamarán buenos y tratarán de justificarse por sus buenas obras. Pero la biblia dice:   • "Pero todos somos como cosa inmunda, y todas nuestras justicias son como trapos de inmundicia; nos marchitamos como una hoja, y nuestras iniquidades, como el viento nos llevaron". (Isaías 64: 6)   La definición de Dios del bien es moralmente excelente y, por lo tanto, exige perfecciones absolutas. Nadie puede igualar sus estándares. Por eso Jesús dijo: • "Nadie es bueno sino solo Dios". (Lucas 18:19)   Si ha hecho alguna de esas cosas, Dios lo ve como culpable de quebrantar su ley y la Biblia advierte que los culpables terminarán en el infierno. ¿Serás culpable el día del juicio final?   "Porque la paga del pecado es muerte, pero la dádiva de Dios es vida eterna en Cristo Jesús Señor nuestro". (Romanos 6:23)   Dios envió a su Hijo a sufrir y morir en la cruz. Jesús tomó el castigo sobre sí mismo y derrotó a la muerte en la cruz; no por tu Bien sino porque Dios es rico en misericordia.  "Porque tanto amó Dios al mundo que dio a su Hijo unigénito, el que en él cree no se pierda, sino que tenga vida eterna". (Juan 3:16)  Jesús resucitó de entre los muertos y venció a la muerte. Arrepiéntete (vuélvete del pecado) hoy y confía en Jesús y Dios te concederá vida eterna; también nacerás de nuevo.  Él te dará un corazón nuevo que desea la justicia, lo que es justo y un corazón que amará a Dios.  por eso Jesús dijo: "De cierto, de cierto os digo, que el que no nazca de nuevo, no puede ver el reino de Dios". (Juan 3: 3)  Luego, lea la Biblia y obedezca lo que lee.  ☆ ¿Cuándo vas a estar bien con Dios?  "Hoy, si escuchan su voz, no endurezcan su corazón como lo hicieron en la rebelión" (Hebreos 3:15) "Ahora es el tiempo aceptable, he aquí ahora el día de salvación". (2 Corintios 6: 2)   • "Tampoco hay salvación en ningún otro, porque no hay otro nombre bajo el cielo dado a los hombres en el que podamos ser salvos". (Hechos 4:12)   Es tu elección. Los dejo con esto: "¿De qué le aprovechará al hombre si gana el mundo entero y pierde su alma?" (Marcos 8:36).   Si te estás tomando esto en serio, ¿te gustaría una oración? Esta oración no es garantía de que serás salvo, eso es entre tú y Dios. Sin embargo, me gustaría que este fuera un buen comienzo para su viaje.  "Padre, te agradezco por el corazón abierto de esta persona y le pido que se arrepienta y confíe solo en Jesucristo. También te pido que guíes sus pasos en su camino para que pasen de la muerte a la vida. En el nombre de Jesús Amén.   Cuando encuentre tiempo, lea esto:   https://www.livingwaters.com/save-yourself-some-pain/
Death, it's one of the biggest events that will ever take place in your life. We face death everyday, conscious or unconsciously of it; death lurks around every corner of our life. Like a lion waiting to catch its prey, death comes for us all in many shapes and forms; seemingly there is no one who can escape from the jaws of death.  But did you know there is a reason why we die? The idea of death you're familiar with is only the tip of the iceberg. See we die because we've sinned against God. Death according to the bible is wages " for the wages of sin is death " (Romans 6:23).  Because man sinned against God, we live in a fallen world, it was once perfect, but now in ruins. Now that sin exists, God is coming to judge the world In righteousness. "It's appointed a man once to die and after this judgement" (Hebrews 9:27) The standard he'll judge you by is the 10 commandments, God's moral law.  He's so serious about sin that he gives anyone who sins the death sentence, the bible says you've earned it through sinning against God and God pays you in death. Each time you sin you build up his wrath. “The soul who sins shall die.” (Ezekiel 18:4) The punishment is the eternal fires of Hell " Where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth" (Matthew 13:42)  You will have to face God on Judgement Day.   Will you go to Heaven or Hell?  Here’s a quick test:   1.You shall have no other gods before Me. (Have you always loved God above all else?)   2.You shall not make yourself an idol. (Have you made a god in your mind that you're more comfortable with, a god to suit yourself?)   3.You shall not take God's name in vain. (Have you ever used God's holy Name as a cuss word?)   4.Remember the Sabbath Day, to keep it holy.   5.Honor your father and mother.   6. You shall not murder. (God considers hatred to be as murder, 1 John 3:15).   7. You shall not commit adultery. ("Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart" Matthew 5:27-28; this also includes sex before marriage).   8. You shall not steal. (Have you ever stolen anything? the value of the item is irrelevant).   9. You shall not lie. (Have you lied even once? Including answering these questions).   10. You shall not covet. (Have you ever jealousy desired what belongs to others?)   James 2:10 says, “the person who keeps all of the laws except one is as guilty as a person who has broken all of God’s laws.”    The Bible says that God will punish all murderers, rapists, thieves, liars, adulterers, etc. He will even judge our words and thoughts.   If you have done any of those things, God sees you as guilty of breaking His law and the Bible warns that the guilty will end up in Hell. Will YOU be guilty on Judgement Day?    "For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord." (Romans 6:23)   God sent His Son to suffer and die on the cross. Jesus took the punishment upon Himself and defeated death on the cross; not because you're Good but because God is rich in mercy.   “For God so loved the world that He gave His only Son, whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16)   Jesus rose from the dead and defeated death. Repent (turn from sin) today and trust in Jesus and God will grant you everlasting life.   Then, Read the Bible and obey what you read.   Pray something like this:   "Dear God, today I turn away from all of my sins (name them). Today I put my trust in Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. He is the only way for me to be saved. He is 'The way, the truth, and the life.'" Please forgive me, change my heart, and grant me Your gift of everlasting life. In Jesus' name I pray. Amen."   When you find time please read this, it's Christian principles for growth:   https://www.livingwaters.com/save-yourself-some-pain/
I only have 22 vehicles so I don't have to sell any yet!
Wish I was in what ed, freddy, and hoovie know. Lol somethings up with them selling everything.  Either a market crash or something.
The Jimney is cool.
Sadly there's nothing on the list that meets my criteria - cheap to own and cheap to maintain/repair.
Lucky bugger, I wish my wife would let me own 40 cars.
I wouldnt be selling everything, there will be cars that you will never be able to get again in the future that you will regret.  I wouldnt sell the Contach, the 1966 Mustang, the 1966 corvette, the 2011 SLS gullwing, the Beck Spyder, the 2013 Tesla, ,1979 Trans Am and the 2001 Z8.    Most of the these cars are ICONS and some of them like the Z8 are only going to go UP in price as the years go by.The Beck Porsche just because it is so nice.  Then sell the rest.
CARS AND BIDS is your answer for the sub 60gs cars
You are buying that million dollar Merc you have always wanted... This is why you are selling everything.
So $2,322,000 total if you don't count the 1985 Mercedes 500SL which he clearly is not going to sell.
I’d buy both the pontiacs. If I had the money.
I have been driving my $3,000 Buick for 13 years and it finally broke. I do not see any cars for a decent price to replace it.
Good for you man! Dump all that crap!
Coming soon: *I bought the cheapest Bugatti Veyron in the world*
Stradman would be e buyer on the Contach!
I could be wrong, but that’s 42 cars with the grand Wagoneer that you didn’t price. 43 if you count whatever the car you mentioned at the end for the Wizard to fix, that you also didn’t price. I think you should price Apollo911 at $1m and your grandma’s Benz at $2m. You MUST NOT SELL THOSE.
Hoovie: I am selling everything Also Hoovie: Please don't buy it
Man if i had the money i'd buy the M3 coupe 2001 no doubt. Also I'd keep the Slr amg and the z8 roadster
If I had 12k I’d be on that trans am quick
Build the silly chop topped red Porsche into a off road ripper Hoovie!
Going by those prices, THIS IS THE DUMBEST channel on YouTube.
Never sell your first car. You got that right👍
You don't want to be me. Yeah we do..
"ELSEHWERE"??  :D  ("I will not respond to inquires elsehwere".)  I know you edited this late at night, but your titling software needs spellcheck.
theres atleast 10 he should def keep!!
I... actually want that damn Jimny...
"Because I need the money", said the guy with alotta money. Typical. More More More.
Did the math, excluding the 500SL, $2,322,000
Please don’t buy it!😂
My mechanic is selling as well
It is $………. Please don’t buy it!😂😂😂😂 anything actually for sale?
Time to call John at Curated AGAIN, and maybe this time be serious about it!! haha
After watching the channel for so long it’s hard not to feel a small sense of attachment to some of these cars. Hope someone just scoops up the entire collection!
No jeep Wrangler with 124k miles is worth $35k.
Guess this is the "cool" thing to do among YouTube millionaires because I have a few subscriptions doing the same
Hoovie: "... which means I have 40 cars." Also Hoovie: "40 cars is more cars than I ever have had in my entire life."  Everyone else: "FALSE. You have 40 cars right now, so it's not more than you've had in your entire life."
Dude, I know you live in the Country- but do you realize what's happening in the city?   Keep the fking Hummer.  You will need it.  Also, buy dried food, ammo, and water filters.
Finally this guy is listening... But all cars?!  I would keep the classics. About ten of them.  Selling all other cars. I am curious how this is going to pan out.
Wow 2.4mil collection
Curated will be upset if he doesnt get first offer on the Lamborghinis lmao
Hoovie vs John Temerian R3....R4?
If you still have that Landcruiser I'd be interested!!
2.3million total, or 3.3 million if you include the Mercedes 500SL euro ;)
Keep the sting ray!
Dont worry Hoovie, your fleet will stay intact...no ones going to buy anything at those prices LOL
How about you let that Diable go for half the asking price? $390 is half price right?
I am glad i live in NZ. Otherwise alot of that would be tempting
Hoovie is listing all his cars for sale during peak used car price market explosion times. And getting money off the video talking about it. Can't say I blame him for making the bag, but still....
Total $2.4million. Today, Elon Musk could by 136,000 of this collection. That would be 5,440,000 cars. That's about 5.5 times the number of cars in all of Kansas
Urination Bob!
I like the Porsche that was  “ slightly missing an engine”. Keep the vehicles you actually use. Crush the mini Cooper into a cube, place it inside the pimp my ride van, crush it, melt all of it and pour it on that Jurassic Park jeep.
I inquired about the Pimp My Ride van.  It seems like the perfect van to run my Vape shop with. 😅
"Riptide blue." DRINK!
The stradman is probably going nuts now lol 😂
The 1980's Jeep Grand Wagoneer??
Skips Black Ferrari under the lift.
Tyler, I think you should sell a few cars, then hire someone to be your gopher and run these cars around for you while you are working.
Question:  Why not flood Daddy Doug's Car and Bids with your fleet?
I'd buy one of the cheaper ones if it could get it delivered to me for cheap. Oh well. 🤷‍♂️
The worlds most entertaining used car salesman
Would you take a 2nd party post dated check for the 1985 Mercedes 500SL?
Ah yanno just casually putting up 3.5 mil of cars for sale.  Nbd
That Tesla with a rebuilt battery seems like a pretty decent deal. Also the Beck Spyder is going to be scooped up first.
Hoovie is spelling 'elsewhere' how Mark Rippetoe pronounces it, 'hwere'.  LOL
18:37 "new hotness'" Men in Black 2 reference Lmao nice!!!
How about the BMW 135i
To get the JCVD Bentley would be sweet - Jimny would be realistic :-D Good thing I am in Europe and not tempted.
Are you seruiosly listing all of your cars?!?!  Are you serious???  Are you joking???
$2.4 million, by my count (which is probably way off).  Once the loans are paid off, maybe enough to buy an ice cream?
$3,314,000 plus whatever the newer camero went for. holy $hit. nice dude..........
Hoovie must be straining his relationship with daddy Doug Demuro by not listing his cars for sale on Cars and Bids......
Want im tempted on the dodge rt and the e46 m3 urghhhh
the Z8 would be my favourite in the whole collection
You want to buy the burnt 🔥 Bugatti too
M5 swap the 740i!! best of both worlds
Ok, either he's divorcing or finally he is broke...
BAD HOOVIE
Love it the gift that keeps on giving, beautiful collection, cant wait to what's coming down the line 😀
several in there I'd love to buy. but at a point in my life I can't  buy a daily driver  blah  health issues suck....
Winter driven Countach
Smart move right now. Car prices are as dumb as real estate prices.
This is the saddest video ever for me, those are not my cars, I could never afford any of them, but I was happy that I knew someone like you existed and that at least you were living the dream in my place, I enjoy seeing you that hyped and smiling over that beautiful collection. I know  you have your reasons, but anyway I'm heartbroken.
I’ve been waiting on this! So many good deals.::thinking::
"ELSEWHERE" .. .Not "ELSEHWERE". You're welcome 😃
Looks into the camera sad dead eyes “please don’t buy it” 7:30   Don’t tell me what to do 🤔
The economy is crashing and the dollar is losing value rapidly. You are a FOOL to not hang on to at least a few of these. They will hold value.
Man I’d do anything for that riptide blue Escalade 😂 but I’m broke, can’t drive, and probably couldn’t afford it 😭
I'm sad seeing all the cars leave
DON'T SALE THE WHITE LAMBO YOU WILL FOREVER REGRET IT.
Hoovie im selling all my cars, also Hoovie don’t buy my cars..
"$28,000. + 2nd hand car dealer "oh, at this price, I have to also sell my firstborne" face. This is about AT LEAST $10,000 over price. So I guess at least 30% over-current value with a hoped for money-grab while markets are hot. Why not ! I think most of these won't sell for anything approaching the asked for prices. Take 25% - 30% off Hoovies prices is what the viewers will pay. Anything over that, they have more money than sense. But I hope Hoovie gets the cents ! 😃
i think him and his buds read the tea leaves concerning the economy and its time to divest and hunker down.
At least the others priced things reasonably
Sell them all and start again.
I just don't get you. Is there nothing (besides your family) that you wouldn't sell? Don't you get atrached to anything?
Hey hoovey well some of your cars you're giving a decent price but about 75% of the cars you are asking over a price that I can personally buy them for and still have enough money to get it sorted out and be still $1,200 less than what you were asking I am thinking that you're getting a little full of yourself do you really think those cars are worth more because you have owned them do you think it is like a Paul Newman Porsche I don't know man we'll see how many you sell
I did the math (-$1 million for Gramma's car) for all... $2,160,000 US $2,674,000 Can $44,394,000 Mx pesos 33.64 Bitcoin Not bad for what was a bunch of Hoopties.
Wrong light bar on the Black sheep police car... And that jeep will NEVER SELL FOR 35k in that condition. Missing SO many  accessories.
That WS6 is priced great
Aw man. Would've been so cool to see this collection in person
God...... the dragon nostril Trans Am is hideous!
We didn't see the woody, or the blazer. Have they already been sold off?
Where's the red 1993 ES300 with the rare manual? Did you sell it already?
Jerome Powell is your guy. He luvs, luvs, luvs 'money machines'.
Just started this and I'm nervous for the Park Avenue!!
If i had a collection of cars like that someone would need to torture me to make me sell all of then like that
Each time he named off the price and then wintzed about selling, so pathetic. All so he can drive up interest. Just say you wanna sell them cause you know you can make some good coin on each one ffs…
Everyone wants that Chiron from Copart heh 😼
Hope he lets me know I can buy the Dakota.  I also wonder about the Clown Shoe he use to have..
lol the m3 swisscheese is probably worth 500
How much you "have into it", really doesn't go into pricing a car.
Don't buy a 300SL also if I had  1mil I would buy most your cars and you have plenty of room left in the hanger
I wish I knew how hard he ran the Trans Am in the Car Trek season.
Don't sell you granny's merc
that jimny is going to be sold within hours
Elsehwere
Who else was playing the price is right, and guessing out loud, the price before he says it?
Hoovie:  everything for sale.   John Temerian: 🤐
Uh oh. Hoovie found someone who will sell him his 300sl....
Cars and bids: 'Am I a joke to you?'
Wasn't there a guy thirsting over that Cuntach? Maybe give him a call and its settled.
Let us know War the wizard and the BMW mechanic buys lol
Methinks the Car Trek boys have realized this is peak exotic car value. Next they'll be buying crypto or gold with the proceeds.
Love to compare Hover to Gas Monkey but GM only gave one car away for the purchase of a bumper sticker. Love to see a list of all 40. Ouuu, so many choices. The Maybach,,,, my brain hurts.
Odd how tavarish is also doing the exact same thing……………
Gosh in high school growing up that Trans Am was my dream car red color and all!!
Overpriced everything because he doesn't want to sell anything lol
Gone in 60 sec ain’t nothing…Hoovies 40 in 24 minutes.
Do NOT sell the Z8
noooooooooooo don’t !!!
You are a legend !!!! 40 !!!!! some countries dont  have 40 offical cars !!! epic !!! good luck man !!!
Give me a bulk discount to buy them all.
Can't believe the SLS is sitting there unloved
Blazer…..
I am going to try for the 05 caddy escalade blue who knows what tomorrow may bring and away we go...no response necessary lol...
I'm tempted with the Maybach.
Wagoneer!
not selling the wifes range rover
Hoovie you missed the K5 Blazer (the green and white one), or is that not for sale?
Uh Hoovie a Corvette is not “mostly original” if it has a replacement engine and a Tremec 5 speed.
Wish I had your garage.
Don't sell the Countach Hoovie. 😐
Sounds like Hoovie has a line on a Mercedes 300 SL
None of Hoovie's hoopties are hooptie value anymore....
I have this strange urge to buy one of them but I cant afford any lol
Keep the Caddy riptide blue, BMW 740 I sport, Ferrari 348, Countach, Jean Claude Van Damme, Apollo 911, Beautiful Escalade, Grandmas car,  Limousine and hire the Wizard to take you and misses out...😆 lol
Y?
"I'm selling everything - following in the footsteps of...Freddy." Outing Freddy 4 hours early. LOL
You would have to give ME 10k for me to accept that pimp my ride van...
Absolutely no one: "Hoovie is selling the Pimp My Ride Van! I must have it!!!!"
With inflation going crazy is better to hold on to assets
Well at least you know what you want for your cars ,,
Tyler has joined the world economic forum and will own nothing and be happy ! B it !
I liked that Dakota r/t 5.9 with in miles what happen to that thing ?
Can't kill the used car dealer in Hoovie. Acting like it hurts him physically to talk about the listing prices. All he's missing is the leisure suit. Lol.
All the nice cars are pretty expensive except the refurbished Tesla…all the other cars a crap!!! 80% of ur 40 cars are basura, shouldn’t of bought em in the 1st place.
nice to see you getting rid of the import crap    maybe buy some american stuff next
Lost me at 12,000 ZJ grand Cherokee
Oops the IRS Need payment? Any one who buys a car in the current environment is a idiot.. let these cars stay on the shelf for another 6 months.. they will be cheaper.. I have 40 years experience buying and selling in this thing.. classic car, collectable car, historic car.. and the only car I own is a Porsche 928.. but I do have a huge cash capital in my bank.. this is fake richness...
Don't see the Plymouth Prowler on the list. Did he already get rid of it or is he holding out?
Yahoo ? 😂😂
Hoovie is smart to dump everything and cash in.
I wish you still had the buick park avenue I would buy that for sure
Are you fleeing the country hoovie? WHO IS CHASING YOU, TELL ME NOW ILL TAKE CARE OF IT
"Elsehwere" Can I get you to do that on a couple of your prices?
Are you trying to sell everything to buy a McLaren F1?
This is something your therapist came up with to cure you. I'm betting you  won't sell all of them we will see good luck remember one day at a time.
Hoovie has recognized that there's a line between a collection and a hoard; many of these low-end cars are well into hoard territory, and thus need to go. Good on you for recognizing that its time to cull the herd and thanks for the fun video!
I would buy that pimp my ride so badly if I lived anywhere near 😁
I love how ninja had to actually consider buying the Z8
He hit you because you are selling them...
Yeah if wizard didn't do that I seriously would... with a bat..
Put them all on cars and bids!
The old M3 and red Jeep Cherokee prices are ridiculous
BUY AMERICAN AND GET RID OF THOSE ENDLESS MONEYPITS COMMIE SUPERCARS PUT AMERICANS BACK TO WORK ITS TIME TO KICK OUT BMW HONDA AND THE REST OF THEM OUT STOP FIXING THERE CARS AND LETS START FIXING OUR CARS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Holy T.A Batman...if only I had 20k for the 2000 . Your living my dream brother
I always wondered how much these cars were worth, I have a lot of respect for Hoovie for being honest and pricing them *all* on video.  Aside from his 500SL, are any other cars obviously way overpriced so nobody buys them? The Countach, Diablo, and Apollo 911 seem a bit steep, but I'm not sure what the market for those are.
Would love the frog eye but Scotland is a bit too far From you
Must be a tired Tyler... has "Elsewhere" spelled wrong on contact email graphic.
keep is the 2011 Mercedes & 8k for the absolute Top Original  masterpiece 8k go bush whack it with the Wiz or Wife or  gift  it to your dad one off specification,  in 86' Suzuki SJ stock equipment front locking hubs with rear limited slip  was getting  to new places others could not without high fuel consumption the original ultimate Micro all wheel drive Jeep.
Without selling his Mercedes 500SL, Hoovie COULD make $2,272,500  Calling it now, he's on the short list to get one of a new Lamborghini Countach.
You drive a hard bargain, best I can do is $50.00
8:58 wow the view looks fabulous
So much reverse psychology!
Slow down Hoovie, you know you don't get haircuts at the bank....do you?
When you open the door on the gullwing, I can smell espresso. I don't know why
I'm watching from Sweden and in my mind I belive the prices are to high. Prices in Europe are not that high, yet!
You ought to sell them at Barrett Jackson as the 'Hoovie Collection.'
ed, tavarish, and hoovie are all selling all their cars and being cagie about why,,, something cool is comming
Serious buyer and no response to email
"Yes honey, I listed all my cars for sale, it's just nobody is interested 😉"
What price surprised you the most? For me as a regular viewer without interest in car-prices, I was suprised that Z8 was so expensive and the Mustang was so cheap.
When wizard smacked him with that rolled up magazine I lost it
Hooves selling out, sad
I also own a euro 85 500 SL. Even better than his. Nice to know it's worth 1M USD!
Damn, if I could stretch a personal loan right now I'd instantly buy that WS6. But the wife would kill me! The price is pretty damn cheap though. I highly suspect it'll be one of the first to go. EVERYONE who is a car person, wants one. Or they already have one. If even just for another LS swap. (Please don't do that though. That car is beautiful.)
Dream on  boy!!
7:47 What is that white convertible in the back on the left side?
The ultimate garage enema! Enjoy the early spring cleaning!
Since many are priced at retail or more you are providing a retail warranty or are these asking prices?  $1,00,000.00 for the 500SL why did u list it if u know it won't be sold?
Are you expecting a total economic meltdown in the car scene? Like now is the time to sell because prices are high?
When I was a pup, I loved collecting hot wheels.  Never got to 40, tho!!!  Hoovie, do you finance?  If so, I’ll take that riptide blue off the lot today, lol! (Kinda joking, kinda serious)
Hoovie.... That M3 is not worth 5k. You must want to keep it.
TOO MANY ADVERTS
I want to buy the toy mercedes that is parked in front of the Murcielago.
How awesome is that the world get to own a car the Wizard worked on
shit i need $20k cuz i really want that 95 cobra r
I don't have the money but I would take the 456 GT for free, it is my ultimate dream Ferrari. Never gonna happen anyway...
Nothing could piss off the Wizard more, than Hoovie selling all his cars.
No one buy the ultimate Hoovie cars pleeeease
Why???
oh my shorty sporty e38 is only worth 2-4k lol
Hoovie ... You're going to sell them all. At least half of them will be YouTubers who want a piece of your algorithm. They're going to be plenty of new videos where people say "I bought a car from Hoovies Garage! How stupid was I?".
Man id love to have that escalade and 2002 trans am and im a ford guy.  You have some awesome rides hoovie best to ya on your sales.
1:48 John Temerian has joined the chat 3:05 John Temerian has left the chat
This one I want to sell for $190,000 but I don't want to sell it 😂
Everything is priced to "keep" not sell 😂
Dead Men Tell No Lies; However, Dead Cars Tell A Lot  Everyone on YouTube is saying that they're selling everything. By my count, Goonzquad started first and it looks like everyone followed. So, WHAT'S THE SCAM? Gotta be one, so does it boost subs, is everyone on YouTube with car content going broke,  is Ed Bolian behind it all, are you trying to put The Wizard out of business??? No thanks, I own one of your former cars you ran past Urination Bob and sold it to The Wizard -- you autographed the dash pocket door for me (Thanks!). Ask Crazy D, he helped ship the Mercedes SL500 to GA near Atlanta Motorsports Park. The '04 500SL sits in "repose" or maybe "lying in state" in my driveway, through no fault of yours, The Wizard, his wife, or especially Crazy D. because he gave me a free t-shirt when you and the Wiz were too cheap! I have some cars to sell too, so Let's Make a Deal because The Price is Right, but please spay and neuter your cars! You could have at least given me gift cards to Freddie's. LOL
Not the 348!!!
Im surprised ya dont own a el camino
Here comes 40 YouTube Chanel’s titled: “I bought Hoovies _______”
I'll buy the whole batch of 40, but only if it comes with a FREE Ninja and Wizard!
I got my eye on the van… so I can finally use my sign that says “if this van is rockin’, don’t come a knockin
I feel like I just watched a episode of Hoarders!
Wait!!!???  Why are you selling all of these?  Some of them, sure.  But all of them?  Why?
This is the garage update I was asking for!!!!
Why kilometers?
"We wanted to make it more like a Plaid, so we cut the steering wheel into a yoke. Very, very cool," very, very not legal in some jurisdictions, check your local regs, good luck and godspeed you.
I guess all you guys are copying each others  channel anything more original?
Me: (checks bank account, cries when the realization hits I can’t afford to buy the Z3)
Another You Tuber who thinks the price bubble is about to burst.
7:09 I thought at first he was referring to the little toy car on the floor.
The Spyder is seriously tempting.  That's the best car in his fleet.
Zzzzzzzzzzzz
The sprite and the Tesla are the same price? Hmm. Methinks you want that Tesla gone...
Lol @ $1 Million for his first SL500
The Dakota is the beast money deal!!!   I look forward to seeing how this pans out.
Gotta capitalize on these wild prices
My net worth is as much as a Dr.Pepper
At this point, Hoovie has more cars than Ethan Tufts
Drinking game: take a shot every time Tyler says, “don’t buy it”.
Smoking some crack with these prices
We can definitely tell by the prices, which cars you want to keep.
My man would you consider 17000$ for the Mustang?
Elsehwere
I would keep the bug eye for the weekend and the mustang as a daily driver.  The rest to me are nothing but annoying semi mobile sculpture.
Nooooo!   But I kinda understand you.
40 cars lol. Shout out to me with 1 barely working car lol! Keep it up Tyler.
I imagine that Tesla Model S is already sold lol.
"...but don't buy it..." For someone with loads of disposable cash, this could be a turnkey fleet of money pit :)
BUT BUT BUT The White Princess!! I can't afford her. She is my dreeeeam! *gutted* wah.
As much as he would've put a price on everything, at least you can tell the ones he wants to keep. For me, if I was in this position, after really thinking about the fleet, the ones I'd keep mostly are the foll: Gram Gram's SL, SLS, 348, ol skool Mustang, Z8, Escalade ESV (the all purpose driver until better comes), conversion van, 740, Healey Sprite, Countach and Apollo 911. After those, things would be somewhat easier. Maybe the Tesla, given that it would be the more eco friendly in the fleet and he can setup solar panels to charge it up.   Most of the car issues cars can go. Although on a personal note, I have thought about a DB7 for my future collection, but the I6 version. The following can go also: Mustard, X5, the 2 M3s, Z3, ol Caddy, Azure for sure, Maybach (daughter already hates it), Suburban, pimp monstrosity, newer Trams AM, limo, Cobra R, Dakota, Grand Wagoneer and Jimny.   Again, these are my thoughts. Let see what really happens.
Divorce?
I feel like everyone is in a race to sell their fleets of cars because they have Bugatti fever...
Everyone and their uncle is bidding on that Chiron.
If that Countach sells, he better replace it with an older one.
Hoovie honestly of the lot I would say the Z8 and the Countach are irreplacable, you cant and wont be able to replace those, I would say the diablo roadster but well Ed kinda well somehow found a silver clone of it and sold it on lol plus the orange armadillo and the 348 are kind of your usable exotics.
I'd be interested in your house!
It sometimes blows my mind how predictable some of the content routes are 😄 tavarish is buying the burnt Bugatti Chiron ?! I mean YT Land gets so crazy right now
Love the WS6 😍
Don’t see the old ford wagon.  Have you considered putting the cars into an auction such as Barrett Jackson or are you just testing the waters.
The ol’ Bolian method. Must have found a 300sl somewhere
Hoovies nooooooooo!
If the avalanche hasn't sold already it will in a heartbeat. I wish I could...
How the heck do you call these hooptie's??  With these prices, you have a very small amount of public viewers that can participate.  You seem to be in competition with Tav and Ed, which is not what you started out as.
Trust Tyler to misspell "Elsewhere" 😂
The 3-4Xs profit on just the two lambos and z8 for a million is mind blowing.
You'll regret selling the 25th anniversary Countach, don't do it dude! Sell everything else if you want but keep the special Lambo just like Ed did.
So you have 40 salvage cars 🤦‍♂️
I counted 39 cars priced you forgot the green on green blazer
Economy will colapse youll get much better cars better price by then stayy woke save uppp👀👀👀👀
E L S E H W E R E
You know all these Youtubers are selling their collection of cars. This tells me one thing they see what I see the market is looking to correct and it won’t be pretty so they want to unload all of this capital they have tied up at the peak before the horrendous crash.
Timestamp 16:44 isn’t this the car that was passed down to Hoovie?
40 cars ready for the junkyard
wish i had 12,500, that blue Mercedes is the most beautiful car
Okay Hoovie, what mob boss do you owe money to.... kidding, on a sidenote, I thought I saw Hoovie on TV at the first World Series game in Houston recently.
Do not worry Tyler. Except in a couple of instances, at those prices nobody will buy those cars. Unfortunately, the ones that are reasonably priced are the least expensive of you fleet. I do wish you luck though, because when you sell some of them , we will get to see more of your stupidity in action as you reassemble the fleet!  Maybe take offers, seriously, cause I do think the clunkers have to go.
Pick one and one and you have to daily drive it, it's your only car...  My Pick?  The M5.
don't sell what an idiot
Anyone do the math on total dollar amount for all the cars?
Hoovie. You know this October, right? It's a little early for an April Fools joke. Best of luck on selling your fleet. I'm hoping it's to make room for you to build it back up. I'm looking forward to seeing what vehicles you get in the future.
Hoovie: I have too many cars!!!!  Jay Leno: Newbie....
Economy about to collapse? What do you really know hoovie? Liquidating your fleet before the crap hits the fan? What now you price at $50K, in a few month's time, will it be under $5K, just like it happened in 2008?, when the economy took a dive and prices for "collection cars" took a considerable loss? People will try to scrounch money for basic necessities like food and shelter, and "toys" will no longer be a priority....... Only time will tell.....
“ELSEHWERE”. 😜
I would 100% take the mustang if I had the money
Ed, Hoovie, Tavarish, Stradman, all liquidating like crazy right now.   Y'all are going to single-handedly tank the market dumping all this stuff at once.
First Ed Bolian , now Hoovie... interesting
This may have been the cringiest video you have ever made.
Tyler has flipped the entire thing on his head. He's got to a point in life post dealership where he's gone from "please buy this car my dealership is struggling" To "here are my cars pleeeeease don't buy them" we know they'll sell because a hooves garage car carrying a 10% provenance surcharge for the rest of its life. You have flipped the game on its head Hoovie. Nice work
I take the hummer
please dont buy it
The one car I really like is that beck spyder
I want to see the Vintage Honda CR collection in that Hanger
Elsehwere in the universe, trying to justify my single car obsession.
Hoovie would you let us know if a youtuber(s) buy any of your cars?👍
Tyler!  You spelled ELSEWHERE wrong, when you listed your sellers contact info.  Sorry to be picky!  I’m a Junior High English teacher.  😉
What happened to assembling the BMW Dream Team? You almost have them all! Don't sell them just yet...
The thumbnail should've been 'Bye!' a la Scotty Kilmer
How we in Europe can watch Car Issues?
Don't respond, but what does "ELSEHWERE" mean?
Calling it now. He’s getting the new C8 zo6
Pretty disappointed everything is for sale.
These aren’t his cars lol
BUY THAT CADDY FLEETWOOD!!! $9K???? ABSOLUTELY... worth a lil' less, but difficult to find in that condition... Go for it!!
This have anything to do with a certain Bugatti?
Why you said is for sale ? Lot of it are past there prime
Sounds like someone’s wife has finally put her foot down…
Where are the hoopties?
"ELSEHWERE" *triggered every time that popped up * LOL
Hoovie has made Wizard a very rich man.
Some of those Pontiac’s! 😍
How much do you want for the Buick Park Avenue?
$10k for the PimpMy Ride Caravan?!? Yeah, no. Hoovies definitely on drugs. That's a $3,000 car, tops.
Wait, did Hoovie say he needs the money. Just kidding, right Hoovie.  It's a fantastic market to sell.
These guys see the writing on the wall. Sell off the collection and take care of the family before everything comes crashing down 🥺
In all seriousness. I’m curious as to why you don’t put you cars up for auction with Barrett Jackson?
Ill make sure to remove your channel from my list on youtube Hoovie. Good riddance.   I understand this is a sound financial decision for you, but Im not happy as a viewer, and I don’t intend to watch your crap on CarIssues or MotorTrend as that would require me to pay money.  We had a good run but clearly you decided to move to greener pastures, and so will I.
I disagree, buy that E36 for $5k, sort it yourself...
I guess this isn’t the best place to start car shopping, your prices are outrageous, aside from your grandmother’s car
Raptor? Land cruiser?
$12k for a 1995 Jeep Grand Cherokee? Hoovie has officially lost it.
$8k for the Escalade pickup, is an EXCELLENT price... Buy it.
I really hope the lambos will stay, please Hoovie sell the rest but spare these!
Would love the Grand Waggy. Maybe next time
I'll buy your delorean
$6k for the Z3 is PERFECT. Buy that car...
If other car dealers used reverse psychology & were totally upfront about what's wrong with the junk they sell, people wouldn't hate them so much. Like your style Tyler 👍
12k for that trans am is a goddamn steal
Best of luck Tyler!
elsehwere? :D
Keep everything that says Lamborghini, Ferrari, and BMW. Keep the Corvette, the Sprite and the '66 Mustang. I could see selling everything else. Putting this much work and time into a collection and then selling all of them seems crazy to me.My great grand children would be have to fight each other to get the Z8.
I have a dollar I can give for a dependable auto
Why the metric miles?
To be honest I wouldn’t even be interested in that pimp van even if you payed me to take it.
Conversion Vans DO NOT hold their value. $50k for that van is unreasonable. $35k, MAYBE $40k... Maybe...
This has to be a car trek punishment because Ed Bolian did something similar recently too
how about the goldeneye pinball machine?
"Please dont buy it"
BRUH he literally just acquired all the 2001 BMW's!!!! smh this makes me so sad
Jesus hoovie, now I know why your car lot never succeeded, you price cars like they're made of gold.
Some of your prices are great but some of your prices are insane those cars aren't worth it definitely not an M3  That's been screwed up I'm not even gonna get started on the cheap Cherokee
Hoovie after every price: “Please don’t buy it”
No Purple 996???
is it possible to deliver in belgium :)
Don't sell your Ferrari 348, Hoovie.
Finally, he has reached the point where he’s going broke! Jk
@hoovies Garage: you really want that Mercedes SL, don't you?
What? Must be some kind of car that he wants to buy!
I hope you sell everything that you want to sell, and keep what you really want to keep.
Urination Bob
1989 Lamborghini Countach 25th anniversary, 19,000km, all original - except the ignition system :D  That's a steep price
Super sad that this amazing collection of cars is about to be broken apart... Hopefully they all end up in better hands 😅 Also, hopefully whatever that's coming after this is worth it...
I want and need the e38 please!!!!🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Daddy Doug could retire if you just list all of these on cars and bids.
These really do seem very fair and heartfelt prices. Thanks for taking me on this journey. Subscribed and liked 👍, brother.
And to summarize today’s episode!   “Please don’t buy it”
Where’s the G Wagon!? 😩 I want that one as a gift! 😉
Bad hoovie 😭😂
What happened to the mini cooper mc40?
BUY that Mercielagu. Worth every penny.
WE ARE WITNESSING HOOVIE'S MIDLIFE CRISIS!!!
Keep a running total of sales for us
That Escalade is worth every penny...
So pleased you weren't click baiting. You're refreshing as always Hoovie. Tempted by the x5.
Hoovie, don't sell your Spider...
Everything is for sale if you have enough money... that said, the prices aren’t great for the most part. Good luck Tyler.
so, Tyler,  it's been several hours. I gotta know, what's left????
$3.3m worth of cars!
When are you starting your car auction site?
Don't sell the SLS hoovie! I know you love that one. and if you do, you should get whatever they said the better one is in cartrek. I say always keep you're favorites if you can
80k for the Ferrari makes more sense.
Muncie 4 speed is WAAAY more fun, then the Tremec 5 speed.
I clicked so fast after seeing the title. I didn't think he was actually serious until watching the entire video.
Love the rims on the Z8.
“I better get moving, otherwise this video’s gonna be a half hour long.” *Runtime: **24:20*  Summary of all the listings: “THISSSSSSS is a/an [year, make, model] and I suppose it’s (looks to sky) [price]. Please don’t buy it.”
Any one of these will make a rich man happy.
Italy here: if I could I would totally buy the Z3, it’s been my dream car for so long… well, next week I’m going to buy a Smart Roadster Coupe, I guess I will have to make do… :)
For the bargain price of $2,413,500 you can own all the cars shown here today!
$5,000k for a mint RT Dakota with low miles? That’s gonna sell instantly
Kinda sad to see this. This collection has grown along with all of us - I wouldn't list ALL of them. Maybe the Stang, the Bentley, the Vette (as it has a changed engine), the Healey - but not the Lambos, not the 456... Jeez. Hoovie, is EVERYTHING IN THIS WORLD FOR SALE? Hope you at least don't list the granma's Merc, which you've said several times you'll never sell? Disappointing news. Greetings from Latvia.
cars that shouldn't be sold imo: -Mustang Retromod -Nassau Blue Corvette -Black everyday Ferrari -Bug-Eye -Countach -Diablo -550 spyder -Z8 -SLS AMG -Grandmas Mercedes -Conversion Van -Trans Am -old blue Mercedes -Apollo 911  cars that should be bought by Hoovie: -300 SL Gullwing -a Porsche 911 from the time that "cabrio" is but as a targa
Keep the Countache!!! It is the ultimate car.
Man, I want the suburban but I can't afford it, have no use for it, and live on the other side of the globe, but man I want it.
First Ed, then Freddy, then Goonzquad, now Hoovie?! This is an interesting car trend I didn’t see coming!
Material things don't make you rich.. before you comment, I live in a bedsit, with a Porsche 928 in the driveway.. that is all anyone needs.. Instead off Elon spending Billions to live on Mars... how about he spend Billions to house the homeless on Earth..
220k for the Z8? Why? They're auctioning for just over half of that...
I love this. The Wizard, who has collected tons of old crappy cars, is telling Hoovie that he is foolish. At least most of Tyler’s cars are somewhat desirable to a much larger segment of buyers. The wizard’s are just unfinished projects that even Mrs. Wizard wants him to quit buying .
I’m hurriedly trying to look for any coins I might’ve dropped behind the couch. That suburban would be PERFECT for the family in every way. So many dream cars, especially for us 90s kids…
Not counting the 85 Mercedes 500SL for a million, grand total is $2,322.000 for everything on the list here in the comments.
I can't imagine that taxes on that fleet.
You can fit more cars in the hangar, maybe consider lining them up in V rows there, would be beautiful to see them together
what happened to the mini?? did i miss it??
What about cars and bids? Too expensive?
I wonder who would ever buy that pimp my ride van....even if it was free lol
I still can't believe it... some downsizing is reasonable for sure, but all of them? Your heart will break if someone actually buys and takes away your favourites...   I'd definitely keep the most important ones, that you're actually using, or very proud to have achieved, unless you really need the money quick.
As Life of Palos would say "Glad to have you here!"
Good Luck
He's not selling his entire fleet. I guarantee he keeps his Grandmothers SL...
I know someone who would very upset if you don't sell him that Countach for the 3rd time haha
Hoovie always talks about that Anniversary Countach like its some amazing, rare, exclusive car... It's not. Anniversary Countachs were the highest production number Countach ever made, they are ALWAYS available for sale, they're common, and compared to the majority of all other Countachs ever made, not that valuable. Yet he never talks about his Diablo, which is worth about the same, and sometimes trades for more. Is rare, highly desireable, and is skyrocketing in value. Even Ed Bolian said it was the one, of all his Lambos, to keep. He keeps that Diablo until he's 65? He'll auction it for upwards of a million dollars, guaranteed... but he's gonna sell it now, to get the new Countach, which is going to sell in huge numbers, and be worth virtually the same amount as it costs now, in 30 years, having earned him nothing.
Hoovie: "Buy my cars!"  Also Hoovie: "Don't buy my cars!"
Are you doing this because you think the car market is going to crash?? I dont understand why your doing this.
Yes the car market is going to crash!  You will own nothing and be happy 🔥💥
*R I P T I D E*  *B L U E*
Someone’s getting a divorce
Alternative title: I'm selling ALL my cars. PLEASE don't buy 'em!
I think it’s a horrible idea to sell the Lambo’s. You have lots of other cars that can/need to go and will provide decent returns. But you got such a stupid good deal on the two vintage lambos that if you do sell you will regret it the rest of your like. Besides in 10-20 years they will be worth a ridiculous amount more than they are today.
What happened to the woodie?  The 51 Ford Country Squire.
Does hoovie's daughter know he's selling her van? :P
Hoovie announcing he's listing all 40 cars up for sale.  Please don't buy it.  2 months after the big sale...Hoovie's inventory of cars sits at 52 cars.
I will give you 5 thousand Australian dollars for the Hummer.. Because it's another bullshit wankers American car.. the bigger the house? More to clean, the bigger the car collection? More that need maintenance and road worthy.. all you earn is spent on the huge house and car collection.. Rule 1 0 1, that ain't going to pay for college for the kids..
What can I get for....*checks account*....$3,500?
Car is worth $ 6000, Hoovie sells it for $ 12000
You could sell the Jurassic Park Jeep for 20K comfortably.  I'm a part of the Jurassic Park Motor pool. It'll sell for between 20-30K respectively.
$3,413,500 in asking prices 😂. I took the time and added lol.
For the love of god Tyler. PLEASE DO NOT SELL THE DIABLO AND CONTOUCH. Those are irreplaceable. Please keep those. They are only going to go up!!
I would punch a baby in the face for that 25th anniversary Countach Lamborghini
There are just some cars you should NEVER sell. I see it was hard for you to do. It was hard and very disappointing for me to watch
nice cars, reasonable prices.  I hope you sell all the ones you want and keep the rest.  :D
I love cars but wow 40 is a lot! Storage, running costs, maintenance etc…will make a nice bit of money on them. Maybe stick some on cars and bids like the DB7.
The only salesman in the world with guts to say - "Please don't buy it. Please don't"
Cue Lil Bibby - For The Low
Finally catching up to you is it? Or is it just time to cash out because you have used cars that people will pay more than they're worth? I'll bet all of you in the Kansas mob sell out now. Who's next? Tavarish?
Yup, way too many cars!
*That sad moment you have to sell all your cars in Midnight Club 3 Dub Edition*
GAH I WISH I HAD 12K
Wish I was there to smack the hoods of the cars yelling “how much!” 😆
How many cars have you purchased in your whole life?
Oh the bullshit you say just to get people to watch your videos
Sell the bmws and the mercs  and any soft top cars . Don’t sell the countash , humma gotta go . Maybach gotta go . Oh hell I don’t know . Your a idiot , don’t sell anything.
I have a better idea. Get divorced!!!! Marriage is more expensive than the whole hooptie fleet
Watching the Car Ninja's eyes light up at the thought of Hoovie selling the Z8 is the most wholesome thing I've seen today.
Hoovie: "I'm selling everything!"  Wizard: "I am never gonna financially recover from this"
i like the '66 Mustang at $35K
I always wanted a 550 Beck Spyder
“No! Bad Hoovie” ! 🤣
Most of these prices are higher than Joe Biden's blood pressure. I should buy the bug eye though.
First Ed now hoovie whats going onnnn.
Nooooooooo
I can't even manage to drive all my cool cars on Forza Horizon, how does Hoovie manage to enjoy all these masterpieces 😭 What a collection
“I’m selling my entire fleet”…. A few minutes later .. “please don’t buy it”
Okay, who’s going to do the math and add all that up 😂
plz dont buy it 😂😂😂
Cars and bids bout to be lit 🔥
Great to see all of your well deserved success Tyler. Why not put your $3.4mil collection on Daddy Doug's Cars and Bids sight?
I'll give you $500.
Please don’t sale all of them 🤦🏾‍♂️
Isn't that your Dad's firebird?
Is John finally getting the countach?
Send the blue Mercedes to Europe. You will get 3 times as much as you want after shipping, I guess... 🤔
..and the ELSINORE'S?? how many kilometers??
Crisis...inflation...debit...?! C'mon Hoovie, what's wrong?
To quote Diablo fans (the game not the car, although I suppose both types of fans are saying it now), is this an off-season April Fools joke?
Its been entertaining watching this show over the years, but I have to say there's not one car at those prices, I would buy...also I would seriously recommend some sort of psychological counseling, you have a serious problem with cars, and I suspect, money management... you need help! lol.
What happened to the raptor?
Why is the audio so low on your videos!!?? I cant ever hear anything!!!
Only 60 more and you can call yourself a real collector.
Someone should pick up that 1995 Cobra R. That’s a great budget track car. Like seriously those things are great stock and if it was modded even more for that track that would be a great car.
Click bait
Is Daddy Doug’s cars and bids not good enough for you!
obviously you will keep many of these because it doesn't make sense to sell them (like the Beck Spyder) so this is just a clickbaity garage update
Am I the only person getting the impression that some member of his family is being held for ransom as he records this?
lots of kilometers!..am I in Canada??
you take crypto? 👀🤔 lol
Are you showboating mister Hoovie?  If you sell everything the wizard will have to close shop.
These are overpriced BUT; each car has a pretty detailed mechanical history in video form archived on the channel. No guesswork
There's a lot of please don't buy it...
Hoovie: “Please don’t buy it, I want to keep it.” Me with $1.87 in my bank account: “Don’t worry, I won’t 🥲”
I haven't finished the video yet, but what can I get for $2,000 CAD?
I don't understand, just sell the car-trek cars and keep the more personal cars.
Some of your prices are retarded. Luke the early 90s suburban... no one will pay over 10k for a 90s suburban lol...
Okay, who’s gonna add up all the prices and see what’s the total value of all the cars? 😄 5 million??
Hoovie angling for a 300SL and going to call it quits.
Sad Hoovie sounds.
When offering a limo you need to tell us who the coach company is that built it so we can decide if we want to look at it.
Did I miss Hoovie selling the Delorean?
First Ed now Hoovie, man I hope the market crashes 😂😂
Hoovie please i'd love to have that e39 M5 - it is mine dream car but my budget is 5000 euro inclusive shipping to Netherlands... No? At least i tried. Good luck with the auctions!
are you getting divorced or something???
I really hoped that you, Freddy and ed was joking about selling all ur cars but now it seems way too serious it will be soo sad to see the Ferrari's and the lambo trio go away just keep these and sell others
Whatever doesn't sell, you can always drive the Hummer over - except the Woody & Bugeye!  :)
I did the tally and it comes upto $2,413,000 🤑 Excluding his old Mercedes gifted by his Grandmother 👵
Hoovie you need to start a museum and just keep them all there...
Really glad you are doing this Hoovie. I recently did a technology purge in my own life and am down to only 6 computers whereas I had 21 a few weeks ago. I have a ton more to purge but man it feels great. I was hoping you would sell all these off and get your dream cars. Well done!
I have most of the toys I can afford and store. I may buy a motorcycle over the riding offseason but no cars. This is an entertaining video, nonetheless.
have to sell all cars to be able to afford repairs of his BMWs
Car Trek 6: Worlds Cheapest F1, F40, and Veyron
Maybe he is deadly sick
I want that Suburban! I'm a sucker for the GMT400s!
At least keep the 'Vette!
Mannnnnnn I’d love to have that TransAm
I need that Cadillac brahm brah
Keep the Fastback Mustang, Vette, Z8, 348, Mercedes 280SE, the Gullwing and the M5.
Too good of a used car market to miss out on.  The problem is, you then have to either wait it out once you sell OR get antsy and end paying than you should for a car in this market.
I heard Jay Leno’s name mentioned
I’m sorry but your prices are crazy on some of those cars. To have as much money as you I can’t even imagine. I’m like 1 blown tire away from bankruptcy. I make $15 an hour and work 50 hours a week. It’s just hard where I live. Washington is one of the most expensive states.
The only hoopties that Hoovie is not selling are Apollo 911 and his 1980s Mercedes-Benz SL
He needs to just put all his cars for sale on Daddy Doug’s platform Cars and Bids
Y'all get my PM on fb ? I sent you a link to a 92 Ford Taurus SHO
Honestly the pricing is unfortunately reasonable for the current times
I want that town car limo
So you want $2.4M for all of em! (Excluding your first car)
You aint selling Gma's car...i know that
if 15 of these sell I'll be impressed.  I'm sure all the American stuff will probably go.
I wanna buy the conversion van
That firebird is probably only one priced good everything else is I don’t want to sell it price
I'll take the Murci.
I want that jeep limited soooo bad
So many cars, yet so little content about them.
Did he say $20k for the Cobra R? Even with accident history it’s worth far more than that!!!!
You  are nuts on the prices
it is super windy at my house too, why?
Give the z8 to car ninja for xmas
You're a moron Hoovie. You pick the ten cars that are guaranteed to appreciate, and you put them in storage. Sell 30 now, and sell the 10 collectors cars when you're 65, and retire on them.
I will give you 1200 for the orange Cherokee 😆,  I know you weren't serious when you said 12k You def couldn't of been serious when you want 12.5 for the Mercedes
“Please don’t buy it”
The green Mustang is the nicest of them all.
The Tesla is tempting
Dont sell all of them, keep the ones you love the most
Obvious stunt is….obvious
Not gonna lie the only car of yours I want is the Conversion Van good thing I don't live in the US otherwise I've bought it. XD
How much for the single seat Mercedes in front of the convertible Lambo?  Thinking I might be able to swing that one….
Time for Tyler to hire an assistant.
Elsehwere!
Why such low prices hoovie...
Keep the frog eyed sprite. It is very cute and normally dirt cheap to maintain. Well dirt cheap in the UK.
Unless I missed something $3,281,000. This includes his Grandmother's and his first car at a million. Sounds like a possible "cheapest" Mercedes 300SL gullwing is in the future to me or  an "Insta Dealership" with quite a floorplan for someone in the market for one.
Not listing on Daddy Doug's website? Tsk Tsk'!
U taxing Hoovie
Reaction:  Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa???????
Great tour!
Just bait as far as I'm concerned, with nothing happening and nothing to look at.
That cobra r and suzuki are cool but I can see hoovie doesn't want to sell much at those prices
JR needs to get a limo, again
Why you selling everything?
He’s gonna buy the burnt chiron
Now you have NO excuse not to buy a 1953 Cadillac. GO FOR IT
Several wks ago I was thinking Hoovie sure has a lot of 'personal' cars that just sit on the Bendpaks.  Not surprised it's come to this.  And the 4 SUVs / Van to haul kid(s) to school is rather redundant.  Plus now is the time to liquidate before the bubble bursts.  It all makes sense but never thought that would be in the same sentence with Hoovie.
Beck spyder and the bug-eye Sprite are my two
I was hoping he’d put a price on the 300 SL. I’d take a mill for my 1992 500 SL too! 👍🤑👍
First time I'm leaving this show having NOT laughed, feeling sick to my stomach,  disappointed, thinking of unsubscribing.  I'm VERY pleased I did NOT become a patron on that BMW Dream Team.  You can't have valued that 740i- your so-called 'love' of this or that, is nothing more than a pursuit of likes, subscribers and/or money. That 500SL is another example. If it was that special,  you wouldn't have named a price. I feel that If you thought a mink-lined Yugo would get you what you crave so desperately, you'd work it into that Dream Team Patreon, in a flash. Makes me wonder if/why/how I (or any subscriber, for that matter) should respect you, or your show/opinion? Just askin'  🤔 😔💔🖖🙏
Why didn't he put these on cars and bids???
Elsehwere?
I though wizard was smacking him because it’ll cut into his yacht money.
The top of the market has just been declared.
So a cool few $ Million for them all???
WTF Howie..I Think it is a gimmick..but don`t sell the Countach. Lifetime mistanke no matter what! Just Don`t !!!
Prices for used kindeys are way up FYI
I see the 300SL Gullwing and or new Lamborghini Countach.....in the future...
I'd drive that caddy
Euronation --> Enunciate that a little better every time it sounds like Urination Bob
I previously suggested selling them but keeping the Vette
I smell a McLaren in the air 🙏🍀☘️🇮🇪🍀☘️🇮🇪
How to get off YouTube.
Amazing, top prices for all these cars. It's a meme.
You got balls of steel man. I recently restored a bike 1987 yamaha rx 100 in india and i got so attached to it that i am keeping it in my bedroom. I can never ever find the courage to sell it.
Someone with a million dollars, buy that Benz!
You told us what you paid for most of them so is there “dicker “ room???
1 cars is more cars than I have ever owned.
Ed/Tavarish: we are selling our cars. Hoovie: Hold my beer .....
Hoovie: I bought more cars--  Wizard: *bonk*
Dont sell the SLS, the Austin and the Countach
I am selling you a scooter for you to go for work
Are those vintage motocross bikes for sale?
The more you say "don't buy it" the more I want to buy them Tyler. You are lucky i have 0 pesos 😂😂
Now if he could only learn to spell! Eslehwere???
I wonder if anyone will try to buy his first car for a million bucks.
Following the Goonzquad!
According to Hoovie and Ed Bolian...we're definitely on the brink of a Great Depression.
Lets be real honest. Car prices are crazy right now and hes trying to cash in.
The 348 and the Murci are irreplaceable because new versions wouldn’t have the same story. Other than those two probably keep the Z8 and everything else can go.
it was time for this to happen. and that you go back to how it started.
I love how Hoovie actually tells you how much he is selling each car for
Your car collection is fantastically beautiful!
Do the stereotypical collector whos in over their head thing and sell all your cars and get a Tesla.
Hoovie I will sell my 2017 Nissan Leaf for -------I don't know because I really really don't really don't want to sell it----I guess $50,000-- please don't buy it!
What does Hoovie know that he’s not telling us.. my guess is the used car market is going to correct itself soon.
Now to Ed offer hoovie. I'll give you 5k for the mustang R
Lame!!!!
Even the BMW "Dream Team" collection!?!? Man Tyler, Talk about not finishing what you started..... Wtf is going on here?? Something isn't right here. Seriously..... Is Tyler in some serious financial trouble??
No worry or concern when all car guys are selling all cars and luxory watch collectors are selling all watches and high ends items.
It's like the Antique shows where the guys doesn't want to part with anything....
Love that the JP Jeep is a keeper!
do you plan a divortion?
The countach and Diablo are million $ cars once the ICE production car ban comes in, you will kick yourself forever if you sell them
Where’s the Prowler???
I have followed Tyler since the day he bought Apollo 911 and the Wizard hated being on camera.  He (and Ed/Freddy) are not only fantastic auto enthusiasts but astute business men.  Watching Tyler build his business (this channel and others) has been a case study in entrepreneurship.  Perhaps the auto market may collapse due to economic woes,  perhaps they have been offered an incredible employment opportunity with Motor Trend, maybe this is a revamping of their channels in light of YouTubes reduction in compensation to creators, or as has been suggested repeatedly he sees this as an opportunity to obtain the car of his dreams 300SL (if Ed gets the McLaren F1 he will need to sell more than his cars and house).  Only they know what the reasons are and we as fans are left in expectation of hearing how it goes.  Whatever the reason for the sale he will miss many of these cars and view it as a sacrifice worth making.  I for one can only wish him success in this latest plan and continued best wishes.  Sorry I only have the desire for several of these offerings and not the resources to jump in.  Looking forward to what lies ahead!
You've become painful to watch.
Wife: "Tyler, you have to put your cars up for sale!" Husband: "But I don't want to 😞"  Wife: "You have no choice" Husband: "So guys and gals, this '99 Honda Civic is for sale for $50,000!"  Haha, total joke but I just wish this was the true story. Good luck on the sales! Some amazing cars in there.
If someone got to that fleet wood before me I'm gonna come physically steal it
Elsehwere!
I wish I had not spent 30,000 this year upgrading and repairing my house. Well, at least I was throwing money at an Appreciating Asset.  I wonder if E M E L Y or Yahiko is going to reply to this comment?
finally, a 500SL for a reasonable price
Is that a TR3 up in the corner?
Has anyone noticed the Hoovie’s garage theme hasn’t been played in recent videos? 🤔
I'm just imagining how much tags and tax and insurance would be on 40 cars damn
Nooooooooooooooooo
I'll buy them all at a sharp discount lol
Anyone else play the game of trying guess the price just before Tyler said his price?
I LOVE YOU HOOVIE BUT ………….YOU BEEN HITTING THE CRACKPIPE WITH THOSE PRICES
YESSSSSSSSSSSS😅
Could someone calculate total sum of all cars together.
I've always wanted a RH drive import
Looking at your inventory I do not really see any real Mopar cars (not suv's I mean cars) I like the Trans Am. It takes me back to the old Smokie and the bandit days. Some cars are fairly priced but to be honest I would have liked to buy the 2 Ferraris
Hoovie sells all his cars Car wizard files for bankruptcy☹☹☹
Good wizard. Bad Hoovie
No! Bad Hoovie!!!!!
Doug off of vinwiki would love that burbon
dude when did you get da bug eye sprite
Hoovie is so goofy I love him
First Ed Bolin and now Hoovie what they up ???
W.T.F are you doing?
Hey! What about that Rolls Royce and Ferrari 355 (?) sitting in the lower shelf?  Edit: Oh, never mind. But how could you miss two cars right next to you? LOL 😆
Market crash coming soon!  I can't think of any other reason everyone is selling all their cars
-  👍 👍 🔧  -
Very sad video
2.3$ Million total  For all who dont wanna add it up themselves... (I didn't include the Mercedes 500SL - 1st car of course)  Very impressive Hoovie
I guess the tax man has been calling.
I'll take the 97 town car limmo but I won't give you a penny over 4 grand
Don’t sell your Lamborghinis😭
I bet in six months you’ll be on Rogan telling your story how you sold out and fucked up. Please God don’t have Pfizer as a sponsor.
I know this sounds horrible but this worries me.....he may be recovering from his car addiction...
Never sell the waggy you will regret it
I wish I had the money. I would love to have a Hoovie Hooptie.
i hope you keeping hummer.
Holy shit!!!! Your insane!!!
I’ll take them all
Hoovie is a bad salesman, he goes like, "here is my car..... and don't buy it". Poor man...
Why Hoovie????
Ah yes, listing at the "I don't want to sell it" price. It does work, as long as the goal is keeping them!
Has your YouTube bubble burst ?
I do want that E36! 5k sounds like a good deal
That M5 is such a good looking car.
You started a OnlyFans account so that people could buy you the BMW lineup, YouTube $$ repaired them, and now you mark them up and try to sell them back to the same viewers who bought them for you? genius!
Tune in to VinWiki in two months for another video of John Temurian talking about Hoovie backing out of yet another Lambo deal.
When the Wizard hit you with the newspaper I died lol I was hoping you would sell that Mazda Miata that one's *CLEAN!* ✨
One of the first videos I watched of yours was you driving your Gran around in the Merc and I was so nervous about you selling it - well played.
i want the cobra R
I love that "elsewhere" is misspelled during the whole video
Hoovies backyard is so big it looks like a golf course. Maybe spend some of the potential proceeds for another garage?
When did he get the cobra R? I remember the ws6.
Nooo... Motortrend🤦
My favorites are probably the 66 Mustang, the Frog eye, the GMT 400 suburban. Great collection of cars. Sad to hear you are selling them. Maybe to save for a certain vintage Mercedes? Lol
Keep the 348!
You talked me into not buying any of them..
me thinks the wife had a word with hoovie hoarder.
Smart financial decision- used car market is amazing right now... for sellers.  I thought you would have posted them all on Cars & Bids though!
Motor Trend costs money right?  See ya big guy.  Plenty of great free content out there.  No more Weeeeezird!
What a disappointment that you’re not using Cars and Bids
Going for that classic Gullwing I see!  Good choice Hoovie
Hoovie going to make more selling these than he did when he actually sold cars
40 cars... BOINK!
@yahoo describes it well !!
How are you selling the Z8?
Would love to get my hands on that E36 M3 but lost me at "swiss cheese".
I really REALLY want that Trans Am, but I don't have any money...      Wanna trade for a 2015 Kia K900?
Rule #1 of this channel: Apollo 911 stays with Hoovie no matter the price he gives it. That car and this channel cannot be separated again.
Would love to be able to have 40 cars or more.  Have 3 including wife's, it isn't enough, I need faster ones.
No plum crazy porsche?
Omg that was the single most funny intro on this channel. When wizard went for the magazine I knew what was coming. I’m crying laughing and yea i might be simple but I’m appreciative for the hoovie.
40 cars is more cars than I've ever had in my entire life.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oh no where did the Hooptie Patrol car? the one with the dispersing sound warning unit!
Really don't think much will sell at those prices.
😢
I don't blame you. Definitely too many cars. Be free Hoovie! Be free!
Good..he can go back to flipping burgers and riding Ed Bolian for money
Where's the GMC Typhoon, and the super-creampuff Dakota RT with 8k miles on it?  Did those sell previously, or were they just forgotten?  OR, are you secretly still hording a few cars you hoped we would forget about?
I want the Trans Am!
So used market must be peaking that Hoovie is cashing in right now?
@DougDeMuro If only there was a place where one could bid on these cars
What can i have for 500 usd hahaha
#thestradman buy Lamborghini
Don't sell your gradma's car, you will regret it later.  I think you should save it for one of your kid's, because it will have double meaning to them.
That's actually not a bad price on the 79 TA
#stradman buy contash Lamborghini
I smell Blood.... Nothing like Blood in the water...
Hoovie, pointing to the Lamborghini Countach: "This car represents my entire net worth five years ago."  Meanwhile, my entire net worth would MAYBE equal the Jeep Wagoneer.  Maybe.  (More likely, the BMW Z3). That E36 M3 makes my heart ache.  I had an E36 318iC that I loved.  So sad to see one that's barely running.
I’m disabled and extremely poor but I really want that Suzuki so I can take it to all the beautiful places here in Washington state and make adventure videos.
Ford Probe _err I mean_ Ferrari 456
Next time on Hoovies Garage: "I bought the cheapest Tucker 48 in the USA"
I am shocked on the low prices! Soooooooooooo tempting....
Truly the dumbest you tube channel in all of automotive history, with your host: a guy that wants to come across dumb so you'll like him, but is actually selling $2.3M worth of autos to take a full time job at another car show. Dumb? Probably a little, but hey...more power to him.  On the other hand, the WEEZARD is probably not putting on much of an act. (great with cars though apparently)
What ever happened to the delorean? You have never said youve sold it and we dont see it in any updates anymore.
Copying Tavarish and Ed. Yaaaaawwwnnnnnn
Ed Bolian after watching this video : “my house is for sale” 😂
That's $ 2368500.- without the million dollar Mercedes. Wow, just WOW
Added all up, thats a cool 2.32 Mil, not including the 500SL....
Someone's wife said "enough"
Why is his friends name urinationbob
The "h" and "w" need to switch places in "elsehwere"
Why do I get the feeling that Elliot is currently looking up the value of a kidney on the dark web....
$18,000 for the mustang.
I need that ESV, mine has 287k miles. Never skipping a beat.
And the point of this is ???? What ?
Most outrageous price was the pimp my ride van lol. $10k for an old joke van???
Shit with those asking prices... I'd sell too...
Wondering why not a three day Cars & Bids Hoovie Special Event?
Hoovie Hoovie Hoovie...
41 cars?
Used car lo
OMG the 95 cobra R 😍😍😍😍 Sorry I am a SN95 fanboy lol
hate to say it --- divorce settlement?
i just would love that Ferrari 348TS <3
I could only see myself buying the Ferrari 456 or the Jeep Grand Cherokee
The worlds cheapest lambargini svj, the words cheapest la ferrari etc etc 😂😂
Any guess on what the first vehicle of Hoovies next fleet will be?
I wonder if Hoovies garage (The dumbest automotive channel on YouTube) provenance will help these sell. If i could afford any of them i would be tempted for the story.
Play the drinking game with Hoovie.  Shots everytime he says don't buy this car.  Lmfao.  Love all your content and sad to see some hoopties leave. But I know good things will come in the future.
Hoovie: -This is my Diablo, it's for sale for 350k. Guy wanting to buy a Diablo forever: YES!! I'm gonna E-mail Hoovie TODAY! Car Wizard:350? I would say 390! Hoovie: Ok, we will go with that then,it's for sale for 390k. Guy wanting to buy a Diablo forever: NOO!! DAMN YOU WIZARD!!! 😉😁
The mustang and the frog eye,would make a nice 2 car collection
Didnt say the mileage on the e36 which im wondering what Hoovie meant by swiss cheese underneath
God help anyone who buys a car that's been owned and driven by Tyler.. Jesus lol..
wizard demonstrating what a lot of people could use.... a little correction....lmao
Clickbait like me saying I'll see my house for a million and my cars for 200k. AKA you really aren't selling them.
Wish I could get my hands on either of those GMT800s!
Those are some exceptionally good prices. I'm glad I got over my exotic car addiction or else I would be pounding on your door!
so what kind of bet did hoovie lose to have to list all his cars for sale?
I got a Cruze to trade final offer.
I want the Cadillac truck! 8k is a steal!
Could be worse. You could have a bunch of boats.
I would love to get that jeep, wild best of luck
Sell that technically horrible Countach you dont fit in, the other Lambo, the Mustang with the swapped engine and the build up Tesla. As a collector you are supposed to upgrade, not to have people choose and buy up your good stuff whilst you are left with the problematic sales. I dont know what you are up to but these Lamborghinis must go.
its the peak of the car market and they all know it. its all about to hit the fan and they know it.
Sell the yellow hummer to whistling diesel. The Lamborghinis and the Tesla will probably sell. Multiple car YouTubers will be buying his cars. Then making videos.  Win win for all.
I would love the ‘66 mustang rest-o-mod, but for that price I think a brand new Mustang GT makes more sense.
Haven't watched this channel in months..... LMAO good to know things don't change!
I’m surprised it took this long after Ed & Tavarish 😆
I don't know which one I want more the Cobra or the WS6
This email will receive loooots of spam....
These prices make me laugh "ha ha"
Please keep us updated on the sales!!
Basically a hooptie fleet update lmao
I saw watchjrgo's episode where he did this. What a nice problem to have...im jealy
That’s 38.38 Bitcoin!!!!!   What a bargain!
My only worry is that, after watching car issues, I know how hard you hammer these after you buy them. Might be better off buying some of these from an exotic rental company that primarily rents to rap stars.
Missed the Chevy Blazer in the hangar!
😂😂😂He cant be serious with those prices
elsehwere.  😀
Hoovie still missed the Green Blazer at the hanger.  That would have been an interesting one to hear a price on.
Hoovie- EVERYTHING is for sale Also Hoovie- on 80% of them "please don't buy it"
tbh the only car of his i would want is the SLS.
All the others can go but there is no way I would part with the countach or Diablo.
Don't do this Tyler!
Once a car dealer always a car dealer.
Ed sold a lot of his cars, Tavarish did a poll on Twitter about selling all his cars, now Tyler is selling all of his… 🤨
Of all the cars If I had the $$ I would get the trans am.
FUCK MOTORTREND! Outside of US we don't have access anymore to some of the greatest contentent. Sad.
Clean title but has theft recovery lpl
That WS6 is gonna be gone in a fucking heartbeat. Also won’t be shocked if a couple of these end up with JRGo.
This specific Suzuki Jimny is called Suzuki Samurai in greece (not the newer one, only this one)
Ugh.   I do really want to buy the T/A.
I had 165 cars, under a period of 10 years, then my wife left me! Bewere! //C   ,-)
Having this many cars is so pointless.
I want the Beck's Spyder, but I don't have the disposable cash...
Why are all utubers selling there cars ??????????
Wish I could afford that Jurassic Park Jeep because my wife loves Jeeps and Jurassic Park so that car would be perfect.
I’m waiting on the bmw fleet full line up 👀!!!!!!!!!
I will buy one or two cars if I win a lottery. Should hear from me soon. :)
Maaaaaaaannnn You need an assistant  not a total sale out , damm  its a shame
Most people buy a sports car for a mid-life crisis but Hoovie selling 40 of them 😂
I'm looking for a 2004 Nissan Pathfinder LE Platinum edition. I love the  Second Generation R50 Pathfinders.
Why are all utubers selling there cars ??????????
Hoovie, i subscribed for sub 5k reliable cars like your manual lexus es and the nissan minivan etc.. i won't stay any longer wasting time on car tips for cars that no regular person would ever own.
😂😂😂 Ed Bolian copy cat 👎🏻 Come on Hoovie, be original! 😈
kinda insane to see hoovie have over 2m in cars since watching since he has 70k subs
Torched Bugatti chiron incoming?
No way is he getting some of those prices.
Hoovies much see the same data I do.  Total crash in stock, housing and car markest is coming.
anyone add them all up?
What did I just watch?!
finally. get rid of the junk and bring in some fresh stuff
$2.4M total asking price. Who's dumb now?
The one i want the most is the express van
Elsewhere *
The Car Trek Trio are up to something, all of 'em selling everything.  HMMMMM
I’ve been guessing prices within $5k of your asking prices. Trans am I was spot on!
You know its the top of the market now boys.
What happened ? He lost a bet ? The doctor told him bad news ? The IRS gave him a visit or some drug lord is after him ? What is going on ?  I'm sure he is going to have some crazy surprise in December for 2x yt money (and I'm not saying this in a snarky way, he totally deserves every sponsor or yt money)
I was overwhelmed just watching this video. I can't imagine how it must feel to Hoovie actually owning 40 cars and putting out content.
Hoovie you have a sickness, the term I really dont want to sell it shouldnt be in your vocabulary hahaha
Anyone else keep a running total? If you factor in the cool million for Hoovie's late grandmother's Mercedes I came up with $3,413,500. It's amazing to see how far Tyler has come over the years.
Yeah you definitely need to get rid of everything!
Is Hoovie going to jail? 🤔
Preparing for when they outlaw gar powered cars....
The cheapest cars in the world now become the most expensive
Inflation is getting real!
dude... you cant sell any of the dream team... at least not until its complete and the cars are done... pictures of them all together and completed need to be taken... I'm Sorry Hoovie... I absolutely can Not condone selling of any dream team vehicles until the team is finished!
Soo sad :*(
Smart move!
I kinda like the suzuki Jimny but its out of my budget
I would have liked the Suzuki Jimny, but I find it overpriced.
ELSEHWERE
Taking a bite out of EuroAsian Bob's business!
This is the best time to sell
Hoovie is cleaning house and has moved on to a more stable side of things as I’m sure he’s probably little burned out. He can only do so much buying and fixing cars. The writing is on the wall that now is the best time to sell his fleet as used car prices is at its peak. I am pretty sure that he also wants to devote more time to his family. Congrats and good luck to your next adventure.
Hey Tyler long time subscriber here, was taking a look at the list and didn’t see the Porsche 911 996. Is that one coming up for sale?
Elsehwere
The 348 for 50K I've never needed 50k more in my life  Hoovie can you please give me one of these cars
When Hoovie has a garage sale he doesn’t hold back ...
total price minus his merc, $2,317,000
My life is really stressful right now, so now I'm going to make it easier by going through the sales process for 40 cars
Mr Tyler, when you buy the 300SL gullwing, make sure to add a 280SL (W113) and a 190SL. They will look nice together.
No less than 5 car channels I follow are selling everything.  Hmmmmmm????
Damn $2.42 million in inventory, not too shabby.
Hoovie blink twice if your wife is making you do this.
Hoovie selling all cars.  Me: Wait didn't he have a 97 camaro? Yea he did..Scrolls furiously through list..SOLD...God Hates me.
The Maybach battery is going flat because the Fiber/MOST system is cut and the audio amp will never get the shutdown signal. Good luck ever fixing that- as more than just the stereo uses the MOST system for startup communication. You'd have to wire up a completely new sound system, speakers, amp and figure out workarounds for each of the other components using the system. Strange as you'd think the drivetrain or air suspension would be the nightmare on this one, but I wouldn't touch a severed fiber system with a 100ft pole
Good luck on the sales.
That WS6 Trans Am is sick. Would love to be able to snag that, always loved those.
That awkward moment when Ed and Hoovie show up at the same abandoned house to buy the same Koenigsegg............
Don't sell the Austin Healey Sprite. It's by far the loveliest car in your collection.
Are you trying to flood the Market and bring prices back down???  Also wouldnt mind 30+ Min Videos
So THERE’S where all the used cars went to. I’ve been trying to find some
Hoovie is obviously stressed out and not thinking properly - open a museum and charge people to view them. Then charge for a trip around the block in them.
What happened to the Plymouth Prowler?
Holy crap....the prices on some of these. The red cherokee 15k$??? I can't sell a perfect running driving 2 door blazer 4x4 , needs nothing, for any reasonable amount at all. People have offered 1500, but seriously it has 700$ worth of tires, doesn't seem to matter that it has brand new brakes, or that the interior is immaculate. Seems like even my squarebody isn't worth anything, it needs a cam, but it's a factory shortbed, 454/4 speed truck. Cant even sell a perfectly good 08 5.3 for more than a couple hundred bucks.
1. Is it possible that all this time you have done all the work by yourself? No assistant?. 2. Prices seem fair. 3. Glad to see the Italian junk leaving so another owner can deal with outrageous repair bills. 4. Taking bets how long it will take to refill  your home garage.
hahaha i love wizard, he's a riot
How could you sell the fake Porsche you barely even drove it beautiful
Cars and bis must be pissed rn haha. Demuro: THIS, is not ok Hoovie
Ninja rules.
Car Wizard to Hoovie: BONK! Go to hoarder jail
Not feeling the seriousness of the sale when the SL is listed at 1 million….I know it’s your first car, but……also, you really should not sell that one, it’s grandma’s car!
Why don't you just Turo these cars and earn
The only two cars I really don’t want him to sell are the SL and the Porsche Spider replica. The first one because of it being his first car, and the replica because it was made especially. The rest are kind of cool, but really, more or less replaceable.
I want the z8 so bad.
i was going to buy all of them from you,but you said dont...lmao
$2,413,500. Not counting the $1m Mercedes, if all were to sell.
Hoovie: what should i sell the z3 for? johny: 6 grand also johny: buys it.
Gotta admit, Euro Nation Bob sure sounds a lot like urination Bob..
#PleaseDontByAnything haha
he has more cars than i’ve ever driven
And the lambo???
I really like the "please, don´t buy it" quote, hahahaha..... Nice move man......!!!!
Make it a rule nobody buys his Grandmas car
They all are selling everything..... What's going on? YT is not paying anymore? Changing conditions?  It is a bigtech company, and being so, probably unreliable......
I'll expect to see them on cars and bids soon..
you are starting being smart and not the dumbest :-) but i would keep the M5, the M3 E46, the SLS, the Aston, and the 500 SL that noboady will by for that price ;)
What happened to the Prowler? I didn't see that in teh video, and I dont recall you selling it.
This is the best financial decision you've made. Sell the peak!
Well, I said in the comment that if Hoovie ever sold the Corvette, I was out. So goodbye everyone.
Funniest thing I've seen Dave do. No Bad Hoovie.
Where's the Range Rover?
Tropical Rolex sub trade for your Gallardo. ( Hasn't turned gold yet )
I am going to buy Granny's Mercedes for a million. Hoovie will become so distraught he will pay anything to get it back.
Hoovie selling when the market is high.
Agree with you kid, is time to sell
all of them? MADNESS. Sell 15/20 yeah but you'll probably never own the real gems in such numbers again........also, next video, "I've changed my mind on selling"
Elsehwere?
Hoovie: Help, I'm buying cars & can't stop!!!! 🎃
the funny part: He'll double his money.
Now you why is everybody selling their cars at the same time
Car Trek hasn't had a Tesla...  I know what's coming in December ;)
I'm broke and can't afford any of these right now, but I especially like the 2000 WS6 and the conversion Chevy Explorer van
That's dumb.
And, what's the total amount for all the cars ? Anybody ?
you should set up a dealership,another one..
85k for a Ford Probe.Tavarish is going to have a field day with that one.
If I lived in America, with those prices dam.. I'd have 3 or 4 myself.
Yes, the car collection is getting a bit hoarder-ish. Yes, I aspire to be like you.
Please don't sell the Azure!!!
Just saw the Wizard die inside! HE NEEDS YOU and YOU NEED HIM - If you really want to make him mad just get a fleet of Land cruisers, and a few Mark IV Supras, That is all you really need! Throw in a Type-R (FK8 or EK9) as a daily....
lol hoovie saw some of those new tax plans and said scurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
Anyone else thinking this is just a way for Hoovie to receive written offers so that he can value his collection?
Sad to loose these awesome YouTube motoring related channels for MotorTrend! Not because it will be paid content, but because *NOBODY OUTSIDE US* cannot subscribe MotorTrend online anymore! It is totally unfair! :(
z8 is the only one car from list i would buy and drive it daily.
Why didn't he list them on Cars and Bids? He must hate Doug.
Don't worry Wizard. He can't help himself. He will buy a ton more to keep your wallet full !!
It's the sweetest thing Hoovie and his Grans Merc, even if someone came with the million he wouldn't sell it.
why would you sell the Z8 and the SLS?
I have one car a Cadillac cts and it has been a great car a 2008 had it for three years and changed tires and oil is all I have done.
Aw man are you ending YouTube?!  Or just clicking the reset button? Edit: Aw I really liked that Express Van, wasn’t mentioned but see it in description.
This is getting old. His prices are all for the super rich. No deals to be had.
Hoovie are you about to be made bankrupt or getting a divorce? Or is this just another publicity stunt like when you allege  the Wizzard put the wrong fluid in your Merc?
My new life goal is to not remember what year my Maybach is.
Wizard smacking Hoovie with the rolled up paper, at the thought of his main source of revenue drying up and floating away... "Bad Hoovie"  haha
What happened to the Chrysler Imperial - my favorite!
Oh boy! I can own something from Hoovie....oh nevermind. Hoovie moved onto way too bougie a fleet
Next Video on CuratedTV: Hoovies didn’t sell me the Countach and the Diablo for the 3rd time
Listing cars for more than fair market prices doesn't equal selling all your cars.
You should never sell your loved ones
Oh my
"the worst M3 you’ll find" I'll take it!
Not the Lamborghini tirade so sad
Thought I clicked on a Hoovies Garage video but it's a Flying Wheels used car dealer video!  flip $400 to a Gullwing 300SL next?
This is what hoarding looks like when you have money.
This is the longest ad I’ve ever watched.
ELSEHWERE
You must have been tired when you were editing this. It's "elsewhere" not elsehwere. Go take your vacation and get some well-deserved rest and relaxation.
Wait, Tavarish is jumping on the liquidation train also? Is the VR4 for sale, and how much?
Selling before the government taxes you on unrealized capital gains???
Elsehwere????….
So Hoovie is trying to sell about 15 of the cars plus the countach which is underpriced, and a lot over priced that he wants to keep (please don't buy it)
The end of an era - surely theres one or two he wants to keep, even in his position id have to keep two or three of the lees expensive to maintain ones, id kill for any of even his lowest value cars.  I smell a possible wifey decision....?
Elsehwere? 🤣
So over 2 mil in cars (excluding the 1 mil merc) what could he need 2 mil for I wonder?
Gettin ready for the reset too?
I want the X5
i feel a  bit let down, we watch you sort all these cars over time and then get no content from them, they just get ripped away!
What ever happened to that s8? I must have missed it.
I wonder if Ed, Tyler, and Freddie coordinate their bowel movements?
It’s funny how after giving the price of a certain car, it is immediately followed by “Please, please don’t buy it”
Awesome! I love this ! Onwards and upwards!
No Tyler please keep the Countach
That Suzuki is awesome
I want the 740!!!
u buying the burnt buggati?
Heres arbitrary numbers on cars most of which very clearly are not for sale.
That crashed mustang could be a really good buy. Since it’s been crashed, there are no fears of crashing it again on the track and having it on the history.
I'll take the red jeep.
Next up....Hoovie retires and lives long and happy on his new island.
If this is a sign that the market will crush , I am excited because enough is enough with this crazy inflation . Now what Hoovie is doing is smart, sell high, buy low.
lol hoovie 40 cars and only one ass to sit in the driving seat
Just do a mass sale over at Cars and Bids.
I'm thinking Hoovie wants a new Countach...
Elsehwere
Just asked my girlfriend if she had $50 K spare to buy one car, I almost got kicked out! 😄
Tyler --- for $28k, I would love to take that e46 m3.  Can we talk?  Knowing you it's entirely sorted.  Shipping may be involved, but I would cover that.
Selling cars at the peak of the market?  Obviously not the dumbest automotive YouTube channel after all.
Ferrari 348 for $50K??  LMAO way too optimistic.  more like $25K
Going to spell elsehwere like this forever. Thanks hoovie😂
Lolol please don't buy it xD
Don't sale Lambo they will go high up in there value in 1 years
This guy made a half hour video to tell us he doesn't want to sell any of his cars
Yup, definitely have car issues if you dream of buying and owning a car, get it, then sell it a week later.
Someone needs to buy the ws6 that is a a steal
"ARE YOU READY KIDS?"  Makes me wonder if that came from your childhood, your fatherhood, or through memes?
0:18.  The greatest piece of automotive advice ever delivered by the Car Wizard to be bestowed upon Hoovie.
I volunteer to drive all your cars on a regular basis, if that helps. Just make sure the tank is full.
Wow I hope that red trans am is still available in June. That’s my dream car and it’s already built.
When is John (Watch JR GO) going to buy that run down M3? Seems like exactly his kind of car.
There are so many cars we haven't seen in a long time or are just parked. You should sell them.
Alot of high mileage cars and suv's !!!
Hoovie cashing in on the silly car prices. Good idea
Well we know Hoovie is NOT a truck guy!
He said: "Urination:........ ROFL
Wife: its the cars or me Hoovie: don't make me choose Wife: stomps foot Hoovie: I'm kidding.. of  course it's you. Wife: I want proof..
I have a 2011 Dodge Avenger Mainstreet with a 2.4  cylinder and 152000 miles, I sell it for only... $20,000, but please don't buy it.
wait, the 500sl for only 1 million?? man, you played yourself.
I call fake news on this
if i had money like hoovie i think i would buy a hanger and a few cars as well .. maybe not 40 but wow there is some money in those  .. i guess he is sending his kids to private school :)
What is going on? First Tavarish and now Hoovie
most of the cars you have listed them at prices that prove you don't want to sell
Hoovie: I'm up to 40 cars. Wizard: *bonk* go to hoopty jail
I have all these cars and will tell you how much for you to buy it. Also.. please don't buy it. hahahahaha
there are no non-military hummers without issues
Would love to see the Diablo on Cars and Bids
I should have you sell my 2009 Nissan Cube!!!!!!!!!!
This video gave me so much anxiety lol
Elsehwere?
Long story short: Please don't buy any of my cars! 😂😂
Word is Stradman is getting that Bugatti Hoovie...... don't even bother.
So he would have enough for the Mercedes
I want that W6 so bad. I hope it comes with a mullet
Please do not sell the '66 Corvette.
Is the green Bronco for sale too? @19:37
So hoovie seems like you need like a maintenance guy aka lot attendant for your fleet, I can be that guy, take them to get serviced while you’re busy, I say starting salary of about 80k ? I also do basic mechanics 😉, might actually save you some monies lol
Will you take 2 mil for the lot?
I’d trim it down to 5, but that’s just me.
Daddy Doug would be unhappy if you did not list them on Cars & Bids.
rarely seen a men in such agony.
Lead story on Life of Palos tonight.
Hoovie what happened to the 200,000 mile Mercedes G Wagon??
The "Riptide Blue" incident was my Vietnam.  Admittedly, I’ve lived a charmed life.
John Temerian is probably watching, saying sure it is for sale....lol
And this folks is how you know the used car market is crazy. Would be dumb not to sell, lots of money to be made.
If I had the money to blow, the Ferrari 456 would be fun.
Was waiting for the riptide blue.
John Temerian is going to show up at your house tonight with an axe for publicly listing the Countach and Diablo.
Busily talking myself out of the Escalade and the M5!!!
12 grand for a 95 Grand Cherokee?  Hoovie, you're out of your mind.
Man, you could be like Jay Leno.  You were off to a good start 🤣
Love the WS6 sad to see that one go.
Are you pulling an Ed Bolian?
You should listen to you friend....bad hoovie
I was 90% sure this was related to some problem with youtube monetization
The Sprite looks happy to be for sale
Imma stop watching after this.
I want that Escalade. Great car.
is that your hangar
So you want to keep a BMW and sell the Lamborghini
Gettin Ready for TAX time Ay.....
Just think ...anybody that buys any of these cars is saying adios to their hard earned money....within days and some cases hours probably of driving  them, the cars will be fucked , one way or another to a lesser or greater degree...theyll all need endless repairs of one sort or another...good luck to whoever, youll need it and an endless inflow of money
The Bronco?
Hold up. So far he's said don't buy it for everything 🤔
Don’t sell the 740i
Nope cheapest model s front hat year is on car gurus 25k
This feels like “someone told me there will be a recession so I’d better sell all my cars fast!”. Not exactly confidence inducing.
Roughly 2.3 million for the lot.
And the year keeps getting worse. Now hoovie is selling his fleet. What’s next in 2022 a literal word ending apocalypse?
What about the green and white Chevy 4wd n the Hangar?
Wasn’t there a Bugatti up on Copart all the Youtubers are trying to go after?
shiba comes good ill buy that white lambo, ah, i can dream
Tyler: "I'm selling everything!" Also Tyler: "Please don't buy it"🤔
This should be interesting to follow..
Sounds like a lot of money but Hoovie has told us before he's in debt to buy these cars, so most of the earnings will be spent on paying off the car loans I think. Regardless, smart decision, cars are depreciating assets, investing it into stocks is way smarter.
Getting out at the top of the market, smart move.  Then he can bankroll the next few years of buying, or he'll stop altogether.
the Maybach 57 is sooooo tempting....
12k for a 95 grand cherokee with slight modifications? I'll have what Hoovie is smoking
Did you sell the LX 470?
Apollo 911 and the bus seat Ferrari are the spirit of this channel!
TYPICAL AMERICAN !!!!!!!! exaggerates about everything ,,,, , Had no time to get to the Bank ,, in 3 weeks ,,, ,,, I was married to a AMERICAN for 7 years she was just the same ,,, hard to have a normal conversation with out 3 fold exaggeration all the time  ....
Ill take the whole fleet. $5. Take it or leave it pal.
I so want the escalade truck!
TYPICAL AMERICAN !!!!!!!! exaggerates about everything ,,,, , Had no time to get to the Bank ,, in 3 weeks ,,, ,,, I was married to a AMERICAN for 7 years she was just the same ,,, hard to have a normal conversation with out 3 fold exaggeration all the time
What happened to the purple Porsche 💜 ??
Wait, you have 40 cars now…. I agree its time to unload some of that fleet!
I don't think a fleet of cars containing Lamborghinis, Ferraris, a Bentley, and a Maybach can be called "The Hooptie Fleet." I hope the new fleet will actually be worthy to be called "Hooptie."
considering used car prices now is the time
Man wish i had some cash to buy a car from Hoovie. Talk about a once in a lifetime opportunity. Maybe I need to sell my 460whp Honda lol.
For shame!!!! Youre not serious about selling ANY of these vehicles!!!!! 12 grand for that jeep?! Lmaooo what are you smoking, you must have tapped into the wizards stash!!!! Holy cow weren't you worries about offending your supporters inteligence?!
Tyler: I'm selling all my car's........  Also Tyler: don't buy any of them I love them all
Hoovie, you've spelt elsewhere incorrectly
I have calculated all the price and it is somewhere around 2.3 million dollars 🥶 (not adding hoovies grandma's mercedes and the Jurassic jeep)
Am I the only one who’s very happy Tyler is not selling the 85 benz
Hoovie I will move rite now to Kansas n b ur assistant n pick ur cars and whatever else u need that ur too busy to do.. I live in Philadelphia n would leave tomorrow..I'm 47 and love cars more than anyone on the planet!!!!
Good luck Hoovie, can't wait to see your next move!
Hmmmmm……..  all 3 selling their fleet.  Is this related to an upcoming Car Trek series?????
Love wizard !
Hoover will need to contract many people to handle this many sales
The little Suzuki Jimny is awesome
WHAT THE HELL IS A KILOMETER?   YOU GO BRITISH ON US?
I want the van
Good decision
I’m shocked! No words….
Keep the lambos and the manual ferrari, sell everything else lol
Urination Bob? Charming.
TAG JAY LENO! I’m pretty sure he is interested in some of your cars!!!
Let me guess: You're selling to raise cash to by Tesla stock?
Ed did same thing recently I think they know the collector car market is going to crash soon…
19k for BMW 740, lol nice joke
Best intro ever??
I have 75 cars in...gta lol
Will the Car Wizard perform PPIs for potential buyers?
If only hoovie provided an email - I wonder if he’ll answer inquiries elsewhere?
BONK!! go to hooptie jail
These prices are insane, must be the Hoovies Garage provenience premium. Over 2.3 million if you get the asking prices. Not including the $5k 1985 Mercedes 500SL euro listed for $1million.
Rip Tide Blue Escalaaaade!!!!! Messaged on the email.
In its own way, this feels like the most honest car dealership I've ever witnessed over the years.  From seeing how the repairs were done and the trials and tribulations that Tyler went through, it's poetic.  Wishing you all the best in selling your cars!
Hoovie “I’m selling all my cars!” *prices them out of range for most viewers*   Hoovie “I bought the cheapest _________” Also Hoovie “I’m selling the most expensive __________”.   🤨
Haven't watched the video yet, but I'm expecting a swerve.
What was that about liking cars? Oh yeah, bs.
That tesla is tempting i been wanting a electric  car
Lol all my cars are for sale but please don't buy them!
hoovie, if u had the chance to give one for free, which would it be ?
What do you know that we don t....ed Bolian, tavarish, goonsquad then you ...everybody sells their fleet...
So essentially,  there are 4 or 5 that are actually for sale.
Be sweet if @stradman bought the Diablo and Countach!
My house is technically sold and closes in 30 days. So if your 348 is still available by then I will buy it. I’ve been waiting for you to finally say you’ll sell it bc in every video you said you were keeping it. My girlfriend is going to kill me though
you see those liberal taxes coming?  Ya, I don't blame ya...  Property tax is theft...
John Temerian isn’t falling for this again.
I need the Tesla!
He is selling them all for a total of like 1.5m Jesus christ
I can’t wait to see what happens next
12 Grand for that WS6 is a steal. I'd be all over that if I could get another car right now.
Where is the woody?
The amount of wealth You have gathered is very impressive. To put into perspective my mom bought her first home in 2004 for 77,000USD 😂 Hoovie has like 15 $50,000 Cars he doesnt even drive thats crazy wealth compared to us avg folks.
Please give us updates on what is sold. I would love to get that M3 e46 but I don't need another car.
Clearly you guys over there, pay Way WAY to much for cars 😕
Damn bro, you would sell your dead grandma's car that started your love-affair with cars? Even for 1 mil that's ice cold, man.
Hoovie..!! Do not sell the Countach !!  You will regret that one. ?? Sell everything but that.
I hope they all sell and we get another 40+ car cycle going. I want the Jimny and the SLS.
No price on the van?! Nevermind, edit got it.
Another great video...
everyone knows that John is going to be livid over the white 25th anniversary edition. screw him again hoovie. NICE
That ZJ would be sweet at like $8g 😉
If you add up (excluding the already sold Camaro and the 1 million usd SL) the total is: $2,322,000
Anybody finds this interesting that all big YouTubers are selling their fleets? Goonzquad, Hoovie, OnU etc.
BETTER LET NINJA BUY THAT Z8
Is there any chance to somehow watch Car Issues season 1 in Europe?
i'll trade you my Bicycle
Did Hoovie bump his head. Some of his prices?
Smart time to sell pre crash. Market peak.
You said you're selling your whole fleet, but I distinctly saw a grey convertible Benz next to your lambo I didn't hear you mention...
The only car I can probably afford in Hoovie's fleet is that Mercedes parked in front of the Murcialago.....yeah, his son's toy car 🤣🤣🤣
Looks like someone else is also going for that Bugatti Chiron that is about to be auctioned off.
Hoovie that Jimny is awesome! Love the samurai's from back in the day but could never get one. Hoping you buy another one and sell it in 5 years! 😂
What?!  You're selling the Beck?  You can't sell the Beck!
Pulling a goonzquad on us huh?
I can see cleetus buying that trans am or mustang for the FF 🤘
I wanted the Typhooooon.
Geez, 41 cars! You are a real hoarder .
Cashing in!!!
What's going on? Gas monkey making changes, Ed, Freddy and now hoovie, what do they know?  Wizard rolls up a magazine, no, bad hoovie..... Pure gold 🤣👍
Crazy,but…he doesn’t say this is the dumbest automotive channel in all of YouTube for no reason 🤣, gotta love Tyler 😄
12k is a good deal for that 2000 transam
Is the reason for this a certain mercedes gull-wing ?
Prices are high crazy
I only need to win the lottery before the ones I want are gone .
"please don't buy it" Translation I HOPE THIS SH@#$& SELLS ASAP!!!! BUY EM ALL BIT@#ES
ELSEHWERE
$85k for the CarTrek salvage one car made from two cars Arabian sucker purchase?.....you'll be lucky to get $25k....put them CarsAndBids or BAT with no reserve if you're not blowing smoke out your tail pipe.
Have you even collected your bmw fleet yet?
I'd buy that Fleetwood.
Two things. I guess the wife does not want to trip over 40 cars every day, and two, what has happened to the BMW fleet video?   I do wish to see that.  NM, he addresses this around the 9 minute mark.:
That Trans Am…🤤🤤❤️❤️
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tell me that Cobra R does not sit outside?!?!?!
Does people in the US still use check?!?!?!?!?!?! They are still living in the 1800s, my country stopped with check in the 80s lol.
So basically, Hoovie is going from a large collection of broken cars, to a small collection of hopefully nice cars, if I'm getting this correct? I can get behind that. Cars are cars. It's been fun, but the new content will probably be great too.  Just one request. I don't care what it is, but keep 1 hooptie. Then, every time you look at it, you can remember the past memories of the hooptie fleet. A monument to the past, as it were. You will thanks yourself later when you do this, when you smile at said memories.
If you have to give a family style vehicle away my wife n two baby’s would take it just to get the stress off your shoulders.  Thank you in advance!!😬
Yahoo??? Was the gmail address taken?
Some pretty great deals. That jeep gw is easily a $30k vehicle.
True hoopties for average Craigslist retail. What could go wrong?
PLEASE DON'T BUY IT!
Where did the MINI go?????  I WANTED THAT!!!
Perfect time to sell.
Biggest mistake any buyer can make???? Buying from someone that does not want to sell!!! Run away!!!
I severely wish I had $15k laying around for that Grand Wagoneer, it would be an awesome cruiser and frankly that's a pretty good price.
Sometimes you have to purge and bring in some fresh inventory for new content. It's all about the journey (the hunt and the project aspects) after that I always get a hankering for something new to tinker with. Keep up the content! Can't wait to see what is next
👀
10k for the “Pimp my ride” van 😳😳😳. I was expecting $500 😂
So many wonderful cars. Wow 🤩 I’ve been watching you show for many many moons didn’t think the collection got so big
Selling all the cars, isn't that crazy? Is he fearing oilmageddon and trying to pull out while cars preserve their value?
the Austin Healey Sprite must be the happiest car in the world
I predict he actually sells three
If you get rid of the car issues cars and the BMW dream team, you'll be down to 25, that's a reasonable number, maybe get down to 20.  ;)
Can someone elaborate on the new trend of selling everything?  Is it a bit or something?
I was gonna say, the two you absolutely should not sell if your Mercedes from your grandma. But at a mill I don't think it'll sell lol. And Apollo 911. All the others, eh. A lot are cool but whatever lol
10k for that Fuckin minivan that didn’t come with a title?  Hahaha
holly shit... the caddy i guessed 15k... i think we can make a game out of this...
So I was bored and excluding the mercedes SL its a total of $ 2,322,000.00
Tyler acting like having a net worth of $450,000 five years ago is a bad thing 😂 lol I’m broke! Only worth a messily half million 😭
Hoovie: I am selling all my cars. Also Hoovie: please don't buy them!
He isn't gonna sell even 20% of these 😅. Just a video to brag and tease us all...I bet he may sell a few but there's no way, watch an see...
Did he actually say 10,000 for that pimp my ride van?  i don't understand how anyone would pay over 1000 for that.
Hoovie single handedly solving America's used car shortage by releasing part of his strategic auto reserve
Can we at least get a video on that Escalade EXT
Best problem to have.
the difference between Hording and collecting is presentation .
I think fewer cars will do your pocket book a power of good and reduce your stress. Happy wife means happy life.  For the future, do not have a Lamboghini available for the time when your daughter has learnt to drive (so that she can't crash it). Have a good holiday.
Hoovie's trying to get out before the Build Back Bankrupt measures hit...
Daddy Doug Demuro:  "Do me and Cars and Bids mean nothing to you."
Selling everything...going through a divorce???
Crystal meth? Rofl!!!!sell them all!!! Leave only few...
I just emailed on 1 I want to buy. KEEP FOR 2 YEARS, SELL BACK TO HOOVIE #Apollo911
All my cars have always been for sale.  Can't get $1500 for a roller '64 Riviera that's worth more than that in parts.
Don't you have to pay for motortrend?? No thanks
Which one would you buy if you had the money? GO! -Ferrari 456
Hoovie sounds conflicted. He may have to seek psychological help which he will also need to finance lol.
I start watching this odd funny guy on YouTube fixing hoopties, a few years later he’s selling 40 cars. I’ve been thinking Hoovie was putting together a dealership, but it’s more like an empire. Good job.
You should take one of those cars and raffle it off to whoever guesses closest "How much Hoovie has paid to the Wizard to date."
You keeping all the Benz's hahaha
Hoovie ! You need an assistant! Phew! I am tired just listening to you.
Noooooooooooooooo  So much love,so much time and effort,my heart is broken watching this. You better buy even more rare and unappreciated classics in near future!
Yo Don't sell your first car.
2:28 go to the bank to deposit a check? Huh? What year is this?
do what now
rip dream team
You’re starting off at a very high point with your pricing 👀👀👀
That would be $2,413,500 if they all sell except for the 85 Mercedes 500sl. That's crazy that he keeps almost a million and a half dollars worth of cars just at his house.
Hoovie's click bait garage
Who's vintage Honda CR MX Bikes are those?
Good luck
Smartest thing ever dump everything while prices are super inflated before the used car bubble pops
Next episode: I bought the new Countach!
28G for the happy little frog? Talk about giving it away.
I like this one - 1973 Mercedes 280SE 4.5, 120k mi, original paint survivor, sorted, $12,000
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something i shouldn't have seen about Hoovie ôn nmnm.Lol again: I only saw the dms, poor girlfriend
anotherone behind the paywall and goes.... we gonna miss you hoovie. best wishes in the next era.
Unsubscribe
This is the third automotive You Tuber I know of selling everything in sudden fire sales… what’s going on? Are they all clubbing together to stop Ed Bolian buy that Bugatti?
I think you may have misspoke on the red Grand Cherokee, you meant $1,200 right? not 12000
How much is the excursion ? I am very intrested in that
I'm relatively new to this channel and in most Hoovie videos I saw, he talks about how he really, really wanted a certain car and how glad he is to finally have it and how he had to put a lot of money into it, but it is totally worth it, because he likes it so much and now, all of a sudden he is going to eject all of them? Got to say, that makes me feel as if I can't really trust the things he says about his cars and his relationship to them. Feels kind of like watching a guy talking about his rocky marriage and how he fights to make it work and how he loves his wive and then he suddenly gets divorced to make room for a trophy wife, hehe.
Come on Hoovie, who are You trying to kid. Us or Your self. 🤣😂🤣
How about being a huge hero and giving one away? asking for the rest of us.
Why is he selling everything? All his cars? Does he have real money issue? Or does he know the prices will go down soon and want's to sell everything to make a lot of money before the prices normalize ?
Nooooooo
OK didn't expect this but I get it throw a stupid price out there and see if you can get any sucker to stick I mean why not they did this to you all these years so why not!
I want the trans am
You feel so much better after you sell half of these.
But but but but not the Countash noooooooooooooooat least keep that
Keep the 740i. S62 swap it. I beg of you.
Cereal Marshmallows did it first
I wonder how much this has to do with the current inflation and the threat of a major crash on its way.
Plot twist: it’s the wrong email
Wow - the violence
$12k for a ZJ?
I despise MT since they took down all their vids especially roadkill and made them paid subs but I am super curious about this show lol I will probably sub to MT and pay for it just to see Car Issues
Anyone else noticing wealthier people selling off assets? This inflation about to hit hard.
I agree with Hoovie. He needs to sell half of his collection. It's nuts to have cars in more than two places.
I want the 2k Trans Am in the worst way...   Wonder how I could talk the wife into it...
Hoovie - Everything's for sale.   CarcPrice  tags - Nothing's for sale.
I'll take the Sprite.
Probably a good time to sell as the price trend for used cars is expected to start dropping as the semiconductor shortage is improving and with rising gas prices people will probably be looking for more fuel-efficient cars over the next few years. Still, a shame to see so many classics leaving the fleet we have become accustomed to.
Don't do that don't sell 🙏
Man, I thought Hoovie was about to do a Rockets dance
Ohh that M3 is tempting I’m seriously debating on buying it, I’m just not sure what it’s going to be like after he takes it to the track.
When he says don’t buy it really he means please buy it
Love that Escalade truck..one day :) good luck with sale bud.
We have a Jurassic park keep in my town
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"Are you ready kids" cracked me up lmao :)
Well... And I thought the Stradman was the millionaire YouTuber
Finish the BMW fleet. This is crazy what you're doing, but good luck.
Yep. In the comments, a couple of us said that Hoovie was like a puppy. I guess Car Wizard agree with us! XD  But, Hoovie, why put all the cars in your fleet when obviously, you want to keep some of 'em? Anyway. If I wasn't disabled and had zee money, I'd go for the '79 TA, the Sprite, the '95 Cobra, the SLS AMG and the '88 Caddy.
OH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,  EURO-ASAIAN
More cars than I have toy cars....
I thought you loved all those cars, loved restoring them was insanely passionate about them and intended to keep them forever.  Thought they were your dream cars, not commodities.
Urination Bob has entered the chat. I'll take them all for $300k.  Offer good for 2 hours.
Another selling his collection!!!!! There's a huge crash in the market coming......
Out of all of them- if I had to pick one- it’s RIPtiDe BLuE
I would do anything to own that beck
Is this like the Scotty Kilmer show saying goodbye once a week? Didn’t that guy offer you money for the countash?
BUY back the nsx
I might have forty Matchbox cars.
Wonder how many cars are gonna leave... 🤔
Something for everyone. For me the blue Mercedes 280D is perfect. It will sell today Iam sure. My heart is racing and so was Hoovies. Looking forward to the Sales Results. Cheers 🇨🇦
Why are you selling all of your cars?
If you sell all of your cars the WEEEEZARD may have to lay off 2 of his mechanics.
Buy my cars! Under his breath, "don't buy it:("
i actually would love to take your riptide blue escalade but i cant justify another car
The Wizard was funny I think he meant to say how am i going to buy more yachts
Lol you want to sell everything but you also want to keep everything at the same time lol
I guarantee this is all a farce, Tavarish, Bolian, and Hoovie, This has got to be a car trek challenge to see who has the most value in cars.  That's my thought anyway! :)
Good sales pitch. I’ll have none of them please 😂👍
2:48 - Hoovie, you spelled Elsewhere wrong lol
Every since goonzquad start saying they were selling some cars like a week ago I been seeing other auto channels doing the same lol
Was the Wizard's admonishment for SELLING or HAVING 40 cars?
Car Trek Challenge 🤣🤣🤣
Not gonna lie a few of those firebirds are tempting
Whats up with YouTubers selling all their assets? literally every single one is doing so right now. is this a sign of the end of YouTube?
What kind of car or cars do you have in your sights.......? That would provoke you sell all those beauties ....I'm guessing ... classic Ferraris....or maybe something more modern like a Koenigsegg?
Holy fuck the clickbait, thats a dislike from me
Hoovie selling the cornerstone of Wizard’s business.
Whats that ferrari doing in the hanger?
I'm going to miss Hoovie saying Countage.
You know you could list all these for free on CARS AND BIDS.  😆
Hoovie, What about the Typhoon?
The 308…
That's depressing, I don't have credit to get my dream car until next month
Bad Hoovie!
So if I did my math right, minus the grandma Mercedes hes at like 2.5ish million in cars......
FREE bottle of water in every car 😂
Hoovie: I'm selling my fleet... Please don't buy (most of) them. Gonna need a spread sheet to figure out what you're letting go versus the ones you don't really want to sell.
"Don't try to lowball me. I know what I got!"
Saying pls don’t buy it lost it’s earnest feel real quick 🤢
I'm just saying, if you bait and switch John Temerian again he's going to have you whacked.
Please don’t sell Apollo 911 again 🤞
I guess the Wagoneer's going to be the winter beater?
i think..... its not the last time that you will have +40 cars........am i right????
Don't forget, Hoovie is a terrible negotiator.  Offer him half of his asking price and throw in a rusted chevy cavalier.
I want that fbody trans am.. Crashed my c5 corvette about a month ago and still havnt heard any info from insurance, and by the time I do, it'll probably be sold 😭
What about the 1971 K5 Blazer? Or was that the dad's?
I'll give ya $2500 and a high five for the 97 m3
Lets go, Brandon!
The 1985 SL isn't asking enough at a million. Sentimental value is priceless.
So wish I could afford to own the Fleetwood Brougham.
Does this mean that you'll finally be buying an Alfa?
Hoovie: Everything is for sale!!! (looks at prices) Soooo not actually for sale.  JK they dont seem terrible for starting the conversation.
I wish I had the money to buy that beautiful C2
Hi how are you hey im just going to im wanting to do a you tube channel out her in Arizona do you got anything free for me to start i had to ask thanks and great channel i watch it all the time and thanks hoovie
Where is the Maybach?
What happened to the '51 Country Squire?
Holy high-ball, but I suppose everything is for sale if the price is right.  Also, I prefer the less-scripted content
Hoovie saying don’t buy it knowing full well a million cash would be the outcome …. Lol
Why not put them on Daddy Doug's site?
He should just put them all on cars and bids
Hoovie plays dumb but he knows to sell at the top of the market
You gonna buy that Bugatti, admit it. The one that burned the front left tire/fender. I heard that was listed for 800k.
Man I want that WS6 but the wife says no lol 😂
I'd keep the Z8, porsche replica and old Corvette !
I'll make it easy for you. I'll take the entire collection and I'm willing to go 2 Million.  Do you take Yen?  :)  Honestly I hope you don't sell the Countach or Murci any of the others could go but I would never let go of those two Lambs.
I didn't have time to watch this whole thing does anyone know if he still has the DeLorean?
Please don't sell the sls !
Hoovie selling his Lamborghinis just makes John Temerian very very happy.
By my calculation, that is $2,445,500 worth of cars for sale.
If I had to keep 3 it would be …the Speedster, the 348 and the X5 (or 740) . I look forward to the rebuilding of the naughty forty though.
Several need to go but many need to stay
Love the Z8 has been prepared for sale... :D
What can I get for 5 bucks and half a snickers bar?
Heheh just like AA. my name is ______ and I am a car addict.
The price of used cars is really out of control.
Interesting, no "Cars and Bids" huh?
I think the 84 wagoneer with 200k miles is safe from being sold, unless it was a typo and it should say $1,500 not $15,000.
Cars and bids with reserve. Easy 😉
Selling on a crashing market. Hurry up n sell
$3,322,000 If Hoovie can sell all these cars! what should he buy with that cash?? $$$$
So basically, everything is for sale at scalper prices.
Wish I could afford that M3 😩
Cars and Bids all of them.
Who gives this great guy a👎, Hoovie always provides great videos.
Does anybody have $3,322,000 I can borrow?
When did Hoovie sell the Gwagon?
Wtf?
Are you on drugs
Where is the G Wagon?
In the rc community, you admit you have a problem and get more shelves. 😉
I'd take that X5, but I live in Europe...
I can tell he owned the car lot from his over inflated prices 😂
I think he just called the top of the used car market.
Don't sell the Z8, that car will be worth a million one day.
Yahoo? Who is still using Yahoo email accounts and why?
Fire sale!
Not gonna lie that trans am wr6 is tempting. My 16 year old self is pestering me to get it. But I do not have a garage and Chicago winters are not kind.
I'm curious about all the low offers he's going to receive for each car.
He misspelled "elsewhere". That is all lol
I guess the neighbors started to really complain....
i am 21 and i have 30 cars do i have a problem?
Do not sell the 1965 Corvette, the BMW Z8, the Lamborghini, the Ferrarri 456, 348,
40 cars lol I got 4 all running lol that's enough for me
You spelled Elsewhere wrong when giving your email address on the screen.  My offers have just been cut in half.
Tyler knows the economy's going to collapse.......time to unload all that junk(you've had your fun...)....not that the Dollar's going to be WORTH anything. Prepare is all I can say. It's going to get V-E-R-Y--U-G-L-Y out there. Oh,and buy some  Firearms if you haven't already,you're going to need to protect yourself(s)from all the skitso/nut-jobs runnin' around. Oh,and have a nice weekend!
The email address didn't work
Cant tell if he is the worst car salesman or the best
Can I buy the lexus from the 90’s you have? The one you paid $200? 😃
Some serious profit margin on the Countach and Diablo 😳
I'll take the mustang for $1.
I cant be the only one that was super disappointed that he didnt slow it down, amd make his voice deep, when he said "riptide blue"
Now would be the time to sell your cars. There is a dealer near where I live with an empty lot. At first I thought they went out of business, but after further investigation I am pretty sure they just sold all of their cars. I bet sometime in the future the supply issues will be worked out, automakers will meet and then go over demand, and prices will fall again.
There's no doubt on the tagline - Truly the dumbest automotive channel on YouTube. After amasing a great collection of cars, you sell them all? 😳
sell off cars....pay off loans.....continue to make it on youtube and frikkin'n retire! play with the little ones and the wife as much as you can. we don't grow younger after all. :-)
Unsubscribe
Look at all that money that daddy Doug is missing out on with Cars and Bids.
This guy can write off all of his cars as buisiness expenses... smart guy
Welcome to Hoovie`s Garage:  the smartest car channel on YouTube.
😰😰😰😰😰😱😱😱NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
please pleasde keep the z8
Bruh
you’re selling your first car? honestly didn’t think you’d do that
The prices are let me hammer you in the A$$ price. He's are car dealer at heart!! Really don't buy them! Only an idiot would buy at those prices!!
That sls is an 300k car in europe.
I think Hoovie is saving up for a 300 SL a.k.a the Hooptiewing
Dang, I was thinking you had a Ford lighting
Not Grandma's
Hmm, sorry to no longer see Hoovie videos anymore... :(
Without grandma’s car the total is $2,413,500…
If you sell the coutach....I'll disown you
Why are all youtubers doing this nonsense it is so boring. Big thumbs down.
Sell the ones you are comfortable with selling on cars and bids
I added all the cars in the description, minus his first car, and the total was $2,294,000 Wow
I sell everything as well! Might buy the Suzuki for that.
Look at this dude using Yahoo in 2021... bruh... Killer collection... Hope you sell them all!
If you sell those manual ferraris that cheap your gonna regret it. And the e39 m5 should never be sold.
As someone who recently started watching, I'm lowkey sad
Hoovie “I’m selling everything” Wizard “I’m selling all my yachts”
Still my car collector hero. As soon as I take over a small nation, or marry a Rothchild, I'll get back to you on sales.
So you want to buy a 3.249.000$ Mercedes 300SL, I presume? At least that's what this looks to me. Although I haven't watched the video yet.
I think you have a new strain of the virus 😅
I’ll buy the 1994 gmc suburban but will you agree to buy here pay here monthly payments scheduled?
"please don't buy it," Tyler really doesn't want to sell 🤔
My favorite is the MB 4.5.
All my cars are for sale....  don't buy it
I have a feeling that this video is really made by hoovies finance company
Imagine having a neighbor with a car collection of 40 cars totaling 2-3 million, gotta be a love hate relationship
It must be bad when Hoovie ends up putting his grandmother's Merc on the list.
John Temerian sending an email as I type this.
Hoovie's collection, not counting the SL that was his first car is going to $2,378,5000
only cars id keep is the countach and hummer
I am getting married and its expensive!!
Well I wished u didn't sell 7 of the cars. Well now I'm not happy about it.  Selling them just to but 1 dream car how stupid
I'm sick too. I could buy 40 cars no problem.
I’m so glad you’re doing this… It soothes my OCD. I’ve been waiting!  Nice to start-over… Don’t stop until they’re all gone. And that will actually make some fun content too, seeing stock thin out.
When is the Hoovie retirement party? LOL
Something suspect when the 3 biggest car guys are selling everything in the name of buying better after joking they manipulate the market.
Yooo hoovie chill.. its haloween not april fools...
u got some expensive cars who only go up in value, why ditch them
Good timing I would think...  peak of the bubble?
"I have too many cars and need the cash, I need to sell them but I don't want to give any up...but what if...I price everything but tell everyone not to buy it. Ho ho, delightfully devilish, Hoovie."
Can’t believe he still has the pimp my ride van lol.
I got 40k for that retro mustang lol I’ll come fly out with cash in hand
Specifically to me, this only makes sense if you were serious when you made that 'Selling everything to buy a new Countach LP800', AND managed to get on a committed to buy list.
Id take that firebird if I had the money
You have a typo in elsewhere
Hoovie not heavy
i would love that countach but im not made of money :D
„I need the money“ bro what do you want to buy..? The whole US? :)
So If you add up all the numbers I get $2,281,000. That will pay some debts for sure 😂😂 (not including the $1million mercedes haha) dream on
That's...approx 2.34 million dollars worth of hoopties. That's over 300 million Icelandic viking krónas, adjusted for ego inflation.
If I could I would get the tesla and the riptide blue Escalade
I used to think you were saying urination Bob lol. I’m glad he made you repeat yourself in the hummer video 😂😂
Good luck with the sale. I was going to make a offer on the 2001 TransAm, but reality reared it’s ugly head.
So basically you can buy every one of Hoovies cars for a bargain price of $3,413,500
I’m looking for a cheap sports car
Car prices are so crazy stupid bad I’m genuinely worried Tyler is into drugs now
ELSEHWARE?
So when's the Gull Wing arriving ?
If you sell all your cars, how is Car Wizard going to pay for his kid's weddings? (I think college is already covered)
Could I get that 280 se 4.5 for 9k??
Delorean?
This kid needs a shock collar .
W😳W❗
What happened to the Woody?
If the JDM Jimny were a soft top I'd actually be interested.
Everything‼ can go except the #countach #corvette #z8 🙏🏽💯
Wizard be like: "GODDAMNIT HOOVIE NOW MY BIGGEST SOURCE OF MONEY IS GONE"
Holy overpricing batman. I can tell you don't want to sell anything. Only good deal I saw was 10k for the pimp my ride van. Which is title less
Watch, everyone buys all his cars. He can't drive his kids to school
Loved watching you put the collection together sad to see it go but can’t wait to see what’s going to be next
Good time to cash out!
Woow all those cars and he still didnt get a supra. That tells you the price of one
Priced sky high all cars.Looks like you don’t want to sell them at all.
Id love that Jimny! 😍
Keep us updated on the progress, maybe you can sell all of them today!
end of an era :(
good price on the vintage Merc.
Elsehwere = Elsewhere?
Keep one or two exotic cars like the countach, your granny’s car, sis and the m5…the rest are crap, especially the American cars…get rid of them!
Excluding that sentimental Merc SL, the remainder total $2,413,500. YouTube treating  you very nicely. I suspect an original Gullwing is on the cards.
I'll take the hanger. Do you deliver?
Wow: a hooptie fleet worth $ 3,322,000
Tyler  hoover : everything for sale Elliot alvis : hmmmm interesting
Total value of cars at asking price: $2,413,500.
One is going to Curated, right?
Selling to invest in crypto 😂
10k for the Van 😅
What is it like to Title and insure so many vehicles? Do the DMV know you on a first name basis?
I think the Suzuki will be hot on inquires, cool tiny car.
Trouble is...lots of people have seen the horrendous problems most of these cars have, or will soon have... Who wants that hassle?  Yeah, I know, people with more money than common sense.  😁
I wonder if heavy would be dumb enough to swap a Ford explorer for a Dodge Dakota
Anyone here knows how to get a hold of the seller ????   Hope he sees this comment
So he doesn't REALLY want to sell any of these! lol
I thought you also had a Miata at one time.
Don't worry he won't sell many at the prices you're asking
Anyone add up all the cars prices?
Shitty deals
Would love to have that Dodge Dakota
Drinking game: Take a shot every time Hoovie says, “Please don’t buy it…”
Sell the countach to Stradman  🤘
I guess it would be nuts not to cash in on such a crazy time in the market.
I'm interested - sent you an email! :)
By your prices we can tell that you Don't want to sell any of the cars.
Uh oh. How are the car ninja and the wizard going to stay in business if their source of revenue is sold 😅
That is too many cars dude. 5-10 cars max. You can only drive one at a time. That's like 3 million dollars of cars just sitting there losing value.
Didn't you cut big access holes in the carbon fiber spine of that orange Murcielago?  You even filmed Wizard making you sign a release of liability or something like that  before you did it.
My favorite car in you fleet is the mustang. I have 73 coupe I daily. One day I would love to have a fastback or mach 1
In a way Tyler is back into used car sales business. Great episode!
Why not finally sell the lambos to John temerian?
Would make a great video if you put the whole fleet for sale at Barrett Jackson. I’m sure getting 40 cars there would be hard but would be amazing to see
I bet someone could swing a sweet package deal with deep pockets.
Where is the 500E? I don't recall that ever selling. Maybe it did on Cars and Bids?
" Buy today, and get 2 Toyota Prius for free,,, slight body work needed....
The Countach looks amazing! Did you have the paint corrected recently?
$10k for a pimp my ride van with no title doesn't seem like a very good deal.
We all know he’s gonna buy the gull wing mercedes with these sales😂😂😂
The M3 is my dream
So many good desls
That's almost 2.5 Million all totted up, excluding the SL 500 (otherwise 3.5 Mil). If you find a buyer for every car you own we'll have a first glimpse at a post-apocalyptic world... :)
The Countach is money in the bank, might even keep going up, keep it!
This video is Hoovies Head and Heart arguing for 20 minutes.
NO
You can't be this stupid
Hmmmmm. This video after driving the Mercedes 300 SL.  Hmmmmm
$10k for the pimp my ride van is totally bananas!!
Why list them if you say "don't buy it" at the end of each review?  I would take the 66 vette but it's still pricy.
Walked outside without talking about the Rolls-Royce. So many cool cars. Wish I could take one off your hands
$2.4 million 😮
Ok, so is there a hidden message here somewhere??  First it was Ed, then Freddy, JR, Randy, Stradman, now Hoovie.  Is this “trend” just making for good content or do you have an insiders idea of a downturn from the current high we’re riding with car values??  I have 25 cars in my collection, maybe it’s time to list everything!   Fire Sale!  Everything must go!  😂  Good luck with the sale!  I’m certain every one of your babies WILL find a new home!!
I can't believe you're selling the 348.  I can't watch the video any further... too painful
thats just short of 2.5 mil
There has been speculation that Ninja wants the Z8.
If I had unlimited money, here's what I'd buy: 1 Ford Mustang 1966 restomod 2 Frogeye Sprite 3 Ford Mustang Cobra R
Probably the only one here who's eyes popped over the caddy in the hangar and stretch panther at wizards too bad i can't afford either lol
In the very near future wisdom dictates liquidity, and NOT car collections.
Turnover is good. Moving some out is a good approach. Maybe change the tag line to 'almost the dumbest car channel. . ."! Don't turn into Jay Leno. We only need 1 of those. Good video summary!
Hoovie wants 300sl
Just give away the pimp van for charity. Or auction it off for charity.
guys, he's buying the 300SL.
Oh, boy. If I lived over there... I'd be more than happy to give you the asking price for that Spyder. And then I'd say that the only way you can prevent me from doing that, is if you let me take it for a proper spin :)
After this video, Ninja and Wizard will be found in a bar somewhere wondering "Why... why!???"
Glad to see you selling off the cars, most aren't being used and I'm sure their new owners will love them and put them to use.
Next video, "I just baught another Maybach,"
I can't believe Hoovie is trying to sell a Ford Probe for $85k.
👍
Hoovie please don't do this. 😥
If I had the money, I'd gladly buy the Dakota R/T. Unfortunately, I'll not have $5,000 in hand for a very, very long time if ever. Yes, fixed income sucks.
Just eyeballing the prices and he is definitely someone who worked at a stealership. I know everyone wants to make money and prices are high but all those prices are high IMO.
Oh if I had the extra cash laying around... Beck Spyder and the 79 Porsche 911 SC cab. Best of luck to you with the sale. I'm looking forward to your next adventures.
It surprises me that he's getting rid of so many cool cars. I mean, there's a lot of them that are irreplaceable
Is 'Elsehwere' a suburb of Wichita? :)
I can't afford any of hoodies cars
so $3,322,000 in total without the camaro
How much was the total of all the 40 cars combined?
19 minutes after posting the video, how many you have sold already? And by the way, invest a few bucks on a dead cat to avoid wind noice =P ahhahaha
Dude fix your audio volume from the first section of the video, it became good once you started a Ninja's
please open a early 2000s bmw dealership pop up
Hoovie the meme is that you price the cars too high, not aggressively low
I want the escalade... I need it
So not counting the 500sl at 1mil hoovie is selling for $2.233.000 worth of cars.
Pretending like he's deciding the price at that particular moment on each car.
I am one of the crazy people that lusts after a nonsensical huge car collection
Why?
Good luck Tyler!
Is the blazer for sale
Who else was guessing the prices to see how close you were before he stated them
This video is proof the used car market is out of control…
I'm betting that DB7 will sell quick. If I was local I'd consider it.
I hope he’s made peace with this. Some of these he’s not going to be able to find again
2,413,500$ BUY IT NOW your very own hooptie collection. Love the show Hoovie. Go buy more cars LOL
I literally bought a car 48hrs ago this makes me sad because that Escalade would have been mine maybe even the suburban
I'm a little sad he didn't start this video with a shocked face after hanging up on his accountant. Not including the $1M 500SL, he's asking a total of $1,745,000 - that's a lot of tax to pay on Jan 1.
Damn.. a few of them are priced right... others, inflated somewhat... But hey, most all of them are the reason why we watch the channel in the first place.. Good luck selling them, too bad I can't purchase them; especially the aston martin.
Damn it...That Caddy EXT is calling my name.....Shame I can pick one up for $5-6k all day long.
Market top indicator
🤫‼️
I added them all up  $1,968,000 without the Merc from his Gandma $2,968,000 with the Merc
🤔 I am selling all my cars, that is if someone is stupid enough to pay the asking prices for any of the good ones 😂
Two things I take from this. 1.Wizard will go out of business 2.$60,000 for Apollo 911 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
2000 trans am is 16,000 all day Tyler
Ouch! No deals here. Looks like someone is cashing in on the used car craze.
So is the theory with all these guys that we are at the tippy top of the bubble and they want to cash in before the inevitable crash? Can’t say I wouldn’t do the same. Prices are NUTS. They can set themselves up very nicely cashing in right now.
~$3.3million.  That should be enough to buy that ratty 300 Gullwing you drove.
Daddy Doug says.. why not Cars and Bids?
Some of these should have been gone long ago, lead off by the Azure. I think you should have taken John Temerian's $300k offer for the Countach from CT5. Still owning that GMT800 Suburban is another head scratcher. It's a really nice truck, but once you got the Escalade it was beyond redundant. I don't see the point of wanting to keep the Jurassic Park Jeep and I personally wouldn't attach a premium to how it looks. I'll be sad to see the GT350 clone go, but I am even sadder knowing how much time it spends on the lift in your garage. $10k for the PMR van on a bill of sale is insane, $2,500 sounds about right, and only because of the TV connection. I would think that you should be able to shift 20-25 cars without too much issue. I look forward to the future additions to the fleet and more stupidity.
DONT SELL THE CARS THAT YOU FIND ATTRACTIV NOW THEYRE GOING UP IN VALUE
Somehow John from Curated STILL won’t get the Countach and hate Hoovie forever
God that Suzuki Jimny is absolutely stunning.
Used car salesman Hoovie is unleashed!!!    This is his Halloween special, apparently.  Buy it cheap, brag about it in video, show how much you paid Wizard to sort it, still call it a hooptie, then make a video saying how nice it is and advertise it for 8x more than you have in it.  NOW I see Hoovie's master plan... Brilliant!
Which one of them is going to buy a McLaren F1 first...
Definitely Kansas, Hoovie is Dorthy .
I'm thinking about that 66 Fastback.
Someone is betting the bubble is about to burst.
Best of luck. Everyone knows you won't let the SL go. Good for you.
Almost $3,000,000 in cars for sale
Keep the e38
Everything I own is for sale at the right price. Emphasis on the right price.
Step into a Mercedes 300 SL. You would never regret buying one. I doubt they will be attainable even at current money for long. That would be a keeper! Bold move. I’m looking forward to see what you decide.
Yep, gotta cull the fleet so more adventures can occur. In all honesty, I could part with 95% of these and you'd be surprised which couple I'd keep.
For those who are curious, the asking prices of all the cars for sale adds up to be $2,393,500 (excluding the million dollar Mercedes).  Edit: 20k short.
so following ed and freddy, its freddy dead?
I’d say deal of the show is the Cobra R
Elsehwere
Gee. It's hard seeing Countach, 348, and the others go. But I'm hoping that SLS, Z8 and Apollo 911 would stay. I still remember the early days when Hoovie had a few subscribers and that Apollo 911 was the car I would always remember.  Btw, I really thought that Hoovie would buy the new Countach HAHAHAHA! But I'm hyped to see the next hooptie fleet.
Trust--fund man-boy decided to end this whole charade, I hope.
Love to be a fly on the wall when John T. at Curated calls Hoovie to make another deal and then actually get to buy it.
No money sry, and never will.
Did anyone add up the total of his asking prices? I guess around a million...?
Is Apollo 911 for sale?
Rarely comment but always watch - but without doubt probably one of the best times to sell cars in living memory. All for sale potentially at once maybe not …..but makes great viewing. From the UK
I only want 1 of them myself !!  That great Comversion van you have its a great looking ride but im sure its far over my budget !
This video is just the right length.., at 2X speed.
Thank you for NOT selling your Mercedes! That beauty belongs with you Hoovie!!
Nice cars, bad prices. I wouldn't worry about selling too many of them-and I can see why your dealership failed
I still can't tell when hoovie calls euroasianbobs name properly lol
My reaction to some of these prices are not very kind to Tyler. I scoffed. But I will keep the reasons why to myself,  because the man has a right to try to deal for the prices he asks for. That said, he is asking pretty reasonable prices on a few cars.
I will be curious if Hoovie really sells any of these. Other youtubers had videos saying the are selling all my cars then a few videos later they say not selling any now. It is awesome that someone can have the funds to own all these cars but man the maintenance, insurance and storage fees just to have the cars sit and rot away seem financially irresponsible. Who really needs 40 cars? Good luck on selling your fleet
Please message strad about the countach or diablo. I would love to see at least one on his channel
It's pretty clear from the pricing that he doesn't want to sell much of anything.
$20,000 for the 740i is nuts😂
"I will not respond to inquiries ELSEWHERE"  not elsehwere....Hoovie you can spell better !!
How much does it cost to get junk taken away these days? That Hummer with take up a lot of land-fill space and require a crane to move it, Speak to me Hoovie and I will help you clear your garage out!
So are we going to get to BMW dream team content?!?Never mind got to that part in the video was really looking forward to that glad it’s going to happen
Yup, let them go.  Excellent choice.  We know you are attached to some, but they gotta go :-)
Excluding the million dollar sl, that’s 2,322,000$
No, please not the Lamborghini's :'(
OK now who is going to offer $1,000,001 for the 1985 Mercedes that his grandmother gave him 😁?
is that a honda pilot in the corner at the hangar?
lol Don't buy it. Great seller
Damn, that W108 Mercedes is tempting
I will give you 5, yes 5 American Dollars for that cute sports car to your right... ;-)
I'll give you $2k cash right now for one of your Ferraris. I'd be willing to go as high as $2500 with a pre purchase inspection.
Elsehwere
When will you be filing for bankruptcy?
1985 Mercedes 500SL euro, 130k mi, my first car $1million - don't want to see that do you.
No Woody?
Hoovie feeling that car bubble about to burst huh
5k for the e38 what you say??
I love Hoovies Fleet, but we all understand the need to sell but dont sell something that you might miss out on later on. I own my hooptie 7-series with the the least desired 2.5tds engine, seeing your SS 4litre makes me wanna keep mine til it just rusts away. i wouldnt be able to sell any of such cars. But goodluck with all the sales!
79 Trans Am is the best!!
I think I counted 41 though could be wrong
If I wasn't in college I would definitely buy that BMW X5 !!! I love that car !!!
It's certifiable, you're nuts, you've put together a very good inventory. And speaking inventory, the Lambos are very worth keeping to your old age. You will not find these again at the prices you got them for.. sometimes you don't need to keep up with the Jones you need to get better. Some of what you have yeah let them go. I wouldn't keep the Hummer or the Maybach, etc.
just noticed that the mechanic repeats a lot what hoovie is saying.
The only relatively reasonable price is the 19k for the 740i
damn the prowler already vanished, still think that was a gorgeous car
Hoovie: I'm selling all of my cars!   Also Hoovie: please don't buy my cars. Lol I love it
Title: Listing all 40 of my cars for sale  “Don’t buy it”
Hoovie sell that Countach to Curated!!!
What happened to the Woody?
Total combined value = $2,413,500 ! Average value per car = $60,337 ! Hoovie's a multi-millionaire! Yep! Definitely THE dumbest automotive channel in all of YouTube!
It wasn't too long, sad to see the fleet sale but I suppose you should have a clear out every now & then, I've got alot of cars too, Rj in Oz
He's done this before. This means there's quite a few cars he wants to get, but has no room to put them.    Also I'm sure that car insurance bill is kicking him in the junk monthly.
wtf is a kilometer?
I don't get what's happening here. Suddenly all the cars gotta go?
i counted 44 cars?
Lol I see what u did there. I'm selling all my cars, but they will be so expensive nobody will actually buy them hell ya. Love it
first ed, then tavarish and now hoovie.... my guess is that they are shrewdly gonna negotiate themselves to a decent sized third world country
You should do a collaboration video with Doug DeMuro and list the fleet on Cars & Bids
Why don't you just sell the conversion van and tow with the hummer?
Not sure what your problem is buying cars, but I’m sure it’s hard to pronounce. There are worse problems to have though. Enjoying the content!
Dumb, Reptile Blue and Please don’t buy it the most used words in this channel 😂😂
Don't be fooled minions. Hoovie and Ed are both selling their entire fleet because they are both aware of the economy is crashing and we will never see these high prices for these cars ever again
Always wanted Hoovie's Countach  Opens gmail, clicks Compose... Sees price listed... Closes gmail
"I will not respond to inquiries elsehwere" ;)
Man, I hope there's not a financial disaster causing this sell-off. Hopefully you'll just begin again...and take us along for the ride.
Hoovies “please don’t buy it” car sale
how funny would it be if some billionaire would make a bid for Hoovies first car just to troll him
I wonder how John Tamarian is feeling rn...
If I wasn’t paying for a wedding in 6 months I’d buy that Suzuki today.
beautiful cars, and please please don't buy it shit. Are you selling it or not??
Next on Hoovies Garage: *The world's cheapest 300SL Gullwing!*
I'd like the green mustang but my Shia not going to the moon yet 😔
Hoovie is hopefully saving up for a 300 sl Gullwing
Keep (please); Countach, SLS, Beck, Corvette, Sprite, SL500, 348, Z8, 356, Azure, Wagoneer, Apollo 911
I can afford the rotten M3.
He knows the economy is crashing and will NEVER get this much for these old cars again lmao
“40 cars?!? …. Hold on a second….WHAP!…. NO!… Bad Hoovie! “ ….. Wizard the savage lol
Rich fleets ... Soon
I feel like this is Hoovie going into his Kramer arc. Not sure that I'm into it.
Wehre is your  chevy van i miss her
12:49 "Even the Z8!?" The Ninja's face HAHAHAHAHAHA
I want your mustang
This heavily smells like you car guys don't trust the artificially inflated market prices to hold, first Ed is trying to move all of his assets and now Hoovie too. If I really were interested I'd rather wait a year or two and buy after the bubble burst... (edit:typo)
I sincerely hope there's a 300SL in your future if you're actually selling the SLS.
You’re that guy at the garage sale that keeps saying “actually that’s not for sale” even though it has a price tag directly on it.
If I had to pick two to keep (regardless of investment value and only considering enjoyment): The Beck Spyder and the 456GT (for long trips) I love the ZJ Grand Cherokee though. Best Grand Cherokee.
The Cobra R seems like a solid purchase!!
That is a shame.
"James Dean killed himself in"...hmmm...do you think the accident was his fault??
Reality hits hard!
Please hoovie, make a NFT of the picture of all your BMW from one generation, then sell that NFT for over $1,000,000. Please please please make the NFT.
Hoovie is getting into private jets next?
Please keep the jeep
Dont sell the orange lambo for any price. Its apart of your family like apollo 911. You will regret it as soon as you sell it if you do.
Hoovie: "I'm selling everything". Also Hoovie: Intentionally over prices the ones he doesn't actually want to sell.
Did the flat head sell or are you hiding that one?
"so i had to rent this building to stash more cars i previously had it but then gave it up but then had to rent it back because i'm out of space"
Putting unreasonable tags on the cars you don't want to sell is smart, but what if we ask Elon Mask nicely to actually make a trolling by buying all the cars?!!
I’m selling everything also every car please don’t buy it. Lol
Ohhhh what tf is going on 😂
👍👌✌
PLEASE DONT BUY ANY OF THESE CARS I LOVE THEM ALL
This is the ultimate garage sale!
How about all the 2001 bmws as a package deal..( talk to Daddy Doug).
Thats a fine selection of ''i dont really want to sell anything'' prices
I will not respond to inquiries elsehwere 🤣🤣🤣 come on Hoovie check your spelling please…..🤨🤨🤨🤨
you can take the car salesman out of the dealership, but you can't take the dealership out of the car salesman.
I hear Jeff Bezos is a big fan of your show. Betcha he'll take your entire collection, including your Grandma's car. He's cruel like that.
Wiseman cashing in before the second hand market drops.  He has his eye on a gullwing Im guessing.
9:13 every time that prompt for inquires pops up you misspelled “elsewhere”
Even hoovie knows the prices are going to crash soon…
Do you not  love us anymore 😔
I suggest keeping 1 tow vehicle van is best 1 convertible 2 seater nice day driver Benz from grandma tesla for night on the town Lamborghini for fun and investment escalade for daily driving rest could go should all fit on hoist at home
*John Temerian entered the chat*
Hoovie "Im selling everything!!  Also Hoovie: DONT BUY ANY OF THEM!!
Would you take a trade in? hahaha
I was happy to see the price of your Grandma's 500SL... you can't sell that
Good luck Hoovie. Hope you sell them all bc I look forward to what's next.
Shame I don’t live in the US or else I would’ve bought one
I like this video, makes me feel like I’m apart of an exclusive car buying club and getting a personal tour by the man himself!
RIPTIDE BLUE!
I'll give you £200 for the Lambo Countach, which is generous considering Joe Biden's dollar printing factory.  I hear the exchange rate is currently $1,000,000,000 to "one ship's Peanut" and falling.  So do not ponder too long on this offer or it will expire! If you really hold out I will consider paying in Euros and give you a couple in a dirty brown envelope to appease the French.   Either way you will not have any petrol (sorry "gasssss") to put in them soon so "smell the coffee" dude!
If anyone was wondering like I was, if you add all the prices up its $3,322,000
Just sell John the Lambos
Why do I feel Mrs. Hoovie is clamping dowb.
You should buy V12 or V10 Lambo. Aventador and Huracan
Oh my I need that 2000 WS6 Trans Am in my life.
Also didn’t pickup the Grand Wagoneer
I’m so sad! Holy shit
WHAT HAPPENED TO ASSEMBLING THE GREATEST BMWs  ??????
You're a hard worker Tyler, you deserve this 😁👍🏻
Hoovies version of Ben Mallah’s Life: For Sale.
Elsehwere
wizzzzzzzzzzzzzaaaaaarrrrrrddddd lol
I want the ESV but it’s a GMT800 priced higher than some non-Escalade GMT900s. And it has seen snow. Dang it
Thank god I don't live in America, so much there to love.
ELSEHWERE?
Not sure if I should give this a thumb up or a thumb down. Selling your hopptie fleet? Well, do whatever you have to do to keep up with your greate shows 👍 (thats a thump up 😊)
To high on it all
I was looking for your late grandma's SL and the Miata.  Not there.  Go back and count again!   BTW, have no idea how to import a used car to Canada.  Oh wait, found the SL, A MILLION DOLLARS????  What are you smoking???  All your prices are high, even by Canadian standards.  You keep saying "please don't buy it", I think you'll achieve that goal.
better prices than a 2021 XL F150 in australia
Seems like all these car channel youtubers are selling off all their cars.  Cars are at an all time premium right now and after the US decends into civil war nobody's selling anything. So smart move Hoovie
Not the Countach😢😢🥺🤧 and am happy he still kinda owns the Pinp my ride van
Are you getting divorced?
Noooo, please don't sell them all, you are living my fantasy car life so I don't have to endure the pain or expense.  You can keep any six.
Sorry to see them go. Why do you refer to miles as kilometers on some cars? Probably a wise decision. Good luck and piece of mind.😎🤠👍🙈
Before I watch the video. Please don’t sell your grandma’s mercedes.
If you don't buy a 300SL after this im unsubscribing.
My ex had a problem like this, but with shoes.  In a year from now, that garage will be filled again.
Here comes the 300SL!
Please don't sell the Lambos
Is he really selling he’s cars?
You know he's got a shit ton of debt to clear.
he said 10 grand for the Pimp my Ride van haha, I was thinking 100$
That BMW SUV for $8k is affordable!!!!!
On this episode of look what I have and you dont.........
Tyler: “I’m selling everything!” Also Tyler: “Please don’t buy it”
Kinda sad seeing him sell these cars its like the end of an era 😢. If I had the money I would buy the Corvette lol thats my dream car
Caddy Brougham and blue merc is a good price too
Drink everytime he says, "please don't buy it"
Selling everything, doesn't wanna sell anything lol.
"Listing my cars ..." yeah, when you don't want to sell one, give it a high price, and tell the old lady the market is soft.
I kinda want the X5..
Hello there, i just saw this video in my recommended and it's sad to see the collection go
Something tells me you’ll regret selling the Z8 but very little else
The best thing you have done on your channel so far..😄
Oh man! Let us see the 97 Anniversary Camaro!!
Hoovie must be selling everything to buy one of those 300SL gullwing Mercedes that he was lusting over a while back. The Wizard rolling up that flyer and smacking "Bad Hoovie!" cracked me the hell up!
Love your channel ❤
Please, please don´t buy it, good selling strategy  ;-)
SCAM: HE FARTS IN EVERY CAR
didn't Ed offer $400,000 for the Lambo??
"I haven't had time to deposit a check..." WHAT?!  What year is it? 1951?
Me: Oh, he's selling his cars, lemme check my bank account *5 dollars in bank account* Me: Nevermind then...
Smashed that like button just for that RipTiDe bLuE phrase
Up next...the Wizard is now selling his yacht.
Builds BMW dream team, sells it.
Gonna get that SLS?
That’s a lot of value in those cars. You should throw up a number of how much on all of them is actually financed (total of all cars not per car)
Ed was first, then the crew followed. Smells like a well conceived early exit trail. Avoiding new tax issues? Ed heard a mega downturn is coming on the crash of crypto? The reality that there are only so many moments to appreciate a pile of rusting metal? You heard it here first - the truth shall set you free, even if it hurts.
Doug from switchcars probably would want the suburban, have Ed get in touch with him
Makes you wonder why all auto YouTubers are selling they’re suppose prized and sentimental cars! Probably going to sell my shit bucket 🪣 of a car 🤣 NVM! I really do need my 🪣
Some rich asshole is going to offer hoovie a million dollars for his first car just to take it away from him
Too bad that Trans Am is auto
I’m quite sad about the BMW dream team…
CALLED IT!
I'd love that 95 GC, I have two beater 98s but I've always wanted a Limited model with the 5.2
Hopping on the sell everything trend….
"I need the money". That is what parenthood does to you.
Trying to take advantage of the high used car market.
So which car models would you like to insure? Yes
😂 The bug eyed sprite just constantly smiling at us.
Everything for sale, what?!
The price on The Maybach is the deal!!!!
Been waiting for this a long time! One car to rule them all
Yeah, seriously thinking about that 2001 740i. Probably my favorite of the fleet for price/condition/etc.
His wife made him sell all of his car.
Started laughing when Weezard hit Tyler with a rolled up news paper
Good Luck with what the future brings.
The Hoovie collection at Barrett Jackson
Hoovie, I will make you an offer on the vehicles you have buried in the Wizards backyard. 😜
good job
LOL all my cars are for sale, here is the price but I don't want to sell them so don't buy them. WTF
@Hoovies Garage  Take a trade? '04 Mustang GT convertible(Roush) 16K miles, 5-speed, new tires.
Urination Bob?
Dibs on the Escalade
Pls keep atleast the BMW dream team... Pleaseeeeeeee🥺🥺🥺🥺
Hoovie, finally trying to get some profit on his cars, helped by an insane used car market.
So Hoovie started his own cars and bids. Betraying daddy Doug.. ugh..
surprised he's listing the 348 ferrari considering it's his favourite car
Awesome cars in the hoovies fleet
Sad to see you go
"It's for sale. Please don't buy it." 🤣
All the youtubers are after the bugatti chiron if that's not obvious
Shows cars for sale, asks us not to buy them😂
I'd want the conversion van.... my sad life.
No!
Well so much for the all silver early 00's BMW collection I suppose...😕
Good luck brother
HE IS NOT SELLING, CALM DOWN PEOPLE
What happened to Equus
Hoovie: "I'm selling everything" Hoovie about 2 minutes later: "Pls don't buy it" (x34)
You have the coolest cars
I know one is bugatti chiron
Thia is a content bragging video. He obviously doesn't expect to have buyers for more than 1 or 2 of 'em. $15K for an 05 Escalade? Huh
I guess you got the memo and buying bunker under the denver airport too. Cant fault you for that
People were looking me like I was crazy… when I laughed so hard 5 seconds into this video. 👍👍
Dont sell your grandma sl
Selling everything?  As if......
How much for the huge ceiling fan?? That's all I can afford!
euro-nation sounds like urination lmao
your collection is comprised of what rappers and drug dealers would buy in 2006 and I love it
Freddy. Ed. Goonzquad. You....and others- all selling? If you have a modicum of sense, it's a sign. Imagine the bargains to be had when the finance repo's & turn backs start coming in?  Just saying- good luck with Motor Trend.
Escalade, Tesla, Wagoneer, Blue Ferrari , z3, dakota and M3 are good prices, Good Luck!
I wonder how many cars urination Bob will actually end up with
Hoovie selling because the prices are up on cars now
Noooooooooooooooooooooo
Seems very strange that so many people are selling off car collections. Is there a big crash coming? Maybe not yet but certainly at some point in the not too distant future due to trying to force people into electric vehicles and eventually outlawing combustion engines.
No!!!
I'm sorry, but you selling out all your cars is kinda like Britney Spears shaving her head off
I just realized how fresh and stylish Hoovie looks. Like damn that's a nice haircut.
20k Ferrari with bus seats for 50k :)
most cars you had in your entire life, congrats we all have less than 4
and... I want that Mustang.
Dennis Collins loves Austin Healey give him a call
This is a mistake :(
The only good decision you've made in your entire life.
Why are you not putting them up for sale on Daddy Doug's Cars and Bids?
Daddy Doug is NOT going to be happy!!
“Please don’t buy it!”  I’m beginning to see why he failed as a car dealer.
As any collecting addict knows, this is just a good excuse to start all over again... it's all about the chase, baby...
Selling the Countach is the worst decision ever. No competition. Worse than buying a ticket to the Titanic.
1973 Benz, nice Deal
You seriously are living my dream, brother.  May your future be filled with success... and hoopties. MANY MORE HOOPTIES.
Why are you doing this?
"elsehwere" lol
Hoovie you skipped over the Bentley and the hooptie Ferrari
I'm glad I'm not living in the US, I'd buy the 740i in a heartbeat - and maybe the 355, if I was to take a loan 😆 Oh, and definitely the E46 M3!
Dibs on the Corvette!!!
time to break out the hose! bad hoovie!
I would buy the E36 🥰 very nice Trans Am 🤤
Drinking game: take a shot every time Tyler says “Please don’t buy it.”
Would you buy a used car from THIS man?
Can't believe you are selling the Lambo...
I can't afford any of em. That's ok I'm sure my 2002 subaru with leaking head gaskets will last forever
All the rich old white men will but them fast
My very first thought on seeing the thumbnail was "he's going to sell the 500SL too?!" Then I see the list of cars, 500SL asking price $1million. Hahaha! You're keeping that one. That 456GT is tempting me. Is it red?
You should add the link of the videos of every car... So the buyer can see the car story.
Ngl this makes me kinda sad, some of these cars, especially the Hummer, Z8, Diablo and Countach where just great cars, great finds and great videos. But they are his cars and I do not doubt there will be fun videos in the future
Hyperinflation is on its way.
The IRS has entered the chat.
That's 2,071,000 Asking if you eliminate his first car that he had the million dollars "it ain't getting sold" pricetag
Where’s the red Jeep
Just keep the Corvette
car 1 daily  2 road trip 3 winter rainy day  4 forever car you owned the longest    5 hooptie
I'm assuming Tyler is gonna by a space ship.....
He is "selling" everything....the prices are insane. 1994 jeep for 35k? My 2004 Rubicon unlimited 2 door must be worth 60k then! He may get rid of the old suburbans and Lincolns, the rest is here to stay at these prices!
His wife finally put her foot down!
I've had 40 cars in my lifetime and I thought that was excessive (at 32 years old)
25k for the maybach
I love it, the fun is in the hunt.  Hoovie at his best is like the dog chasing the car down the street.  After actually catching sooooo many it will be nice to watch the garage fill up again.
Hoovie: I'm selling everything Also Hoovie: Please don't buy anything
Nooooooooo… don’t sell the  cool ones… The Countach, Z8, SLS, Diablo (maybe this one you could sell). You have so many cool cars that will go up in so much value that you’ll regret selling going down the road.
To sum this video up: I put a price tag on it, but please don't buy it
Your collection is a mix of a little bit of everything 💯
*John Temerian enters the chat*
About time!!!
I know he won't be selling his grandma's Mercedes.
John from curated really is justified to hate you if you don’t give him first dibs on the countach
Next Hoovie will start buying hooptie planes.
Honestly has there ever been a better time to sell them? Values are so high.
*elsewhere
Well. You don't call him an idiot for nothing😂.
Next video: Bought the cheapest Mercedes 300SL in the Country
How much is the lil car in from of the orange Murcielago Roasdster? 7:15
Seeing you get hit with a newspaper was long overdue.
GFY
Keep the old mustang and corvette.
Soooo the channel is dead cool lol
Its not april fools day wtf?!?!
Are you switching to armored vehicles?  Cuase you could probably afford two, maybe three after selling all those cars!
April's Fools is in April bro.
Would be great to see them go to AUCTION Tyler!
First Ed now Hoovie, looking at you Freddy
Such a beautiful thing, I would just sit in that garage in a lawn chair and just appreciate all the hard work 💯
:(
Can I get the Bentley plz for Christmas 🥺
So your saying the markets crashing soon.
Nooooooooo 😔😔😔😭😭😭
PLEASE don’t sell the lambos
Where can I watch car issues
I would love that ‘88 Cadillac, but as a young person my budget isn’t high, especially considering I’d need to get it to PA somehow, lol!
Hope you get to keep a few! Need to keep the Wizards boats floating
Sell high, buy low.
Before watching the video I’m calling BS! Don’t do this Tyler!
Holy shit it was Ed and now you! Excited to see what happens this.
Hmmm, so you and Ed and Tavarish are all selling your fleets to… buy a Miami party mansion together? A car themed restaurant chain? Franchising Omega? Hoovies and Bids?
I'm guessing this is like Ed's recent thing, where the prices are too high for most of us.
God I want his grand wagoneer
I have to say hoogie I knew you had a lot of cars but I did not know 40 was the number. That is just simply impressive
Wanna see the E36
What do you want for the Escalade?? Edit: I didn't even watch the video first, I know those trucks are going to jump in value.
Only fans isn’t hitting???
Copying goonsquad lol. Still funny either way
even the countach?
Must be going after the holy grail of vehicles.
Costa Rica 🇨🇷(2nd)
Whyyyyyyyyy 😢
Why is every YouTuber selling all they’re cars?
Man, I just love the Wizard.  "BAD HOOVIE" "NO"  *rubs nose in it*
Oh my god, that’s a lotta cars. Feels kinda bittersweet?
You couldn’t have posted this about a week earlier?
That's the right reaction of the wizard 😆
You are late 🤣.  Ed, Traversh and Watch JRGo already did 😂
Sad😭😭😭!!
Hoovie at least keep the Countach for yourself pleassse
Why? 😱
This has to be click bait
I like to see you sell your lamborghini the one you cried over when you got it
Hes lost it finally
Hello from Switzerland 🤗🇨🇭
NO!!!!
Halllalalala
No
40 cars???
Finally, you've decided to let this burden of a collection go I hope with all the money you can amass, you buy a more reliable collection  we're all excited to see what comes next in the chapter of Hoovies Garage
Sweet! I want the 2001 BMW 740i sport!! About the only one I can afford, however, is the 1996 Lincoln Town Car Limo.
Dibs on the Countach!
What?! Hell is freezing over
Good luck with motor trend, really sad the car collection is going, hopefully hooptie fleet v2 comes. Back soon love these vids
Dang 40 cars! How many did you keep in inventory at your old dealership?
Get the hell outta here Hoovie hahahaha
oh god he's done it
😮
This is kinda sad. Makes you wonder what he's after, though.
Say it ain't so! Not the fleet! How will the Wizard afford his new boat?
Costa Rica 🇨🇷
2nd!
First
Bad Hoovie!  ~SMACK~
TYLER NO I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY YET
Here's the insane 40 car listing. Please only email buyhooviescar@yahoo.com if you are serious about purchasing. I don't check or respond to other DM accounts or email nearly as often, Thanks!  2000 Hummer H1 wagon, 180k mi, lots of recent work, a few small issues $55,000 1989 Lamborghini Countach 25th anniversary, 19,000km, all original $450,000 2005 Cadillac Escalade ESV Platinum, Rip Tide Blue, 99,000 miles $15,000 1988 Suzuki Jimny JDM Import, RHD turbo 3 cylinder, original and clean, $8000 1995 Ford Mustang Cobra R, 6800 mi, 1 of 250 factory race cars, 60k build to 570hp, $20,000 2002 Aston Martin V12 Vantage Volante, automatic, 54k mi, getting major service, $29,000 2008 Mercedes Maybach 57, 120k mi salvage title, Maaco respray, small issues $25,000 2000 Pontiac Trans Am WS6 6 speed, 106,000 mi, built engine 400+HP $12,000 1966 For Mustang Fastback GT350 Tribute, 5.0 supercharged, Tremec, $48,000 1979 Porsche 911 SC cab (awaiting installation of sympathetic rebuilt engine) $30,000 1984 Jeep Grand Wagoneer, 196k mi, new paint and wood trim, $15,000 1985 Mercedes 500SL euro, 130k mi, my first car $1million 1988 Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham 50k mi, new paint, sorted $9000 1990 Ferrari 348TS 100k mi, bad repaint, worse interior, great runner, $50,000 1994 Jeep Wrangler Jurassic Park tribute, great patina, 124k mi, $35,000 1994 Ferrari 456gt, 13,000km, gated manual, Japanese spec, well sorted $85000 1997 Lamborghini Diablo VT roadster, 20,000km, awaiting new lift struts, $390,000 2001 Bentley Azure, 68k mi, formerly owned by JCVD, sorted $50,000 2001 BMW 740i sport, 80k mi, timing chains job done, excellent, $19,000 2006 Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster, 19k mi, new clutch $180,000 1966 Chevrolet Corvette 427, Nassau Blue, new engine, tremec 5 speed, $80,000 2011 Mercedes SLS AMG gullwing coupe, 37k mi, Designo colors, $195,000 2016 Chevrolet Explorer 9 Passenger van, high top, limo interior, 50k mi, $50,000 2021 Beck Spyder 550 replica, 200 miles, Subaru Boxer powered, $60,000 1994 GMC Suburban, 125 m, 4x4, great survivor, very sorted, $12,000 2013 Tesla Model S Performance, 99k mi, rebuilt battery, third row, $29,000 1973 Mercedes 280SE 4.5, 120k mi, original paint survivor, sorted, $12,000 1959 Austin Healey Sprite,  beautiful older restoration, $28,000 1995 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited, 124k mi, lifted beautiful survivor 4x4, $12,000 1979 Pontiac Trans Am, 160,000 km, original except one repaint, very nice driver $18000 1996 Lincoln Town Car Limo, 39k mi, always privately owned, very cool interior $5000 1997 BMW M3 Coupe 5 Speed, Flood Salvage, terminal rust, the worst M3 you’ll find $5000 2001 Dodge Dakota R/T, 180k mi, rebuilt trans, lots of recent work, scruffy but solid, $5000 2005 Cadillac Escalade EXT convertible truck, 193k miles, AWD, driver, TX truck, $8000 2000 BMW M5, 166k mi, new clutch and other recent work, $19,000 2000 BMW Z3 2.3 5 speed 92k mi, theft recovery, somewhat scruffy, $6,000 2003 BMW X5 4.6 is, 116k mi, awaiting chain guides and other work, $8,000 2001 BMW M3 6 speed coupe, 77k mi, very nice, new clutch coming $28,000 2001 BMW Z8, 37k mi, excellent condition, $220,000 1997 Chevrolet Camaro 25th Anniversary, 24k miles, 6 speed, factory fresh, SOLD
