28th!!!!
gonna need a wind sock
Absolutely awesome as always
Would be sick to make a feature out of the hole you're removing the dirt/clay from!
Hi whats is the best jump to training like no hand superman and how to make it ?
I really like how you're detailing what to do if you over-build/under-build features and then how to get them dialled. It shows the process of testing stuff, what it looks like if a feature is too big, too small or could be placed better. It seems like speed is a huge factor in the testing process and finding what's right and what's not quite right. I have a problematic roller on my track that I slide out on. It bottoms out around a tight corner, but the corner is too small and tight for a berm. Do I just need to slightly tilt the dip and keep the exits of the (problematic) roller in line with the entrance to the next feature? That would make the base of it kind of triangular with the high point of the roller would on the outside of the track. It kind of feels like that's what needs to happen. cheers Also when is it time to get my kids mates over for a shred? can you invite people of all abilities?
by far my favorite video of seen since jimmys trails way back. this is what its all about
Loving the Clarksons farm vibes on the intro music
Maybe i have missed it but is their an equation on how jumps are made? want to do some for a new area and although I hit 30-40 footers into these, I have no idea if things are just made on a whim.
theres a famous ranch in the us called four sixes, you guys could be triple seven ranch🤙
You should get one of those runway wind socks on a pole so you can gauge the wind from the top of the roll in 🚩
Now u just fill the big holes ,what u have made,with water,stock them with fish and u will have the only fishing  and bike spot in England. Charge £10 a head for fishing and and let them use the track for free
Do you need zoning codes for any of these spaces?
Man there so sick would love to ride them ❤
2025:okay guys let's continue our plane course !!??
Matt we need a quarry update after every build laps in the back trails series. Love the work keep it up!
You should call the quarry the “Hell Hole” and eventually make a jump over or into it almost like a halfpipe
When mountain bike jumps are built by Matt Jones, Ben and Jamie they look like the are straight from heaven.
bens blue shirt with the blue bike looks so good
When you are finished, you should make the quarry into a bowl for an endless half pipe
Shall we have a whip round to buy Matt a flagpole and a windsock?
Coming along very nicely! Swimming pool is taking shape too 😁
Love the new intro choms
the timeleps are very nice
incorporate a feature into the dirt hole later on in the line so then it doesn't look just like a hole.
cannot wait for the cabbage feature
This is the best show on YouTube!
Jamie's scream when he made the line first time always sends me. I love it! Its infectious honestly lmao. Love the viddys boys. Love From Canada <3
IDEA: make the right half of the landing for the last jump lead into a left burm in between the next jump straight forward
Fair play to Jamie and Ben.   Matt is just built different
time to buy a wind sock
Matt, ask your Aussie friends about the cracks in the clay....pretty sure they use a high sand to cement ratio/mix to fill them...just dust over and brush in type thing 👍
You should move the racer lip forward make it smaller that way and will be nicer after that jump
Matt. How do you carry speed. I’ve been trying this table line of 5 tables and there is not enough room to pedal I clear the first one and pump the second like it’s a pump bump and clear the rest but it is annoying me that I can’t clear the second. Please help. ❤❤. Great vid btw
One massive high left burm after the last
For the turn have a 10 foot  quater pipe full width of the run way field  that also has a landing to the side like a massive hip over the fence so it has dual purpose either finishes the line or continues on (could also have a flat drop from the top of the quater pipe qs well)  and call the whole field  set of jumps the hell-port
Sick! A drone shot of you all doing a train would be amazing
Matt, it’s been a treat watching you learn how to build and get stoked testing stuff with the boys over the series. Hope it inspires younger generations to start building trails 🤙🏻👌🏼👌🏼
I’ve never been that exited by my phone 😂
I've gotta admit I think it'd look amazing and maybe work. Having a massive berm split in two with the fence in the middle. And you have to gap it and get over the fence.
Matt, can’t you get a GPS drone that will follow you around just so one of you doesn’t have to film???
8:50 GO Jamieson!!!
Jamies progress and contract is un matched keep it up mate
The country music during the west is really fun!😂😂
The build quality really got enhanced throughout the years
One bang ben haha love watching ur videos over here in straya
I dream of having land to build my own jumps on. Matts living the best life.
Fair doos , some graft put in here !
Its so great to see Ben and Jamie killing it!!!!
Is this how Stonehenge started?
Wait???? whaaaat???  Jamie sent that whole line???  Oh my god!!! Congrats to him and his coach and support crew.
Lovely jumps boys, maybe an idea to stick some flags at the top if that area is prone to wind??
This is like a nitro Circus/fantasy factory throwback and I'm so here for it!
I think a massive huge berm after the roller going over the fence to the other side would be incredible
I personally would not build a sharkfin over the fence. The Pond is sooooo pretty!!! I rather would build a suuuuperb cool berm feature to go to the left and continue the line there... then you end up with one perfect and clean line! instead of 100 options and 50 paths like in the playground.... the current line looks so good especially with these areal shots! <3  absolutely stunning work! have fun shredding it!
Massive props to ben and jamie for sending it on the whole line. The last jump of the line is screaming out to be a massive proper 90 degree left hip to carry on into the next paddock 🤟
Yeeew!!!
This Episode is EPIC!!!!  I have my hands in the air!    Good Job Boys
i guess next up is kind of a quaterpipe/massive berm feature... so you can air it back towards start, or take a lefthand wallride, or a left hand hip out the top (kind of skate bowl style)
May as well build a pond were the big hole is when you have finished
am i seeing things or is that line built on a slight downhill slope?  incredibly nice!!
One last comment.. how ever many lines you manage to get in,  by the time you've finished them all at three bottom of the paddocks, I reckon they should terminate in the quarry..  Or over it.  Opt 1/ #SplashDown  Opt 2/ #QuarryGap
The only thing Jamie needs to do now is heel lift his tail over the jumps so he can round out the apex of his air time. He tends to stiffen up once he's left the jump. He needs to gain some more confidence in moving around in the air. Otherwise.. in general, he's smashing it! Been stoked to watch his progress. Yeeew!
You need a jumps trail windsock boys..
Rather than an air feature, I'd love to see some kind of "sling-shot" mechanism (love child of a berm and a roller?) that carries round the corner and spits you out at light speed into another monster booter! I'm not a bike guy but I love your work and the team dynamic. I'll be watching no matter what comes next, even if it's just a game of Uno!
Matt you need some Helfare flags at the lips of takeoffs, useful and great marketing! Feel free to send me merch for the idea 😉
You get a red bull wind sock, so you are able to see what the wind is doing half the way down jump line
Just a thought regarding jumps collapsing,  has anyone ever tried slapping some natural lime render on the sides to protect from the elements? 🤔
That arm looks sore mate 😢
Love the build lapses!! 🔥💯💥 They are the best! Love the work you 3 put into these vids and Awesome vid as always 👏🙌 P.S. Put a Helfare (or Helfarm) wind sock.
With the giant whole you building could add like a dirt pool feature into another line or something
Matt, you should get a Helfare branded flag (or weathervane). Nice bit of branding AND wind gauge
I hope nobody decides to complain to a council somewhere. I’m still sore about Sam’s Orchrad.
You should get a wind sock
Watching Jamie (love ya heart mate) hand packing every jump since LockDown, gotta make him physically harder than a Playground flat landing. Then the added push to jump it all... Don't be suprised when he outdoes you both. Diamonds are made with pressure.!!!  & Vote 2, Helfare Wind sock.
How wide are your DJ handlebars?
Bro the music is sick it makes it so much better for the build laps❤❤❤
You should combine all the build lapses from the playground making one epic video.
jumps are looking maaaassive
Why not 3 parallel lines down the fence, then you have all kinds of transfer opportunities!
Matt, Have you guys ever thought of  turning that hole in the ground into a pond. You could then add a pump to water your jumps and landscaping. Even add a sprinkler system to water all the jumps at the same time. Just a thought.  Keep up the awesome videos.
build a gap in gap out berm around the turn
Big berm around the corner next?
You should put a wind sock up so you can gauge wind speed and direction
mates just an idea but....... how about after jumping the fence and heading towards the hole where you get your dirt. what if you continue to dig it out and make the track go into the ground into a huge step up?
Speaking of pumping uphill, you guys should build a million rollers on the side of the line to get back to the top! and it’d be a sweet manual challenge! Props to you guys for creating one hell of a line already🤘🏼
That’s a big hole, if it gets bigger you should fill it w water and make a pond, nice place to cool down, great for the kiddo, lots of possibilities
Outstanding content gentleman 😎🤘🏼
The hole where you are digging out all the dirt you should make a course that leads down under and make is a couple feet wide so you just have dirt walls next you
you guys work your ass off. cheers
Ben is always sneaky great on the bike
Jamie’s progression on the bike is unreal!
Love the intro. 😊
The scale of these jumps is hard to fathom on camera. I've never seen them in person obviously, and I can confidently say that the videos don't do justice when it comes to the size of what we're seeing. Awesome work boys. Matt you have yourself a true dream yard going
build whale tale
Use the quarry space when you go left at the bottom to build a drop in and step out line
How about a handrail buildlapse😅
Whatever happened to our friend Moose??
Can't wait for the the shred sesh
Make a bank and then make a jump over the pit that you dug the dirt out of 😂
The new intro is sick but, the old one personally hit different when clicking on a mat jones vid
Maybe planting some trees along fence in field, where you get the dirt, to block wind? Oaks and pines.
Do a big time dugout
Sick progress for Jamie good man
Intro suggestion - I miss the old intro and the big "Cmooon!" from the redbull shoot.  Can you use that for vids not shot at HellFarm, and the new hillbilly one for vids shot at the farm?
With the part youv dug out for the ramps you could make that hole into a dirt pool to ride after some shaping and smoothing 👀
Unrelated to the video but I’m looking to start learning barspins on my dj but my brakes lock up what’s the ideal setup for barspins and tail whips other than a gyro
Needs a windsock!
The “12 ton roller”
you could build a redbull stand on the back of a lip as a throwback to the early days of backyard builds haha
I just got a new gpu and monitor and I'm watching in 4k for the first time! ngl it's pretty awesome!
Jump the pond!
Matt make a mega triple roller
I had the biggest smile seeing Jamie making the whole set. Well done brother.
Jaime! You’re my hero! Nice job all of you!☮️
Is the playground done?
I think yall just too scared of wind. Riding in wind really does not effect anything unless you make it.
You should make the place where you get dirt a giant dirt bowl when your done building. You should do like a mega drainage system in it.
Such a good dog. Just likes to hang out and chill.
You should ask redbull for one of those sweet windsocks from hardline
new intro is so much less annoying haha
That last booter is gonna send someone to the moon!!!
We love you Matt🥸But that chemistry with your friends 👯‍♂️ make your channel 🇬🇧
You should build a “swim pond” in the quarry when you are done with it.
13:20 this shot/grading👌
What about a quarter pipe at the end with another on the other side of the fence for some big transfers?
"We all feeling that build lapse.." Dont think ive ever seen Ben do physical work! 😂😂
Yes boyyyysssss well done 🤙🏽
so is the nitro vibe music just for the farm or is it the new steeze?
No hate but tbh the old intro was so hype you’ve gotta bring it back
Please please please split the line at the end and do a hip over the fence on the inside them a mega berm into a shark fin it would be so sick
They should build a jump over the dirt hole!
Water the Jumps 😢
Please build a 180 berm over the fence that points you back to the top of the run at the end!!
You should make a 180 berm at the end
Only channel Ive watched in my life where I literally clap and smile ear to ear when matt gets ben and jamie to push their limits sucessfully
Big left sharkfin round the corner like the one at Woburn. Then a 2 lane with different rhythms along the bottom of the field
Where’s moose from the back yard trails?
And to think you did this in lock down with just shovels & wheelbarrows.
Ngl new intro sucks
sick jumps i think you should build a shaerk fine out of the racer reat work on helfare what camera do you use a your main filming camera 🔥🔥🔥🔥
did you ever think about using soil reinforcement. id imagine it would make sure your jumps wouldn't crumble down nearly as much, although buying a premade roll of mesh for reinforcement does sound on the pricy side
Hellfare should make a Jamie branded high vis so workmen can have a good carrying top!
Looks sic!
After more than 3 years still in love with the „build lapse-music“❤thanks guys
I think these might be the best running jumps you’ve made yet.
you should do a transfer line where it like 3-4 left to right hips over the fence line then make it jump in to the big hip at the end of the original line
You could make a massive natural pool with that hole that you have dug. Would be kinda cool
All I have to say is.. Hell yea Jamie!!! I'm trying so hard to come back from a crash. Hell yea bro!!!!
Make a whale tale shark fin at a 45 onto the whale tale with a shark fin at a 45° off
need a helfarm windsock that looks like your new socks.
It blows my mind that they continue to build jumps in the middle of sunny windy fields
you should build a whale tail in the pond in the other field when you build there
Good on Jamie for getting clean runs through the whole line. Its really impressive how much he has progressed on a bike.
Yes boys
Put a huge wallride at the end!
Make me feel good to watch a pro get lose in air and take a foot off. I do that constantly
Its crazy that mat had enough airtime to say an entire sentence mid air
Another great vid Jamie, so great Matt lets you use his farm for your channel!
How fundamentally fit Jamie and the team must be to graft that much making these jumps. Hats off to you all
sicccckkk
that big trench your digging out needs to be turned into a half pipe..
The line looks brilliant and your get good on the digger now
When Jamie first cleared the line and you proudly yelled out "LET'S HAVE A SESSION" ... stoked and proud of Jamie and Ben, ... I yelled out "LET'S GO BOYS!" at my screen! 👏👏
12:09 Jamie picking his nose and looking at Instagram on the job (my god getting in paused at the right time was a nightmare)
You guys literally perfect the way you produce the build series ! I mean.  I’ve never enjoyed watching someone shovel dirt sooo much. It’s wild 😂 Jamie and Ben have killed it… good job Matt 💪🏻 you should do a shark 🦈 Fin over the fence if you have enough speed to carry the set on 🔥
A massive wide trick step up at the end would be sick and then have a lip like a quarter pipe bowl corner so you can transfer left or ride it like a shark fin into the step up or hit it straight 90 degrees with a berm on the outside right edge to turn in.
Build a mulch jump at the end of straight jumps  to throw tricks on for slope competitions
Make the hole where you dig for dirt a bowl
Huge quarter at the end?
Sounds like you need to plant some trees around the farm 🌳
I know this is random but if you cut down the head of your blue shovel by a couple of cm it makes the shovel a bit lighter and makes it so much nicer for shaping
Matt we NEEEEEED a jump into that little pond
Let’s just remember that Jamie’s intro to the channel was something like “jump builder”
You should build a floating wooden landing and jump in the middle of the pond!
10.5 with a big dick 😂 noice!
i wanna see this from the other side of the bushes, you'd only see them popping up out of nowhere lol
I would not want to be Matt's neighbour! 😂🤘
Have you tryed to plant grass on the jumps? Leave the mid spot in durt and grass on sides. Maybe it would hold up better thx of the roots.
New music is class
#MattJones you need to get a Hyundai 87cc petrol plate compactor/wacker plate with wheel kit and paving pad HYCP5030 from B and Q for £429.99 to pack in the mud it will speed up the process by 3x and if you do get it and use it i would like a shout out for the idea.
Hey Matt you have inspired me to start build my own set of dirt jump because there are none where I live and you are one of the people who inspired me to get into Mtb and I am thankful for that 🙏
Love a build lapse
Finally, some fucking proper jumps
Sick intro
The last intro was better, pls consider changing
Im not going to follow along with this build. Just like the backyard and the playground, you do like 20-30 episodes and then abandon it.
You should do a jump into 180 wall ride at the end like on empire of dirt
Get yourself a wind sock on a pole half way down the line that you can see from the roll in bit of common sense goes a long way
270 corkscrew At the end.
Nice jump line Matt, bit of an upgrade from the lockdown backyard trails 🤙
Fair play chaps 👏🏻👏🏻
A jump going over the bush to a landing to the other side then a jump back over to the line again would be epic, and it would only be two jumps in the other field so there's still plenty of room left for it to be what ever you want it to be
Think you could turn right after the second jump, then have a hard left hand berm and come through the middle of the racer before jumping the fence. If you were doing trains you could jump over each other. Maybe you would have too much speed tho?
Can't wait till you get a jam going on this line! Reynolds pilgrim and the boys!
Dirthenge!
you should definitely make a massive quarter like the playground and make the line back down on the otherside that would sick!!
Man, we love this series AF!!Much love from Africa MATT NAD THE HELFARE TEAM
Deffo need to build a massive jump over the pit you've dug at some point 👉 👈😁 big up JAMIE 👏
Looks like the pyramids of geeza!
I think a right or left hip over either fence. Big berm on the other side with another hip jumping back into the original line. Then you could have a jump in the main line going straight that links up with the second hip landing and you could over take the person who went over the hips.
Build a tow rope like at snow parks to get back up to the top
Over the fence  and into the pond👀
Matt, you need a wind sock!
12:28 Nothing SLAPS harder than shovels slapping on beat.. 🔥
Backyard Build XXL 💯🔥  This is the sickest line that you 3 have built yet!!! good to know you all have a job after Matt retires from Red Bull 👍  After the line is done, you should put a pool in the hole where the dirt came from, or build a wall ride over the fence and turn the dirt hole into a foam pit 🎉
Love the video and the intro is sick. However I think it would be really funny to introduce everyone in a humorous way like they did in older sitcoms.
These are so sick guys. I think the one addition would tie it all together is an official Helfare windsock!
Bro! Put a wind sock up on the line (like an airport has) so you can see how the wind is, and call the line the Runway! 🙌🏼
The new intro through me off. Still needs Ben's laugh at the end tho!
Get a wind sock!
I love your videos ❤❤ is the best make more 😮😊❤
Matt - a mate of mine is holding a handrail building masterclass (aiming at not complete lunatic beginners) up north in a few weeks, you interested?
3:47 definitely dug up the dog 🐶
Really vibing the new intro music
ngl i miss old intro
You said you can't tell how windy it is when your on the roller here's and idea you can get a wind sock and place it where you can see it so  that will tell you which direction the wind is coming from and how strong it is
How about a Northshore rope bridge across the pond to the island and to the other side. Obviously there’d be a rope handrail so you didn’t fall in, you’re not completely mad! 😂 🤘❤️🌈🕊🌍
HANDBRAKE <-------Matts new nickname after the Redbull shoot
u saved Jamie's young life Matt, or maybe it was the wind
Are you gona get sam round?
Stanky leg
Thinking Ben needs a French name as a nod to his roots  Benoit?
Matt u need a Helfare windsock down by the jumps!
Videos are so much better with the "diggers" you get so much more done. And we get to see so much more!
Matt you should deffo have a huge burm like over 90 that would be sick especially after a big jump so you can get ur speed back up if u land weird
I really want a video now of you just showing and riding everything you've ever built cause by this point it's a whole lot
Need Jonno crashing into the hedge on the stink-e back in the intro
Surely Red Bull will give you a windsock or flag for the wind ((dirt quarter pipe or berm to send you back up the top for more runs)edit)
So the intro wasn't just for the car video? I like it! The country vibe is so fitting, but please don't start wearing (or selling!) Helfarm (spelling on purpose) cowboy hats... ;)
This Projekt is so sick, keep up the good work
What about a massive berm at the end that you could almost go upside down on at the end of the straight away. It could even go over the fence.
have u thought about making a set of small rollers parallel with the line to save walking back ??
Mate you’ve got to end up using the quarry!! Maybe some sort of super fast left hip drop in which then S’s through the bottom of the bowl into a right hip fly out jump!??
Get a wind sock up!
At the end of the line could you not build a curved wall ride made out of wood then build separate takeoff and landing out if the clay you've got. Like the wall ride in that famous 4x race where the guy over takes everyone at the top of it after crashing out. Think that would be a wicked piece to help get round the corner to the next set of jumps 😎👌🏼🤘🏼
What pressure is Jamie running?  His tyres look flat, maybe why he's running slow?
The build lapse song has become nostalgic at this point
Amazing vid!!! For the wind you could get like small flags so you can see from the rollin' how strong it actually is
New intro 😮
MATT get a WIND SOCK so u can see the wing from the roll in⚠️
Omg the landing just kept getting bigger 😮
BUILD A WINDWALL
The new music choices 100% make me feel like im watching a farming show, especially with the location! Clarksons The Farm, Helfare edition
You need to do something with the quarry when you are finished. Make it part of the line like some mad bomb drop fly out jobby
Mr Jones motivational speaker “ just get up there” absolutely brilliant film  You have all the gear and the brilliant ideas keep up the good work
you should build like a humped berm over the fence that you can pump then into another jump
ngl I kinda miss Jono crashing and bens laugh in the intro
Mini twister shark fin to oppo land berm over the fence, like at dark fest
highway to helfare
Please build a wall ride for the turn
Luv ur vids Matt ur the reason I started mtb
The Egyptians have been real quite since Matt has started this series
i reckon a MASSIVE berm into some more jumps would be awesome
Please build a beautiful large burm so you can rail it after that jump !!
These are the videos I live for!
Maybe you guys could put some Hellfare flags/wind socks next to each jump like you see at MTB parks. Maybe RedBull could donate a few? Think it would be a nice touch on the line... and helps you guys out on the wind direction
Instead of a shark fin a proper left hip over the fence would be soo sick lol These are your best trail building vids so far . They are big , theres more riding and its how id build them aswell  🤘🤘
hey Matt and all great Video but i really miss the old introsong. anybody knows how it is called?
I really like the idea of having some wooden feature to cross the fence, to carry on the wooden fence theme. Maybe a shark fin into a wooden wall ride on off thing over it... Brilliant video so far as always!
my god, this line is so sick.. im beyond jealous.
2nd roller is too steep I think, you’ll lose speed on that
8:50 WELL DONE JAMIE!! 🔥
8:40 well done Ben!!
nah... old intro was better
jamies progession is Strong probs to you
Think youll ever try any of the new age tricks? Or you gonna do a harry main, and stick with what you know till you just do whips and bars?   Whats your aim with riding now you don't do comps?
Best trio ever
please make a knarl whale over the fence like from frst backzard trails
That intro is sick
I liked the old intro… Ben’s laugh was iconic
Lovely vid
Shark fin for sure
That intro music is 🔥🔥🔥
hi
Imagine beeing matts neighbour. First he starts to build a skatepark, then he starts to jump with his car and then one day you look out the window and see him driving huge amounts of dirty around and one day you see him flying through the air 😂
Pleasant surprise seeing a new vid posted 2 mins ago 👍
great intro
These look huge 😮
Yesss matt love the vids can't wait to see more I'd absolutely love to ride a trail like this gotta work on big takeoffs though first but would live to send them
Dude you biking channel is equally about cars now. Not that I am complaining.
Hello Matt
First
Yesss a new vid ❤❤❤
Amazing buidings!!
First like first comment, bosh
Let's Go!
Yeeeesssss!! Fiiirstt
