We need a CB
Sell Pogba and martial
Bring Back Chris Smalling 'The Real Captain' there's still 3+ years at the top and he's a much better defender in all departments than Maguire plus he's a Man Utd type. All is Forgiven, Ole & Fans owes Chris an apology!  With this defence WamBa, Bailly, Smalling & Shaw, 4 defenders who can defend, we would have given Man City a excellent run for the title. Those semi finals and group Stage we would have won them. The way we treated Smalling was 'Criminal' and we are still paying the price up to this day.
In an ideal world... we'd sign Sancho, Grealish, and Kounde. We dont need CDM if we have Kounde. Plus, Sancho, Rashford, Bruno, Grealish, Greenwood and Cavani will be a handful for any teams. Add Martial, Amad and Donny... we dont need CDM.
Please one or two CB only.
What level is Maguire on the tier
Actually think, that we need CDM mostly, with great sense of defense, some clean and press outside of box and decent first pass. Someone like D.Rice could win us a title
Defenders Bad? put dog in the corner will bite you, change forwards we have great defenders. may best in the world
Sell Marshallllllll we neeed Generalls, Buyyyy HAAAA LAND
HAAAAALAND 150 MILL PAYYYYYYYYY no SANCHO we had SAnchessssss
De gea is a great shot stopper but he does lack in strength, communication & positioning. Please remember your gk is part of your defense. De Dea is targeted constantly by opposing teams because they know his weaknesses. The premier league is filled with teams who base their attacks on set pieces.
Is tyrone Mings better than Lindelof? Answer yes!
I think CB Raph Varane is overrated and I hope we do not sign him.
Grealish and Ramos...will be the begining of united success. Sell Cavani and Martial buy Hallard,  and get Everton from Brazil to rotate with Rashford on the left...
I do actually rate mings.  Always looks good. But deffo need a more pacey defender.  Maybe swap maquire for mings
Upamecano is definitely going to Bayern. They're going all in and I feel he'd wanna win titles and challenge for Champions Leagues rather than finish top 6 in the Premier League and get knocked out in group stages.
We need LM, CDM and CB
get Jadon Sancho
if i have a choice i would choose mings over maguire
In all honesty, I think if we get a CB we don’t need a DM. The issue we have at DM is caused by the lack of pace of our donkey CBs. With a quick CB I think Fred can do the job alone next to a good b2b player
Tyrone Mings is English, fairly young, left footed, decent pace, good in the air, and has plenty of premier league experience. Why dismiss him so quickly?
U23s are playing now against Arsenal ... 6.18am Australian time ( saturday)
How tf is our board going to buy Max Aaron's, a world class CB, Rice, Grealish, Haaland and Sancho in the summer 😂
Why does he say “paul” instead of “poll”?
Borrusia Dortmund  are the biggest numpties on the planet! Whoever blocked Sancho's transfer last summer needs to be sacked as the financial loss they are going to take now makes them look like idiots!
I quite like the idea of a Tuanzebe and Mings partnership at the back... They won the championship together
Would love a kroos/kante style DM. I think united would look a lot different if we got a solid player like that who can play a ball.
Martial and rashford is the best partnership
Kane or son won’t go to Chelsea
screamberg
Please get Sancho!
A new board should be the priority
Tyrone Mings......😅😅😅....nope.
Should have got caceido.
Malikovic- savic from Napoli...an Varene from Real Madrid ...
A... CDM ...CB...But it would be hard to pass on either haaland or sancho...
We’re not signing a cdm we’re signing a center back and a right back that’s Ed Woodward for you
Just because our CB's are bad, doesn't mean that we can't realise that De Gea has too many deficiencies to be undroppable and untouchable, we need a commanding keeper long term, whether it's Henderson or not, that is not the point, De Gea is not good enough! he is much more culpable for our defensive shape and discipline for the past several years than anyone has even given him attribution for! he is part of the Smalling-Jones problem and NOW he's part of the Maguire and Lindeloff situation. he is not independent of them, it is no coincidence that our backline is disorganized and has been the entire time he's been our GK, you really think Schmeichel would have allowed them to switch off and not communicate.. he also makes every defender we've had look worse than they actually are (and they have been bad yes) but he actively makes them look bad because he doesn't take any responsability off them, be it on the ball in behind sweeping in or in the air from set pieces or helping them spot runs and things they can't see as well as he can from his GK position, over the years there has been so many now defensive gaffs that actually a good GK would have bailed the defenders out by coming out early when playing the high line but instead all we ever see is our defenders with slow pace scrambling back and the focus is always on them, when it's shared liability, when he could have come out and shut it down at inception!
Badishile is good
Leicester is a top 6 club
Swap pogba for varane
Konate to Chelsea
We need a cb cdm and rw nothung more nothing less
De gea is superb👑👑👑👑
Keep Dalot pls just look at a cb
Really it's not about being excited about a player, no one was excited about cavani coming in, we need players that have the ability but also the MENTALITY to play for this club. Not saying I want Mings,, but I don't just want United buying players for excitement.
34:26 I think Mourinho nicknamed Son 'Sonaldo' because Mourinho's best-ever player that he has ever seen was the Brazilian Ronaldo
Juels Kunde/ Konate Bissouma/ Zakaria/ Ndidi Max Aarons  And a RW don't know who but Sancho seems unlikely.
Don't want another crap overrated expensive English CB, plenty of better young CB's in the french league, much cheaper & more potential
Declan rice is class
GLAZER,  ED WOODWARD, M JUDGE,  R ARNOLD,  ALL OUT NOW.  BIGGEST MISTAKE WAS BUYING MAGUIRE FOR 80MIL,  HE'S CHAMPIONSHIP LEVEL PLAYER,   NONE OF THE EUROPEAN CLUBS WELL BUY MAGUIRE FOR 80MIL,  10MIL MAX. WE NEED TO BUY 1RB, 2CB, 1CDM,  1RW,  WE NEED NEW OWNER AND  DOF SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Center back is priority
In: kounde rice Sancho and haaland Out: Jones, Romero, dan James and mata
You always say loads of sh**t about players and have to swallow ur words in the end. Mings is not a bad defender n u need to stop underrating him.U said same about cavani, Mctimoney, Fred etc and they always prove u wrong.
Please not Mings.
We need a CDM, DC, RW in this order and real quality transferas not like Maguire 80 mil in the drain...
That drop off on the CB list is terrifying. It should be a list of 4 CBs in the Kounde region, not two, then a plummet off a cliff into the unknown or subpar
Makes sense to buy Konate. He’s very much like vidic
Here comes the 90 % club...
Mings is just as good if not better than maguire.
We need new chairman
Think On my way! Thing we can all know is going to be consistent and that’s that Mark will always know more than any journalist or individual who actually works in football or you and me for that matter bc I’m his little mind he’s always right and ‘knows football’
Defender or defensive mid
Next transfer window is really far away. Are we going to spend next few months on transfer speculations.... boooooring......
It’s another Glazers set up, talk good cb plus mings means we get mings 😡
I didnt no Greenwood said that,but I did a cheeky smile when I heard it.
I think Denis zakaria would be better for Man utd instead of Declan rice
De gea may be on the decline,but what a keeper hes been for us,we've always had world class keepers,is dean Henderson the next one,I dont think so.
Real madrid,psg and manchester city are intrested in kounde i dont think we re getting him with all these clubs lurking around
4:20 😂😂😂
Sancho ain't even worth 80. Maybe 65m max
The gk situation is because its easy to drop De Gea as we have another gk waiting to start but at cb we have nothing and Ole singed Maguire for £80M. The papers like the story because they can get more press informstion about the English gk than the Spainish one.
it's proven it doesn't matter who united sign, they always fall short
De Gea has been great this season
mark stop moaning your not the manager u dont decide who they buy for a defender
HELLO EVERYONE AND WELCOME TO THE UNITED STAND
So Mcguire is Def tier 4. We paid 80mill for that. He is never a top 4 defender
If we want to priorities a CDM we will need to offload a midfielder or two as we still have lingard and Pereira on the books. I am in agreement we need a specialist CDM
We need a defensive coach more than anything our coaching staff is average
Just know the Glazzers Media (spin doctor) is one of the best in the world they are all Public Relations. All about profit lines
Mark - I think your thoughts on Mings maybe misguided. You didn’t think van Dijk was that great either. I watched him and Tuanzebe a number of times playing together in the championship and I felt we should’ve gone after him instead of Maguire to play with Tuanzebe. They are a kind of silk and steel pairing that we definitely need. That’s why we do better with Bailly in the team. He brings the toughness that neither Lindelof or Maguire have.  On Kounde - at 5”10 he’s going to find it difficult defending on set pieces. He would make fantastic CDM in my opinion and could help us play with lout compromising our attacking players.
Pogba leaving will be the best thing for us going forward as a club
Your missing the point about de gea, it’s not that he just made a mistake it a mentality thing where he is not prepared to put it on the line for the badge. Don’t want him dropped or anything doesn’t deserve that but at the end of the day would be nice to have a keeper who you know will risk all to keep the ball out of the net
Sancho 65 million euros with add ons. 10-15 million.
Why aren’t we saying sell Fred this summer? If we bring in a proper CDM he shouldn’t play for United again.
I see dalot is doing great things at ac Milan. Maybe we don't need that back up after all.
I see dalot is doing great things at ac Milan. Maybe we don't need that back up after all.
Greenwood; “I spun Noble back to 1876”. 😉😊
50 million pounds CB-Pau Torres, Upamecano, Badashile, Koundé, David Carmo, Mukiele, Konaté.
English goalkeeper? some want all English players......do you not see the treatment of foreign players by the media and some fans.
Cuckoo, Cuckoo, here we go again,
Lies lies lies
Idc anymore
maguire is tall.....that is a joke......he looks like Tarzan plays like Jane
Swap pogba for varane  Sancho 75mil  Rice or Bissouma 40mil Sell mata,Jones,matic,lingard,Perriera,delot
Under 23s playing Arsenal tonight then Everton Monday
Jadon Sancho not worth 50mil and I have seen play, sorry mr Goldbridge
Maguire out is the priority 😂 everyone says we need Maguire and a quick cb, but lindelof Doest deserve that treatment, and has been better than maguire
two centerbacks, midfield, striker, right back, right wing. so just the six . oh and a new thought process that stops Ole from thinking he should play fred with mctominay, lindelof with maguire , matic. dvdb as a substitute for bruno  and greenwood instead of diallo as a right winger. could we also buy a more aggressive 4,1,2,3 formation for our team.
Mings is better than both CBs......he is a defender....what is 'good on the ball'  defender who  cannot defend a free kick from 50 yards!  defender must defend first and foremost!
Boring!
MARK EVERYTIME YOU TALK ABOUT TRANSFER I SEE HOW CONTROVERSIAL YOU ARE U CONTRADICT YOURSELF SO  AS WHO WE SHOULD GET AS PLAYERS
GOLDBRIDGE TODAY: We don't need a tall CB, we've got Harry.  GOLDBRIDGE NEXT SUNDAY: Harry you useless prat, why can't you clear the bloody ball? Why you always off position? Why you head the ball like a bloody balloon?  Is "Harry the Magnificent" a reliable defender ?!
Right back is a good shout.
Would ya take neves over rice. He’s not as defensively good as rice but he’s ball progression is so much better. Could be like a Michael carrick.
of course, we will wait for summer of 2022..................Dortmund will ask for £60.... then Manchester United will offer £40.....crazy!
It was Greenwood’s mate who said that mark
ITS JADON JUST GET TO THE POINT YOU PRAT
Lindalof could be a good Cdm. Also, he has a great long pass on him.
Has Caicedo had a start at Brighton yet?
We need matic for depth
Yes Mark I agree with you that in the summer we have to be ruthless absolutely ruthless 💯
Defensive midfielder and center back is the priority .
Offer 65 million the germans WILL EXCEPT the biggest bank in germany is bust ( Deutsche bank)  connections with the club...read between the lines !!!
Wouldn't supprise me if United get another cm and another lb this summer were clueless with transfers 😂
In my opinion , mason Greenwood needs a loan , if we want him to be good he needs to start regularly
The board are a joke and never back their manager, only want to spend the minimum to get a top 4 place !!!
Why does Mark shout at the start of every video. Trying to deafen us????
Central defender,diallo will get his first minutes against west brom
get Douglas Luiz for CDM
Cb as ours are useless
100% CB
Mark your talking rubbish when does golden boy Rashey ever get slated for his poor performances by the English press???????????????????
I can’t believe we are considering Mings compared to Konate. Villa would want even more than 50 mil
I’m ok with De Gea leaving. We need to be ruthless on personnel decisions,
David has no mistake this season, its all on the defense
Sancho is not worth more than 50 mil. We mustn't overpay. We also need a decent CB and a lethal finisher like Cavani bcz Greenwood is not stepping up his game like foden
Y do you talk about transfers in February 🙈
Another defender is Ramos who wants to go to United
Mark do u not follow fabrizio he literally said in the summer that man city first went for kounde, had a 65 mil bid rejected, so went for Dias
ITs a DARN Cycle.. of TALK, TALK, TALK... and NOTHING Happens
Sadly, We will NOT get any of the TOP Players out there.... This is all one big HYPE... Knowing our Management and Board... SMH
I wouldn't mind getting mings or carmo if we get a quality cb like varane or kounde which I know wont happen.
A Cdm is more important than Centre back at this  time - we have 4 centre backs that can cover (maybe not great) but if we have a decent Cdm he will provide cover and get us moving forward better
Right-back in the dressing room and a left-back in the training ground. If we get a central midfielder will play for subbuteo
Mings better CB than what we got
Anyone saying we should go for Tyrone CHUFFING MINGS is thick AF and should no longer watch football.
Non English CB please.....!!!
I thought our u23 were playing arsenal today
This mark guy doesn’t know ball he’d rather have the protein shake Daniel James (adama traore) over sancho, sancho should be the priority for the simple fact that it solves our attacking problem it gives us a different dimension. Let’s be real we’re not gonna get kounde we haven’t replaced Ronaldo and now we can I say we get sancho in immediately
get alaba then get romagnoli/Kounde + Camavinga but knowing the boards, these guys won't make it happen...
We need two centre backs maguire isn't good enough even with varane
Last summer, a bid was made for Badaishile. Why don't we hear about that anymore? Young left-footed central defender. Something OGS would like to have in his defense.   If Sancho is bought for between £ 50 and £ 80 million.  Badaishile for £ 20 million.  And Soumare for the cdm position. Have you lost about £ 100 million. Declan Rice will be too expensive.   If Pogba is sold for about £ 50 million.  There is an outlay of about £ 50 million.   The amount spent by United each year
United u23s are playing today, they face Arsenal.
Read that last super chat again you don't agree with it
Our problem is coaching set up , until we change that we will be lnconsistent and without any playing style we will just move around 3rd to 6th
Olly got nothing he wanted in the summer nothing he wanted in jan I don’t think eny body wants to come and play for him wat do you think mark all the best going for COVID jab today take care
Treat Dortmund as we deal with Riaola
Mark noble must have a sense of humor.
So... we kept mata not to play him when we should have never given him a new contract. And let Gomez go , Ole you are a different kind of special 👀
Henderson is the future. And cheaper.
It doesn't matter who Ole wants for his squad, he won't get it because Ed will always go for the cheaper option or not bother at all!
Cavani runs his socks off and tracks back quite oftenly. Would be foolish to let him leave
Sancho coming to Liverpool salah going Madrid
We should use this summer to challenge for every trophy, let Mata, Jones, pogba, baile, lingerd,dalot,pereira and Romero go,buy a backup right back a center back, a defensive midfielder a right wing player  and grealish
MARK. We signed players from Leeds before like Rio & Allan Smith. Why can't we get Kevin Philips???
what did greenwood and garner say about him last night
We need a CB this summer as a priority for Man U !!!
Cb
I really want United to get haaland I think it would help win games alot  and would be the best striker in the pl
With this defence WamBa, Bailly, Smalling & Shaw, 4 defenders who can defend, we would have put that defence against any opposition out there and come out on top. We would have been possibly the top team in Europe. Pace, Power & Good Organisation. There are Man Utd type and better than Man City. The Oppositions out there must be laughing at us Right Now, that we allowed this to happen. A Missed Opportunity at present!
Maybe United wants upamecano, because they know they get what they don't want 😂
The biggest gk error of our season is Deans against Sehffield😂...
central defender ';right winger ,  centre forward  without these three signing  will never win title next season
Rice is to slow for me, he's an updated version of Matic. Unless you gonna play 90 min of possesion footbal, dont go for any person similar to Busquets. Rather have a fernadinho or Kante who can react quick - especially for solksjaer football
Get to the fuckin point
Mark do you live on a council estate   it's because you always talk about millions as if it's peanuts
Sancho is only worth 40 million now.
David Carmo is out for the season with a horrific injury anyways. Carmo is a beast tho
The more United pay for Sancho, the more Man city will get as a sell on clause.
Some people laughing at the idea of Tyrone Mings, but I would take him in a heartbeat. He’s actually a good centre back.
What happened to Diogo Dalot?
Why doesn't the Club look at options for RW like: Pedro Neto or Jarrad Bowen if you cant get sancho
SON to Man United
Let's not kid ourselves. Sancho isn't the only right winger in the world. Why are you obsessed with this Sancho deal, Mark?
GLAZERS OUT OUT OUT
Your analysis and passion for man utd are both top Level. From Mauritius
Can we leave jadon sancho alone he has been poor this season and we still want to buy him smh
United will continue to bankroll the Bucs.
Anybody else think we are massively lacking a DM? Someone who can do the job on his own like Ndidi does for Leicester, Rodri does for City etc.... Matic isn't mobile enough anymore.
The perfect summer to me is Franck Kessie from AC MILAN CDM ( 30 - 40 million ) and Edmond Tapsoba  CB from Bayer leverkusen ( 20 -30 million)
The clubs priority position for the summer is more millions in the owners and boards pockets...Disgusting how they run our piggy bank of a club. 🖕
Woodward got splashed.  The glazers git bun
We could bring for a shock  Glazers won’t spend
I would love to see Florian Neuhaus playing for Manchester United
We need a new centre back partnership, maguire is 💩
Does make you think though, Ferguson always used to tried to anyway to get all his transfer business done early in the summer transfer window so they can be fully integrated into the squad by the time the season starts
No chance to get Sancho! Either RB CB and give Rashfor a Ruffle to learn From Cavani
*Marks workrate is unmatched. I wish my workrate was a good as his* 🤝
Why are there soo many  transfer  shows in February???
I’ve been watching since 2018 and the morning show is always the best anyway keep up the good work mark(and the rest of tus)
CB
Cb some say cdm but if we trusted our defence we have the players to play cdm
£50m for sancho is possible because Borussia Dortmund are in a mess on and off the pitch and saying we don’t need him because we have Diallo is a bit naive because then where putting a lot of unnecessary pressure on a kid
🚫OLE OUT🚫
If we don't sign a CB in the summer it shows nobody at the club wants the big trophies, they're just happy with top 4. We won't get anywhere near a title without a better CB partnership.  Maguire, lindelof and Jones r not good enough and Bailly can only play about 5 games per season cuz of how injury prone he is. All of em are expendable
I personally think that we need a cdm more than a cb..
spllitsu
If we don't get a cb in the summer transfer window we won't win a trophy
