He needs to be suspended and looked at for criminal charges.
@03:42 "Why DW should be believed over his accusers"? My response would have been ; "I don't think you should "believe" anyone per se. Conduct a diligent investigation then "believe" the evidence." Two State of Texas grand juries did just that, and determined that there was INSUFFICIENT evidence to warrant an indictment.'. I am gonna leave the heavy legal stuff to people who get paid to do it.
60 something allegations .... 0 (ZERO) criminal indictments...
@03:01
Rich eisen is kinda tripping here. Stop pandering to women. If he were in Watson position he would also refer all questions about the case to his legal team.  That's the smart move. Because of cancel culture, men can't be real and say what also may be true: for 17 months women at the massage parlor gave repeated sexual favors for money. Then decided to  team up and double back to make allegations/sue to try and get millions. That's really shady and is just as plausible as anything.
26 women felt assaulted and didn’t defend themselves or call the police? Just file lawsuits with the same attorney representing them? I believe Deshaun
DW didn’t mean a single word, he will assault someone else
Hey does anybody remember the time that DeShaun Watson called the Texans organization racist? Now do we believe anything he said?
Hold that L tight Rich...
I hope deshaun sues you for all you have for everything you you have said without a lick of anything to back yourself up hope you get fired
And you didn't want Baker? I'm confused and like Rich I wanted to see Deshawn do well, I liked watching him play but idk well said Rich, I hope the best for all. ✌️💙
Thank you, brother Rich!
That kinda behavior has been normal which is why it’s believable. Smh magic fucked so many different bitches he got aids.
The league can touch it if they suspend him longer or suspend him multiple times?  What happens if another dozen accusers come out during the upcoming year?
Civil, hell all his centers he played with could sued him. No illegal criminal charges.
This guy is accused of at least 24 inappropriate sexual contact going to still get paid in millions Colin Kaepernick don't even get a sniff from the NFL huh
Deshaun isn't going to see much of that $46 million. He might as well just endorse each of the checks to his accusers.
Judge, jury and executioner. Quit with the I want to believe him. Let the NFL make their ruling then throw the first stone. You would be worthy of throwing it, considering how perfect you are and sound.
As a Texans fan I don’t think he’s ever thanked the Houston fan base for supporting him since requesting his trade or after leaving Houston. 4 years and no love for the fans? I don’t think he has any favors with Houston fans, his agent compared Houston WRs in Deshaun’s final year, and he requested a trade only six months after promising the city a championship.
& the show starts with you talking about HIS ‘money’ you are not a football player why are y’all so jealous of this man
This is what happens when an athlete who looks like Deshaun Watson gets money 😅
What if, just maybe they are lying to get paid.
Rich is so upset he saw 66 masseuses  Yet Clinton went to pedo island 32 with  Jeff Epstein.   LoL
I don’t think he will ever play again.
What is wrong with the Browns when they structure a deal knowing there is a good chance he will be suspended for at least a good portion of his first year. Says a lot for why they haven't built a winning culture there in decades.
Rich is a certified Baker bro
Why Cleveland why?
Clearly something was UP, THAT'S what is getting him into trouble 😵‍💫
There's just no justice for a black man in today's racist U.S.. If he were white, he'd have gotten at least 90 million guaranteed per year...
Is there any actual proof or is this just the Oprah of lawsuits and allegations?  "You getta lawsuit, You getta lawsuit, You getta lawsuit, EVERYBODY GETS A LAWSUIT!!!"
Why is everyone so interested in how many massages a guy had?  Bob Hope was known to have a massage daily and he claimed enhanced and elongated his life.  Why is it ok Bob Kraft goes to “rub and tug” and not not ok for Watson???  What do you care if he had 66 or 166?  Rich Eisen, I’m losing respect for you by the minute.  Report, don’t judge or be so smug.  So, what do you say about how many massages Hope had?  Why are you not talking about Bob Kraft?  I think we all know why, and that you’re filling dead air in addition to frying some minority low hanging fruit.
As disgusting as this guy seems to be it pisses me off even more that he also seems to be stupid. You have an out as a person undergoing and investigation, "I'm only answering football questions right now." But instead he goes off into some weird drivel about how the number of masseuses he may or may not have used at one time or another is a legal matter.  What!?
It’s the browns are we really surprised?
he answers questions like Joe Biden
Rich you are a truly class act! And like you say those questions are coming.
It fits with today’s society that is hidden from the public high profile predators of different statues levels of evil 👿 & getting rewarded with hundreds of millions of dollars will now settle cases with majority then beast is hidden until it’s unleashed upon public again ARE YOU AWAKE YET ENJOY THE SHOW!!!!
f******************************k
Truthful huh..?? You truthfully have 66 women accusing you..!!!
The NFL has to honor the court system.  The American flag is about the court system. Taxation without representation.  The Queen came here every 5 to ten year and took this countries money.   She presided over the courts.  She never fought Americas wars.   She never held court when she did come.   After the revolution rights were codified in the constitution.  The court system developed over the years to what it is today.  My point is this.  These players have constitutional rights and Watson was found not guilty.  Being sued is not a criminal offense.  The NFL has a bigger obligation to recognize the American judicial system than to allow Goodell seek vigilante justice.  Any action taken by Goodell against Watson or Houston is basically illegally constitutionally.  Goodell is not qualified to argue law in any court.  The court has sentencing guidelines they follow.
Why 66 masseuses? Because my man likes variety! That's why!
Witch hunt. 2 grand juries no evidence.  I like ice cream all flavors it's just something I like.  Yes it does now a days because everybody feels they are right now a days. Also there are people who are not truthful or willing take the risk for money. This is civil and not criminal
No amount of PR coaching is going to make Deshaun look good.   Cleveland fucked their franchise for a decade. I'd be shocked if Watson ever plays in the NFL again. Hopefully all that money Cleveland guaranteed goes to Watson's victims.
Guy went from squeaky clean image to biggest creep in the nfl
Keep fishing 🎣
funny how ESPN and colin cowherd and skip and shannon ignore this story ,, thank god youtube exists and allows for real news to get to the masses
Safe to say that Deshaun Watson is a Trick ~ Bishop Don Majic Juan.
Nobody-not your teammates, not your family, not your pastor-has to answer these allegations but you, Deshaun!
I wouldn't be surprised if he sexually assaulted/raped a minor at this point.
gosh, stepping back for a moment, without forgetting about all the victims associated with this idiot, i feel really sad for the cleveland fans.... first, they "lose" their beloved indians name now this.... i am positive this will bring problems to the locker room but also believe most players will not publicly discuss playing with such an pinhead... he even looks like a simpleton !!!
That's it, "REWARD INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR"!
Hey Isen, do the math. It is 1 massage per week average. Problem is Watson is a preditor and guilty as hell. Homer and Marge, the Browns owners should have never traded for him. The biggest problem is, he will continue this behavior going forward.. He cant help it. He has a mental probem.
What a dumb arrogant prick! ,"it's tough to deal with?"  Aww poor guy .Scary part is ,He doesn't even think what he did is wrong in any way
Yea he just gurgles a bunch of bs .He'd be better off saying he doesn't understand the term harass or assault because he doesn't
it seems like people made cause he got a big contract. remember the  grand jury did not bring charges against Mr  Waston
how people more mad about the contract than the grand jury did not bring any charges
Give him puberty blockers
The un funny thing is I think he is way overrated as a qb.
Andrew Berry should be fired for.this contract worse contract in history by the worst G.M. in history Andrew Dingleberry
He will NEVER be able to innocently answer the question: why so many, Deshaun?
The media is pathetic. He just a freak and so are all the women that gave him messages. Has no one seen Fifty Shades of Grey…. written by a woman!!!!! They (the women) just see a way to hurt him and make money. Half the women weren’t even Licensed therapist. They took the job knowing it was for sexual pleasure for both dashuan and the women. We all are grown both men and women; and we all are into some type of freaky things. That’s not a crime.
Poor Browns fans....
How many of those women filed criminal charges against DeShaun Watson? It seems that all 66 (in a nation of 330,000,000) filed Civil charges against him. That smacks of avarice and parasitic pathology.  I'm all for incarcerating all 66 of those leprous maggots.
Why were so many teams after him?????  Doesn't make sense.
Why did he seek 66 Happy endings you ask? Because the team put him in the position to  be a happy man
As a parent would you allow your daughter date D. Watson?  For me Hell to the NO NO!!   Abosolutely 💯 Not!!     Then why would Cleveland sign this guy? If he is suspended and still get $45 mil?  The  Blame goes directly to the ownership!
Watson loves his "Happy Endings"!!  Sorry  Browns fans. I hope he plays if not Cleveland needs to clean house In management 💯💯
60 massage therapist.......who most weren't licensed......he knew what it was and so did most of them. Creepy, yes. illegal nah
can't wait until he's officially found not liable. but it won't matter he's stained for the next 20 years. accusations don't equal guilt, but in this day and age the court of public opinion can ruin you just as much as the legal system. Why would anyone speak freely in the middle of a huge legal battle innocent or not🤔
🍿🍿🍿
should of use your own hand
that's why Cleveland is Cleveland don't move to Florida
The Question is it true?
No one is worth that much money
In 17 months even if it is half of 66 women, wow....why do you need that many different people, at the same location, to give you a massage?   Where was his support group, family, ect.   And I have to believe this was a rush for him.    Irregardless of whether or not he actually assulted them.   And yes I am a Browns fan and want to hope he is cleared of this, but it really is hard to believe.
Where do you find the documents of the case?
He should be banned from NFL
Sucks for the brown’s fans. They surely don’t deserve this $hit show.
Not guilty 😎
I never heard of either of them.
One would be tough to believe Rich. 26 isn't tough to believe. Can you imagine these poor women have to keep reliving this? He's Not sorry, he's only sorry because he got caught
couldnt the nfl just suspend him next year 🤷🏾‍♂️just to make a point ill let him make 1 mill this year and get him for next year
He's lying.  It's easy to read
B.L.M TAKE A KNEE😭😭😭😭
Everyone wants to judge the guy with zero facts. Two grand juries opted to NOT charge him.  Get over it. You both entertain for a living, I'm sure there are some dark moments in the Eisen closet.
Repent to Jesus Christ “Those who belong to Christ Jesus have crucified the flesh with its passions and desires.” ‭‭Galatians‬ ‭5:24‬ ‭NIV‬‬
Since when did Rich Eisen become a JUDGE in a court of law??  These motherfuckers crack me up as they all are rushing to judgement!
"why would i need 66 masseuses" we already know why
If Watson is the starting QB the first home game and that stadium is full, then Cleveland DOESN'T have the best fans in football.  They'll be condoning it by showing up.
66 would be an absurd number over 17 years, let alone months.
Funny how Watson hasn't even been given a stern talking to for sexual assault but Jack Del Rio gets $100K fine for the audacity of having an opinion different from the woke left. But then again, this is the same franchise that allowed a coach to go 1-31 and didn't fire him.
Hey Deshaun, quit stealing my moves!!!!
Grand Jury found Watson not guilty of any illegal activity. These are totally civil suits where the women can make more money than most of them have ever seen. Again nothing illegal has been shown that he did.
Deshaun is and will always be a liability
The best part of this is that if he needed a massage an NFL team has a team of massage therapists All he had to do was call to Texans. And that is why this is all absolute nonsense
This guy should have gone to law school.....He can turn a question into nothing better than the best of them... OR he's such a competent liar that he can convince half the people around him at any one time... OR, he's one sick dude.
Great look for Root Insurance looking like they support sexual harassment and assault
I feel bad for Deshaun, especially if he didn't force any women to do anything. He must be one of the horniest dudes in history and I am sympathetic.
A total scumbag slime ball of a human being. Glad he is in the Dog Pound. Maybe he should be a politician become a Republican Senator Trump would love his morality.
It keeps being said that he disrespected women. I would tell the reporters the "if you cannot define what a woman is then case closed. Hell we got an affirmative action Supreme Court judge now that cannot describe what a woman is, she cannot give the definition of a woman.
Maybe the Brown gave Watson that contract to help with legal fees & the accusations for a possible settlement
This molester has serious denial history thinking he's Mr god he will need every penny he gets and have you been to Cleve land lately he will fit right in with that bunch how is he still walking the street yes all these people are liars typical thug 😂
He honestly should have avoided the press. I had his back somewhat until i heard his presser. He screams GUILTY after that one.
What is sad is when he throws his first TD, people will be loving him? He’s a bad person. This guy belongs under the jail!
Wow, your entire segment is completely ridiculous, police departments, 2 grand juries and the FBI have already cleared Deshaun Watson, of any criminal wrongdoing! But I see that you're Pushing an agenda!🤬😓
Typical Cleveland ownership moves
I don't see a happy ending to this.
The handy man strikes again lmfao.  Watch out massage girls in Cleveland here comes the handyman he can’t get enough of them.
He literally started smiling answering the question if it was 66 different. That’s ridiculous.
Should've gone to Amsterdam 90 days let loose happy ending all night
He should've went to las Vegas to the bunny ranch and let loose plus  ir would've been cheaper
There's nothing wrong being a womanizer
Deshaun called the Texans owner racist and he didnt want to play for him. Then Deshaun was able to find 26+ Women to sexually assault that didnt tell the authorities or family members / friends when it happened.   My question is how hard would it be for the Texans BILLIONAIRE owner to use a 5th party entity to pay women $50k+ a piece to say they got assaulted to ruin Deshaun's reputation?
like a layaway plan!
Why did the Browns hire him before the verdict?
Very good and rich press conference.  Of course we did not learn more which is my opinion and open to interpretation according to my legal team.
He said he's being "honest about his stance"....which is definitely not the same as he's being honest lol. My stance could be Im 7ft tall. Then if I tell you im 7ft tall, thats me being honest about my stance!! Its all wording hes told to use so he sounds truthful, but isnt technically lying.  Disgusting pig he is....
The Browns are fucking cursed. It really is a factory of sadness.
Rich is just upset cause he got played. Lmfao
He played all of you and now he's gonna get paid for being black. Black Privilege
Deshaun Watshon - Amber Heard - Jossie Smollet ... A future Throuple in hell ;)
Inadequacy starts from the top and works its way down. Thanks Jimmy Haslam.
The guy is a certifiable maniac. He's unhinged.
Please got off my channel I don't play football
Will someone explain to me what is the crime in asking sexual favors. Did he assault the women. What is the difference in him & Kraft. Professional responses only.  Thank you.
HEY CLEVELAND MEDIA ASK HIM "WAT SERVICES WERE THE MASSEUSE'S NOT GIVING U TO MAKE U HAVE 66 IN 17 MONTHS WHEN "NORMAL" PRO ATHLETES HAVE ONLY 1 MAYBEE 2??  HE'S A SEXUAL PREDATOR RICH!!!
HEY ROGER,  SEE TREVOR BAUER MLB!!!
He's innocent
I think we should all let this play out. This case can go either way there's something that is just not right about this story and we need more pieces to the puzzle before forming opinion. If these women were raped shouldn't there be some physical evidence to support their argument. It's also suspicious why DeShaun Watson had so many masseuse over a short period of time. Lot of questions not enough answers right now
I’m sorry but if this dude isn’t in the public eye, anyone else would even hear nothing about, but hey let’s see what happens with the legal process
Boycott this insanity. Financially punish the Browns organization...and by the extension the embarrassing NFL.
“What’s the up?” Everyone, knows what was “UP”!  Can anyone say “PERVERT”!
When they suspend him, include the next two seasons! What were the BROWNS thinking? 😏🙄🤐😤
If he apologizes that technically an admission of guilt.
In this country, except for Republicans everyone is presumed innocent until proven guilty, however we all know what the victims went through here! The most just outcome here should be that all 66 victims should be awarded 3.5 million in damages (230 million) to be garnished by the NFL and then Watson could pay his debt to society.
Lebron James played all those years and got one ring. No one cares. Sounds like people trying to get payed.
Why so hard to believe. Since the beginning of time, wealth, power, and fame has corrupted people to think they are untouchable.
report Watson are you a honest person? Watson I have to ask my legal team before I answer😂😂😂
24 women are all lying??? Something seems wrong
Wait for the facts and stop pandering to nonsense. Innocent until proven guilty. Period.
Guilty as sin
No way Kevin Costner   “ SONNY “  would have drafted him.
Hope Jack Del Rio doesn't get fined as a result of Watson being a sexual predator.
Seems most of the shows kind of talk around the issues. Hard to believe that everyone if lying except the Browns  QB. Add that to the New York Times uncovering 66 different visits to get a massage. Hard to believe he is the honest one...Hard to believe all the ladies are making this up.
Such a complete disgrace . They get paid more than most get paid in a lifetime of work. Our children are to look up to these players as role models, the organizations only look at bottom line ?? As a long time Steelers fan I remember Art Rooney Sr. and Chuck Noll would never accept this type of disgusting behavior. The times have changed as have morals and ethics . I think it might finally be time to reevaluate how I spend my time.
I don't believe it
Believe all women?  That’s the dumbest thing I Amber Heard.
Dude was hunting. The Texans didn’t care because of his talent. Just that simple.
Deshawn is a good player and a great lover?
The Cleveland Browns are such a loser team.  Signing Watson was moronic.
Watson is pretty stupid.
No happy ending here.
What a piece of crap thug I only hope he never plays in the nfl again
I need the name of Watson's agent. The man is a genius. I can be set for the rest of my life if I had Watson's agent.
Man at first I thought it was a bunch of bs cause it was funny that this all comes out when he asked for a trade but now it looks like he’s a sexual predator after more and more coming out
Seems like RIch has condemned him already... Guilty until proven innocent
At this point, I’m just hoping that justice is served for everyone involved.
The league should have stepped in. He is an embarrassment to the sport.
Man, C'mon Cleveland.. You guy's just keep doing stupid 💩
He admitted to these allegations last year. We don't need dip 💩s like this in the NFL making millions. Sounds like a politician with his answers. It's all 🐂💩
I dont understand what he did. i didnt read anything. but listening to shows like this, its not very clear. Like he asked for a lot of hand jobs? is it bad to ask for hand jobs? or is there a lot im missing?
Innocent until proven guilty
Grand Jury wouldn't change him criminally.
Funny how two more accusers came out after the documentary and after the huge contract. The court of public opinion always convicts no matter what. HBO has credibility issues by the way
Victims lie too. I’m just saying…let’s let it play out
Seriously, Why do Professional Athletes think I should CARE about they think??? REALLY, if I wanted Advice from someone who Chases a Ball, I'd ask my Dog (he's a more reliable source anyway!) 🤔
idk if he can't remember the talking points or what but this guy sounds like a complete and utter dumdum. Every time he opens his mouth I get flashbacks of that girl from South Carolina in the beauty pageant 🤣
All because you can throw a football. Me or you we are doing 15 to life.
He has one heck of a lawyer
What does it matter how many massages he had. 66 or 1000? Just because u never experienced a happy ending don't knock him.
Everybody trying to get a check.
Rich Eisens got secrets!
The Browns and Watson deserve each other. They knew the accusations BEFORE they got him. Tread lightly Rich or you'll be labeled a racist.
I watched all the way to the end. Where's my thanks?
This actually hurts the NFL as the city of Cleveland has a team that sold their soul and condemned them to utter mediocrity for the unforeseeable future.
I'm a huge Browns fan but I really wish they didn't make this move. They should have given Baker his 5th year.
Thank God Miami's stupid butts didn't get this clown. 66 massage therapist, who the hell needs more than 2. He's guilty as hell. He's a perv. The Browns deserve this for doing Baker so bad and they got a screwing that every other team had more sense than that.
66 massuses is insane. This guy is straight trash and will go down hard. Sorry Browns fans this will not end well for you!
The Oldest profession meets a rich profession.
Cleveland Browns...The DUMBEST franchise in football.
And this contract is given by who else but the clown show.  It'll all blow up right in the clown show's face.
So.  None of these women are claiming they were raped. So what were they doing? Were they prostituting themselves behind the curtain of massage therapy? I'm only asking because, if they weren't raped then whatever happened was conscentul. So we're these women giving happy endings for more money than what their massage's costed and if so is that legal?
This affects "everyone across the world"? I may be wrong, but I strongly suspect there are people in much of the world who don't give a damn about Watson behaving badly. Count me among them.
That's people (owners) having more money than sense.  I predict Watson will get hurt and he will keep the money and not play again.
Root insurance is STOKED.
If you want to believe him, then believe him. Any man can go to a massage parlor everyday, its not illegal.
OHHHH ME TOO 🤮
Watson is a sexual predator, ban him from the league.
I am completely with you Rich
He has the greatest agent in the world. This pos will be kicked out of the nfl.
Funny, Watson and Biden both have not publicly spoken in the same amount of time.
Mr. Eisen I am a big fan of your show, but I think that you should be asking: what part did the owner and management of the Houston Texans play in this scandal? Remember that the women who bravely came forward did after Watson asked for a trade
I feel bad this guy is being run over the coals for every and any thing that comes out of his mouth. It shows that no one thinks your innocent. Keep the faith and continue to ask for grace, strength and clarity through this because the masses have already placed their judgement. How dare he refuse to give in when everyone around him says he's guilty. SMH! I thought we lived in America. Good Luck D Wat! Some of us still believe in innocent until proven guilty.
I'm hoping someone will dig into his history at Clemson.  I would bet there were a lot of girls from that era that were forced to be quiet about encounters with rubntug watson the Pervert!  I sincerely wish cleveland the very worst with their choice of a disgusting pos who apparently has little or no respect for women.  The browns owe Baker Mayfield a huge public apology!  They need to pay and free the man!  Thanks, Rich, for an open discussion about watson.
That is a lot of women accusers to deny...C'mon commissioner (Goodell.).
The fact that 60+ women are suing him — in civil court — is a giant red flag.  WHY did they not press criminal charges? Maybe because they are all just trying to get paid.  It sounds like they are all piling onto the bandwagon trying to get paid
The Browns have shown no respect to the accusers by shielding Watson from any, meaningful, financial penalty from the league. The Texans providing NDAs to Watson shows that the knew something wasn’t right. Love this sport, but nothing has changed in these organisations.
The guy is a dirtbag He believes a massage parlor is a bunny house. My daughter is a massage therapist, she studied hard for her career. Too think he walks in and believes he can just bang all of them. If he wasn't a NFL player. He'd be locked up as a serial rapists. His money and his talent has saved him for now. But the Brown's will not do good with this guy. That's 1 woman a week for 17 months. DIRTBAG PERIOD
Disrespected is the least of how he made these women feel.  How lame.
This ridiculous theory that the Browns front loaded Watson's contract to protect him from a suspension is a fallacy. Most teams front load new contracts during the first year to be able to manipulate the cap. This isn't a new thing so pretending otherwise is ridiculous.
Innocent until proven guilty. Jezebel spirits are running rampart.
AcKsHuAlLy ThE BrOwNs StRuCTuRe aLL tHieR ConTraCts LiKE ThAt- Bro they still gave the bag to a serial molester
I don't believe not one of the woman. They were all chasing sports players, for money, so fake. If someone assaults you, you would say something. Money chasers. All these so called massage therapist knew what they were getting into. Who accepts a call from a football player requesting a massage therapist, who only needs you for one day. Fake and false.
You disappoint me Rich. I had soo much respect for you.
It will blow over just like it did in Pittsburgh with Ben and in New England with their owner..this isn’t even a serious as those other two!! BS!
What about Robert Kraft’s case?
Cleveland is nuts for not protecting themselves... Not to mention the NFL. What image are they wanting to convey? I do believe that people will attempt to get money any way they can but I can't believe that all of them are lying... ?
Every time an nfl player takes an interview this year they should be asked how many masseuses have you had in the last 17 months.
Watsons the Barry Weinstein of football.
Where there’s smoke, there’s fire. This growing list of accusers is not just smoke, it’s a gigantic raging firestorm. NFL teams looking the other way is nothing new, but what is new is the Browns gambling $230 Million that this would all just blow over. Unreal
So where was all this outrage when Robert Kraft was accused of the same thing?... hummmm... just asking for a friend
I’m not a fan of the Browns but what makes this story more appealing is that Watson had to reference his legal team in saying about the number of masseuses. Like REALLY?!? If you didn’t why the flip is he NEEDING A FRIGGIN LEGAL TEAM TO SAY NONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Suspend him until all investigations are complete. You just got Rapistberger out of there, you don’t need another one.
I believe Watson had sexual relatio s with all of these women. I also believe all of these women are here to cash a check. Have any of you actually read the lawsuits? Go read what they said and how they said things happened. It makes every woman alive look weak and naive. As if there arent women that seriously go through situations that are genuinely doffocult to get out of. It's He amazing the lack of accountability being held against these women if their statements are true. I mean, they did things to Dashaun that sometimes your own wife won't do if she's not in the right mood.
Yall just dont like seeing a black quarterback get paid. No one treated Brett Farve like this. No one treated Kraft like this.
If it was just for the messages why are they all from women????????
...MedMen now offering Global trademark franchising teaming with Tilray. Marijuana Banking Bill ready to pass! Show your support for legalized Marijuana! Buy MMNFF stock today!!
Ok so let’s put the situation out for y’all. If Watson is suspended indefinitely, would you accept a contract for Colin Kap?
This gets more insane by the day. Good job Browns! Big embarrassment to your organization. Who hires 66 masseuses? No your not guilty of anything. We don't believe you?
I don't believe him No one gets that many massages
Wtf is this nigga talking about lol
Suddenly, NFL fans are astounded that this happened to the Browns?  Really???  I'm no bookie, but the odds that Cincy is going to win the AFCN just shot right up the betting board.
Innocent until proven guilty just doesn’t exist anymore. Truly sad. I don’t care how many allegations there are, until he’s proven guilty I will not be calling for his livelihood to be stripped away. If/when he’s proven guilty by all means but not until then.
Why does no one talk about how he’s had one good year in his career and went 4-12 during that season
A question should be " is this the only way you meet women by paying them.   If so can any be verified? ".  Remember his mama taught him to respect women
Love you rich you’re the man
I never thought I would say this  -- Bengals and  Joe  goodbye Browns and thanks Rich for taking the high road. Always trust your opinion !
Hopefully whoever structured that contract got a kickback from Deshawns people
Idk who's more tough to losten to, him or herschel. And herschel walker sounds like a moron while lying with every word he says.  Yet the south voted for him. Just shows how poor the education system is in the south.
The real question is why did they have the press conference to begin with. As long as there is ongoing litigation, he can't make any comments of real value.
40 plus year browns fan here, and I think I am done. Sick of the ownership at this point.  Remember the browns traded the texans the pick they used for Watson and then purposely went after deshone kizer instead.
I think Watson is showing a tremendous amount of courage in spite of the witch hunt against him
Mr. Watson get‘s 45 Million …then he can pay his cases one by one….the first year. The second he again gets 45 Million to handle the 2023‘s cases. The 3rd year he gets 45 Million to pay the 2024 lawsuits. The 4th….you get my point😎  Seems like the Browns doing the real happy endings here☝🏻
at least 66... it actually could be a lot a more...
Should have just called Robert Kraft for a reference.
Still cannot believe the Browns signed this deal? It feels like they have sold the soul of the team for a chance to win a superbowl !!
He should have settled these  cases when everyone only wanted $100,000 a piece that was cheap compared to what they are going to want now!
Win or loose we booze. Cheers browns fans. Lol 😆
60 masseuses; People need to stop acting dumb, Because it is really is aka 60 prostitutes.  This video is a public lynching
Hey, Mr. Goodell, are you going to allow a sexual predator to be the face of the league? I’m thankful my parents and family didn’t teach me that the more money I made would allow me to live outside of the law and disregard basic humanity. Thanks mom and dad.
Rich, sure seems like ya really don’t wanna believe him… cuz there’s nothing but his actions to believe… I’d like to see pictures of these MTs… bet they’re all attractive! He’d be smart to have a few be guys or sows! Then we could assemble a pattern other than gettin hoes
What's hilarious is Rich Eisen acting as if anything Watson say is going to be satisfactory. Eisen mad he won't bend and the most hypocritical bullshit is he want to believe Watson. 😂😂😂
LoL Hard to believe with the leftiest moonbats
This guy (rich)is really a trouble
That mf guilty af 🤣
26 different people seems crazy like that’s a lot of people
This will solidify the Browns as the absolute dumbest franchise to ever exist.
I don't think the Detroit lions would even  do somthing this stupid .
5:25 what is that motion as he's talking?  Looks like he's unable to breathe while answering that question?
this guy is a predator. this trade might be worse than Vikings herschel walker.
a team with statues of a domestic abuser and a serial rapist should we be surprised
What judge dismisses the legal case ?? A corrupt judge ?? Geee we sure have our share of those.
So now your the moral police
There's a lot of "guilty before innocent" here. Factoring in the contract with whether or not someone is guilty is not fair.  Accusations + Innuendo × (I don't like  (him or what he says)) / player-friendly contract  doesn't = guilty.
This guy is sick!! He should not be allowed in the NFL!! Unbelievable
DeShaun Watson is just straight-up lying
The new big problem is how are they gonna get this man a masseuse in Cleveland
This is why the browns are the browns
Let's see I think now is 26 allegations. Don't teams have their own therapist why do do you need to go elsewhere unless you want a happy ending
Eisen, you are sick.
2 year suspension, minimum and can’t return until all civil suits are closed.
No one that is assuming he is guilty is the law. It doesn't matter if it is 100 alledged women, why does that mean he is guilty. Especially in this world of evil money sucking individuals
Looks like Miami dodged a bullet.
What's crazy is he got a fully guaranteed contract and Kaepernick can't even be a back up.
We just gotta let the court figure this out.
I don't think the man will ever complete a pass for the Cleveland Browns or any other NFL team. Most of that guaranteed money will be paid out in civil lawsuits. The rest will buy a secluded compound to hide in for the next decade. Maybe a guest house for his masseuse.
I understand you want to believe, I and everyone want to believe that a man can't be this much of a predator,But 66 is an insane amount of Female not one Male.
I believe that DW is innocent 😇 of all charges and that these women are gold diggers. These women’s Attorney see’s a big payday for himself at DW expense. Now that DW got this huge guaranteed contract these women’s attorney is pushing to find more women to come forward. Why not.
All allegations only. Not one thing has been proven yet. He could have just crawled into a hole and disappeared. Why isn't he?  The same thing happened to Jerry Sandusky. We find out years later Jerry is completely innocent. Sad.
Not a baker mayfield fan at all. But why does this whole situation feel like such a browns theme? Baker mayfield atleast deserved to be traded the way the browns handled that will tarnish their reputation for years to come. And im talkin a strictly from a players perspective.
What I don’t get is he is an a list athlete and why is it hard to believe that a young man my be targeted all these people just now coming out doesn’t happen overnight and if he was broke and trash we wouldn’t hear any of this
Where can I go read the documents that cover the actual complaints filed? Rich Eisen is saying... "So tough to believe" after you have read the docs. Rich please provide a link or tell us where to go to read these docs in detail like you did.
This is my question as well....what happened from Clemson to Houston?   Did not see this coming.  STILL GLAD HE ISNT A DOLPHIN!
The man did nothing illegal. And 66 probably pales in comparison to many other single elite athletes
The owners of the Texans, Browns, and Commanders should sell their franchises to someone else.. Do I really need to go into detail, why?? Duh!! In retrospect, I think he said," You know, this d**k ain't gonna suk itself.."
We in Houston got completely snowed by this dude. I even bought one of those dumb vinyl toys of him. Don’t trust that smile…
He's going back to criminal court, he's done
Never thought i would feel bad for Browns fans. Not the Browns, they suck, just the fans.
How are you a millionaire athlete and can't get any?
He had 66 masseuses rub his taint, that’s crazy
Please look up the definition of allegations and accept the fact there are no criminal charges
Rich - you are lying by saying you want to believe Watson because you clearly do not.  You have made up your mind and it's clear from this segment.
The guy is a sexual predator
so Browns
Civil is pure hearsay and a money grab
If he did violate these women why did some of them go Back more than one time ? So they can get violated more ? I’m confused
Deshaun sounded drunk or high during that press conference. I thought he was usually more well spoken and articulate than that. Sounds like a real dummy.
How dare you have a happy ending.............without the expressed written consent of the almighty NFL ............you are prohibited ............you self righteous morons
All of this is strange... Now all of a sudden because four new people supposedly come forward, Now it's a big deal?
What about a bunch of whores from a rub n tug shop trying get rich quick is so hard to believe. If they had any proof or credibility then why hasn't Watson been charged . Duh!!! Of course he's been forced to pay them off and sign NDA'S. Same thing Ray Lewis did to get off his murder charges. He was welcomed back to the NFL and inducted into the HOF.  Watson didn't murder anyone and hasn't been indicted for anything. Yet the media loves to crucify an innocent man. That's right innocent.  You're still supposed to be considered innocent until proven guilty in court. Not roasted by social media and the press. I have absolutely no knowledge of the facts or evidence in this case but if either of those actually exist then where's the indictment.
As a Steelers fan, there are quite a few of my brethren better shhhh.
Just so ppl know only 10  of these cases were heard in a grand jury so criminal action can still happen
Tough to believe? Please. No one buys this load of crap. This guy is a predator and if he’s not a rapist he’s appears to be a nose hair away. Disgusting.
Deshawn Watson is a sad story looking for a "Happy Ending"
Stefanski should be fired if the Browns have a bad season. Handled Baker situation terribly and complicit in the Watson contract. Ima say it too, Deshaun Watson is OVERRATED. He won't be much better then Baker, mark my words.
2 grand juries did not have enough evidence to indict Deshaun. Innocent until proven guilty. is this still America?
Worst decision by an NFL team, in the history of the NFL,  simply unbelievable to actually go after this guy as your quarterback
Dude looks like he has aged 20 years
he never forced anyone or assaulted anyone....so it all happened, but it was alllllll consentual....gotcha lol...well prepared by his legal team
There's a chance that one or a few are using this as a potential payday,  but there is a zero percent chance all of these allegations are false.
Browns are classy, trying to make sure there is a ton of money for the sexual assault victims. They donated it all for them. Absolutely unprecedented to give a quarter of a billion dollars to ensure the well being of the victims.
Ladies and gentlemen Rich Eisen is playing the roll of Jesus.
Patriots should have picked him up. Robert Kraft knows how to get out of this kind of problem
Deshaun Watson is a rapist!!!! No gray area. An absolute p.o.s.!!!!!
If he does speak he has something to hide if he does speak you crucify him so what’s the purpose…. Why so many massage therapists the answer is because he can and he did ask people out there who have over 100 guns they will tell u it’s their right to do so … so why ask a question like that let him handle his court cases and let the legal system take its course
Watson is a joke
How many of you guys haven't asked for a blow job? Should you be sued for asking?
Did the Keystone Cops do the investigation into Watsons past? With this mountain of legal troubles ,to not find any, seems to show they didn't care or it would would just blow over. Both bad decisions.
Josh Donaldson was suspended.
These men are Cowards...  Has he been found Guilty of Anything? Please tell Us!  Uhmmm...  Are Any of these women Guilty of participating in his guilty Pleasures🤔  Are Any of these women Lying 🤔  Are we NOW to be punished, severely, for hurting peoples feelings w/ words🤔
Browns fans got their own rapistberger now. It’s funny how the turn tables. 😂😂
Funny rich is against the white patriarch until the white patriarch sends rich( their employee)out to smear every black man that they are in action against
Thankfully  he plays for the NFL and isn’t a Hollywood executive.    His next act , he wants smoke cigars in the Oval Office.
Rich Eisen is pathetic I hope the DeShawn Watson Sue's not only the NFL but all of these employees they send out representative of the NFL to slander everyday the people they are in an action against.  This is unethical and actionable  deshawn Watson needs to take action.
Rich Eisen is representing the NFL notice what all these people that are talking about DeShaun Watson DO is at his contract into this conversation what does his contract have to do with any of this? The answer is nothing the NFL in the owners are mad because the Browns owner spent money keep in mind all these people are multi multi-billionaires
All I can say is, Cleveland, good luck trying to win a game this year with Jacobi Brissett
0-17 that’s what I am rooting for for cleveland
He has mentioned a couple times he has a girlfriend….isn’t that crazy
Why is he so tough to believe yet these bimbos are so easy to believe?
This is the most Browns thing ever
Until he is criminally charged, found guilty in a criminal court of law, I could care less.
The hookers are lying.
As a former life long browns fan, , the brownies screwed the pooch this time and he’s why I’m a former browns fan…pitiful ,  the browns definitely jumped the shark this time…✌️
browns are doomed
Says the guy that’s not in this situation. It’s easy for us to say what should be said.
Gotta love how Rich keeps it real.   Where there is that much smoke, there is definitely a fire.   In whatever walk in life can one keep his job and guaranteed compensation.   So entitled.
Money,money money !!!! GOLD DIGGERS !!!!
It's innocent until proven guilty. As stated before. All this didn't come about until Watson requested a trade. None of them filed a police report either. Not to mention two grand juries in Texas agreed with Watson and made a determination there was a lack of evidence. It's his word against their word. It's a wait and see situation.
What a stupid idea to put him in front of the cameras like that
It’s been acquitted twice! Wake up and never guarantee Rich’s opinion he is a pawn in the media.  Look at what happened with Johnny Depp over Amber Heard.
NFL Gruden has to go !! But we want the rapist QB to play again.
If this is true, then he needs to go to prison. If this is not true, then ALL 66 women need to go to prison.
media will be media
I can't wait for football season to start so these talking heads had something substantial to talk about instead of rehashing the same thing over and over again.
Pending litigation no comment. How's that answer?
They did his contract that way so they can pay baker.
Rich eisen interviewed Ben roethlisberger just 5 months ago and lobbed Big Ben a bunch of softball questions about his retirement but Rich didn't ask one question about his multiple rape allegations.. Richard Eisen is a freaking hypocrite
Browns must have been thinking "well hell it worked for the Steelers"
I met mr watson we were talking and suddenly he got a bad cramp in his leg asked me if id massage it out .i said now dont you think you have done enough ? Now stop this mess !
Rich is so annoying with this, it's like listening to dead air 😒
How many male masseuses did Deshawn Watson have?
Not a fan!  Dislike
Cleveland about as DUMBEST NFL team ever , Watson is not even elite and no reason to throw all that money at a sexual deviant and predator , stupid.
🙄🙄🙄🙄
He did not want to answer any questions. I wonder why 🤔🤔🤔
I'm sorry but i think he for 1 is an embarrassment and 2 the browns are an embarrassment for working the contract like that I know they won't have been the first but this whole situation is disgusting.
My new album 66 masseuses comes out July 6th preorder now
These women will do what ever it takes to get a bag. If they were assaulted they would have filled report same day not years later. Their credibility is suspect
So much for his “Life changing” trip to Israel.
Crazy to think that Baker Mayfield might be the most respected QB in Cleveland. Someone should have sat down with Deshaun and got him some help. Rich Eisen is really drilling those facts hard.
Ted bundy started off similar, and look how that ended
That much smoke, there's gotta be fire.
Rich Eisen is a chump and a clown. If he were guilty it would’ve been proven in the Texas court system.
When did DeShaun have time for football? 66 massage sessions might be a new NFL record though?
The thing that would actually be weird would be if a sexual predator openly viewed their actions as inappropriate.
DeShaun Watson take away all the sexual assault allegations and he is still not even worth that contract. if Patrick mahomes Tom Brady and Joe burrows aren't worth that then DeShaun Watson isn't even worth half of what the browns gave him. What has he ever won what has he done to earn that contract he has no super bowls he's got no AFC championships he has nothing no hardware. Cleveland signing him to that contract is the biggest screw up in sports history which makes sense because Cleveland is the worst city in sports history. The city of Cleveland's not the only morons in this Houston protected DeShaun Watson the police found at least 11 criminal charges and the district attorney didn't want to pursue it.
Receipts would be helpful in this investigation. Decent massage: $75-100. Upscale escort: $350-600.
If homie plays this year he's gonna have the yips so bad.
Guy is a scum bag serial sexual predator, can't believe any team would employ him.
If you look up "Chernobyl" in the dictionary, there's a picture of Deshaun Watson. If he wanted to protect his body, he should have called Tom Brady not 66 masseuses.
What a lowlife.   He belongs in the ghetto.  Not in professional sports.
Good.  The browns deserve everything bad.  And the city itself is miserable
Are these women going straight to civil court instead of him going to jail
I know your career is in sports entertainment, and broadcasting, and I have always enjoyed your show Rich.  Did Watson probably act    immaturely, irresponsibly, and make some poor decisions. It certainly seems so.  But the issue here is:  Did Watson actually "assault" or "force" anyone to engage in sexual activity?  The evidence, and lack there of, thus far, consistently seems to suggest, no.  And this new accusation, which is just now appearing, a year and a half later, after a major HBO broadcast, and is described as more "vile," and more "aggressive," and not very comparable to the previous accusations, already seems reasonably suspicious.
As someone who rooted so hard for Deshaun, I am more than disappointed. It SUCKS that he is a creep!
GLAD THE SAINTS DIDN'T GET THIS DRAMA
Rich be pissed that the Browns even with Jacoby Brisset will bitch slap  the NYJ in week 2
Black man got you guys all salty even you rich
Watson and his team are waiting for the Tony Buzbee show to be over. Let it play out in court. Haven't you heard of writing scripts. Remember 18 of the 24(now26) wanted a 100,000.00 pay day. But if ONE is true then he gets what he deserves. If it is all true then he has a problem they call hypersexuality and he needs help.
Browns gonna Brown it all sounds like Lawyer Talk to me, not to provide grounds to rescind the contract
What’s vile about a rub and tug?  Watson paid these over 18 gig workers $1000 for a massage plus tip. What were they expecting? Right wing bible thumpers fondle more women in a week that Watson did in a year! If Watson worked at Chipotle these 24 accusers would say, oh well!
I truly believe that most of, if not all of these self entitled women are chasing a paycheck. The public is finding him guilty with ZERO evidence. He's supposed to be innocent until PROVEN guilty.
I’m amazed by how dumb these main stream takes are about this subject it’s so racist what their doing it’s not even funny.
I agree. It's still a little hard to believe Cleveland gave him that contract.
I dunno...It's a real "touchy" subject..but something about all this "rubs" me the wrong way..I'm just wishing for a "happy ending" for all parties involved..🤔🙄😐😏😒😳
What a piece of s---  Cleveland ownership should be investigated
Great show
How is he allowed to even practice ...how is the league permitting this ...its amazing...
Typical browns
so... more than 66 women ... is that what you're saying?
In all this, Jealousy is ruling the day...sad.💥🏌️
Dude went to the perfect organization.
Just ask the 66th masseuse 😀
Karma, actually is a bitch. Baker has starred in too many commercials but has zero cases.
Watson has already played his last NFL game. The league is beyond politically correct and will never let him play another down of football, EVER!
This feels like karma for the way the Browns screwed over Baker.
If he has to think about that number?Hmm
No surprise. What did the media think he would say,  I did it all.
At this point, I'm team Deshaun.
The worst part of this is that it was a completely unnecessary move.  Last years team was great but underachieved due to injuries. It happens. Haslam panicked and the FO couldn't talk him out of it. Stupid, stupid, stupid
Look at the case with Rebecca Grossman. She literally killed 2 baby brothers while driving under the influence 2 years ago and because of her wealth she is still free, now this is disgusting, Watson didn’t kill anyone!
This is why we have a justice system. Thise women will have their day in court.
Innocent until proven guilty!!!!
Listen to the phallus Envy and buck breaking narrative to destroy Watson W.Supremacy at its finest
He's not getting out of this clean....at all. His best chance is that his lawyers can convince the general public that these women were knowingly hired for happy endings. That a woman that would give a happy ending for $100 would likely lie to turn that into a $1,000,000 settlement. If they can't prove that, he's done, and he should be. At best he's a guy with a seriously sad addiction to paying for "attention" and at worst he's a disgusting predator that should be in jail without any of the money he Browns are set up to give him.
Beginning to think he is the worst person alive, now 25 and 26. You would be a fool to believe him, he is a serial predator who needs to be kicked out of the NFL. He makes me nauseous.
Now everyone was ready for him to sign with New Orleans, Charlotte, ATL. Everyone was cool. Browns sign him and y'all really mad he got paid.
Good luck watching the whole thing I could barely watch the clips
Give him a break......
To the people claiming this is all a hoax and they’re just after his money: how come the other 1000 nfl players don’t go through this? Lmao. This is unprecedented, this is not a normal thing that proceeds from a rich and famous nfl player being preyed upon, get real.
Omg  What have the Cleveland Browns Done??
Why can’t he just say he’s to busy to have a girlfriend or a wife and I wanted to pay for a hand job. That’s what he should have said and they took the money and I blew my load. And that’s that
he got richly rewarded for molesting 26 women. If joe biden had a son, he would look like deshaun,.
Too many happy endings...🤑🤑🤑
You keep saying masseuse...how many of them actually have license to practice massage therapy?
Because he wanted to
This dude has sociopathic attributes. He looks way too relaxed considering the optics of the situation. Then again, it may be all that guaranteed money. lol
Why is Watson in Cleveland? Simple; the Dolphins wouldn't tender a contract until the cases were completely settled. He and his legal team tried to do so but four of the women held out. This then placed the Browns and Saints as the two organizations wanting Watson. Cleveland then decided (one must think, in a drunken state) that they'd give Watson the highest paid contract ever. The Browns clearly didn't do much in terms of looking into these allegations and it shows.
Wow I’m not a browns fan but if I were I could not root for them as long as he earned a check form the stains. He seems extremely disturbed. Peace
So you have to stick to one masuse
and not 1, let me repeat, not ONE charge by any prosecutor has been filed against him and they investigated the hell out of this. BUT, the ladies keep coming out of the woodwork because they want a payday. He left woman feeling "disrespected?" oh please. IM not the moral police, and he may have treated people like crap in his effort to get woman in to bed with him, but is it illegal? oh, but if you you made someone feel bad, then you need to pay up 1 million to each. Yawn, im tired of this.
Maybe all that guaranteed money, all but that 1 million that can be held back the first year, is to pay for all the legal fees and settlements he may be expecting…
Good thing he's innocent
It’s only tough to believe if you don’t believe him
Only the Browns would give that Contract lol
Does this man ever play another game in the NFL? It seems unlikely.
Can I have just 1 million?
If he was white he’d be out of the nfl.
why? its most believeable...rich being a corporate tool again
I can’t believe we acting like this stuff is proven,  everyone in these comments Better the careful with how they live their life cause apparently we are all one allegation away from being guilty
Trash.
Deshaun's alleged to have touched ADULTS Joe Biden is alleged to have TOUCHED kids..... Just gonna leave this here 😘😂
The good about civil court if your lying you just pay the court fees....If you go through the police and Lie you go to jail....Civil court is a liar's lair. Keep that in mind
The NFL is a joke.
my gut is a great judge of character  and it’s giving me 2 thumbs down for watson
Why is this guy getting so much press?  He is a pig, period.
Let us not be judging Satan knows all our weaknesses , I promise he knows yours. So be careful....
Crazy situation, hopefully this clears up fast! If he is found innocent, won't matter! He's been attack and painted as a predator by people!
Hey Rich, you know who else had such a string of bad luck…? Epstein.
What's tough to believe is all these women never being paid for services. I'm sure Watson did things consensual. These women in these parlors tell you what they will do for a tip. You drive past these foot spas at 2am and you see 3 cars out front. It's only because Deshaun Watson is a high profile Black QB that it's an issue!! No criminal lawsuits. No investigators finding anything credible. Jurors didn't find anything credible! Report these topics when you bring up Deshaun Watson!! Texans next door neighbor just happens to be the lawyer who is against Watson. Complete sabotage. These stories hit the news right when Watson wanted to leave Texans because they traded away his best receiver and he knows Texans organization doesn't care about winning. If he did something criminal they would have been filed criminal suit and jury and investigators would have brought out credibility. Knock it off!!!
Wait till next year to hand out the suspension, problem solved.
Kind of funny how this comes out right after the depp trial
D W needs to shut the hell up
I'm sure Jesus is greatly relieved that you are here moralizing and judging because now he can take a day off. There's been an outbreak of piety and we all need to be alert as there are saints among us.
He's Innocence...... It's all about the Money$$...... If he was a Nobody you would have heard Nothing!!!! Everyone was Adults, No one was Forced or Hurt!!!! I wish Media went after Hunter Biden like this..... What Afckin JOKE!!!!
"Tough to have to deal with" How do u think the sixty fuggin six women feel..? I personally don't believe a word that comes out of his mouth. Dudes a predator...
BAN HIM FOR LIFE!!!
Watson should not be put in public......EVER.
All things if true do not look good obviously and need to be seriously addressed but  passing judgement by Rich before the facts are decided in court makes me uneasy and is not really fair.  Hoping after the fact he is innocent then backtracking seems disingenuous just saying.
Theory: the browns paid his contract knowing the money would be used to settle his lawsuit and pay off the victims
He didn't sound sincere, honest or even angry like everyone else who is truly innocent would be.
and the browns will never win anything with haslam contributing to decision.  imagine jerry jones with an IQ of 75
They should take away Robert Kraft's salary too
You're trying too hard to like him, Rich.
Any guy who uses the phrase "...and things like that," is an idiot. IQ well below 100. He flies in the face of the idea that the QB has to be a smart guy. It's instinctive and he can throw a ball good. End of story. To answer your other question, Rich, the masseuses are "happy ending" masseuses. But you knew that, right?
Dude is a total joke.  Is sorry for what his teammates are having to go through???? WTH?  What about the women?
It really shows you how horrible the Cleveland Browns organization is. How do you not investigate this more prior to offering him a huge guaranteed contract? They didn’t even reach out to the accusers! I feel bad for the longtime fans but not the decision makers for that team. They have done nothing but make horrible moves over the years.
deshaun believes that happy ending is part of massage therapy.  and you see the 66 as no one will see you again after you sexually assault them
He really wants us to think all of those women just couln't resist him. And jeopardized their careers by willingly sleeping with this little jerk.
The deal is a million to cut him if he’s a proven rapist. At the time of signing a deal he was cleared by two different Texas grand juries lol
i think the moron haslam now ought to give jamarcus russell 500 million and then kaepernick and manziel a billion each.  this would at least make a lot more sense than paying deshaun AND, incredibly, giving up high draft picks
He had a sore body that needed attention  , leave the guy alone. Where's the criminal charges? There isn't any.
5yrs suspension should be enough… 🤣
NFL creates precedent where they allow a team to (in a limited capacity) void a contract.  If they ever would it’s now…
Rich is obsessed with this story.
The browns won't recover from this for the next decade.
Serial sexual predator?
ray rice is somewhere punching the air rn. could've gotten 240m for beating up one woman. instead went to a guy who sexually harasses 100 😂
The browns are dumb af for paying him that
You know you're a real P.O.S human when you make me feel bad for an Insurance company! Poor Root Insurance for having to be apart of that circus.
u really can't believe it Rich?
Is Robert Craft vile 🤨🧐🤔🤬
Should be a 5 year suspension
NFL precedent.......... 6 game suspension per allegation, works out to about 8 years. good luck Cleveland.
Your opening statement was incorrect Rich the NFL can touch more then just that 1 million dollars do your research
Love the question being asked and then cutting to the answer.  Well done, very polished!
Rich Eisen: smooth as butter.  Really enjoy your show.
Damn deshaun looks like he aged 10 years in the past year. That man is stressed. I get the feeling that he took the guaranteed money because he knows he’s gonna get reprimanded for his actions
And to top it off, he isn’t playing for at least another season.
Lock him up
As a Washington fan I'm like"better them then us"
Screw the Browns.  I’m done.  Finally done.  Can’t be a fan anymore.
Bro are other nfl players going to shake his hand before or after games? Uhhhh doubt it…
Rich will never be satisfied even if he is found not guilty
Sounds like you have already decided Rich, it is your show but now aint no point of adding the words "if it is true" just say you think he is guilty and believe all those women that didnt file charges they just filed for a huge payday.
Deshaun Watson. I BELIEVE YOU
He's a pervert
I generally believe the woman, almost always. But I just can't see why some guy who could pick all he wants from the top shelf would go around sexually harassing women. Is there any example in recent history of this happening? Weinstein makes sense. Weinstein looks like a turd in a suit. Then again, there is the possibility that Watson is completely insane. He's either clinically insane or none of the allegations are true.
stop begging to believe him, you're giving cover to a conman predator that sees women as chattel
Just shows that NFL doesn’t care about the truth. Kinda like dirty politicians. End of the day its all about ticket sales and revenue. Watson is Guilty. His body count is like 30 and this dude gets a fat contract. Browns desperate 😂
Still not looking like DW going to be playing this year or going to be  a Cleveland Browns QB
Keep in mind re Isaac two grand jurys did not believe those women either
Question how many women from his college days accused him???
From seeing the amount of male Browns defend him, I no longer believe the Browns fanbase to be anywhere near the best far from it, former Brown fan here.
I got the the baby yoga position in my mind. This grown man in a baby yoga position for a massage. 🤦🏾‍♂️🙄 Oh, lordt help this day
Browns traded for Brock Osweiler from Texans and ate the contract.
Feeling violated and being violated are too completely separate things
These women were looking for exaxtly what he was lookin for. But everyone acting holier than thou, including Rich.
They trying to bury him but it ain't gon work go browns...   2 grand juries won't convict him so the media can? Like Trump said fake news
Even if the grand jury didn’t follow with criminal charges, his behavior is predator like. Even the men are disgusted at this point, the meanwhile the nfl is chilling
Browns are going to hell
The Browns are going to the Super Bowl.!!! I believe that as much as I believe Watson. LOL
all I did is ask woman for blowjobs what's that problem. it's a free country.
Harvey Weinstein 2.0
Remember every time he scored a TD, he would sniff his finger.   What does that symbolize? He has a lot of growing up to do. 😐
Mr Watson what is Japanese rain goggles?
Sexual predator
Boot this dude out of the league
As a lifelong Pittsburgh fan I always tell people no matter what the Browns will always be the Browns. 👍
HAA ha, stupid Cleveland Front Office. Who is getting fired over this screw-up?
He doesn't owe the media anything and shouldn't even be answering their questions. He and these women with have their day in civil court.
Cleveland got their mature adult.   🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣   Baker did what he did for Cleveland only to have them disrespect him with this serial predator.   Surprising baker was able to win a game with this shitty organization.
Deshaun Watson's problem is that he wasn't informed that hookers were called massage therapists now.
I am excited that my Eagles didn't get this guy.Yet another blockhead decision, the will keep cleavland in the toilet for years!
Innocent until proven guilty... quit judging this man unless you know
it still seems TOO coincidental that all of this started coming about when he demanded a trade last year ....I dont know what happened nor will I judge , I just hope the truth comes out ...
Ban Dashaun Watson from the NFL for life!
Watson probably had HAPPY ENDINGS with a few masseuses and just assumed all masseuses were like that.
NFL should suspend minimum 1 but better 2 years. Void contract the way it was written, if contract maintained, needs to loose full 45 mil each year, not just 1,000,000.
It’s tough to believe…Rich is more taken aback because of 66 masseuses…not the fact that 26 people are suing him for violating them…that’s the problem with American society…measure for measure
im sorry,  Watson just doesnt sound all that smart.  doesnt mean he's guilty or innocent,  just means if he keeps answering questions he's eventually going to let something slip that he cant take back.   all the media coaching in the world isnt going to help him.   if i was his lawyers,   id drill into his head,  no comment,  no comment,  no comment.
24 accusers out of 66 total is a pretty high rate. Roughly a 36% chance that a massage will result in a court case if you’re Desean Watson. If I were him I would not even think about having a massage ever again.
We all are waiting the final outcome, but not you!!! Your opinion!!!
Hey Rich…here is the answer, suspend him without pay for 4 years
" where there is smoke, there is fire, and my God the smoke can be seen from space"
So here you go!!!! The judge, jury, and excencusioner!!!!!
When you find yourself in a hole, STOP DIGGING! When you are being sued by 24 women, STOP TALKING! He has lost credibility to most out there.
Why would anyone see 66 masuess In that timeframe?  It’s because that person some fucking issues.
The Brown's have lost their minds. They will live to deeply regret their idiocy
Eisen, you ever had false claims made upon you? Just because a person makes a claim doesn’t make it true. Especially when there’s cash to be paid. Just saying.  So,  Give me a break w your white knight  Understanding of despicable actions by Watson.
A bit off topic but that is a terrible sweater
Or, you take him at his word... He’s not denying that these things happened. He’s saying he DOESN’T BELIEVE THERE IS ANYTHING WRONG with these actions and he doesn’t think there is anything demeaning and disrespectful about treating women that way. That kind of toxic mindset is a far bigger concern.
I’m the midst of the world salad… I heard him express regret for what he’s dragging us browns fans through. Thanks for acknowledging that
Doesn’t wanna play for Houston because they destroyed their own team and all of sudden he’s a perverted delinquent when he had never had any problems whatsoever before this point. Not saying he’s innocent but it’s a really wild.
I feel for Browns’ fans. I think the front office panicked and made a rushed decision. Watson’s pattern of activity is more a lifestyle than anything else.
He's full of it. I don't believe him.
I hope the GM didn’t buy a house 🏡 in Cleveland since the owner isn’t going to take the fall for this dumb decision…
theyre allegations
A complete Clown 🤡 show.  Houston has to be laughing that they not only traded Watson, but another AFC is going up in flames 🔥 by making this trade and giving so much to get him.
He can’t answer these questions without saying something that might be use against them. It’s an ongoing matter. Media just want this guy to be guilty so much that they doing everything to get him in trouble.
The browns is the browns
UNBELIEVABLE.     GOOD LUCK CLEVELAND.    Who the hell in the organization brought him in and gave this contact with all this legal mess over his head ???
Why should Deshaun be suspended?  He treated the women like "special" massage women.  Many of those women are "special".  The women should have told him that no means no.  Deshaun understands that no means no.
Rich is a standard contract that the Browns offer guys.  It wasn't specific.  It's amazing how 2 grand juries who had more evidence said we'll pass nothing to prosecute here.  Yet, because some people accused him, he's guilty.  I thought it was innocent until PROVEN guilty.  Hasn't even went to civil court yet has he?     Crazy how the narrative about certain players is framed vs others
This guy is a good commentator.
He is paying his legal team to answer these questions.
Hear ye hear ye, to all the cowardly men this society has trained, let's believe all women because history has to us women never lie, even tho we have proof they do, let's just pretend they don't so we can continue to destroy men's lives while women continue doing whatever they like and get away with it🤦🏾
Watson may be a bad guy, but he may be a genius. Guaranteed money in the midst of this debacle.
Stop it rich.., He’s a millionaire single why would he not hire the most beautiful massage therapist there is. I guess he would have been happier if he would’ve hired an escort then you really could have broke some fat steaks. UBS wanna b’s.
The browns deserve all this garbage
Cleveland organization may be more inept than the Washington Commanders.
For the first time you said it right..it is tough. But let it play out! He made some stupid decisions. Let it play out.. There are some people who want to get paid. Now that the Houston team is involved this will go, play out differently.
I think Texans should get investigated by NFL for 66 NDA..
"Word salad"...perfect description. DW has not be prepped well. Ill-prepared is how he is coming off.
Three words to describe Watson....guilty, guilty, guilty. He should be banned for at least two years ( see T. Bauer MLB)
Imagine getting hired at a job and your employer says “we’re gonna give you more money than we’ve ever given anyone but, being that you likely won’t be able to work for a year, we’re gonna make it so you still make as much money as possible.”
The mainstream media has drawn a line in the sand...  YOU WILL BELIEVE THE NARRATIVE WE TELL YOU TO BELIEVE NO MATTER WHAT IT IS..  They think we are stupid and spineless and are cowards to political correctness. It's that simple..  He can't be a man and ask for a happy ending
Okay, the Obama Football League goes down in flames.  No big loss to working Americans.
If I was Baker, I'd sit out this year out of spite.
Do we have any proof hes guilty of a crime?.....im waiting
Deshaun 66, Alex Guerrero 1.
D. Watson is coming to cleveland hode your women! Shouldnt be allowed to play ever again! P.o.s.
If the Amber Turd / Depp trial showed us. We now know not all women can be believed
Btw there are 26 civil lawsuits now. Mike Florio reported that another 2 women came forward.
Truly the factory of sadness.
If court doesn’t see enough to be a crime, what is Society hoping happens here. I’m not agreeing with his behavior but if a judge can’t find anything in 66 cases….. I don’t know what to think.
What triggers Rich so much about Watson? And with zero evidence produced thus far.
You're done in the NFL....P O S
This is worse than Client 9.
MIisyer big stuff
The question may be what do you call it when you add a dumpster fire to an already blazing dumpster fire?  Being kind it is sad to say you call that the Cleveland Browns.
He’s a predator and a narcissist. Most Cleveland move ever signing this guy
Watson is a predator. How is he not banned for life?  Show me a single other employee that would retain their job after this?  None.
I lul'd when Eisen started to call the Browns a championship caliber team and then the fans are the best in the business. Brown noser! 😄
Disappointed in the Browns organization for not respecting the women who came forward. I have been a Browns fan for 60 years, I am a  85 year old woman, in my mind and heart I don't know if I can  still be a fan of org. That keeps him he should not play
The guy will never play a down.  I find it difficult to believe that the Browns do not have an escape clause.
Deshaun, just retire, Perv. -Titans fan
God hates the Browns.
Rich regardless of what’s out there he hasn’t been found guilty of anything and a grand jury failed to indict him . So what he’s a young rich guy with a fetish and if you don’t think so called Maussers / escorts can’t collude and try to make some fast money then you’re naïve
Your just like all the rest of the media, no better, there were no criminal charges, twice, does that mean anything to you ?, ignore the facts, you guys are pathetic, am I allowed to say that in our soon to be socialist country.
Don’t you know? The NFL, NBA, MLB all support criminals and their “organizations” that support them. If you are shocked by this, than you are blind.
So he's pussy hound.  That's not illegal.  I think these women are trying to make a quick 100k cause they know he's good for it.  That's why all of these are civil, not criminal.  Who cares what the documents are saying if they are lying.
Its unfortunate, everybody loses no matter what, NFL fans included.
Trevor Bauer  suspension 2years at least..!
He went to the Amber Heard School of Legal PR
It's crazy that they felt disrespected after he asked for a trade then the media and others hate the contract that he has so he is automatically guilty because he's being accused by women that could be either telling the truth or lying even of he's innocent he's gonna be vilified forever
i want to get me some of that "happy ending" money.
You would think that Cleveland fans would not get behind this guy. No I don't think he is guilty of all charges, but he damn sure ain't innocent
The league has to do something. It is outrageous.
Although I personally think that there is a possibility that what is alleged may have happened. Pretty sure you have interviewed Ray Lewis since the death of 2 stabbing victims. Who copped an obstruction charge. I don't know what Lewis did. And frankly you don't know what Watson did. Good for clicks though.
He is a sexual predator..
Nobody is saying. Maybe he is getting new lawsuits because he has allot of money 💰? Just maybe!!
The browns giving that ridiculous contract to Watson will go down in history as the biggest blunder in all off professional sports!
STOP SAYING GUARANTEED CONTRACT..!..FIRST HE HAS TO PLAY..THEN HE HAS TO NOT BE SUSPENDED..THEN HE HAS TO KEEP HIS NOSE CLEAN..THEN HE HAS TO PLAY .THEN HE HAS ROSTER BONUSES ...LONG WAY FROM GUARANTEED  !!
The Most Ultimate Brown's Move Ever!
Waow
The other puzzling thing is that the Browns would refuse Baker Mayfield a contract extension. Mayfield is owed $18+M this coming season. And they would give DeShaun Watson a $243M fully guaranteed contract when there were already 22 lawsuits pending? Talk about "Penny wise pound foolish". And do they think all men & women would accept Watson, watching him perform at the NFL? Would the NFL allow him to play this year?
The League may not be able to touch that money.  The Browns may not be able to get any of their money back.  But with all these accusers, it's all gonna go to legal fees.
Go Browns, Go! Disgusting pigs all around….surprising that one or more of these massage therapists does not record sessions for self protection
66?  Sounds like Veronica in Clerks, 37?!
The classic case of He said / She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said, She said.
Married and in love with one and only one woman Baker Mayfield is looking pretty valuable right now.
How about asking him one football related question 🤔
Why hasn’t this man been charged criminally yet for these allegations ? That’s my only question. Any D.A in the country would love to be the one that takes him down. So why no charges? This is a young rich man, who obviously likes ( a lot) massages by women. But is that a crime?  He signed that big deal, and more women came out  to get a piece. That’s what a civil suit is about. I don’t know what happened. But the actions by these women show their intent. Because if this was real, he will be in jail now. I detest violence against women, but I dislike  women who use allegations as a weapon, even more.
The question is, has DeShaun Watson stopped going to different women for massages? Because he has never explained why he contacted so many masseuses over a 17-week period (66 reportedly)? All of them have similar allegations. The allegations can make you puke. The FBI cleared him of criminal whatever, maybe because there were no cameras or witnesses & it's a maybe he-said she-said thing. And so many of them (24) came forward that it's hard to believe. What disturbs me more is his manner, when he's answering the questions at the press conferences...
I read document and he really comes off like a narcissist sexual predator that feels what he did wasn't wrong
Question, how bad was Mayfield in the locker room if the Browns were willing to dump him for this gong show?
It’s hard to watch him and not think he is a pervert somewhere in between Louis C.K. & Bill Cosby.  The judge should issue a gag order.
26?  I thought he was gonna add another TD.
Watch him be guilty, the Browns are some level of stupid
66 allegation.. he says I don't think so 🤣🤣 just keep your mouth shut
Detectives said he committed ten crimes yet the evidence wasn't presented to either grand jury according to articles and Buzbee
I love how the browns team are suck a 💩 show. I love it
I'm sorry, I know he's a great QB and everyone is innocent until proven guilty. But, as a team, I wouldn't go anywhere near this guy. Nor give up all those draft picks and all that money...
Rich because there are 390 muscle in the body that’s a lot to get rub out u might need 66 .
Cleveland is an embarrassingly desperate team.
DeShaun Watson REALLY needs to be the QB of the Washington Football Team.
Can he still play football?  It's been a long time. If it was only Amber Heard I would listen but up to 66 women give me a break.  It's not like Houston isn't known for cheating in professional sports. This will be a huge lawsuit between two teams if he's suspended indefinitely.
In the eyes of Rich and most of White America innocent until proven guilty and due process.. Doesn't apply to black people the man hasn't been found guilty nor has anything been proven to be true.. Yet Rich and the rest of White America are ready to Lynch him from a tree.. Not 1 but 2 Grand Juries didn't see fit to indict him.. Grand juries who only need a shred chose to throw these BS cases out.. If DeShaun Watson was a young White man you wouldn't see the media going at him nowhere near as hard as they're going at him now.. And also they would be saying you have to respect the courts decision.. DeShaun Watson might be losing in the court of public opinion but he's winning in the court that matters
I have always been a Cleveland fan. No better look than the brown jersey. But I am still stunned by all this. I remind people that Baker had a different OC/HC each of his four seasons and still a winning record. Watson is my LAST choice for an adult in the huddle.
Is being willing to pay someone who throws a football $46 million normal ?
He’s so scripted and a liar
No criminal charges?!?!?  It's he-say she-say..  Let's go.  Play ball!!!!
Why are you guys acting like he killed someone? Unbelievable. I hate the liberal NFL fan base. Such a cancer. Now we’d the judge, jury, and executioner before a guy even goes through trial…and not to mention that all of these are CIVIL lawsuits, not criminal. Unbelievable.
Watson must be one hell of a player for them to put up with all this.
Lesson here is self control and that guy was trying to sleep with all of Huston and it backfired bad....
Doesnt a full body massage include the weener?
bye bye for weed. hello for sexual assault
I don’t know all the rules of the court but I don’t understand if he is found guilty in civil suits how could he not be guilty in a criminal case? 26 cases just a payout, seems weird too me. If someone can explain that too me that would be great. It just doesn’t seem enough if he is found guilty.
There's a difference between illegal and unethical behavior. He cleared the legal hurdle of criminal conduct. He doesn't have to provide a response that can be used against him in the civil lawsuits. You can hate DW for his alleged behavior however he should not be held to a higher standard than the former POTUS. Finally the idea that ALL of these women were nuns that were violated is a joke.
I can pinpoint at least 10 women that are flat out lying. Most of these allegations sounds rehearsed. And 66 is not a confirmed number so stop it.
Damn, Eisen was CLEARLY hurt. Wow!
I feel for people in Cleveland it would suck to have this as your team. So glad Seattle's a class organization the Allen family are from western Washington and care about this area. Haslem is from east TN and probably can't stand Ohio
This is a nfl problem not just the browns it’s not like Watson is the only one kraft farve ect
C'mon, give Deshaun a break. After all, it's not like he took a knee!
As soon as you said "new York times" as much as i hope justice is served. That paper is 3 stages below a tabloid at best lol
Things aren’t looking fantastic right now.. where you at Goodell??
lol praising the Clown franchise as contenders near the end
How do you spell "scumbag"?  Deshaun Watson.  Believe it.  He is a predatory piece of garbage.
ALLEGEDLY
you know after  all the lawyer fees and other cost to fight that many cases and big chunk of the money he got went to irs he might go  broke and never play again .
If these Females felt Violated then why still have him as a client many other time’s after🤔
This guy is a disgrace and so is the NFL.  He should be sitting until this is settled.  Another black eye for NFL.
The dog pound has a bone head quarterback.
Hmmm...English as a 2nd language?  WTF is he saying?  No sabe Nebonics.
I wonder if there’s a federal investigation yet.
If there is proof that he physically abused any of these girls, he should burn. BUT, Is  there a limit to the amount of masseuses that a person can hire? I don't see how that number matters. Browns fans will have short memories if this guy becomes a star. Steelers fans, including myself, completely blanked out Big Ben's bullshit. Maybe Deshaun should grab a Bible and quote some scripture. "Theological Whiteout".  Sadly, It works for most hypocritical so called Christians.
What if Mayfield  plays lights-out?
You want his contract guaranteed or as much of it as possible.  Reason is it's going straight to his victims.
You can’t blame him for not giving info. Everything he says is gonna be used against him regardless of innocence
Whats wrong with a good p nis massage...doh.....
Root insurance really? 😂
I'm still pissed at how much the Saints pursued this craziness and am beyond relieved that Cleveland gave him that ridiculous contract.
My question to Rich is this, doesn't your want to believe him not only show how hard it is for female victims of sexual asault/harrasment even when there are 26 of them? That you even want to give him credit for still doing the presser without saying anything or offering anything?
He is 💯 percent GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY  🤮🤮🤮🤬🤬🤬😠
Am I the only one in United States that thinks that the Texans have something to do with this no criminal case has been brought against this man but you sit up here and you pass judgment....sad
2 Grand Jury and state attorney said no .but media  won't give up  as if they are more accountable then the law
Exempt list this whole season, and I think he only gets his $1M for first year.  NFL can then suspend him 1 or 2 years, and he then loses many millions while suspended.  NFL should play this right.  While not playing, his game time skills slowly diminish. He might decide to retire and live off his millions in the bank, and not suffer the onslaught of fans booing while playing.
He's lying.
The Browns should have taken pointers from Kevin Costner! The movie Draft Day is looking like a beautiful "if only" dream.
They're not masseuses their call girls.
Why is DeShaun Watson still in football? Are all 66 of these women liars? Does he think all massage therapists are hookers? This guy gets a pass while any average guy faced with this avalanche of separate but similar claims would be cooked and done. The NFL is despicable. Not to mention Daniel Snyder.
Where's the evidence? I don't care how many women come forth.  No police report,  no rape kit.  Two Grand jury found no evidence to bring it to trial. The NFL has no evidence to suspend Watson. Look at al the l white men convicting Watson without any evidence.  What do that remind you of.
Cleveland is fucked. If i were Baker, and Watson misses time, i would refuse to play for that fucking organization. IF, the Carolina trade doesnt end up happening.
Colin Kaepernick was black balled out of the NFL for knelling to protest against human right violations against black people by various law enforcement agencies. Now, it appears that this potential sexual predator will be permitted to play if he simply settles these 24 cases  out of court. How low will the NFL go for this guy. Settling these cases will be an admission of guilt, he should be kicked out of the league should this transpire.
The Browns organization will get what they deserve.  I will say, not all if those women did not lie.  The Haslems are a disgrace to this team and Cleveland.
These broads lying I don’t care what people say…
He’s delusional.  He thinks his behavior is normal?  He’s sick.
It’s a class action lawsuit that’s  why there’s so many women
Lol the Browns will never stop sucking
No u don’t wanna believe him that’s bs
I was a lifelong Brown's fan, supported them through it all, the fumble, the drive even when there were no Brown's. Now I am truly without a team. I could never cheer for this organization again. Their willful involvement in this entire mess has been truly disgusting. For what? Win's. I could never celebrate a win, not even a Super bowl. How can anyone ever cheer for this rotten, morally bankrupt, disgusting organization.
Drink the Jim Jones DW!!
Where is the outrage for Big Ben raping a women ? Oh wait he is white I forgot. This is the most racist thing I’ve seen today
Billionaire can’t get laid any other way?
All they did was find more hoes to lie
Don't think it's going to be a happy ending for the Browns
I’ve seen a room filled with hundreds of people claiming the earth is flat… should I believe them???
If I was baker Mayfield, and the browns asked him to cover this year ,he should tell them 25million a year guaranteed
Are u really this naive or just pretending??? He paid for a handjob, now these vultures come from everywhere trying to get money
I believe him no disrespect these modern day woman lie about everything it's a about getting paid for them the truth hurts there I said deal with it
This dude is a clown. NFL is sinking its own players and league.
Rich you wasn't there. You don't know what happened.
He needs to attend the Derek Jeter School of Courtship!!
The grand jury not indicting smells like the lack of charges in the recent Georgia murder. Public officials weren’t going to indict until a video was released and public outcry forced it.
Rich SERIOUSLY has no idea why Watson would want happy endings from 66 women?  Rich, I'm not trying to be rude when I say, "duh."  Forcing a woman is criminal. These allegations passed by criminality a long time ago.  Why isn't anyone asking the latest woman why she went back for 2 MORE APPOINTMENTS after she was sexually assaulted?  That doesn't sound suspicious to anyone else?
Deshaun has been criminally cleared.  That means there wasn’t a crime committed.  This was a consensual wheel house that was used to blackmail him.
wonder what was covered up while he was in that little college town in upstate South Cakalaki?
PREDATOR WATSON
hard to see all this as true but what do i know
When you think that the NFL has not yet addressed this and Watson got paid no matter what... Compare that to Kaepernick who took a stand against racism, and he can't even get a job. Pitiful
Only guy, Rich Eisen, willing to call the way he's sees it.
Just wanna know if Baker is still doing _Progressive_ commercials for the 2022 season. Heard that Flo is getting jealous.
His answers and his body language portray that he’s guilty af!!
Talk about privilege ,aah 🤔
anyone else think Rich deserves better than a ground-level office room for his studio?
Keep talking about this Rich it’s always powerful
All I can say is, it's hard for 66 random women, even a few friends, to have all a similar story and the Legos not fit.
everyone talks about the quarter of a billion dollars that's tied up in DeShaun Watson but I think we're forgetting that the Cleveland browns mortgage their future through draft picks to obtain him. there is zero upside to this it's all bad.
Used to like and respect you but you have gone off the righteous rails in this matter. Numbers? There is prospectively a very good reason the numbers keep adding up. It's money.  It is a calculated legal strategy by plaintiff lawyers. No more Rich Eisen for me.
Scumbag.  Why should that slime ball get a dime?
I’m telling you man as soon as the browns become good covid started. Their curse is our curse, let them suck.
Browns should get Fined 4 that BS Contract... Watson set down 4 2yrs.   No pay
So, the fact they were able to sign Ward and Njoku doesn't have anything to do with the contract? Ok sure👍🏼
So what was he supposed to do, bro like he dont need yalls credits... he just need all the smoke to flood out and then they can address properly... Buzzby out here stashing accusers... instead of letting all the women come forth now...  I hope he continues he did do himself some justice because he got out in front and still spoke... knowing media gonna spin this everyway they can to drag him...   Sad thing is many are more upset about the contract then anything else... they wanted, Brady, Breeze, Rodgers, Manning to be the first fully guaranteed player of this scale of pay... but it's him and yes the Browns did it... so it's all wrong 😕
The media creates the narrative than talks about it with shock value
26 women said he did it who do you believe.......
It’s too bad he gets paid for absolutely terrible behavior but of course it’s the browns who are paying.
The hypocritical NFL allowed people who were accused of murder to play again
You are all filthy in this situation you all sung praises about him you are as guilty as he is you should be ashamed now you try to backtrack wow how skeevy
66 massage therapists? I don't think so but you'd have to ask my attorney.  Why not "hell no"? If these were bogus claims, this man was being railroaded by gold diggers, don't you think the answer would be just "no"..
Rich said it best. the fact that hes not denying contacting 60 masseuses' says everything that you need to know
he should never step foot in a massage parlor again
Please share with your audience that you were informed the Browns have similar contracts with T J Ward, Myles Garrett where the first year of the contract is set at a million or so. This contract structure has been applied in the past with Browns signees. Just to be fair.
He said he didn’t do it and media still keep accusing. I definitely wouldn’t do any more interviews if I were him.
It’s funny the man was found NOT GUILTY. Yet the falsely accused women walk Scott free. So what does that do for other Women for who have nothing to lose? Take a chance at lotto of course and accuse him as well.
Stay focus Deshaun and keep the faith.  Innocent until proven guilty.
DeShawn Epstein
Browns be Browns
I guess if you black you guilty until proven innocent. You know AmeriKKKa is quick to set rich black men up Bill Cosby,KobeTupac should I continue....
Rich, it’s clear that you’re very biased against him.  How about a little bit of neutrality here, huh?  🤔🤷🏻‍♂️  Maybe just state the facts, such as the fact that two grand juries declined to pursue criminal charges.
Robert Kraft literally got caught paying for handjobs and it wasnt nearly as big a deal as this
The guy is a scum bag straight up I usually root for the Browns, can't say I'm a die hard fan but I root for them. Well at least I did, I have zero respect for this move.
Did anyone ask," why did you need 66 masseuses?"  What was his answer?
Thank you.
“That’s a lot of word salad right there.”  Rich, there are more than 20 active, pending civil lawsuits.  What do you expect him to really say?  To address each of the accusations individually?  🤔🤷🏻‍♂️  He has to be very careful with his words because they can be used against him in a court of law.  Considering the accusations, I think he actually said quite a bit, certainly a lot more than I expected him to say.  🤷🏻‍♂️
He's a liar and a predator and he knows how many women he contacted if he wasn't rich and famous he be in jail
Lol it's almost as of he didn't earn that money they gave him
Why weren’t these two follow-up questions asked: 1. “Okay Deshan, if 66 is not the right number, what do you think the approximate correct number of different massage therapists is?” 2. “What seemed to be lacking in each of these massage experiences which caused you to keep switching service providers?”
Ok, Browns fans. It's time to bail. They should bail and will undoubtedly get the contract voided. The Texans are defendants. They knew. Draft picks given in good faith. Cancel all of it!
I can just hear the chants now “ 66 “ this is awful.. this dude has a problem and needs to seek help.
75 percent of these women could b lying money grab
It makes no sense for someone to Claim they are forced if someone exposes their selves to You and you don’t want to be exposed to them you would just walk away, these prosecutors want to Destroy a black athlete while LA county people are walking around naked smoked crack meth and dope in the streets these females are likely LIARS…women lie all the time and the media wants to take a side …it’s sad
Amber Heard deserves this guy.
WTH!  I don’t get how the media, including Rich, who I know doesn’t feel great about this situation, is nowhere near treating this like Urban Meyer was treated. This behavior is as despicable or worse than Meyer. Watson is getting a relatively free ride because everyone is afraid to offend him. He isn’t remorseful about anything.
Browns gonna brown
He starting to look like R Kelly more each day, Lol
This makes me question Andrew Berry as a GM. Who in their right mind would green light this deal or even entertain it?! This will forever hang over the Browns and their franchise.
Hard to believe because you made up your mind a long time ago. Despicable
Here's the bottom line bro I'm tired of these women just crying and getting away with murder it's not a crime to smash a chick if she says you can smash her period if he didn't rape them that's that don't be a hoe and then cry about it and it's funny how all these allegations only come up when men have a lot of money what's so hard to believe
Why it’s tough to to believe perhaps 🤔 y’all ran with a one sided story deemed a man guilty before he have his day in court and yet it’s tough to believe y’all all are hypocrites in the media check out my boy poadcast Garrett Bush called the media guilty verdict this is crazy. And they are cherry picks
Makes no sense how many women get violated before one presses charges makes 0 sense
STOP RICH
Stop being holier than thou!!!! Why did the most recent women come forward after 2 years after the TV program?? M.o.n.e.y.  Honestly 66 is absurd.. however.. he said she said.. he's RICH NOW... give me a break!!! Women after 'Me too' have been vultures!!!! Telling ya
jeffrey epstein jr
Why is it hard to believe? Do you have 45 million? Every woman who ever touched him can make an accusation..... but all of you see him guilty until proven innocent....
Will you be running more or passing more ? You’ll have to ask my legal team. Football 2022 🤮
Dude, you don't know how many massage therapists you've been to? Okay.
Watson is just taking L after L. This is just unbelievable
Should have had his lawyer with him 😂 24 therapists that I don’t think know each other saying same thing, really.
Bill Cosby is alive, well, and playing QB in the nfl
Hard to believe unless your incredibly NAÏVE and not being totally honest.
Is that number acute? Immediately smirks.
Cleveland signed a predator to a staggering contract, they deserve the ramifications.
Be outraged about Robert Kraft if you are gonna be outraged by Watson. Too many of you “sports-talking head types” strategically choose when you are outraged. Be consistent.
I hate this for the women involved but i watched one woman say he exposed himself an stead of stopping she continued the massage an his gentials touched her several times why didnt she stop an say no we are done soon as he exposed himself she still could have sued him but i think that hurts the women that was maybe actually went through it im just saying an im not for what they said he had done i have a daughter an neices but if they are not filing criminal charges but lets say he loses lawsuit then what had transpired should be a crime i dont understand that but people probably be mad at me for this an im just saying if they cant file charges then why can they file for cival suits just like OJ he won his case but hot sued for wrongful death if he didnt do it proven by a jurror of ur peers then how can u be sued for the crime
A joke 👎🏈🇺🇸Go Brown's 🇺🇸 God's speed Baker 🇺🇸 Great Show 🇺🇸 Let's rock and roll Brown's team 👍🇺🇸🏈🏈🏈
Look what they did to PRESIDENT TRUMP!! Now tell me they can't do it to an NFL player!! Enough said!!
My gut tells me the nfl will eventually have to let this kid go. This is a real bad look for a fragile nfl.
I honestly feel like Cleveland felt they HAD to offer an insane contract in order to get a player of this caliber to choose to go there. Now - he could become persona non grata just like that. This could be a tragic fall story.
i pray the allegations against him are false, not for his sake but for the numerous women that may have been effected by this, but he doesn't need to be articulate to be innocent. he also doesnt need to work in the community to be innocent. and he doesn't need to prove anything to anyone other than a court of law.  soon as Rich stops defending the hegemonic system he profits from I'll take him seriously again. until then him, and his entire staff, can get fvcked.  im battling cte and working tirelessly in my community to help us all move forward together, and when one does that it immediately becomes clear who is truly an ally and who is not. Mr Eisen is unfortunately part of the latter.  segments like this show it
Why is this guy all in this man’s money? How about we dissect your contract Mr Eisen?
Opposing teams should just have their fans fling dildos at this dude
I still don’t understand how players can be paid without rendering any service. Doesn’t make any sense.
The Brown’s and Watson deserve each other. However, the Brown’s fans deserve better.
What a creep.   Watson is pure evil
A little judgemental are we? Say what you want. He has committed no crimes. Civil suits, all civil suits are the greatest miscarriage of justice in our judicial system. Civil attorneys are STILL nothing more than Ambulance chasers.
Hes clueless
The Browns and their fans are getting exactly what they deserve,...it's hilarious.
Sociopathic Watson +incompetent Cleveland= Worst combination since driving and blackout drinking. Edit: 5:28, Pulls his hoodie “I’ve never assaulted or disrespected any woman” does not beforehand do or repeat the action. My degree was Psychology, though I sold out and went corporate, that is a nervous tell and that’s one they teach in Freshman classes
Hey straight up might as well of said "It's hard to answer that question here without my lawyers next to me to hand feed me the appropriate answers to your questions"
U could be reading a lie Rich
If he's Innocent, there are $45 Million Reasons why he's being Accused. If he's Guilty, then he should be Punished to the Fullest. "The Males, Females, and Everyone across the world." At least he tried to be inclusive.  His Lawyers shouldn't be letting him answer questions of "ANY KIND".
It may be hard to believe him, but he has not been found guilty.
Hard to believe becuz he is black. The man being treated guilty yet they say innocent until proven smh
Lost all respect for rich eisin
Just another rich and powerful person doing anything and everything he wants to do and not think about anyone but himself
I am a Brady fan, but if the exact same circumstances surrounded Brady, I would say the same, he should be banned from the league.
Dude is a liar 🤥
Didn’t he already get a $40 million bonus? This won’t affect his money. Cleveland fucked up.
If he never wanted out of housing do we even hear about any of this stuff 🤔🤔🤔 I think not
Hey Rich... why don't you come down from your GD high horse, man?  You people want to praise all kinds of athletes that are single that are not in any kind of engaged/marital relationships that have all kinds of $exual relations with many women... yet here is a guy engaged in the same thing and you're, what, disgusted all because of (let's all say it together) "... 24 CIVIL LAWSUITS"... really?!  "Violent... if true, violent..."  You F-heads don't even wait for trial, due process, you just fcking castigate the guy in public and ruin him before anything even happens in the courts.  You ruin his life in the court of public opinion and don't care about the legal outcomes.  Have you dip$hits learned nothing from the Depp/Heard trial?  Things are not always what they claim to be.  Guess what?!  Women can lie!  Guess what else?!  One piece of $hit lawyer can get 24 women to lie together!!  I'm not saying they are, but WOW... you think your God and live in a glass house.  Keep throwing your stones, a$$e$.
Only the browns.
People People People!!!! This is not new. James Harden would do the same. Pay Instagram models to fly in to Houston and pay for everything.  Alot of young modern day women are looking for the bag as well Rich. But I do think alot of them came in blind. To start handing out NDAs means they had to know he was looking for more. But damn thats signs of a sexual fetish and he needs therapy. I really feel for those young women who really were hurt by his actions.
So Deshaun Watson signed a 5 year, $230,000,000 contract guaranteed with the Cleveland Browns, including a $44,965,000 signing bonus. Let say the NFL tell him to sit out 1 year and pay each plaintiff $500,000 x 68 = $34,000,000 damm he still gets to keep his contract and $10,000,000 of his signing bonus. Wow unreal😲
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the important thing is that Deshaun's contract ensures he will always have enough money to pay for massage therapy.
Not normal and certainly not respectable.  Sixty-six (66) in a seventeen month period... =... PREDATORY
Problem is that top notch historic organization that was the Browns, is now the Ravens, the expansion Browns are a mess.
He only had a massage once a week over that length of time.  That is normal. Gold diggers will dig.
What a pig
Can he prove to anyone that any of these women gave consent?
The browns completely ruined the QB Market. Wtf ....
Facepalm x a gazillion.
Watson is guilty that’s to many women 66 order 66.
Cancel culture can burn in their judgemental hell
I'm wondering what his off the field activities were like in college.
Wake up. Massage parlors are in every town and this is normal behavior at them. You are CLUELESS.
I was a Cleveland Fan, Get Baker back. Get Watson aht a here!
Has there ever been a worse contract in the history of sports? I can't think of any.
Disgusting 👎
Colin Kaepernick still doesn't have a job.
Why would any of these women lie....they would've had him as a big time client until he became a sexual weirdo...no one believes what Watson is saying. Not even browns fans or his teammates deep down.
If the QB thing don't work out, kid's got a future in politics.
Im a diehard browns fan...well i was. Love ya Baker
This is a embarrassment of the league now and the fact NFL has yet to determine a conclusion is baffling what the hell does goodell even do other than attend football games.
Cleveland Browns super bowl bound.
Deshaun obviously doesn't know what sexual assault means 🙄 smh
I’ve been saying this the entire time, but 2-3 games per accusation is more than reasonable. The NFL has handed out 4-6 games for other accusations. The MLB suspended a star player for 2 years.
This dude Watson needs to be suspended with pay until this situation is resolved
Hey Cleveland, have a good season !!🤡💩🤎🤡💩🤎 🤣🤣 Y'all will get a ring in the next 30..... 🤣🤣
The Browns organization should be fined millions by the league for creating a contract like this in this situation.
The Browns organization should be punished for purposely structuring a contract to avoid a suspension.
Why are non of the players refusing to play with him.. it will only take one to say it’s either him or me and if the browns choose Watson imagine how bad that will look
He’s innocent
You guys know if you were broke and you found a meal ticket. You would move a right nut to sue that man for profit. In this economy you know you need at least 150k right now.
I hate this Watson stuff ever happened but appreciate the Great Outdoors reference.
I've been a Browns fan for 35 years but I cannot defend this guy he looks and sounds guilty as hell!. The browns owners and front office are so beyond stupid it's unbelievable
Way to go Rich.  Due process?  Robert Kraft?  Dan Snyder?   Houston Texan's non-disclosure?  You failed journalism 101.
He will get DESTROYED in the civil depositions—-he cannot formulate a cogent, intelligent answer.
I used to like Rich a lot before Watson. We are hearing one side of the story and it’s supposed to be innocent until proven guilty.
Innocent until proven guilty
The dude did nothing wrong. These chicks need to take their 100K hush money and go away already.
Feels really good to be a jets fan!
this never happens to dudes working at Walmart. just sayin. lmao.
Rich u already have ur mind made up about the situation and that's fine bc it's ur opinion, but in ur eyes he's guilty, so just say it.
Damn I hope that the Browns front office can fit that huge L they just took in the lobby
Well, I certainly hope the Browns tank and that it all falls apart for them. Here in the UK fans would definitely be saying get him out of our club!! Defensive linemen should be out to break his legs
We all need to apologize to each other learn from this and be better
If y'all weren't sure why 31 NFL owners hate the Browns, now you know.
There is no way this player can be believed. Period. 1, maybe. 2? Well some benefit of the doubt. But 24 and probably more to come?   A snowball in hell has a better chance.
If he was white he would be in jail by now
Rich you have to remember that last time he spoke…people were furious with him professing innocence. I y would make him come off as conceited…
This could be a dagger for that franchise. Seriously
We literally don’t know anything about DHop’s PED situation and he got a 6 game suspension. We KNEW what the deal was with the deflated Brady footballs and he got 6 games. Y’all are telling me now that this isn’t an automatic season-long suspension???
He’s a rapist, let me settle with each girl for 1ML that’s only 66ML 🤷🏼‍♂️
Haslam.  Senile and has zero character
Maybe he will get s contract with the justice system.
NFL is looking worse every day that goes by and they do NOTHING. by doing nothing they are saying they think recreational drug use is less acceptable than sexual assault.
This is learned behavior that we raise our male culture.  Not everyone takes to the training.  Accountability and education are key to rehabilitation.
Rich sounds so disappointed he didn’t incriminate himself. These guys with these preformed opinions are like spokesman for the prosecution in the court of public opinion. For sure, Rich wouldn’t qualify for the jury pool. Sad considering you’re supposed to be presumed innocent.
Rich, you do know him.  However, this is a intimate part of someone that is almost impossible to really "know."
His only defense is that all 66 women were just waiting for the right opportunity to become secret prostitutes. Otherwise at least some were just hard working professional women. That were disrespected by him by ruining a great opportunity to increase their business as well as being treated as nothing more than a prostitute. And to top it off they have to make the decision to let him get away with disrespecting them or get wrapped up in this sorted mess and get compared to gold digging whore opportunist.
Finally, I still think Seattle is the best fit with the best weapons for him.
Apparently, there are varied definitions of force, assault, or harassment.  But, there is not.  "Crossing boundaries without permission in order to control or coerce another..."
Rich Eisen, you shouldn’t “Believe” anything. If you “Believe” something you truly dnt “KNOW”.
After the 24th accuser filed suit and the article about 66 women, I asked if Cleveland had some sort of "out clause" because Deshaun was OBVIOUSLY not forthcoming with all information.  He's OBVIOUSLY being deceitful...choosing his words far too carefully. I understand not discussing ongoing legal matters but that's to reporters, not the Browns. Now, I believe the Browns deserve to be stuck with the contract for OBVIOUSLY not doing their due diligence in investigating. The only people I feel sorry for are the victims, the rest of the Browns' players (unless they've supported him) and the fans (unless they've supported him)
So the Browns are enablers!
So a millionaire NFL starting QB can't get laid w/o hiring a prostitute/massage. Browns effed up
I feel bad for Browns fans. Their team continually has made more than their fair share of bad decisions over the years.  They have a playoff caliber team and then they sign Watson to a fully guaranteed $230 million contract knowing all of the allegations against him.  If Baker is traded to the Panthers which a deal is being finalized and Watson is suspended for the season, who is QB1?  A guy with a QB Rating of 78 last season in Brissett or do they bring in Jimmy G?  Sucks!
If he was WHITE he would have been thrown out out  the league, Trever Bauer got run out of BASEBALL after being found innocent. Black man can do no wrong.
Where is the due process for this guy?
2020 Browns* the belle of the ball 2022 Browns* 💣
I am not a Deshaun Watson fan and I think Cleveland made a huge mistake because he is way overrated, however I am curious if it is verifiable whether he even knows and had contact with all of these women. If he does know them and had contact with them then he was doing very questionable things, and probably should lose civilly and be suspended for a season and a half.
enough of Rich saying "the guy I met was great". you met for 2 minutes at a draft? How the hell would you be able to judge a man in that small amount of time. You're a dupe Rich.
A brotha with a body count that high is for sure respectable I'm my opinion. There not masseuses. There rub n tug girls from Instagram and only fans and them and bubzy are going after the bag and its obvious
Regardless if whatever he was doing is legal, he is a weirdo and everyone knows it lol…
He is guilty as can be. Browns in trouble.
Ask Dw4 how he thinks the women in his life feel about all this. Watch this bum squirm from that.
He's lying. 100% confirmation by his body  language. See....that's the thing...our body does things when we lie.
Rode hard and put away wet, "welcome to Cleveland"
Civil vs criminal
I'm going to laugh if this guaranteed contract backfires due to civil litigation. Imagine the victims getting all of that $200+ million...
What happens if he continues his nasty nasty  habits in the future?😳 probably nothing!
66 is an absurd number no doubt. Great job Rich! Watson has been coached to be very unemotional. If that me and I knew beyond the shadow of a doubt, I would be pissed and not afraid to show it. But when there are 66, his story doesn't compute Will Robinson.
I'll give him full points for one thing. The guy paid attention when his legal team told him to say nothing related to the details of the case.
He better get Him some of that Root Insurance !  Playing like that He needs it !
Judge people much Rich?
So is it 24 or 66 allegations against him? The point is how much are the plaintiffs asking for total? Because it’s all civil and one big check makes it all go away!  Remember, “Respect the legal process!” Whateves!
Rich eisen just say he’s guilty in your eyes and throw out the fact he went in front of 2 grand juries that’s what I think everyone is missing, if he found guilty so be it have all the opinions you want, it is abnormal to have met 66 masseuses but hey that’s  what he chose to do, and until he’s GUILTY in the court of law these people need to really speak as such
This Me Too movement is so toxic… if we thought girls making up fake stories every offseason for $ was bad in years past, it’s only going to get worse if we allow any of this to go further  Being famous these days must suck lol
So he hired alotta rub n tug girls what's the big deal
Guilty
At least Watson didn't say anything homophobic 🤡
While allegations are appalling and are baffling to hear, I think that most incredible thing is that during all this, the Cleveland Browns offered him a virtually completely guaranteed contract without seeing how this plays out. Its one, baffling as the team could be out nearly 45 mil for a player that may never touch the field due to his actions, but it is also appalling to think that the Browns may have just rewarded someone who may have committed serious actions that affect so many people. If he is cleared, I hope we can forgive him but it feels tough to believe that with the patterns that we are seeing in this case, that he is totally innocent.
And the Browns cut Johnny Manziel for being a naughty boy?
I do not believe any of these women they just want his money.  They are no more than piranha.
Rich you're the best that ESPN has. 👍👍
What a mess mess mess !
Tim Couch,Kelly Holcomb,Jeff Garcia, Luke Mccown, Trent Dilfer,Charlie Frye, Derek Anderson, Brady Quinn, ken Dorsey, Bruce Gradkowski,Colt McCoy, Jake Delhomme, Seneca Wallace,Brandon Weedon, Jason campbell, Brian Hoyer, Johnny football, Josh Mccown ,RG3, Deshone Keizer, Cody Kessler,Tyrod Taylor, Baker Mayfield.  The Browns quarterback hall of fame
If he is somehow innocent Rich owes DW an apology
Rich is the voice of reason. Keep fighting the good fight
Hypothetical media we have all been to massage parlor where they entice happy ending for bigger tips.  Stop it!!!!
3:58 he says he is "TRUTHFUL" but his head shakes no.. WATCH
The NFL is pathetic
One civil lawsuit got Big Ben and Zeek Elliot 6 game suspensions. By my calculations 24 civil lawsuits would be 144 games for Watson. Or around 8 years.  Seems fair to me.
66 masseuses, and every single one female.  Huh.
And Rich said PHIL had a fall from grace…
I just don't get why this is getting so much attention.
So disgraceful. Before all this he was a potential future HOF QB, now his legacy will be forever forged by his awful, vile and degenerate behavior. Such a shame.
Deshaun Watson is a disgrace. He is a predator. Sometimes I can understand if he had 1 case. Let's hear both sides and see what unfolds. 2 cases could be a coincidence. But 3+ cases thats a pattern. 24 cases is a pathological pattern of a serial rapist. And in my opinion, the only reason he hasn't been charged is because he has used his stature as an NFL player and the fame to come with it to put these women in a situation like this. It is implorable of the Browns organization, that had knowledge of the pending cases, to provide this man anymore money to fuel this addiction/ mental illness. NFL dragging their feet will only alienate more and more fans. Especially the female audience. As this message just says that they don't care about females in a world that has so many female activist out there. There needs to be accountability. Not indifference.
I believe Watson.
What a joke and a waste of time. The dude cant answer any of the same questions  lame reporters ask over and over. But maybe he should have a press conference every day and people will get bored with it. Hes praying for the next criminal NFL story to hurry up and come up
I CALLED THIS SHYT A YEAR AGO!!! WTF  🖕 ....NFL  35 year season ticket holder . PSL's 4-SALE
Cleveland is screwed.
Cleveland deserves what they're getting! Why not give Bill Cosby season tickets while you're at it.
Deny, deny and counter accuse.  I've heard that before
all i have to say is this man is not being charged for a crime and 2 grand jury wouldn't charge him. If he is found guilty in court for sexual assault or harassment in court civil or criminal he should go to jail. if Any of these women settle out of court then to me ..this was all about money!! if i got raped or sexual assaulted there is not enough money in the world that would bring me justice. i will wait until the end until i convict desean watson.
what i flush is more credible then dw.
I hope he keeps his hands off any of the Brown's trainers. He  is a predator.
Allegations =/= Evidence
Oh shut rich eisen, liberal schill
When he said "males and females" makes me wonder.....what I am not sure,
This whole situation is a disgrace. He gets the highest contract in the history  of the NFL and has 66 massage therapists. Colin Kaepernick takes a knee, stands up for social justice. Still waiting for a contract
It's not that easy to answer when it's not you
He should be blackballed from the league, if true
The Browns should permanently retire jersey number "6."
Even if it's 6 rather than 66, it suggests some sort of fetish.
This is some sick stuff, unless all these women are working together or hes garbage.
Big D got a rise for taking the 🐈 🐈 🐈
And yet DeShaun’Anon will scream respect the process while simultaneously calling the victims gold diggers.
So I guess the Browns is the Browns
About-to-be-ex Browns fan here. I hate that we are in this situation with this POS.  He should be in the wilderness right now; instead we have given him the keys to the kingdom. Unbelievable.
The Browns management sucks.
If Watson plays at all before all of these cases are settled or dropped I know multiple people including myself who will be done with the nfl.
Lol the Browns are top notch lmfao are you serious 🤣 😂 what a joke
If he was a Raider he be gone but he is a brown so he stays
Why is it different that he must answer the publics questions because he is a quarterback for an nfl team rich?
I just want to shout out all those reprobates that declared him innocent because he wasn’t criminally convicted.
I think what needs to be done is these woman need to be asked has any other client done something like tis to them before and what did they do about it? if they say no they are lying. I am not saying what he did was not wrong, it's just that if it were a normal man this would not be happening. They are going after his money.
I can only have 20 massages in a 12 month calendar..
I wanted to hear I only contacted these women for a massage nothing sexual.
How are you to tell a person how many masues he can have lol what is normal and who sets that standard and who has to live up to the next man's standards
Deshaun made a woman cry, left, apologized & said let's work again. He didn't ask her in person what was wrong or via text, he admitted this, those characteristics are 🚩enough.
The jew resonates through Rich with the oy vey not the good black man videos.
i stand with Watson
Browns are such a pathetic loser team...I mean all the way up to the owner to all the executives/managers/lawyers who run the team....just simply embarrassingly shameful
Rich telling us what DeSaun should have said is kinda funny cause I know for a fact if he did say it that way he would still get persecuted
Let him have his day in court…
What if he’s 100% innocent?? 100%???? I can point you to a YouTube channel that a woman talks about how she worked at SEVERAL parlors that is strictly set up for these types of trade offs. He’s NOT married and he has the right to sleep with 166 women if he wants too. I know 3 traveling massage therapist that gives happy endings. 🤷🏽‍♂️ I myself have had a few. We know this is a money grab from a guy who isn’t a thug or gangster so he’s an easy target. Smh
Baker Mayfield the ball after all
Steven Ross doesn’t look so shorty now does he? Didn’t sell his soul to this devil
Money grab... 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
I don't believe this man forced anybody to do anyting these women did it willingly and now they're in it for the money
Browns need to examine voiding the contract due to non disclosure by DW during the vetting process.  A well drafted contract will provide for this.  I hope the Browns had competent lawyers!
Indefinite suspension coming. He can apply for reinstatement after all the cases are resolved.
He’s been absolved of all criminal behavior.    What type of suspensions were incurred for players having civil suits?
What a joke 🤣🤣🤣
Lol, media doesn’t like it when a Midwest team becomes a super bowl contender…
Deshaun had some chances until his lawyer and he started talking. If your lawyer doesn't tell you to shut up and he/she talks only as much it needs, you need to change lawyer because you don't have good one.
I'm very disappointed in Deshaun. I was 1 of the people saying the Texans were trying to sabotage him but to MY IGNORANCE, THEY WERE HELPING HIM WITH THIS!🤦🏿🤦🏿🤦🏿
then don't believe it. Its this simple...the man had power and felt like he could get away with anything. He is not convincing because he speaks generically and doesn't disclose information for "legal" reasons. If you were not guilty and wanted your name cleared you would be mad that these charges are against you and would not worry about legal issues because there are no issues...you would be confident in saying you didnt do anything...not being shady and trying to dodge things and not filling in plot holes. Story doesn't add up and he doesn't give the physical evidence away that he is innocent.
at this point,  it would be a mercy shot, for the NFL to suspend him.
66 LAWSUIT TOTAL SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
Lets go Browns!!!
Witch hunt  Black man taking a white mans job
Where there’s smoke there’s fire..at the very least he is a pervert..not all 26 are lying..no way
I do not believe all these women, it's a money grab and someone has a vendetta out for this young man...everybody is not telling the truth..freak maybe but no
Watson wanted out of Houston along with Harden after "realizing" ownership stood with "right" in the summer of 2020. Not many people know the accusers lawyer and the owner of the Texans are neighbors which adds another layer to the story.
This blew up for the Browns in so many ways yikes…and all that money is guaranteed going to Watson. Could it get any worse?
Rumour is Deshaun thinks Cleveland's massage girls are the best.
Hear his response way back about being 'raised by women'. So absolutely no man in his life growing up? This may be a wild thought, but maybe being raised with no dad/man in his life severely warped him, and his mind, what he was doing to or with these woman is 'normal' behavior in his mind.
He mentioned everyone except the women in his list of people he is sorry were affected by this.  He thinks this is the women's fault.
Any man taking the girls side over allegations is bi*ch made. I fck with Rich but goddamn like if wasn’t a married man and had a racist owner of his show he’s acting like that can’t happen to him.
We must believe all women!!! Right??
Respectfully,  what ever happened to innocent until prove guilty..  no criminal charges against him.  I don't care how many  massages he had, he is single, not married and was clear of what he wanted.   Why did 66 people answer  him to  what the arrangement was for service.  Morally  he may be wrong, legally he is not and has a right to make a living...
I don’t think Watson has heard of sexual harassment panda It doesn’t have to be criminal or assault for u to lose everything. People who run multimillion and multibillion dollar industries have lost a ton due to sexual harassment claims. U are no different if these alleged incidents come out to be true. Idiot 😑
Hey Rich, for what it's worth: there are exactly ZERO dollars in that contract that are off-limits to his legal team, let alone to pay settlements of the civil suits. He might end up quite literally bankrupt even in spite of that contract!
This situation is proof that the Cleveland Browns are the worst run organization in all of the NFL.
DeShawn Watson is  claiming innocence.   What do you want him to say?  If he had settled when given the opportunity, individuals would then say "well, something must've happened!"  Unfortunately it has to play itself out.
66 different masseuses!?!? Stat that AWS!!
Rich is the only one talking about this every one else is dancing 🕺 around it including the NFL! Talent will cover a multitude of sin’s!  Karma is real ! This has to be a psychopath if he has to get off this way!
"With a fanbase that's one of the best in sports" Good lord, this is laughable.
He will never play another snap.
If he somehow plays this year, anyone who sacks him is going to get a standing ovation
Can’t believe the browns fans aren’t  speaking out about Deshaun. That desperate to win in Cleveland ? Really ?
The background behind Watson is absolutely hilarious root insurance
A sweater?   Mid June?
THE CLEVELAND BROWNS , BEND OVER AND GRAB YOUR ANKLES.......IT'S COMING IN HOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go Browns!
rich's glasses are always so smudged
66 is a math question, not a legal question.
I don't understand why Rich is assuming he is guilty. Women can't lie Rich? Let the legal system take its course Rich.
Browns fans actually can belive it.
He should be locked up tbh .............
Every one lies! Politicians, law enforcement, lawyers, plaintiffs, accusers, defendants, media and witnesses! Even the esteemed NYT has been caught lying and making mistakes with "facts" It's been "reported" that he "contacted" 66 masseuses.   How many did he actually hire and potentially assault? Are all 24-26 accusers required or willing to testify? Not saying that DW is innocent in any or all. Most people don't understand what a lot of IG models and masseuses actually do.
The browns owner and gm should be under as much criticism as Washington team owner.
The problem with going with the numbers is that they can just copy and paste from someone's else's story. Oh that "happened to her?" Well now that you mention it me too!
Great show. At some point is he banned from football?
This is a disgrace. Roger, anytime, dude.
Coddled kids of this generation don't even know what's wrong and what's right !!! The everyone gets a trophy era has done more harm than good !!!
I would like to thank the Miami Dolphins for suddenly believing in Tua
Browns=Dumbest team in the NFL
he did it.. guilty fosho
DeShaun "FINGER BUTT" Watson.  Looking like a joke.
The call them dumps, big massive dumps, dumps….
Is it illegal to have a massage?
The Browns organization does not care about women..... period...... well, maybe when it suits them
His agent should be a hostage negotiator !!
Thanks for shouting out the Dog Pound Rich. Tough times for the fan base
When the PROSECUTOR only presents to the grand jury selective evidence because he was paid $$$$ by the Texans to help sell the damaged goods ...which worked...I SEE DESHAWN NEVER TAKING ANOTHER SNAP AND THE NFL SUSPENDING THE TEXANS FOR ONE YEAR..FOR PAYING THE PROSECUTOR OFF DURING THE GRAND JURY
This is a civil trial. You guys are accusing someone without letting this process play itself out.
only his first two years are guarenteed. Learn the facts before you report
why not say he's guilty dude? stop being a p<$$y and say it you are in so many ways already. When civil discourse comes to full circle in this Country hacks like you pushing your left wing undertones and ideologies, push really meant to say shoving down our throats. It will be your downfall in your life 📉
an innocent person doesn't answer that way...
Witnesses? Where are they? He said she said.
Why should these women be believed over deshaun Watson!?🧐
Why would you regret if you hadn't done it? POS predator.
Dude innocent of any criminal charges IDC what anyone thinks GO BROWNS.
Cleveland clowns
He still gets the 200 million?? No matter what? 🧐
Honestly at first I thought it was a lil sketchy timing of the start of all this, but week by week he’s looked more and more guilty. No way you can tell me this dude is getting falsely accused by all these women.
That’s me. I can’t believe my team got themselves into this situation.  60+ years of fandom and I don’t know if I can take it anymore.
This guy hasn’t played a down for the Browns and there’s a circus at their facility ….. Browns shoulda signed Jimmy G….hahahaha
How did rich not go higher register when he referred to Cleveland as a top notch team?
So he is a young man who likes a little rub and tug. Society is snowflaking because he is a brutha. Me 2 is getting out of control and I'm a liberal person but it's getting out of hand.
Nice guys can do bad things. I believe Watson is a nice guy but there in no way to explain 66 different women. And for the Browns ownership to say they did their due diligence when they never talked to any of the women involved is just plain ridiculous.
This is just like the movie Draft Day where they trade away all their 1st and 2nd rounders for three years but the only thing they get in return is a $44 million salary cap penalty.
I for one will not be watching ANY Browns games as long as this person is their QB.
He's probably getting one right now
Anyone can write anything in a lawsuit. Look at amber herd. There's 31 different types of massages and of those some aren't regulated but the government
Innocent until proven guilty!!!!!
Isn't it weird when he was asked if he had any regrets he actually started to laugh when answering the question and still he personally didnt have a regret except yhat it affected his friends and family not him personally, thats just creepy as hell.....
66 during a covid pandemic
Can teams not find someone to play football. It’s easy to keep it in your pants, don’t pull it out
Probably one of if not the worst run sports team IN THE WORLD! I hope Baker Mayfield tells them to get f*caked when that perv gets suspended
Why don't you talk about the Texans aiding him in some of these Tris. Which makes them culpable. No, that would include getting some white people in trouble.
I assume Watson gave short answers because he was in a hurry to get to his next massage.
and whats all that Bahamas bullshit if you want go go and train why would you go to the Bahamas i wonder what he did there i mean it seems to be his favorite spot
What’s disrespectful is the NFL will instantly punish someone for things like drugs, PEDs, and gambling but they’ll let this mess drag out forever. These suits keep piling up, so how many does it take before the league says enough?
Is it a guarantee that he gets suspended for the entire 2022 season? Wonder when we will find out!
Deshaun Watson is the greatest PR man Baker Mayfield has ever had.
The world is round..    Texans trade up with the Browns to get Watson and he tears it up    Watson states his desire to be traded as allegations emerge, so who gives the bank to get him?...the Browns.     Didn't want him til he proved himself when he was valuable. But once he proved to be a diva and possibly a felon and then...HELL YEAH!
he saw at least 66 masseuses in 68 weeks so at least once a week and i mean he probably had multiple sessions with some of them or maybe many of them and all of them were female and many of them are accusing him .... he is making it really hard to like or have an ounce of trust into anything that comes out of his mouth
I regret ever having been a fan of Deshaun Watson.
LIES LIES LIES!!!!
He’s a fucking disgrace. So is every single person who works for the Cleveland Browns. A disgrace.
It's 66 different massuesses because it's about the strange
He’s innocent
Sup a 💩y dude
He’s so full of BS!!!
The most player friendly contract in the history of the NFL is CRAZY!!
Numbers or not, you weren't there, none of us were and this hasn't been adjudicated.  He can't say anything until they go to court.  There's millions of financial reasons for the women to lie!  But the media should not be playing judge jury and executioner for only one side.  Nothing will be solved by the media in this case and its just going to be attack Mr. Watson until the cases are all played out.  If you're going to do these types of rants it needs to be fair.  Question the accounts of the women, encourage all them to come to the public and make their accusation to the world like the first two did and not hide behind a curtain.  Ask them to present their blue dress and any evidence they have. He's been accused, he put himself in this situation but be fair in your judgement and criticism.  That takes a lot more courage than what you guys just did!
Well when your wearing a white hood with holes cut of it behind closed doors of course it would b hard to believe 😮
2:05 “ I called VILE. Cuz they are, if true. VILE.”
Man this whole Deshaun Watson situation just rubs me the wrong way. A real touchy subject to analyze.
I’m all about innocent until proven guilty, but I also believe in common sense. What’s more likely. More than 20 women made up these accusations which are all very similar and who Watson admitted to getting private massages from, so they could get “rich”, even though he hadn’t gotten his big contract yet, and there were plenty of other QBs who’ve made more money that didn’t have one accusation let alone more than 20? Or, Watson did it, he hired these women to give him massages naked wearing just a towel, and at some point he just removed the towel and said let’s take this a step further? I think it’s obvious which is more likely.
Need to be suspended for two years.
I don't remember this energy for Big Ben.....BE CONSISTENT, RE!
They Fine Mr Del Rio 100.00  so why they keep Watson practice all this time,they need to ban this  predator from playing Football.
What a Nasty Guy...he feels sorry for himself!
As horrible as a situation this is for all the multiple women involved and the overall integrity of the NFL as a whole, gotta love how shitty of a spot this puts the browns. Man may never play a snap and it costed them hundreds of millions of dollars and 5 years of first round draft picks. Browns will still be the browns for many years to come.
How many of the accusations are true?  No idea.  But with 24 accusations, the odds they are all false is pretty close to zero. Don't care how many massueses he contacted for appointments.  I'm interested in how many he actually SAW.  Sometimes appointments don't actually happen.
Just so slimy and disgusting from Watson, the Browns, Haslam...I will be hoping they lose forever now.
Time to stop giving him credit for what you thought  he was when you met him Rich and start accepting  the fact unless found otherwise  in the up coming cases it that he a degenerate at best.
Makes it easier for ravens
Rich who is equipped to answer these questions no one is. But you keep asking them knowing the answers. You cannot predetermine what or if or when let a court do that other wise let it go.
"Top notch teams" don't get themselves in this position. This is not something that blindsided them, which is why they were bidding against themselves for his services. Absolutely no other team was willing to offer close to $230mil fully guaranteed with all his baggage.
I hope ole Richy doesn't have any demons in his closet.
U lost me at “ a team that could go all the way”… was that a joke??
So his answer in the 1st presser caused people to be very upset. So y'all think he should continue to answer more questions and possibly upset more people... Wait people already upset with how he's answering now... Dude has to stop talking and let the court decide.
Of course there is more people coming out to accuse him.  They want the money.  No criminal proof = innocent in my eyes. Cops didn’t opt to charge him and neither did the grand jury.
the worst part of this that isnt getting nearly talked about enough ,is that is what if hes actually not lying and it turns out every woman lied to try and get the bag? that would permeantly scare away all victims of future sexual assault crimes to actually want to speak up and be a massive crushing blow
Here goes another anti male sports broadcaster. The Believe all women crew
I can’t wait to hear the reaction to when these women start to turn and talk about how this unfolded. Although I’m sure Buzbee has warned them they’ll lose big if they stab him in the back...
Word salad was a nice way to put it. Complete gibberish.
It's tough to believe it's even worse when your a black male. Well see when the facts come out and they will.
Respect to Rich for talking about the DW story.  But, why isn't espn?  Thought espn cared about "me too".  Guess not in DW's case.  Wonder why?
To answer the question of why should he be believed over his accusers should be easy to answer. How hard is it to say "because I am telling the truth and they are not." Yikes!
So you believe the women…but can’t believe Deshaun? Just because your lifestyle is different from his doesn’t matter. We are all different people. I love you Rich, but this sounds like what you are supposed to say for the media. I rather you not even discuss this matter.
The decision makers at the Browns are gross. They choose football over people.
Because of how his contract is structured the minimum suspension has to be 2 full seasons for him to have any financial loss really
Incredible how the browns and falcons ruined their relationships with their franchise qbs chasing this guy and he wont play for either
What an absolute mess the browns paid over 200 million dollars for………. 😮
but Kapernick lost his place in the league for kneeling??
Giving you nothing,  smart .
He’s getting a year minimum maybe more. It’s not just the allegations it’s 1. MLB setting a new precedent by suspending the guy 2 years for something similar and 2. The owners have made it clear to Goodell that they want the Haslams punished and to send a message to the rest of the league about that fully guaranteed contract.
DeSean should have just replied; "what's a woman?"  Welcome to 2022.
I don’t feel bad the browns will always be trash 😂
"Ask anybody what I did in the Houston community" ??? hahahaha... He didn't do anything in the Houston community other than play football for the pro football team
We all clowned Juju when he said "The Browns is the Browns" but I think he was onto something.
I would like this question asked. "How many orgasm did you have during massages". Answer - Ask my attorney?
NFL hasn’t suspended him yet because they know more is coming?
The guy is a creep and a sociopathic predator.  Does anyone think we've heard the last of this?? And, by the way, his contact is not "guaranteed" if he failed to disclose any and all potential liabilities.
46 million per year average…wouldn’t that be the best sports contract ever? Not just limited to the NFL
Innocent until proven guilty.
I can’t believe I used to think this guy was a good dude. Dabo said he was a great person and I took him at his word. This guy doesn’t deserve to play another down imo. Predators are predators
Only $1m is lost if he is suspended indefinitely?!? Amazing. His agent needs a raise. And a medal. Definitely deserves a book deal, or at least a viral TED Talk.
Browns should have done better due Dilligence.  Now they are stuck with a 1 man crime wave.  And good luck with that.    I suppose the Browns will try and play him.  Am sure all the women Browns fans will just love that.
DeShaun Watson messed up telling the side chick that he's the main chick. Then broke up with her don't call him no more cuz it's over cut the main chick want to get married
Out of those 24 women, *AT LEAST* one of them is telling the truth
Rich... couldn't say it better!
It's not for you to judge you are just another talking head !
No criminal charges...civil suits are money grab.. they only want money
The creep should be in jail
Well I don’t believe him.  There is not 24 women lying.
He spoke publicly, kind of, wish this was made an hour later lol
The Browns signed Watson knowing he already had a bunch of pending claims against him. Before doing that, they screwed Baker Mayfield. They deserve this. All of it.
Incredulous
The way Rich is talking, he wants him to pay these women. This man has upheld his innocent, while thus women token every interview they could and got paid to appear... if he settles, yall swear he was guilty. If he wins, yall would have to rake back every word bur find a way to make him guilty.
Rich seems like the type that ain’t ever got a lot off Pussy, like it’s unbelievable that this is a money grab
But running through 66 Randos in 17 months is fine 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Hey Rich, get real
News reporter: Bill did you have sexual relations with that woman? Bill clinton: it's really tough to answer that in this political climate I'd direct that to my attorneys I will say I'm sorry for how I've hurt everyone else in the world but that woman.
He’s not denying having a “happy ending” he’s denying that any of them were non consensual   Which could be true, might not, ion kno 🤷🏼‍♂️
Wondering if the woman were compensated by HBO or by the attorney to do the interview knowing it will bring more cases out of wood work...
Great take Rich. Though, in the massage industry using the term "masseuse" has certain connotations and the better term is "massage therapist".
“I never forced anyone, I never assaulted anyone.” What’s wrong with that?
What's the number? Right? What's the number when the Browns finally say enough is enough?
He looks like a bum what happened does ohio do that to you?
I wonder if the number of suits in any way represents the rate that assault victims of public figures are willing to go public. A third maybe? Perhaps 10 of them (Which is crazy i don't think i've had that manny masseuses in my LIFE) were either not assaulted or uk he actually was sore and actually needed a massage; perhaps the number is 50% willing to enter the public arena.
This is so awful and disrespectful of ALL women and girls - and men who are really MEN. THank you guys for not being misogynists!
It’s amazing how when Daniel was getting sexual assault claims they was calling those females money grabbers , boy the media coverage sure is different for. Black man 🤷🏾‍♂️
Just suspend him already.
Rich never has a single good thing to say about Cleveland
Whoa whoa whoa. Are you telling me everyone doesn't hire 66 different people to give a massage?!?!? WILD
This guy is not too smart.  He's trying to say he'a sorry the allegations are hurtful to the fanbase, but he can't even communicate this.  He is tough to believe, and unfortunately for him he comes across as guilty and worse indifferent.
Rich, why do you disregard the Houston Police Dept Female Detective who investigated and DID find criminal conduct but her statements and report never reached the Grand Jury!  I get an inkling that you have issues believing women.
i think he couldn't say the number is abusrd, but his body language and his shy smile told me thats what he thinks.
his contract may not stand when he is deceptive.
Watson said "While I Hurt Many People, I never hurt anyone!" Duh!!!!
I still wait to see how this goes. He still says he is not going to settle. If he was guilty settling would probably be a bigger option. He keeps saying he wants to clear his name and not settle. For me that says more than getting upset about the situation. He’s had a year plus to have this floating over his head, he’s been cleared twice in court already so he’s probably not as stressed. He also has probably been told not to be super emotional and show he’s upset about the situation because it might make him look bad. Yes it is a lot of allegations but there is more than that to the story. Let’s talk about the Texans getting him contact with the massage places and workers. And he has ongoing cases, he is instructed not to say much. I’m not saying he’s innocent but everyone is at his throat saying he’s guilty. 66/17 averages 1 a week. Yes 66 different people is a lot and is questionable. All these under 1 lawyer is fishy for me. Innocent until proven guilty in court, and I will hold that. If he is guilty he shouldn’t play a down ever again. But I will not say he’s guilty and I won’t say I don’t believe what he says. He’s remained consistent. I think he’s probably done some shady stuff, but no way with 26+. I also think the Texans need investigated because of their involvement
RE sounds like a female
If you're innocent what are you regretting or apologizing for? You should be outraged about false allegations.
This dude is baked chicken
The more I hear about this Deshaun Watson things, the more people try to explain or defend it, the more he speaks out...the lower I look down. Looking straight down. Enough of this. And talk about "Happy Endings?" I'm already done with my massage, got dressed and looking for my car.
All this comes out after he tells Houston “I’m not playing for you”.. Strange, why wasn’t he charged criminally?
Gobbly gook is how I'd address his answers
There should have been a room full of all female journalist. Let the questions fly and watch him squirm. Let him feel 1/1000000 as uncomfortable as his accusers. Watson is the best payed predator in all of sports. He should be able to handle a few questions. Just when you think the Browns can't sink any lower they decide to dig at rock bottom.
So these people got together at a masseuse convention and all decided to target this one guy.  Seems unlikely to me.
regardless of peoples feeling and falsely placed ideology the fact of the matter is regardless of 1 or 1000 accusations they are exactly that accusations and the legal process is there for a reason
There is now 26 lawsuits
Thanks for the post Rich. I always appreciate and respect your point of view.
Only Browns can have 2 QBs & playoff team but be worse off than  rebuilding Texans.
dude just order an escort
69 likes
I honestly think the owners want him out multiple years, and he has done literally nothing to help himself in the court of public opinion.
So he is still finding massages the same way since he did nothing wrong
Rich bro, they not massage therapists. They Instagram prostitutes. That’s why there is no indictment. You just slandering this man. Who cares of her buys hookers?? Oldest living profession dude
He's got 66 problems but a bi×ch is all of them 😂
Ask him if he’s still getting massages
As much as shows are talking about it, I don’t think the NFL world is consumed *enough* about the things Watson has done and the fact he has not yet been run out of the game.
Browns simply did not do their due diligence and yeah they did Baker dirty.  I hate to see bad people mark the NFL.  If there was true leadership at the helm of the NFL house would be cleaned.
Here's how I put it to my buddy: Someone accused of such things, you would imagine outrage and desperation. Disgust, compassion, high drama. A demonstrative outpouring of vehement denial. From Watson? Very puzzling response. Who responds that way? So casually? So cavalier? A GLARING red flag.
Welcome back Rich.
me first
