Like Once Upon a Time in America, a film to show off Robbie's contours, and that's about it. Nothing for mind or heart - just pure flatulence in pastels.
The humor is spot on.
The nadir of common sense. Equality definitely but honestly this was absolute rubbish.
Definitely deserving of the oscar nominations that it got.
Saw this film last night . All the way thru . I am a man , in my 60's . Did not get it , bored , dull . I have never played with Barbie dolls . I have moved on , as due to watch 'Warfare' later  .
Did not think it was all that…overhyped…
Progress towards gender equality should NOT be considered a zero sum game.  That's the fundamental flaw of this film. At the films end, the Ken's find themselves in the same predicament as women find in the (real) patriarchal world. This doesn't solve anything but promotes the idea that for happiness for a section of society, division and subjugation is a necessary evil.
Just watched this film... maybe its just me me, but any satire or humour completely passed me by. Just wasn't any fun to watch
Late to the party but I was a little bit disappointed it wasn't sillier - it worked though
It was a decent film I thought. Liked a lot of the jokes, and the performances were all good. Personally, it didn't live up to the hype for me. Only because it was being lauded so highly. It's smart in places, some of it feels like old Twitter clapbacks and kind of cliched. Feels like The Lego Movie in places too. 7/10 for me.
I'm sorry there were clever bits but no laughter.  The start was a   rip off of 2001
i feel so validated to hear you say that yes, Ryan was good in his role, but that Margot was exceptional. i thought his Ken was great & hilarious, but Margot's job at playing Barbie was just so nuanced, colorful, & emotionally captivating. it's a bummer she keeps getting overlooked, & now, with an Oscar nom for Ken. it's all kinda funny.
Loved Robbie and Gosling. Loved the songs, design, the quirkiness, the gags were fine. I'm wondering how well it will age though, as the film's messages are so on the nose. The plot is peripheral. I hope as people do become more equal we will look back on this with bemusement.
I thought that it had the subtly of an elephant.  Was it bad, no.  But I don't think it was that good.
Barbie is hideous.
Just watched it and sorry but WTF are you talking about???? Biggest load of absolute nonsense I've ever wasted my time on. Each to their own, but there's a serious amount of kool aid being drank on this one.
A good message and a good film are two different things. This film was terrible.
Just watched it with my partner (early 40’s). We both just don’t know what to make of the film. At times it feels like an in joke and a step too cute. Can some explain Alan fighting the builder’s/workmen?  We’re probably not the target audience, but it feels like it’s playing to its known audience. I can’t see how this film will change thinking let alone challenge it for the selection of our population that needs it.
Am I missing something? This film was a mess - all over the place, predictable dialogue,  not funny in the slightest. The scenes were all over the place.
Loving the Rutles t shirt ❤
Really clever and enjoyable flick. Manages to hit on lots of levels. Reminded me a bit of the lego movie.
I've just seen the film and was not sure what to expect, but it was the film of the year for me.  To make a Barbie movie that wasn't aimed at kids was quite the feat.
Loved this,  the colours the references the acting the dialogue.  Best thing I've seen in years 😊
Ken is an “appendix without an appendix “ 😂😂😂😂😂
The ending is revolting, but the film is really good fun.
Finally saw it and it's not great at all  but the soundtrack is good. It pretends the whole real world is against women. No  one laughed at all
I'm a grown man but i enjoyed it greatly. Thought Ryan Gosling and America Ferrera stole the movie. Good monologues from both of them and they individually carried parts of the film. I'm very impressed with how Greta Gerwig was able to adapt this for the big screen. Applause all around for the cast and crew.
Best last line ever.... Gotta give it that 🤣
I heard the whole political element and was wondering if it would affect my enjoyment. But I frankly had a great time!
I didnt like it... I had some fun - but the "too much on the nose" message ruined the movie for me.
Wonderful film.
It was watchable.
The Patriarchy is the reason Barbie exists at all and Ken was reluctant to go back to Barbie Land. Also bringing the horse back to Barbie Land is animal cruelty
It sounds awful but trailer looks OK
Go woke, make a billion bucks
The constant jokes that work in this movie is what carries it for even the biggest critic. The Photoshop joke will be a classic I think
I didn't like it, not in a piers Morgan way but  Im sure some of you will tell me thats because I have a penis and not because I thought the writing was poor or the acting was ,apart from the two leads, terrible. I am sure that part of my dislike  towards it is the never ending arguments I can see online. Supporting or attacking this film seem to have fallen along the lines of if you like it you're one of us or a militant feminist or if you don't you are a toxic man/republican. It also gets my back up that people seem to believe this is the first  movie ever made to show strong independent women or how bad men are. You show me Barbie I raise you Erin, mad max thelma and Louise. . At a time when the world is on the edge of a war with Russia  I am surprised the debates taking place are overwhelmingly about this movie and not our relationship with the bomb and the very possible reality that faces us all. For me overhyped and underwhelming. I did come out and say to my wife wow men are arseholes to which she said no way barbie is a """""""""". Im sure I missed the hidden undertones of the subtle script (again im just a ken in mans clothing).I have a feeling of the emperors new clothes with this one though.  If ya liked it good for you glad you did. not scraping my top 50 anytime soon. Sorry Barbie.
Another theme park movie. Scorsese must love this film.
I laughed my arse off. Great movie and the fact that it triggers right wingers double bonus
Loved it.  It's aiming for Lego Movie/Toy Story 2 greatness which is exactly right.  It doesn't quite reach Toy Story 2 perfection  but that doesn't mean it's not great.  I think it's effing hilarious from the start, runs out of steam for a little bit with Will Ferrell then picks up again  ["playing guitar at you" etc. in the last act is so funny]  Overall excellent
Robbie and Gosling are always good, but I thought it was a preachy mess.
As a women in her 40s, I sat there in the cinema thinking I am definitely not the target audience, this is very much for 12 to 28y girls and women.
I did not like it. Ryan is great... that's about it.
Saw it last night with a friend. Apart from some intelligent jokes it was visually painfully sickly.  My inner Wednesday Adams rioted agants the pink and wanted to set fire to the cinema.
I'd rather have a greta in we trust  t shirt than all the openhimer barbie mash up ones
Greta is a genius and this film is awesome first time I've been to cinema in a while not what i expected at all and i now i can't stop smiling at how smart and heartfelt it is
Jeez I think Kermode is giving this film too much credit. It explicably wears its heart on its sleeve and hardly subtextual in the way he’s implying. It’s fun, but runs out of steam.
Watched it in a packed theater. Very few chuckles or chortles to be heard. The film is a marvel in that it managed to bore and disappoint  every demographic except a few  progressive millennial women.
THIS MOVIE IS AWFUL PILE 💩 poor jokes really ?
Id love to know what young kids think about it so much of it must have gone over their heads
Saw it last night. The audience actually applauded afterwards. That doesn't happen very often!
It's very rare that I disagree with Mark, but this is one such occasion. I absolutely hated the film.
Bloody awful movie. Waste of both Robbie and Gosling.
Loved it, really clever movie 9/10
Damn wish I had a garage full of Barbie dolls
It's just about the most spiteful & confused film I've ever watched. The gaslighting fascists won, like 1984, with none of the intelligence or morality. It's a series of terrible messages for impressionable young girls. It's also now, unfortunately, the template for the next decade of film making as Hollywood chases it’s 'success'.
Cognitive dissonance the movie - weirdly hollow and cynical as a result. Very funny and well made though
The Matrix is another influence for this Barbie movie.
Well I disagree and I just don’t get it with Ryan Gosling - He makes amazing films like Drive, Bladerunner, beyond the pines etc and then utter pap like Barbie, LaLa Land, the notebook etc - it’s a head scratcher
I found it to be a fun romp and visually dazzling, but plotwise I found it logically incoherent.
The Barbie movie was really about Ken.
I think the movie has problems. Not everything worked for me. At the end of the day, lots of it was fun and the movie's a lot better than a Barbie movie had any right to be.
I thought this was going to be a fun movie. Turns out it's just a moody movie with lots of social commentary. Not an upbeat movie as you would associate Barbie with.🤐
Did anyone think Ryan Gosling looked a bit like Christolph Waltz!
Nasty men bashing film. Dreadful.
I would be interested to hear a review by a young woman of colour. This film seems to have re-established  the status quo- nothing more nothing less☹️
Totally agree with Mark's point about Margot Robbie nailing it. It's easy to point out how hilarious Ryan Gosling and Will Ferrell were but the movie works because you completely believe that Margot Robbie is Barbie. She deserves more praise than she's getting so far for this movie.
Just back from seeing it. One word, brilliant.
Interested to see this film. My concern is Barbie is a kids toy, so, logically this should be a movie for girls but it sounds like the film has been made for adults and their perception of the Barbie cult toy. Have adults appropriated Barbie culture for their entertainment, at the expense the core audience i.e.,  kids,? Are we parent splaining and being patriarcal to kids?
This is an open letter. I am a huge fan of your reviews, and remember you from the 90s. However, I'm hugely disappointed that you've ducked, sidestepped or avoided reviewing "The sound of Freedom", which you have undoubtedly seen. I hope you find the fortitude to rectify that whilst it remains relevant. As a big fan of your expansive knowledge and immense enthusiasm for film, I'm sure there are many more of your "fans" who'd appreciate an objective review. Preferably with Simon Mayo's subtle prompting and asides! I would be amazed if you hadn't already discussed this in private!  Regards,  K
i'm more and more convinced that Ryan Gosling is far more suited for comedy than drama or action. his performances never really "clicked" with me and I even found him very poker-faced but that was until I saw him in stuff like 'Crazy, Stupid, Love', 'Nice Guys' or 'Lars and the real girl' and found him much, MUCH more charismatic in those films.
Came for the review, stayed for Mark's shirt.
I found it to be a confused film in need of better editing. I also thought most of the jokes misfired and that the whole thing was rather tedious and even pretentious. Avoid it like the plague.
But s it better than the 1977 Barbie movie?!
Wow I see why this movie is killing it at the box office. Because the press are lying about how good it is.
Well...i dont know about anyone else...but the Japanese are much bigger fans of Barbie compared to Oppenheimer
Wow, Superstar (the Karen Carpenter film with Barbies) is available on Youtube! Check it out if you're at all interested, it's quite good. I was lucky enough to see it 20 years ago, and felt like I was the member of a super secret club because in those days it was Theaters Or Nothing, Pal.
People saying this film is anti men when the film very clearly establishes that patriarchy is the issue, not just men simply existing.
Just two Alan's chewing the fat.
Absolutely thrilled to hear my gut response during Barbie my mind went to Todd Haynes superstar short film as well
Killer last line led me to guffaw popcorn over the teenagers in the row in front..
Honestly it was funny but quite uninspiring plot wise. Quite a disappointment considering the level of marketing
I found it utterly dull. It felt like a corporate mandatory training video. I acknowledge the messages but there was no soul behind it. Too immature for adults and too adult for kids. Wasnt sure of the audience. Its no Lego movie
Was it a bit too long? The last half hour seemed to wander about without adding much except extra layers of confused shmaltz.
A Rutles t shirt!
Just came back from the cinema and the atmosphere was amazing. The movie really blew my expectations. It was really clever and I am happy to think that it will make the right kind of people angry. It takes the ridiculousness of the plastic-fantastic world to say a few truths about the world we live in. I personally loved it, even as it made fun of 2001 and The Godfather. By the way, I'm that Ken: "What? You haven't seen The Godfather?!!" Hilarious!!!
Outrageous movie. The most anti male film I’ve ever seen. Absolute shocker
I'm sorry... but this movie was horrendous.
No.
I felt it was good but kind of got lost in the sauce in the last 15 minutes. If anything i felt like it had so many themes and ideas that it couldn't quite sew up all of them, leaving some parts of the narrative underserved. Fun tho.
men are useless accessories, what a spiteful message to give to kids.
The film really didn’t deserve a 12A
The movie was even better than I expected it to be. And I had high expectations
Loving this comments section purely for the amount of blokes playing 'woke conspiracy' bingo. More entertaining than the review.
I wasted two hours today hoping for a life affirming good time but ended up walking out of this hateful unfunny film…  Movie Marketing delivered a brilliant PR BS sell. Not the film I was expecting and I don’t know who this film was made for?
Saw this today. It was hilarious! Kudos to Mattel for going ahead with a movie that just savages them.
All the kids at the screening looked bored but I loved it
Isn't this the plot from "The Lego Movie"....?. 🤔
No doll is life sustainable. They’re just toys.
Love 'Josey and the Pussy cats, and also Mark's Ruttles shirt
6/10. While fun for portions, clunky and disappointing.
Did you guys quit BBC?
Feminism re-writing history and saying men are vile dogshit. Great. Sexist misandristic garbage.
You totally missed the subversive subplot.
Greatest modern treatise about gender politics. Not woke, just true.
I haven't heard the review yet but am predicting unbounded joy. I want to take my family to see this.
Overall, this was just such a fabulous, fantastic cinematic event. I mean Barbie and Oppenheimer. As a fan of cinema, it was unbelievably cool to see the cinema packed with excitement for both films. Both different but both had incredible filmmakers at the helm. I ADORED both and had a wonderful day at the cinema with my friends. Breakfast, Barbie, the joy, emotion, laughs after then pints, food, the craic, then Oppenheimer, the pure dread, fear and sheer shock from it, then some drinks after and I just had such a wonderful day. But I just adored the mass culmination of so many people coming together to watch 2 spectacular films that weren't superhero shlock.
The people who recommended this as a kids film really need more criticism. This film has terribly sexist and skeptical messages for young girls (and boys).   Imagine a gender swapped version of this film and tell me everyone championing it would still be fine.
It sounds like it's an art house blockbuster which is exactly what I was hoping it would be.
#barbie
Love the pre fab four t shirt 😊
...with our arches lifted 😂
I saw it tonight and everyone was clapping and cheering. It was the most fun i`v had seeing a film in a long long time .
Oh for the days when barbie was just barbie
Always thought Calista Flockhart would be the perfect screen Barbie but Margot Robbie was excellent, and Ryan Gosling was perfect
One thing is for sure though. America in 2023 is not sexist towards women. This probably wasnt the case when Barbie was first thrust upon the world however.
I don't like Greta Gerwig's movies.
So this film won't be for typical teenage lads. Good.
From what I've read it seems that every man in the film is either an idiot, sinister or oppressive. Yawn.
I just came back from it and I loved it. I even dressed up as Greta Gerwig in a blue jumpsuit because I was too self-conscious to wear pink as many did (so yeah, the message of the film did hit me haha. And the P&P reference really called me out). This was also the first film I’ve seen since the pandemic and I’m glad I did. Weird to think it’s been over 3 years since I’ve been to the cinema.
It all sounds like a live action version of MAD Magazine!
I’m 52, and I’m going to see it on Sunday with my mate. With the world going to hell in a handcart, it’s EXACTLY the movie we need right now.
Nice Rutles t-shirt, Mr Kermode.
It's hard to tell how many of the commenters putting it down have actually seen it and how many are just being dismissive because youtube commenters are by nature terrified of feminism.
Now I am become Barbie, the destroyer of the patriarchy.
simps
Sexist propaganda. That’s all this movie is
Ryan Gosling has to be the hammiest actor out there right now.
oppenheimer disapproves this review
It's made by wankers for wankers
Really great video, i have really enjoyed it. I have made an interesting Barbie video that you might enjoy. If you are interested check it out.
One of many things that I love about Kermode as a reviewer is that he has a sense of humour. I've read a handful of po-faced reviews of Barbie this week and can't help but feel that they slightly missed the point
Oh how ive been waiting for this review
So, this is basically a remake of The Simpsons episode where Lisa learns that Malibu Stacey is outdated and makes a more acceptable doll with a message.
i already knew what would say. typical cultural progressive
I hear it’s got an anti Male storyline.
That's an incredibly cool shirt there Mark! I want one! (A living legend that will live long after lots of other living legends have died.)
Ngl, I thought this was really great. Funny as hell, well thought out script, great directing and production design. I kinda loved it. Saw it in a packed cinema and people were really into it!
This sounds like another "men bad" movie
Yeah. No thanks.
Men hate Barbie, but love  Robbie. Pink overkill makes me sick, enough pink in the 80s.
Cool t-shirt, Mark.
I loved it. I'm surprised you didn't mention the MAGA-satire and references to the storming of the capital and Proud BoyS which I thought was brilliant!
Really looking forward to this. Love Margot Robbie and Greta Gerwig is one of the best film makers working today.
Can’t agree with your review more! It was hilarious and I loved everything about it
Mark knows Barbie Swan Lake?
Kermode and Mayo brimming with Kenergy 😊
Snooze fest
I've yet to see it, but it has been enjoyable watching the usual suspects on youtube and twitter band together to claim offense while labelling the film "communist propaganda".
Big pass
Idc how much irony, humour and artistry there is, Im not gonna watch a 2 hour toy advert.
Ryan Gosling STEALS it. He was really good in it. His Ken was the more interesting character with a full arc.
I’m incredibly excited for  Barbenheimer tomorrow
I think a Barbie live action movie is a great idea for "kids", but surely the fact that this is the only Barbie film rated 12A because of things like the "MF word" being bleeped out, it's not a great example for young kids!  Barbie & the popstar is my recommendation!
"an appendage without an appendage"....Perfect.
SWEET SHIRT!
mark kermode dropping a barbie swan lake reference… as if i couldn’t love this man more.
This is the review I was waiting for. I'm really looking forward to this movie, and I have been ever since the Monolith trailer.
Respect for the Rutles t-shirt
Really looking forward to watching this. Super curious to see the interesting direction they may have taken it.
Barbie is a modern woman identity crisis, on steroids, this is about confirmation of your identity beyond superficialities , in the real real world.
This movie has been way too overpromoted
I'm honestly surprised he made no comparison to The Lego Movie, what with it being a film about a toy that by all rights should be cynical cash grab but in the right hands is not only fun but has things to say. I suppose he might have had it been animated.
i havent seen it, but in the current times a red pill refference is more likely Gretta dissing the mannosphere than it being a matrix reference directly.
Followed Greta Gerwig since her role in Arthur with Russell Brans. Bad film but I found her charming. So excited to see her doing so well behind the camera Little Women was pitch perfect and Lady Bird was also a triumph , can't wait to see this
“What’s he look like?”. “A little like Ralph Bellamy”
Never clicked on a video so fast. I’m incredibly excited for  Barbenheimer tomorrow!! 🎉😁
