The best part about watching this in 2025 is knowing the Cowboys did did nit change a damn thing in the offseason, and wound up a laughing stock 😂
A young hungry team that wanted it way more showed up to jerrys house and kicked their teeth in...that was such an amazing night
Dakaholics Anonymous 1-800-DEM-BOYZ...no more excuses or vacancies
Richard, you called it when you said that the cowboys would get worse this year on Undisputed 13 months ago.  Hats off!!
And yes I’m a die hard packers fan  Green and gold even when I’m dead and cold
“Way to prove me wrong” I said to myself from the beginning. You finna regret what you say.
Should’ve apologized to Jordan Love and the Packers with the same energy that you had when you were doubting them, which you were wilding.
Sherman,, your the man!  You know about football more than all the analyst put together.  You should be in the booth and get yours!
What baffles me is the excuses for Dak year after year.  Pundits say the Cowboys expect too much from Dak . Like maybe winning playoff games before earning top money. He'll Dak's gotten two head coaches,  an offensive coordinator fired  teammates leave because he gobbles up most of the money. Micah Parsons seems like he wants to leave after watching a clown show with Dak and Jerry. Dak said no hometown discounts.
Are you ecstatic sherm? Is the league ecstatic..about facing Jordan Love? How bout them Seahawks!!
"We're the #2 seed, but we play like we be smokin weed"
U know what Sherman green bay packers the NFL gave this game to the green bay packers they are a small market team Dallas lost it does not matter the Dallas area is the biggest market in the world
Its a Psychological thing, if the rooms not at exactly 72 degrees, Dak LOCKS UP mentally. Thats ALL on the coach. Tom Landrys teams, had killer instincts were smart and were TRAINED TO FOCUS , NOTHING< got them off " their game" , so a hot new Green Bay QB comes to down and scores first. You think a Landry team would've wet their pants??  THIS WHOLE CULTURE IN DALLAS HAS GONE ROTTEN. And Jerry Jones's office should have Dal/ FWorth  protesters outside with signs!!! But , on their Forum site all the members, are excepting this " run it back crap".........pathetic. Ive been a Cowboy fan SIXTY YEARS, Next year I'll follow CJ Stroud and The Texans. Had enough  of" snatching Defeat from the jaws of Victory" .
I hated the seahawks sooo much as packers fan. But damn it!! You were always a beast !! Legend!!!
Everyone tunes in if its about dallas .
They way everyone speaks on McCarthy getting fired can be the same for Kyle Shanahan.👀 I love Kyle and want him to stick around because outside of Harbaugh I don't see another coach that could do as well or better. But We been to the post season how many times AND a superbowl under Shanahan and drop the ball (sometimes literally) every time. Kyle don't win one this year with the roster he has right now, I wouldn't be shocked if his job was in jeopardy as well.
2 yrs, 40 million for Dak. If he doesn’t like it, leave.
Dallas is americas team:  If Dallas was America, and We were at war, Dallas Cowboys record is less successful than France. You are embarrassing both the United States AND France. #Embarrassed
Americas team, Dallas no way
3 decades of elite QB play in GB.  UNBELIEVABLE
After Dak choking in the playoffs... AGAIN, I'm sorry, even a 1 year 20 million dollar deal might be over-priced. Who cares if someone else will pay him more, not like they gonna beat you in the playoffs :P ... I'd even keep him in division just for that reason :P
Props to you and Rich Eisen for owning up to what you were saying at the beginning of the season. It seemed warranted at the time, so no fault to y'all and any other analyst, but more analysts and fans need to apologize to Gutey and Love for everything said since he was drafted. GPG
I’m here for the apology.
Didn’t Richard say no one fears the packers last week on twitter? 😂 you are a 🤡
Dak spoke way to much for NFL about the Jerry Jones pic. Also Dak was a little too multi racial in the past as he have Native American roots and the NFL was mad about the Redskins name while (Jordan) lighted Prescott out so he got more (Love) In the past. But now no one is racist anymore as it is spoke and read into existence.
i love this next tony romo
9:31 1I am tired of all the experts saying Dallas choked. They were beat by a younger faster looser  team. They play nickel and dime on so many plays worried about our young guns we line up in a two tight end set and run Jones straight at them. Ya can't stop Jones, ya can't stop Romeo, ya can't stop Musgrave. Ya can't stop wicks. We didn't even have to use kraft. Watson. Reed. Or Melton. Ya ll feel me THEY THROW TO ONE GUY. WE THROW TO 8.
"HERE WEEEE GOOOOOOO!, to the couch"  -Dak Prescott
“Love got his shot and he might be the worst starting quarterback in the NFL this season. He's certainly on a short list.”  Frank Schwab -  Yahoo sports Oct 2023 🤪🤪
So tired of hearing the overrated cowboys since week one and all their smack talk. Thank you Richard for taking up with the rest of the world and clarifying how to win in the NFL They are jinxing them self by talking about the playoff run and the division and the Super Bowl win. I’m so tired of hearing about Jimmy Johnson’s curse. Jerry Jones does not deal in the rational real world. He lives in that delusional fantasy world in Texas !!! Happy for those young football players on Green Bay’s team 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Love ❤️ those Packers 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Not at all what this guy said before the game , now its go pack go !
Great show Uncle sherm!
Richard "No Question" Sherman
The cowgirls should not move on from Dak, it's way to hard to find a decent QB.
Heck no idk like the cowboys and I love making my bro in law cry!!!
Sherm is pretty good at this broadcasting.  Niner hat is a bad look tho.
It's not Dallas. It's McCarthy....... I would know I'm a Packer fan.
even as a Packers fan, i have to give CeeDee Lamb and Micah Parsons their due credit, they are absolute Monsters on the field. they've been amazing all year.
You got cooked in the superbowl b
hey Richard, do you know if you're going to come back to the NFL and play for the 49ers next year for the 2024-2025 season? i think you've still got plenty of gas in the tank to play. Also, How Bout Them Packers? lol
You was the best cornerback in the league and im a Giants fan. Salute bro.
How do you see Niners vs Green Bay next weekend? I’m seeing a 33-20 win with garbage time points from GB and Purdy sitting a good chunk of the 4th.
I hope DAL keeps everyone, coaches and all. With that crew they’ll win 8-12 games every year due to the cupcake schedule and then inevitably choke in the playoffs. Packers schemed this game perfectly knowing how thin skinned the Cowboys players are
You better put some respect on Jordan Love!
Good on Richard for manning up on his pre-season Love take right off the bat.  Need more of that across the media spectrum.
Why does Sherman wear 49ers shit all the time .majority of his career was with the Seahawks he won a superbowl there but he reps the niners. I don’t get it when I think of the greatest moments of Sherman career it’s with the Seahawks I don’t even think of his time with the niners
Niner fan here . Cowboys loss brings me so much joy !! 😂
Shouldbeon a coaching staff.
Love your weigh ins Sherm!  Always knowledgeable and always entertaining.  Twas QUITE a game!
Big fan of you Sherm but bigger fan talking the truth.
Where is Skip?
I think Dan Quinn destroyed his shot at head coach with that horrendous game plan. He embarrassed himself imo.
still lamar is the mvp
Yeah they all go the coaches
Quin needs to go to😅
Pollard is not that guy😅
Here’s what happened with Dak, they gave him too complicated a game plan, and him and Lamb were totally out of sync. 2nd half they simplified and got throttled.
Trey Lance … “Never Ready”
Man take dam hat off .only wearin it cus of where they are right now. U a dam seahawk
Dallas threw the game.
Dak Prescott and his pretentious “Here we goooo!!!” Cadence was so annoying and he never changed the beat. Easy to time.
heres a lyric.... Here weeeee gooooo one and dooonnneeeee
How about "Wild Card & One"? Or what about "Green Bay rocked 'em like Green Day"?
I rather just rebuild from the bottom because Dak ain’t it.. That’s Romo 2.0
You are right, Richard. Keep up the good work.
go pack go
One and Done Cowboys Fans Never Havin Fun
Like always totally agree 💯 with you Sherman
Jerry Jones is the problem.
I predicted a blow out lol
There is a reason why they only have a one star rating
None & Done
I LOVE it...hahahhaha Dallas and Skip Bayless hahahaha
Cowboys crumble, took a tumble. Game plan was a spectacular fumble. First they stumble, then they crumble. Strut they stuff? No, now they look humble.  With apologies to my friend Flip, a big cowboys fan. ;-)
I wanna talk smack but we have Green Bay next.  Yeah, quit hyping Cowboys. It's been 30 years. Give the rock to Christian. He's rested.
Is Compton in the house ? I'm a tortured soul because I hate that he's right...
Bringing Bill but loosing ur d coordinator won't work
I’m calling on the NFL to issue a Cowboy Clause in their playoff policy: No matter what Dallas record is at the end of the regular season, they aren’t allowed in the playoffs because we all know they’re fucking terrible   279 points and SEVEN wins against dogshit teams.    Can’t beat solid team to save their lives.    Rams were 3-5 at the time, they didn’t get hot until mid November.  Eagles are good not great   Lions was a gift from the refs   🤡 pad their stats every year against garbage cans and then claim dak is MVP 😂
You thought the packers wouldn’t sniff a Super Bowl. LMAO
They was unrealistic expectations that  why
It's icing on the cake that Dallas HAS to pay these players like Dak, Parsons, and Lamb, even though they really are mediocre when it matters most.
The Packers aren't even that good, the Cowboys are just that bad
Dak Prescott.: ALL PRO  🤣
the PACK was backed into a corner and didn't want to be there..they proved the world wrong..this young team has me completely blown away..appreciate you back tracking on you're opinion of #10..Dallas needs to come back down to the planet and quit thinking they live in a bubble above everyone else
That booger tho!
Not enough people are talking about how Jordan Love had a perfect passer rating until a TE dropped a pass in garbage time. He played fantastic, but the game plan was executed perfectly. Matty is one of the best coaches in the NFL. No denying it now.
Dak is a BIG JOKE!!!!😂😂😂
That defense was a fraud and the biggest fraud of them all is Parsons. In the 2 biggest games of the year (49ers and playoff) he had a COMBINED 2 solo tackles, 1 QB hit, and ZERO sacks. Is it possible for a starting LB to be less relevant???
Thank you for the apology… sincerely, somebody who was waiting for this moment all year 🤣🤣🤣
I thought the Cowboys were going to win because they were at home. In fact, I only guessed one game right 🤷🏻‍♂️. The Niners key to winning it all is a balanced offense between run and pass - run first. And, stopping the run.
Surprised he not rockin a Seattle hat
You and this 49er love ain’t sitting right with me 😅😂😂😂
My favorite NFL Sherman moments: asking Tom Brady if he was mad bro, telling Skip Bayless he's better at life, finally, talking smack to Crabtree while Andrews facial expressions were priceless
Admitting your problem is half way to the cure....
Matt LaFleur deserves a ton of credit for getting the Packers relevant again
Dc4l
Al Harris needs to come home to green bay. I'm still not a big fan of Joe Barry. Either way GPG
The best decision GB made was taking 1st ball and making Dallas play catch up
I use to think it was the Romo curse! I’ve come to realize it’s the Jerry Jones curse!
It's clear, you need an offensive minded head coach.
It starts at the top , fire the GM
If I were Jerry I wouldn't pay Micah Parsons shit. I'd trade his ass because he's fools gold, and I was a fan of his and he played me.
i know skip was like you gotta be kidding me
Such joy watching that game. 😊
Thanks for your commentary Richard! Always enjoy your viewpoint regardless of my own opinion. As a Packer fan I am not anxious for next week. In as much as the Green and Gold has historically given Dallas fits in playoffs, San Fran has been that for us. All I know is that it will be an interesting game and, no matter the outcome, an unexpectedly great season for us.  BTW, hate the cap. If I send you a Packers lid would ya wear it??? 😉🤣
Sherm is blowing up!!
What’s with the hat? Is that your pick to win this year?
TELL EM SHERMAN
Now 49ers show cowboys how to play playoffs football against packers
Dak corrected his mistakes but wasn’t enough to carry the team the defense wasn’t there they all did no call no shows…
NOBODY EXPECTS The Spanish Inquisition!
Cowboys if you guys want to ever win, in the playoffs or win championship games, you guy's better get rid of Dak Prescott cause he's an ass, always chokes in the big games...
Wasn't this guy talking mad Sh!t about Love and the Packers early in the season... lol.. got'em to shut up
You was talking all that shit about Green Bay at the start of the season.
Let’s go Frat!! 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾 I’m subscribed!!
You picked and praised Dallas!!! Despicable
Shout to Sherman for evolving into such a good commentator.
Dallas cannot beat Kyle style offense
Jerry Jones needs to clean house….everyone must go
*hahaha at least he admitted he was wrong, JLO is him stop playing with him* 💚💛🔥
Dan Quinn choked again on his defense plan!!!!! Seem familiar
When the game started and the fans were cheering I could not stop laughing.  I thought to myself, “this is the most clueless, brain dead fan base ever.“  They cheer pointlessly every year thinking they’re actually gonna win!😂😂
Richard....It is so easy to beat my cowboys!!  Pressure and they fold!  Undisciplined, unprepared, “country club” mentality (This is a big problem), and always getting outcoached. Fold up like a cheap tent. They are SOFT (mentally and physically) and there is no defending that!  Top to bottom!!!  Dak Prescott is a great person but can’t handle the big lights. I will always root for him to succeed in life though. No real heart in a lot of these players on this team. Nothing to be proud of from a football perspective this season! Nothing!  I hope they don't pay any of them... I am tired of watching this season after season!!  I really don’t care what they do after another failing season!!  Don’t care to hear how we are going to learn from this and come back stronger next season!!  Any thing they say after is just empty words at this point.
How many years in a row before you accept reality?  Amazing that Dallas still has fans.  The most clueless sports fan base that ever existed.  Incredible.  I tune in just to watch them lose and laugh.  One of the best days of the entire sports year.
The 2 pick 6's killed us, especially when the defense didn't show up at all!
Overhyping players that are already good means you will have to pay those players more than you would if you were low key.
8th one and done since 96. I love it!!😂
Credit Sherman for admitting when he was wrong. Wish more analysts were like that and less skip bayless types.
Every time the cowboys lose, the American flag gets another stripe!  They had the 3rd easiest schedule, they beat like 2 teams over. 500. MVP? Best offense? Nah first round knockout, just cowboys doing cowboy things
Sherm you was my favorite character besides Ocho and cornerback besides Prime 💯
The Savage pick was in a cover 3 zone that I run in madden from time to time . The FS comes down and plays MLB as the play is snapped not pre snap
I don't think the egos of Belichick and Jones would mix very well
Shout out to green bay. Im still salty about that win they stole from my saints. We handed them the win. Now i feel like that was the saints game to win. But, great job Packers
Cowboys have no reason to hang their heads.  They are the second best team in Texas.
Put some rap lyrics on top of milli vanilli's 'blame it on the rain.'😂
Im subscribing cuz you put Skip in his place even tho I'm a Dallas fan I hate how he thinks he know everything Cowboys.   16 straight until a playoff game then chokes.....Dak needs to go as well as coaches....   fresh start.  Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result..... And guess what the same thing is? DAK PRESCOTT.....
They actually have weapons know Richard not jus Adams and a bunch stiffs
The ball don’t lie
It’s not the coach it’s dak
Ever since we beat the brakes off of the Cowboys,  they've folded like a house of cards.
the 1st half of the game was embarrassing for Dallas lol
Subbed lets go sherm !!!
If he picks the right co host I think he got something here
Hey Sherm...how about... "Wild Card n Packin' ".... for your next song🤠
Winning games is one thing but winning it ALL is another. Prescott wins regular season games but can’t win the BIG games.
UK Niners fan here, Dak does poorly every time he has real pressure. That can either be the pass rush or like last night history and expectation. I’d take Jimmy G over him and I was so glad when he went to the Raiders.
Love ya sherm
You chose Dallas sherm. You were wrong as usual. I'll never follow you. You're book smart not smart at picking the right team😂😂
packers are winning and rodgers is wearing his tin foil hat on tv playing the fool lol - i love it the cowgirls lose and rodgers reaping his karma lol lol lol
My Packers put on a MASTERCLASS performance on BOTH sides of the ball 💯🔥💪🏾💪🏾
Give dak $100m/year for 10 years he is the most talented Qb in the league! Sherman is bias, don’t have the balls to tell dak is awful 🤦🏻‍♂️
Love the podcast Sherm 👍🏼
They will go with Trey Lance or franchise tag, Dak Prescott.
You all realize that Richard talks very raw, no teleprompter needed..
Your comments are informed, accurate and articulate. Lots of BS these days regarding football but not from Sherman!  Thank you.
😂The 49ers better be careful, Love is cooking at the right time. He’s looks so comfortable and throwing off his back foot. I won’t be surprised if they win or this game is close.
love has a great arm, threw some dimes , as for cowboys their fans deserve this loss
That pick 6 Dak did and camera pans over to Jerry Jones, his veins were popping out all over his face and neck lol.
man that’s tough, i couldn’t imagine being a cowboys fan id never look at them the same again 🤣🤣
Cowboys were looking past the Packers, and preparing for the 49ers.  They took the Packers lightly..
Love's throwing motion is a clone of Rodger's.  The value of having Rodger's as an example has paid huge dividends for Love as he has quite a future in GB.
The Packers have fired McCarthy twice now😂
How about THEM COWBOYS!
Trae Lance has to be ready be know if he isnt it was a wasted signing.. He was with the 49ers for two years and has set on the bench for the cowboys for a year thats three he should be ready or ship him out.
Always said Jerry should have traded Dak. I mean, literally a no brainer. Dak hides behind his team: every single time. Not a leader. What can he get for Dak now, couple of mid tier picks?! At best...
Respect, dude for coming out the gate and admitting you were wrong.
Dak ain't working rich  id rather rebuild probably same results
Why aren't you talking about the Packers. The cowboys get their ass beat and you still talk about them. Talk about the team that one. Later
Those people can't stand up in the spotlight dak the coach number 11 can't blame c d lamb he can't throw the ball to himself  just a team that can beat bad teams
Did you see the defense. 😂😂😂. How would Quinn get the start ??
Jerry is so pissed he will hire Bellichick.....it's gonna be a big show...Go Eagles! Dallas Sucks!
Take all those cowboy stats down. GB IS HERE !!
Hell of a game by Jordan love and the packers!  But next week is a different monster . Good luck GB!  Bang bang niner gang! 💪
The Owner just needs to say well see... Stop trying to Predict a SB and throw everyone under the bus when you fall short. If you make the playoffs just take it one game at a time... SB winning teams rarely claim they will win before the first Playoff game. And Get a coach with a clue... Dallas has had a top 10 roster almost every year for the last 28 years and yet they fall short every year. Embarrassing. Jerry is the problem. No matter who comes in nobody will be able to make it work under Jerry...
Packers have more playoff victorys in there building!
As a lions fan it was so satisfying to see Dallas get whooped like that 💯
I told you in the off season well before it all started…  Dak is not the guy… he will never win us a championship EVER. He only plays well when we are ahead and there is no pressure.   He can’t perform when the team is struggling and or in the pressure of a playoff.
The irony of Dan Quinn potentially getting a HC job after just letting up 48 points in a playoff loss and McCarthy getting fired.
Lol, it's easy being an analyst, you have a 50/50 chance.
Dallas needs to add Running Back Depth Tony Pallard  only reach 1000 yards on a 17 game season. Dak is not the issue in Dallas as he is on his second coach and like 4th offensive player. The other thing is Dallas is super over hyped each year.
Dallas thought they had a free win 🤷‍♂️ no hunger at ALL. All you media dudes shat on Love and now he is BALLING. GO PACK GO
No one expected that blowout, but I did expect a Cowboys loss one way or another. Per the norm. That was an extra tasty beating. One for the books for Cowboys. Dak Prescott is a QB that wins the games during the season but sets the team up for stunning year end finishes “losses” in the big games he collapses.
First time sherm has talked since CeeDee shut him up week 3. Now all the crickets come out.
It is shameful to be a Cowboys fan. It is shocking how terrible this team can be in the biggest moments. This team is making me dislike football. They’re not worth watching anymore.
I didn’t think Dallas would lose that bad
"Dak is a good QB, but he needs all the pieces around him. He is just not the type of player who can put a team on his shoulders and will them to victory." - Jimmy Johnson
😂😂😂😂
One year....one year... we'll see the Cowboys take on the Dolphins in the Superbowl. A time when both teams' fan bases can rejoice
It goes to show that maybe if you have a chance to develop a QB you should do it. GREEN BAY might have done it twice in 30 years. Jordan Love should be in GB for a while.
I believe Love lost his perfect passer rating when they had to put him back in at the end to preserve the lead.
Subbed and liked King Of Defence.... keep it up n gd luck with your channel.
Pearson gonna be a niner sooner or later 😈
Dak is just Romo mark II, neither could produce it when it really mattered.
Micah Podcast for you. Stays in the shop putting in the work because he's done so much.
So, on the triple slant play when Dak eyes CeeDee lamb down, tries to force the ball to him only to get picked. That was on the coach?   Dak is such a fraud that’s protected because he’s the Cowboys QB. Even CeeDee knew Dak was about to be on his BS once they were down. That’s why he suddenly became visibly frustrated. He’s an average QB that folds under pressure. It’s sad to watch.
Dan quinn needs to be fired after that game plan.
0:32 damn, shout out to rich for admitting he was wrong! Definitely didn't expect that off the bat, always a good sign when you can admit you weren't right, especially when you know so much about the sport you're covering
Let Dak go!  Save money, reset karma!
Green bay Packers are Dallas Cowboys father
I’m just here for the cowboys hate
It all psychological.  The fear of failing and the fear of getting fired.  You said it yourself.  Is Jerry already telling McCarthy to pack his bags? That’s the problem.  What’s the common denominator for the past 25+ years? Jerry and the Dallas machine.   Strahan said it after the game.  He was spot on.
Go niners
RANDY JUDAH TORREZ ❤<>< *9ERS* Let's get it Let's go!!!🏆💪  1time 💯   2time 💯  3time 💯 LUV going to running for him life 😆 🤣 😂
The only people on planet Earth that were surprised by this outcome are cowboys fans. The rest of us knew.
Dak having 60 passing attempts is so ridiculous. Even though, Tony Pollard isn’t that great of a running back, they need to utilize that run game more. That offensive scheme is way too predictable.
Problem with Cowboys starts with Jerry Jones. Needs to step down.
Dallas, bring truckloads of money and buy Belichick and Brady for 1 year-
Dallas beat up on bad teams but couldn't play against  CHAMPIONSHIP Teams  padding there stats
The Big D in Dallas is short for Discombobulated Drama😂
As a life long Dallas Fan, this is all on Jerry, he could have made trades to improve the interior line. Gone for Henry to help the run game. Instead he folded once again.
Everyone knows Americas team is a fraud.  Congrats Cowgirls! Go 49ers…..
How does Dan Quinn get a coaching job. His defense sucks. Defense lost all the games for Dallas. They can't stop any team that runs.
Bill Belichick isn't going to fix Dallas unless he can talk Brady out of retirement because without him he's got a losing record.
bahahaha cant wait for the song
😂😂😂
Respect to the Packers
Shameful Day
Why does he have on a 49ers hat when he played 3 years there and 7 years in seattle
RS awesome player awesome podcast
well spoken sherm nice to see a fellow comptonite doing his thing
200k in 10 hrs🎉🎉
Dork Prescott throws the most beautiful pick six interceptions
You have to admire the Dallas CowGirls Swiss Cheese defense
The HUGEST disaster to ever hit the Dallas CowGirls is Jerry Jones
The Dallas CowGirls continue to prove that they are America's Losing Team
GB has the QB secret sauce.
NFL fans feel about the cowboys the way non sports fans feel about nfl fans.
You need to be this loose on Undisputed. 🔥
The problem is that they're horrible when they need to be great the playoffs aren't the regular season it's lose go home and cowboys fans act like it's the NBA best 4-7 it doesn't work that way in the NFL
This could be more about the rise of the Packers and Jordan Love than the fall of Dallas and Dak Prescott.
They need to begin by firing the Cowboys GM 😂
😂😂😂😂 hahaha  Skipper
You'd think 29 years of dissapointment would nake the fans finally get it. You'd think this embarrassment, the first #7 seed to win a playoff game, at home, would mean next season Cowboys fans wont get ahead of themselves and will be patient. Theyll wait and see. But they wont. Well be here next year after a good regular season, the Cowboys will lose in the first or second round and theyll be scratching their heads yet again.
Idc idc idc I choose rebuild pleaaaaaaaase I can take dak any longer I’ve been saying this since his first couple of years!!!
You know who YOU predicted to win, RIGHT?
Cowboys overrated 😴
They have to pay Parsons, Lamb, Diggs and Bland.. but they gave Dak way too much money to keep all of them. If they’re smart they’ll trade or cut Dak to keep everyone else… but smart isn’t exactly a good word to describe Jerry Jones.
You mad bro
So Richard Sherman, don’t fuck with Seattle at all?
Jerry Jones will never win another sb
If you given the title of America's team show up,no disrespect on them show up every year same ish don't feel for them if they didn't have the team would be something different
Belichick won't go to Dallas because he doesn't want to deal with Jerry Jones' bs.
THEY HANDLED BIZZNESS,  yes sir yes sir,  haha 😅 sit home n watch the rest yall will choke again next year
I think if Dallas fires McCarthy. They should bring in Bellichick and Bieniemy. Great offensive and defensive mind.
No hugs for diva, prima Donna team "America's team" - NOT! Poetic justice is served, all the media, pregame celebs, and the announcers calling the game wishing and encouraging the cowboysto turn it around while having very little positive things to say about GB - no sympathy that cowboys got embarrassed in front of everyone last night. 😅😅😅
Dak always chokes in the big moments. If one is going to demand such premium money you are expected not to be the reason you lost.
Today is a good day , Cowboys lost 🤡🙏
Prescott intentionally gave the game to Packers. He sickly enjoy seeing the owner miserable
McCarthy, Dak and Quinn all need to go.  Dak isn't a good quarterback when it comes to real pressure, difficult or important games.   Dallas is better off rebuilding and stinking for a while with Billichek leading the rebuild than perpetual first round playoff losses.  The Joneses have to at some point realize they aren't very good at running the team.  If it wasn't for the infamous Herschel Walker sucker trade, Dallas really would have done nothing under Jerry Jones.  The only thing iconic left about the Cowboys is their cheerleaders, if the NFL/Jerry got rid of them I think the Cowboys value would sink like a rock.
I just love when Cowboys lose in a big way. The result is false. Should be 30 points difference.
Sherman, I didn't like you when I was a Packer fan and you were with Seattle.  But, damn, you said it like it is, and not just today.  Thank you.
Enjoyed Richard's commentary on Dallas, all year long.😊
U better get skip and Michael lol
The packers have won more playoff games at AT&T stadium than the cowboys themselves...... What? How? 🤣🤣
cant keep dak after that performance, dont matter how much he wins in regular season , he wets the bed during playoffs
Dallas offense is all Lamb. If they don't get him going early, he checks out...
The only acceptable option at QB is a dawg. These "serviceable" QBs like Dak, Tua, Cousins can have the most elite rosters and will always disappoint.
This team seems to lack mental toughness. Obviously they weren’t prepared for the game. Dak killed them wih the turnovers once again. The Cowboys will not win until they hire a better breed of coach. Jerry loves his puppets.
Bro you couldn't wait like one day to start kicking us while we're down.  Thanks, Sherm.  :/
Complete BS smh SAD CLEAN HOUSE FOR SURE
You do Dak just like the Vikings do with Cousins Keep paying him
How does that crow taste?
Dak not a upper echelon qb. Dan Quinn’s defense was one of the worst showings for a 2 seed No pressure put on qb and at same time receivers, TE and rb were wide open like I’ve never seen.  McCarthy was on sideline looking like a fool.
5 rings and sherman got 1 why u talking
Until Jerry steps back and stays in his lane as an Owner, the Cowboys won’t change. I saw the same sloppy and undisciplined team under Jason Garrett and Wade Phillips so clearly it’s not all on the coaching.  Anyway, can’t wait for First Take in a few hours 😂
Good to see you Richard Sherman Winner SB XVIII. How I missed your rhetoric last time around "Run the Damn Ball"!!!! Best wishes for 2024 to you and the family.
Atleast we dont have to listen to media hyping up stupid teams..now we can all focus on the chiefs going on the road,that be fun to watch
All the games were trash except Rams/Lions.
Wow love this channel!  Give Skip the business today over the Cowboys loss.
Dak is trash
Cowboys won't win with Dak better off starting with a younger guy. Dak has shown on so many occasions now that he can't get over that hump he should be fired along with McCarthy
Good for Love! Had a great game! Great win gb!
😅😢😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅
This podcast ain’t it ….it ain’t raw like unk and Ocho
As Jordan Love takes a knee to beat the Cowboys he says, Here we go! Its a Short...
There's only one scenario where I'd like to see the Cowgirls win a Superbowl. Jerry lets BB come in, BB turns it around, wins one, then leaves because JJ can't leave it alone, and the Cowgirls go back to decades without winning. Can you imagine, how Skip would have to deal with that (and Mister Sherman and Mister Johnson) ...it would be worth having the Cowgirls win one just for that!   For now, we are just grateful the the Cowgirls united the rest of America and the world, in happiness and joy at their loss, even if we do feel bad for a few of their individual players.  The only remaining question, is which is greater, Trump or Cowgirl delusion syndrome? :D
100 ❤ 🎉
New here Sherman locked in going forward
JLove and The Packers passed right past the ala carte and ate from the entire menu.
Dak will be making about 60 million next year, and they have to pay Trey Lance and Micah Parsons who is not good against the run,  but they have so many superstars and they are not saddled by Brock's salary.
Geen Bay was kind enough to allowed Dallas to score at the end. I guess the coaches did not wanted to embarrassed more the Cowboys 48 - 16
Belichick is not going to coach under Jerry to much micromanaging
I'm not a Packers' fan but I'm very happy for Love.
But you called it out though.  You told skip that Jerry Jones put pressure on Mccarthy by making that comment about about his job being on the line if they didn't win that game
Who cares about DC 😂 go pack go
Jerry Jones does not have 'rebuild time' Mr Sherman but that maybe his only option.
From Dak the MVP candidate to Dak the choke master
Richard Sherman.  Super Bowl Champion. ❤
always enjoyed your segments on skip's show.
Great to see you are doing this bro! I e always been a fan just for what you are on n off the field fam. I pray you have a great and blessed year
Cowboys fans around the world only wish this game would've been on PEACOCK! The Cowboys have taken SUCK TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL!😂❤
haha, they are living fakers who needed to wake up! thank thank your Richard!
Cowboys aint gonna win a superbowl until the nfl removes the salary cap. Support the homeless and put that hat back in the trashcan where you got it from.
hire d quinn
And now... Shanahan begins his plan for slaying his protogeges
Dak PRESScott
Love the hat Sherm
Start Trey lance ! he’s been not ready for like four seasons now. When we’ll he be ready??. I say give him the go now.
This game shows exactly why the coach is so instrumental, in absolutely no way should green bay have gad a shot at this game. And the fact that cowboys thought they already had the W before kickoff... It makes a big difference
"The Dallas Cowboys are like my old girlfriend. She looks good, but I don't trust her!"  - Shannon Sharpe 😂
Respect you for admitting your bad take
Can somebody PLEASE send Love a turkey leg??  Fox dissing the black guy on Thanksgiving has unleashed the beast!!  Only a white DC could give up that many points a be a hot HC candidate!!
Dan Quinn did not make a good impression tonight or to be honest during this season, Dallas defense looked good against downed teams.
Aye ain’t you a Seahawk bro? Nice hat🤡 #RavensNation😈
Congrats GB.  See you next week.   BWAHAHAHAHA!
GO PACK GO 🧀🧀🧀
I love your new podcast Richard flawless...
As a cowboys fan that game officially made me numb to this team. On another note, Jordan Love is naturally a really good QB. The passes he completed yesterday were seriously impressive.
Dak is 2-5 in the only games that matter........ Maybe they should start paying QBs in the IMPORTANT W/L record.
How you feel about about Daron Bland to Seattle if they don't pay him
Look another Pozer!!!!! Look how he puts on the 49ers hat!!!! 😂😅😂😅😂😅 just wear the Packer's Hat!!! 😂😅😂😅
Richard, you got sumfin in your nose bro. Go Pack.
I didn't know love was like that
The only three things guaranteed in this world…..love, war & the cowboys choking in the playoffs.
Dak has as many playoff wins as Purdy and Purdy has only played 2 full playoff games.
Dak is not good under pressure they will never win in the playoffs with him at quarterback
The Texans with a rookie QB advanced further than the cowgirls 💀💀💀
love how sherm was in seattle way longer but he stay reppin frisco
I am a lifetime Niners fan, so I’m fine with Richard Sherman wearing our hat but seriously, shouldn’t he be wearing a Seahawks hat?
30 years without a super bowl nearly, is unacceptable for the nations most supported team. culturally they just dont seem set up to handle play off pressure, something has to chan ge.
Max money for Parsons for 1 pressure ?
I love watching this happened to Jerry Jones every year 😂.
The cowboys do this every year. However this year was worst because they didn’t even show up on either side of the ball until the middle of the 3rd quarter. It was to late.
Yo them boys got destroyed and i was loving it😂
I’m not sure I can trust Dan either he was the D.C and got 45 put on his defense, ima just trust my gut and go buy me a Baltimore jersey now #8 got his money and just look how he plays after he gets paid 😂
Hey Sherm…look good with your wardrobe…somebody let you down with the with the left nostril…I fully get it and I would never let you down…I’m from Detroit and I love and I mean I love the 9ers…got pics when I was 10 years ago of to prove…keep talking that truth my boy💯💪🏾
Call them the “Dallas Criers Club”
Please God richard.. NEVER RAP AGAIN! It was painful!! :)
Dak is gone. Can never win a Superbowl with him
How bout them cowboys! 🎉
2-7 is the worst Texas Holdem hand. Cowboys folded.
Brady toasted DQ defence twice in Superbowls 4th quarters, his D toasted again today.  Maybe Seattle shouldn't get him
Skip is almost as bad as Nick Wrong.
The like button is pointing down ..WTF!
Im not even a Seattle fan but it always seems weird to me to see Sherman in anything other than Seahawks gear.
The cowboys are the most overrated team! Go ahead! Lol
Al Harris is the defensive coordinator for the Green Bay Packers next year he's in the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame.
Sherm was right again. Sorry SKIP, Big "D" is no D! One of the best games for any NFL team this year. To go into Dallas and beat them in Texas stadium where they are rarely defeated was a big deal for Green Bay and Love is stellar! Dallas is done... $35 million for Parsons, $35 million for Lamb, $150 million for Dak!
I’m suprised , Remembering all the trash talk you used to do it’s actually surprising to hear these kind of takes from you😂 I was ready to be mad .
Dallas sucks. Fly 🦅 Eagles 🦅 Fly.
For me the NFL SuperBowl already happened.  That was the Cowboys losing!
Richard can you explain why Dak is the mvp in that game over Jordan love because Dak had the better stats?
Stop Sherman just stop and actually be honest about Dak for once. He can't beat a good team and Dak is horrible in the postseason. All those wins are garbage wins with garbage stats and records.
May you & keyshawn have no mercy on skip & the playmaker on undisputed this week richard!!
Bill is going to take over and start playing Lance lol. Dak is toast
8-0 at home during the season  and reality set in “ just be patient, what can go wrong will go wrong in my Stephen  A voice”  😂
49ers fans love you sherm ❤️💛
To keep 💯, cowboys losing is nothing new. Now them Lions game. Lost my voice cheering for Detroit, and I live in LA. Hate the rams
I didn't know Kirk Cousins plays on the Cowboys
Congrats on going independent, interesting choice in hats lol no legion of boom?!
Dallas let go of Ewok but kept Chewbacca,that why they still losing haha
AND Jerry Jones ego won’t let Coach B have full control of the team!!
Respect. Appreciate your opening remarks and giving credit where it's due! 🧀#GOPACKGO
I'm not a Cowboys or Packers fan. But wow. You like to think that any team has a chance to win a playoff game, so I thought the Packers could have a shot. But really surprised how it went down.
Is it safe to say that Dallas looked right past GB. I love seeing Jerry Jones lose.
Love your show Richard. Keep bringing it. GO 9ers.
I wish we helped get you another chip
Nah. It’s same old packers. Another elite QB. Another W over the cowboys in Jeffy world.
Rich they got dog walked cowboys are one dimensional you can't win a 3 man show Dak/ lamb/ Parsons it's a team game not 3 Stars that played garbage teams all year. One and done. Go Green Bay. 😊
Dallas = Propaganda
I’m keep dak & Mike , but I’ll let go Quinn. The defensive performance was pathetic at least dak & offense showed fight second half but it didn’t matter cuz we couldn’t stop a nose bleed
Richard…. Let skip have it.. 😉
dan Quinn did not do himself any favors.
Dak ain't worth 40mil. Always choked on Big games.
I hate Richard Sherman is mad weird 😂😂
Go Sherm!
Richard please don't wear the SF hat. You're a Seahawk for life.
Mothers don't Letcher babies grow up to be Cowboys 😅
COWBOYS GETTING BOUNCED OUT FIRST ROUND SHOULD BE A NATIONAL HOLIDAY
Maybe now the Cowboys will hire a African American Coach and break their curse... Maybe not lol🔆💯😳😅 smh 1:39
Do you think the packers will be the 49niners
Dak is over-rated. He needs to go. He better take a pay cut or trade him for 2nd round picks.  Dallas basically got a black Tony Romo. Yes, I said it. Dak is another Romo - great seasonal games but play off duds.
As a niners fan I figured this would happen lol because every time the cowboys enter the playoffs dak prescott always chokes and he's an int machine in big games. It was a blowout game by greenbay and I'm scared for next saturday night against greenbay but I hope it's a good divisional game and I do hope the niners bring their a game because they will need it against the packers next saturday night. The lions won by one point tonight and I'm happy for them and now the Lions are advancing to the next round and so are the Texans, Chiefs, and the Packers. Good show tonight Richard and good analysis as always and have a good week.
I could see Dallas bulking up in defense the next years to come, and they ain't gonna pay a qb as much as they are in dak Prescott. I think they will get draft qb and work the money around in weapons o line and defense but actually just start developing trey lance
You picked the packers to lose on undisputed , you really thought our defense was sweet… Dallas trash..
Skippy still gonna be crying at work tomorrow 🤣🤣🤣
Pretty awesome I didn't know you had a podcast I just randomly found it on YouTube. Please advertising more even on the undisputed show advertise it you have some more followers
Another disappointing loss. Can’t even get it done at home. McCarthy is done. Jump off the Dak bus already. How many years of regular season success and inflated stats? What makes your worth is playoffs wins and Super Bowl ring! Dak didn’t and will never take the Cowboys there! Be real! Look in the mirror he’s the common denominator!
Wow man this feel like a dream #DC4L
If you pay Dak I’m done with this team period. So tired of this franchise at this point.
I love watching Cowboys lose so much. It's one of my favorite joys in life. Especially as a #2 seed losing in historic manor to a #7 seed in the first round! Cheers everyone!
Take a huge step back period Dak is garbage take the step back and lose the games f that bs extending his ass
I’m glad you’re not afraid to eat your words unlike some sports casters and host
thank you Green Bay for the W bet on y'all to win & y'all annihilated them in Jerry World 😂😂😂
Cowbells wanted too see the NINERS 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂oooook
Cowboys fans weren’t paying attention bc they were supposed to lose to the Lions at home, but we know what happened!!! Packers came there to play!
It’s Dallas they been chokers in the playoffs the last twenty years I think Jimmy Johnson put the hex on Jerry when he got fired
They will never be in the sb with Dak
Cowboys doing Cowboys things.   That made me so happy.
Jerry does want a an actual coach
Cowboys. 29 seasons since their last Super Bowl. Make the playoffs in like 14 of them. FIVE wins in the Wild Card round. ZERO wins in the Divisional round. ZERO Conference appearances.   Bet against the Cowboys in the playoffs. Overhyped.
"Nobody will fear you" - Richard Sherman
Dam Sherm is having fun right now but wait until he gets Skip 😂😂😂😂
The Cowboys are the Disaster Artists of the NFL.
Old fool Jones said on his interview he understands it starts with him and he’s responsible. A lot of words that will mean nothing because he still won’t change anything.
Man.... Karma is a MOFO, ain't it?!?! Dallas thought they were doing something when they were given that Detroit game! Now Detroit is moving on, and the Cowgirls are going home. GOTTA LOVE IT!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂
San Fran owns the fudge Packers.  Next week will be fun.
Hehehehe..”lay an egg”….you should bring an egg to Skip tommorrow 😅
🤦🏾‍♂️The Cowboys did NOT collapse... They just simply got their A$$ KICKED.
scary thing with the packers O is any player can make a play at any point. every play there is 5 guys who can catch a pass and 3-4 who can run the ball. then you have MLF scheming things up and Love throwing off his back foot with pressure in his face to an open spot before the receiver even made his break.
D's a one pump chump and dump a load Gettin Packed up as Weezy laughs out loud Dak throws pics as Jerry tears his hair out while If Bayless trashin' jerseys, "Dak, get the F out".
Micah is like Atlantis in the playoffs. Great story throughout but can’t find him.🤣 dude has zero sacks against the niners the past two years in the playoffs and he didn’t do nothing today.
I wouldn’t give Dak shit 💩
Man youre a fucking multi millon dollar, hall of fame football player. You have all the money AND contacts to start a successful pod cast. Fix your sound for fuck sake. This is the audio of a 13 year old kid running a Roblox stream. Youre better then this.
They will never Win wirh  Deprescott... 😂
have to stop the run and have to get pressure.
Tray lance not ready? What is he like 15?
I'm a cowboys fan. Mr Sherman I want you to go   scorch earth on Skip, Micheal,  Coaching staff, and especially Dak Prescott. He's trash.
Sherman take our 49ers hat off you played garbage time with us no true 49ers fan see you as  a S.F..put that Seahawks shit on stop it..
Niners are next MVP Lamar Jackson winning it all
Dont worry cowboys fans as soon as the super bowl end you can officially say all over again but you know we gonna win the superbowl next year right and the cycle can begin all over again.
Dak is trash
Yo Richard... No excuses for Dallas, they sucked! But will you admit that you are a Cowboys hater, lol. Time to Fire HC and let DQ Go, bye! Dak, Bye....
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, and every season Jerry Jones goes out and makes another violin playing sad speech. LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"Packers fans get used to mediocrity!!"          --Richard Sherman this offseason (after the front office chose Love over Rodgers).  Sherman has always had a big mouth, but one would think that a Stanford education taught little Dickey how to think before he speaks. Ironic because Green Bay is the real "Americas Team": small working class town is home to the winningest football franchise in NFL history; oh yeah and the people of Green Bay own the team--not some egotistical, dubious billionaire owner.
Still that's Mr Anderson statement aaaasaahhhhhhh ❤😅😮
Love how he reps SF!   New subscriber!
If. I am the GM…….no way do I pay Dak……Blow it up and pick up draft picks…….
Still remember I am a lawyer 😂
I haven’t watched the NFL since I found my box of Jill Kelly tapes in the garage.  I always assumed my ex girlfriend burned them.
Still I ll die before I accept anything else completely dismissed or I die
NFL is trying hard to make it seem relevant ~ 😂
Cowboys got to comfortable playing at home their new name is one and done
Still innocent 😇🤧
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, and every season Jerry Jones goes out and makes another violin playing sad speech. LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Still I know your volatile my civil rights please proof here
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, and every season Jerry Jones goes out and makes another violin playing sad speech. LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, and every season Jerry Jones goes out and makes another violin playing sad speech. LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Still asking Elyria Ohio procutor to jump 📴
Still not afraid to die 🎲😂😮
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, and every season Jerry Jones goes out and makes another sad, violin playing speech. LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Sherm was the biggest love hater so funny seeing him realize love is a guy
Still Kevin wilds laughing 🤣😀
Still 👎☢️😘 Dana white and Hunter Campbell n Javier Mendez tstepio Mino hates veterans and there son because we Ask for help they say no
As a 49ers fan here, the Cowboys are no longer Americas Team as the worst team in the NFC East and choke YEARLY. 49ers will now celebrate as the Rams choke as well too against his former team Jared Goff and Lions on the road.
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I truly don't get why people act all shocked and surprised when the Cowgirls do the same exact thing they do EVERY SINGLE YEAR. You shouldn't expect people to be anything other than who they are, and Dallas and especially Prescott are simply good REGULAR SEASON players and a team who DON'T SHOW UP and CAN'T HANDLE the big moments. I'm a man who doesn't make excuses for people and for things that have been staring me and the entire world in the face for the past 30 seasons. Yet, people expect something different from them every season, LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Still u c my son Sergeant 68 whiskey is a law enforcement of this state he was attacked by criminal with Aides and blood transfer
An Egg was laid for sure.  Sherman is the man!
Still ask Elizabeth Warren to get Joe manchine for the help u need they hate me Will not help my son or me
U PICKED THE COWBOYS TO WIN
I still think last year's SF playoff lost was the greatest.. the ending was epically bad!!
Still ask Mike pence can he help u win?
Richard Sherman...you are a rising star with a "voice" and mind that will be around as long as you care to work. Go Lions!
Still ur had help but now?
🤔Well I guess the whole of Cowboys team did not play with the same intensity as the regular season games.  You would think that when you make the post season you would match the intensity of the regular season,ya think?😎
Still can u eat president Trump,
You need to get that aggression out on these videos…you know you have it in you….
Still ur God's hELPER 2
Skip bayless was already saying nfc championship
Still asking president Biden to help them please 🥺❤😅
Please Google's headquarters go disbanded your self that's ur new duty
Excellent commentary...
Man Take That 🧢 off👊🏽Go Pack Go🤙🏽✌🏽
So wanted the niners to do this vs the cowboys in the championship game.  That said niners vs. Packers..... playoffs  Happy with that as well
Still I have a purple 🟣 u think about that . What does it mean
Have you not watched the cowboys alway be good in the regular season then choke in the playoffs ? I’m 51. I have. Nothing new. No shock. Plus you have aQB that sat behind Rodgers.
love to watch you eating your words man, you was talikin some crazy shit about my guys 🧀
Still out on Bond still HV ne lawyer and help no one
Definitely what they get for screwing over the Lions
Still I thanks MMA for letting enjoy everything misses big John wife and ur team 💪💖😘 weigh in Pod cast MMA 😯❤ facts unless Josh Tommy boy speaker
I love your takes! Complete honesty! Go 9ers!
hell yeah i am subbing. huge fan of sherman even tho he always played like a beast in big games vs my pack
Still sad for Misses Skip BAYLESS and family members
Still I crying 4 Jerry Jones n family n fans I sad for them
Still ask Timmy . this Way that's away from the heat Way n R n R to legends from heat
Lmao 😂 WAS THERE EVER ANY DOUBT 🤷🏼‍♂️⁉️❓️
Richard can i borrow some money?
Jerry,  send Bill and Jim a blank check, and whoever asks for the most give them the job
I envy this man for his smarts! I pray the 49ers get him on out coaching squad to help our team
This gonna be great 😂
Congrats to the Packers! What fantastic performances by Jordan Love and Aaron Jones! The Cowboys once again live up to expectations... of disappointment.
Still hire Zo 2
Still Warren Ohio lv u brother ur professional and I know your choice great job Mike ⭐ n Shachel lv u 2
Please check your nose 😅😅😂😂
Still Keven and company bad as.
Playoff Dak once again😂😂😂😂
Still now number one Kevin Dogg u n C 💪⭐C B ur fun n facts sound good 💯. From u
Parsons was terrible stop telling me how good he is I don’t see it.
Great take. Sherman is an incredibly smart man. He should be on a major network calling games
Still asking Nick wright professional speaker of facts to explain meaning of discovery n my mom being attacked and verbally attracted because of my Case
The booger is killin me yo
Still leaving KD alone now he probably busy
Still I saying come beat me up leave Russ alone 2
Sherm jerry made clear Mike was not changing his position admit. Also Quinn Contract is up now so is M parsons. last week Micah sad it part business if Quinn leaves, he might take me with him, you never know.. he said"..Jodi Pete John all know Quinn has wanted out sibce last week.. Especially after hearing Jerry on HC. uinn wants HC position it will be not in Dallas under this impression... Sherm sir can you imagine Quinn Parsons Bland maby to Seattle let that sink in a min. Yes sir Nobody want se that happen but looks like it!! It was I dont care game ha ha Jerry from Quinn and parsons... I had lions SF Nfc tittle !!GO Hawks
Still I know your asking Taylor Swift 🙏 bro help me
Glad you owned up to the Love hate. I’ll own up to saying you’d never own it to it. Ha GPG!
Still I do not lie 😭🤥
Still not having explosive 🧨
Still not t a terrorist
Still not a Walmart shooter
Still Sherman I still need help with my Case please help I don't want 2B murdered
Finally admitting you were wrong about j love. We appreciate that
I’m glad he held himself accountable for what he said earlier this season, he gets my respect
Well Jerry? What now…..🤣
Lets be HONEST.  MY PACKERS already won when they elected to receive and set the tone... Go Pack Go No one talking about how mike shanahan scheme gives dallas problems... mcdaniel,mcvay, but kyle and lafluer runs it best and both of them DEMOLISHED THE COWBOYS.
Let’s not overreact   Dak will be a cowboy next year (no better option available), CeeDee and Micha gonna get their money, everyone lost some money after the L today. Cowboys need a new coach to better prepare the players for the playoffs
How many playoff wins does Dak have? $ 50 million a year for what?
dak stat guy , never wins big games , let him go any qb could win 10 games with  their talent ..........
WHAT SHERMAN.... YOU SAID MY PACK WAS GOING TO LOSE..... HUH???????
It's crazy how they going to fire the coach and dak looked ass
Give Skip hell Uncle Sherm lmao!!!!
It shows they were not worthy of the second seed. Everyone know the lions were screwed by the officials they are the true second seed the fact they won is proof of this. Cowboys beat teams that were tomato cans and bought there F game to the playoffs.  You get what you deserve.
Ceedee dropped multiple easy passes tonight. Ya he'll be paid but hes not a big timer
Glad you finally admit you were wrong about the Packers. Even up until the other day you wouldn't admit it, we have receipts. This was a blowout so why would Quinn deserve a HC job? That "touted" defense shit the bed man. We tried to tell you at the beginning of the season that this team was just different, no one listened. Look at us now
As a niners fan I pray they keep Dak and pay him top dollar. That’s a huge mistake and the niners will enjoy beating him and the cowboys moving forward. Bill B to the cowboys would scare me a little but without a good big game QB I don’t even think Bill B can fix this mess. I’m not even sure Bill B would want this job. He just had a lot of games with Mac Jones so would he want to take a job with Dak as his QB?
This been going on for 28 years straight blaming the coach not going to solve the problem.    You have to clean house Jerry have to give up GM duties…get rid of Dak trade or release him.    Trade Michael parsons trade Lamb    Give Trey Lance a chance    That would save about $80 million , Green Bay got Live to sign a two year 10 1/2 million extension give Lance a two year $25 million extension
Jerry Jones has nobody to blame but himself.   He is cursed for screwing over Jimmy Johnson.  I hope he never sees a Superbowl in his lifetime.   His time is running out.  Karma is a B****.
Glad you acknowledged you were wrong. You were super tough on the Packers and Love especially. "Get ready for mediocrity", you said at the start of the season. Love is for real put some respect on his name
Have the cowboys ever beat the Packers in the playoffs.. 😂😂😂😂😂... Payback for the cowboys cheating Detroit.. Thanks refs.. 😂😂😂😂😂.. Twinkle Twinkle litte star,  how I wonder where you are..  hahaha
I’m tapped in Sherman
First of all go pack… but second of all…. I get mad every time they say McCarthy is gone…. It’s literally dak that chokes n shows that is mediocre every time… but everyone says he’s B grade.. when it counts he’s C- at best every time. Keep McCarthy and work on execution. Step 1 find a Qb that can execute (IN BIG GAMES)
They had me wondering if they were actually more than an illusion with those home blowouts this year, but this feels more like reality.
Go Pack Go
Love top 5 qb already?
Yesss😂 Sherm embarrassing Game The Cowboys Got Handled and at home at that clobbered by that Packers Defense
Id rather watch jerry cry then watching swift in the box.
This is carma for Micah parsons, he gets on his little podcast every week and talk shit and talk down on other players, he thinks he is a better quarterback than Brock Purdy, says he is on the same level as nick bosa, if you wanna be on the same level as nick bosa, go and do your best to be the best you, the best player that would help your team win, you might have some sacks, but you need to be a better team oriented player, get off you podcast and help your team, in my mind, you don't compare to nick bosa. .period
Cowboy's misery is the most entertaining thing the NFL has to offer. It's hysterical.
PACKERS OWN AT&T STADIUM😂😂
BYE BYE DALLAS FANS😂😂😂😂 You will NEVER win a Super Bowl with Dak as your QB. He folded just like we said he would all season. The Cowgirls were shaking in their boots when they found out all the playoff teams would have records above .500😂😂😂
Glad you finally see it Rick
I’ve never seen a Seahawk fan love/support a 49ner fan like Sherman does..  “Paid the bills” or played for them it’s just odd
Packers have been out here on the front lines, fighting for your freedoms since 2015
Do you guys think Parsons stops talking about other teams QB?
Dan Quinn is overrated--the defense was horrible all season!  Dan Q defense got shreded all night/dak will gt most of the blame but the defense was awful.
Props to Richard Sherman for admitting he was wrong. You’re a man of character
Yeah, americas team,  bidens america
Dallas been doing this for 28 straight years  so why everyone acting surprised???????? And people actually think 7:34 Dallas is America , Michael parson have to realize you have to play in January beating up on the jets and giants is not the same
Funny how a guy who cost a team a super bowl wears the hat of that team instead of the team he will go Into the hall of fame as a player of
Paying Dak 50 million a year😂 Protect Jerry Jones at all cost, he’s too valuable to all the other NFC teams
Dak is trash
You got a booger in your nose
Come on Richard you know Dallas can't beat a team with a winning record
Can't wait for you and key to really let irv and skip have it on undisputed. As a lions fan, I should thank the packers for taking out the trash and giving my team another home field game next week. Really happy Detroit took care of business and upheld our end to make the North look pretty good.
man, i cant wait to see what excuse skip bayless has this time and to see stephen a. smith laugh his ass off again 🤣🤣🤣
That’s what  Skip. Bayless deserves you know for being Skip Bayless
Dak gotta go.   Giving dak $50 million a madness then Mahomes is worth $100 million a year ….. if you can’t trade him then release him
Let’s Go Niners!!!!❤
Parsons looked more satisfied to have received a flag for holding then he did for any tackle or any attempt to get to the quarterback. The whole stadium was cheering just cause he got a flag.
Jordan Love going "here we go" in victory formation was hilarious
Diehard Packers fan. But I really think we need a new kicker. I don't trust him at all. Seems to miss at least 1 extra point attempt per game.
Belichick + Parsons would be a deadly combination.
Dak wins in the regular season, but how many NFC Championship games has he taken a team to?
Dak and the coach got to go as I said before Dak is overpaid for average qb because they needed that cap money to shore up other positions.. I'll be dam if Jerry willl keep.Dak.and paying him $50 mil next season. Like I said Dak held that qb position for over 8 yrs and that should be enough evident of his level of playing skills.. Lets him go, cost too much..Like i said before Dak not worth the money even though hw wins a lot of meaningless games.. Get rid of him and start over..
🤠💩🛏️
Hope this kick in the ass.. Give them a good jump-start in the future...
Your crazy I would not keep Zach Prescott
Sherman please get our defense back right 🙏 we need the defense back to playing the #1 defense. Why teams running over 200 yards against us .Helpbplus Brock can't play lik😂Dallas where is our defense 😕?
You’ve come full circle repping that niner hat. Going from one of the most hated players for the niner fans to probably one of the more adored players. Nice touch Sherm
Dak dak dak dak dak dak dak dak dak dak dak......................
Sherm can you give your fans one “Crabtree”? Pls?
I would not hire Dan Quin 2:45
Crazy
Greenbay still owns the Dallas Cowboys. Lmao
49ers have been in the head of the Cowboys all season.  So much focus on not having to play the 9ers until the Conference finals that Cowboys didn’t show up in the wild card.
Richard must be doing his BOOGER MCFARLAND impression with the booger in his nose. Lol 👃🏽🫢😂
48-16 was the real score, Dak started stat padding after the packers put in there backups 😂
Please clown skip on the show he needs to be humbled and you can do it along with key
That booger tryna steal the show
If Jerry wasn't 81 I would say time to rebuild, but he doesn't have that kind of time.
Cj Stroud Already better than Dak  Cj setting tha bar for lot of these qbs
How bout them cowboys.😂😂😂
Dak is not that guy
Top Show !
i like that he admits when he is wrong
They had a slogan "Be Love" this weekend for MLK Day I guess, but they were actually boosting Jordan Love.
Dak will have to go so Cowboys can put cheaper and younger qb in his place. Not enough money to pay Parsons and Lamb and others. Dallas had the most All Pro players to make the All Pro team this season.
Richard Sherman ~ 49ers fan since 1972 here:  I called the S.F. FAITHFUL front office.  I served them NOT to take G.B. lightly!!!  Didn't the 49ers destroy Dallas in their own backyard in the regular season!?
Dak is🗑 I'm sorry!!
How bout them Cowboys first 2 seed to lose to a 7 seed. 😂
Richard you said Packers would never be scary again under Jordan Love. You also said “Welcome to mediocrity packer fans!” …. But mediocre teams don’t just drop 48 points and get to the divisional round.
I'm shocked over the impressive win. As a GB fan, I can't explain how happy I am. I think people need to start talking about Jordan Love being a good QB in the NFL "now," not in a few years☝🏻👍🏻👍🏻🍀
After Green Bay upsets SF let’s see you show some LOVE & replace that SF hat with a Packers hat! 😅💛💚👑🔥 Let’s Go Green Bay!
Cowboys tight, felt the media pressure; Packers loose.  Sherman pegged it:  young receivers don't know that their not supposed to do this.  No dancing after a catch just making plays.
" Here we goooo " 1 & DONE AGAIN 😂😂🤣🤣
Hey look. It's bozo the 🤡
why would you think dan quinn going to get a head coaching job? All the 500 team games they play he sucks and never adjust. Just look at this one. 41 points he gave up and you think he's getting head coaching job? i'll be surpise if he's not fired before Mike
Sherm, they didn't play anyone at home and Detroit got robbed with that Bs penalty that would have been the game. Karma comes back around and the Cowboys will always find a way to fail.
Wild n out lmao
I called this L today and everyone at work thought I was tripping! That's until minutes before the 2nd quarter ended. 😂😅
Are we gonna talk about Dan Quinn folding as a Coordinator the whole back half of the season?? Wouldn’t want him as my head coach.
It was hilarious. They were already counting their home wins thinking they'll easily beat the Packers, and whoever came in next, before they have to travel to Santa Clara. They said things like, maybe we won't even have to go, maybe someone else will take care of SF for us and we'll have three home games on the way to the Superbowl. They really thought they'll never lose again at home and completely ignored they only beat bad teams there and got gifted a win by the refs against the Lions, the one good team they played at home.   All streaks end at some point. This one ended in spectacular fashion. 48 points. It's really too bad about that doink, could've been 49...
THE TEAM ON YOUR HAT IS NEXT TO FOLD UP LIKE THEY ALWAYS DO 😂 NEITHER TEAM HAS WON ANYTHING SINCE THE 90S D.C.=DELUSIONAL COWBOYS... AND THE S.F =SUPER FRAUDULENT 49ERS...
Jerry says he will go back, look into the situation, and determine why these playoff failures keep happening. Hope he’ll pass a mirror on the way. It will shorten the search
I’m glad I ain’t no cowboys fan niners all the way babyyyy
If you are 📚 this PLEASE KNOW THIS TRUTH..JESUS came to save sinners LIKE ME AND YOU. PEACE TO ALL 🌠 ✨️
Bro let Skip Bayless know "YOU MAD BRO"
Cowboys have 4 playoff wins the past 27 years. And their defense sucks.
Love play like Aaron Rodger’s
What you mean the packers aren't  supposed to be doing this?  Jordan 10VE ❤ is MVP
Sorry Sherm he didn't have a perfect passer rating he had to come back in during garbage time he threw a couple incompletions so he's a 157 point something not 158.3 will keep those perfect ratings for Brock Purdy
Does this count as sniffing the Super Boql? You said the Pack could never sniff the SB ever again. Apologize to J Love and the Pack son.  It should've been 60-7. Refs gave them 10 points Pack allowed 16 points in garbage time 10 min left in 4th Q put in bench players and played soft zone and rested Love and Jones in the fourth Q so they could've easily scored 1-2 more TD's.
That booger though Sherm.....
Thats whats up Rich 😂
Ha ha ha Cacaboys! Cheaters come out! Ha ha ha
No Super Bowl for cowboys til jerry retires
J L is bad as hell!!! My team such bad as hell!!
Jordan❤ makes Brock Purdy look like Johnny Mansell
Jerry on murder watch!
No one showed up thou for Dallas except maybe Gallup and fergerson
The cowboys are definitely not Americas team
$50 million a season for Prescott?  Love ya' Sherm, but Dak has built a career beating garbage teams. Amen.
Packers Got Cowboys #even without Rodgers
First 7th seed to win a playoff game** yes I’m a packers fan
Richard eating Jordan Loves Crow for all eternity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some players are just not good under pressure or in pressure games.  They're good and look great during regular season but when it comes to big games, they're not the same.  I think Dak is one of those players.
I am not a football expert, but I do know basic coaching albeit at a lower level. The way to stop Dak Prescott is to utilize a spy to prevent him from scrambling. His dominant performances are a result his ability to leave he pocket and pick up critical first downs. Earlier in the year, SF used inside linebackers to contain. Green Bay did that today with various positions and the defensive front that stayed in their lanes. If Dak is forced to THROW the ball, he is prone to mistakes especially in third down situations. He does not handle pocket pressure well which becomes exacerbated when playing from behind. I might also add that the Quinn defense is good playing with a lead. But adjustments seem few and far between when playing from behind. Especially in this playoff game. Just an opinion.
BB would drop parsons
Jimmy Johnson lost his mind at halftime 😂
Way better setting for you instead of having to prove everything to skips delusional self
According to the book of Green bay 3:19 - "Verily, verily Dak sayeth unto thee " Here we go ... on vacation!"" Ha, ha!!!
Love is here! San Fran watch out…they coming.
Russell to Dallas
I love Dallas choke season... comes every year
McCarthy terrible   Blowout first playoff  Unemployment line on Monday
You ate your words gracefully...but you still ate them!
I can't wait for you to blast Skip tomorrow!!
Way to own up man on Love man. Let’s root for 10 together!
I appreciate Sherman keeping receipts on himself in regards to the Packers.
Dak gotta go.
I love you Richard, you rock as a potcaster!!
Do don’t have to pay 💰 Dak $50 million!! You work out something reasonable and if he doesn’t want that then trade him away!!!!🏈🏈
I like the positivity of saying to send a positive message to a cowboys fan since you know everyone else is digging them right now. As a packers fan I am sure I’m the last person they want to hear from right now however.
Richard again u picked a loser now u talking like u knew who was going to win
Mr. Sherman you gotta to be kidding me with Lamb and Dak paying them big money. Paying Lamb could be a option but not for huge money. Dak is a whole other thing I personally think that you get rid of Dak because he is not a playoff QB. Just face it they just cant get over that curse. Mr. Jones has a lot of changes to do with his Cowboys.
Green Bay was originally America's team being a team that has no individual owner.  Somehow, in a media stunt many decades ago, an announcer referred to Dallas as America's team and somehow everyone forgot the Packers already had that title.
There were SO MANY times that the Cowboys secondary got smoked by wide open receptions. I look to the DC's defensive schemes.
As lifelong Cowboys fan, I posted on Skip's Undisputed this would happen because Cowboys always lay an egg the next game after a big win as they had with Washington and Cowboys thought this game was going to be a cake walk since Packers barely made the playoffs!  So they were NOT prepared and came into the game laxadaisical!  NOW, I hope someone is putting Skip on suicide watch!  AND Keyshawn is going to have so much fun making Skip and Michael their crow!
put some respect on Jordan Love's name
No Vaseline
Funniest part of the day was the Fox studio team just utterly losing their sh*t when the team they all agreed would win got walked over.
You were those doubters bro
Cowboys just like the Titans, you can't cheer until they win the Superbowl 🤧
They need linebackers to stop the run . New QB and new owner
Umm. Who forgot to tell the Dallas defense that the game was today?
with all the stuff you were talking I wanted to hate you and your whole channel, but thank you for admitting when you were wrong. Go Pack Go.
LOVE U STANFORD ALL PRO !!
Why you wear read when you played mostly as a seahawk ?
Congrats on your channel Sherm. Let’s get a LOUD Go Pack Go!! With you and Lil Wayne 😅
Props to sherm for apologizing to Love and giving him his props.
Cowboys threw the game...only explanation for the unexplainable...no effort anywhere from anyone ...no sense of urgency even when then slowly started to catch up... completely out of character...looked like past teams not this years...play calling: listless conservative no risk no reward... a 180 from the reg. season...a totally dismal performance...
When you least expect it, they will let you down 🤣😂 #AccidentWaitingToHappen  Cowboys are always gonna do cowboy things
Sherm; don't let Skip jump off the Cowboy's bandwagon tomorrow without getting it put to him. I've seen him do it every time Dallas lays an egg.
Yall watch Micah Parsons come on tomorrow and blame the refs. Then take shit about SF lol
Bang Bang!
I think the cowboys might get bill belichick
The only thing that surprised me after this is that that Green Bay Packer team looked scary AF coming from a Niners fan. The only reason the score was as close as it was because they started easing up and subbed out early in the 4th.   They MAULED those cowboys bad. I wasn’t expecting that. I didn’t think the Cowboys would run over them but goddamn did those Packers look good.  That Packers team against the Niners after 3 weeks off… man I don’t know.
I knew the cowgirls would lose I doubt packers will beat the 49ers . GO TEXANS
I’m a Cowboys fan that knew this would happen. Just not in the wild card round….. Good job Packers but unfortunately any professional football team could beat this cowboys team today since they decided to wear their clown shoes again yet again. The niners will most likely slaughter the packers next week (just guessing). I’m happy y’all have a good team and are set for future success. Maybe my team will when Jerry kicks the bucket (assuming his son might actually allow a complete rebuild)
I just want to hear someone start the convo pointing out that green bay were better prepared and have the better qb rb, OL, and are 3-4 deep in WR every play. Yes, dallas sucked, but GB kicked their ass on every level. That is the story.
I appreciate you recognizing J  Love
Dak is not a 50 million dollar quarterback. In the playoffs Dak cologne called Interception comes out
Quinn 7 touchdowns scored on this defense lmao
Lamb parsons Dak need to go stats don’t make champs lose them alll including the coaches
I don’t see Dan Quinn getting a HC job after the way this defense played. Especially with the proven high profile names available.
Michael Ervin what happened to all that (information) you gathered all year😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂.  Rs you need to cook both them tomorrow, but gotta bring up all the information gathered.lol
No no no we don’t want our flowers now. Keep doubting us sir
Dak aint the answer
IDK if Dan Quinn is going to get a HC job after this terrible performance from his defense.
Dak could be a HOF back up 😂😂
Niner's big time fan here. So sad to see the Cowboys go down this way year after year. Imagine how their fans feel, so hurt.
Irrelevant since SB30.
Only cast giving packers flowers.
Now Parsons can continue critisizing Purdy from the sidelines
😂
Why hasn't jerry jones help a press conference and fired McCarthy? And dak doesn't need a contract. He proved he will choke everytime. .
Nothing new here. This happen every playoffs for Cowboys. Also, Dak is extremely overrated.
Someone tell Rich there are bats in the cave 👃😅
How bout "Wildcard & Washed."
The secondary  was atrocious. How can the secondary coach be even thinkin about another job?
Love ❤️ your podcast . Boy Skip is going to be numb
Long time listener first time commenter. With that being said, HOW BOUT THEm COWBOYS
Why fire the coach when it’s the quarterback? Dark and the Cowboys are overhyped every season.
They don’t need to pay Dak more money. He’s overrated and over paid already. He needs to take a pay cut so they can fix the defense.
Dak the GOAT garbage time QB. This dude is shameless when it comes to padding his stats in garbage time
stoked for the 49ers game saturday, i'll be there.
Sherm and key gonna be rolling over mud with this one tomorrow 😂
Richard, I appreciate you admitting that you had no respect for the Packers at the start of the year, and now admitting you were wrong.  In mid-October, when the Green Bay offense was struggling, so many people (fans and media) thought all hope was lost.  Huge credit to Matt LeFleur and his coaches for turning those guys around.
Eat your words. You definitely said Green Bay didn't stand a chance 😂
Wild card walk off
HOW ABÓUT DEM COW🐮 GIRLS😭 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Dak choked!
1:25 - Richard saying he's texting Lil Wayne is like when Colin says he's texting an NFL GM
Thank you Mr Sherman for owning up to the incorrect love predictions. Much respect. Go pack go and can't wait to see more from this channel!
Dak Prescott is the Clayton Kershaw of the NFL. Great during the season, but garbage during the postseason.  Well, that’s not quite fair. Kershaw actually has a championship.
The whole week, everyone said there was no way the Packers had even a chance, and a bunch of college boys walked into cowboy stadium and smoked em! Made a huge statement!
Do not send Dan Quinn to Seattle. Fire McCarthy. Trade Dak to Denver for Russ.
Dak worth 50 😂😂😂😂😂
Dakota Prescott could of had 4 interceptions, that's a problem...
Unc yo, you got a boog
Niners will pack these packers up and ship them home lol
same guy who said packers gonna be irrelevant and now hes been corrected.. love seeing him eat his words
When they got the two point conversion called back is jokingly said “they’re going to miss the field goal now” 😂😂 then they did!
Let’s Go Packers 💛💚💛💚
Danny White, Tony Romo, Dak Prescott = Choker + Choker + Choker
Like.....OK! Welcome to mediocrity GB!
And they gave Dak Prescott an award instead of Brock Purdy
That's a  Terrible game....           I'm gonna humiliate you.... wait it....      It's Cowboys!        It's embarrassing!         Blowout! 48-32!   Garbage 4 quarters!
Wonder how’s skip doing? Hope he’s okay lol…..try to take it easy on him
I needed Lamb to score just 1 TD....just 1.
Mike verable cowboy new coach?
Best hat you got 😂
Don’t just apologize. Stop making stupid takes before the season when you clearly don’t don’t what you’re talking about.
I knew that 'Dak Romo' was going to throw int's.  That's his MO.  I think they'll win the SB next year.....not!!
Dallas has to ask, “Do we wanna quarterback that wins regular season games or wins superbowls?” If they’re satisfied with 12 win seasons and playoff flops then Dak is their guy.  Sherm cmon bruh you were just on another show sayin Dallas was gonna be too much for GB. Stop the cap!
Packers going to give the Niners all they can handle
“Two seed thats what yall need, blowout at home best believe”😂
Legend has it, Dak Prescott still blaming cd lam about the first bad pass.
Jerry Jones is the sole reason the Cowboys have not seen a Super Bowl since 96.  Jones is like a cancer that just keeps coming back.  This loss is worse this year because of the talent we had this year.  I’ve been a fan for 60 years and this one stings the most.   Anyway, just subscribed to your channel because I enjoy hearing you talk sports.
Gotta show Aaron Jones some love, dude has been a beast since coming back healthy
Honestly if Dak is humble enough to understand he needs help and signs for 25 or under a year he’ll give his team a shot but if demands max money he’ll be out of playoff contention the rest of his career
Dak just tricked y’all for the season lol. Right back to doing dak things when it mattered hahhah
The Cowboys continue to prove Stephen A correct.... Year after year after year after year after.... Fuck it ya'll know the rest...🤣🤣🤣🤣
Richard Sherman better roast Skip and Michael Irvin tomorrow
48-16.... Packers dominated this game. I know the final score was 48-32, but it wasn't. Cowboys are the champs of garbage time. McCarthy is definitely gone. Dan Quinn HC? Belichick? It won't matter. Cowboys choke everytime in the playoffs 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣.
Belicheck ain’t going to Dallas. Jerry likes to control his coaches……
And the Rams r out thank God! They out played the Lions, but that's the NFL!😅
Just found this channel and instantly subscribed—love me some Richard Sherman!!
This is the product of beating up on bad teams and inflating your stats. The Cowboys literally would open their entire playbook against irrelevant teams like the Giants and Commanders. Real contenders don’t need to put up 40+ points against bad teams to prove a point, a win is a win, they save their best for when it matters.
The sound of the ball hitting the pole was such a Cows moment 🤣🤣😂😂😂💩💩🤡🤡🗑🗑🗑
Richard. do you think Jerry Jones is capable of making any smart decisions lol? I highly doubt it with is track record. We had two good coaches since Jerry took over and he couldn't wait to run them out of town.
CHEATERS NEVER WIN!!! I TOLD YOU, THAT THE COWBOYS ARE FRAUDS!!! 💯 PERCENT JOKES!!!!
Broussard been sayin it all year……..they kept beating up tomato cans……they wasn’t ready for the post season
Damn. Dak is over paid. Put him on the bench one don’t let him off. He stays on the bench. Can lose games without him.
Thanx for giving Jordan his props big man to do that we ain't done! #GoPackGo
I think this loss will prompt Jerry to go after Derrick Henry.
Trade dak
Sanders coming Dion son
I’m glad you and Russ are good again . No beef is worth the brotherhood of the Super bowl years
Please give Skip hell on undisputed 😂 Go Niners!
Aaron jones blocked Micah parsons lmao that was hilarious.
So sherm, after that trash game, how we feeling about Quinn comin to Seattle? That's okay I'll wait
Cowboys Mike McCarthy has no emotions , Jerry Jones is crazy, Dak folds every post season .
Dak... regular season Quarterback. I wonder if Cam was right? 🤔
No more old coaches definitely need a quarterback
How dak isnt getting this smoke and only mccarthy is, is crazy to me. Dak palyed like a pile of dirt
I don't understand how anyone supports McCarthy.  Under him, the Cowboys VERY CONSISTENTLY: Lose to a good team  Have a bunch of critical penalties Mismanage the clock Have no answers or adjustments when they fall behind.  How is this good coaching??
THERE WE GO!
Jordan Love a better QB than Dak
I was shocked i had the cowboys winning the game and the way the cowboys lost is unbelievable lolol but it's regular cowboys shit lolol 🤣
Before even watching this I started chanting, "Divisional and done, divisional and done, divisional and done!" 🤣#HowBoutDemCowboys
put on your Seahawks hat on
Let’s start here by your whole prediction about the Cowboys versus the Packers was wrong lol😅😅😅
He ain't getting fired u don't know Jerry he likes coaches that do what he says cause it's all bout Jerry
All pro QB over Purdy is a joke. Folks that picked Dak over Purdy might be second guessing all their life choice decisions.
you got a booger in your nose bras
Hopefully Ravens will play well with the " MVP" 😂😂😂😂
I predicted Dak threw 2 int on Cowboys page and he did 😂😂
Update! Cowboys fans saying they making it to the Super Bowl next year! 😂😂😂
He sounds partially deaf from the cte. Dont @ me.
dak CHOKED
Texans are still in the Game !!!! Haters are on fire 🔥 😂😂😂😂
…but the Cowboys wanted San Francisco again? Please.
I wouldn't pay Micha Parsons top dollar for anything lol. He disappears in the biggest moments
dalLOSS cowBUMS bringing joy to Eagles Fans every year for 29 yrs. 😂😂😂 Gift that keeps on giving!!
The Atlanta Falcons will consider Dak. They're searching for a qb.
Bro, they be clickin on all cylinders! That pack engine is hot!!!
Matt LeFleur called Kyle and asked can they kick the Cowboys out this year? Kyle said....well...i guess so....lol. 😂😂
Go pack go.
Trey Lance era is upon them lol
Not even hating, I’m genuinely jealous of the airflow you get through those nostrils
Bahahahahahahahahahaha
Lafleur bring your squad to Levi's Stadium and get spanked by Niners like always. Niners all day!
Here a plethora there a plethora!
Damn nice hat Sherm.
The only hope is Jones sells the team.
Dak needs to change his cadence to "Disneyland".
Rams going home also 😂
Sherman rapping is crazy 🤣🤣
Dallas always putting up big numbers in the regular season and then failing in the playoffs
How you gonna pay Dak $50 mil a year for a QB who is 2-5 in playoffs with a hiatory of playing terrible against good teams and in the playoffs. Come on man. If you gonna blame the coach, you gotta put blame on a QB who threw 2 bad Ints in the first half when the game was ciritcal, inclduing a pick Six. Should have been 3 picks in the first half if it wasnt for the brick hands of Packers LB who had right in his hands. Dak is seriously OVER RATED and not even top 10 to 12 QB's.
the eagles will play better than this.
Love looked like patrick mahomes today
Nick Foles has more Super Bowl Wins than Dak does appearances
They going to give it to Skip Bayless tomorrow
Yo Richard come back to Green Bay and play
richard might be motivated enough to show up in person to talk about the cowboys with shkiiip
The cowgirls always are the best.. but the team can't resist losing when the hammer comes down.
All of that talk about Love can’t play was nothing but hating on a Black QB!
dak and mccarthy are gone.....mark my words
It's gotta be a time that we got to look at Dak is he a winner when it counts  if CJ Shroud  in his rookie debut can win a playoff game in his rookie year whith a subpar offense what that to say about Dak woth all the weapons he has.
how bout dem cowboys!!!!!
GreenBay Packers!  Represent Pack!  Go Pack Go!
Happy for you guys
Here we go, Dak!
Dak, Dr Jekyll one day, Mr Hyde the next.
Draft a QB in the first round!!! Penix jr!
DAK IS A BAD QB whose stats are seriously padded against bad teams in the regular season. But as soon as he has to play a decent defense (not even top echelon in Green Bay), Dak throws Ints and plays eratically, this happens every time against good teams. Dak can't compete.  Early in game Dak throws 2 Ints, allowing the Packers to build big lead, including Pick Six. The TD's and yards Dak had today were mostly in garbage time, when it doesn't matter and opposing defenses are playing soft. Like soft teams during the regular season. This dude being voted All Pro is truly a sham and shows how little the mainstream media knows. What a joke. Dak is not even top 15 QB.
This is hilarious!
Where’s the Seahawks hat man?!?! You said it best when you were with us. “You’re the best corner in the league!” Famous quote you ever said!
I met you at the lakers game, you a legend 🙌
Skip’s punching air right now 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Smart strategy: Blow it up. Hire a young or young-ish HC & GM.  JJones strategy: Hire Belechek as HC. Continue as GM. Convince self Superbowl is still only 1-2 players away. Spend money. Lose early in playoffs again.
Showing J love love. Glad he’s earned your respect sherm
Here for the Packers apology
Hey Richard.  Did you ever record the "One and done" song??
As a cowboys fan we need to reset at the quarterback position and elevate dan quinn to head coach.
Dak is like Rodgers.. great stats..Sucks in the playoffs..
Dak was screaming at cee dee lamb but he was the one throwing pick sixes😂😂😂
Rich cap for DQ his defence just got lit up he ain’t no HC candidate no more
Yeah I'm sure Richard is going to give Skip a hug. LMAO
As a cowboys fan, they played with zero effort or heart at first.  D couldn’t stop the run like Sherm has been preaching.  D couldn’t do a thing about Love.   They earned that win. Jerry about to make changes.    Call me fair weather. I don’t care. They sucked.
Did anyone expect anything different lol Go Niners
You're wrong Richard...Detroit did beat them, the refs stole that game for the Dallas cockroaches
Were was Dallas defense
The word for today is DALLAS: That is DALLAS the game of the year for the cowboys. The grilled cheese anybody🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
So coming from a niners fan, I am worried about the Packers. This feels a lot like the 9er wild card run where they beat the cowboys and the Packers, but it's the Packers beating the cowboys and the niners, the vibe just feels the same
McCarthy and Quinn are gone.  😢 we suck.. we need a hard nosed coach man. Soft as heck. Cd better get paid.
He all happy every time they lose bro you a sea hawk anyway you played longer for  Seahawks
Its typical Dak. Playoffs = int's. For all the praise heaped upon them for beating Commanders, Jets, Giants, Eagles, Seahawks, and Lions should have been a loss. This team is a pretender, not a contender. Dak is NOT worth 35-40 mil a year
Dallas needs to hire D. Sanders and Brian Flores to the ATL…..
Wait Richard. You said more than that. You talked all kinds of smack. You ARE Skip Bayless. That is you. You should never again have hard words with Skip or Cowherd. You are brothers. As for my Packers, do they got what it takes to beat SF or go further? I don't know, but I would never talk smack about whichever team we play because if we lose, I don't want to be you or your brothers.
Cowgirls' one and done is an annual thing for them lol! They are the most Fraudulent and Overrated team all the time!
The Packers are Americas Team.
Dak needs to go imo he is overrated.  He chokes when it actually matters. And McCarthy too.
Next year 😂😂😂
After seeing this, The Niners aren't go to overlook them!!! They better be focused from the moment their in the locker room to the end of the game!!!!! I got to get this out, HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS 😂😅!!!
Niner fan here, COWBOYS NEED TO TRADE DAK AND START LANCE😂😂
DO NOT PAY DAK 50k plus!!! F that
Green bay vs san Francisco Bay 💪
Why would Dan Quinn get an HC job? His side of the ball gave up 48 points tonight. They were terrible. Will Jerry fire the entire coaching staff? He's got to be pissed getting embarrassed at home.
I didn’t even watch the whole game but I saw at least 3 Packers drop interceptions that hit them in both hands. Dak is lucky he didn’t throw 5 picks in this game. But go ahead and pay that man Jerry!😂
Respect to Richard Sherman for being objective regarding everything in the NFL including CeeDee Lamb. Cowboys got their lunch money taken.
Damn now everyone uploading "podcast" readction videos the night of
Did.nt..see.green.baybeing.that.good.didnt.see.dallas.being.that.bad.im.from.pats.land.dont.blame.the.coaches..j.jones.r.kraft.playing.stupid.dont.wanna.spend.moneeey.thats.why.dallad.pats.suck.
Belichek coming to Dallas?
That pick 6 was Savage! Go Pack!!
I thought the Packers were done. Jordan Love was not a good QB??? Richard you are a fraud !!!
All you needs love...🎉😂😅
Obviously when Playoff Dak looks like a complete 180 from Regular Season Dak, Dallas has issues.  Prescott has proven this in the past!
Richard I'd like to see you remix the Sport Center song. Instead of dun dun dun, dunnna dun to 1 and Done, 1 and Done lololololol😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Cowboys last transmission. Houston, we have a problem.
Respect for admitting you were wrong about Green Bay, I’ll admit I came to make a snarky comment but I deleted it 😂
Why should Parsons get max money? He doesn’t shine when it’s needed. He’s average
Dallas very simply was outclassed on both sides of the ball 😂 Period!!
Richard Sherman the fucking seahawks wide receiver??????????
I only disagree with sherm when he trashes Russ but I wasn’t there so
Sorry man.. unsub cuz that hat.
get a young QB like the packers did
How bout them cowboys 😂😂😂😂
HEEEEERE WEEEE GOOOOOO
Thanks for the flowers 🫶🏽
I thought packers would win by 14 because dax would choke. I did not expect an absolute blow out and dallas really only scoring in garbage time
Bill b and jerry jones can never work together. Fact.
When the cowboys lose an angel is born…
The first 7th seed to upset a 2 seed in the NFL history of 4yrs. That’ll never be topped lol
YEAH HERE WE GO!!!! im watching undisputed tomorrow to see what micheal and skip got to say now HOW ABOUT DEM COWBOYS. jerry put too much pressure on them and they choked🏈😂🏈😂🏈😂
Dallas should pay Dak more, $75 million or so to act like a fool in the playoffs lol
Broussard needs to get a tomato can for the Cowboys!😂😂😂
I'd rather they pay Dak this upcoming season and start all over with Lance. This team continues to be a one-and-done in the postseason. Maybe we do need to remove some of the leaders who have been with the team for the last couple of seasons. They don't show up for the playoffs.
Really liked everything except for the hugs for the cowboys fans, that’s a bit much- Steven A will give them all the hugs they need.
49ers 💪
Love your podcast brother! NINERSFOLIFE!
Dem boi’s 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This reminds me of crawford vs spence fight 💯
Sherman's a clown dogging packers for this to happen 🤣🤣🤣🤡🤡🤡
"They are who we thought they were!" 😂
The Dallas Wow Boys!
You was talking a lot of ish
What's your team the 49niners or the Seahawks didn't you win a super bowl on the Seahawks i don't recall you winning one with the 49niners Sherman 😊
Lil Wayne was 100% sure the Packers would win.
NINERS FAN herE.. LOVE to see you rocking that hat SHERM. Keep doing your thing.
You need to be quiet! Mr get burned by Sammy in the Super Bowl
You all doubted my boys. So....  shut up
3:49 How do we know Trey isn’t ready?  Everyone said Jordan Love wasn’t ready too.
This has to be the most embarrassing loss for Dallas .. a 7th seed young team walked into Dallas and put up 48 points..Dak choked .. the whole team choked .. Mike McCarthys game plan sucked ,will be surprised if he’s still the coach a week from now
Dallas defence wasn't playing well for a while
Parson played like shit..safties noshow
Sherm you are my idol .but Dak will still win a Superbowl before he retires. He is too expensive to trade..just let him rest for the early games so he will be ready once play-offs begins
Bye Bye 49ers‼️ Next‼️
Another doubter lol
We need Al Harris back in Green Bay!!  Jordan Love is a ROCKSTAR!!  He's seeing the Matrix!  #GoPackGo #WereNotDoneYet #GreenBayPackers #JordanLove
lol I think Richard forgot he won a Super Bowl with Seattle not the 9ers. lol they never even considered him a part of their team
Love every minute of it
Green Bay just was prepared and our coaches wasn't
As a packers fan I used to hate you and the seahawks back in the day lol. Cool to see you doing stuff off the field.
Michael Strahan said it best about my Cowboys..they try to be performers instead of players..Jerry Jones is the reason..he has turned the Cowboys into a bad hollywood movie type performance.
Is anyone really surprised
That star is a rating not a logo!
Green Bay has excellent DBs.  The Cowboys do not!!!
Bill Belichek is available.
The 49ers are next GO PACK GO
There's your 2nd Team All-Pro QB there.. If they waited for this game before voting for the All-Pro 2nd Team I wonder if Dak would have gotten it...
For shame!!!! Lol
Dallas got ran on,
Next time shut it !! what you said a bout jordan love ?
I don't know.. if the Packers played poorly and the Boys lost, I could maybe see firing McCarthy. But the Packers played brilliantly. Not sure that's a "fire the head coach" issue.
Sorry Jerry, but we're moving in for good. WELCOME TO LAMBEAU SOUTH 🧀🧀🧀
Dak Romo 😂
Take that hat off 😂😂
Dat booga suga on ya nose distracting me too much king..getcha gate together..lol..iss all love
Damn you are cool Sherm! I want to hate you but I just cant hold that grudge. Go 9ers!
Bro must be mad the cowboys drafted him 😂😂😂
You said it Rich, go SF
Hey Richard since ur so much of a stats guy was u not impressed with Dak over 400 yards passing ? Shouldn’t he win MVP ? 🤔🤡🤡🤡
Do u think love is real deal or a new franchise  qb for packers
Can we trade owners?
Dac and CEE Dee were in a serious bad mind space today.
If I’m Dallas I try to trade 1st rd pick to Chicago for Fields
I'm out. As long as Wack Prescott is the QB,  nothing will change.
I don’t feel bad when coaches get fired. They are still financially secured. They don’t need to file for unemployment. Their pride is hurt but their downfall has a soft landing.
I love and hate this team so much. Year after year it’s the same old disappointment.. But the only thing i hate more is a bandwagon so i refuse to switch up. I’m gonna go insane
Respect to Sherman for owning up!
49ers are next! GO PACK!!!!
I never liked him as a 49er fan but try out Lance just sayin'.
Goooo ninnerzz
I knew the Packers were gonna destroy them DUH!
Yall already on TV!!! Thats not "new media"...that's yalls obsession with hearing yourselves speak.   Now the millionaires call themselves F-ing "independents"....just takeover every space. JC man
How ‘Bout them Cowboys…
How Bout those Cowgirls! The Non-America Team!
lol Green Bay last 3 games has 14 sacks
Who else wanted them to lose so we don't have to hear that 🌽 here we go SHT😅😅😅
Coaching ain't the Problem. Prescott is the Problem!
😂😂" yall was the two seed. Ya thought that what ya need"😂🤦🏾‍♂️
How many coaches does Dak need? For years people have been saying he overrated the media need to stop hyping Dak up they need to rebuild if Jerry have a chance to sniff a super bowl before he die
What a bird brain. (SeaChickenZ)  You predicted complete opposite then turned around and posted this to try to still look relevant.
Sherman just more excited about trolling Skip on Monday than anything.💯😂
Texans vs Packers , Super Bowl
At least the cowgirls ain't got to go far to go home since they got put out
No longer a cowboy fan done bye
Bill won’t go to Dallas. He won’t put up with Jerry’s ego.
Yup same ol cowboys I love it …. Straight garbage all that hype for the same ish every year they worst than the giants If you ask me but of course no one ask me
McCarthy and Dak are BOTH out!
Should niners be worried?
Dak "Stat Padder" Prescott
Cowboys loss is the gift that keeps on giving
🤠🤡🤣
Cowboys blowed out lol
I remember you saying the Packers didn't stand a chance. Go Pack Go!
Hey what do you do if a hurricane lands in Dallas. Head to cowboys stadium,they never have a touchdown there........just saying?!!!!!!!!!
As an eagles fan I’m happy we can lose in peace now 😂😂😂😂😂
Replace that QB
Ok green bay don't so comfy. You just beat up a cowboys tean that hot no balls 😂
I'm so glad Seahawks got beat in the SB against the Patriots and ur face was priceless
Bro talked his shit all  year bro. How you feeling now bro
Anyone please respond to this question! How many big games has Dak won in his 8 years? One? I can remember him doing well against no so good teams but every good team when pressure is on?  Like None? Why does his stats against weak teams count so much when he can not win a big game against a good team?
Cowboys need a rebuilt
Ha ha ha
Mea Culpa?🤭👀
NFC TOUGH NOW [PACKERS, LIONS, RAMS, SAN FRAN, EAGLES]
I would not pay anyone on that team I wouldn't care if they all are let go their game today was a joke.
Great show,  Frat. Happy Founders Day
Jerry probably met with the devil at the crossroads and made a deal for his soul. It’s almost painful at this point. It’s the way they lose too. Painful to watch and not even a coybows fan. Damn
Great job Sherm always enjoy your analysis , also keeping Skip in check lol
Wherer the Denis green memes? Lmfao we are who they thought they was! Lmfao
FIRE MIKE AND DAN IMMEDIATELY
As a GB fan i know we had a chance but did not see that dominant of a performance coming...
Release Dak. Draft anyone. Draft a receiver and convert him into a QB. Anyone is better than Dak
Here WE GOOOOOONE!!
Isn't this the same guy that said dak and lame will beat the packers lmao yea and that's a ugly hat we coming for the 49ers go pack go
Lil Wayne was confident (10/10 confident) about this game.   Anyone who has been following these young players wasn't shocked by this win.   No one on the planet wants to beat GB more than McCarthy.   It doesn't happen again!
Slicing and Dicing...straight Hibachi
Don’t come our way now Richard .
You’re willing to pay Dak that much money Sherm? 😂 I swear people that say Dak for MvP don’t watch the games they just look at stats
Can't beat a good team without 15 penalties going their way
Kyle gave Matt , Steve Wilks play book from week 5 lol
Couldn't wait😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂.
Richardsherman for sf new dc after wilks gets hired
Richard!!! Shredded Skippy Clueless..Tommorow!!!
Dak will Dak
Dallas did not face the Commanders this week 😂 no homecoming game this week!!
one a done in the wiiiiiiild card  how bout them dallas cooowboys
Have you spoke to Skip Bayless, lmao
It still kinda shocks me seeing sherman rep the niners after he torched them for years
Nice Hat Richard!
You also said before the game that Dallas would blowout the Packers. 😅 you don't know crap
Im glad you owned up to your bad take sherm. Makes me respect you more bro
Dallas is a mediocre team at best.  Their vaunted home record is a joke.  Look at the teams they beat at home mostly losers, and the 3 teams they beat almost beat them. Their record when scrutinized is laughable.  BTW, my first time watching your show, GREAT JOB!  I am now a subscriber.
This is not all the coaches fault.  Better not pay Dak and company they are bums , all are dumpster fires and trash cans, if you pay them 🤡🤡🤡
The cowboys are always overrated
Micha Parson was a no show again..
Why not go w Trey Lance, it gets no worse than your franchise QB chok!n EVERY YEAR come Crunchtime🤷‍♂️
I hope ceedee leaves
Smokin that cowboys pack😮‍💨💨💨💨
Exactly, you can say the same thing about the dolphins and the lions. Lions letting the rams come back.
There has never been a better time to stop being a Cowboys fan
The Dallas cowboys gone fishing 🎣😂
I knew we was gonna get blown out now micah got more time for his podcast so thats good . HeRE wee GO ! To CANCUN
HERE. WE GO
I predicted this Midwest Nostradamus
ZACH TOM…
Now I can enjoy football again
Suk it Sherman Go Pack Go
McCarthy loses to his former team.
I don't see Quinn deserving a head coaching job. Their defense sucked when the lights were bright.
Jerry can handle a loss.  But he can’t handle an embarrassment.  And that is what happened.      But then again no owner, coach or player likes being embarrassed.  Mike is likely already looking for another job.
Thought it was divisional and done,but they couldn't get pass the wildcard. Was gifted the division and 2nd seed,but damn reality hits hard. 😅
Patriots and Packers got rid of Franchise Quarterbacks, why not the Cowboys.  But, there is a difference, Packers had a Quarterback ready to go.  But don't forget history, 2011.  The Pack beat the Bears in the last game of the Home/Away Season at Lambeau to enter the Finals (same this season) and then went on to Win the Superbowl.
Sherm….. 8:09 Why do 25 year old adult men who are professionals and college educators and getting paid millions to play a game… not know they’re supposed to be in the playoffs?! 😂  If they don’t expect that, they shouldn’t be on the team.
Cowboys  always  setting  records!😂
Cowgirl fan cry again haha 😄 😅
I reached out to my Cowboys fan best bud, I told him, well now he can cheer for the Niners for the rest of the playoffs. 😂  I had to rub it in, it is Dallas afterall.
Anyone surprised by this must be new to watching football 😂
Packers really gonna fire McCarthy twice
Harbaugh to Cowboys?
Love your analysis. Bro is so intelligent and well-spoken.
Tommorow is going to be like Christmas for Richard, he is going to go to Skip and say told you so.
Just Subscribed & Great Content.
I was going to watch until I saw you wearing that niners cap. I'm out.
Dak is good as long as he’s not in the playoffs so it’s time for him to go
Richard Sherman, now go tell Skip.
You and skip say cowboys gonna smash my Packers. Look what happened
I can't wait for Sherman and Keyshawn to torched Michael Irvin and Skip Bayless  on Undisputed tomorrow!!!😂😂😂😂
Soon as dak through that first pic i was like yeah its over
Go ahead Sherman let them have it
Shoulda played Romo in the playoffs during Dak's rookie year, shouldn't have resigned Dak a few years ago. Jerry let the media influence him too much on Dak
you can be assured the Cowboys will never disappoint on choking in big games😂🤣😍
Bronco country let's ride and Cowboys 🤣💯💩
dude - with nostrils like that, back away from the camera.    As for the game, teams that draft and develop young QBs that have the potential and arm talent of love is amazing courage.  Jones needing to prove his loyalty and double the pay of a 1 read, low arm talent QB like Dak Prescott is why Green Bay is great and Dallas will stay in the "also-rans" like this.  Dak gets another coach fired.
Go pack Go respect to Sherman giving us our respect 🫡
Aaron Jones be running all over them cowgirls.
Richard, you know regular season wins don't mean as much as a playoff win. It's a great stat, but winning QB's win in the playoffs.
Dak always looks like he’s scared in high pressure games. I knew GB would win.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I’m a niner fan in a town full of cowboy fans. That constantly think and say their team is the best.
😂😂😂😂😂how bout them cryboys skip😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Aaron Rogers deserves a lot of credit.
I know Country Wayne Is Hurt RN 😂
You know Sherman I called you a hater and you really just speaking facts
My guy Sherman too hyped, well deserved 😂. Niners all day
I am glad Arron Rogers no longer on packer team,he needs to retire let the new guys play 😎 I am glad greenbay  won 🎉 go cheese head 🧀
Rich that Niners cap always looks great on 🫵🏽!!! SAN FRAN!!!
I think the Lions game gave Dallas a false sense of confidence. I mean, they got so lucky due to a call that should've shown their  reality.
😂Dallas should had let Detroit win against’em and go to Tampa Bay 😅
Jerry Jones is Mark Davis with better hair
As a packer fan, hated playing against you Sherm, but, you’re a cool cat.
Same old Cowboys.  Talk a big game but haven't delivered in 30 years.  Talk about resting on your laurels.  Cowboys are the Rip Van Winkel of resting.
Great show Richard! The Cowboys failure train keeps on rollin! They will be home again for the SB, and the next 20 SBs on lol! Terrible team, from top to bottom!  Natural born losers!
That's not a choke-job by the Cowboys...they just got beat. Better team won EASY
Nothing wrong with the coaching. Problem is one player. Dak! He chokes under pressure.
Cowboys losing this game is superbowl win level of joy for me!!
Well so much for the Cowboys destroying the Packers.
Yeaaaa you were wrong bout them packers buddy!
Jordan Love throwing off his back foot was a thing of beauty
I’m loving the fact that Jordan love is proving rodgers and the media were wrong about him I remember when the media and Rodgers were really upset when the packers drafted him
THE DALLAS DEFENSE WAS ABSOLUTELY #HORRIBLE! 😳
Dallas does this every year, why are there fans shocked it happened again 🤔
that looked more like a shitshow than an egg
Dallas D gave up 48 and made GB QB look like ARod. Yea by all means give DQ a headcoaching gig.
Jordan Love balled out.
Offense and defense played horrible
You pay Prescott what you hypothesized and Lamb what you targeted they won't be able to afford an O-line that will be dominant...and that is the beginning of the end of this version of the Cowboys
Dak gets you a 7th rounder and a bag of athletic tape.  CeeDee get you a late 1st or 2nd.  Micah get you a few 2nd's/3rd's.  Take the picks and run.
He bout to cook him and Key
Cowboys trash!!! Skip Bayless throwing away cowboys gear!!! I love it !!!
The ONLY person the give credit we’re it’s due 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
You are amazing
Fact: Dak has the best QB stats of the last 6 years. Today 403 yards, 3 TDs.   Fact:  Dak pads his stats with garbage time TDs.   Fact. Dak is a playoff failure, a stat padder, incapable of handling pressure, not elite and a fraud. Why is this important? Because Dak cultists would use stats to justify the Cowboys not going to the draft.
The illegal hands to the face by Bland that reversed the 3 in out in the opening drive completely changed the entire complexity of the game. Maybe it wouldn’t have changed much, but if they made that stop and then scored, who knows what woulda happened. They suck statistically when they aren’t the first to score.
LMAO 😂 the most overrated team 😅
Sherman doing a show himself is a 100% better than listening to skip, irvin and keshaun
Dak gotta go, the reason we’re in this position is because you paid an above average qb 4 years ago.
I bet skip calls out sick as a dog tomorrow 😂
Sherm you better be on the first segment tomorrow morning. I need more than Keshawn
All the Cowboy all pros look good on paper😂
Dak is wack            -Whitney Houston
I feel happy with your words
And they're telling me this team doesn't have a single pro-bowl player???
I am a Packer Fan from 1964, I am happy, but I know how good Cowboy are. This is not  Zac fault, this Mike loss, just like in Green Bay he doesn't change.
Good stuff yo Rich we just started a podcast my daughter and I could you show us some love
Tell Lil Wayne he needs to do a new, Green N Yellow with the current players!
I hate the cowboys and love love love when they lose but Sherm is lame.. if the cowboys lose he is on here in 5 mins lol.. if his 49’s lose then he doesn’t show up for work and he doesn’t do this stupid podcast/YouTube thing for 3 days lol.. keep your energy the same no matter what team loses even if it’s your 49’s… anyways… on to the shitty garbage cowboys haha… I would not pay Dak… keep coach and get him a clutch qb
Dak can’t handle playoff football he’s shown that
What is it with people they get a channel they talk about the losers three times as much as they talk about the winners. This sucks.
Dallas had a creampuff home schedule all season.  That might've gotten you home field advantage, but that doesn't get it done in the playoffs.  Thanks, Richart -- great analysis of (yet another) delightful Dallas loss.
I wanna hear what Micah has to say on his podcast. He gave that DB smoke for his half hearted effort yesterday. I hope he keeps that same energy
How bout them cowboys! Lol
They didn't even get the face to 49ers this time
Same OL' Dak Prescott and Lamar's next
Dak had big stats, I guess stats don't tell the whole story, not very "Quarterbacky" today.
Jerry needs to sit down somewhere.
How is "toeing that line" working out? Long as they have Dak as QB n Jerry Jones as Owner, they will never compete for nothing no more than what you have seen out of them the past 2 decades.
so Dak was the 2nd best QB in the league huh (all pro 2nd team), well ok then, my niners will take care of the packers for ya boys...
As much as I don't like dak or the cowboys a lot of the loss is on defense.  They was horrible.
Dak sucks hes a season player and gets spooked in the playoffs , dak dont deserve a big contract . The coaches especiilally on defense side sucks.
Micah isn’t resigning with the 🤠 He’s holding out and signing with his favorite team the Eagles 🦅
Packers fans will accept your apology but this is not good enough btw. Respect the greatest franchise of all time.
Skip said, "Let there be cowboys...."... lol
Now let’s hope the whiners lose next
As a Dallas fan. I’ve always had the Ravens as my number 2 team. My AFC team. But 25 years now of this.. it’s really so so old man.. I can’t tell you how exhausting it is as a Dallas fan. I expected this.. honestly. But not this bad, damn. I’m legitimately thinking of making the Ravens my #1 team and Dallas #2.. I would like to experience what it’s like to root for a team that doesn’t end up in the same spot EVERY YEAR! Makes it not fun when you know what’s going to happen, ya know?
I seen Jerry on the phone with Bill
Why the coach, dak needs to go!!
Parsons got shutdown, and the pack did what they did… to take care of business
Oh just stop. Dak is trash. The end.
Richard Sherman the same hater that said we wouldn’t even smell a Super Bowl how them words taste now
I am pissed how the entire fox team including announcers and sideline team were rooting for cowboys. Even the referees. Last game in the regular season, Detroit won, they were cheated and even cowboy’s fans like skip bayless accepted.
🤣🤣🤣
Rich, you make the world of sense no lie.😂😂
Trey Lance is never the answer.
Pass on Prescott my man. Gots the yips
Cowboys need PrimeTime
Thanks for backtracking and giving Jordan his flowers
GET RID OF DAK... AND THEY WILL WIN....
Here's your bar:  Cowboys getting blown out of a Cannon: Wild 'n Out
Someone put Skip Bayless on suicide watch lol
How about them Chokeboys 😂😅
I wouldnt even call it a choke. They got blown out from the start. Regardless what the final score says...it was much much worse than the score would indicate.
Give skip and Ervin a ton of crap tomorrow! Can’t wait
No one is scared of the cowboys.
Way to go Sherm. Congrats on your show
Why iscthe dudecput on a niners hat over Seattle?! NO one knows he played for the niners!?lol
Dallas TRASH in playoffs. Dak Prescott will NEVER be franchise QB because he’s trash!!! By the way, Crabtree appreciates you wearing that 49ers hat 😂
Rebuild. If they pay Dak then I’m done.
Waa waa waa poor cryboys dak will never win the big one been sayin it for 5 yrs,HE CANT WIN THE BIG ONE hes just not good enough but keep sticking with him the belichick thing will never work jerry sticks his nose in too much belichick wants total control...fire and gas dont mixjust sayin!!
I don't like the way Richard Sherman is presenting himself these days like he has nothing to do but criticize everyone else. I wish he would just be quiet.
You been holding yo nuts all week it ain't good to go wit what everybody else pick homie
Skip bayless 😅!!!!
Didn’t you predict a cowboys beating Green Bay?  Gotta admit you were wrong
Bill Belichick to the Cowboys would be awesome to see
I'm not paying guys that can't win home playoff games.
I have never seen a team that will blow out terrible teams and strut around like they are champs like the cowboys.  when do they ever beat anyone decent?
Dallas was concentrating on the next game, Gave no respect to the Packers and deserve none in return.
Richard venturing into Stephen A territory. Look out...
Thank you cowboys for another hopeless season gosh I love it when you lose!!!😅
I'm a 49ers fan and I'm okay with how the Cowboys nearly came back against the Packers. 😊❤❤❤ Keep your heads up Cowboys fans. 😊😊😊
You have to do that booger check before you go on the air bro.
They need to dump Dak Lamb and get a real team lol they have Trey Lance
Why would Dan Quinn get a head coaching job after such a poor performance today?
see you would hope mccarthy would be fired but this has been rinse and repeat for idk how long now
Let’s be real. Cowboys overrated all season. Just because other teams they faced sucked harder doesn’t mean they did well. They were a 5th seed that lucked into the #2 because Philly gave it up. As a Cowboys fan, I predicted 9-8 in August for them. I posted last night that GB would surprise a lot of people today. I never bought the Cowboys hype because there was nothing with substance to back it up. They are what they have been for a long time now. And it’s the culture that Jerry Jones gives them as GM. They don’t have to win anything because Jerry puts them on pedestals and overpays them and holds no one accountable because he treats them like Super Bowl winners.
The Cowboys are an overrated franchise and its the mainstream sports media fault. Undisputed always open the show talking about the Cowboys, when there are other players and teams that are hungry and ready. That show talk more about losers than no other. I don't know if its laziness or infatuation but there are so many other topics to talk about. There is a chance that Jordan Love can face CJ Stroud in the Super Bowl. Two first year quarterbacks. Stop talking about the Cowboys & this wrinkled half dead owner and maybe they'll win someday.
Every time I see this guy all I can think about is how many grapes could fit in his nose.
CHIEFS DYNASTY
Bill Belecheck is coming
sherman over here acting like he hasnt been hating all year lol
Yall still hating and we lost!!! Take a hike!!!!
Once again we got out coached.
If you pay Dak you are an absolute fool.
Who was talking about you? CRABTREE
Oh well that way Jerry Jones can give Dak the quack more money!!!!
What will Micah Parsons have to say on his weekly podcast?? 😂
Its ok for now.
🚤💨🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀
Somebody tell me why CD Lamb shooting invisible arrows down 48 to 16? Dallas is a circus, Dak is a clown, and Jerry Jones is the ring leader😂😂😂
Dak is just a game manager, a very poor game manager.
Niners better be ready and NOT underestimate a young, hungry team like the Packers 😮...
You didn't give a chance .. kick rocks 1:01
Wild and out would be banger BAHAHA
Petttaaaa petty petty I love it 😅😅😅
You are always honest.  I can’t tell you how much I appreciate that.  You prove people can be entertaining and still tell the truth.  Keep being awesome Richard.
They have been sleeping on the packers defense because of a few poor performances and stats. They have the players to be the best and they showed up today. Jones and Love. San Fran here we come. They sacked dak with the sencond string in
Let's all be honest....Cowboys are average
You BETTER give Skip HELL Tomorrow 💪🏾😂
When you go see skip tomorrow. Do your dance bro.
Parsons was sucking his thumb the whole game
I dunno man.. you get 48 dropped on you at home in a game you should have won, against a first year starter and an offense of rookies and 2nd year starters... I'm not sure too many teams are gonna look at Quinn with open eyes.
McCarthy is gone defense is pretend
Richard! you and Key were right all year about this team!  I've been a Dallas fan since 78, and I  refused to believe all the hype about them.I  did not expect this embarrassment, though.
Thank you Richard for being honest!! Geez so many young 9er Faithful are delusional that beating GB next week is a walk in the park. Respect ur opponent...
I remember when this dude said Jordan Love was terrible and wasn’t gonna make it a full season
Dak isn't franchise 🤷🏾‍♂️
Dak is Tony Romo 2.0 period.
Can't wait to see what ship has to say
It would be an *honor* jf its the juggernaut 49ers that bounce us. I would be disappointed, but not sad at all. I'm so fucking excited.
Can’t wait to hear Michael Irvin Cowboys optimism tomorrow😅
I bet McCarthy gets an extension😂
Bro you have a booger in your nose!
Don't let Chip off the hook on this loss.
To everyone blaming solely Dak for that loss:  What position on defense does Dak play?
They were the winners of the weakest conference in the NFC. Who's really surprised that they were a flag away from limping in
Dem Cowboy's 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🤣 ManE 😭
Good to hear you put some respect on these Packers Sherm! Go Pack Go!
Houston Texans "representing" Texas in the NFL playoffs - how do you like them apples Dallas???  Hahahahahahahahaha!!!!
That is the problem, I would not pay these guys. All these guys he mentioned DID NOT perform nor perform in big games. I would get rid of them because obviously they are not good enough to win meaningful games.
The best Dallas can do is keep Dak and Mac. The have to restructure the roster . Get a real run game and some real linebackers.
Boy Michael and Skip are going to be sad tomorrow!
CANT WAIT to  see lil Wayne an Skip to my 🤣🤣🤣🤣
ROUT66
The Cowboys back up quarterback could have won the 12 games they won. Can't beat good teams.
Love Sherms post game uploads 🔥🔥
Are the 49ers gonna nuke my Packers, yes, am I just really hyped to see Love and Purdy on the same field. HELL YES
Jerry Jones need to dump McCarthy and Prescott and pick up Pete Carrol and Kirk Cousins.
Dak is awful in the postseason. 2-5. Him beating Purdy for all pro is an absolute joke.
I know we had a bumpy start uncle sherm, but once you wore the red and gold you became a niner for life!!! The Faithful love you man! We want you back on the team doing something. Niners fans miss you!
Micah might just leave with Dan Quinn to Seattle.
Hope your gonna be on undisputed tomorrow
Car wreck all kinds of ways to get rid of you just call hanks he can do it
Jordan Love throws the ball much better than Dak.  There is a huge difference in athleticism, coordination, and awareness.
9ers gonna lose too then what ?
Aye, you and Key are going to be smoking on that Skip pack tomorrow on Undisputed. 🤦🏾‍♂️🤣🤣🤣 I can’t wait. 🙇🏾
49er’s…I play man to man against GB. No Jordan Love throwing 50 yards off your back foot to wide open WR’s with db’s playing off. These weeks off let you heal up and focus. They will be 10x as intense…GB will get a rude awakening if 49’ers play them
Once again, Dallas pass-rushers failing to put up their arms & hands when closing in on the QB proves futile. A minute and a half into the game, Dallas DT#97 Odighizuwa closes in on QB Jordan Love but fails to raise his arms and hands and fails to give himself any chance of deflecting the football. Around a 30-yard completion to midfield results and the route was on. Then with 3 minutes left in the 1st quarter the exact same play happens again except it is Dallas DE#92 Dorance Armstrong failing to put up his arms and hands when closing on QB Jordan Love and thus gives himself no chance to deflect the pass either, and again around a 30-yard completion to around midfield results again, as Packers 7-0 lead would soon be doubled. Micah Parson also always neglects to put up his arms and hands when attempting to deflect passes. That was why Detroit had that 65-yard pass completion at the beginning of the 4th quarter in week 17 at Dallas, because Parsons failed to put up his arms and hands when closing in on Goff. The only Dallas pass-rusher who DOES put up his arms & hands when closing on QBs is #90 Demarcus Lawrence. That was how Lawrence created that INT at Washington week 18 with 1:47 left before halftime. Lawrence raised his arms and hands when closing in on Washington QB and that created the INT with 1:47 left in 2nd quarter week 18 at Washington. That is what Parsons, Odighizuwa, and Armstrong need to take notice of and follow, simply raising their arms and hands when closing in on QBs. Two Cowboy greats of tester-century, #72 Too Tall Jones and #94 Haley’s Comet always had their arms and hands raised in the air when they charged in on QBs and that’s why those two helped Cowboys make it to some combined 10 NFC Title games, six of which the Cowboys won. Leon Lett always had his arms and hands in the air when charging in on QBs as well. Even if you don’t actually deflect the pass when charging in, sometimes just obscuring the QB’s vision downfield because of your arms and hands in the air, can help your defense big time.
Here to say you were wrong again about CeeDee TD. But u were not wrong about us always fold under pressure!
I got love for u bro from the hood to Superbowl champion ❤
Richard forget u 😂😂
Two things are certain with the cowboys, they will play on Thanksgiving and they will lose early in the playoffs.
Hey Dallas made the history books🤔Good job giving them a ray of hope Sherm be sure to let Skip & Playmaker know on Undisputed 🤣🤣🤣
Respect! Never liked you in Seattle, but you’re smart, intelligent and good at your analysis.Cheers
Uncle Sherm I love watching your podcasts!!! Bangbang
As a niner fan I feel a lil bad for them because my dad is a cowboys fan but to get blown away like that somebody gotta go
Who’s sending post cards now?
Sherman is a tool.  He would not make a good coach or a GM.  Or assessor  of talent.
Man, it's hard to stay a Cowboy fan when they do this over and over again, they truly suck as an organization.  How do you make history winning 12 games for 3 seasons straight and lose early every year?!  What a shame...
The Packers are peaking at the right time. As a Niner die hard fan, I'm not happy. Great job Green Bay, anytime Dallas gets destroyed I'm happy. Bring it on!
🏈GO PACk GO!!🏈
What ya Sporting that 49er hat for bro?? Anyway that Young QB for the Packers Made Dak Look Old and Obsolete..
Bellicheck ain’t going to the Cowboys. He knows Dak is trash and will NOT go to a team where he has to coach Dak his way. Not happening.
You got my attention the first time I watched you. Hey great job.
GetM RiCH!
RICHARD SHORTMAN you look ridiculous with your 49ers cap It doesn't fit you and you're getting old.
Go Packers!
We dem girls 😂 bandwagon fans support them thennhate bad Talk there team Jerry jones fires everyone head coach.  He should fire himself       saddest team now 😂😂😂😂  honestly packers did the niners a favor.     #ravens for ever Real team
Remember on any given sunday for you nay sayer podcasters! Dallas down, cleveland down who's next? 😂
Penix Jr!!!
Here we go home 😂😂
FIRE THEM ALL.
Once again Dak Prescott is the problem not Mike McCarthy he's getting paid 50 million he is a Alex Smith getting paid way too much and it's beyond all recognition the coach cannot f****** throw the f****** football for Dak Prescott
as a Niner fan, I used to hate sherman. Now I love sherman .
They hated Jesus
I am definitely NOT a Dallas fan, but Quinn shouldn't get that job either.
I hope they do pay Dak because they aren't winning the SB while Dak is QB.  They can go for 40 years without a SB appearance.  :D
omgoodness  ... greatest choke team in the NFL - DALLAS ... lmao!
Next year fans will call dallas a great team again lol
Just say it Sherm, Dallas future in real trouble.  Cowbois gonna pay top dollar for mediocrity, them Bois need to get that bag.  That rosters gonna take a hit..
Man what a great way to start the week, even better to be living in the dallas area right about now 🤭
finally, you put some respect on THE PACK.
Go Pack Go! Love didn't let the pressure of the playoffs bother him in the slightest.
I'm glad you owned what you said early in the season.
Where you go?  Where you go?  Dak Preschitt 🤪🤣😂
Dak has a 60 M cap hit next year.  How the hell are they going to complete, if they have to pay Micah and Lamb?   Not happening
Nothing feels better than a cowboys playoff loss year after year
If you are going to do this be honest. Lamb is a 1 against bum teams not good teams. Parsons is not what you think he is unless he’s playing bums. You know it
Gonna be a lot of teams running to hire Quinn as head coach after watching his defense lay this egg? 🤔
Hope Mccarthy started to clean out his desk after this game was over.  Thought I saw Jerry in his box on the phone by the 4th quarter setting a golf date up with ol Bill.
Almost like dallas defense got paid to lose. They watching the packs just run free and dak is dak😂
As a Giants fan in NY, it’s always enjoyable to watch the cowboys do a choke job and watch their army of fair weather fans have another season ending meltdown.   That was great!!!!!
Sherm... imagine how much fun you'll have tomorrow with Bayless! Must see TV!!!
Looking forward to it 😊
🤣🤣As a Minnesota Vikings fan, I wanted both teams to lose.  BRAVO Jordan Love kicking Dallas butts in their home.
Trade everyone you need to. To the bears for Calab Williams
Anyone check on Skip? 😅😅
Luv you on Undisputed by the way 👍
Uncle SHERM is spot on…. I hope we can bring it home!!!!
I hope the Niners beat the Packers but if the Packers come at the Niners the same way they did today, I don’t think Purdy can dig them out of the hole the way Dak tried to 🤷‍♀️
I'm a big Cowboys fan here Richard, since the late 70's. But I'm not surprised and not dissapointed, as a matter of fact, I kind've expected it. 🤷‍♂️
Oh Skip gonna hear it tomorrow on first take cuz ya knowSAS is gonna grill Skippy wearing that big ass Cowboy hat and I can’t wait.
Yes get rid of Dak…he wins in the regular season! I’d rather rebuild
You counted us out 🧀 cut you up!
Love that hat unc
Dak choked again lol
This is not the same old Cowboys!!! This worse!!
Haha anyone check on Skip 😆😆
The choke artist never lets the world down 😂😂😂😂
I think the cowboys were still drunk from last night.  They looked terrible.
It was not a collapse, it was scripted by Jerry and the NFL
Remember when you said J Love sucked? Cool cool, me either
Dak🗣️🗣️here we choked “how’ bout them cowboys 😅
Bandwagon Analyst
was going to get on him but he’s a real man for saying he was in the wrong
Richard, why do you always sweep Dan Quinn’s defensive failures under the carpet and mention he will have a head coaching job? They looked HORRIBLE and had ZERO STOPS but you only ever call out McCarthy.
Someone explain to me how Dan Quinn turns this defensive meltdown (again) into a head coaching gig?  Blame Dak, but good grief...that D stunk
Dude, you called it a few days ago.  If the Packers can get out to an early lead, then a Dallas win is in question.  They came out of the locker room with nothing to lose, and won.
I want a apology from every sports analyst by 7am tomorrow
Can we all have a moment of silence for Skip Bayless
Yo as a eagle fan this feels right
LaFleur was dumb for pulling his starters that quick and hopefully he'll learn from that. I've seen Tomlin make some dumb decisions too so if any GB fans are on here lamenting that I feel your pain. LOL!
Micah disappeared in this game
Some1 ask mr 1 tackle wtf happened...im sure hell tell u on his podacast...im sick of rooting 4 losers every season...nobodys gna give it 2 u ..u gta go get it and none of em had a 🔥 in em 2nite..smh so tired of this 💩
Dallas defense never showed up
Love you Sherm!…..Cowboys HaHa…still a joke!
New Song: oops we did it again, played with our fans hearts, and lost in the first round.
Pray our NINERS  get their win next week.  GO NINERS🎉
Love this podcast! Thank you uncle sherm
Look at every game against teams with an above average defense. The Cowboys offense struggled.   Look at every game against a team with an above average offense. The Cowboys defense struggled.   Dallas collapsing in the playoffs was maybe the easiest prediction to make.
Dallas getting the 2 pt conversion only to negate it with a penalty then missing the extra point was such a Cowboys moment.
I hope tomorrow they let the 2 guys who got it right talk or will the 2 (Skip and Micheal) who were so…… wrong do all the talking
We got plenty of room over here on the Texans squad yall  come on down now🤘🏾
😡😡😡😡😡 CAN’T STAND THE FACT THAT U DESTROYING MY BOYS… like 🥷 ain’t already heartbroken 💔…. But MORE IMPORTANTLY I liked and subscribed…. 🫡💪🏾🏆💯
All the pressure was on Dallas.  Green Bay playing with house money + the disrespect spoken on these hungry, young men = dominance.
Richard S . You were right if GB puts up points fast and often that will be the way GB will win . Iam shocked . Total collapse of the boys lol. Wow . Two pick 6s in a row . That was ball game ! Crazy . Dak was horrified with his decision making . Horrible .
DODGERS OF THE NFL
Don't eat before your podcast or do you have acid reflux?
Good old Dak Pick6scott was in his most pure playoff form. He is the worst big game qb in the nfl.
Richard is the best punter for NFL games. Smart guy.
What's good Sherm? 😂😂😂😂😂
Bang ‼️ Bang ‼️ love the Hat.  Sorry DAL. BUT IT IS WHAT IT IS 🗑️
How about them Cowboys 😂
Way to own up to the bad take Sherm!  GPG!
Eat your words like you did that fist
I love that sherman admitted he was wrong
Mane, im about to go to bed and cry
The Cowboys got smoked like some Texas brisket.
Cowboys loss ✅ Now we just need the Chiefs to lose
"Nobody going to fear the Packers "
I doubt Richard reads these comments but I would like to tell him that I think he does a good job on Undisputed and makes the show better than it was before he got there.
What difference does it matter? They’re still going to lose with Dak Prescott, put the young man in and give him a shot, losing losing, so really doesn’t matter.
Although the Hawks came up just short and lost to Dallas, I thought they demonstrated to the rest of the league what it takes to beat Dallas.
The old guy is skip bayless get him Sherman !
Nice hat Richard!
Way to own your early words, Sherm.  Much respect.  So many don’t.
Uncle Sherm love all the Content!
I cannot wait to hear you tomorrow! Bayless is crying in his beer
Sherman why in the F would I pay  Lamb $35 million for F-ing what. That's you sport guys talking shit again. Pay them after they perform and not before. What the F did Z. Elliot and Dak bring you for all that money. Packers don't have a 35 million dollar QB and WR.
I love you that you own your shit talking! Not like Colin or any of the other guys who said Jordan was shit and packers would be bad!
Both Dak and Jordan had good QBRs this season, but somehow, Dak never brings home the bacon.
Dak will always be Dak..a liability. He ain't that guy in the playoffs. JR needs to Trade Dak and get a new QB, fire McCarthy and alot of the poor functioning staff.
💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾🤜🏾🤛🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾🤜🏾🤛🏾
You just said they havent beat anybody but Daq has a great record. Really? Your a hypocrite. Plus just watched a video you said GB didnt have a chance!!!
Snatched that chain and lunch money…. Then ate the lunch in front of them!
Dak Chokescott delivering as usual.
Same old cowboys same old Dak, time to let Dak Go.  Dak is no super bowl QB. he always crumbles under pressure and throws picks like candy in Halloween.
I love you Richard. Been a fan since your Seattle days. Super intelligent, well-spoken, and has tremendous insight into the game from both sides.
EAGLE'S VS NINER'S NFC CHAMPIONSHIP REMATCH
we know you're salivating.  you know the 49ers got the packers number.  they always stomp the packers in the playoffs.
Rich you were right
when Sherm talk I listen
can't wait for work tomorrow 😊😅
I said yesterday the key for the Packers to win in Dallas is to put the cowboys in bad situation they can't overcome them i was right
Tomorrow morning show it’s gonna be HISTORICAL!
Dan Quinn is trash
I guess Kellen Moore wasn’t the problem, eh?! Dak is the choke master!
Cowboys need to practice first aid to keep from choking all the time 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Dak need competition. He need to compete for his job. Cause he hasn’t prove tht he need to keep his job. Sh!t I’ll take Tre lance and figure something out. At least it’s something unexpected other then lostin in the playoffs every year
Dak is an absolute joke of a quarterback. Trade him for Russell Wilson stop blaming McCarthy
Cooper Rush for QB1
I’m scared to face the niners. Shanahan always seems to get the best of MLF.
I know Keyshawn and you will let Skip have it tomorrow.  Hahahah
Prescott hasn't played a reasonable or a game that mattered in a very long time he has not won goes to show being undefeated during the regular season doesn't mean Jack schitt😂
😂😂 can't wait for tomorrow to hear skip n Michael Irvin too hear those excuses
didnt even mention Aaron Jones and his performance and how it disrupted their defense from the start.
I never wanna hear Micah’s name amongst the all time greats again. Dude NEVER shows up in big games.
I know you and Wayne gonna cook fire.  Great video Uncle Sherm
Can't wait to hear your reaction next week 😉
You were talking all sorts of smoke about the Packers...looking like a chump.
Down go the Cowgirls…Dak…MVP…” most valuable pretender”.
Lmao im hear for it!!!
😂😂😂 can hardly wait for the song!  Hope my 49ers are ready!! Gbay is looking good
🎉Niners Faithful 🎉..,Bon champ '24
Dallas needs some changes. 💯% agree with you the head coach will be gone the expectation is not just to make the playoffs. Damn it at least make the game competitive to watch, Jesus Christ!
Dallas have no running game
cowboys DL was pathetic, no pressure on Love, he was able to do whatever he wanted. i sure hope the 49ers are learning from this game. Prescott was just throwing passes up for grabs, it was like he wasn't even trying to read the Packers defense.
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS
Green Bay Packers nice Dallas Cowboys suck the pack is back iam a Seattle Seahawk fan
I understand the value of dak winning lots of games what about the one that really counts 😞😞
I want to see skip cryyyy
Can't wait to see you laugh in skips face tomorrow
Dan Quinns defense just got embarrassed i don't want that back in Seattle sorry Sherm i know hes your boy but damn
Dak did his job……. It’s the cowboy defense that’s the problem.
Hey Sherman you picked the Cowboys, 49ers next and you probably don't think it can happen Dallas didn't think it could happen to them. 48-32
The question for Dallas is how badly does Jerry Jones want another championship before he kicks the bucket?  Does he want enough to swallow some pride and bring in Belichick?  And Belichick is going to want GM duties too.  Can he swallow that pride or does he stay stubborn. The Cowboys, as always in the post season look completely unprepared for the game.  Belichick excels at game prep.  If Jones did hire BB you could already make them SB favorites.  As a Cowboy hater, I'm glad that Jones won't swallow that pride and will just keep on going the way they have been. And Dak was sure elite...in garbage time when the 2nd stringers were playing.  lol
Go Pack Go!!!!
The Packers DESTROY the Cowboys and hand them their first home L in like 2 years 🤣🤣🤣 How is it that the Cowboys continuously LET DOWN their fanbase EVERY SINGLE YEAR?! LOL! It's crazy to me how they make people like Stephen A look ABSOLUTELY correct 😂 It's a shame lol...I just dropped a reaction to this game on my channel! Come check it out! Let me know what you think! 🤣🔥🔥🔥
“Y’all got the number 2 seed!! Thought that’s what’cha need!! 😂😂 You sneak dissing Sherm😂😂
Defense never showed up
Cut dak because we seeing that the new young black qbs are stepping up and killing it look at Jordan love look at cj come on they are killing it and look at Dak  loosing since he been there get rid of him and jerry. I wish some one would just buy the team from him
ALL FACTS!!!! Richard Sherman keep spitting fire my guy!!!!
The Cowboys losing makes the entire playoffs a success
Uncle Sherm!!!!!
Nothing I enjoy more than the Cowboys losing, but as a niners fan GB is scary.  That gane should put the fear of god into the niners.
Where's Mitchell? lol 😂
I put $500.00 down on the Green Bay Packers winning by 2 touchdowns and I wasn't surprised by the outcome. I keep telling my Dallas Cowboys homeboys who are Cowboys fans, on why do y'all love punishing yourself... Every year, it's the SAME EXACT THING‼️ Watch by the time that the NFL 2024 Draft is here, these same Dallas Cowboys fanbase will be talking about "WE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL [Insert Year]"
Uncle Sherm is going to be the loudest one on Undisputed tomorrow
Both of the number 1 seeds can not be overconfident. Houston and Green Bay are hot!! Both the niners and the ravens better be careful
You look at the offensive stats the cowpies numbers are better. BUT a lot of those good stats were put up with 10 min left in the game. It was too late by then. Take out daks 2 int and we got a better game.  In totality though the cowgirls choked. Let the firings and trades begin.
I have been a Niner fan since I was eight there's no way I'm going to give no Cowboy fan a hug or anything
she man dint you lose the superbowl with that team on your head🤣😅
That hat is sick! Where can I get one?
Let's see what skips mouth talk about now he need to stop with the mouth hahaha
Good job goat
Thanks Sherm! Love your podcast. Go NINERS!!!❤🏈
Harbaugh to Dallas?
All do respect Richard I don't think Dan Quinn stock improves as a Head coach applicant after his defense collapse this game 😂
Sherm my man... you gotta little cliffhanger  in your left nostril... real ones won't let there Dawgs roll on with a boogie
Interesting,  didn't this Clown say Love wasn't a QB? Well he better invest in Shovels because the Packers plan on digging for Gold next week. Nevertheless he's on Colin's podcast,  So they basically talk to hear themselves speak and not necessarily to be correct
Dallas didn't collapse because they were never on top...
I’m so glad your man enough to eat a little crow.
Dak is not worth the money anymore yea he put up good numbers regular season but when it counts who is he playoff time another Kirk cousins if that 😂
EWWWW 49ERS HAT!!!! 🤣👌
Hahaha! Great game! Refs still calling bad calls, though.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR TOMORROW 🎉🎉 AND DID MICAH MOUTHSON PLAYED🤔
They got Brokebacked!!  🤪
Cowgirl fans making excuses in all YT comments
Bummed about Dallas.  How the heck did they even make the playoffs? Darn!
They are called Americas Team because everytime they lose it brings happiness to all of America!!! 😁👍🇺🇸
Prescott sucks
The niner hat lol 😆
Cowboys fans are better off believing in Santa Claus... Season starts → Beat up on tomato cans → Fans get their hopes up → "We Dem Boyz! This is our year!" → Choke in the playoffs → Repeat.
Still dem boys? 😂😂😂😂😂
Jordan Love the truth
After cheating the lions out of there win in Dallas,  lookie, lookie, lookie
Don't pay Dak he's below average. Let Dak go. Daks going to want money he's not worth it he folds under the big lights
Hahahahahhahaaha i love it
I've only watched undisputed to hear you and KJ dog them out
Sherman, I just can't wait to see Irvin and Skip tomorrow.
Nothing better than seeing a first rd exit for the cowhoes
Can’t wait to see you DRAG Skip tomorrow 😂😂😂 go 9ers!!!!
Micah was a no show like he’s been the past few games
There ain't No truthier truth, than the Playoffs. All frauds are brought back to Earth, and weak schedules are punished. How many of those home games were against Winning teams, not in the shallowest division in the league? Good riddance. Bang Bang Niner Gang!
Don't waist your money on Dac.  Save it, put Lance  as starter and go from there.   He is Jimmy G 2.0.
Lil Wayne is a Green Bay fan?? How, why?
HOW BOUT DEM cowboys!
The only sad thing about the Cryboys/Cowgirls losing, that it wasn’t the 49ers that dispatched them 😂😂😂
I stopped listening to Undisputed because of Skip Bayless non stop cowboys crap and turning every talk to the cowboys....BUT , I will enjoy Skip Bayless crying his eyes out and maybe this time he'll burn his cowboys souvenirs instead of fake trashing it
🗣️LETS GO 9ERS💪🏻
Horrible play calling
Serious question Sherm….when Wak yells “HERE WE GOOO” where are they going?
They need to be called “Americas Joke” from now on 😂😂😂
They'll  never win anything with Dak. He is stealing money from Jerry Jones
Same old Cowboys, same old Dak Prescott, same old coaching. I told you Cowboys fans you guys were delusional and it showed tonight.
Dak could’ve thrown 5 picks today. It’s going to be Harbaugh in Dallas next year.
Skip about to be sick
I knew Dallas would choke.
The Niners created the blueprint for the league.   Both the Packers and Niners run similar offenses.
They need to get rid of dak
that was such an enjoyable beatdown lol
These Cowboy fans will be back next year delusional as ever!
Guess it wasn't their year 😂 I really didn't think the cowboys would lose to the young Packers but Jordan Love and the gang had other plans
Seeing him rep the niners after retirement is crazy
I stopped watching undisputed after Shannon left but I might have to tune in tomorrow to watch Skip cry
Its a tradition cowboys choke every year
Prescott always chokes 😂
Sherm a must watch. Always with the concise breakdown.
Richard Sherman is a niner for life and we "Love IT"
Dax is not the answer 😂
Every nfl team starts 0 and 0 in playoffs
McCarthy will be fired. But let’s be honest, if McVeigh/Payton/Shanahan coached this team, they would have traded Dak last offseason…
LOL  Dallas doing Dallas things and Dak doing Dak things.....Yeah.....Here We Go, Staying Home.  You guys will NEVER doing anything with that Owner, that coach and especially THAT QB.  They have a LOT of nerve calling Matt Stafford...Stat Padford.....THAT is ALL Dak does. Pads his stats and wins NOTHING...All-Pro my ASS.  Bill Belichick will NOT go to Dallas...he is too much of an ego maniac to live in the same building with Jerry Jones....He's going to want way more control that Jerry will ever give a coach.
Sherm, what's up with these NFL playoffs are blowouts?  Cowboys, Dolphins, and Browns all got blown out
Please go tell Skip don't cry tomorrow  and stop wining😝😝😝
I told the Cowboys and Eagles fans on UNDISPUTED that it was very possible that they could both get knocked out in round 1. One said it wouldn't age well.😅
Pollard not #1 rb
3:38 dak $50 million  wtf 😳 hell no
Love the emergency Richard Sherman podcast episode just to trash talk the Cowboys.
Just play rush and lance and draft qb
Lamb didn't show up
Richard Sherman. Always love your take on things. You're one of the best! Always enjoyed watching you play too. Thx for the great show.
I had packers 27 cowboys 20
Wow!
They still dem Boyz, right? 😭🤣🤣🤣
Cowboys stars did t do nothing.
Skip is crying poor man.
Sherman niner gang.  California
I really hate when he wears that God awful hat. Come on Sherm your better than that
atta boy green bay sent those preteders home!
Awesome Cowboy DOWN lol
Dak and mcarthy done gone
Dallas soft on the run and blowing coverages left and right spice it up with Dak throwing early costly int’s to end this early
it is so funny how everyone who acts like they know football is shocked...lol They do this every year. The Cowboys are not good.
I am so looking forward to your show with that older guy and him crying.   Richard as a niner fan I wish we had you on our team for your whole career.   Loved having you as a niner
Micah and Dak 😂choke artists in the playoffs. Both overrated!!  This was a disgusting loss. Abysmal
I'm so happy they're out of there.....💪🏾 Btw, I live in Dallas😅
Dem girls
Sherm with the truth and people gave him the haters label. Keep preaching
😂 that was the biggest choke job I've witnessed since I started watching football. My goodness Dallas
HERE WE GO! STAYING HOME COWBOYS 😂
Let’s go Niners.
You Rock Richard!
McCarthy is dead man walking! Fired for sure!
Loves the real deal! New era in Green Bay.
Love it Sherm!
Sherm was quick to get this video up lol.  Keep up the good work fam!
Let's go
