It's a game that deserves mixed reviews. It's not all bad. It's far from perfect. It's good. Not great.
Just finished it. I give it a 7
Expando Chapetro. haha.
Its currently 17.49 euros on ps store if aomeone wants to check it out
Personally I think the decision to focus on a smaller but much more detailed open world is what really sold it for me. Every square inch of this map oozes artistry. The combat can actually be surprisingly good and varied especially on the harder difficulties. Very much enjoyed this game from beginning to end. I wish they had a morality system, more personality for characters, and actual consequences for certain decision making.
Revelio!
Game feels like an escort quest and your the one being escorted. But overall worth buying.
They open up the last upgrade for your room of requirement literally after you beat the game… I think the expansions come way too late in the game.
It gets boring after 15 hours
I don't think the game's great imo, dialogue sucks, story is uninteresting, gameplay feels repetitive and the mc has the worst voice acting imaginable. The world is beautiful though, sadly not enough to keep me interested
I loved this review. I like that it was much more objective and pointed out what, both, you liked and disliked giving specific examples of how to improve the experience. This was beautiful!
When I am sitting at my pc I really don't want to play with a controller.  How is the experience people have had using keyboard and mouse?    I am thinking of getting this as it is on sale on Green Man Gaming but need this question answered and some others.
Finally got a chance to play it and it's been one hell of an experience!
still waited. just got it on ps plus for $21.  amazing game so far
This shit is a 5/10 Ubisoft game with a hogwarts coat of paint
I did not get this a year ago when it came out because I thought it was a Harry Potter game, and I'm not a Harry Potter fan.   I feel like maybe they'd have gotten a bigger audience if they'd made it a lot more clear in the ads that this is definitely NOT a Harry Potter game.  Even some of the other reviews I've read/watched refer to it as a Harry Potter game, which I find irritating.  I'm glad I waited a year and got it on sale.  It's half price, fully patched, and there are guides for everything anyone might want to do.  And I was surprised how quickly I adapted to combat; it feels a lot like a blend of Spider-Man and playing as a mage in Dragon Age Inquisition.  I love both those games, so this is a compliment.
This review is so "gang gang"
I’ve been playing it a bit, when I got a deal on it on steam. My biggest complaint is how long it is taking for me to get the things I came to the game for. I just want to fly on a broom, but it’s taken many hours of gameplay I’m not interested in for me to get to that part.
Wow you really said gta v was immersive
If I recall, it was this review that got me to buy the game on release, and I'm glad I did!  This game felt magical every moment I spent inside and I keep returning to it for new playthroughs.
I love this game
Got this on sale for 20 on Steam. Not really the biggest HP fan but it seems a steal at that price. 2023 was a great year for SP games!!
This review has more details than the game. Both are amazing.
I like your reviews
the game is the most boring game i ever bought 😂 , literally for kids 10/12 ages
Hogwarts Legacy is a masterpiece!
If I go about my life boycotting every company especially with food companies and grocery stores and things like that if I go about boycotting these things based on their personal beliefs of the head honchos of said places and food companies then it would make life very difficult to live in so I'd rather not do it
I thought this game was on current gen only. Fir months now lol. Cant wait to download and play tonight 😊
It's a directional pad nit a digital pad
I wish they had more spells. The ones they have r good but compared to how many there are in the harry potter lore, its just so little.
This reminds me of the greatest game ever from PlayStation 4     the inquisition
Down 97% player count on steam since launch. This game better go on sale during the steam summer sale next week or they can FO!
The characters are shallow and boring. The story telling is unoriginal. But other than that it is a great game.
Just picked up this game for the Xbox one. Performance technically isn’t great but still playable and I’m having loads of fun. This game certainly isn’t a 10 but it’s great and I’ve wanted a Harry Potter RPG since I read the books in real time as a kid.
Even on my phone on youtube, the graphics or gameworld looks insane.
Don’t get why there isn’t an fov adjustment option on consoles at this point so stupid
I can't get enough of this game. What they did was amazing. They created a gem. It's so immersive and just gorgeous. They did such an amazing job capturing the essence of magic from this world and just gave us a truly magical experience. I hope we get dlcs and more
Need an M rated Wizarding world in London or wherever they want but who wouldn't want to explore that world in spells or with the muggel world
This game just isnt fun imo. I start playing it often because it always seems like itll be fun but everytime i do, i end up exiting the game within the first 20 min for 2 main reasons: 1 the school sucks to navigate and 2 it feels like the game was made for young children
Ugh, did you intentionally make the most annoying, cringey looking tard imaginable ?
I disagree with "new" feeling. After few hours and initial amazement, game bored me to death with it's FarCry esque collectibles and meaningles sidequests, while also locking some content behind chores. Really, combat gets repetetive, there is nothing meaningful that unlocks it further, you just have your spells that you already have (except forbidden ones) within few hours, and that is all. Enemies don't pose greater threat, unblockables are easy to dodge, parry is too OP - especially when specced into. As much as I like depiction of HP world in this title, it's far from being higher than 7/10.
sadly my pc cant play it
It really is amazing how much they got right with this one. The PC port conveys the nuances of the console experience very nicely and it keeps all that satisfying snappy feedback.  I will be watching Portkey Games with great interest.  And for me, the best moment for me was when I got my first phoenix feather and knew right away that it would end up making the core of a very special wand.
So excited for this!!!! Ugh!!! Lol gotta wait til May now though since they pushed out the older console release date 😅😢
I'm glad they took their time with it but man I wish it'd come out around Christmas when I had some time off work when I could really sink some hours into it! I'm really enjoying it but it's for sure the type of game that rewards longer play sessions
Im not a harry potter fan, aint even seen all of the movies but as a game, this looks awesome. I would play this.
I was a little hurt when he only mentioned the movies and not the books lol
I'm waiting for a deep deep sale.
The game you describe sounds a lot better than Hogwarts Legacy. No seriously, Hogwart Legacy is not a fun game.
The dark arts shirt and pants combo it’s the coolest outfit I’ve seen in recent games.
Re-viewed this review after beating the game, and it's absolutely spot on.  There's so much to this game, and it hits both the references to the Harry Potter films & books, but also is just a really solid game.  As ACG points out, the combat is interesting and at times difficult.  The exploration isn't in-your-face with fetch quests sending you all over the map, it's subtle by making you want to find something you haven't found yet.  It's worth noting that parts of my map are still dark after having beat the game!
what a shitty and confusing title
Did you say we can’t unlock ALL of the spells?
The difficulty is out of whack. Way to easy on normal making it boring and uninspiring to do any of the open world tasks. Hard makes it far more enjoyable I just would’ve preferred a difficulty in between the teo
This review helped tip my decision to buy the game and I am glad I did because it is a fabulous time.  The setting feels so magical and the combat is a lot more fun than I had feared.  I'm not an HP fan but I do enjoy adventure RPGs (ala AC: Origins or Odyssey) and this was very reminiscent of that kind of game - but with a genuine Hogwarts world to do it in.  Nothing feels tacked on, here, and I have spent hours just exploring the school and its grounds - a very rewarding experience.
I hope you do a wtw on this game.  Its a visual masterpiece.
So glad this game turned out great. The devs did an excellent job with this and it's fantastic to see JK Rowling's world envisioned like this. Thanks as always for the thorough review.
Strange times we are living in, Gamespot is giving honest reviews and independent youtubers are the one's ignoring and barely mentioning glaring issues.
misleading review definitely one of the most MEH-diocre open world games on the market nevermind the unbelievably atrocious writing
I don’t like the movies but this game has made me understand y people like this world. It really feels like an adventur . Gg  Agree more customization lol
I won't buy it because of Denuvo. My loss, I know, c'est la vie
Would love to see a walking the walk on this game, anyone agree?
Ridiculously woke garbage. Hated it
Am I the only one that thinks the textures look very dated?
Fantastic, thorough review. I've heard they're making a sequel and possibly a TV show too. Very cool.
Other than the fantastic world design and the beautifully-made Hogwarts castle, this is a very boring, forgettable fetch and collect game. It is NOT an RPG nor does it have a real open-world. There is no way to interact with NPCs other than about 3 story characters that form part of the story. There are no interesting interactions anywhere to be found. Night/day cycle is meaningless, combat is.. OKAY but there are no builds and so nothing the player does has any meaning. You just spam buttons, walk from one location to the next to collect things and complete boring quests. Other than the design, which is beautiful, Hogwarts feels empty and lifeless. DO NOT BUY. Watch Youtube videos to take in the design of the castle instead. It's just not worth the money. It's one of those "lowest common denominator" games that are utterly hollow once you spend a few hours with it.
Kinda sad it is designed as "harry potter version of genshin impact"  Was hoping something like last of us story telling... i don't feel like a student of hogwarts, don't feel like I'm sneaking in the night, don't feel like having a classmate...  I'm 10 hours in and I feel like I'm alone the whole game.   There's too much collectible.   Too little connection as roleplaying as a student.  It'll be great if there is actual class schedule(you can choose to skip class or not, you have grading too), day/night activities(normal school in the day, sneaking and uncovering mysteries in the night). Make it like last of us linearity on days, and when the class is over and have spare time we can explore the world until we go to the bedroom and sleep. Have a companion system where there is like 12 character that we can bond and ask to be in our trio when exploring. Have their own special mission to unlock their abilities, etc, etc.  The world design is perfect, the lore is perfect, but the only thing the games really lack in innovation and ambition to makes us feels like a hogwarts students. The gameplay loop design are lazy, it is mmo level of gameplay loop in $70 game... what a shame...
The only thing this game is missing is multiplayer/online mode. Besides that this game is amazing
I wish I could grow a crappy wispy beard like teens try to grow
I noticed what you said about the soundtrack as well before I saw this video. I appreciated that about the game as well. I would hear a familiar chord arrangement, but it's actually an original score. When you said that I felt understood lml.
Finally I can go to Hogwarts again after many years since movies ended and games
The only part that disappointed me was I couldn’t actually become evil and join the bad boys.
Got 50 hours myself now. Think you're review is spot on. Cheers.
From a developer that was known for Disney games like Toy Story, Disney’s Cars, and Disney Infinity…. This is a MASSIVE LEAP forward!! Props to Avalanche Studios!!
I found this to be a bit... twee. Some of that is just the universe setting itself: an awful lot of people with privileged English accents in the Highlands of my country. Quality is definitely there in visuals, dialogue scripting etc, but combat feels really clunky imho: you'll be exploring, then get spotted by some enemies & have to effectively pause the game to look at their weaknesses & adjust a spell set. Overall it's not a bad game, but I got bored about two-thirds through.
I've noticed a lot of people are just giving yeah this is a game kind of comments nothing ever like oh this game damazing or so much fun it's always like want to play Harry Potter
Lots n lots n lots of details I feel a lot of others skimp on
I hope that this game serves as a foundation for later games for the franchise.
So far the beginning of this game has been pretty boring, 10 hours in.
Do you recommend buying for PC, PS5, or PS4?
Game background wonderful creativity Harry Potter magic
Some of the voice actings was just awful.. Joe brand for example
Polyjuice prolactin inhibitor is the funniest thing I’ve heard all year
You are the best reviewer.  Top notch all the way.  This game is hard to put down.
Am happy to see this game play like this
So nice video
Comparing the open world to a mullet was absolute poetry.
Playing Hogwarts Legacy was like meeting a long-time best friend, a kind of dream come true.
I watched this review about a week ago and was a bit suspicious of the cons. I bought it yesterday and played it a ton! I love it!   I came back to this review today and agree with this review 100%. The cons are cons, but negligible for me in comparison to the fun in having.  What I haven't tried is remapping keybinds (pc here). I like ESDF, and having multiple buttons within each is better. Luckily this game has the counter mechanic that the Batman series or Shadow of Mordor series has, meaning when an attack comes in, just hit the dodge button or shield button to get away for free. The character does move forward with every attack though, so midway to the end of the fight, you're standing where you're enemy started. Super annoying.  Spot on review!
Keep up the amazing work.
Very good video, thanks for sharing 🙂
Really didnt expect to 100% my field guide. But damn.. Im on 98%  51+hrs.  Never a dull moment..
I am not a fan of HP I think I only saw the first four movies and read nothing. That being said, I am curious if I would enjoy this game regardless.
Nice
Thank you Sir for an actual Hogwarts Legacy review of the GAMEPLAY. New subcriber here to stay.
I got a top hat too. Mines red with a feather though. Definitely cooler.
Wow
I love this game
I'm so happy to hear this kind videos
I'll wait for a deep sale 100%
I have one massive complaint about this game though. Why can't I sit in benches or change the day by sleeping in the house common room? Those small details would help so much.
Huge immersion tip for anyone starting turn OFF minimap tracking and only use the magic compass. So much better.
This game is very good
It's amazing and unique
I'm conflicted on one hand. I really want to get this game. But the world seems kind of empty?. Like the exploring part might be fun in the beginning but it'll get boring in a while. Is it really worth $60?.
👍
Thanks for the review!
i accidentally changed the voice not knowing it would robot, so now i just wear a mask and the voice makes more sense in my head.
I bought it because of this review because I normally agree with your reviews now I'm currently sending it back for a refund I didn't like it at all. Mostly it was the open world that I heavily disliked I was in awe the opening hours with hogwarts and hogsmead but the second I hit that open world and saw all the tedious easy boring tasks I lost all interest.
Can't believe I have to wait 2 more months for this 😩
Very nice video
Looks like they actually made a game based on authentic love and appreciation of an established franchise…. 👏 👍
This game has no business to be this good, I'm not even a HP fan and this turned me on to the lore and fantasy.
What a great game. The music was Amazing, the traversal through the game was on point and i loved the Skyrim style exploration aspect.
So your saying dont buy it then?
Very good games great
Nice video 👍
I'm so happy to hear the actual gameplay mechanics are considered top notch by all reviewers.
So Good
Thank goodness theres a review that isn't bogged down by the issues surrounding the IP. Great review of the game.
Not a potternut and open world is just not my favorite genre but I am glad potter fans have an actual good game to immerse themselves.
this is one of the few times i find myself not really agreeing with acg's reviews.   i find the game to be aggressively meh.
The game is mediocre as hell, and the story is downright bad. Like, there are a lot of scenes where the main character just stand there and let things happen then pretend to be shock about it. It's mediocre as best. If people think this game is a masterpiece, then you need to play more games like, dang.
Glad to report this game does support widescreen resolutions natively on the PC version and increasing FOV is also possible which is very nice.
If you don’t want to look ridiculous you can keep the attributes of a horrible hat but you can   Take it off in change appearance
I’ve never seen a Harry Potter film nor read one of the books but Fark Me this game looks amazing!  I brought a Series S Just too play Starfield in the future. Come payday I’m gonna have to break the news to my wife & kids that I’m a wizard now & I need some alone time
Just bought this game, and man are you on point with this review. I had to come back and comment. Having a blast so far! 👌
Must game
It's a great game and it's sad that people with certain agendas wanna downplay or ruin it because they don't like the opinion of another person. How much does the world have to participate in the self image of these people for them to be happy? Just live your life like you worked so hard to do and let people enjoy things.
I'm having so much fun with this game. When I'm at work all I do is think about how much I'd rather be playing Hogwarts Legacy lol.
Nice
I'm still gonna wait for a sale...
Can anybody confirm which, if any, HUD elements can be switched off? Cant remember the last time I even looked at a minimap in a game. I dont need the clutter bottom right either once I've learned the controls, and I really dont like highlighted enemies, and numbers flying off them every hit. First thing i do whenever playing a new Ubisoft game,  is switch all these elements off for a more immersive experience. Hopefully these devs have given us similar HUD customisation.
Nice video
Great review, as usual.  I did get a smile at how much you said the character creation all looked the same at the foundation, then you were that guy with the lean face in the top hat who I can confidently say looks absolutely nothing like my chubby cheeked black girl character.  But other than that slightest of observations, no complaints. That wasn't even a complaint.  I always appreciate how you cover everything from top to bottom about a game.   I trust very few, like maybe 2, reviewers to be accurate towards how it'll really be for me.  You're one of them. Forgot the name of the other guy, 😄. Jake something, he's pretty popular. Others would know.  Glad to see you've always kept your intergrity and never got lazy, phoning it in.  I don't care the slightest about the Harry Potter books or movies and this game is STILL great, even for a non-fan.  After the Just Cause 4 mess, I expected a bomb, not for it to be the bomb!
Did they pay you for this review? I played 40+ hours. Hogwarts is cool and the first few hours are interesting. The story is garbage. Like some of the worst I've played in an open world game. And you weren't "fatigued" at all?? Lol wtf this game bores you to your bones because it is the most bland thing to grace the genre of open world games in years. It is insanely mediocre with know risks and not a single interesting thing about it outside of walking around Hogwarts for a few minutes.
Good
Seems many of these issues were isolated to the playstation version. Series x no issues at 15 hours.
Your character looks like a pimp from Fable
Hello Yt video watching people
game looks cool but too bad im not into harry potter!!! lol yall nerds go have fun wit it tho 🤓😂😂
Great review. Thank you. I was on the fence about this title, but you helped me make up my mind to purchase the game. Lactos Intoleratus!! (a spell I always wished I could caste!! Ha!)
I really hoped it would hold strong in a 4 gb 1650Ti and a 8 gb ram set up but unfortunately it doesn't....hence i would miss playing this game unless i find money for a upgraded specs laptop or machine....
Can we just take a moment to applaud the quality of this 4k capture. Good lord, it's pristine!
Nice
sus
wow! nice game
PC version has an FOV slider, I set it to max and it's what I would call normal FOV, still not very wide.
where is the rating? can some1 tell me dont want to watch the whole video and it doesnt say at the end
Hi
This game is awesome. First game I've really gotten hooked by in a very long time.
The Incredible depth and absolute humor in this has won you a subscriber!
All cool but you still fight with wands and that kills all the previous coolness 🥲
👍
Game is garbage and short don’t buy it
should wait for it to be on sale for half price.
Honestly, hats of to you ACG. You had the balls and integrity to review this game based on what it is. A GAME. Why you are a true OG and head and shoulders above review sites and the "shills" on youtube who claim they're unbiased.
nice video
Nice game
Yes there is FOV on pc
It seems odd that no one is bringing up the controversy surrounding the sales of this IP.
Haven't started the video yet and already own it. This better be a Buy now 😂
You hit the milli again you fatty karak 🎲✔️
wooot, got the game too. Looks really fun!
Hogwarts game is very thrilling game.......play for relaxing.....thanks......
Props for having more journalistic integrity than most.
👍
The player customization would have been nice if they would have least let you change your wand hand /:
Thank you for the review! So it is worth buying. I’m sure I will enjoy this , haven’t enjoyed a game for years
Which graphics mode did you end up playing the most?
My only complaint is no Quidditch! Hoping they get that added in!
👍
♥️♥️
Great review.  I wouldn't mind attending one of those free love Wicca magic and music festivals!  The landscapes in these video captures in 4K look awesome!
Great  video
Such a shame it runs like trash on PC :(
As of right now I'm giving Hogworts legacy an 8.7/10. I still have maybe 8-10 spells to unlock and a bunch more content to explore, but I'm feeling pretty comfortable with the gameplay loop. It's feeling like a better Witcher 3 to me, that's a game I put about 80-90 hours into, whereas I expect to at least play this game a couple times. It's more impressive than I thought it would be for sure, and while I still prefer the exploration of BotW, the quests of Skyrim and the overall package of Elden Ring I think this is the best 'balanced' open world experience I've had. I've enjoyed exploration, I've enjoyed the characters/quests, I like the combat and the abilities, and I love the cosmetic customization.
Hey, 1 million views! Sweet!
Never touch this game is a snooze fest
trans rights
Imagine praising a game so deeply rooted in antisemitism, this is disappointing dude.
This game is masterpiece Like an amazing book that you can’t put down. My only gripe is that it is not an ensemble cast of characters. The friends you do make are rather one dimensional and uninteresting (as opposed to the professors who are interesting and original). I would have liked to see a system where you tackle quests with party members that utilize their abilities or support their character arcs, as well as relationship building in and outside of quests.
This looks cool
👍
When did "directional pad" become "digital pad"?   I need to know.
👍👍
I LOVED Gotham Knights and Saints Row. 100% them both and started an extra play through. I don’t know if I’m gonna like this game.
Free speach....they didn't bow the MOB
I wanta say I liked harry potter  Didnt love it like LOTR but I liked em seen em all multiple times But I'm 20 hours into hogwarts legacy And as a man who's played hundreds if not over a thousand games It's easily one of if not the best game I've ever played A legit marvel of engineering
Really good game!
Sale. Not spending 70. I'm just Gere for the castle, chracter creation, and common rooms.
For some reason youtube stopped recommending me your videos.....
Game of the year. Only a few cons for me, and its more knit picky. Like Where do all the students go at night? All of the dorm rooms are empty lol and theres a couple graphical/audio bugs here and there. Genuinely love everything about this game tho. 8.5 or 9 out of 10. Maybe even 10 out of 10 but haven’t finished it yet.
One of the things I didn’t like about Elden Ring is that there are many weapons but you have to pick one or two for a play through because you only get enough upgrades to keep a couple at full power for where you are in the game.  This makes experimentation only for die hard multi play through players.  With HWL I like how you can freely experiment with the spells, rather than pick one or two.
I would like a new Star Wars RPG similar to this.
I bought the game and refunded it, it seems fun but I am gonna wait for a sale.
I personally don't care if people buy the game, it just seems odd not to mention the controversy surrounding it, a video game is what most gamers and probably you would call art, and all art is political, we don't live in a vacuum, at least an acknowledgement of the issue would suffice. But whatever.
Great review! But i am the only one having huge performance issues while walking around  the castle? I have a pretty good rig but i still have frame drops from 72 to 22 lol
yes yes yes!! I'm SOOOOO glad this is a good game after all according to ACG YESSSSS! this will be the first game in about 10+ years that I will buy straight away rather than wait for a year to be patched and become how a game should have been to be released in the first place.
Its an excellent game
so whats the verdict? Buy or wait for sale?
Whish I wasn't to clumsy to play such games
17:26 NO ANIMALS WERE HARDMED IN THIS TESTING
I think the ones hating on this game indirectly are due to jk rowling. Other than that those actually playing this game are giving it a thumbs up which is great!
Sounds like all the nerds will be happy.
"Digital Pad"   It's "directional pad."     Otherwise, great review as usual.
Very good game
I'm not even remotely a HP fan, but as a game - this looks far better than I expected. It's hard not to grab this and give it a go.
I really like your review of a game straight to the point and no BS👍
53 hours, game complete. Its amazing. Buy it. Ignore the blue haired screeching.
thank you for doing one of your videos on this game, given all the... hubbub surrounding this title.  be well.
This game sucks, quit 🐓 ridding that broom stick so hard people:
laughed so hard at 6:13. that challenge was such bullshit
My question is, if you’ve never really got into HP is this worth it as a fantasy game on its own to purchase?  Never got into HP, nothing against it but just never have. Not really familiar with any of it. But I do love open world fantasy games. And this has been catching my eye
To anyone who reads this: combat gets even better as you progress in the game. With your entire spell suite active, you feel like a very powerful wizard as you skillfully combo and decimate entire scores of dark wizards.  And unforgivable curses just has an internal combo system in themselves and it is rightfully op as hell.
I've loved what I've seen so far. I'm about 15 hours in and I'm happy it's as good as it is. It's a personal GOTY for me, but it's still early days in 2023, so I'd expect to see a few others along the way.
My biggest questions: - How is repeatability? - Is there a possibility to roleplay? - Can I loose myself in this game for years on end, or is it a one-and-done deal?
Nice
I'll save you the time.... NEVER TOUCH, because the creator of the Harry Potter universe is a bigotted terf and actively denounces people who need support, the lead designer of the game was harassing people and was forced to leave the project & company! by buying the game you're supporting this kind of activity and it shows that you _approve_ of anti-LGBTQ+ rhetoric and harassing different cultures, because you're basically giving money to JK and that only encourages her more to write more of her hateful speech!
graphic are amazing, well designed. Combat is challenging and fun. 9/10
The story is rooted in anti-Semitic tropes. The gameplay feels dated. The graphics feel like they’re a couple generations behind. All the characters are one-dimensional. It doesn’t stay true to the established lore. Every character feels like an off-brand version of the characters we know and love. There’s no sense of place. No magic, no heart.
What about those of us that do not like Harry Potter? I really want to support this game for obvious reasons. How does it stand up solely as a gaming experience?  Addendum- The game looks incredible running in 4Kw/Ray Tracing on. I mean eye-popping did I just see that good.
I can't believe they didn't make this co-op.
twitter stans down bad rn kek I love seeing these people fucking cry.
Great review! This game looks better than I anticipated. I really appreciated your commentary on the music. A good soundtrack and audio make or break a game for me and I have always liked that your channel pays attention to that. Thank you for sharing.
I'm finna get a cracked version if one comes
Very interesting
Your narrative is FAR FAR FAR to fast SLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW down
I bought the game based on this review and it's so amazing, one of my favorite games ever.
These reviews are so helpful, but not for my wallet lol
Love the game and played it for about 15h so far . But lets be serios the game would have had a lower score if it was not for the woke outrage . The game is aesthetically beautiful but the dev's made a couple of very questionable game design choices . Here are a couple of examples:  - The popup screen that you abandon a quest in 15 seconds if you don't return to your companion is just stupid . A game that you play for exploration cant make the NPC follow you but it ties you to a small range. I was walking with an NPC several times and I would see some plants a little farther away and went to get them and boom the message to go back.   -The walking speed when you are with NPC  It changes from moment to moment either very slow until you move a little out of the range and then you move normal again but the NPC does not adapt its still slow and sometimes he just stops and waits for you to get back so its forcing you to just walk slow and not explore or do anything . Come on the Witcher solved this issue 8 years ago adapt the walking speed to your character .  -The revelio spell spam The design of the spell makes you spam it every 10 seconds so you don't miss anything or to find the correct way . After spamming and hearing the word revelio for over 1000 times I asked myself why does do game not make you just hold down the button so its activated . That solves the spam issue and does not go in the Arkham issue that you end up having it activated all the time . Even finding monuments and using revelio you see the scroll appear for a second but you need to go in front of it for it to take effect . This needed a little more thought put into it.   -Pointless collectibles I understand the  monuments that you discover those give you lore about the world and they serve a purpose to enrich the world . The ones that don't work are the pointless dragon braziers or the leviosa statues . This is just gathering the feathers from Assassins creed again. And after you activate them they even disappear they don't even serve an aesthetic point to make the castle more colorfully after you activate them  -Repeating dialogue . I notice that if you stand near an NPC it repeats the same line over and over every 5 seconds , even your character does this just empty words that don't add anything. The worse time for me was when you go in to a cave that a ghost sends you , every item you pick up he just repeats that the ghost was not verry thorough finding items . I was expecting after being hit over the head with that line over 50 times that it was  trap or something but nothing ever happens  , it just a lazy repeating dialog .  -Making potions its just waiting  So I have to wait 1 minute to make a potion with no input from me? why does this feel like a mobile game feature without the request for money  if you want to make multiple potions you just have to waste 10-15 minutes and wait doing nothing .  Like I said love the game but this is an 8 out of 10 for me , but this is a verry good blueprint for the next game . If they fix some of the issues the next one should be really good .
The spells: diverse and many combos The outfits: so much customization The story: grips you in first moments and just feels like a fantastic adventure Review: why aren't you playing this amazing game
i dont play hahahha so please give all the details of this BS story
The PS5 physical disc only contains the intro gameplay. An internet connection is needed for you to download the rest of the update and data just to run the game. The box cover does not state that an internet connection is needed but it does. Game preservation is out of the question for any physical console  release. Just a warning for physical collectors and people with weak internet connection.
I was in my late twenties when Harry potter came out I enjoyed them but not like a kid would, but I love a good RPG and this looks amazing so yep gonna buy it.
Good to see a honest review instead of left wing activists reviews giving in a one out of ten.
There isn't a barge pole long enough.
Wow
Its a shame they ruined a perfect game with wokeness to please the very people that are now (still) screaming for its downfall.
imagine being a Harry Potter adult
Come on dude, if you would have just blasted this game for the transphobic thing it supposedly is, youtube would have blasted you up that algorithm. Gotta sell your soul and go against what you actually believe and then youtube will love you. Start calling everybody racist, sexist, transphobic, homophobic, misogynist, toxic male fascist and you'll get promoted like you've never seen.   In all seriousness, glad you aren't doing that and actually calling stuff and rating these games like you see it. Keep it up. This is why I come to you, and pretty much only you, for my reviews.
Easily the best review out there on this game. Thank you!
My man, it is "directional pad" not "digital pad"
ohh damn it, i just finished dead space. i gotta get this now after watching your review
I enjoy the reviews that you do, but let's be honest, some of the things that you said are just nitpicking, this game is awesome.
Should I get this now, wait till price goes down or never get if I'm not a hige harry potter fan but I've seen it and I like magic and mysteries?
Hands down my favorite game reviewer...dude is like the MrBallen of game reviews...no comp!
Now THIS is a review.
I can report the PC version does indeed have adjustable FOV settings. It's still not great. I can also report as have a bunch of other users on Steam, the game has a ton of stability and performance issues. I can normally play Dx12 games with Ray Tracing turned on with medium settings & DLSS set to Balanced, on a 2560x1080 monitor 60hz RTX 2080 32gb ddr5 I5 9700k & on a Samsung 2TB Evo M.2 drive and I'm still getting sub 30 fps in rooms where I'm the only character on screen. And that's with ray tracing turned off. But otherwise a phenomenal game! Review was spot on!!
I was going to skip on this game because i had no real interest in the books or movies, but it actually looks really good and not just a "for kids" thing like the lego games which is what i expected.
Great review, just got a recommendation of your channel through a friend. Awesome quality, pacing and a very nice voice to listen to. I subbed and will look into the rest of your videos. If this is the standard of your reviews this will be the go to channel to watch them.
Directional pad*
How could there be too many fast travels?  Isn’t that an optional thing?
Elton John goes to Hogwarts.
Very good review!
After watching this review and then seeing that Wired gave it 1/10, I can’t help but feel they have an agenda. Appreciate the honest review here.
10/10 goty some one try n @ me
Wasn’t really interested in this at all to be honest. The reviews are so good and the word of mouth so strong I had to give it a shot. Will play when I’m done with work and very much looking forward to it.
nice hat bro!
Every. Painting. Moves.  Little details like that feels like this was created by ACTUAL fans, not developers looking for a cash cow.
how they done getting to Hogwarts is unforgivable.
I've been playing since the 7th and I love it as how fan I am well I did read the books and saw the movies, but thats about it I do like them, but I don't consider myself a potter head or anything like that, but man this game is good and the reason is so good is because is a new story based on the universe
Has anyone else noticed how extremely Japanese this game is?
what is it with graphics that just makes everything looks so extremely dry? as in no moisture at all. If that could be improved, everything would look so much better.
Man, I may have to pick this up
I'm sure its a great game...if you're 15 or younger.
Love that dope coat! :)
My biggest regret with this game is that I have a kid...
"harry potter themselves" how many harry potters are there?
Woe
AAA Review. I watch a lot of Game and Film reviews, god knows how I missed your channel over the years. Nice work Youtube 🤨
I also love using the room of requirement for your base. Males sense.
I'm so glad to hear this game is great out of box. The mod scene is going to pop off on this.
D-Pad doesn't stand for 'digital pad', it stands for 'directional pad'
Wired magazine just published a review with a 1/10 rating that calls the game "ant-Semitic". Seriously. Let Wired know how you feel about this travesty
Wow. The trailers left me totally uninterested. But this looks awesome.
Bro, that is a dope coat
Game of the Year right here
Good
I may have missed it, kids are always loud lol, but I didn’t hear anything about how some missions change based on your house, like my wife and I are both playing and her house was raven claw and the headless nick mission I had was replaced with an owlry one
This looks far more impressive than what I expected. Gonna get this one, I think... which is rare these days.
How is the combat? From what I've seen so far it looks very basic and dumbed down compared to games like elden ring and dark souls
As a person that hasn't read the books or seen the movies would the game be fun to a person like me without that connection?
just be prepared to be forced to have Denuvo on your setup, that's what the steam page says
I'm glad its a good game but I still have to wait at least 2 years or more until it's on sale for a sensible price.
Right... Who wants to buy me this. 😄
Dunovo DRM confirmed.
👀
Awesome video man. Hope you do a Walking the walk video for Hogwarts Legacy.
I've never watched or read anything Harry Potter related could I still get into this game?
If its a buy for acg its a buy for me!
Harry Potter “themselves” lol what
So strange the gaming world we are in that a game actually releasing and for the most part working and being fantastic but it really does deserve credit
Yeah, I’ve been waiting for this “review” for a long time. I don’t trust anyone more than ACG when it comes to honesty and depth. I’m not even a big Potter fan but goddamn it looks incredible, glad to know it lives up more or less.
Good I was afraid it was going to be a destiny 2 lite.
wonderful video like harry potter
Thank you for this review. Loving this open world!!
Game looks dope
This is the first game I've bought day one since Fallout 4. It's downloading now, and I actually feel excited for a game. Haven't felt that joy in years, and I don't even like Harry Potter that much but this game just looks beautiful and fun.
I’ve been playing in early access and this game is blowing my expectations out of the water. If you’re a Harry Potter fan get it. If you like great games that don’t hold your hand. Get it
Never watched Potter and this game is still good.
Great Review.  You did well to be thorough but yet not really spoil anything.
"Muggledown Snickerdoodl" love the name 😂
Looks good. Shame I'm not about to give money to a bigot.
my only problem is that they should  have giving the player the choice to do mission with house mate as back up
Trains and (((them))) punching air rn
Can I play broom stick football or not??
7/10. I DEDUCT 2 FULL POINTS for not having the ability to set run to toggle on or off.  Constantly having to press down on a joycon stick in order to run is painful for my hands. Especially in a game like this were you run around so often.
Finally, a guy who doesn't play as a woman
*sighs and gives crazy JK Rowling another royalty check*
The Fov was probably my only complaint. That and the fact that you don't really get a group of besties that you can travel around with on your journey.
I haven’t noticed any loading screens on doors on my ps5 and I’m playing on the highest settings.
These guys should do lord of rings next
This reminds me of fable 1 and 2
It was very nice not being slapped in the face with a cash shop. I actually get cosmetic rewards for playing the game, What a new idea lmao. The storytelling is great. Exploring is great, combat is fun. Love it.
Game is awesome. Way better than I expected.
Am I the only one who thinks the gameplay and interactions lack a certain level of….depth? Don’t get me wrong seems like a decent game, but after watching streams it seems that every dialogue piece  outside of cinematics has a certain level of robotic mindlessness. Like they’re just spewing information at you that you don’t entirely care too much about. Watched several hours and the world doesn’t execute that shock and awe magic that the films can bring. Seems too….videogamey for lack of a better word. Needs more emotional and cinematic depth. I think we had low expectations with the game being a flop, but now that those expectations have been curbed, it’s now receiving a certain level of overhype due to being better than our already low expectations.
Oh the elder scrolls oblivion days where every door you opened was a 1 min loading screen lol. Now 1-2 seconds is a crime haha
I would love to have game where you go from student to adult wizard/which.
Bro did you say "Gang Gang" at the end? 😂😂😂😂😂😂  come to the BBQ
It's kinda hard to believe that this game is finally here, and that it's actually good. Despite the attempted boycott this could end up being one of the best selling games in several categories, but certainly of the year, or the past few years.
Excited to play this. GoW was the nail in the coffin for "rpg lite" mechanics, I was exhausted by the end of that game after trying to get all of the areas completed. I hope this game is more interesting and varied.
I have this game on PC and I absolutely love it  it works extremely well once you customize your keybimds a bit. Especially if you have a 12 button mouse. I have all of my spells and spellsets set to it and it works great
Not a fan of HP, but this one is looking nice. Will keep it in mind.
Just adding a comment to make the algorithm like this video more, because it deserves it.
Does it make sense if you absolutely _nothing_ about Harry Potter? I'm kind of jealous for people who are fans of this world. Seems a very good AAA game, which is an increasing rarity.
I don’t even care for Harry Potter that much and even I want to play the game just for the magic and exploration. Thanks for the review
Watched the video 16 times to hopefully be part of getting you to a million views.
I'm not even a harry potter fan, but after watching a few streamers play this i thought it looks fun as heck!
You can change FOV on PC but it doesn’t look good in my opinion! It looks like I’m playing through a fisheye lens.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THIS GAME SUCKS. BOOOOOOOOO! disliked this video
I have seen gameplay on Twitch and from what I've seen; it's beautiful, the world vast, face reactions and models characters are outstanding. Trust me this game magnificent.
The game is incredible. They truly made the wizarding game that fans of the series dreamt of as they experienced it as a kid. I'm not the biggest hp fan, but this game is truly special
The Graphics quality of the game is mindblowing with the nice storyline, Thanks for sharing with us. Lots of love to you from India.
The care put into this game is unmatched.
I choose to play on the hardest difficulty and the game doesn’t pull punches. I lost multiple duels and against an early game boss and still need a lot of practice.
I knew this game was going to deliver, but to see this review.. my excitement has reached a new level lol.   Great job
About 18 hours in, and im absolutely loving it. As someone who has always enjoyed Harry Potter, the little touches/easter eggs are really good.
The fact that this game review has nearly 500 thousand more views than god of war ragnarok is very telling.   It absolutely solidifies the notion that the wizarding world has more draw than even the BIGGEST most impressive video game ips.    Then seeing other outlets shrug it off like it's just some neich thing that  means nothing. Lol this is the biggest release of the year. Maybe only shadowed by the new zelda and  honestly....probably won't even be..
First dead space and now this ? Great start for 2023
I respect one more for covering this game honestly and not getting into the politics. This is not what we do.  And this seems to be a full review of all good and bad. And it seems something for me.
Something just feel off to me. It's like the graphics/colour seem overly bright/washed out.
This entire game is every skyrim mage play's dream of how college of winterhold would be like
Man, I'd kinda like to get Hogwarts Legacy, but I also really wanna get Wild Hearts, Sons of the Forest, and Atomic Heart, and I don't know if I wanna spend upwards of $260 on video games for Just this month alone.
I think the DLC will be quidditch. Also there are gaps in the north west corner that they can put some new dlc maps
Being honest I haven't saw any HP before. But I gotta play this game, looks amazing
How are people getting this game already?
Wow very wonderful thanks for showing us this
👍👍👍👍
good. I’m happy!
The game looks fun, but singleplayer games are to expensive and I'll much rather just play it cracked.
Casting spells looks stupid when fighting groups. Why don't they just come and whack you with a hammer
I can confirm PC has an FOV slider  great review!
The game isn't the best from a combat perspective, the talent system seems a bit lack luster in comparison to a lot of other RPG's for example, but there are for sure two types of people that will love it. If you 1.) Are really into Harry Potter or 2.) Are really into super detailed exploration and puzzles. If you go into the game expecting Skyrim or Witcher or Dragon Age, you won't get that and will be very dissapointed. Its the most incredible Wizarding World game first, an enchanting puzzle and exploration game second, and a fun combat experience third.
Getting the 60 is real tough from me. Wait for sale.
Thanks for your reviews buddy keep up the good work peace out gang gang
thats a lot of tantalizing....
It would be even better & more hilarious if they made the wands into guns.
I'm no Harry Potter fan but this looks awesome, I will definitely check it out at some point
Amazing review of this game, just came across your channel. I’ve bought the game and subscribed, thanks so much for this as it was very thorough.
Thanks for the review. It showed me that this game is so heavy on combat that I know now it is not for me.
Looks great, but too expensive for me, will wait for sale.
Can't wait for it to come out on PS4
Hard pass.
You guys have literally recreated my best friend as your main character
I don't know a thing about Harry Potter, Mugglestuffs, or Huffymuffs. But, this looks like a quality triple-A game that I might actually enjoy. If it makes it to PS+ I'll probably give it a go.
As not a fan of the movies (at all… let me honest, I hardly made it through any of them)… This game has been SUCH A PLEASURE to play!!
Nice hat 9.95/10
I'm not sure if he mentioned it but I think what would make this game fun is if you had your own sorcery room where you create your own spells and armor and collectibles and trophies hanging up.
The problems with you, sir. You are very good at review. I guess I need to empty my wallet now.
Game of the year for sure
"But but leftie Twitter told me this game is a gen0c1de simulator! Are you saying they lied to me?! Reeeeeee!"  Lol seriously though, thanks for the honest review. This game seems like it's what all the sane people thought it would be, i.e. a normal video game.
game looks dope.
The opening scene/mission with the thestrals showed me the care involved in making the game while simultaneously making me feel like I was on a mission with dumbledore
I hope you don't get harassed and have your sponsors harassed for playing this game.
Great review, game looks great!
I love that this game is being so well received and is estimated to be an absolute smash hit
This game is amazing! Apart from everyone addressing your character like they’re scared to assume my gender when i clearly chose a male at character creation. Seems like a sell-out move to make a very small minority of people happy. But other than that and the tavern keep, perfect game.
couldn't agree more on the cons. that FOV was the first thing I noticed. but I will say they have a SOLID foundation to build on...If and it's a BIG "IF" this company like many before would just LISTEN to the people who's going to line your pockets with money. they could run Hogwarts legacy until the owls come home
💜❤🤍❤💜
I can't wait to walk with the exaggerated swagger of a hogwarts student 😄
I wanted to watch all the movies again before I played this as it's been like 12 years but i don't think im gonna have the patience to wait. This game looks incredibly fun! It's really too bad it's mired in controversy online.
Never heard anyone talk about vibrations being a + , I hope it’s not as noticeable because I have to play with vibration off
Only issue I have with this game is that buying directly funds JK Rowling. She own the trademarks and copyrights, and to use such in a game means she gets a cut of the profits. Game looks amazing, but I'm not giving my money to that British Jerk
Thank you for providing an in-depth review that doesn’t spoil specific moments of the game. This is very rare these days
14:00 Luckily, that tight FOV is not at all a problem if you play in UWQHD.
Can I play this without watching the movies?
Go buy it. Its super fun. And pisses liberals off. Double win.
The PC version has an FOV slider and the range is listed as -20 to +20
Hzjns
I’m going full evil mode, Voldemort is nothing compared to how I will play
Awesome review Every thing said on point
Yes this is making me more excited
The biggest issue I've noticed for PC performance is they are using a super outdated version of DLSS which can be updated fairly easily. So they should have just done it. It fixes most of the performances issue on PC, at least those caused by the game
Excellent work ACG!! Will be picking up a copy soon.
I went out with Susan from YouTube, and my hog warts have been inflamed ever since
I'ma guess this is on UE5. Looks great
Lmao you look like a Mississippi pimp with that top hat and green glasses lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Avalanche earned my trust with their take on the Mad Max franchise, I’ll be buying this game day one, can’t wait!
Definitely the biggest surprise was the combat and it being actually fairly challenging  I REALLY like that the difficulties aren't just health increases and are literally just better AI with more interesting encounters
If anyone cares, yes you can adjust the FOV on PC.
This game is awesome
Mods are going to be wild
I’ve been burned recently on preorders (looking at you, Saints Row), so I’m beyond thrilled this is one preorder that’s gonna be great. Preordered the regular edition but after seeing all these positive reviews, I treated myself to a digital copy of the Deluxe Edition just now, too.  So, so happy right now.
I'm really not into Harry potter at all. But this does look like it's likely to be fun.
I was on the fence on this game. I was also on Forspoken too. Given SE mostly incomplete games by far is just heart breaking. They look nice but I'm afraid of the story and narration. On Hogworth, not a Harry Potter fan, i was intrigued of the battle system and the lores of it. It seems like the developers put more contents than provided which is a plus. I don't see this often in 7th generation and beyond. Most provided contents are on 4th-6th generation of gaming where developers and publishers push more contents to persuade the buyers of their products.  This might win an award later on.
I always check here 1st on reviews....and Imma gonna get it...thx👍🏻✌🏻
Idk, it certainly feels like RDR 2. Im not a huge fan of Hogwarts and stuff, but the game itself is intriguing. I'd put it there with RDR 2.
Expando Chaptero was great lol
How does replay value look for this game? Is there enough variation in choices or gameplay that warrants a second or third playthrough?
Gang gang 😂
I'm going to become the most successful Hufflepuff the world has ever seen!!
11:51 "It's not a prize, it's a surprise, and it's a bad one" 😂
I like the game, I usually buy new games after I see positive reviews, this time I didn't watch a single review and told to myself that I have to try the game, I know I can have fun, and also a new concept, a breath of fresh air, I love it so far.
Thanks!
Love your reviews. Thank you!
Question I have. How much fun is it if you find the Harry Potter movies incredibly boring?
The game seems fun and all but I'll keep dreaming of having something like a world of warcraft mmorpg, with a lot of spells, and evolving history. Sadly that idea it's too expensive to produce 😔
I wish I liked Harry Potter, but it just awakes absolutely no emotions in me..
My favourite spell was definitely “Genderus Dysphorious”. It instantly creates a strong gender Dysphoria in any trans person.
I'm glad you said something about how the avatar always looks same-ish. I know videogames always use pretty much a similar character base, especially if they use digital face scanning, but in legacy they seem very "Gooback"-ish. 😅 It's like, the characters aren't diverse at all, you can just change how long you've been tanning. 🙄 Oh well.
I knew the game was gonna be great but I didn’t want to preorder it before ACG reviewed it. It warms my heart when someone mentions ( for this occasion one big twitch streamer watched your vid) ACG.
Everybody is playing this game i feel so left out...
I’m about 7 hours in and it’s great. It barley feels like I’m getting started
Good
First game I've been genuinely looking forward to playing since, well, the latest COD Modern warfare 2. Strange comparison I know, but not if you look at it from a graphics and combat perspective. This just has much more magic to it (pun intended). In terms of self-created story, this has incredible potential. Great review as always ACG. This is why I am subbed and seem to always like. Keep it up brother. Well Done, by them and you.
What? You reviewed a game on it's merit and dared give it a good review? TRIGGERED! CANCELED AMNFPSDMFMSPMFPSMFPWEF
Been with you a long time; never disappoint.  *Great review* once again. Thanks
Ehhhhhhh
i keep seeing people bashing it on social media, one thing is that the story is antisemitic,  most of it is about JK of course
Awesome gameply video
I watched someone playing this last night and I was shocked at just how bland it seemed. Hard pass for me.
Buy, wait, never touch? Sounds like a hoarder to me😅
Thank you for being the only review I have seen or read that has not brought up the JKR woke nonsense.
I guess the copy you recieved didn't have Denuvo, huh? What a mess of optimization ffs.
You can change the FOV on PC but indoors it doesnt matter. ITs still fucking close
You can keep it then lol. But that’s if I cared. If it’s filled to the brim with trans propaganda I’m not gonna play it. But you always should give credit where credit is due. Even if you don’t support something. But apparently trying something that has opposing views or was created by someone who is that way, it’s wrong?
The personality in the faces blows me away! Little details that other devs AHEM UBISOFT would avoid, Avalanche did and it makes all the difference. Loverly!
Sounds like a Forspoken game... This is complicated...
Granted, this is for HP fans. Yet an even more niche audience, that being, ones that enjoy magical based characters. Not one to make predictions, do not see this down the line as the MMO  everyone craves. MMOs with different classes, and/or even multi-classing, and/or cross-classing will gain a bigger audience. Yeah, it will come swinging out of the gate, eventually it will loose steam. Honestly though, ask yourself, for those  of us that like to play the tank class, barbarians, fighters, paladins, and clerics even, would I want to be caught dead flying a fucking broom in full armor.
These reviews are the best man, not too spoilery and give the info I need. I genuinely thought this would be another boring Ubisoft style open world with millions of icons and dead world, but this review convinced me to buy it.
Lol boycotting a game because of a person said that women and men exist. Imagine that
Best game I’ve played in months
It’s honestly amazing so far worth every penny
Will you do a story review at some point?
The game looks a little too cartoony, especially the enemies
Not a massive harry potter fan but this game looks very interesting and worth getting i would say. Much better to spend 70 on a game like this than short 8-10 hour games
I hope we get some new books out of this little revival in interest.
I just wish Rowling wasn't a terrible person
I dont play anti semitic games created by transphobes
The correct answer is always wait for sale
I'm not a huge harry potter fan and this has never been on my radar but your review has gotten me interested. This is probably one of the only channels I can actually consistently trust for elucidating reviews, thanks.
I wish this game had MP. The co -op in this game would have been super fun. Still bought it though. Can’t wait to start it.
I was really skeptical that this game was going to be trash, I am glad I am wrong. I saw the dumpster fire of Forespoken a mile away but this still sounded too good to be true, hope it sells like hotcakes.  And to one of the few men I still trust for reviews, Karak. You're a gem.
Thanks for the review vid 🎉
This is such a bias review.
Ugh, loot.
wont be buying this due to JK rowling but i do hope its a good game and people enjoy it
Awesome game!! Just bought it
do i have to know a lot about Harry Potter to enjoy this. Im not really a huge fan, seen the movies and they were fine. Will i be lost if im not deep Potter lore
I don’t think there’s a single other reviewer that can influence my opinion so quickly. I went from not really interested in this game, thinking maybe I’ll pick it up some day when it’s cheap to currently downloading the digital deluxe edition.
30fps and 85 fov yeaaa it'll be a pass...... its 2023 ......
why do more games not have fov slider? every game needs it imo
It’s awesome!  Great purchase.  Haven’t enjoyed a game like this in a while
Such a fire game and NO i do not fear trans they are all softer than charmin toilet paper
They went out of their way for the fan base, well done
The only review I was waiting for
Wow close to a million views! 👏
Alright now I want to see these developers take on “The Lord of the Rings”
Game looks great, can't wait to play it.
This game is actually amazing. The combat is so good. It really makes you feel like a strong spell caster. The block and parrys and flashy spells and color usage. The combat is so good.  The world is so good. The everything is good
As for the FOV issue, ACG mentioned that his character being really tall makes the fov problematic at times. My character is a girl and I could swear she’s shorter than most people. Are the male and female characters different heights. Does anyone know?
Oh man ... I have 10 hours in, this game is the near perfect Hogwarts experience. The only thing I would complain about is the NPCs who are pretty much non-interactive outside quests. That's a constant bummer when walking around in the school. RDR2 has spoiled the average game NPC for me. Anyhow, a great game from an exploration standpoint!
I've unfortunately already committed to preordering WWE 2k23 this month and this will not make my budget. I still have to get GoW 2 so for me this game will probably be a Christmas Sale purchase. Its a good thing I'm a patient gamer.
This tripe of a game is about as open world as the palm of my hand, you have a few paths to walk down that's it. It's a typical modern day sludge rpg copy and past combat just with a different story. The combat is terrible the world bland very bland, it is a game that belongs in the dumpster.
It’s a great game! Twitter and redit people calling me a tranny fobe for playing it is a big bonus  👍🏿💯
Awesome game - nice rev
10+
( Gang Gang ) 😆 just like Theo Von.
I would say on principle this game is a NEVER TOUCH.
Thank you for being brave enough to publish this. I am anticipating this game now more than ever.
Nice review!
Sorry, may have missed it, but what did you play this on?
When will developers get that way point overlays in the game world break emersion. We aren't all retarded, a map will do.
The game is brilliant but I do have a few complaints: The map is really confusing and hard to use for me A lot of the game feels very confusing  Having to redo your appearance and manually equip every new item is really annoying The game feels quite slow (I’m only 8 hours in so this might change)  These are not at all deal breakers and I am loving the game but these are just the main issues I am finding
it is see very cool,  i lke it
Muggledown Snickerdoodle is like if Benedict Cumberbatch was in Harry Potter...  This is the best name ever.
Steam version is utter trash. It doesn't matter if setting are ultra or low  Cutscenes play at around 15 fps the rest of the game at around low 20 fps. I will and can't play till day 1 patch. After that I will consider a refund.  3070 I7 10700  32 GB RAM
This game is amazing!
Looks like a great game! I’m happy for the devs.
“Expando Chapto” 😂
i enjoy listing to your reviews at work even if im not interested in the game lol. i mean that in the best way
Best game reviewer, bar none!
I haven’t read the movies yet
I can’t wait to play this game.
Wow. What a pleasant surprise. This was the first time in years where a game actually wasn't too good to be true.
Seems like a good game and all those horrible people who were trying to boycott it because of JK R I guess will have to go cry somewhere.  Unfortunately, as harry potter is a kids thing I couldn't stick this out, just hearing the kid saying the names of the spells at the end makes me cringe.... Maybe there's an option to turn that off?
As a person who's grown up reading the books and playing the games, I'm so happy to see how well this game was made. It's complex with it's dueling system, you get freedom of exploration but also the fun experience of going to school with adolescent witches and wizards. It isn't perfect (no Quidditch?) but it's a damn great game and makes you feel like you're apart of the world.
Subscribe if you love gaming videos ❤️💯
Low FOV is terrible.
Its amazing to me people have jobs to play the new games
"My brand is me , my sponsor is me ..."   🤘🔥
It looks way better than I expected :) but waiting for Wayfinder
Appreciate you keeping to honest  game reviews and leaving political opinions of anyone out of it. I unsubed to ign because they want to review games with a bias because of politics giving good games bad reviews if they don't  and bad games good reviews if they do align with their political views.
another great review, thanks!
Its crazy to think that a development studio who's last game was Cars 3. Was able to achieve something like this.
Buy, looks great, in spite of the losers boycotting it.
Is it as hard as like Dark souls or Code Vain?
I've just pre ordered the Deluxe Edition. Can't wait!
expando chaptero! rofl
The only review I trust
Gang gang!
Looks fantastic. Preloading now.
Wait... HL is actually good?!
You ask me to look at your coat when you got a green Mad Hatter tophat on.
"Expando Chaptero" - 😆
You know what's better than the game? Your drip. 👌
Very great review. I am so happy to see you not mentioning anything regarding the controversy behind it and focused on the game.
I wasn't THAT hyped for the game, but, after watching this review, hmph. Thanks once again for your invaluable review ACG!
ACG is to games as Jeremy Jahns is to movies for me. I always generally agree with the reviews and wait to see them before I pull the trigger. Great job and Many Thanks
I’m glad this game turned out to be better than I originally thought. The first couple of trailers for the game made me nervous. Technical issues as far as lag and pop-in. It looked completely unfinished when it was shown off. One of the rare cases where a game looks, feels, and plays better than originally shown off. Generally, the case is often the opposite. Very excited for this game.
character voice sounded like harry potter.
Love the review :)
Looks better than I expected. Great review.
"The mullet of open world games." Classic line!
The combat still looks so bland to me but multiple people at this point have said it's better than it looks.
Boycotters are seething as we speak
Best game from a long time.
deep character customization was a selling point for me.  Another selling point was being shipped in a playable state. now I can't decide. waiting for the sale.
Serious question: If i know NOTHING about harry potter...should i still get it? I initially wanted it but now that the release is getting closer, I am starting to wonder if i will be wasting my money. Is it simply a good game? or do i need some prior wizard knowledge to enjoy it?  Edit: I LOVE this game. GET IT!
Wow
Having played quite a lot of the game so far, it's for sure an 8 or 8.5 out of 10 for me. The game has issues in terms of variety and the odd glitch which is to be expected from any big game in all honesty but overall the game is very good. I feel bad for Avalanche who haven't done anything wrong themselves but whose game will now be subject to endless discussions and arguments about something not related at all to the game they made. I hope they get the chance to make a sequel or some DLC and really work on what is already an impressive base of work.
I have never been so happy to hear your verdict. Thank God we got a decent, completed game for once.
It's laughable how much they're trying to distance themselves from Rowling. I pity anyone stupid enough to fall for that crap. Anyone truly pro LGBTQIA+ will simply grab it from Empress.
Let's Goooooo!!!! We've needed a good single player game. The industry has been lacking in hits lately. I can't wait to play this 😊
It's a bit immersion breaking for me that you are dressed so flamboyantly while the rest of the students are just wearing their school robes.
This looks great! I hope you review the Switch version when it comes.. as a new parent, the switch is the only way I can game now. My poor PS5 is just collecting dust 😢
Love that green hat.
this looks great... /me checks the store page... single player only? ooof... well, great game but single player... no thanks. :(
Let’s bring the house of huffelpuff to its formal glory. Lol
I would've really liked to hear about PC controls specifically, how the default mapping is, can you re-bind keys, and does it feel okay or is it basically built around a controller? Anyway thanks for the review.
All I care about dous it run. If it does I'm good I'll put my music on and I'm good. It's an open world sow unlock stuff when I level up.  Good or bad  that's it  and can I cheese the game probably sow it's all good.
Great review. With all the woke politics around this IP had me concerned that it would get negative reviews no matter what. Seeing nothing but positive reviews about the game is fantastic.
Man, I thought this game was going to bomb. The world always looked incredible but gameplay just looked boring and bland from what they’ve showed. Happy to hear I was completely wrong. It’s not often in the gaming industry where something is far better than expected.
review was great as always but the drip was just next level
I feel like I'm in the minority on this one - nothing takes me out of an immersive game world faster than damage hit numbers flying off the body of the enemy you just attacked. Just an awful game design that seems to be the standard these days -_-
I feel like the complete lack of any discussion regarding the controversy of the IP holder completely make this review have less weigh. 6/10 review, will not be buying
I'm super happy for Hogwarts fans, or anyone else who can tolerate this world, that this game is so good. As for me, I just can't Hogwart. From the moment I tried to read the books, it wouldn't stick. It's just not my cuppa tea.
Did you steal that coat from Bayonetta? :)
I love that things in class are not just add-ons. Sounds like a real part of the world. Excited about this.
I only read the 1st book and saw a couple of the movies. I liked them but was not a fanatic. I love rpg's, will I like this game?
Can't say I love seeing you give this game attention, but I'm glad it's fun.
Buy or wait for sale?
I just saw those gloves you had and now I really want to find loot O_O
Trans Rights.
Every life is precious so in any situation the gospel is needed so hère it is.  God so loved the world, That He have His only son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
This is the only game my wife has fully been onboard with me getting.
Isn't it directional pad, not digital pad?
Any idea if you're gonna do a re-review on this game for the last gen versions, when they come out? I can't afford to get a PS5 or XseX but really wanna play this game and I'm worried that the last gen versions are gonna have terrible tech problems
😳
Never read a Harry Potter book or saw a single movie but the game still looks amazing
Glad that the atmosphere is right on!
If they add an online mode to this, that would be perfect!
20:07 Prolactin inhibitor or Testastrone shots! 🤣🤣💀
Man this game looks exciting!
After a few hours of playing the game I can confirm this game slaps
Jk is winning
Was very worried at first that this would flop
The game I dreamed of as a kid is finally here
I'm being told I'm phobic if I purchase this game, so I bought two copies 🙂
Just realised that it riding a broom like this definitely would heart my balls, never thought about that
Why does it have this "fried" look on PC compared to PS5? I remember Dying Light 2 had the same questionable visual option and I turned it off immediately...
I was excited for this game pretty much since it was announced, but with all the controversy surrounding it I’ve been questioning whether or not I should get it. But I’m a sucker for a good fantasy world and this game does look pretty damn fun
Just another shady reviewer, your worse then bum on bum on the street begging for change, the way you beg for hand out from your supporters.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Reckon you'll do a walking the walk for this
Professor garlick is better looking then she smells.
It's a shame there is so much disdain for the IP when the developers did such a great job recreating it here. Still working out some personal qualms myself, but seeing how well done it is, I am interested in checking it out sometime in the future.
Not super interested in Harry Potter but this game seems like it’ll be good. It’ll truly show how useless mainstream gaming journalism is, when this does well.
I really want to like it. But that combat. That COMBAT. My god, I can't even imagine enjoying that. It's so BORING.
Everything seems weirdly oversharpened?
I want to buy this purely to spite the haters, the cherry on the top is that it's actually a good game. Win-win situation IMO!
is there pvp in this game and in the open world
Thanks for not bowing down to the blue haired mobs
I've been tethering on the edge of buying a series x for a while. I think this game has convinced me to buy one.
hogwarts sounds like some sort of std
You forgot about 'Harry Potter themselves'? How many Harry Potters are there?
Looks great. Avalanche still needs to learn how to make water shaders but the game seems to be awesome.
I was never a Harry Potter fan, but this game looks like tons of fun! I may look into getting it for PS5 when it's cheaper. Thank you, as always, for the fantastic review!
I never grew up with Harry Potter (grew up with Charlie bone 🫥) is this game still worth it for someone who isn’t a fan?
7 hours to unlock on Steam for digital delux 😆 damn! I'm gonna play it all night long
Thank You for the Review, this is now a def buy for me :D
Basically the Bully 2 we never got in many ways 😃
Kotaku probably unliked this video
Interesting that the game looks so amazing, and much better than what we saw in trailers and previews. Normally it goes the other way! Worth buying for the ability to visit the Hogwarts world alone. Glad they made the game and story great too.
Why is everyone always Gryffindor?!?!?!?!
As an outsider who hasn't read the books since Goblet of Fire, this looks like a dream game for those fans of the franchise.  As someone who plays game looking in, it looks like a mix of Forspoken with less cringe and classic Bioware/Bethesda-isms. Can't say I'm terribly interested but it doesn't look like a bad game honestly. It's just a game focused on fans and that I can appreciate because there is not enough of that.
Thanks ACG, I really appreciate having a reviewer that I trust. You’ve never done me wrong!
The state current games are releasing i'm more interested if it isn't just a messy bug or stutter game.
ACG coming in with another great review. Thanks ! 🤩
Trans women are men.
Might wait for a 42% off sale on this one
My only concern when i saw the PR stuff was the combat feeling "modernized", but seeing this review really put those concerns to rest.
replaying by different 4 houses is so good!
I'm not a harry potter fan, didn't read the books, and did not watch all the movies, but the game seems cool, can't wait to play it
Terrific video. Top job.
wow this looks FAR better than any of the footage they have released prior to release. how rare that is these days.
Trash game for me. I cant stand any Harry Porter stuff
good job
Parry Hotter
Finally a good HP Game!!! 💜 The last one I liked was freaking Harry Potter 3 on GameCube. I remember HP7 was an awful cash-grab game
Did you end the video with "gang, gang"? 😆😂
Never was a Potter fan, but this just seems like a pinnacle of gaming, wizard sim,  world building  and exploration a cool huge castle.  Cant wait to play it tomorrow!
ACG reviews are a game changer, no pun intended! Just bought Hogwarts Legacy.  Tons of fun!
Just started it, the game is fking amazing, literally transports you to that world.
This guy is just amazing at talking without pause and saying absolutely nothing.  Ive listened to a handful of reviews now and almost everything is interchangeable. For every game he picks 1 or 2 details that make it seem like he dives deep and the rest is a Trump style flight of thoughts word stream.  No details about combat, pacing, progression, grind, anything.  Dont get me wrong, hes entertaining but its hilarious how well programming works because the only reason people keep regurgitating that hes the only honest one and so "detailed" is because he describes himself like that in 95% of his reviews and ends with im saving you money.  Its standard sales tactic.  Totally wasted talent, but he also sounds impossible to work with, his ego would make it impossible to do team effort.
Can you turn off all those dots, outlines and markers on the hud? Can you play without quest tracking, gathering  and x-ray vision?
Well, I expected this one to be all looks and no substance. Glad to see I was wrong. Thanks for a great review
Thank god this game delivered...and more than 50 hours worth of gameplay so it's worth 60$
Despite me not liking Harry  Potter (just not my thing), I'm tempting to get this game. It's like me liking the two Middle Earth games despite not liking Lord of the Rings. Once again, not my thing.
Your reviews are flawless, acg, but your in-game sense of fashion is questionable
Important question! Is it possible to turn off the HUD/choose which elements to keep on. or is it at least dynamic. I like customisation in for example Forbidden west.
how evil can you be ?
You normally mention which platform you played it on, but didn't here. Does that mean you didn't get hands on the PC version?
It's a game so nice, I bought it twice.
How much did they pay u for this lol
This game is hella good so far
50 plus hrs..? i thought early access starts on the 7th?
Your review is  narratively beautiful and  poetic .
What a damn good review 👌🏼
Honestly I've never had any real interest in the harry potter universe at all. I still don't tbh but I will admit that this game looks pretty good and I'm tempted to get it anyway
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
The way you described this game remind me of the joy I had when playing the PS1 game "HP and Sorcerer Stone" , that was awesome when video game are meant to be fun.
Asus PG32UQX+4090 = I Am Ready!!!!!
This game will sell big! I can't wait.
Finally a game that has the English esthetics that i love haven't seen one since fable series
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME ON A CONSOLE!!!! IT WOULD BE DISRESPECT TO A GREAT GAME!!!!! -PC MASTER RACE.
Here we go Huffle..... here we go... Smoke and Puff!!!!! Here we go Huffle..... here we go... Smoke and Puff!!!!! ...Shhhhh.... teacher coming, put the green down... we'll smoke it later!!!!
I'm looking forward to the game. Aesthetically,  It makes me feel for a moment like playing a new Fable game.
hard pass on this one.  nope nope nope.
ACG is one of THE best reviewers on the platform without a doubt, especially when you're skeptical about buying games because you either have a budget or have to save up in order to buy new releases
All my buddies say that about open world games. I on the other hand only like open world.
you didn’t mention the battle arena only available to the deluxe edition; are we missing out?
Boycott failed, time to move on losers.
Form the point of someone who couldn't get into the books and movies, do you think this game would still appeal simply from a... 'game' aspect? I mean, is it a great game if I don't bring the emotion of being a potter fan?
NEVER TOUCH! Especially if you respect the lgbt community!
So glad this is good! I have a ton of games to work through before this, so it will be even better in a year!
Dragon Age Inquisition vibes. Witcher 3 vibes. I m so excited to play in 12 hours fromn now
This looks pretty good, wondering how it will do on my pc. Might be worth trying on Steam thanks for the review.
Love this game  looks great
Great review, thank you!
Poor Nintendo owners…
Dragon age UI?
Pre-ordered based on this excellent (as always) review. Thank you.
This looks really, really promising. Been a while since I last touched a Harry Potter game, last one being the Quiddich game on PS2. Thanks again Karak for your helpful review!
Awesome review, always the first place to come for a decent review, thanks. Game does look good, I'll need to see if I want to start another open world game though, I never get round to finishing them!
What's up with the underwater swimming? Why is no one touching on that one?!!! I can't wait to swim underwater and find all kinds of cool things. That's a HUGE part of this game to me. HUGE!!!
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                        ,..................................,. ,./,
Not sure if the pros/cons section titles are new, but they are distracting in that I don't know if they are the game or your comments....maybe treat them differently so they stand out as local, rather than the game?
Lol 4 minutes in and the magic looks cooler than I expected and better than Forspoken...woops... AND I AM NOT A HARRY POTTER FAN...at ALL...LOTR Yes...
So glad I don't give a **** about trans rights or what people say, I'm not missing this absolute gem of a dream game.
I KNEW this game gave elden ring pre release vibes... everyone slammed elden ring for being too good to be true and another shell of a game, and here we are again.. with great results... this is fantastic!
this is the review i was waiting for. i had my doubts about how good the game was actually going to be behind te hype and your reviews are the only ones i trust.
Great review, very in-depth. You earned another sub
Gotta always respect a game that lets you customize your character with immaculate drip
A lord of the rings game similar to this would be a dream come true
Damn this game looks really good
Will it still be fun to someone who’s never seen Harry Potter?
Excellant review :)
I'm surprised how unexpectedly impressive this looks and sounds. I'm seriously gonna have to pick this up at some point. Kudos to the developers. This looks dope.  I was gonna say I can hardly believe that there are people stalking and harassing people who stream this game because the creator of the IP believes in biology, but it's current year, so I can absolutely believe people have their undies in a bunch over people who play a video game...
great and witty review, thanks
The game is meh, very repetitive gameplay and the npc’s are boring that feel like 🤖, overall disappointing not worth any more than $20 🫤
@10:20 Did you say you get "Drugged"? or did you say "Drug" instead of "dragged"?
Can someone confirm with me if you're able to have a companion follow you around for non mission exploration or are they like horizon zero dawn where companions only join you for missions? Thanks
Thanks!
Glad to hear the game is worth buying.
I can't wait for DLCs, imagine if they fix stuff and add quidditch omg
Slow down and breath! Lol.  I thought I pressed something and the video was going x1.5 faster
Also: Muggledown Snickerdoodl is A++ work.
Is Azkaban in the game?
Nice
The FOV scares me, I'll play on PC but nowadays a narrow FoV happens way too often, especially in crappy ports, FoV setting is a must in all video games.
You say "digital pad" multiple times but I assume you mean "directional pad".
Literally Assassins Creed & Dragon Age with Harry Potter textures. Couldn't possibly be more boring if they tried
I think this game is going to win game of the year. Not much other huge titles with this much hype releasing in 2023.
I’m really glad this game is actually good. No offense even though I trust you I’ll wait for more reviews since $70 is a lot for one game but good games are rare now a days. The only thing I was hoping is that they were to use the original John Williams score in the game but the soundtrack doesn’t sound bad
Not a fan
Isn't it "directional pad" and not digital pad? Awesome review really looking forward to this.
Quick, someone go post this at ReeeeeesetEra! LOOOOOOOL!
This game makes Forspoken looked last gen.
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." _Ray Goforth
I am glad it's a great game. I may need to wait for it to be on sale as I am not a fan of the combat after elden ring. I want to have the ability to create magical swords or enchant some weapons or enchanting self to be a fast or strong with a draw back as well. I know it's not in the Harry Potter lore or world. Just wanted to be a different wizard I guess.
I hear people going "Game looks like a movie waaahhh!"  Yeah those are these things called Cutscenes do people not have attention spans anymore? It's the comment section of every Ragnarok review all over again.
just want to let ya know that God loves you all, we have to turn from sin and repent before it’s too late, John 14:6 says “I’m the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the father except through me”🙏🏽🤍
I can't express how happy I am to see this game Sell and Review EXTREMELY WELL 😂 Just Installed it on my PS5, can't wait 👍
I’m really shocked that they pulled this off. Good on them.
Great clear and concise review mate, felt very professional and impartial.  I'd just really like to know how the Good/Evil system works. How evil can I be? Will it have a noticeable impact on the storyline?   I'd love to have a proper evil playthrough that actually feels impactful!
There is a FOV adjust on the PC version.
If you are a fifth year like 17 or 18, i had a beard in highschool so its pretty lame you cant have one.
You are still unethical for playing it
Ya but...but  ...but......but....WHATABOUTJKROWLING?!?!?! .......DERRRRRRRRP. Thank you for looking at this game for what it is...a game. Made by a game studio. No political BS sprinkled on top.  ...thank you.
Bruh, you're reviewing games on consoles wtf
IGN main negative point was the lack of enemy variety but you seem to praise it? I hope you're correct tho
Can I use Avada Kadavra?
this was on PC?
Buy it just because it makes a small group of entitled weirdos cry
elton johns wardrobe
Despite embracing divershity, everyone looks inbred. This is now canon, like Hufflepuff orgies, Lupin's balls, and Cho's massive shits.
Regarding the 'same-ness" to character facial configurations: I bet J.K. Rowling wanted to ensure a boy looked like a boy and a girl looked like a girl, no exceptions.
Is your video overly sharpened or is that how the game actually looks?
Watched Asmon react to some footage and I was instantly caught when the dragon straight up *ate* a poacher.  That’s when I was like hol’ up let ‘em cook.
Comparing the open world to a mullet was absolute poetry.
This looks and sounds phenomenal! I’m not into Potter at all and I’ll probably get this.
Huh, a witch named "Garlic" Pratchett fan perchance?
......trash
Thanks Karak. Always trust your opinion. I’ll definitely check this one out thanks for your integrity and honesty.
You forgot to mention how at the end Harry Potter runs in and says "Wow this really was a Hogwarts Legacy"
Thanks for the great review
I'd play this because this would be better than the mobile game "Hogwarts mystery" even though you are starting as a 5th year, not a first-year but though this will still be amazing.
This is why your are one of the, or if not, the most trusted reviewer of the industry. You don't let bias nor politics nor sponsor pressure cloud your judgement of a game.
*Comparing the open world to a mullet was absolute poetry.*
This is a comment! I'm leaving it for engagement purposes. Harry Potter!
RDR2 is my favorite game and the fact that you kept comparing this to it makes me glad I preordered Hogwarts Legacy.
Okay so I’ve never read any book or watched any movie…never hated on it just literally never got around to it but this looks awesome. Does anyone suggest that I do a little movie marathon of the films before playing this or will I be okay going in raw?
Outstanding review.  Thank you.
Seems like a lot of the students are all 5th years, don't see a lot of 1st or 2nd years. Hopefully there are more than goblins and poachers in the outside areas
I have not read or watched any Harry Potter, and I had totally discounted this game. I think I might have to check it out now
Sounds like a game where you have to be patient and want a movie rather than a game Participate in class? Elden ring has actual non stop gameplay
Getting serious Fable vibes from this, in the best way.
Man I wish I could get into Harry Potter lol
almost 800k LFG! remember those magazine days? woo
Can't wait for this to go cheap, it'll be fun just to run around the castle looking at the art.
I'll be honest...I thought this game would be a trainwreck
For me, the pinnacle of open world gaming is still Witcher 3. I’m ok to see a changing of the guard if it ever comes
7:05 damn that move looks satisfying to use
This game requires internet?  Why
Thanks for a well thought out,honest, and thorough review.
Great review, full of detail. Thank you.
This is so refreshing. After buying mw2 and them ruining it a month later, pokemon looking like complete crap and overwatch 2 being destroyed by microtransactions, it's just nice to see a full game on release. I don't mind paying $100  just give me a full game on release.  Can't wait to get this
The only review I was waiting for and as always worth it! Thank you 👍🇦🇺🌟
i’ll feel like a fraud if i get this game. never seen one movie or read one book.  but it looks good
Honestly it looks A LOT better than I expected, and likely a lot of people expected.
Thats a lot of time for game play...
You're #6 on trending right now, and with the hard work that has gone into every review I have seen on your channel. I can see why. Congratulations!
All of the animations look absolutely stunning.  Can't wait to play this title!
Sounds like razor 👊
It does look great, my one question would be can you be "evil"? Sure you can roleplay yourself using the unforgivable curses or not, but does it actually have an impact on the world? Do other characters react to you differently if you just go around slinging Avada Kedavra everywhere as opposed to taking a more tame approach to combat?
Oh… understand why you still made a video on this game but disappointing to see as a subscriber who happens to be trans
never touch because we don’t support transphobic TERFS or their media
As always, just amazing content. Thank ACG for this review.
The characters so great 😊
Speaking to dope coat, where did you get it?! It looks awesome!!!
Expecto patronum!  Thanks for the solid review, Karak.
I cant wait to play.
Bro!   I have never seen your videos but god damn!  I just had to subscribe because you are beyond thorough and enjoyable!! Thx man
All the anti-trans people in these comments seem like they’re violating the terms of posting a comment here, are they not? Or is that too political of a topic?
15:30 that word, “timbre”, is pronounced “tamber”. Not “timber”
Boycott Fail xD
ACG dropping consistent quality reviews. The game I dreamed of as a kid is finally here. Happy week for many, I’m sure
This might be one of the few games that I play in 4K mode rather than performance. I just really want to be immersed and catch the beauty of it.
Instant buy over here
Oh boy, I guess I’m shelling out.
this is fucking amazing.
Even if I have very little relationship with the IP, aside of the movies, I am happy the HP fans finally have a good triple A game, I even want to try myself later on.
Just preordered this game and I know nothing about these series.
I was super sceptical originally because of how little they showed, but it seems like this is another case like mordor where its just WB being insecure about what is actually a really good product
Bro your character has way too much drip
This is the best review I've ever heard from you
The idea of slightly too much sense of self/solitude is quite interesting 🤔
Really love your style of writing reviews. I got a good chuckle out of comments like "a Ron-Weasley type broom" and the MC's parents spending too long at a free love festival lol.
Yo I’m a gamer so I’m gonna grab this game regardless but I have to know if I never watched a Harry Potter movie. Will this game still be interesting I don’t know any of the lore characters besides Harry Potter villains or atmosphere will I be lost
Didn't congress pass a law that said no video game for the pc shall be released in a playable state?  It's a sad day when you got me interested because you weren't screaming at the developers for releasing an unplayable mess.  It doesn't restore my faith in humanity per sai, but it helps.  Great review, cheers.
Lmao Muggledown Snickedoodle
They really missed a great opportunity for multiplayer in this game
Im actually surprised... how "complete" this game looks, to be honest I thought it was just going to be a cash grab for just having the Harry Potter IP, I might give this game a try, and as far as customization goes, Im sure the modding community on PC is gonna take care of that haha
20:55
I actually pre-ordered this because I was excited to play it I'm glad I did and definitely seems worth the money which sadly is not always the case anymore.
Looks pretty mediocre.... The world doesn't look lived in, just a few npcs wandering around and the game play looks boring... Just hours of flicking a wand and shooting random colored neon lightning
no quidditch its a bust.
The game is not easy? lol, you must not be good at games. The combat is brain dead.
Dope Coat noticed!
Pirating approved, then?
Glad you do the I got the game free and give one away    But the fact you never mentioned the CON of the game punishing and locking the launch date behind an extra $10 paywall is such a let down you failed to provide this fact.
I'm so happy this game was so good. After forspoken. I lost hope.
Guess I’m buying it
I want some online dueling... at the very least
*Things I'd like to know:* _-Do choices matter?_ _-Is there a karma/good or bad type system?_
*Coat....Noticed*
This is the review I've been waiting for 👌🏾. I know we'll get nothing but uncut truth over here
Will Hogwarts have dlss on PC?
I'm really hopiing that hogwarts transports me the way it did for you.
Finally a game that was always going to be hyped might actually deliver. A rare occasion these days.
Buy just to trigger the woke losers.
There is a slider FOV on PC.  Max you can add is +20
Lots of fun but extremely easy.
I've never read the Harry Potter books or seen any of the movies but this game looks fucking awesome.
Too transphobic for my taste in games.
I’m happy to buy this game and for JK Rowling to get her cut from an IP she created..can’t say the same for WB who has distanced itself from Rowling like the spineless corporate cowards they are just to virtue signal to the freakish cultists from twit n tic tok land
looks cool, but I'm not sure why all these developers have this thing about the fov, it will hopefully be patched in. Games of this type need the option to change it.
magic and spells bore me.   Still no good game has come out this year.
No
Agreed your character at it's base looks like all the others
“Muggledown Snickerdoodl” 😁
Expando Chaptero
My main concern was combat, glad to see that's not terrible or even bad here. A close second was content, I would've really felt let down by a 15-20 hour experience, so glad there's content in the game too
look whoever either wrote the script or adlibbed for this video, you did a fantastic job. ignoring the actual game you dialogue was simply wonderful, the words used and the analogies were fantastic, great job, from the bottom of my druken heart
Would you recommend playing on hard? Or is normal good enough? I like a challenge but don't like dying in the same area more than like 3 or 4 times lol
Sounds amazing! I'll grab it in the summer. I have too many other open-world games to start first. Can't wait to see this game first hand
Is Cyber Punk 2077 developers paying attention 🤔
Karak the fact you blur the text to not spoil the game it's what differentiates you from the rest 👏
But the story tho? Is it good?
Great choice with the top hat. Very dapper. Thanks for the review. Can't wait to play this game. 👍
I just love how this game shts on the other 'game not need to be spoken' 😅
No mention on how it runs in PC? Many have said it runs like garbage. Why is there nothing said about non-console performance?
Haha the WOKIES lose again!! :)
PlayStation for the exclusive quest or PC?
What was this captured on? I might have missed it.  Also something fundamental has changed, after 2-3 years of never seeing you in my feed, I’ve seen your last 3 releases with no change on my end
Despite where you fall on the whole JK debacle it actually floored me seeing a dedicated dev team deliver us something we've all wanted many years ago, I can't wait to see what they do next.
Were you able to play this on pc?
Wizarding world is such a stupid tagline lol
Hogwarts Legacy open world looks good and WB nailed it 😁
I cannot wait to get the game. It looks so good.
Im not too familiar with the Hogwarts universe, but this game looks very enticing. I will give it a shot.
Where are y’all getting the game? I want to get it for pc but I’m worried about the performance
I think you're one of the best reviewers out there! This game looks stunning and I can't wait to pick it up later today
Muggledown Snickerdood is a nuts hahahahahhahahaha great video my man
Wow, a game that looks like it was developed by people who loved the source material. Talk about a win. Now i only we can get writer's of shows to feel the same way, haha
This game is such a breath of fresh air in an era of games that overpromise and underdeliver.
Happy to hear it's actually good. Much better than expected.
so everyone looks the same because wizards are all inbred 😂😂
Subscribed! Your reviews are awesome!
FYI bro It is "directional pad" not "digital pad" Pads Dpads are not digital either, they are analogue
My only complaint. One and only. The UI  is a bit much. I’m hoping that can be adjusted. Otherwise I’m liking what I see.
I haven’t been this excited for a game in YEARS😂 I can’t wait for the 10th! I’ll be playing as an evil ravenclaw first and then a good slytherin after.   Hopefully there’s a mp quidditch mode added later!
Unfortunately this game will never be played by me due to JK Rowling
your character name . . . holy crap
Thank you for your reviews. One of the few reviewers that can be still trusted imo. Now I feel more comfortable buying this game. 👌👌👌👌
I would've liked to see a bit on the "building" aspect of the game. Crafting, how the room of requirement factors into the overall feel of the game, all of that good stuff. I feel like there's a layer of the game that you missed if you didn't dive into that.
How do you grab those floating pages?
omg, they actually released a functional game as a closed play test? no way? WB always manages to not make their games terrible!
Can't believe people were calling fans out for being fascists' if they play this game. I'm glad it's getting good reviews so far.
How's the Dlc DArk Battle Arena? Is it worth it?
Thanks!
Muggledown Snickerdoodl is definitely a unique name ACG 😂
55K... That's the amount of subscribers you had when I subscribed. Back then I was thinking "this dude deserves more subscribers". Now you're at 798k subscribers and I STILL think "dang, this dude deserves more subscribers." Thanks for never leading me astray Karak. You're my #1 go to for reviews
I’m not a massive fan like most but I’m so happy the combat is good cuz I wouldn’t have bought this if combat sucked. Preordering now… if I still can
I had no expectations, my take was wait for review (and I will wait for a few more reviewers). But I seems that is it at least good game I will for sure pick up.  Technically if I will be able to settle with something like 1440p with VRR I will be happy (I have no problem fiddling with the settings). I’m happy for the devs and many didn’t believe they can deliver, I had my doubts too.
What's your feeling on everyone having an inferior copy to the playstation because of exclusive shenanigans
Dude. Saint's Row beats the hell out of GTA. It's so much funnier and more fun.
SQUARE ENIX ARE YOU TAKING NOTES?????
Does anyone know if the game allows the hud to be faded or hidden?
Great review as always. Thank you
Why is no one talking about the story??
This is the first Harry Potter IP I've been interested in. Never read the books or saw the movies.
kool... but still... no pre order
Great review - this has me really hyped to play the game!  A bit of a shame that the friendship themes from the books don’t sound like they’re really present in the game.  Just nice to watch a review about the game that is free from hypocritical and empty political statements.
Thanks for this video review. You went into detail, without just giving the standard 5 minute video review. Thank you for all that you do. Very much appreciated.
Look dude can you put a bookmark where you rate it.  I don’t wanna watch the whole video for it.
This is a great example of why your reviews are my go to when it comes to deciding on a game. No bs, just the game and how it is presented
50 hours!? Oh God hold me
I was concerned this was being overhyped, however, after seeing your review, it actually looks like it might deliver, despite its flaws. Thanks ACG
The game seems very happy for a lack of a better word. I'm really hoping there's horror elements here. I want it to feel eerie, creepy, dark and so on.
Hi ACG, appriciate your review so much. However how about the DUALSENSE features ? is it good ? i dont know should i buy it on PS5 or my PC with rtx 3080 :(
With so many disappointing titles having released over the past few months or so, it's refreshing to see a game that actually manages to live up to its hype. Despite being a smaller company, Avalanche Software has a lot of heart and passion for what they do. Hogwarts Legacy is proof of that. I can easily overlook the lack of facial customization options and texture pop in when everything is so well made. The game is gorgeous, and it's nicely detailed. Combat is challenging and varied. There is a lot of content and a lot of things to do. Voice acting is solid. I'm glad that audio was covered in the review because there are reviewers out there who simply don't discuss it for some reason. Voice acting, music, sound effects, and ambient sounds are all vital when it comes to sound design, and I really appreciate the fact that you covered them in the review. I definitely look forward to picking Howarts Legacy, even though I'm not really a fan of Harry Potter, which says something about the quality of the game and the hard work that Avalanche Software put into it. Thanks once again, Karak, for another honest, unbiased, and detailed review! I really appreciate the continued hard work! Keep it up! God bless and stay safe!
Glad to hear this seems to have turned out well. Can't imagine the pressure Devs must have felt trying to deliver
Sorry if I missed this but was this review based on console or PC performance?
I am pausing on 7.45 to say what there is to be said straight up: "Dark Souls ruined even games for children in the long run" ... No... Game with Joypad friendly 4 skills/magics/abilities (call em what you want em, or all of it at once) and dodge and roll (for the trigger buttons)... are impaired games... I don`t care about beautiful, nice franchise based (or not) world, I don`t care about marginal changes from equip (cloths) I do not care about "Immersing boss fights" (they are not, you are delusional)... 4 Skills based game that is not LoL is not a game.. even LoL is not a game... In fact Lol is much more of an rpg and a game and everything (not flaming for being single player, but mechanics, even thou Open Single Player world that is not Dragon Age Inquisition, or more (which haven`t been done and it is meaningless as well) is gtfo w8st of time. Even if it did have proper gameplay and you go trough super good story with it... it ends in what 90 ~ 120 ... more hours (more w8st) and than well you have spent the time... you have good memories ... Well it is not bad... but it is certainly not achieved by 4 button joypad friendly game on PC... if Anything Play it on PSes and gtfo of even releasing it on PC polluting gamers with inferior gaming mechanic understandings. (growing up ones) Yes it`s easier for developers that way, but you are ruining gameplay... Everything from Dark Souls... (all of them) Trough Blood Born.. to Elden Ring ... >In< >The< >Garbage<. I can`t stress this enough every single player that is not as a total meme glorifying any of those tittles is ban able offence. (for me at least, you should be grateful, no one cares since I am like 1 to 1 000 000 000 (is that a Billion) apparently. You know what is and forever will be superior game than all of Dark Souls... Legacy of Cain... Blood Rain... Dark Siders ... afterwards single player action combat RPG worlds have gone so down the drain nothing can pull em out of it... since they became obsolete to proper mmorpgs... Dragon Age 4 will practically be legacy content for die hard fans at this point, excuse my French.  (I use this as a slang for when I say something I consider a curse word)
What framerate was this captured at? It looks kind of bad.
So excited to play. Thanks for the review
Another awesome in-depth review.
Not a Harry fan. Going to skip this for a more mature RPG.
Are there zelda dungeons, like the original games?  That’s all I want
looks very good. I'm waiting to I know about pc performance but im glad the combat is actually fun. that was what i was wondering about.
Play Forspoken, it's better
The only review that matters. Thank heavens I can breathe a sigh of relief! Hufflepuff ftw!
Im off tomorrow so im a spend all nite playing.  Not big into the wizarding world.  But to me it has some charm that makes me think of the Fable series (which i love)    if i can become a mean bastard here. Ill be glad.
Wait for crack
So how would you say the resolution is in performance mode? You said it’s a bit noticeable; does that translate to 1400p (which is fine) or 1080p?
Thanks ACG, your reviews are TOP! Got the game now. Cheers!
Hoping the pc version runs well
Thanks for this review. I just placed a last minute pre order after watching it.
I would 100% play it…if it was on gamepass
My question to you @ACG get it for PC or Console, and if you say console which one? Ps5 or Xbox X
I don't like JK Rowling but I hope people see the positive reviews from this and realize that the left are just as easily manipulated as the right. They want you to believe everyone making this game is ostensibly evil, so they tweet and post clips that serve that purpose. I'm not saying to not boycott the game but always maintain a healthy skepticism from EVERYONE.
How's the optimization on pc ?
Looks like I am waiting for a mod that removes spider enemies from the game.
I hope there is an immersive mode and remove the HUD
I will dominate the wizard world...the dementors shall bow to my will...I liked this video yes!!!!👍😅
the character creation is fine because british people all look the same
Ah Karak why are you roaming around in your undies?
Yesss 🥰
Thanks Boss, looks like Ill take a broom ride into Hogwarts, (not a fan but the gameplay looks too fun).
I wonder why they delayed ps4 version of the game
Wish they would do this with Star Wars.
Forgot to thumbs up because of auto play on YouTube.  Had to come back to give a thumbs up and added another interaction to say thanks!  Keep up the good work!
I think it's funny that a 1-2 second pause to open the doors leading outside is a con when it's obviously loading. That kind of a loading screen/time 10 years ago would've been amazing.
Glad to hear this game is worth it. Was worried the hype wouldn’t match like a lot of games recently. Glad some people actually made a game worth the hype
Been eagerly awaiting the reviews for this game to drop. It's been my most anticipated game since it was announced but have been trying to temper my excitement so that I wouldnt get too disappointed if it turned out poorly. So glad to hear it's getting good reviews. Feels like a sigh of relief as much as excitement.
the "exaggerated swagger" dig made me chuckle 😂
Wish Pokémon would give this much love to their games
There is FINALLY another game for me to pour hours into! I am so relieved after being let down so much by recent titles. It looks gorgeous! I just hope my PC can run it well. Thanks, Jeremy.
Here's a few things that bother me. The graphics look a bit dated, some immersive breaking technical issues, and the movement speed is too fast at default and looks clunky. Idk, I definitely prefer a natural walk and a sprint button. It would likely help when going through doors too. Like how in RDR2, Arthur or John take a realistic split second pause before passing through a door.
5:21 10/10 can juggle wolves
Did they at least recognize JK Rowling in the opening or end credits? I hope so. If not, I don't want to support cancel culture by buying this product.
if ACG says you can buy it, just close your eyes and go for it fellas! Purchased my copy on Steam, thanks ACG
Hope this game is as good for Harry Potter novices who've only seen the movies once and know something about the Hogwarts world but not a lot as it is for the die-hard fans.
I don't normally pre-order games in fear that they will fall flat for my hard earned money, but this game was a different story. So excited to play early with the Delux edition! Thanks for the great review and further settling my head that I made the right choice in pre-ordering.
fantastic review, glad you and skillup still roll these out like its no effort.
as some one that has a 4090 I still refuse  to use RayTracing.. Frames over Graphics any day and Raytracing takes a massive dump on frames even on the highest possible GPu'S  Also Motion Blur and DOF being disabled is a must , I wish games would STOP offering this and not use them to begin with.  on that note this game will easily be a contended for GOTY, next to the Zelda Tear of a Kingdom. and possible GTA VI (if it comes out this year)
I'm so surprised that this game is actually challengeable and enjoyable. I pre-ordered it but now I'm so happy that it's so good
The only thing I personally don't need is frame stuttering, crushes, bugs and an empty non interactive world. Please let us enjoy this game, I'm beginning you 🙏, Don't let us down like others did.
Cant wait to play this in ultra wide
Unsubscribed! You support a TERF feminist bi***! Rowling is not a real woman because she thinks Transwomen aren't real women! They are and you bought and supported this game making you part of the problem!
A magic review as always
Graphically this looked downgraded from other footage ive seen lol
Just wanted to say thank you for reviewing the game based on the merits of the game and not on the bullshit social commentary surrounding the game.  You're the best.
Just wanted to say this didn't show in Sub box, found out by patreon email.
Six hours in and I have no complaints other than I'm ready to fly on a broom lol. No bugs or glitches at all. Combat is great and easy to learn.
9:08 How many save files can you have? Is it 3 or does it add more when you create more characters?
Did you play on PC or console?
I was waiting for you. I don't use "trust" for youtube, but I swear you earn it with every video. All the thanks man. Always consistent with the information and delivery! I AM READY to go down this rabbit hole!
Thanks for an even review of the game.  I subbed.
I'm a developer and i know how hard it is to make a game like this.. So happy for the team, congrats !
Really happy to see this and Dead Space punching well above their weight.
thanks you daddy ACG. Can wait to play 3 days early
Always a great review from you. My #1 source for trusted reviews, period. Very excited for this game.
The only review I need to see! Thanks man great review as always, can't wait to play the game. I hope there's not bad performance issues (on PC).
I've come full circle. Harry Potter had a huge hand in developing my tastes, and to see it flourish into something like this is a childhood dream come true. I can't speak for everyone of course, but personally, this game came at the tail end of an integral shift in my train of thought. I'm 27 now and life is nothing what I thought it would be, for better and worse (in some cases). The Wizarding World has stayed alive in my head through all of it. As for gaming, I've had an ear to the ground for decades at this point and this feels like a good time to slow down and reevaluate my relationship with it, especially considering my backlog of games I've yet to touch or really give the time they deserve. I'm incredibly thankful to have the experiences I've had, and for the opportunity  to play this work of love. That said, Hogwarts Legacy will spark my exodus.
Great review Karak definitely buying this once I'm out of the hospital!
The combat looks incredibly underwhelming.
How is the story tho
I am so happy that this has turned out great. Dream game
Pre-ordered. We'll see how it performs in 8 hours
So far i have seen the story and the studio that made it (who are known of having awful story writers)... It's really awful. I love their Just Cause 2 game and didn't like 3rd one. It had almost everything in 2nd, but in 3rd i didn't feel that love that they did put into (aside awful driving that got improved in 3rd). Seen the pop in NPC's right in front of you and pop in textures as well, some frozen insects and combat isn't really that good to me. Probably would wait on deep sale and in meantime probably there will be some DLC's on the way (which they will probably fix, but i don't know. They never fixed JC3 issues). On 1st playthrough would be Gryffindor then on 2nd would be Ravenclaw.
PC does have Fov slider, at least last time I checked.
Watched one minute of game footage  "no thanks."
Can my character date a Goblin though?
that fucking hat
11:16 "The Bad Guy Really" LOL, I see what ya did there ;-)
Think it looks awful. Think it's just bad timing for something like this. Harry Potter game will raise it up but at the end of the day. It doesn't look fun.
the problem with character creation is they're all one of those non binary idiots the only thing rubin the game let's just hope there isn't a lgbt flag or blm flag anywhere in the game. i'll be getting a refund if there is
I'm so happy to hear the actual gameplay mechanics are considered top notch by all reviewers.
Yes, but are you a transphobe for playing it?  🤣
No real mention of the house-selection process - does that it mean it doesn’t really affect gameplay other than common room and cosmetics? Seems like it would make replays of different houses less appealing.
Please tell me you can turn off the numbers popping up 🥺
Seems like… “those people” from Twitter could stop this one
Can't wait to find any and all of the easter eggs!
Thanks for the great review! Guess I am out $75 ha! I thought this was going to be complete trash!
I think a great idea for a sequel would be adding a sort of mass effect style party system where you can have two of your homies following you around, who have different strengths and weaknesses, and you choose who to bring along based on what you're expecting to run into, or just who you would like to have along because they're a fun/interesting character.
So the game is hard?  Meaning it’s the Dark Douls of…?  Just wondering what we’re going to label it, lol.
The magic seems considerably worse than just using an assault rifle.  Your character would be in big trouble if a guy with a pistol attacked him.  If magic is worse than guns and cars and washing machines, why waste your time with it?  "Expando Chaptero" - noice.
Thank you for this! This game is definitely getting a platinum for me at least on the PS5 physical disc deluxe edition! Excited to get into Hogwarts. 😍
Bro what's up with the Dead by Daylight perk icon layout lol
As long as they do black people hair well, I'll be happy... Especially black women
All the reviews have been positive. Now waiting for the user reviews when the digital deluxe is available to all.
Game looks amazing. Will buy it 100 %
Thank you for the awsome review!
This is the first game were I went against my "never preorder" rule but it looks like I made a good call this time
I’m underwhelmed by the combat
Thank you for giving us such great and honest reviews!   One question is can we venture around the entire castle and rooms?
fantastic review!
I was so worried about this game being another over hyped mess but I'm so happy to see that the game seems to be favorable work most people!!
Muggledown Snickerdoodl.
This game looked like one of those games that looks amazing but, once it finally gets released just fails miserably. I'm really happy it's getting great reviews and my mind is made up. It's now in my basket. :) Thanks ACG for giving me another well informed review!!
Are you planning to do a review on Hi Fi Rush.
I'm stuck between...not having any interest in Harry Potter at all, though the game looks good.  So, normally I would pass. But..support a product that ALREADY has a bunch of crybaby activists messing their diapers? I might just have to.
Muggledown Snickerdoodl, eh? Quite the fitting name, I'd say!
I rather regret I have no interest in the Potter universe, in a different setting this is just the kind of game I'd be keen on.
You really FEEL like Spider-Man
Wow. Just wow. I haven't watched the full video yet but you've pretty much answered the main question I had coming in. Is this something I can play/enjoy without having any knowledge of the universe? Thanks for answering this in the first minute, now I'm gonna shut up and see if it's a game worth my attention.
So it is good then.. I was very worried this would be a disaster.. it did look very barren.. well add it to the list of games I'm buying this crowded month!
Fantastic review Karak! I'm definitely going to get this.
Thank you so much for this in-depth review! I completely forgot about the release of this game but this made me so happy! Also I love your character's name lmao
No one is talking about Avalanche Software and their shaky history with games. This developer was actually shut down in 2016 until WB bought them and re-opened the studio.  Look at what they were able to produce with this game. It’s actually pretty incredible to see and I’m happy WB isn’t trying to pull another “Shadow of War.” If you know, you know.
Thanks for this review.
I would play this just to piss off the npc's Obviously it looks good on its own too
i desperately want this game. idec if its terrible at launch. but im so far behind on bills that i wont be able to play it till maybe next year. couldnt even get myslef a birthday gift.
Hell yeah. I'm so glad it looks like WB spent their time and made a "complete" game at launch. Wife will be happy!!!
You get to choose your house? Unfortunate. I think it would've been more immersive to fill out a mini quiz during character creation and having those answers determine your house for you.
today i learned what the D in Dpad means
*Insert Hawkeye meme* still have extreme hunch that this game is trash
So relieved you thought its worth it. Now I can feel good about preordering. Just couldnt trust any of the other videos
Yar har har time
My wallet HATES you
I really hope they didn't buy him off for this good review, because this has me excited.
Gang gang
I hope it has a FOV slider on PC.
Speaking of Bully can you act a bully to everyone in the game and will it affect how others interact with you?
Can’t wait!!
Its so weird you can wear any random clothes while you're in the castle lol feels wrong. Also I'm worried about pc performance now due to denuvo. Have yet to see a review on pc version.
So hype that this games actually pretty good from the looks of it def grabbing it this Friday
I’m a genx’er. HP has never been all that interesting to me but I do enjoy a good open world game. A good open world and the screeching of internet tards has me considering tossing some dinner money at this.
Excellent review
Can't wait to play this game. Screw all the activists.
This is seriously emotional for me, I can`t put into words, the fact that the best reviewer felt so good about a game that is so important to me, Ive been waiting to experience hogwarts like this all my life, its an amazing feeling.... also absolutely weird that I was playing rdr2 while waiting for Hogwarts legacy and thinking "If only they played rdr2 and tried to make the world just a LITTLE  like it" lmao, so good, I can't wait.
I’ll pick this up in 3 years when it’s $20 digitally ,  I’m about to start playing Cyberpunk for the first time when it goes on sale again
Haven't read Harry Potter. Wife is a mega-fan. Kids are mega-fans. Watched a cpl movies and enjoyed them. Instantly bought this game for myself as soon as I watched your Review. Going to buy for kids and wife on XBOX too. This looks fantastic and just kinda of cozy and magical. Great review.
I used to love your reviews, but I'm disappointed you didn't mention the social context of this game and all the harm J.K. Rowling has done to the trans community. Simply not mentioning it is a function of privilege, and to ignore it makes your channel complicit in supporting her and the policies she funds. Sending my love to those who feel unseen or unwelcome because of this omission.
This is the review I have been waiting for, thank God. And Hollow gameplay is my second thumbs up. I just bought a Steam Deck, so I am praying it performs well, fingers crossed. Instead of my PS5.
I’m really glad I was excited for this game already but seeing all the Twitter clips of people trashing the game for being a “modern western rpg” but it looks to really set itself apart very exciting
I've been very skeptical about this game but I'm glad the devs seemingly managed to pull it off.
gosh this sounds perfect if this was translated well into an mmorpg
"It's like their parents spent their nights at a free-love wicca magic and music festival and everyone is a little bit too related to each other " 🤣thank you, I reaaaaaally needed a laugh today!
Im sooooo hyped for this. Im bummed im gonna have to wait a while to play though because my car decided to short out its full electric system and make me spend tooo much $ on it.
What's the difference between "Easy" and "Story" difficulty?
I wanted to get this, but the issue is due to wanted to support trans folk. (The issues with jk rolling and allot of pod posts on #( hogwartslegacy)it looks fun but sadly not sure what to do
So is this a win? Idk if I should buy!?
Just so everybody knows you can get 100 hours plus outta this game. Idk we're people got 50 from. Don't listen to the speed runners.
20:56 you're welcome :)
First 4k squad, assemble! It's Karak with a kaaaagh
That name you made is *chefs kiss*. May you always be blessed Muggledown Snickerdoodl!
Sorry dude, had to quit Watching vid. Did you ever get to the review?
YES I'm so glad there's a game that I was hype for which actually came through
Your reviews are the best. You really spend the time and smell the roses.
You're a credit to reviewers and players alike.  Cheers
but can i make a female character if im a guy irl?
ACG more reliable customer advocate in gaming. Thank u for what u do..if u give it a vote of approval it’s a good buy in my book
Really glad i sub to your channel to really get an honest review. Thank you ACG
So awesome!!! I was hoping this game would turn out great!
Cant wait to play this.
Regarding the main character voice having an “odd timbre and a bit of a processed sound that can pop up”, this is only true of the male player character. The female sounds much better   FYI
I'm stoked. Already praying for a DLC
Quick warning for PC players - the only review of the PC version of the game I could find is in German and it's NOT good (I'm German so I am here to spread the message across language barriers). Just not optimized at all. See for yourself by searching for -> So darf Hogwarts Legacy nicht auf Steam erscheinen! (translation: HL can't be released like this on Steam). The reviewer specifies that he has a PC built for the game's recs for Ultra settings, and that the devs promised patches, but have already missed their own timeline on those. So for PC it seems to be a WAIT - it's WB having another Arkham Knight PC release...
I haven't heard anyone talking about the modified Nemesis system from the LOTR games i guess it's not implemented here as much as I hoped 😔
Bloody hell it's actually good! Take every cent I have.
I don’t wanna see all the spoilers! So what is it? Buy or wait? 😅
There are about ten games I want to play this year over this but I think at the end of the year I'll definitely be picking this up. Cheers ACG!
you will never be a wizard harry
Too bad they couldn’t sneak beards in as a joke spell that the Weasley brothers would sell
Uhoh...the game is actually good. Those boycotters gonna be big sad, and angry.
I was honestly a bit worried by the gameplay presentations previously, especially since the devs don't seem to have much history with games of this magnitude but I'm really happy to see it may have turned out much better than I was expecting
Thanks for an amazing review and doing a better job than most videogame news sites out there. The focus on the game, without all the identity politics drama is what most people will probably want to hear. As always, you deliver with consistency, passion and professionalism that is hard to find these days.
DENUVO, REMUVO!!
Now let’s give a bow to all of those idiots trying to boycott the game, you actually gave it more marketing and made this great game sell more
Love it! Keep up the good work! (Comment is to help with the algorithm)
Its a good start to the year for gaming, probably the best start in a decade, dead space remake and hogwarts legecy killing it in reviews, just hope starfield follows suit!
Never seen your videos before, but I love Harry Potter and wanted to watch something before I play tonight, you’ve got my subscription. Loved the video and breakdown with the detailed review. Awesome stuff
This is good news. I was worried it would be yet another screwed up game that had lots of promise. I'm a PC user. Has anyone had a chance to try it without a controller?
50 hours? Longer than ALL the movies combined. /grins
Awesome review
Never touch.  That racist transphobe Rowling has too much money for her flat, unoriginal ideas.
Definitely getting this now. A well done Harry Potter universe is simply a must buy..
Bought it three times. Boycott? Does that word actually exist? *laughs* Thanks for the awesome review. Cannot wait to play it.
Overdone and dry.
nice, love to play it later on today
"I am my brand and my own sponsor" love to hear it, love to support you on Patreon.
With a game like this with such a good launch, just SPEND the money to support them. Most publishers and developers are going towards mobile gaming and such cause it is more profitable. Let's support this good company of publisher and developers
"Buy, Wait for Sale, Never touch?" Pre-order multiple times. Ask friends to pre-order too, tell em' all your treat.
Been a while since I heard someone mention the underrated Bully. :-)
I hope this game is so popular that that streamer who begged people not to play the game is forced to stream Hogwarts Legacy.
is the video craaaazy stuttery for anyone else? doesnt happen with any other youtube videos
I don’t remember Harry Potter hitting Dark Souls dodge rolls in the movies 😂
at 15:43 your character looks like oldmans vampire. if that was your goal, well done, also great review. Appreciate your no BS reviews
Glad I got it on steam I returned it within the hour it just feels like forespoken reskined as harry potter
That 2 second door thing is definitely them hiding a mini loading screen or pop in.
Get it preowned if you can so your not supporting anti-lgbtq groups.
Great review 👏 👌 👍🏿
Wish it was more open ended with a fun endgame activity :/
Can't wait to use dark spells
Muggledown Snickerdoodle is one helluva name! Makes a Potterhead happy they've managed to succeed, I'll be looking forward to when I can get my hands on this!
Can't wait to play it!
I still dislike the duelling animations. It looks too cartoony and spells lack that visual oomph. Even the dodging looks silly.
i know you can be hard on games i was not expecting this, thank you for your review i’m super excited
I just wanna fly on a broom tbh lmao
What platform was this reviewed on?  If it's said later in the vid, sorry in advance.  I'm looking for a heads up on performance come tomorrow. <3
19:28 Bruhhhh lmao
I genuinely chuckled out loud when you said "digital pad" instead of dpad like you were trying to stretch out the number of characters for a school that essay. 😂  Great review as always!
This isn't really a complaint, just something I'd like to see - I'm trying to avoid as many spoilers as possible as I am hyped for this, would you consider flashing a summary of the pros and cons near the end of the video and putting a timestamp there? You're one of the most trustworthy reviewers out there, and I'm looking for your quick thoughts while trying to expose myself to little about the game as I can, ha
endless twitter screeching to be inserted here
I'm at a point where I just need your opinions on a game before I decide to buy or not, no other reviews tell it like you do! Thanks for helping me get excited enough to pre-order Legacy.
Greatest pre-order I’ve ever made. And I did it not just because I love HP and FB, but also because bad people were trying to get the game canceled just because it didn’t fit their narrative.
I'm glad to hear the performance is good, it honestly looks really bad in your video here but maybe there's a framerate mismatch going on? Looks really stuttery the whole time I was worried that was the experience but I guess it's not
My Questions are   Is there a big difference in the story depending on the house you pick?   Good/Bad Wizard/Witch?  Does players actions change the story?  Multiple endings?  Replay Ability?   I'm personally waiting a few week's b4 I make my choice if I'm going to buy the game
"think out of the box" - like, attacking from a distance, or try a different approach, like..attack from a distance! The combat is so fucking boring lol.
Please always include what system your playing on...
magic only game with 26 spells yikes im out.
No BS, straight to what actually matters, as expected. Thanks for the unbiased, player-focused perspective. Only problem is you're making it difficult to avoid pre-ordering  XD
It seems like the “balanced” graphics mode might require VRR on your TV. Is that correct? What would you suggest in regards to Fidelity Vs performance? Thanks! First time seeing your reviews and it was great!
I'm happy to hear the game isn't a travesty like I thought it would be. I'm a little turned off by the bland story and the lack of choices affecting the story I've been hearing. I've also heard the houses don't really affect the gameplay (I'm not sure 100% on this, though). I think I'm going to wait until it's on sale. I'm not paying $70 for it, and the Playstation exclusive content is a turnoff.
I don't care about those annoying anti-woke morons giving attention to those journalists I just want to play the damn game
Absolutely creamed my shorts when I saw the upload, glad it’s not a let down, so excited to play later today
Can’t wait to play this
Good review and great looking game.
I can’t wait to get my hand in a copy of this!!
So glad to hear positive reviews from reviewers I trust. Very excited to play this tomorrow.
I want DLC for quidditch and other schools to visit so I can duel them.
I was super nervous about this game, but the first few words have given me hope.
Alr bet, when I beat dead space on impossible mode I’ll get this
Great review! Looking forward to it to delving into this game later tonight! However, I could grow a beard when I was 15 lol and I'm definitely not alone. Should be in the game.
You got a lot of positive comments in the gaming forums for your unbiased reviews.  Stay that way.   Don't go the way of Angry Joe.
"Con - gotta know how to handle your balls" lol
PC has the option to change FOV.
Oh thank God it's actually a decent. Most overhyped games nowadays never live up to hype so I'm Hogwarts legacy actually lives up the hype despite all the controversy.
Car troubles on my birthday week keep me from playing this gem.  Ugggg.  I'm glad it's all been done well.. It's a rarity these days a game looks better at launch than it does during special events.
Bought it already and will buy it to give to friends as well
0:32 Coat not dope; cope
so excited for this
I love that you include your time played in these reviews. That’s a big help - especially for an open world game. Hearing that it still felt fresh after that amount of time is a huge Pro on my list.
And Fleekazoid said this game would be sh*t   Lol
Thank you for your integrity
Dude… opening Youtube to see your review as my first recommendation really put a smile on my face. May the algorithm be ever in your favor. 🤞🏻  Fantastic review as always. The great pros and mostly minor cons really has me itching to play. Being able to talk about Hogwarts Legacy in the same sentence as titans like RDR2 and GTA5 is wild…   Finally, a big thank you for strictly focusing on *the game* and not…anything else. You have no idea how much so many of us appreciate that.
Sounds like the people who made it poured their heart and soul into it   Tempted despite not being a big fan of the books and finding the films mixed
Very glad this is living up to expectations so far. Also, “Peace out, gang gang” is far and away my favorite sign off you’ve ever done. 😂
This being released after people bought forspoken is hilarious
Day 1 purchase for me! Cannot wait!
I get Fable vibes from it and I that just jingles my bells.
Looks like an ubisoft game with bootleg Souls combat tbh
i so cannot wait for this game on PS4
I need something to wash away the garbage taste that Forespoken left in my mouth.
Yea but can I date a hufflepuff?
If you buy this you're literally killing trans people. Please don't buy.
D-pad means directional pad.
I might buy two just to keep JK Rowling in business! Love her!
I want a horror, folklore, harrypotter like game.
Jesus christ. Not a single one of you care about giving money to that monster. This world deserves to fucking burn, bring on the climate change.
Fantastic video
theres gonna be a lot of callouts from peoples jobs when this game is released.
Alphabet mafia punching the air rn 🤣
this is def one of my most anticipated games this year and I'm glad it's lived up to the hype, mostly !
Is there a photo mode? I feel like with recent games this should be a standard.
As many other stated, I am not a huge Harry Potter fan and I was super skeptical about this game initially, but this just looks incredible. Can't wait to pick up my preorder. I had a feeling this was either gonna be awful or amazing and I'm really happy to see this fall in the latter category. Thanks for the review!
Always my go to reviewer. Amazing job as usual, thank you!
I'll wait for sale or probably never touch. It's an overrated game
ACG you will forever be a bookmark in my brain for Honest gaming reviews. Cant stand  others who just make reviews with little to no playtime like this. Keep doing you my friend!
This game looks so fucking good (not graphics btw idgaf about that)
I love how the classroom thing is not just tacked on. Sounds like an actual part of the world. So excited for this.
And another game to avoid like the plague. Glad i never bought it.
i haven’t been seeing pc specific reviews, im wondering if my gaming laptop can handle, bc if i play and it’s not working i can’t take it back
Wow, over a full work week on a game that hasn't come out yet. I wish I still lived with my mom.
This game is going to do to forspoken what Elden Ring and BoTW did to the Horizon games
I'm excited
I’ve been waiting for this game for years so excited
The morphology of the player faces does seem pretty limited. Would be nice to get some more exaggerated options so you could build more distinct faces like a Neville Longbottom or Draco Malfoy.
YESSS!! ITS NOT A CYBERPUNK 2077
I'd take this over Red Dead 2 and GTA any day. Fun over simulation in my book.
Still waiting for the price to go down. Want to play I'm just poor.
I actually burst out laughing at the "you get to walk with the exaggerated swagger of a Hogwarts student" 🤣🤣🤣  Great review as always, but that caught me off guard 😂
This looks....slow... Traversal,  flight, fights...Is everything wand range fights? Any melee action at all?
Had a friend tell me this game was bad... we're no longer friends 🤣
Bought the game yesterday to piss off gays and libs,  AKA America's social Rejects
My faith in ambitious games is restored.
Top notch review as always! I'm very excited to play it.
<3
I just want to know if I should get the deluxe version or the standard. What know one seems to answer is if those exclusives are hopefully available later to buy or something?
Bet IGN’s review is about “human rights” and don’t buy the game despite the developers having nothing to do with their phony cause  Great review as always though my guy
Got my pre order let's go!
Seems like the Forespoken devs should look at this game to learn how to treat magic/spells
I'm not into Harry Potter anymore, but I must say this game actually looks really good.
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooop it didn't flop
Buy spellforce conquest of eo or bloodbowl 3 instead and wait for a deep sale.
I always trust your reviews the most. Setting a pre-order now for my baby sister because she’s so excited for it and I wanted to make sure the game was good first even if I don’t like supporting Rowling
I hope we get many,many sequels.  A game every year would be good.
3hours in & having a blast 🤘🏻
7min in and morning but a raving review. Gotta check more reviews.
Great to hear, I thought the combat looked a bit cheesy easy.  Also, great to see the clothing be more interesting, you always want some warm underwear and a good top hat!
I've been following this game like a HAWK. Not cause I planned on buying it right away (Like A Dragon: Ishin releases later this month), but because I was curious at the execution. Avalanche's backlog of games is...Odd, so I viewed this as their chance to strut their stuff. I trust ACG's opinion. If he says this is good. It's good. And that means Avalanche has proven they can do more than simple Disney IP's  Yeah, this will be a purchase for me in a month or so. Good job, Avalanche!
Oh so this is actually gonna be good
"No animals were har-" Literally sets 2 goats ablaze
Anyone know if fps is capped on pc? Only thing keeping me from pre ordering on pc
Guys.. . how are they using "leviosa" on human enemies, isnt the spell for lifting humans "levi corpus"! ?? ?
Such good news today that the reviews are so positive!!
So much good news, and your reviews are always gold standard. Thank you!
This looks so good can’t wait to try it
This game looks really fun, but I’ve never read nor watched any of the books/movies and have no interest in them… very on the fence about this
I can't wait for this game on Friday. :)
Wow I can’t wait to play this tonight!! This game really just put these guys on the map. So glad they seem to have pulled this off. Very ambitious game.
I think we can all say, Long Live ACG Reviews, best of the best.
The fluidity of the combat looks good. Got this on pre-order. Can't wait!
Great Review!❤
I can’t wait to play it! I haven’t been excited for a video game in such a long time, and likewise haven’t played one in years now. I feel like a kid again!!
Phew.   I always wait for reviews for games, especially these days, and I was worried this would be a shameless money grab.  So when ACG says it's good and doesn't get boring after 50 hours, I'm relieved.  As a Harry Potter fan growing up, I've always imagined a Hogwarts game with the ability to just explore the castle and the grounds endlessly, and it sounds like this is going to satisfy all those ideas.  Now I can finally get excited about this!
waiting for a sale.
I watched all the Harry Potter movies just to get an idea of the lore 😅. If anyone is interested, they are all on Peacock.
This will be my first pre-order in a while. Steam early access tomorrow at 10am PST is a nice perk for Deluxe edition.
after spending months terrified this game was going to fail but nonetheless being extremely excited for the possibility i broke my no pre order rule and took a gamble. ACG is in my top 3 of most trusted reviewers, and to see you raving about this game makes me feel extremely confident and melted away all my anxiety about my preorder. thank you.
I barely heard anything you said because I was stunned by the visuals
so, no bushy lumberjack beard option? worst game ever What I would like to know though is about UI options? I know you mess around with those and would be nice to be able to turn on or off some of those elements.
truly the darksouls of transphobic games
This game looks like it was made for me.
Between this and the absolute master class that is the remake of the original Dead Space, this year has me hopeful for games again. A year where games are just games and are finished titles at release.
Definitely getting this for my young Potter Heads. Thanks for your recommendation ACG.
SO GLAD THIS REVIEWED WELL. Thanks for the excellent review!
Haven’t even played it yet but, looking very forward to the ‘walk the walk’ on this one 👌
Id rather have upwards of years of delays and get a good looking game like this tbh, this looks way better than before and better than anything theyve released before.
hard to believe their previous game was Cars 3
I hope modders make more immersive UI  that thing really looks like it doesnt fit the aesthetics of the world
It pisses me off that even if you buy the game for both PS4 and PS5 in the PSN you can only play it on April if you have a PS4.
"NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED IN THIS TESTING" =))
Looks like Dark Souls: Hogwarts, at least in terms of environments, and that's not a bad thing.
Hoping the PC port is not a bug-fest.
This game is worth upgrading your system!
can i customize my characters abilities like enough to make different builds
Lmfao, so who's that far up their asses that we have to be up the characters' asses. In games that want to incorporate heavy and agile combat, they choose to put you in a broom closet or they just couldn't get enough of the Daredevil Netflix shows hallway fight scene. Now for anyone who knows just the basics of fighting, they're aware you need space and distance.
Forspoken: At least the worst of the roasting is over... **Hogwarts Legacy has entered the chat**
Honestly this game doesn’t look fun I’ll wait for a deep sale and get RE4
I didn’t realize that Willy Wanka went to Hagwortz.
I dont want call of duty hogwarts edition with puzzles.. which it seems like this game is.. i want an rpg
This is very good.      I was worried this game would be too ambitious and ultimately be more disappointing.    But apparently, they managed to meet expectations and then more!     A very welcome surprise. Can't wait to play! I've always liked Harry Potter.
MAN, this looks so much better than the footage I've been watching.  Can't wait for tomorrow
Sorry but that combat looks slow, deliberate, and extremely dull. Not my cup of tea but y'all enjoy it ;) Thanks for saving my money ACG.
I'd give up my pronouns for a mad max remake
ACG will always be the number 1 top tier game reviewer. Been here since your beginnings, thanks for the hogwarts review. Im definitely picking up this game now even though Ive never liked Harry Potter
Its really nice seeing the damage numbers so simple and not 23,456,000
i believe with that patch of 20 gb that was applied must have more smoothened out the game.
So relieved the game is as advertised! I’ve been so disappointed with the last few titles I’ve purchased as they all seemed unfinished or didn’t deliver on what was promised gameplay wise. Great review just preordered now!
I just hope the beautiful landmarks are like elden ring and BOTW in the way you discover them, resident evil 8 and horizon has beautiful landmarks too but it's the way you come thru a forest or mountain range and then into a clearing or cliff in elden ring and BOTW that's magical
If this game had a nick cave song in it, that would be the topping of the cake
Great review. I watched it, then watched IGN's (horrible of course), then came back to make sure I gave you a like
I've never watched any of the movies nor have i read the books. But I'll definitely be buying this
WTH is a digital pad??
So the game isn't like forspoken? I'm so glad.
I love your reviews, but I miss the chapters. Sometimes I want to just hear the "fun factor" section cus that's where I think you really distill the answer to the question of buy or not.  As always, thank you for your work :)
That too hat is stylish AF! 🤣🔥 Can't wait for my peaky blinders build 🙌🏽 haha
FOV you say? PC Master Race can fix that
Were there many choices that mattered? After reading articles about how the 3 Unforgiveable Curses are just...regular spells I wasn't sure if any of your choices actually mattered.
I PRAY studio executives take this game a good example of what should be the norm for games. Thankfully BRs are finally dropping out of popularity and hopefully live service is close to follow. Not to say those games shouldn't exist but it shouldn't be the ONLY thing that exists.
Karak going into the game, doing the hard work of going through all of the up and downsides. Me rolling on the floor because the character is named muggletown snickerdoodle.
So keen to explore this game world, I just wish the combat was more appealing. I'm sure it's as decent as you say, it just doesn't look particularly fun.
is it better to get it on xbox one x or pc on a 960 graphics card?
Question: So even after the end game you can’t unlock everything in the skill tree? Should we be selective when upgrading? Is there a way to resent the talent points if we don’t like our initial choices?
Devs has confirmed that the voice pitch setting is a glitch, that is caused by the default and custom pitches playing at the same time. It should be fixed in the Day-1 patch, but I'm guessing you didn't have access to it yet.
is there a good diversity of builds available?
“The most evil, difficult boss that we’re all fighting right mow is YT demonetization” 😂😂😂
Before this video I was pondering how to get time to play Yakuza Ishin and Atomic Heart that release in February the same day. Then ACG said, the combat is not easy... and now I have another game to fit in the schedule.
Man loves his top hats.
Not a big Harry Potter fan but definitely gonna pick this up cause this game looks pretty dope.
You are an important fascet of hogwars and magic history, but you dont ever come up in the history books or movies later on. I wonder if you are an important historical figure  but just have an alternate name?
I wish on mmos were more like this, focused more on game play and building the world than how can we keep you busy and buying more things
<3
I don't know...This just seems like the type of game that would've really benefited from having online multiplayer co-op. Can't help but feel like the ball was dropped.
I was curious how Forspoken and this game would come out, and it seems like I was totally correct about both. Thanks for this!
It's a shame there's so few spells in this game
Imagine some people out there want to boycott this.
19:26 oh no! I... I mustn't... don't say it....      The game really makes you FEEL like a Hogwarts student!
Glad you enjoyed it I can't wait to play it myself
I was going to skip on this game until watching your review. I was so convinced it was going to flop because so many in its style have. But when you’re still praising it 7+ minutes in, I know it’s a good one.
Please tell me there's HUD options. I like to play most games with minimal HUD to occasionally appear when I need something for a sec. Like minimized map compass and only showing health when I want it to during battles. Since I started doing this in games I've been far more immersed. Controls can be learned and I'm already used to fights without any hud.
Is the main story around 35 hours? I saw one article where it only took 18 hours?
Thank god, a preorder I don’t need to regret!! Thank you as always for the honest review.  I rely on your opinion to cut through the usual hype.  All the best from the UK
Nope
I am not a fan of HP, but this game has been on my radar.  After this review, a purchase is a no-brainer.
Ready for this game!! Getting my copy tomorrow!!
If there is anything to take from this review it is that Hogwarts legacy is like a mullet.
“Peace ou, gang gang” 😂😂😂
Now all we need is a LOTR game with the whole Middle-Earth world to explore.
I hope that they will include a Wardrobe system like Cyberpunk did later on where you can lock in clothes you found for the look while keeping the stats of the better gear
Why four spells only at a time? Oh yes it’s because it is a console game and there’s only 4 buttons. In a game like pathfinder I can have like 20-30 spells on the UI at any time. It’s kind of silly to have a wizard game but you only can cast 4 spells.
I didn't think it was out yet already ordered it can't wait to play it
Is this game of the year?
Your character looks like a thrift store Willy Wonka 🤣
I’m not really a big Harry Potter fan but I’m so happy that this game is getting glowing reviews.  Boycotting a game that doesn’t even feature the person in question is just ridiculous.  These developers put all their heart into developing this game .
That's it. I'm getting the game now.
One of the best compliments you can give to a game is saying it's not at the same level of gta5 and rdr2 but it's a game that makes you compare it because of it's quality
So Buy now?
that target outline is terrible design
wow I can't believe it. Finally a game that lives up to expectations. I didn't think it could be done! So excited to get my hands on this.
Will this game have online ?
I can’t get over how much Karaks’s character looks like Rej
Glad the developers made a good game. Still won't buy it until not one ounce of the profits go to Rowling, but I can at least appreciate the effort put into the game through this review.
If Atomic Heart turns out to be a flop I think I'll get this instead.
Unfortunately,  keeping that FOV so close is probably what is allowing them to maintain better frame rates. 😬
Makes you feel like Hogwarts, 10/10
Am I allowed to ask why the hell you’re reviewing a game that comes out in april?
I thought for SURE you were playing this on high end PC, super impressed to see you were on console and it looks this good!  One question I do have is how much does being a harry potter fan impact the enjoyment of this game do you think?  (Not sure if you mentioned you were a fan or not) As always, thanks for the review, the only one I ever care about seeing is yours cause I know I can trust it.
It’s a shame this game has to be tied down by JK, genuinely wanted to check this out, but I wouldn’t want one dime going to that bigot.
The only reviewer I truly trust. Great video, looking forward to playing
I wonder where all the doom-cries went so suddenly, that were absolutely sure this game was ugly, the open world was bad, and the game was too easy.
Do I have to play this game 4 times. Once for each house or are all quests house independent?
I'm so pleasantly surprised that this looks so good in release
Thank God it's good.
I’m picking this up on PS5, I’ve wanted a good HP game forever
Not gonna get the game as a trans I am sticking my money where my mouth is but good work on the devs and hope people get to enjoy it.
Do you feel like this plays better on mouse and keyboard or controller?
Unless I missed it, I can't see anywhere where it says what platform you're reviewing this for. I would assume it's PC but played with a controller?
When did directional get replaced by digital in D-Pad?
Need new Bully game
Babe wake up ACG uploaded again
good to know which reviewers we cant trust
its not another anthem! congrats to the devs
Hogwarts is about to become GOTY for sure
Pleasingly impressed! Great review, as always!
I'm not a huge ranog harry potter and I don't know if the game offers more beyond that. I'm going to passion this, but I'm happy this is coming out for all the people who love the IP
Very nice to hear that the combat can be difficult and satisfying. That was the only thing that looked iffy in the preview videos.
Your character looks like Pinball Wizard Elton John most of this vid and I love it!
combat looks so fun. that was my only concern.
So excited to get this
Thank you for actually reviewing the game and not trying to win instant online points by declaring it bad because the IP creator said controversial stuff.
20:57 for the verdict.   Sorry ACG, I plan on watching this in its entirety but I already am getting it and am trying to remain as info free as I can so everything is brand new for me. Love your content!
I'm not going to be gaming for the next year or so... can't wait to try this game out... mw2 and hogwarts xD
Just me or it is weird that characters have their wands drawn all the time?
This was great but I do wish you had touched on the story in a non spoilery way. My biggest concern is how this game is going to depict the main villains: the goblins and whether they chose to lean into some problematic tropes. Until I get confirmation that they didn't and it is a nuanced portrayal, I can't in good conscience support this game.
I heard this game is radically transphobic.  I think I'll buy it, just so people know I'm not mentally ill.
I'm gonna buy it just because the woke don't want me to.
Wow the image is so over sharpened and has a blurry water color look. Might be one of the worst looking games i've seen
Buying this game because of J.K Rowling
Clear and thorough review as always, Karak. I am definitely picking this up.
I hope the modding community very quickly comes up with mods for character creation to make it so all the characters don't look like they are all cousins.
Yo, that coat was dope
Oh no, the fov situation....I had a problem w/ One Piece Odyssey making me nauseous and I wonder if it's the similar close FOV. I pray it doesn't happen for this bc I haven't been this hyped for a game since FFVIIR 😭
No quidditch, repetitive copy/paste enemies, bad graphics...these positive reviews must be bought. What a load of crap. GET REAL
I can never take anybody serious that comains about FOV. Just play the game how it is. The devs set the FOV a certain way for a reason.
Your green hat is giving me a good chuckle for the whole review
Can't wait for this to be ported to VR
As a life time fan who read Harry Potter from 2nd grade on, I couldn't help but get hyped for this even though I do my best not to anymore with so many games launching broken or on false promises. Happy to see this is exceeding expectations
I cannot WAIT!!!!
When he said "It's a buy right away" I immediately said "oh thank God".
i'm actually hype for the game and lets be honest.. on the face customization.. Pc player won't have to much problem with mods that gonna pop in not long after the release ;D
Better review than IGN
Once I saw just how hard Avalanche was working on this I started to get behind it. And they have done a phenomenal job so far.
Excellent miles morales joke nod 🤣🤣🤣
Glad this one turned out good! Was waiting for your review.
Huge Harry Potter fan. But i didnt expect much from it after Gotham Knights.  This sounds like my dream game.
Thanks for getting this out!
Morning thanks for the video always love your reviews and dang I was hopping to snag the code for this
Hopefully this is a wake up to companies to stop catering to the crybabies on twitter.
I'm so happy the devs didn't screw this one up. Great to hear that so far there isn't any game breaking bug, looks good to me.
Did he call the D-pad the "Digital Pad"? 🤔
Can you fart?
To everyone who didn't buy Forspoken and decided on this instead, good job. Let's enjoy a better made game.
Your top hat is really selling me on this.
I actually expected this game to flop like Anthem and Cyberpunk 2077. I sure feel real good being wrong here.
I’m playing this on the most difficult level for sure
Is the game better with a controller? I haven't seen keyboard and mouse gameplay yet.  Some games are best with controller, like Monster Hunter and Dark Souls, even on pc.
I want DLC!!!!!
I saw this also comes out on Switch, is that streamed or is it a super inferior version running native on switch?
so a whole bunch of fetch quests, but fetch quests with purpose.... got it.
Man, i'm surprised this turned out like it was advertised. A rare deliverance nowadays. Thanks for summing it all up!
You know if the Internet Trolls are against anything, you know it will be the opposite and amazing
How did you feel about the pre-order bonuses (if you received any)?    Were they noticeable, or would you miss not having them?
Looks nice..but I have 0 interest in the content. Boys running around with little wands on brooms is just...I dunno, seems kinda juvenile. But beyond that, I am bored of these types of games...they need to expand the ACTUAL actions, rather than just calling in 3-7 animations/powers, etc. I think it's time to incorporate more problem solving via environment, rather than just button mashing. Some games went along those lines, but we've moved away from them sadly... Anyway, looks like a Potter wet dream for fans!
I've been waiting for a hands on review. After Cyberpunk I've sworn off Day 1 purchases but I'll break my rule for this one
I wonder how they handle bathrooms….
It's still crazy to me that they are staggering the release of the game. So unless you were lucky enough to get a PS5 or Xbox X/S or have an absurdly good PC you literally have to wait two months to play the game.
This is just another Far Cry clone. Like really, what does running around the woods fighting random dudes in bandit camps have to do with attending a magic school? What is actually different about this game from any Ubisoft title?
im sure the game is great , but i saw alot of clipping through people , and objects in the video , if it was cyberpunk everyone would be crazy about it
RIP the hagrid actor guy
I don't care for Harry Potter and won't be buying this game but I just hope that it doesn't let it's fan base down as so many other adaptions have done over the years!
Game looks great! Really looking forward to getting my hands on it.
Thanks for the review! I'll have to pick this up
Your review footage looks an entire generation ahead of what the actual devs shared so far. Not often game looks better then expected. Nice!
Thinks so much for this I appreciate it I can’t wait to get the deluxe edition Tuesday
Muggeldown Snickerdoodl?! I'm so gonna steel that!!! Great review as always thanks you!
I never got into Harry Potter but think the game looks interesting, would I like the game?
Please be good Please be good! 🤞
Avalanche seems to be hiding the PC version are we getting another Arkham Knights fiasco? A bit disappointed it was completely glossed over here seeing all of these positive reviews are going to make alot of people buy and if Avalanche farmed the port out like Arkham we could be in for a really disappointing time.
I absolutely despise J.K. Rowling as a person, and that she benefits from this seemingly pretty good game. Her actions and opinions will stop me from buying this game, but as a former fan of Harry Potter I'm glad the fans that remain get an awesome experience.
No FOV slider is a huge deal breaker for me. What a shame.
Me who already preorder the deluxe version waiting to play when I get home watching a review if I should buy it
I need to remind myself that I can’t judge a game on small samples of combat previews because I love the souls games and that’s not fair. I wrote this off after watching some samples of it but the draw seems to be something entirely different.
How does this guy already have the game and I do not yet?  Not fair
Can’t wait to play Friday
I will join your Patreon just because you had the balls to review this game! Thanks!
I thought this game had pve/co-op multiplayer?
Never clicked on a review this fast before!!! I hit play while my finger hovered over the "refund" button on my Microsoft account and by the time your eloquent, masterfully presented review ended I pulled my finger away from my phone screen  with
fov is dealbreaker
Nothing makes me more happy than to hear your rating on this
ACG
"The most evil boss we are fighting right now" is not JK's dangerous ideas and people's opinions on that?
I read all the other comments below, they all said what I was thinking. Thank you for the review! I knew this one was going to be a homerun!!!
Despite my personal issues, and my choice not to purchase it;   I am very happy the game turned out good, well made, and enjoyable for those who chose to engage with it!
Gotta love me  some J.K. Rowling
Ok. But. How much of a dark wizard can I be?
Love JK Rowling. She’s a genius.
My 4090 gonna love this
So glad to see my hype for this game was right. So many people said this was going to be a flop, I think this will win an award or 2 at the VGA. May not be goty, but it'll be a good one.
So it's worth pirating at least. Too bad the money goes to support racism, antisemitism and sexism.
Hopefully they release a patch that allows you to adjust the FOV.
I heard that every hour played in this game fills a cup with woke tears. So I am gonna play the living S. out of this game
I kept my expectation low but  this is a pleasant surprise. The combat system looks like something new
Well that's great news!
whenever I'm on the fence... you get me off of it... blessings brother
It's 2023. Yet another game with no FoV adjustment? I've played several games on console that have FoV adjustments built in. There's no excuses at this point to not have it, especially since it sounds like it gives you plenty of other visual options. Game does look fun though. Hopefully the PC version will have it.
Can't wait to spend hours just wandering Hogwarts. Honestly super pumped for this title and even moreso that the game is actually good.
jackfrags showed fov slider, im guessing he was on pc
This is great. Honestly impressed with Avalanche Software because they’re a studio with nothing close to this scale under their belt. Good job devs.
You are one of the only reviewers I can trust to give me an honest unbiased review these days. Bravo.
Forgot how good your reviews were. Thanks for this.
I'm actually surprised a AAA game is worthy of that title now. Wow. Good on them. There's been so few in the last decade.
the game looked good in the prewiews the one thing i was worried about was that the combat would become boring and monotone thankfully you debunked that worry im getting this game now:).
A lot of the mechanics in this game you're talking about remind me of Assassin's Creed Odyssey. Very excited to get my copy and take time off from work to play!!!
I hope it has/gets a new game plus
There is also so much potential for dlc’s. I mean just imagine a dlc where they add multiplayer dungeons where you can hop in a difficult dungeon with a couple buddies and turn out huge rewards!
Thanks for the review, ACG. It's appreciated!
This looks like Elden Ring except the only class you can play as is Mage lol
Thanks.
Very pleasantly surprised, was expecting a 60-70/100
He said buy, let's goooo
Looks great! You convinced me to pick it up. I am disappointed I can't run through the world with a buddy. I was under the impression it was multiplayer. Sad.
Ok now I can't wait ti play thank you.
I'd like to see a review from someone who hasn't seen the movies and desired to be in the universe of the films and books.
I'm not even a big fan of the HP stuff but imma get this. A good game is a good game
A lot of people was ragging on this before even coming out. Saying it'll just be another vanilla RPGs experience, and honestly even if it was, it's still was going to be a solid game. I'm glad to see they not only pulled off the world but ALSO made the gameplay fun and interesting. Great job devs.
This game would've been so much better if it was done by rockstar.
I'm not a huge fan of HP, even though I've read some of the books and seen all the movies. But as a video game, this is looking and feeling really great. And is worthy to stand proudly beside legendary titles like RDR2 and The Witcher 3.   More than the graphics itself, I love how deep the developers have actually gone to create the open world. It looks soo full of detail and life. Like in every corner, there is something to be found and enjoyed.  I personally am satisfied with what I see, and will definitely buy the game. Hope there are not many technical issues. And that the developers can understand the criticisms and work on them.   Lastly, I hope that the developers release a quidditch DLC xD
So you would say that it makes you feel like Batman?
Cheers ACG, glad to see this video already doing well.
Definitely buying this when it goes on sale.
You chose violence.... Lol
These DEVS and creators deserve so much credit for actually delivering on what so many of us have wanted.  Such a small name too!!
Can you adjust the height or weight of your character?
I knew i was right to pre order the Deluxe Edition i very rarely do but as soon as i was aware the dev team  was Potter heads i knew they wouldn't let the game down. Cannot wait to load up tomorrow.
Only thing that sucks is no multiplayer wouldve been cool, if they had it like from software, you can join games to help or to invade
Great review!
OMG what are you guys saying, this game looks AWFUL graphically - these face animations look like from 2010
Muggeltown snickerdoodl is dripping swagoo
So far the main downside i can see from your gameplay is the ui. It’s seems like there is way too much of it and it. Is way to big. Hopefully there are options to turn off some of the ui or make it smaller
Thanks!
Great review ACG. Looking forward to playing Hogwarts. Keep up the great content 👏🏾
It's certainly reassuring to finally be hearing real reviews.  Legacy is a game I've thoroughly expected to be another WB cash grab, so I am happy to hear it's turning out to be everything people hoped for.
I'm pleasantly surprised to see a positive review for this game. I expected it to be the usual junk that takes advantage of an existing IP. I wasn't interested in this AT ALL until now!
I will definitely pick this up at some point thanks for the vid
I can't even count the amount of times a game "Im super excited for" has let me down... and often drastically. Taken time off work for a launch.... for no reason at all.... I will hold my own judgement but boy... From everything I have seen and heard.. im pumped.  I am taking a day off.. and binging the f*** out of this lol
If the game cannot be repetively replayed with a NG+ features, no matter how good, it doesn't justify this high price they want you to pay for it.
Wait did I miss the buy, wait or never touch? :D
Always glad to see an ACG pop up in my notifications! Also really happ that this one turned out to be a good game! I may not be a hard-core Harry Potter fan but even I can't deny that the world of it is pretty amazing. Really nice to see something represent it well!
But what about the politics? We all come to games for politics and not gameplay right?
they really need to add quidditch
Was hoping to see your review before the release. Made the buy. Thanks
GOTY 2023 :)
Imagine if combat worked this way in Harry Potter movies, people getting juggled and thrown around (or smashed multiple times on the ground) and Harry knowing more than 3 spells throughout all his education
Great review. Really looking forward to playing this.
Not really big into HP, but this game looks cool. I might check it out in the future.
Is there replay value in the game? Say choosing a different house?
This video was very well done, bravo sir. I gift you........ a sub!
I'll buy this on sale, if only to trigger the blue hairs.
I'll be honest here, the best thing I learned from this video, is that there's a podcast on Spotify, which means I can listen at work, and I like that most.  Game looks real good, not a huge Potter fan, but it looks good, prolly keep my eye out for a good sale if people stay stoked on it.
This looks brilliant.
Excellent review. I have VRR display and a PS5 what graphics mode is best for this set up? Thanks
Lol, gamer boycotts will never exist.
Not a fan of Harry Potter books, so I'll just skip it.
I will name my first born son or daughter Avalanche if this game  is actually good
How are FOV settings still not the standard on console?  It's insane to me.
I'm curious how much impact which house you join has on the game? There has been a lot of speculation but nothing concrete.
I need to know if there is a fov slider on PC I can't stand low fov games just nauseating
Muggledown Snickerdoodle. It works. Oh and peace out gang gang! Lol
Thanks for reviewing the music.
Great content as always. Thank you ACG.
Well homie, i don't like harry potter but you just convinced me to buy it.
ACG and Mortismal gaming are the only two reviewers I have 100% faith in. Glad I pre-ordered this game.
Thank you for your work, Karak.  For me, probably my best first game of the year, and we're off to a great start.
This is the best review of this game so far by a lot. Such great detail and explanations.
Imma pre-order this!
I'm so fucking hyped to play this and get lost in that world!
You can chose not to review games sometimes. When something comes with such negative baggage and a message of pure hatred, maybe pass next time. Disappointed you would even give it the time.
Thank you for the review looking forward to game! Was hurt in a work injury so appreciate the chance to win a copy as well. Favorite review channel by far.
Im so happy this delivers. The design and dev team can be extremely proud.
50 hours into it? You rock man. Thanks for the overview, this game has gradually gone from something I had next to no interest in to one of my more anticipated titles of the year... looking forward to hopping in this week!
Happy this game is getting good reviews and very happy that ACGs review was almost at the top of my search 😁
Game of the Year contender
But is there any romance tho?
Woot I was hoping you'd gotten this posted 😁😁😁
Acording to the NME review PC performance is bad. Gonna hold off till it's straightened out
Gang gang, Carrick, gang gang
Blurring potential spoilers is always such an appreciated move. Great review!
JK Rowling is based af
Ahoy! Looks like it's time to sail the open seas once more.
let's gooooo so stoked for tomorrow
Thanks ACG, I really appreciate having a reviewer that I trust. You’ve never done me wrong!
JK Rowling is a god
It looks amazing but I dislike the whole combat thing. It's too much.
It really concerns me that they did nothing with squidditch. I hope this is a great game
How in depth was the part of the game where you round up all the trans people and blast them with Avada Kedavra?
Just a few more hours, hang in there fellow students, we're almost there.
Awesome review as always 🔥
wow, no wonder some people said it is like playing RDR 2, can't wait for my digital copy to be available so I can play this ASAP!
Wands are just guns, like every other shooter? lol, no thanks.
Great video. We really appreciate blurring certain parts in order to avoid spoilers while still showing gameplay.
Glad i pre ordered yesterday (not deluxe i can manage to wait until friday) But man is next weekend completely booked!! Exited to have this on PC in 4k . Another great and to the point review from ACG!
I wasnt into HP but seems like Im getting this one, getting angry twitterpeople even angrier is a plus
Dope coat.
I’m not a Harry Potter fan, but I planned on reverse boycotting this game anyway, but heck. It looks amazing. Can’t wait to play it!
As usual thank you. I was just going to buy this game, to tick off a couple of chestnuts but. You're saying the games well-made and actually fun? Sign me up for two copies.
This is the first Harry Potter IP I've been interested in.
Time to buy a PS5
Karrak.... doesn't it just feel good to have a major video game release and just be what it says on the tin for once? And to come from a lesser-known, lesser pedigree developer and see them produce such an artful and well-executed labor of love and just give it to the world like, "We think this is pretty cool, we'd love for you to enjoy it."  Feels good, man.  Thanks always for the detailed and insightful/thoughtful review as always. (Sorry if I spelled your name wrong, was from memory lol.)
Do you need a constant internet connection in order to play this game? I'm asking because I've seen its covert art saying internet connection required, that's basically implying that it needs a constant internet connection.
Great review, thanks.
Always enjoy your reviews!
#1 viewed on twitch after 2 hours of being live in the east= world record.
The one review I was anxiously waiting for.
FOV issues sound worrying as I play on 32:9 and if that's not properly supported it can make it even worse.
Wow. A ultra-hyped game that's not a let-down? Color me surprised! Good job Hogwarts Legacy Devs and company!
It's The Witcher...Harry Potter edition.   I'll wait
wow you referenced that Miles Morales statement lol.  But i am so happy that this game was actually good.
Tomorrow morning lets go!!!
Thank you for this review. I was waiting for it
Ahhhahaha! This is going to tick off the Twitter brigade even more. Not only did their boycott fail miserably, but the game is getting glowing reviews.
Has this been tested on PC or consoles? Seems like I missed that part…
A licensed Harry Potter game - the last thing I expected to be anything more than average - beat Forspoken. This gen has been surprising.
And not a single word concerning the  "controversy"/Boycott, thank lord!! Already bought the game and am waiting for midnight to begin my download (deluxe edition) :D
Wonder if we can change fov on PC, excellent review!
Yep!! And ALL the Jk Rowling haters can stuff it!! 😆 😆
Is there an arachnophobia mode?
I was wishing for this. Only reviewer I trust
The combat actually looks fun. That was my one worry i had for the game.
ACG, I was hoping to hear the part where you go quiet and show off the ambience!
I have to say, I really like the number values for damage are digestible, so to speak.  I get the Vegas-style glam for every one-hit skeleton in Vampire Survivors being worth 3 billion points, but just seeing the number "6" pop up for a direct wand hit in this video honestly hit just right; when another hit shows "30," it does feel that much more clear how significant it is.
I can't wait until tomorrow to play!
im not an HP fan. read the books as a kids, only bothered seeing the movies recently (except i saw the first two back in the day), they were ok. but it was just never one of those worlds I got sucked into. Good books as a kid, but that was it, and unlike I think a lot of HP fans, i read a lot as a kid. these werent the only fantasy books/worlds i read so I think thats part of it. HP to me was just another fantasy setting, but far from the only one i had been brought into. So I'm personally not interested in this, even as good as it is. I just wouldn't get immersed. HOWEVER, my wife, i think would love this. She IS a huge HP fan. she's not much of a gamer, Pokemon, Animal Crossing, Sims, but this kind of game, the open world, explore, take your time, game set in the HP universe i think would be right up her ally. The question now is, do I wait for the Switch Port (the console she plays on, her PC can't handle this), or do i get it for PS5 when i get one soon. probably the latter.
Always love your reviews. Thank you for doing this one.
30fps is a deal breaker,  pass!
Good to hear the hype is justified. Thanks for the review!
As I watch this gameplay I can’t tell if this is more assassins creed style open world or red dead, I guess it will depend on the quests
Ok I have never watched a Harry Potter movie nor I have read a single book,  but based on how this game looks and this review I will definitely play this.
Press triangle to spit on muggles
Always nice to see a game that looked good actually turn out to be good.
After Forspoken being the utter disappointment it was, this is the magic game I needed as the best Harry Potter fan.
Glad this is good - I'll be getting this second hand to make sure Joanne doesn't get any money from it, so gotta wait a bit to jump in, thanks for the review ACG!
Buying this for my wife because it's her birthday and she loves Harry Potter. This looks insane. Guess I'm buying it for myself too
The YouTube algorithm is winning today! I opened it about to search for your review and didn't need to... It was the first thing that popped up. Win.
My bro asked me, "What have you heard about 'Hogwarts Legacy'?". I said, "I haven't heard what Karak thinks of it so far." Now I did, and I can tell him he said it's a winner winner, chicken dinner. Looks like another game to add to the backlog, which has now become a collection, its so vast. 🖖
Comprehensive, Consistent & Clever.   This is why I listen to ACG reviews over major publications.   Keep up the incredible work 😎
My boy said "con: know how to handle your balls." 😂
I really hope this game sells and twitter doesn't ruin everything like always
So I guess wait for sale for me, great video as always 👍
Thanks!
A dash instead of the roll would look way better
the micro detail in the textures look fantastic!
Okay I am convinced !!! LFG!!
I’m a casual Harry Potter fan.  I ignored this game the whole time it was being developed.  Karak’s excellent review is the first time I’ve looked at this game.  Gotta admit that it looks pretty damn fun.  I’m gonna try to hold off until a sale.
It made you forget about "Harry Potter themself".  😂😂  I see what you did there. Screw you, JKR
Looked excellent throughout all its previews so glad to hear that it delivered in the end. Now we just need a similarly styled open world ATLA game
This is the game I've been wanting for many many years
Please notice dope coat!!!!
Hearing that you can actually get lost in the castle makes me so happy. That was biggest wish for this game
Awesome review, once i can afford a sub I will.
I feel I will spend far more time just walking and flying around in this world doing nothing but roaming.
I rarely purchase a game without hearing your opinion. This one I preordered and hoped that you would like it. I’m glad you did :)
As always, thank you for your review for this. I am, however, very curious how the PC performance is, as there is no videos out there, leading up until launch the cover it, whatsoever.that’s troubling to me. Sounds like I’m going to give the balance performance setting a try on PS5. I’m assuming that’s gonna ride the line between 40 and 50 FPS while still maintaining no less than 1440p resolution. It really depends on how drastic of a downgrade the performance (60fps)visuals are.
Thanks man, your reviews always have everything you need to know
Omg, a AAA game that is not a "Wait for a sale/updates"
Great ! I'm no HP fan but I wanted that game to be good, because its world deserve a proper video game.
I'll have to pick this up seeing that the combat and exploration have depth. I was concerned about combat videos I saw on Twitter but they were also posted by ppl on a mission to slander the game.   Glad ACG tells it like it is very rarely do I find myself disagreeing with your assessments. Great work!
After watching early footage of the game, I really thought it was going to be a disappointment. I'm very pleased to see a game do what the developers promised
Glad to hear this game was made with passion for the source material and respect for the player! Will definitely pick this one up! Thanks again ACG!
I'm suoer stoked.. glad to see you give it a review. You are one of the only reviewers I trust.
Excellent Review!! Appreciate the honesty and the thorough approach as always. Great job ACG!
I thought it was going to be mediocre considering it's Avalanche but I'm glad I was proven wrong.
I'm going to buy it second hand, so none of the profits of the sale go to bigots.
I'd like to remind everyone this developers last game was cars 3, (different avalanche than mad max), and it's being published by wb, who has not the best track record, so this is truly a miracle for all Harry Potter fans, can't wait to play
Sounds like the anti-Forspoken which is a good thing.
Seems like a decent try, just 22 years too late.
ACG is consistently a benchmark for great and fair reviews. But goddamit, this review means an even greater load on gaming budget for the month. I was planning on spending only on Like  A Dragon Ishin, but now I’m going to have to get this as well.
PC has a form of FOV I think. Also higher fidelity. So I am really looking forward cranking stuff to the max with my 4090 and I expect to be able to reach 4K 60fps at least. Even if DLSS is needed.
I’m Not Gonna buy it but I do always enjoy your reviews
I am pleasantly surprised by this! I was thinking that I would skip this game but this world and the combat looks so fun.
A light RPG with limited open world fatigue? Sign me up!
Ga r s ssscserrr
I love ACG for his review style but I didn't really understand his review for this one. I found it kind of all over the place
Oh hell yeah I can't wait to get my hands on this beauty!!
"It's like the mullet of open world games."  What more could we ask for? Great review, though! Keep up the good work!
Not watching the video, Im, for sure buying and dont want to spoil a single thing for myself. Did hit the thumbs up though love the content ACG!
Your reviews are always on point.
I was so scared this game would be too ambitious and a complete disaster, but seeing such a trustworthy source like this give an overwhelmingly positive review just made me so incredibly happy. Thank you ACG for your efforts in putting this review together! You provided a ton of relevant information without spoiling anything.
Why is everyone saying boycott?
Ughhh what a relief this game is getting amazing reviews. I’m so excited to play tonight
I'm glad we are starting the year with some great titles. Glad this is not a disappointment. As im really excited. Thank you for reviewing this game. Happy New Year @ACG.
Thank you so much for this review. I'm even more excited now.
Great video as always!
I heard, that PC performance is rough. Did you have the chance to check PC out, at least a bit?
Now if Atomic Heart can launch successfully we will have one hell of a February. Dead Space smashed it out of the solar system, Hogwarts is reviewed really well….Atomic Heart LOOKS good, if it follows through I’ll be so stoked
Was worried for this game, but sound’s surprisingly great. Might need to pick this one up!
i’m definitely excited and probably playing on hard more challenging and take my time.
"Expando Chaptero!" :D :D Thanks for the honest review!
I trusted you to deliver a high-quality, noise-free and to the point review and that's exactly what this is. Can't wait for the game now.
Jeez that thing is going to drain my absent social life.
After Rage 2 and Just Cause 4, I was expecting another meh game from Avalanche. Feels good to be proven wrong.
I love open world games. And this looks like a great quality game. But I've never read/seen Harry Potter and have no interest in doing so. Does it work with a zero level of fandom for the subject matter?
The character creation all looks very ASIAN! I mean I don't mind cause I'm Asian but still, I don't like it.
How much did they pay you?
looks like the developers took creative liberty with Dragon Age's combat system but due to the Harry Potter franchise having a main focus on magic users it's a mage only system here.
It looks better than the trailers. How often does that happen?
The UI looks goofy and clunky to me.
I am so glad this game is getting good reviews. I already know this is a day one buy for me, and this just solidifies it.
Not a fan at all of Harry Potter, but I am a fan of open world fantasy games. Definitely picking this up
Got an ad for Hogwarts Legacy after I clicked this video 😂
Is there a story review anywhere in here? No spoilers just want to know whether there’s actually a story and if it’s decent
Is there an option to turn of spiders in this game like there is in Evil west my son wants to play it but won't caused he is afraid of spiders Thanks in advance
wow this looks FAR better than any of the footage they have released prior to release. how rare that is these days.
Not a fan, abit hater too but this game look solid might reconsider after see more review and gameplay
There are other reviews complaing about crazy fps drops and overall performance problems on PC
I bought it just as a FU to woke activists, glad it’s a good game too.
All hail Muggledown Snickerdoodle and his dope coat! 🤣
+
Great review cannot wait 2 play this game 🎮 look forward 2 more of your reviews
Happy to hear about a game that gets its ip right.
14:32 Professor using illusion magic to pass through that student.
meh I'll wait until they remove denuvo
I don't like harry potter but i was curious about the game. Might wait for a sale, the combat seems weak, it's like division with wands
The animations during combat look so great and varied. I couldn't stand watching the Forspoken reviews where she's just flicking her wrist constantly.
Thank you very much for respecting your gamer audience by avoiding the politics the woke mob is insisting on shoving down our throats.
Thnx for another indept review without bullcrap bro, hope your channel continues to grow, you deserve it
Feels like everyone I talk to is looking forward to this game, heard a lot of people say “I’m not that into Harry Potter but I’m going to get this” and I’m glad to hear it’s good
50 hours not for completion right?
Bump for the mighty al gore rhythm. 😉
Great review ACG. I hope the Switch version is good.
I never buy a game full price. Especially in this woke commie gynocentric Era of gaming. I need to wait to make sure there are stupid woke propaganda in the game. Plus as a PC gamer, we always have deals so I can and will wait for price cuts.
I think they could a done beards. Kids in my highschool has beards lol even if not all of them were great
Thank you for this fantastic review, i was on the fence of getting this game. Glad the cynic in me was wrong this time.
I really have never cared much for Harry Potter, but at least the game is good. Btw can we get a Percy Jackson game someday ? Someone hop on it.
Is it me or the game is heavily oversharpened?
I don't buy a game until I've seen ACG's review. That being said, thanks for confirming my decision to buy.
refreshing to se a game that isnt frustratingly disappointing..
Excited to get this!
Have I been wrong all these years? I thought it was called a directional pad.
Can you bang anyone in this game??
Acg likes it?  Done.  I was already interested in it, so it's a buy from me.  Great review, man.
Amazing review man. Been following you for years and still insist you do the most in depth video reviews. Can't wait to get my hands on it
Thanks for the review
Very dope
I wonder how long it took for that mullet analogy.
So glad this game is good. Thanks for the great review.
I feel like this was a very fair review. Will be picking this up
i hope that they have accessibility features like i discovered with the Forspoken demo, because i struggle with timing all the time and combat that requires timing sounds like it's going to make me too tense and give me lots of problems.
Your reviews are the best of the best. Love the details. Thank you ACG!
But no mini games at all :(
as an avid harry potter fan for 23 years I`m so glad this is actually being well received, waiting for a game like this for all my life will probably increase the value even more for me and fans alike, I can`t fucking wait to play it.
Does this guy really call the d-pad the digital pad or is there a digital pad on my controller somewhere and I'm an idiot?  Edit: yes that's my entire takeaway from the review.
Lack of character customization is basically a deal breaker for me. Pretty much the only reason I would get into a light RPG like this and I don't think I would be satisfied with it
Wouldn't be surprised if it gets GOTY award at the end of the year.
He said this game feels like a piece of history in the making! 🤦🏾‍♂️😮‍💨
I hope that this games success paves the way for similar styles games in the Star Wars and LOTR universes
I’m happy to see one of my favorite reviews thinks it’s a good game cuz the was triple a games been coming out I was worried
combat looks boring AF
n a n i
Performance on PC must be really broken, even with a 3080 FPS dip to 20-30 FPS. It's unplayable. PC gamers fucked over again.
What is the best graphic option or play this game since there are like 5 pls reply
The Trusted Review I have been waiting for.
Ugh. FOV is a big one. That might be a dealbreaker.
Bro these reviews are absolutely 🔥🔥. I love it here.
I agree with the comment on the face options. Every video I’ve seen the character looks like they’re Asian mixed and I don’t know if it has to do with the olive complexion of a lot of the character or the facial options in regards to the brows or eyes.
"Digital pad"? You mean "directional pad"?
The character creator looks pretty robust to me but I also kind of get that you always look a little bit childlike no matter what you do
Can anyone confirm if PC has an FOV slider?
expando chaptero haha... actually I expected trash but the game is really good I agree
Just don't pay for it :)
Glad to see this is actually a good game and not just a money grab. Looking forward to finally spend some time in Hogwarts :)
I never pre order games, but was seriouly tempted to do so for Hogwarts Legacy due to sanctimonious twitter lunatics going nuts about it, screeching for months, and "boycotting" the game. Glad to see that the game is good, will be getting it for sure. Another + is that those afromentioned twitter lunatics will seethe to see this game review well and sell well :) Big win all around.
Arry Pottah!?
from what I heard the pc performance is atrocious, if true they really need to improve on that before release
Well you like this game. Imma pray that Atomic Heart is a buy
I got 1 question. Does each house have its own story arc?
Still seems like no review really gets into how detailed the castle is? Does it over exceed what you can find and do and discover or is everything just..expected?
As someone who rarely buys games at full price anymore but is a big Wizarding World fan, this is the review I was waiting on before pulling the purchase trigger. Yet another great review from ACG.
What about the pc version? A german gaming site for pc games says the performance is horrible and gamebreaking at some times?
RDR 2 is a complete waste of my money. One of the games I wasted my money to buy. The gun aim was terrible in as much as I had to drop the game about 15hrs in to play Skyrim to remind myself how aiming in a game should feel like. I wonder why you are mentioning that terrible game
Never cared much for Harry Potter, but as a game, it looks pretty cool. I just feel I'm gonna miss out because I'm not an HP fan 😅
Appreciate the review! Have a good one.
Cool review
So, at the end of the day - you play a kid that looks like he came from Homobokin with a silly hat and a toy wand.
Game looks awesome ! I want someone to mod forspoken spells and combat speed into it lol
Why are grown ups hype for this? I mean I love RPGs buy this looks shallow and childish
Expando Chaptero 😊🤣 Great review - thanks!
Awesome review. Purchased it, because I generally agree with your enjoyment level on these kinds of games. Did wish you'd identify between PC and console versions more accurately.
Hey man your reviews have gotten SO much easier to watch all the way through. Thank you so much for this awesome review I cannot WAIT to play!
This is awesome 😃👍🏾 As always, I really appreciate your highly detailed reviews 👊🏾
HEADS UP FOR PEOPLE: As i said before to MANY youtubers  covering this game.POPPING,SHADDOW FLICKERING,SHADOW PLACING ISSUES ARE YEARS LONG WELL KNOWN PROBLEMS OF UNREAL ENGINE 4!!!!  DEVS CANT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT THEY CAN ONLY TRY TO MINIMIZE AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE!!!!!! THATS WHY INSTEAD OF PATCHING AND SEWING UP UE4  UNREAL ENGINE DEVS DECIDED TO START ALMOST FROM GROUND UP WITH UNREAL ENGINE 5 AND MADE LUMEN AND NANITE TO ADD TO IT AS A FIX  TO THOSE ISSUES IN UE4. THOSE POPUPS,SHADOW ISSUES WILL ALWAYS BE THERE EVEN IF DEVS THEMSELF  WERE FIXING AND PATCHING THE GAME FOR 2+ YEARS ITS JUST HOW UE4 IS AND ITS CORE CODE!!!! PEOPLE SHOULD BE ACCUSTOMED TO THOSE POPUPS AND ISSUES BCS THAST THE LIMITATIO OF UE4.
Actually looks pretty cool
😱😱😱
AI generated review btw
The game seems to be made by people who are passionate about Harry Potter and its lore. Also, I wonder if you could enjoy this if you don't know anything about Harry Potter.
Oh man this game is gonna do numbers
is anyone getting Fable vibes?
This comes across as a true passion project like Alien Isolation was, can't wait to play this.
I wish I could buy it u.u it looks good. Unfortunately she who must not be named would be supported by my dollars, and I can't do that
Great review as always. Pleasant surprise!
very surprised
With a game like this I feel as if quality reviews will be hard to find. So really happy he reviewed this one.  Game looks good. Glad it really seems to be the kind of Harry Potter game that people have hoped for. Not flawless, but looking fun.
Is motion blur disable an option for console settings?
Excellent review - thanks!
Thank god....Its safe to play a new game again.
The con where door opening takes a few seconds is odd, it looks like a loading pause instead of a loading screen. It looks like it was barely anything timewise if its that short.
You did not call your character Muggledown Snickerdoodl 😂
Lmfao good one 19:27
Hey ACG what graphical setting did you play on?
I'm glad to know all the cons are technical. It gives me ease knowing that the gameplay is great.
I am going Voldemort in this game 😇 looks amazing I didn’t preorder because I wasn’t convinced it was going to be this great. However, your review is changing my mind and I want to give it a chance as a Dark lord mofo 😅
Shame , I dislike Harry Potter , Hope Wild Hearts is good .
Glad this is good
I really don’t want to get my hopes up with games anymore but I’m praying this game is good because we desperately need a modern Harry Potter game (the mobile game, while pretty good, doesn’t really fill this).
Never touch
Glad to see that this game delivers! Can't wait to get my hands on it!  Great in-depth reviews as always! That's why I prefer your channel over other reviewers👍
I thought you are able to change FOV in the Options Menu?  Maybe it is only PC.
Cant wait for the mods on this ehehehehehe
Not a Harry Potter fan but this does look fun. Eventually, when it goes on sale. I did pick up a few preorder copies as gifts for friends, but I'm going to wait to pick it up for myself.
Gang gang! - he’s a Theo von fan
Not a big potter fan but this game looks so fucking fun.
You said gang gang had me fucking dying at the end lol
Comparing the open world to a mullet was absolute poetry.
“Concrete boots that sink ‘em into tedium” how does ACG come out with this stuff
Much better then the 10 minute ign review.
Only review I ever need.
It seems like it comes down to if the spelljuggling is good or not, console or PC may therefore vary very much. The mystique of locations is lost because I wouldn't play this alone in a basement with headphones on.
Now let's get a good LOTR RPG..
This game has UBISOFT graphics dna all over the game. Its VERY noticeable looking at the characters, the world, the combat and the UI.  Even the formula of quests is bloated and very repetetive.  Im shocked how overly generous you are,like seriously the first game you review i disagree with.  No wonder that people like Skill up didn't get a review code.. lol..  Guys if you didnt like Ubisoft games like modern Assasins creed,  this game is not for you. Its a  6.5/10 wait fot sale..
You're awesome at what you do, man!
Never played a HP game before, but will definitely get this.
I feel that I will plat this game eventually
Muggledown Snickerdoodl 😆🤣
Awesome review! My back log is a bit long right now, but now Im absolutely pumped to give this game a shot!
ACG has spoken!  The game looks phenomenal.
Is this game a good introduction to the Harry Potter universe?
Sucks YouTube censored you. Still love the reviews but the puns toned down is a bummer.
Not even one professor helping students with gender appropriation. 2/10 😂😂       Game looks great, instant buy.
One thing I was worried about is that you spend most of the game killing enemies and you end up being more of a mass killer instead of a hogwarts  student
I get the feeling most channels and websites would like to give this game “buy but don’t tell anyone”.
3:38 You can also dual ... wield magic wads? Oh, it was a duel. It peaked my WTF meter for a second there 😀
Sorta looks like a Harry Potter "Jedi Fallen Order" in gameplay style.
Was so happy to see that you had released a review for this game! I’ve been waiting for this game for a very long time like many others. I always love your reviews! The one question I had was how big the world feels. Sorry if you mentioned that, and I just missed it.
Unfortunate you didn't get to check out the PC version after hearing how many problems it has. I was hoping you'd be able to either confirm  or quell my fears.
Great review as always! I thought this game was going to be bad but I’m glad that it’s solid.   Some feedback on your reviews, have you ever thought about adding some kind of chime or sound effect when you have text listed? I sometimes just listen to your reviews and not watch them but I do like to read the pros and cons you add throughout the video.  Lastly, have you thought about adding all the pros and cons at the end of the video while the sound samples are going? Just some thoughts and keep up the good work!
Such a great review
would love to know if the PC version holds up
If ACG praises it, I know it's gonna be a great time. I'm excited to play this
I really don't like the prospect of supporting an active TERF for this property.
Day 1 buy for me and I'm not even a Harry Potter fan. I wish someday we can see a Middle Earth RPG made by developers who show dedication to the lore like this one.
Back 40?  Were you in the military!  We called the training area at Ft Campbell the “back forty!”
Anyone having issues with colour saturation levels changing back and forth during gameplay and cutscenes? Playing on ps5. My colour is constantly changing between two like saturation settings :(
YESSSSSSS
..And remember that there will be updates so probably voice pitch and other small things will be patched, hopelly.
Was this review based on a pre-launch patch version?
Just bought a PS5 yesterday for this game. My first Playstation since the PS1
Nice, I was expecting this to be phoned in garbage, so it’s exciting that it’s actually a pretty great game!  Thank you as always for the quality review. Now I have to add this into the schedule somehow lol.
Do you think they will add quidditch into the game later on?
Despite the books releasing as I went through school I never read them or watched the films. HP never interested me but this game looks fun & has my attention, thanks for the review Ive been waiting for & it looks like its time for me to delve into this setting. great work as always!
The power that ACG has over all of my video game purchases should be studied by psychologists.
Does it look good on the Xbox series s
The content in this game is so vast and enormous that can be enjoyed for hours of game play, kudos to developers to create a perfect magical game...
At least a lot of the issues you mentioned are patchable, like the FoV options and such. Sounds like the game is going to be great.
I'm happy this did well but I'll wait to get it. Got plenty of backlog games to go through.
I don't understand how anyone can say the combat in this game is phenominal when every clip I've seen are just enemies sitting there waiting for you to pound on them
"this game shouldnt be compared to red dead or gta 5, but the fact that im comparing it with these games says something!"  you lost me
Is r5 3600 + gtx 1660 super + 16 gb ram 3200mhz good enough to play this game?
I thought you killed trans people in this game.
This review was great however I am a bit disappointed that no romance will be in the game it would have made things more interesting but oh well I’m still getting this
Please everyone buy atleast 1 copy of this game. Save this planet from transcancer!
This looks a lot better then I expected it too. I wish JKR wasn't persona non grata in my circle of friends. Anyhoo, thanks for the terrific review as always!
4:10  yikes so when you can levitate enemies you've got a single combo-wombo you're just spamming throughout the game?  Use correct spell to smash shield -> levitate -> spam the red pew pew spell. rinse repeat. Kinda what I was expecting but hoping wasn't the case.  how amazing. Sounds like bunches of fun... /s.
Coming from someone who has had no real interest in harry potter series i am actually going to get this. i am a sucker for magic in games. and this looks fun.
I'm glad it seems to be great! It's been one of those situations for me where it seemed too good to be true, with how good it looked. Especially since HP doesn't exactly have a history of good games to build confidence...
Exaggerated swagger of a Hogwarts student 😂
Man this gives me such relief. Amazing review as always.
Thoroughly impressed. I had massive doubts with the studio beforehand doing those terrible mobile games but this worked. Enjoy it potter ppl y’all deserved it
Haven't read the books or watched the movies, but always interested in a engaging game!
This is a wonderful review. You have really refined your review style lately to provide lots of information, getting your point across while being entertaining, precise and relatively concise (for a 20+ minute video). I can tell this video and script were well edited and I appreciate it! Thank you,
So it's what forbroken is supposed to be?
No hi-fi rush review?
Never been a huge Harry Potter fan, but I watched all the movies growing up. Already picked it up and am ready for pre-release. Looks like I won't regret it. Thank you, as always, for a great review!
Playing it now after changing my Xbox region to New Zealand and I’m having so much fun exploring the castle, doing classes etc. If only magic was real 😂😂😂  I definitely see that the best video games are always released now in February after how fun Elden Ring was last year.
Karick, I always look forward and trust your wonderful and eloquent reviews. Thanks for never letting us down!
Thank you
I hope that it is good, I mean february is a month where a fun game might just fill things up. It doesn' t has to be a 10/10 A+++ monster. Just something FUN!
So, so happy our hopes have been rewarded. Can't wait!
As much as I like Harry Potter I would like to see the developers make a open world highlander game
As usual, coming through with an entertaining review.
Hopefully there's mod for characters creation
Yes!
3 seconds to open a door, yet already some metacritic giving 100% lol
How many hours of playing can I expect as a casual gamer? So some sidequests, not all of them, no speedrunning, just playing. You or anyone know that by any chance?
Hey ACG, been following you for about a decade. Just wanna stay you’re still the GOAT. Have a good day broski!
Your reviews are the best! Pre ordered on PS5.
Who actually plays with ray-tracing? Performance mode is way better
PC having an FoV slider means an instant buy for me, thanks for mentioning it
I’ve never been a Harry Potter fan but damn this game has made me interested in diving into the world and getting the game.
I consider ACG to be a sensible and reliable bellwether for games, so it is good to know that this is a good game. Thank you for your review.
Wtf is a digital pad? Do you mean the directional pad?
The "dope coat" reminds me of Bloodborne
Nice review! Wasn't sure about this game but after watching this video I'll be playing it day one. Thanks!
Does anyone know if there's a lot of looting in this game or is it just collectables?
Best review ever ACG this why we come here. I wish they added multiplayer and like world bosses to fight with friends.
Your review was what I was waiting for. Not a huge Harry Potter fan but always found the hogwarts and potter lore interesting. Just got the deluxe!
Hope the boycotters feel like crap for hurting the devs so they can get more twitter likes. Eventually they'll betray their "values" once the hype dies down and buy it and play it in offline mode so their friends can't see. This game looks awesome and I'm excited to start playing it tomorrow.
Can you eat and sleep like skyrim?
Let me be honest I want to play this game just to look around Hogwarts and the Wizarding World. It is like having itch that needs to be scratched. All I ask is to be surprised and feel wonderful exploring the world.
It looked solid from the jump but it sounds like it's going to exceed my expectations
My go to man with another great review glad to see Hogwarts Legacy is getting good reviews.
LOL Muggledown Snickerdoodl, well played
It’s odd no YouTuber has the Xbox code or pc code. Unless anyone knows something I don’t. I hope and pray the pc does not have stutter struggle
How evil can you be?
I haven't been so excited for a game since Elden Ring but unlike Elden Ring I didn't know how it was going to be received. I'm presently surprised it's this good out of the box! After cyberpunk I've had to temper expectations and this one actually looks great?! Thank you ACG! Can't wait to give this one a go
Yep gonna spend that 100
Cant accept a review from a guy that has MOTION Blurr on What the freak xo 12:43
Wow it's actually good? That's pleasantly surprising.
Thanks for the review, I am now even more eager to try this out myself and get lost in the wizarding world
I'm so happy for your review! I never pre-order games but did for this one, and have been really hoping you'd give it a thumbs up. Super excited for Friday now! Thank you
Can I make Maleficent?!
Sent this to my friend and fiancé. I can tell they are happy because they did their happy screeching scream. My poor ears. Wait until they find out I upgraded them both to collectors editions.
I love your videos but man, so much ballast in your sentences. It would be appreciated if you could maybe segment your videos and use chapters so i/we can pinpoint what are you talking about. I feel like this game is a wasted potential. These mechanics and gameplay loops can be found in any other open world rpg game. If this wasnt rolling on HP universe it would be flop. Just imagine the possibilities this world offers and this is what they go with? Really? The story is mediocre at best, and most decisions dont even matter. I am the only one seeing this? additionally  its clear the target audience are teens.
I'm glad you "forget about Harry Potter". I'm so tired of those same characters, I exactly wanted to just make my own wizard guy in the HP world but be free of the story line of HP and Co.
Can u wear a hood in game like that of a Jedi?
I have been watching all the HP movies before starting to play to hype myself lol. It's good to know it wasn't for nothing. Thank you for this great review, as usual.  Greetings from Brazil!
I've never seen or read anything Harry Potter related, will I enjoy this game?
Best review out there as usual.
I just hope that K&M controls are good and can be rebound. I'm not against playing on a controller for this game just hopeful it will work well with K&M.
I was convinced this game was going to be pretty mediocre and full of additonal purchases. Considering WB and the developer's previous games, portkey making mobile HP games and Avalanche software making over a decade of licensed games. I am shooketh! Thanks for the review.
Between this review and Fextralife... I'd say the hype is real boys and girls. Now where's my over sized flying critter? Brooms are for squares!
This might be a dale for me. Love the review!
As always, I come here to say that you're the only reviewer that I care to hear from.
I've never read or watched Harry Potter, but am super excited to play this
Im glad somebody is talking about this actual videogame
This dude cosplaying as the mad hatter. lol
Long Story short. It’s a fuckin banger lads
I know you want to Focus on the machanical on These but with this game in particular I would have liked to at least hear a few words about the whole shabang surrounding it.
The 2 longest days of my life!!!!!!
No Quidditch though. That’s disappointing:/
if you're feeling any moral qualms with getting the game like I did I'd recommend making a donation to a trans charity alongside your purchase. It made me feel better knowing that the trans community will be receiving more of my monetary support than whatever percentage the author gets.  GLAAD The Trevor Project The Human Rights Campaign GLSEN The American Civil Liberties Union National Center for Transgender Equality
I can't see this on Switch :D
Proud of the developers, looks like they did a phenomenal job
Fantastic review as always. Thank you
Not surprising that you'd support this game lol. Cringe
Gave it a buy.
I got scared when I saw this upload lol
This game probably will be GOTY. Cry a river internet activist.
I'm so ready to buy this game. I'm looking for more reviews to make my final decision but thanks for this review. This put me at ease.
sadge you couldnt do both
Awesome. Now I'm just hoping Atomic Heart fares well too. That's another one I'm looking forward to this month.
I’m wondering if I have little recollection of Harry Potter movies if I’ll get the same enjoyment.  Game looks pretty good though…
Thanks for making a review on this game 😊
Nothing better then seeing a review from ACG for a game i hoped it would be good and turns out to be what i hoped for. You are always the first reviewer i go to for your honest and detailed reviews and you saved me from quite a few headaches, so thank you 😊
Fog rolling in
I'll get it on sale I'm tired of open world games right now
Goddamn it......I'm trying to save money and I'm not the biggest Potter fan (I enjoyed the books but that's pretty much it). But this game looks great.
To think that avalanche software last game was CARS 3...
THIS is the kinda review that I was so desperately looking for!! Reviewing the game for itself, and ONLY itself. Not dealing with any controversy surrounding it or anything of the sort. Straight up game facts and info that I needed to hear!  Perfection!!
Great review. This game is fantastic.
Ouuuuu yeah, papa Karak says yes I buy
Literally the review I was waiting for to decide if I should get this or not. A little dissapointed I won't be able to explore with friends (at least for now. As always appreciate the great review!!
I'm glad that the gameplay is good, but I'm very disappointed in how drab the colours looks
Wow…. Last time I played a Harry Potter game was back on the GameCube when I was like 6 y/o…. I can’t believe it’s back and actually better. Much much better. I’m fanboying out right now…
11:16 "The Bad Guy Really"? Okay what did you do, did you name your player character that?
Collective sigh of relief for Harry Potter fans who trust ACG
Great review! Love this so much
Avalanche makes you think that's easy to adapt a movie into a video game, what they did with mad max it's magic. They really have this way of crafting a movie world and make you feel immersed. True masters, hope they maintain this level of mastery.
Wingardium Leviosa!
Hogwarts Legacy is my dream came true. When I read the first novel in 2000. Harry goes to bank withdraw the Wizarding world money, goes around the town, seeing merchant selling Cloak, potion, book, wand, and broom. I was like, someone need to make Harry Potter RPG right now !
I thought this game was going to be a massive bait and switch, but I'm glad I was wrong.
Dope coat Karak
Couldn't prevent myself from being excited for this. Not even a fan of the series but I was itching for a new RPG to throw myself into and all the previews looked so damn good. Glad it seems to be living up to it 👌🏽
Can't wait to play this, solid review Karak.
Let's go! Thank you for a crisp unbiased review! Can't wait to experience it, the last HP game I played was way back on PS1, really amped!
I wouldn’t let myself get excited for this game until I heard an ACG mark of approval, been burned too many times (looking at your Cyberpunk). With this review I’m ecstatic. Not sure I can wait much longer to play!
By playing this game and reviewing it, you have shown your allegiance to the genocide of transgender children. Their blood is on your hands! How do you sleep at night knowing you have just thrown away the lives of so many of those in the trans movement?? You should be ashamed of yourself.
How is the difficulty? My wife and son want to play it but it can't be too hard. She's top tier at fps games but has to play the Witcher on easy
At this point you're the only reviewer I watch , no biases, in depth analysis, great narration ! Overall great work !
I have the series s but I’m not sure if I should just save up to play on the ps5
Interesting, just saw the ps4 version comes out in April. Is that because they’re still working on it, or did one of these game companies finally wisen up and force people to have to buy the higher price ps5 version or deal with waiting
The combat is wonky, sometimes it feels like my wand turned into a gun...
Soo Hogwarts Legacy is the Dead Space Remake to Forspoken's Callisto Protocol🤔...got it 👌🏾
i kindve dislike harry potter honest but needed to see ur review. actually looks incredible for fans
Boy am I glad this game turned out well
Great review! Glad I pre ordered for sure  🦊👍🏻
Nice Review ❤️
You are the only one, that I go for reviews to in these times. From all the reviewers you still have the original means, just making an honest review, and I thank you for that!
Thank you for the review! I’m always looking forward to your content and no one else I trust more.
Too ethically dubious for me to pay for this when a vitriolic transphobe has said paying money for her stuff means you agree with her.
Day 1 patch is supposed to fix the voice pitch issues.
Been watching a few of your reviews. Love how honest and straight up you are about them. & Especially the fact you don't seem biased!
Big L for all the people skipping the game because of a person’s beliefs
well well this seem a must buy than :D
Definitely not a fan of the movies. Not sure if this would be tolerable.
Bruh i love that youre wearing that Green Tophat. It screams DRIP.
Great review! Thanks for focusing on the GAME unlike the mainstream review sites!
The most evil and difficult boss we're fighting right now is lack of money for these expensive games :P
This may be my first new relase game to buy in year's
digital pad .. lmao
This game looks like it’s made for me. I don’t care about Harry Potter. The books or the movies. I don’t care about the characters but I love the setting and the concept.
My wife force me to buy this game but i confuse should i buy on ps5 or pc. Lol
Funny how writers these days can only write good material if it’s already been written for them. Lol Forspoken was hot garbage.
0:33 I noticed the dope coat 🧥.
Oh good, I was waiting for your review and I'm glad the game is good.
But does this game have a stealth mission allowing men to dress as women to gain access to the girls locker room and restrooms🤔
Just preordered 😭
Glad to hear that Hogwarts legacy is the game we thought it'd be after all the bs calls for it's cancellation. Good review ACG as always.
Thank you so much for the review. I'm so excited!!
What's a digital pad? Do you mean directional pad?
Nice to know I likely won't be refunding my Pre-order.  It's a shame that the biggest obstacle the game has seems to be the author of the source.   That said, I'm not going to punish the devs of the game over it. They'll benefit a lot more than "you know who" will from it doing well, and I don't care that they will end up .003% richer than they already. The people who worked on this don't deserve to be dragged into that. Kudos for not mentioning it in the review, as it isn't relevant to how good the game is.
I wonder if the magic system also works well on mouse+keyboard. So it is not only the FOV question that stands open for the PC version. What I mean by that is some games have hold right trigger + face buttons to go through spells but don't allow to directly bind those to a keyboard button so you also have to setup 2 trigger buttons to combine with other buttons. Making it a pain to find a good keybind setup.
Just a terrific review. ACG is unmatched. Looks and sounds great - can't wait to play it.
Your views are always so in depth.  I don’t sub cos I can’t let video game content enter my life too much but I’ll always think you and Mr Jake Baldino are the best online xx
They did it..the madmen actually did it!!!
I've got a copy of this early, there is a great mission early on where there is this male wizard that thinks he's a women, you and your friends are tasked with hunting them down and arresting them for insanity,  its so fun!!!
Thank you for not mentioning the leftist outcry and focusing on what matters: the game
This game proves the Msm  no  longer any real influence, they did their best to tear this game down or ingored it , but no one cared , and it's already a huge success
Fantastic review as always - very excited. Anyone know if this game has pause anywhere? During conversations/cut scenes etc? I have a very busy house with a lot of interruptions lol
Must have it!!!
So not another Cyberpunk 2077, thank god!
Accio this game!!!
I would like to see more games like this set in the wizarding world that do not have anything to do with the cast of the films.  There is a north american school I would love to see have a game set in.
The curse of cross mediums seems to finally be broken. Last of Us on HBO is awesome, and it looks like Legacy is as well.
Boycotters are gonna be pissed. Sounds like not only will it sell extremely well but is also a great game.
I think this game looks really cool. I don't think I enjoy Harry Potter enough to pay $70 bucks but if they ever decide to try multiplayer, id be willing to give it a shot. Absolutely looks worth picking up on a sale at some point though.
This game is everything Forspoken wished it was.
I honestly had a feeling the game was not going to perform this well, but I'm very glad it did, we all need more good games, especially single-player experiences. I hope this year, from now on, is just full of them (except Forspoken which was a mess). Confident 2023 will be a memorable year for gaming.
Don't support this game cuz the creator of the books exclusively wants to support her fellow women. What a crime I know
It might just scratch that RDR2 itch.
WARNING WARNING  PC VERSION IS B U S T E D!!!!!!! Everything from poor optimized locations with MASSIVE FPS drops to SHADER STUTTERS!   WARNING WARNING
I'm so excited!
Glad it's getting good reviews :-)
That coat is DOPE tho
Game of the year maybe. I hope DLC is supported
With the low amount of available next gen games and planned releases, it's good this game can provide that next gen experience.   The gameplay and environment look awesome even for non Harry Potter hardcore fans that anyone can pick up and enjoy.   As always ACG your review format is excellent you should patent that formula of yours!
the Major german reviewers main complain with the game seems to be that it's not the Hogwarts simulator 2023 but instead an actual Wizard story set in the Harry Potter world just like the HP series focused on Harry's story instead of trying to be a Hogwarts High School story  I'll come back to the actual review once I'll play the game myself but am currently just here for the rating and it being that High tells me everything I need to know to actually pre order the game.  I'm not looking for the most accurate Hogwarts or Magic School simulator ever, as much as I would like games like that that's not what they marketed this game as. They marketed this as an Open World game set in the Hogwarts universe where the actual "school" portion of the game is as abvreviated as it is in the Movies and that the main focus isn't simulating a magic school but having an action RPG game and that's pretty much all I'm expecting essentially a Saints Row of Hogwarts not a Hogwarts Simulator 2023
Somehow completely forgot how cloase we are to release so hurried and pre-ordered. I had initially decided to wait a bit for economic reasons but realized the internet will be full of spoilers for the rest of the month, and I full of fomo, so decided to just get it now. ....now the next issue is whether to be a boy or girl :P I am a guy and it is MY story, but I like to play as a female lead in most games... hmm... well I have until friday to decide...
Roll on tomorrow. Great news.
id need a demo before i get the game
I avoid anything HP related....
Man we just on February and there already 3 Amazing game in release
I am so glad to hear this "pre ordered a while ago* >.>
Great review, cheers.
Amazing what happens when you just focus on making a good game instead of an mtx\store forward model.
BIG surprise to see positive reviews ! Pretty cool for the devs :)
Glad that it was good, thank you for doing what you do.
Good review, but no comments on the story??? If there is ANY tie-in with the Harry Potter universe we know and love?? Glad to hear combat is legit, but these are the questions I"m tuning in for
Damn this looks really good
REMINDER: this game WILL BE FREE IN 10 DAYS. DO NOT BUY.
I am excited for Hogwarts legacy. I pre-ordered last month ps5 physical version at the Gamestop I shop at. I love  main Harry Potter movies and books. Hogwarts legacy will be the first Harry Potter game I play and will be the 2nd game I buy this year on Friday.
What graphics setting do you think was the best?
I'd rather have hogwarts than play this.
This sounds like a game being reviewed by a scientist lol
One question: can you pick Slytherin as your house?
Woohoo! No ragerts on getting this game day one.
2023 seems like it will be a great year for gaming ❤
The game looks fun, thanks for the review!
So glad it’s good, I have the game ready to play tomorrow can’t wait.
) hours and counting to start Deluxe edition I purchaced last week as birthday present for meself! And thanks for another excellent review, mate you're best!
Finally can now preorder.
Looks good
I’ve only watched a few movies. Not a die hard fan here. Did I need to watch the movies in order to enjoy this game? I really want to buy it, it looks like so much fun. But I feel like I’ll be left out because of my lack of knowledge of the movies.
seems interesting, I kind of hope modding becomes a thing to smooth out the rough edges.
My wife will be happy she can watch me play this and it not be a horrible experience.
So happy for the Dev teams first big hit!
You and Before you Buy only ones I trust for reviews
Me and a couple of guys in school could grow a beard at 14-15, developers don't understand that since most of them are manlets.   Are you planning to make a PC version review too? I think most of your viewers aren't console players.
Is the game complete in 50 hrs?  If yes did ya like speed run it or take your time?  LOL!  Does it have the possibility of expansion?
Well this was a pleasant surprise!
Great review as always. Really looking forward to this one
Can someone mod this so that Dave Draiman yells “I begin to Stupefy, bleh!” when I cast Stupefy?  Please and thank you.
“Combat in Harry Potter looks bad” - ACG January 28th
Thank you for the review
And the Woke Weirdos continue to fail! Merlin's Beard I can't wait to play this!!
Have they used the Nemesis system in this game?
Fantastic review, really looking forward to this one
My main concern is that I have yet to see a single PC gameplay.
The only thing that I can't help but notice is the lack of npcs and npc variety in the castle
Didn't realize Avalanche was involved. Very excited.
Legitimately the only reviewer I trust anymore. Thank you for covering games fairly. We need more people like you in the industry that are actually passionate about games and judge them based on what they are and what the developers have produced. The world is much more nuanced than the tribalism that people want to see the world become. ACG is what game journalism once tried to be and what it should strive to be again. It's not the gamers who are lost, it's the people covering it who have lost the plot.  To the developers who are seeing this game sell well, realize that it's the players who should be targeted. Not activists whose favorite game is Twitter or reddit. Build games for the gamers and they will come.
So... still not clear... Where can I buy the review from??
Sounds like a must buy to me
I've been looking forward to your review on this for a long time lol. You did not disappoint, as always. Thank you for the great video! I'm really looking forward to this game!!!
You forgot the most important positive aspect of the game - British accent.
I'm so glad they fixed the lip syncing and animations.
I will definitely be playing on hard mode so I can feel more like I’m fighting competent wizards. I’m glad the combat is so good!
Woops! Oh no Rowling Haters! It looks like my wallet is opening up and abrfing out money so it could buy this game! Oh I feel sooooooo~ sorry for you!!1  Well, with that out of my system time to Avada Kadavra people and ask Professor Garlick out
I already pre-purchased it. ANd now I am just out here to justify that.
I normally take what you say as like the gospel, but this game looks awful in comparison to games we’ve had come out 9 years ago. Limited-license cash grab. Incredibly disappointed.
I'm seriously looking forward to this but I'm a PC gamer and I can't help but be suspicious of their handling of the PC version. No PC footage. no PC pre-load, PC launches later in day rather than simultaneously and reviews not being able to review PC version.  This game looks great but that gives a bad feeling in regards to the PC version.
You and SkillUp are my most trusted opinions online and If at least one of you is really into a game, I'm pretty sure I'm going to enjoy it. If you're both really into it, even better! But just hearing your reaction alone lets me know that this is the game I hope it would be and looking forward to diving in.
This sounds like exactly the kind of game I really like. Thanks for the great review!
You are literally the only reviewer I trust. I got so excited when I saw that you uploaded this. Thanks for this
How enjoyable would this game be for a person who has never read a chapter of the books or watched a scene of the movies?
I'm shocked by how good this looks. I really thought I was going to hold it against them leaving Quidditch out.
Sorry what does FOV mean ?..
What about the unforgivable curses ?
Looks like a great game.  But sad that they have denuvo ... and I am returning the game based on that. And won't be surprised that part of the slight performance issue is caused by denuvo. And worst when it's server goes down.
Not sure why I'm here, I already bought the Deluxe edition to play it early lol
Whew, that's a load off my mind. I'm glad this can still happen!
This is the review I’ve been waiting for. You knocked it out of the park again, as always. Most honest and transparent reviewer, so glad you’re still going! Can’t wait for this!
Was this run in the day1 patch or not? How much of the “issues” you think get resolved with that.
If I hated Harry Potter, can I still like this game? Or is this for fans only?
Wow I couldn't wait to hear your opinions on this one. I think this is the happiest I have ever felt to hear a review.
As one of those people that is a die hard fan of the Harry Potter universe. I’m so happy that we finally got a game that most fans been wanting for years! Happy for the devs and hope we get another down the road now. Excitement is 100 out of 10.
The game does look good. Too bad I'm not a Harry Potter fan. Also have too many other things with Dead Space, RE4 and PSVR 2 all being out around this time.
Glad to hear it’s good. Just remember guys, this game WILL BE review bombed on MetaCritic and Steam. Don’t let that sway you😊
Great review, been playing this over the weekend for about 5 or so hours and loving it only gripe i have at the moment is gear slots, it is limited to 20 or do you get more as you progress?
Can’t wait to play this tomorrow. Always wanted a game like this, and it’s almost surreal that it actually exists.
when multyplayor
I wasn’t going to get this. But I’ve just brought on consoles. Thanks bud
All the negative press prior to release aside, this one actually looks intriguing to me, despite me not being a big HP fan (although I very much like the HP esthetics, which this game seems to nail perfectly).
Just played through what you may call a tutorial and I'm already extremely hooked. From what I've seen so far, you would definitely regret not giving this a shot. I love how they introduced certain things into the game, which I don't want to mention without spoiling. I'll see you guys in the Hufflepuff dorms :P. I wish we could see other players like in Elden Ring though haha.
Can someone tell me if you can turn off the numbers that appear when you hit an enemy?? I hope so!!
Been waiting for this, thanks.
People complain about the styles of Fire Emblem or Pokemon, but to me this style is just so bland.
I haven’t even finished Dead Space yet.
Just going to give a sigh of relief with everybody else.  So worried we were only seeing the very few best bits. Hopefully Day1 Patch fixes some of those issues!  If not, I’ll still play and love it
Do you think I would need to watch all the Harry Potter movies to fully enjoy the game?
So relieved that this looks good. I had put off pre ordering until I saw your review. Thanks!
Avalanche Studios have got great talented developers and it shows here. Looks beautiful.
That music always does it for me
100% gonna buy
Like always amazing review without adressing the whole "boycott" charade!
I don't like Harry, I don't know what Harry is, i never read the books..... Shut up no one cares if you know nothing about the world you ain't special, buy the game or don't.
I have been waiting for your review  before watching trailers to hype me one way or the other. I am so relieved that this game seems singularly focused on selling the Hogwarts fantasy - and able to deliver.
Idk if its just youtube compression but alot of areas that arent right infront of you look so low textured and its not due to DOF.
Anyone else not think it doesn't look graphically great?
I'll never stop saying this.  Give it to me.
I’m only an hour in, but the sound in this game is among the best i’ve ever experienced. The ambient music especially is just mesmerising.
Sounds great, really pleased this has delivered. As a badger, I'm looking forward to joining my Hufflepuff family
I'm legitimately shocked that this isn't a shameless cash grab. Kudos to WB for for allowing the devs to make a proper game faithful to the source material instead of just demanding they create the minimum viable product and relying on the IP to sell itself. I wasn't hyped for the release at all because I expected the game to be an uninspired, janky mess. If it's actually decent I can't wait to play it.
ACG is a gangster (and he knows it) for not mentioning anything about the Rowling drama in this review. Well done man.
Well I was waiting for the reviews to come in that were not bias with all of the outside noise regarding this game going on. I was nervous about pre ordering this game as I was unsure if it was for me after watching the trailers etc, but since seeing this and the positive review i'm happy to give it a whirl. 👍
How good are the graphics in 4K mode
19:28 This is why I have been subscribed to Karak since 2016.
Super excited to play!!!
Finally, a decent fucking game (that's not a remake).
Not a Harry Potter fan, but it looked fun to play. Waited for this review to finally pull the trigger on a preorder.
Glad, some big reviewer still reviewed this game 🙏
I usually wait for your review to purchase a game but I had a good feeling about HL so I bought early. Now that I have seen your review I know I made the right decision. For me it is not about seeking the perfect game, I know they all have flaws, it's about finding one where I can live with or even appreciate them.
If they made a deliberately slow animation to open the doors to go outside, you wouldn't even think there was a "con" there. Maybe they'll patch it to make that more polished.
I will never pre order games ! Its not worth it. Wait the release..see actual game play ,then buy !
... Muggledown Sniggerdoodle! <3
Looks great, but I can't get over the dissonance of playing a Hogwarts student and having open world combat. Combat is the absolutely last thing I associate with the hogwarts life I know from the books. Maybe use your school spells creatively to beat certain story enemies (like the troll in book 1).but a full combat system, and combat heavy sidequest? Sure, give me a game where I play an adult auror, but as a hogwarts student? I want mysteries and conversations. Not little baby Rambo that mastered not only spellcasting, but combat spells and moves in their first week at Hogwarts? It's just laughable.
I wonder if the last gen ports will be another 2077 situation.. I've seen a couple ports and they haven't been as bad as that "yet", but there's still some time for that to happen. It would definitely make me question why would they bother putting in the resources for those ports but the reality is that if you want a "current gen" console, you won't find one very easily. As much as people complain about "last gen" holding gaming back, the reality is that we STILL aren't in a position where "current gen" consoles are easily obtained.  (I place "current gen" and "last gen" in quotations because I can't honestly say Series X and PS5 are "current gen" if most people can't even buy them due to lack of stocks. I can't buy your "current gen" console m8, how is that even current? Feels more like early access or a demo and reality is that there are still more people on "last gen". Not because people can't "afford" "current gen", but simply because I LITERALLY CAN'T FIND ONE. Pair that with the scummy practices some stores are employing to even have a "chance" at buying the product you want, yeah I don't think we're in a position yet where we can call these consoles "current gen".)
Im not worried about customization because since this is on pc and seems to be well received modders will fix some of the problems with the faces or hairs probably. And that is the reason i stopped buying games on ps5 is because mods make games last longer.
*sigh* Oh well, guess I'll have to go another week eating pb&j sandwiches for every meal.
I'm getting this for sure.
I am so happy crazies could not make   a boycot out of this.
This looks awesome and I don't really like HP. I might pick this up during a steam sale
I wish I could get myself to play this game. It is so beautiful. But I can't get myself to support the creators. (I really hope other people have a lot of fun with it <3 )
The game looks stunning and I'm fascinated at how compromised that Switch port is bound to be
im so glad the game is good.  Im just impatiently waiting for it im gonna lose the next few weeks to it
Great can't wait!
fck this ima make an assassin wizard!
Cyberpunk was a trash pile that i never asked for or wanted. this is the pure opposit a game iv wanted since i was 6 and not only is it everything iv wanted from a harry potter rpg its also probaly the best video game iv played since portal. im not even exagorating this game made me feel young again and i havent felt this way in years about a video game
Doesn't seem like a great game, but a masterpiece. It feels more than just a game. I'll have to play this at some point! Great review as always ACG.
So happy I pre-ordered the digital deluxe now :D
I really thought you gonna go Hifflepuff, being yellow and black :D
I had no intention of getting this game, but your review persuaded me  override.  Thanks.
That's also what I noticed. The lack of companionship. The best possible way I can describe this is that I felt like I had no friends. Like a freelance classmate doing some stuff for people and getting a reward for it.  Anyways, let's talk about the game. Felt quite similar tbh.
Never been much of fan of the books/movies, but this looks nice!
Great video Karak! The positive conviction in your tone throughout tells me how much you enjoyed this!
I'm so relieved this looks great! Now I can signal my support for Rowling *and* enjoy a solid game 🙃
I'm actually glad this wasn't released in a rushed state. Pre-order is like a roll of dice these days and I was waiting for this review.
...doesn't D-pad stand for "directional pad"?
I still feel this should’ve been a MMO.
2:39 can you tell if the players have nostrils or not? 😂
I’m so relieved that it’s good, my GFs going to love it
Alright, I noticed the coat. You're welcome.
Oh thank Lucifer 🙏
Why is half of the comments “harry potter isnt my thing”
I really curious to see how this runs on switch. It's a steep  hardware downgrade
Never watched Harry Potter but I’ll try this
Fs for everyone who had to choose between this and Forspoken and got the latter.
Thank the gods this looks like it was done right. Let's all taunt the activists protesting this wonderful game and make sure to get a copy :3
Great review, just in time to get the early access on ps5 as well 👌
The review and reviewer I wanted to see. Thanks :)
Is it jsut be or do the graphics seem very grainy?
I know nothing about Harry potter is this game similar to Elden Ring at all?
It's actually sad that these companies don't make an online mmo these companies would actually make a good mmo rpg
OMG, can it be true?   A game thats actually finished before its released?  I thought such developers didn't exist anymore!
This is the first time I actually don’t regret preordering before i know for sure
Thanks for the video
This channel has gone downhill
It is a Crime That This Game Doesn't Have a Physical Edition for The PC version
Thank you very much, again. Awesome review. 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Hi, is the game smooth on ps5 with performance mode 60fps? Can't wait to play this night, finally the wait is over
What a fantastic game! Can’t wait to buy.
The amount of work that goes into games like this is literally mind-breaking when you think about it. I’m glad it turned out so well especially with the woke mob going after it because of JK Rowling drama.
The first thing I’ve watched this morning.
Time stamps
Dog Farts Pegasus looks like that Parry Hotter kids movie show.  I thought this was gonna be a souls game.  I don't think FROM software even made this.  Does Miyazaki know about this?  Someone needs to give him a call on his emergency phone that happens to look like a foot.
Best reviewer on yt.
My most awaiting review of the year but the reviewer I trust the most. Thank you.
Legendary
I'm glad the game isn't bad I would be sad if the crazy delusional alphabet community got the last laugh.
So glad this is getting positive reviews never been this excited for a game in years
man my anxiety is drivin me nuts..can't wait to play this game
I feel like the animations need work, there too many single animations moves that make your character behave like a robot. Spinning perfectly in the exact same way every time is jarring IMO.
Glad this turned out well. Hopefully the haters can pipe down now cuz there is SO MUCH negativity towards this game in the past few weeks
My roommate and I are excited to start playing this. Happy to hear it has your thumbs up!
I was hoping for some feedback of the performance on PC, it seems there are a LOT of issues on PC.
great video, tbh this is very eye opening for me, i didn't know if this would turn out as good as it looks, but it truely has! it seems to also play well, which leads me to think its ACTUALLY a fun game! WOW in 2023, a fun game? perhaps a bit too rich for my blood at full price BUT on a light sale i think i'll try this out!
I'm so glad it's actually a good game. The controversy has made those boycotting it, say it's bad just cause they're boycotting it, shows they're just saying it.
We eating good in February this year boys!
Pirate it
It's usually a good sign when developers have enough confident to give away many review codes.
Ahh, good to know all those who are not gonna play this game for the hate for Rowling , is gonna miss a gem
Thank you so much for this review. I'm picking my copy up in the morning (here in Aus), and I've been hoping that it wasn't going to be another Cyberpunk fiasco. I've been waiting for another open world HP game since the GC version of the Philosopher's Stone and I'm so glad it isn't a disappointment. Excited for tomorrow!
Best review I've seen yet. Detailed with honest opinions. Well done!
I can't believe both Harry Potter and Star Wars are getting AAA games in 2023.
I'd prefer not to watch the video to avoid any sort of spoilers... But if anyone's seen it and sees this comment, can you answer me if he talks about performance on PC and how it is? Thanks! Can't wait to play it tomorrow:3
It is somehow satisfying when you get a game in which so many people want it to fail, almost out of pure pettiness, only for it to match and exceed expectations.
Ahh, how refreshing to hear this in this age of video games! Thank you, sir.  It's hard to keep excitement for games going when the expectations devs present us with never come to fruition. This video was a great way to start my day.
Oh thank good I was hoping so 😮‍💨 Bring on the wizarding world immersion we all dreamt of as kids!
I am glad to hear that this game hold up since I am interested in playing it.  I guess there is only one thing left to say. AVADA-KEDAVRA
Gonna be honest especially when it comes to this game you're one of the very few people's reviews I trust
Wow… I was really really worried this would end up busted or lame. It seemed too good to be true. Nice!
I been waiting on this review like a Kendrick Lamar album.
I don't like Harry Potter at all. I watched like 3 and a half of the movies from the beginning and just didn't like them. Do you guys think the game is worth getting if I just want a good game with good gameplay and RPGs elements without knowing the source too well?
It looks great but I'm still not going to pre order. I'll just wait to get it, definitely looking forward to it. Thanks for the review
people were guaranteeing this would be shockingly bad and flop because of the Devs history... lol.  Can't wait till midnight.
Something that I haven't seen in any reviews so far, are the dungeons. Would you say they are diverse and plentiful? I'm definitely looking forward to exploring each cave or secret passage I come across.
This is one of the best reviews you've done to date.
All millennial/Gen Z nerds about ready to scream with excitement like the noobs they are.
Woah this was a far more positive review than expected. Honestly looked great, too much to play right now but I will definitely get this as soon as I get some free time.
This sounds like a stellar review, thank you for that. But with how poorly optimized for PC some recent games were I'll keep looking around a bit longer, probably wait for steam reviews as well.
Expando chaptero was gold haha!
I really expected this game to be a bland Ubisoft style icon chaser. I’m so glad I was wrong!
dobby reminds this time not Putin but Hitler😛
So every delay was worth it 👌 This and psvr2 coming in 2 weeks! What a February 👏 👏
You really sold me the game here. Will still wait for the first sale but now I'm more positive about it.
The best reviewer who dont use number ratings 👍🏻
worst game ever boring as hell
Review: We're winning and always will. Props to the developers who poured their hearts into this game
What puts me off is the upscaling combined with an incredibly aggressive sharpening filter. The game looks sharp and blurry at the same time.
Great review, as always! I was a bit skeptical of this game but I'm honestly glad it turned out good as an old HP fan.
Obligatory engagment booster.  Cause the AI dont care what you say, as long as you say it.  Yes this is a copypaste-a.
I'm so hyped. I thank you for the great work as usual! 🔥🔥🔥 Can't wait! 👌👌👌
Hype! Can't wait to play it! Ty!
It is indeed a very dope coat.
Been excited for your review.
i'm transgender and will be boycotting this game.
Sir. you should have way more subscribers! it's been like 10yrs, since I've always waited for your reviews, if I'm not too sure about a game. The level of commitment paired with your impartiality (meaning that even if the vast majority of the other channels will please a bad game, you won't betray your viewers), when it comes down to any of your game's analysis, it's what kept me coming back to this channel, like a moth to a flame. Respect!
Never seen a Harry Potter film, but will be trying out this game!
Please tell me you can turn off damage numbers. I hate them.
My main question is this game another ubisoft style open world? Filled with boring fetch quests and over hyped into oblivion. I so sick of open world collectathons. I want open worlds like the witcher 3, rockstar open world games, or obsidian open worlds filled with meaningful content that feels unique and varied. Not raid 100 bases, climb 200 towers, and collect 1000 collectables/supplies those games do absolutely nothing for me. Usually they also have a passable at best story to.
My Ex would love this game. Personally I'm not a Harry Potter/Hogwarts fan (To put it mildly... I had to force myself to watch the movies so I could keep up with what the Ex was going on about! LOL!), but the game looks well made. Maybe sometime in the future I'll give it a try.
Dope coat!
WOW, I am blown away the combat really worried me, but this video made the combat look awesome, I AM SOLD
Imagine right now being part of the team of Disney executives that decided to axe Avalanche because they weren't churning in enough profit.
Thanks for another great review can't wait to play
What about the DLC / preorder stuff?
I can't in good conscience play this game but I'm glad the devs are delivering for those who want a HP game.
I'm so excited 😆 I've been to wizarding world, the studio tour in London, the elephant house in Scotland, I have a giant "Always" tattoo and etc. I cannot wait to dive back into Hogwarts with this game, this review just got me even more excited. 😆
Who would have thought that making a good game, requires to make a good game.  Ubisoft should write this down.
im buying this game. granted im a big wizard world fan and would have bought it even if it sucked but im happy that not the case. cant wait for this to release
Fantastic review..thank you 👏 👍
Great review! I’m just hoping that the PC port is good day 1
So glad this looks dope af! I had high hopes for Forspoken, but - well. The spell system of the Harry Potter universe is deffo one of my favourites, with Jack Vance's Dying World taking the number one spot. Gonna pick this game up the moment I am done with this semester's tests.
Cannot wait until Tuesday!
Next Harry Potter game should he a detective action thriller where you play as Harry Potter working as a cop  Harry Potter and London's Cocaine Smugglers
Awesome review. I can take a deep breath as this is the 1st game my wife has wanted to play in a long time.
Cant wait to start playing this with my kids this weekend! So happy it has been reviewed well!!! I loved the Mad Max game Avalanche made!!!
Liking every post of this game just in spite of the blue-haired landwhales.
Why is no one talking about the DRM issues?
I am pleasantly surprised! I expected this to be extremely shallow, and repetitive.
Would controlling the combat be more at ease with controller?
I still need to wait for the switch version. Really want to know how that one will run and look.
I preorder can’t wait
Can't wait.
I don't know if anyone has noticed the dope coat
I never watched or read anything harry potter.  But this game looks awesome.  I might picked it up just to piss the woke off lol.
Appreciate your thoughts as I was extremely hesitant on getting it
So far the biggest negative i see, no companions, just a personal thing for me.
any word on how the pc version runs?
This review means the world to me. Thats the game ive always wanted since i was a kid. God bless this review and the developers.
Bully, Hogwarts Edition...
willy wonka was a student at Hogwarts ??
That's it, time to pre-order, just the news I was waiting for, thank you.
I just realized your Hogwarts character is an ancestor of your Saints Row character.
Finally I can be excited for this game, didn’t wanna get my hopes up at first
I've never heard ACG being so positive and breathless before o.O
THANKS FOR THE EFFORT BRO.. HEY IS THIS NOT AN MMO?
This is also good way to clear your subscriptions from activists, disguised as gamers. Suddenly, many ytbers and "gaming" websites open up and wave their armpits, full of blue and pink hair, instead of reviwing games.
So glad the reviews are coming out strong. Can't wait to play it.
I’ve been waiting for this review. Looks like I’ll have to pick up a copy
Gang gang
I’m stupid excited for this game. I had to pre-order the Deluxe Edition for my PS5 a while back. 😊
6:45 Switching between spells in Forspoken is just one step away from swiping in any of the 4 directions on touchpad also there shortcut buttons if u not interested in touchpad swipe.   This makes me think how many people have been harsh on Forspoken without even understanding the basic mechanics
alright, you've convinced me
As soon as I get my hands on a PS5 I’m buying this game
20:34 i guess the devs can now say the "pop-in" glitches are just characters using Apparition, right? then again, no Apparition spell is allowed within the vicinity of Hogwarts
Man it looks amazing. The detail in this game is really impressive.
FOV = field of vision, for those who don't know :)
How about bugs? Are there many?
Does anyone know if there is a way to pre-download the game for PC?  I bought the deluxe edition so my release time should be tomorrow 7 PM, and I wanna download it sooner.
So, as someone who has no experience or real interest in the HP universe would this game still be a strong recommendation? I'm really liking what I see coming from the perspective of an open world RPG fan. Would the lack of knowledge with the universe be a huge detriment to the enjoyment of the title?
Great video mate.... You take your time explaining your opinion and hence, you deserve the like.
Heck yes.  I'm pumped for this.   Kind of wary at the line "the game is not easy."  My non-gamer wife is excited to play this and I'm hoping it remains accessible enough for her to get a playthru.
I went to the Harry Potter Forbidden Forest experience last night, and damn I’m even now more excited for Hogwarts Legacy!  I haven’t pre ordered a game in over a decade (burned too often), but that changes now.  Thank you for the review!  Was the final thing to convince me to.
ACG, I made it to the 2 min mark. Seen enough, I'm in TY sir.
With all the confusing editions and pre-order bonuses they were pushing, I was worried its gonna be like no man sky or cyberpunk. I'm so happy they did the game justice.
So relieved it's actually good. Anything that goes against the "canceling" crowds its a win in my book.
Only review needed. Saw others waited for this one.
super pumped for this releasing . . . in an hour 😍
Wish u would have talked about the room of requirements a bit. That said, thanks for another great review.
11 mins of IGN or 22 mins of ACG. The choice was easy.
I preordered this game, anxiously waiting for it to arrive in my letter box...SO EXCITED 🙂
Again no PC review code, oh no...  Thanks for the review as always!
Now to see what microtransactions they force in, in a couple months, after they get enough sales and good reviews..........
Just over one hour until I’m playing this game. Can’t wait.
Looks good, but I’m still waiting to get this used. Don’t want to fund JK Rowling and her tirade of hatred.
This wasn't on my radar at all, now it is.
So very rare that games merit a good review now. You love to see it.
I honestly wasn't interested in this but now I might take a second look. Thx
Im gonna have to check this out later down the line. Thanks for the review ACG.
At $70, every game is wait for a sale unfortunately.
One thing I might have overheard, but what is the story's main mission? Is there like a big enemy waiting somewhere?
Do you need to be a "Potter-head" to enjoy this game?
After forspoken my expectations were low. But nice that this is a good game. Fans will be very pleased.
Man, thanks, you put my fears to rest, and my girlfriend's also. We're both eagerly awaiting release lol
I'm not even a Harry Potter fan cuz I hate magic and fantastical settings but I'm DEFINITELY GETTING THIS GAME🔥💯👌
Thanks for taking the time to blur out spoilery content! Awesome review, can't wait to experience this game for myself
Yayayayayayay!  Cant wait!
Fantastic review.  I have been waiting for your review!  Thanks so much!
The world building and design is simply stunning!! Not even an Harry Potter fan but this looks great in gameplay and graphical wise.  **Hats off**
First Harry Potter game I won't ignore
what are the keyboard and mouse controls like ? i cannot use a controller as i have an issue with my hand that prevents me from using one. hopefully someone will do a pc review with keyboard and mouse controls.
I’m watching someone play it and if looks so good but I’m gonna watch this one I wake up since I just got home from my over night shift
I ain't blocking and parrying nothing.  I hate Souls games.  Way to go From Software, you ruined gaming.     Whoosh.  I'll just put it on easy......I never use shields or defensive spells in games.
O happy this I as getting great reviews
What about Mouse and Keyboard controls? I don't like using a controller.
Hey ACG, just FYI, D-Pad stands for Directional not Digital
20:56 is what you come for
The fact that they released the review codes this early is ballsy and shows they know they made a banger
ACG being next level by blurring spoiler content in the UI
Moving the audio samples to the end of the video has been such a nice change. Thanks for the years of quality reviews!
Only negative in my opinion, is that it's a 50+ hour game. Wish it would go on forever lol.
Thank you for a phenomenal review. As always, thorough and thoughtful and objective. And standing clear of controversy. You're a Centaur I'd gladly add to my vivarium. 😅
😆 🤣  This is sure to burn the boycotting idiots.
Just buy it to upset woke morons. At this point I don't even care if the game blows chunks, I already pre ordered the maximum special edition 🤣🤣🤣 JK Rowling just shut up and take my money 🤑
I'm not interested in anything Harry Potter and admittedly it sticks in the craw to give any money to Rowling. But this does admittedly just seem like an interesting game.
I'm just waiting for my PS5 to arrive then I'm gonna buy this game. It looks so fun
Many thanks for the review Sir! Have you had any experience with the PC version?
ACG fast and awesome reviewer as always
Shadow of War: Transphobia but seriously, looks pretty good!
What platform did you base this review on? Thanks!
tbh I wasn't expecting that positive of a review, I guess cause I wasn't hyped for the game, but this is making me consider buying it
I'm so, so freaking happy this game is solid as all hell. Not for my sake, because I couldn't care less about it. But, it's the ultimate F U to the woke mob. Huzzah!
I thought the combat looked really boring and repetitive. I guess it's one of those things where the interaction is better than the spectacle
I hope there is DLC soon :p
I'd love to buy it but I need to save as much money as I can for my Tokyo trip. 2023 i going to be a backlog year probably.
If a game can make me want to not just finish it once but multiple times and maybe 100% complete, then the game is amazing for me like Spider-Man and Infamous second son. So it seems like this can maybe do the same and hope to have fun with this plus maybe get me to watch the Harry Potter movies.
hogwarts legacy is the dark souls of harry potter games lol
I haven't been this excited for a game in a long time.
Glad to see this is a decent game. But man these reviews are way to long lol. These videos could literally be half the length
The one time they finally make a good AAA game it’s based on a series I can’t stand. Just my luck.
No PC pre-review on performance is very concerning for a Garbage Unreal Engine 4 game!
I woke up wondering about reviews... And here we are!
Thanks for the review!   The game sounds exactly what was promoted, and what I want it to be, cannot wait to play it tomorrow!
JK Rowling
ya ya ya that's all good but the most important thing is can You pet the CAT that i see in the video
Expando chaptero
ok now that Hogwarts Legacy is done i just want a Lord of the Rings game set in middle earth created with the same amount of respect and care as this game
Ok sounds incredible
Who'd thought the studio which did Hannah Montana: Something or Another (Idk) could make this, eh?
I don't like the HP universe very cool at all, but I'm glad the fans finally get their game. I know they've wanted a good one for a really long time.
Need a Walking the Walk for this game!
Yes bro!! I hoped he got a code for this!. Good  stuff, ACG.
Ok now I'm excited after hearing my go to game reviewer saying it's great.
Your review is all i need you massive legend
So glad this seems to be a great as I'd hoped. Been so many let downs these past few months.
I'm glad the game is good as advertised.  No matter how hyped and excited i am for this game, i still have to wait for reviews like this. Good to hear i don't have to change my decision to buy it. THANKS, Great review as always.
Looks fun so far! Actually kinda sad that i can't buy the game due to its connection with Rowling, but that is small price to pay.
Thanks for the review buddy!
Twitter was screaming their heads off over how much this game looked like mobile shovelware... Weird the reviews are so good *pretends to the shocked*
the only review i care about these days is yours...i am happy to see that hogwarts legacy seems tobe done quite well
Short answer, yes it is the game every Harry Potter fan has been waiting for and I can't wait to play it.
This is one of those games where devs might be able to claim some bugs as a feature of the game.
denuvo ... so not buy, wait for sale if denuvo is removed.
Your footage looks weird ... anyone else ?
I know y'all saw his toons name right? 😂 Top tier review as always ACG. Thank you for doing what you do!
Well this is a surprise, I expected it to be tie in trash.
One of the rare moments when a modern AAA game is actually good. W
The game looks amazing. The FOV is for performance reasons right? Otherwise, how would it be this bad.
Thanks
Whats up with the gameplay looking awfully over-sharpened. Capture fault or what happend?
So psyched that this is getting good reviews!
so happy this game is good, when i saw the first trailer, i thought it was a mobile game😂😂
As someone who has absolutely no interest in Harry Potter, I'm surprised how much i'm excited by this game.
I've been really looking forward to your review and I'm so glad to see that the game actually lived up to the hype.
Your reviews are always so great man, appreciate it
Except... Saints Row 2/3 > GTA 4/5  Main problem with GTA series after GTA San Andreas is that it became boring. GTA 4's expansions at least tried to add fun part back.
God It’s going to be pretty damn cool, I never really gotten into Harry Potter cause I guess when I was younger like around 12 I wasn’t really into the Wizards and Magic genre, more into Lord of the Rings and Star Wars, or more specifically Medieval Fantasy with swords and warriors and stuff.   I mean I only read the Sorcerer’s Stone book but didn’t even halfway finish. Perhaps watching Hogwarts Legacy would help me understand the franchise better maybe.
Finally, a game that looks fun and finished and not boring at all while looking amazing!
The only review I've been looking forward to. You're top notch.
No buy
Of course there are goddamn spiders man...  Hella good video btw, thx for the info
Damn. This is way above what I expected. Glad to hear it's well worth getting right away. Thank you for the review ACG. Nowadays if there is one reviewer I can trust it's you.
Hell yes! I’m so happy this turned out as a buy, I remember playing the PS1 Harry Potter game and having so much fun and for the longest time wanting another game set in this universe. Gonna try to get it day one! Excited to play it though!
I love ACG reviews. I watch them usually after I've already bought a game. We agree and disagree on a lot of games, which is why I like this channel.  That being said, whether he likes or dislikes this game is irrelevant this one time. I AM playing this game, even if he says the game is awful. I've been waiting 26 years for this game to come out.  :)
Thank fuck it's good - the men in dresses who spend their days harassing women have been absolutely obsessing over this and I'd hate to see them win, so the fact that this game is good seems like a victory for sanity.
So what rating did he give?
Thank you for giving your thorough review. I can always count on you to actually help us know what to expect. (Wish I could phrase that better. I know that's what a review is, just saying that you seem to be one of the only reviewers who does every facet.)
You definitely deserve more subs. A great video as usual.
YESSS! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Dude, I'm so stoked! I was worried about this one, but it's good and I'm going to get it day one!
If you say It’s good then it’s good. I’m buying it now.
not so an HP fan myself but my wife is so Im glad it turns out to be a good game and who knows might pull me in this world ^^
I just can't express how great it is that you cover sound. So many reviewers don't even consider tackling it. Not everyone has an ear for sound, but its such an important part of a game.
20:56 verdict
Excellent review.  Looking forward to this.  Is it a decent PC port as I'll likely get it on Steam.
Great review. Can't wait to mod the hell out of it once it's possible.
Awesome! 😁
harry pissy pants potter? i mean this game is for kids not adults i guess but why you playing a teenager if its made for 8 year old?
For clarity, can you play as a penis having lesbian woman or not?
One thing that always bothered me was the use of the Accio spell. This is taken directly from Harry Potter Wiki. But in Hogwarts Legacy they use it on enemies? What?  "The Summoning Charm(Accio) could not be used on buildings. In addition, it would not work on living things, although they might be moved indirectly by summoning things they were wearing or holding. It was risky to summon them in this manner, because they travelled at close to the speed of light and might be injured in the process."
I’m getting the game, really want to get a physical copy but I want to play early asap at 9pm pst
I just can't  wait to commit the supposedly genocide the media trying to cancel this game are talking about just by playing the game.
I played all the stupid movie tie in games and it felt magical. Can't wait to play this 😁
Wow.  Didn't expect this to actually be good! 2023 is off to a good start.  And remember. This channel is one of the few places left where you can get a fair and balanced review.  This game will most likely be review bombed.
You are the one ill-tempered man/horse hybrid i trust by default 👍 Thank you for your efforts
Game's decent.
I waited for sooooo long for this game. A big porte verse fan. Can not wait to get this once it goes to a little sale.
Would have apreciated more views on the story.  Alot of the narrative i heard about this game is very gross and this review didn't really adress it
Yeah.. this is all I wanted. Hope this will open the door for more AAA games in the wizarding world!
Thanks for the review. Now preordered it. Deffo looking forward to this one!
Okay, I'll buy. 😀
I was a little worried about getting cyberpunked, everything seemed too good to be true with this release, so glad it lives up to expectation 🙏
How did this happen. This game was going to be so bad. Like generic Gotham knights Harry Potter edition. I’m happy to be surprised
I MUST have that coat.......WHERE GET?
Great review from the quality ACG puts out.  The haters have lost
I know you always buy a copy, but pretty shitty that you gave this game money. Thanks for showing your lack of supoort
It's about time we get another decent harry potter game, there hasn't been a decent one since the old ones I played back in the early 2000's.
Holy crap. Was expecting this to suck. Surprised people are saying good things about it. Well done.
I wonder how much of the technical stuff the day 1 patch fixes
I never watched or read Harry Potter but I love video games. Watching the gameplay videos and reviews for this game still leaves me completely cold. Guess the main selling point is the setting not the actual video game.
Can't wait for early access now. You're always my go to person when I pre-order something or if I want to pre-order in the last moment. Keep up the good work.  Cheers man 🍻
thank god they did it right. was hoping you would drop a vid and rate it a buy now. ty for all the hard work i do to get these out especially on this one
Aight imma get that preorder
Sounds great. Ive been waiting for a good new hairy porter game for a good while.
Legit wasn't planning on buying this, but this actually looks quite fun.   I was iffy on how fun combat could be for a Harry Potter game, and while I don't dislike the series, I've never much cared for the story.  Either way, looks like we get to enjoy a good game, and as a side bonus give the middle finger to the nutjobs that spend their lives bitching on Twitter.
looks as boring as the Films....
J.K Rowling we thank you so much for giving us these amazing stories. Characters and the world itself! The game looks great.
Already had pre order gona play in 12 hours i know i can always trust your Review so now i can rest easy knowing the game is good
Was looking forward to a great Harry Potter game since the first ones on PC!
Fuckin dork keeping damage number pop ups
This review alone just made my year. The only review I need to know that I won't be disappointed in the game I've always wanted.
Any extra info on the PC port? Are there any stutters and how it performance? That's what I am interested to the most.   Thanks for the review Karak! I've waited on your review to decide if I'm gonna buy this one.
The only reviewer I trust delivers once again
gamepass day1
Cant wait to play this with my daughter  :) Thanks for the review Sir
Its a buy? Awesome. Now, and only now, i can buy it and bathe in the tears of twatter people ;-)
F*ck all the haters. So many people said this game would be terrible, but I had faith that it would be a pretty solid game.
Gamers: The relief when something good isn't bad 😅
I'm so glad this is good. We've been desperately grasping for a fantastic Harry Potter gaming experience for 2 decades now and it seems to have finally arrived.
My seething hatred for the Potterverse is suddenly biting me in the ass.
I skipped to the end to avoid any spoilers, but I didn't catch him mentioning game length other than that he personally put in 50 hours. Did he say if there was more for him to do, or was that 50 hours to 100% the game?
Dude, it's amazing how much you can get me hyped up when you actually like the game you're reviewing. I knew this was going to be a great game when I learned they were launching the deluxe edition 3 days early. That means they're very confident in the word of mouth and a positive reception.  Best and most honest reviewer around.   ✌🏾✌🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Not a fan of Harry Potter but good on the devs delivering a solid experience that fans have wanted for ages.
I feel that WB made games, are mostly very fun to play, it's hard to find WB games that are bad.
If you have a capable pc, and are patient enough, I’d say wait for a crack to pirate it. Jk Rowling is an awful person who doesn’t deserve royalties. Plus you’d save some money
I've never watched the movies or read the books. But I will be picking this up! Thanks for the brilliant review, brother!
Dang it’s cool, like you said that you even mentioned rdr2 or gta along with this one, you don’t do that hardly ever or at least lately. I was looking forward to this and now even more so. Thanks
The visual style is justified and pleasant enough for an openworld scale.
I'm gonna play this on Hardest difficulty just to lengthen my playtime even more.
Im praying for a FOV slider on pc. I cant take that super close view.
It's good enough that it offers a lot of activities showed in the films, so the fan of the franchise can immerse themselves from the world of HP, which the OG HP titles in PS1 and PS2 did w/ platforming and puzzle solving. Like mandrake and spell class, and quidditch.
I come to this video that was uploaded 14 minutes ago. This video is roughly 23 minutes long. And I already see 21 dislikes. Are some people just going on the video, clicking dislike and leaving? I really shouldn't be surprised anymore.
ACG coming through once again with a terrific review, also very happy this game came out well made and the crybabies on twitter can move onto something else to make drama about since they got nothing better to do
Looks amazing! Hoping we can turn off damage numbers tho. No need for those in a game like this.
I’ve ignored this game throughout development, Harry Potter just ain’t my bag, but this looks like it’s worth a play. Nice review, thank you.
Can I just be a dark wizard Lord?
Exactly what I was hoping to hear. Been a while since i've delved into a great singleplayer game. So keen for this.
Hope we can Turn off/Custom that HUD
Happy this game is doing insane numbers. Happy JK Rowling's opinions don't dissuade people from enjoying the world she created. Personally not happy with the "Gender Slider". Binary is at the heart of our understanding of reality. Male. Female. Ying. Yang.   The young people are being pushed so hard to not think about Gender in the binary way that is essential to humanity procreating. A hard time to be young. And WB doesn't help with the Gender Slider.   Suggested Update : Give players 3 options. 1. Male  2. Female  3. Gender Slider   I think that would most fairly reflect how human beings feel about their Gender.   Just my 2 cents.  Glad I got that off my chest. Hope everyone has a wonderful time in the world so many of us, young and old, love so deeply! Butterbeers on me for the little speech if you read all that. 🍺
I thought you weren't going to review this?
It’s out??
I'm fine as long as it's a culmination of the HP franchise, like the Lego franchise. Seeing the combat and movement has similar DNA as Deathly Hollows (2011)
Looks good
Very surprising! I thought this would be a flop
Good, gonna preorder in a few hours.  Can't wait for the BS review from IGN, GS, etc 🍿🤣👌
ACG has the most based review. I almost always get the game when he said to buy and almost never regretted it.  For a non-Potter fan ( did read all the books, never finished the movie, and maybe got to the 4th or 5th movie I think), this game seems like it's worth getting.   Fuck the boycott, I am getting it.
Great review as always, can't wait to get my hands on it in a couple of days
It's director Alan Tew is a Blizzard veteran.
been playing for a week now, its soooooo good and detailed. also eff you to resetera
Feeling very relieved that this game seems to be getting great reviews. One of those games that I was hesitant about getting excited over until people actually got their hands on the finished product
The only thing i need to know if it has the same feel as the first 3 for the pc.
10/10. Incredible.  THE Harry Potter game.
So did anyone touch wands with their cousin that one time?      Asking for a friend.
The Downgrade tho! Hollyyy
I'm not a Harry Potter fan but this game really looks fun. I may check it out in the future. Thanks for another great review. I clicked so fast. 😆
Glad this  is actually well made. 2022 was a rough year for games. Lately it seems like every game is rushed out with missing content and a horrible live service. Good to see that some devs still care. Can't wait to pick this up
Yes I'm planning to buy this game with my very first paycheck 😂
I'm soooo happy this game turned out to get general great appraise from the critic!! 🥰  However, the pop-ins and white assets when panning the camera too quickly are very distracting to me, I can wait just some more months for a patch. 🙂
Is it worth playing on 60FPS or 30 with ray tracing?
Unironically looks like the biggest Ubisoft open world piece of shit. Hard pass
Im so happy this game seems well made and get favorable reviews. Just for the sanity of devs.
Always look fwd to your reviews before I purchase something. Thanks friend.
Lets go, I am so fking hyped to play
yay, reviews are here and you're the first one I'm watching
Thank you for a non-biased review unlike other outlets
*sigh* this sounds like it was exactly what I hoped it would be when I first was announced.  Alas my personal morals means I won't buy it. Ever. Don't blame anyone who does but I just won't funnel anything from my wallet into that monster that is J.K. Rowling.  Fantastic review and I hope people get to jump into a world many of us fell in love with when we were younger.
I bought 3 copies to support jk Rowling.
I've never clicked so fast in my entire life
How can I look at your dope coat when I cannot avert my eyes from your top hat?
Not really interested this game. But I'm excited to watch your review regardless
I’m excited. Never cared for Harry Potter but this has my interest peaked.
Accio Hogwarts Legacy!  Glad it’s good!
A shame it looks so soul-less and cheap. Just like any other generic Unreal Engine game released 10 years ago.
Thank you Karak for the rewiev 🤘
"People" are about to lose their minds
Been waiting on this 💪🏾💪🏾😎
I miss the days where everyone got access at the same time. non of this shit where people get it a week early
MORNING! Follow me on twitter to hear about the 10 new game reviews, podcast and more gaming news @JeremyPenter Spent ages with this and was all around very pleasantly surprised. Come help fight Hogwarts worst monster...Youtube lol https://www.patreon.com/AngryCentaurGaming
For those wanting to know: It's a buy.
Harry Potter isn't my thing but this game has looked solid since I saw screens for it. I'm not surprised it's a good game and getting 50 hrs out of it is impressive.
Here for the ride
I couldnt have been happier when i saw a notification from my most trusted reviewer! Thanks for all the great work that you do. Super excited for this one!
Yooooooo yodie gang you feel me
A BUY
Nice it's one of my most anticipated game this year thanks for the review as always
Always a fast click!
Just buy the game . Don’t need a review . I’ve seen enough to know …. This game is amazing . Can’t wait till tonight
This game looks so damn fun, can’t wait to play it this weekend!
Excellent
Finally
First
video game?
Never clicked this fast before.
Lets go 🔥🔥🔥
1st
Ayoooooooooooooo
