So to put a slight better picture on this for you guys! The Sierra was tucked away in that chicken shed for about 20 years as your aware and had no intention to get it out! But the barn had different ideas and because it’s totally made of timber the uprights to to roof joists was rotting which caused the roof to start to fall in and seeing this I new the car had to come out which is why I contacted Jonny to document this and also to see if the car had survived which it did without a dent.But the hard work to get this out was immense and had taken us nearly all day to clear a runway and to after some strapping lifting the roof enough to clear the sierras roof we could pull it out and now lives in the other barn where it’s safe but not buried.I read a lot of people would like to see what happens next! Well my intentions are to get this going and roadworthy again this year! I will document what happens and hopefully Jonny maybe able to put something together as a follow up to this.But I do appreciate the feedback and tips from you guys that I shall be following up on for the car! But a big shout out to Jonny and his team for coming along! As you can see Jonny had me chuckling and laughing all day such good sport! 👍
I'd love to have the type of money where I can just leave a desirable car in a shed and forget about it. 😅😅
Ford cargo double cab tilt slide recovery truck we have still 😊
We had a V6 Sierra estate F reg it was possibly the best car we ever had , in the winter we sometimes followed the snowplough over Rannoch Moor
It's always a joy to watch your barn find episodes... This is a partial win...
I had a sierra GLSi.
Wheel covers from a toyora clown de luxe 1972, from the blue van outside.
Stammering! 😫
I bought a Sierra glsi pinto for 270 quid, went all over the country in it and across France, never a blip. What a car, 4 years and it never let us down.
This a great find, when I grow up my dad loads of fords, with some sierra’s. He had a 2 litre sport first then moved to the XR4x4. His first one was stolen on the first comic relief and the two policemen turned up with red noses on, that was the 2.8 v6. He then got the estate version, but changed it for another hatchback. This one was the new 2.9 v6 and was white with extra skirts all round. We towed the family caravan to the south of France multiple times. Good times.
I just watched this and it has taken me back on a nearly 30 year journey into the past. 1987 when I arrived in the UK from Australia for a three year exchange tour with the RAF. I bought a GLS Sierra brand new E reg from the Ford Dealership in Grantham in the exact same colour as this one.  They didn’t have the 4 x4 then, but I loved that car and our family travelled all over the UK and Europe in it.  The car never missed a beat. It was the first car we had had that had a sunroof, which coming from Australia was funny. Thanks for bringing all those wonderful memories back. Funny story, I bought the car duty free, but when I sold it nobody in the UK tax department could tell me where or how much I needed to repay before leaving the country three years later.
Didn’t 1 Sierra key open all Sierra’s
Take it up to Mathewson Pickering  quick
The heater matrix looked awkward to change but I did 1 in less than hour I'd rather do 10 of them a day than 1 in a mk2 golf or any Audi
I had around 7 Sierras 2 donor cars, the rest were drivers 2 hatchbacks (2.3 Peugeot engine x1), & 3 Ghia estates 2 had full leather trim & 1 cloth 4x4 I wanted to try put that engine & running gear in a Caterham style chassis but never got round to it the 2 litre twin cam were almost bombproof their fail point was the cam chain tensioner the late Ghia leather seats were like your armchairs they were softer leather than the black edition A4 leather I've had which is a bad car apart from the 170ps with a 🐕💩 engine
I had a 2.0 GLSi back in the day, comfy car and the heater was a furnace.
No just Leaves us hanging .
The walk Rounds can wait till later
More time on getting  the cars started
Yo takes long telling  storys
Drove one of these in the 90s proper flying machine
I cannot believe how close that roof surport beam was to giving that car a make over it wouldn't forget,if it was parked another 6'' inch to the left well 😭, very lucky.
Women take note this is why man need sheds.
the sierra is a good looking car, but i like the scorpio more
As a student in Copenhagen in 1990, I rented one for a day and still remember it. It was the same color, probably not 4x4. The steering wheel was on the proper side … a fellow student and I wondered why they weren’t available in the States. It was a great day of driving.
Not trying to be a shite but all your videos are the same but different car. Let's check the engine can turn over, let's check for fuel and spark ill disconnect the fuel line and run clean petrol in it same story just the car changes. I enjoyed the first few episodes but it became too repetitive. Your a good host why not change it up a bit.
Come on !!¡!! Part 2
And this is why all cars should have a tow hitch.
I would love to buy that car
Yup i want it,   is it for sale?
FORD SIERRA!!!!
What I cannot understand  is this  why   do these persons  keep these cars  in such conditions  sorry to say
Great u found it . Need to do some more school work on car engines. Usually  Battery. Old gas from sitting . Got to drain the gas . If its injection you can see if the rail is working . Or spray either in the intake ? Good luck
Had a lift in one of these years ago. It went like stink !
I remember when the Sierra 4x4 came out. I worked at a Ford Dealer in So Shields, while the 4x4 was in foe cleaning one of the salesman tried to wheel spin the car. They were a lush looking car. Happy Days.
Back in 2002/3I had a g-reg xr4x4i, 2.9i, year 89/90 , metallic black with a petrol green tint, I paid £390 for it and loved it, didn't even have a full licence but police didn't seem to care back then, get stopped, tell them I only had provisional but taking my test ASAP and they woukd just let me go, at the worst they would give me a "producer" for a tyre or something. I loved that car, and it was mint condition,  I had a few cars I wish I kept and that was definitely in my top 3.
What a mental Ford Sierra Song 😂 I thought they only made the 4x4 in XR4 or Giha And Cosworth, obviously
During the miners strike .One of the local lads had purchased a car of similar status on finance .Due to financial difficulties it was declared stolen and hidden away .It is still in the same place under cover and preserved for ever .It will never see light of day again .Maybe in years to come it will be found .But for now it remains in a time capsule
Another great car Jonny and some really risky engineering to get it out. Cheers Bob
why not connect the power straight to the fuel pump to see if the pump is knackered or even check the pump relay? these are the simple things first. running out of time is understandable, if you stopped waffling too much all the time you would most likely of got that car started!!
Wow i havent seen a serria  in years  loving the 2.9  bit of a sleeper  if you ask me
part 2 please!
1:00 I so wish we could get those suzukis in the US again. Had samurais for years and loved them.
Wow surprised to see this Sierra not damaged coming out the derelict chicken farm Richard is the king on his plant every one needs  Richard in their hope he puts the Sierra back on road would love to see you revisit these barn finds Johnny to see how many make it back on road 👍🏽👍🏽
I would love that car 🚗 😊
WE need part2 follow ups to all these great cars Jonny
Does he ever get cars running? Haven't seen one yet where the car actually starts?
Another one u did not get started
My parents, many years ago (1984), owned one. What a dreadful mistake! It was just awful. Mrs Thatcher wasn’t far wrong when she commented on that car! It had too many blind spots. Maybe it should have stayed in the barn, untouched and ‘unfound!’
That Ford Cargo needs to be saved.
I'm almost certain that the registration is from Liverpool-for what it's worth!!
I'd love to see a 'where are they now' episode on all these, a year or two on
I was gonna say the same thing regarding cut off switch
I love the Sierras, especially in that color.
Was there a follow up to what has happened with the car a year on?
God, my first car was an SD1 2600 S  straight 6 twin SUs carbs. My dad drove us all over the country in it. Then gave it to me, SD1 where a big part of my childhood when things were going downhill with my parents. Not a good time at all, but going out with my dad in the rover was a great getaway.  That is a lovely clean car and I wish I could own something like that I'd take it to loads of meets a show it off. I'd love just 2600 S, something to help me which I'm not going into here. But it's not been good and now I need the incentive to go on and move on.
My mate had one of these, I always wondered why it wasn't an XR4I or something. We took it to Santa pod at some max power thing, he did have pics that I took going down the track. So that's what was oh it was a black car, a nice car and spanked my mates Fiat Uno turbo ie with a cam, exhaust etc on the motorway from Sheppey Kent to Santa pod!  Good Times!!
Beautiful car that hasn't lost its futuristic looks even by today's standards.
Free labour. Smart guy 😂
Great video. Back in 2000 I was a year 8 school kid when it was parked up there. Feels like yesterday growing up seeing lots of Sierras on the road. Hard to believe so much has happened and time passed as that sat there. Hope this can be fully put back on the road, and I've subscribed! Great video.
I have paused this at 3.47 ! Cannot wait to see this car !
Is this just a channel about pulling cars out of barns?? With no follow up videos about the restoration of the cars in question??
I bought a light damaged black 2.9 GLS in the 90's, had the Turbo Tecnics twin turbo conversion from new, was a quick car but could hardly pass a petrol station.
Very enjoyable stuff
XR4X4 didn’t come in estate or saloon. The estate version was called a 2.9i ghia. If it was a saloon, that would make it a sapphire. And there was no sapphire XR4X4. They came in hatchback only. Early ones 2.8 facelift 2.9.
Watching your vids, I think you should always go prepared with a replacement fuel pump! It’s always the suspect in these barn finds.
Why tha fuck would you try to start a car thats been sitting for 20 years?!? First you need to do some maintenance, change oil and filters, clean fuel lines injection and tank, pour fresh fuel... this is so fuckin dumb....
Nice to hear it was potentially staying around. So many old cars cars are going the way of the crusher. Which is a bit sad and wasteful to me.
I used to dive a Sierra in the police loved them
I had one in the exactly same colour. G98JVV.  2.9 V6 with new improved MT75 manual transmission.  Great car. Great memories. 👍
I’d love the vanette…… slow, unusual……dead practical though!
Love these videos. It’s had a sapphire bonnet fitted that’s why it looks like it has no grille. Should of had a long nose bonnet.
An estate version of this car would be stunningly useful.
С правым рулем авто гавно
Another quality film I can't get enough of these barn finds
I drove Sapphires in the place I worked , they were great Cars and good looking and reliable..Well done getting it out that Barn  Richard.
Love, love, love these videos. Can't help but think that there's room for some sponsorship from a motor factor that would allow you to rock up to these finds with a fresh battery, new plugs, dizzy cap, leads etc. (and maybe a fuel pump) to allow you to dive straight into swapping out the obvious parts that are going to be banjaxed after 20 years sitting.
Great car, great video...  we need to revisit this and see it again, started and being recommissioned in all its glory 👍
The GLS 4x4 didn’t sell well in my opinion due to the pricing, it didn’t have ABS as standard and once you added ABS (pretty important with the cars  performance ability in bad weather) it cost very nearly as much as the XR 4x4 model. Popular with the Police though.
Peoples Ford, a Glasgow dealership at the time, I don't know if there was any down south.
We need some follow ups on these videos - would love to see any further progress 😃
23:15 wait wtf its got two flapper-style afms?! like why?! Lol. Is it running on two x 3 cylinder ECUs or something?!
God I've just realised my Dad had one of these for about 2 weeks before his company Grenada showed up, it was the temp loaner car from the company car pool. I remember because I was 6 and playing in it in the driveway and managed to take the handbrake off and it ended up in the hedge, and my Dad had some scratches to explain at the company lol.  Bless him though, once he'd stopped yelling he did take the time to show me how the handbrake, clutch and gearbox worked so I wouldn't do it again.
Should you not turn it over before changing a 20 year old cam bet that has been stationary?
Great save! I do enjoy your various shows, thanks for the entertainment, well done.👍
Man that car is uuuugly! Lol
i had the 2l glsi as my 1st red and black like in pic f337 ajr :):)
5:46 those are Toyota Crown from 71 to 75 hubcaps i think they where on the ms65 with the 2.6l engine because the black details on them
and its not even a cosworth ahahah his face
Omg so good i love them
All sierras came to us in Ireland
Did MOT check Reg not Recognised has it been re registered or even Scrapped 🤔
id love to see a sierra XR4X4 V6  video if you know of anyone that has one.A red one would be great please
i used to own a sierra XR4X4 V6.Itwas really heavy to push when the emobiliser fault i had made it cut out.i had it for about 5 years but the fault,the cost to maintain and the newly pregnant girlfriend ment i regratably traded it in for a brand new vavauxhall zafira family car.i wish id kept it as very rare car now.mine was bright red and fely really fast at the time.i think it was a six speed but i may be wrong
Up to 20mins of the vid & given what happened to it, that Sierra looks fantastic. Wow, what a result 👏  Incidentally, just stumbled across your channel & I'm enjoying the content. Does he do follow up, part 2's?
Please Gents can we have part 2, there is definitely life left in that old Sierra👍👍
The Sierra is a true reflection of over valued old cars. Yes the cosworths were legendary albeit rather pedestrian in standard spec, but the money these sluggish, flabby old GLS & xr4x4's are going for is comical now.sentiment I guess.we all have cars that we hold dear.
Fun barn fund :) its a charming car
What a job.  No thank you.  Horders freak me out. Horder one day worse the next
Carcheology.
Save her please! It turned so emotional video
Weren't they a clit car? 🤣
As a child my father worked away in Leicester and I remember one weekend he arrived home in a brand new Ford Sierra GLX. It was so awesome at the time lol
I owned 4 siearra. There is a fuel cut off switch in the boot under the spare wheel.
Ahhh yes love the old pepper pot wheels.
I know it's not a turbo classic but I've got a C15 van ex EDF so it's in their colours. It's In my field in France, I drove it in there two years ago yep I can here you say best place for it! Year 1997. I used to use it for work.
Just incase nobody else has said, those hubcaps on the vanette are from an early 70s Toyota Crown :)
Nice score on the sierra very rare desirable model. The Iveco Ford cargo lorry is also getting rare now.
Ive only recently found the fake bake show where you review some of the best pretenc puddings. And also the late brake show.  Ive been listening to the pod cast for a while and am enjoying both
Great video, but you could of put in a bit more graft buddy 🤣🤣
Ahh, the memories!.., I cut my teeth on Fords from this era & before as done my apprenticeship in a Ford dealer not far from Maidstone!.., used to drive 7.5t Ford Cargo’s for recoveries too, so that brought memories back as well!.., hats off for using the heavy tarp as it seems to of preserved the Sierra surprisingly well (shame the XR4 in a previous video wasn’t covered with one), great video, really enjoyed it, great work all round👍
Ford cargo not a lot left
As a kid, I lived across the road from the local Ford dealer & saw them unloading their first Sierra (prior to the official launch).   It sat under a shiny sheet in the showroom for a week before we could get a proper look at its amazing "Jelly mould" body...   Even the name at the time was a tightly kept secret!😉
Great stuff
I totally loved this video, my first ever car to drive was Sierra ! It was 3 door version with originally 1.6 EFI engine , but later on it was swapped for 2.0 DOHC , so many good memories...  that's when my love for Ford's started. I need to search for picture of it and share with you guys !
Check the last tax disc
Yeah ..  but can’t beat that 3.5 Viteesse  find ...
A car unused is a car unloved You need to sell it. I hate hoarders that let cars rust to pieces rather than sell them to someone that would bring them back to life. If the car has been untouched  for 20 years, You are far too busy to ever do justice to this car, just like the Ford truck that you parked up and has never moved since
So whats happening with the vanette? I kinda want it!
Still does a bucket of sh5t as well as it did new .
I know where a ford seirra xr 4x4 that's been sat oIver ten years, last taxed in 2004
it is an XR MODEL lads from mk1 to 2.9 mk2 all xr4x4 apart from cpl ghia x models also on older fords GLS on cortinas and sierras was a GL with sports package as id a gls mkv cortina and on v5 it said cortina GL SPORT why this car doesnt have a ghia or xr badge makes car even rarer in my eyes its 1st 2.9 gls ive seen my m8 has an identical year car and same interior etc but its badged xr4x4 ??? ford and the special editions is a nightmare from factory to dealer specials did you know you get an estate version 4x4 usually ghia badged some gls and get 2.9 v6 or 2.0 dohc same as mk5 rs2000 both can be badged xr4x4 only v5 book tells you engine size or a look under bonnet but was fast reliable car if looked after id a turbo technics mk1 xr4x4 and that was fun and games till cosworth came lol another great show johnny ever thought doing a droopsnoot firenza or chevette hsr show ??? if youd hit fuel pump with hammer it works wonder same with idle valve tap cpl times
It's amazing what you find in a barn find 🚘👍.
that was called a scorpio here across the pond
U never get them running
That has a Saphire bonnet that's why the grille is "missing"
If that thing was mint it wouldn’t be worth owning
Starting was Bad idea, without oil change .
Great video of a lovely car,  (probably my favourite of all time) I had 2 Sierras the first was a 1984 B plate 1.6GL E-MAX but had the Ford carb replaced with a twin choke Webber & the 2nd was a 1990 G plate 2.0i GLS which had the fuel pump go after it'd done about 70k miles, then the ECU went mad & used to rev the nuts off it on tickover as if you were revving & then releasing the throttle, then revving it again. Had all the sensors replaced but that still didn't sort it so it got scrapped. Lovely to see this example being rescued, hope you do a follow up clearing it out & getting it started.
4x4 bukan kaling2 ar
The police used them up in Manchester an under cover police also used them also i remember them very well . Best day's best era best times for cars and real car drivers 💯 👍🏾   🤫
Yep save that HA wing for wacky 💯👍🏾
Hope to see this restoration…SIERRA GLS 4x4. G Reg Great 👍🏻
They are all gone couse those are fords just rusty buckets.... any way love those
Crusher is right place for those pos sierras, i love classic cars  but that... cmon,  ... cosworths are different mather but this.... wtf.
Yes Johnny the vanette is not as interesting as the Ford Sierra 😂😂
Not a barn find as it was not lost or abandoned in the first and the owner still knows where it is.
The Ford Sierra. I loved that car, my first one was a 1.6. After three years driving that car my local dealer showed me a rs cosworth and after a testrun he was mine. I owned that car for 9 years and still mis him.
"YES Sierra's where everywhere, now nowhere".....Perhaps a new generation Sierra's may arrive. Ford might have to differentiate from the new GMC Sierra pick-up!
Was looking around and found your channel, always loved these cars,  I own an 85 xr4ti
What happend with the Ford?
Hi! Come to argentina! There are plenty sierras on the rpud. Some are trash but mostly they're pretty good! I bet U can't find any at the junkyard xD
It has a sapphire bonnet, it should have a ‘long nose’ hatchback type
could of at least got it going for the video.
I'd love to see that on the road
I know of a barn in north wales with a sapphire cosworth . Just sat there . Farmer won’t sell.
Would make a nice Mail delivery vehicle in USA with the right hand drive.
Ford made a V8 Sierra  in South Africa . That would be nice to see
@10:37 oh wow!! Pepper pot alloys 😍
Meh, if it isn't a Sierra 'Cossie' ( never coza, that's kids who have no clue and weren't even sperm when the last badged cosworth was sold) or XR4i, let it rust.
I don’t know if anyone has mentioned it previously, but this age sierra used to have an inertia cut out for the fuel pump in the boot floor. It was sensitive enough to trip if someone dapped it in a car park, press the pop up  and they reset.
For some reason it has a Sapphire bonnet (hence the big gap) and the wheels from either an Xr4i or a ghia.
such a shame that steering wheel on the right.... only drivable on smalll or shitty countrys mostly.
this barn owner is lazy, his place looks like a pile of rubbish
We need part 2
What is the Future of this Car ? I will remember now on my Sierra CLX 4x4 2.0 DOHC from 1992. V6 was a Dream. I would like to see an Restoration for happy End.
with a turbo technics turbo fitted, nothing  much could live with this.
god i miss sierras...my dad had a black cossie that he sold after 25 years of ownership when he stopped driving and didnt weant to let it rust,he sold it to a young lad near us that drives it every weekend and takes care of it like its his baby...if someone wonders why he didnt give it to me is because i have another ford with a cossie engine :)
My absolute 💯 favorite car from my childhood.  Never owned one but one day maybe!
Remember this Sierra model as traffic police cars back in the day. They looked pretty cool in police livery and couldn’t half move.
Anyone know how many 2.8 4x4 estates
That guy will leave that car lying outside and rot away he will never get it running he left it lying in a shed for 20 years
Форд сиерра заебись
I can remember these coming out when I was driving my first car a 1.0 Ford Escort Mk3. The Sierra was quite RAD at the time of release as a friend of mine who's dad worked as a manager at the Ford plant in Belfast. Although not about the Sierra, but I wanted to share the memory, he owned one of the first Ford Granada Gina's that were released along with a Ford Fiesta Gina for his wife. The best thing for me that same year was my friend's wedding day. His dad handed me the keys to drive this brand-new (well a few months old) Granada to help pick up the other wedding guests from the service to the reception. I was loving all the runs I got to do, back and forth in the Granada Gina. Using all the fancy electrics cruise control, electric windows etc that weren't in my little poxy Escort. It was great to growing up around such cars and with the then RS2000 Escorts and my fave the RS Capri's, but never could afford one. Over the years I hoped the Ford Capri name would have been reinstated for a modern model, but it never materialised.
Barn find cosy 40/100k? This 2k max??
Poverty spec. . Least it's got the better of the two engines 2,9....2.8 before this was garbage. .
the way this car avoided getting smashed in so many different ways under that collapsed roof is just insane! it just wants to live!
Sierra i buy one 1995 it was a f reg very nice car but some one steel a on i never seen it again
me and my brother go exploring and we came across an old MG race car and an old ford model, i dont know which model because it has very bad weather damage but the MG is in great condtion, if there is a way i can send you the google maps location?
I still miss my Sierra XR 4x4...
Great video, only this YouTube channel produces such Great content. A big thank you to the owner for sharing this with us.
Great find great channel just hit the sub remember my dad driving me to school in one of this back in the day song 🎶 name plz as I’d love to surprise my old man with it as he loved his sierras keep them vids coming 💪🏼💪🏼
Anyone with a shed full of junk who needs to get it emptied, Contact the Late Brake Show and claim there's a rare car parked at the back. You then get free labour from Johnny to help clear it. Remember to look shocked and confused when no car is found at the end though.
I'm used Sierra 1.8 sedan more time ago. Has been awesome time and amazing car.
Love barn finds
Love sierras, owned 5 on the hunt for number six!
I had a 1986 Ghia 2800 4x4 Estate.  That was an amazing car, but the tinworm killed it in the end.  The later ones had a better gearbox, the early boxes shared the sane front layshaft bearing which went all the way back to the Cortina, and wasn't really up to it.
Great vid. I had the XR 4x4 2.9i cologne engine. Better than the essex 2.8i Parts expensive as they charged you for cozzie parts if you not know. 2.8 granny had mots of same parts. Cheap. Love to see the car running. My engine was bullit proof. 100k at 3 yrs old. Had it off my gaffer. FSH ran like a dream. Still did 129mph got it up to 150mph with St8 thru SS exhaust and remap.
Fuel pump Maybe jammed and perished it could be in The tank or it could be External near the tank
Had a couple at work, standard seats, manual rear windows, no central locking, or sunroof uprated rear suspension (think taxi) but optional alloys as they stopped you cooking the brakes, then we got a couple of Cosworth 4x4
Cranking a car thats been sat for 20 years without first making sure it wasn't stuck and maybe putting some fogging oil down the plug tubes made my arse do a dance. 😂
Brilliant!!
I still love the Sierras 👍🏼 Good episode 😊
5:52  Hupcaps are from a Toyota Crown 1971
Parents had a 1991 Sapphire 2.0 GLSi in red. H304CDS. It met its end when a lorry hit us at 60mph almost head on. Lucky it wasn’t full head on because I think I would be dead. Front end was gone, wheel was basically in my footwell, my door ( front passenger ) was folded, roof was folded up, floor plan pushed up in the back. Gear stick in the radio. Glove box exploded smashing cassette tapes into my legs ( that hurt ). I was only 11 so I managed to crawl out the back before the fire service turned up to cut my mom out. Bloke at the recovery yard gave his condolences to my dad because he thought we had died.
Brilliant to see this old girl, a true survivor. we have a 2.9 Scorpio on a '89 I tried to get started (not in a barn!) worked with easy start but also a knackered pump & level sender (same as sierra 2.9) if anyone knows of good breakers, love to get that back in action next summer 🙂 My father says its not been started in 6 years, I know its been 10+
I stopped following this channel because there are no follow up on the barn finds. Just stressing to dig it out, drag it out and make it start, failing and leave it. There will be more value for the channel to follow the cars from beginning to end. Until that happens I am out.
Did the bloke who designed the rear quarter light window also design the Porsche 928 window?
Oh good... NEVER ....never you should start a car that has been stopped for so long
Winner Winner Chicken  Dinner thanks for the Video GOOD ONE   Regards
that car was going to start , before johnny stepped in and told the guy not to try that anymore... one more turn of the key and it would have fired .  old school.... v............new school.   bit more to  this video going on beyond what first meets the eye,,?,, watch it again and this time observe . behavior.  .
Your doing a great deed saving another good classic car
Asbestos !!!!!!!
i remember the sierra had  a fuel cut off in the boot where if you got hit  the pump would cut off The fuel pump shut-off switch has a red reset button on top of it. 1 Switch off the ignition. 2 Switch to start position. 3 Switch off the ignition. 4 Switch on the ignition to re-enable the fuel pump. 5 If vehicle does not start, repeat steps 1 through 4.
U should hav just bypassed the fuel pump n gravity fed the petrol by emptying the window wiper water,putting fuel pipe onto it and just out enough petrol into the resivor to turn her over,, lovely car,,bullet proof ,them shepherds are
OMG growing up all the cars were fords that were stolen,,I'd walk to school n see at least 2,or 3 burnt out every morning,,they were hardy cars,,not many 4×4s to ,,but lots fiesta,s. And Orion's,, the xr3i had a turbo issue,,but u only needed a silver head to steal 1,,and u were home ,,
Me old man had 1 in the 90s  he bought it for towing. Good Car 🚗
Am getting old now am only 41 Them ford cargos and 4x4s was the dogs bollocks
trying to start engint from a 20yo sleep without changin oil, filers etc etc...very clever guys...
Did he say he broke the law and "borrowed" it and then buried it and it had to stay hidden???? I.e. it's stolen?!?!??
never knew there was a 4x4 2.9 GLS      awsome
Barn find.. Funny how all these classic cars seem to get found in barns.. Who's putting them all there? Who is buying all these cars and leaving them in barns all around the world? Absolute bollocks.
Part 2
Dream car right here
would you sell the car  to somebody from the United States
I had  F reg Sierra Sapphire 2.0 GLSi back in the day brilliant car even had ABS! . Engineer at work had the XR4x4. Beast of a car that
The JackKey immobiliser is possibly your problem. One of the immobiliser circuits that gets cut is more than likely the fuel pump circuit, remove the system completely then that’s one thing less to worry about.  I had a company that used to fit them and other security systems 20 odd years ago so I’m pretty clued up with the old stuff, Feel free to contact me if you need a hand removing it. Another great video BTW. Steve.
Need a follow up on this one bro... 100%
Amazing find and video I can't believe how close the roof was to the roof of the car that's crazy closed so lucky!
This is by far the creepiest barn find. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7sI7TN3_SJ0
That is NICE!!  Used to love asierra many years ago and it seems that they are all gone somewhere... My old boss used to rally one of them around ages ago, accompanied with a couple of Escort Cosworths.  I do have a nice old retro mobile in my garage tho, a Volvo 242, built in may of 1981, the same month that i was born. Currently completely disassembled and awaiting some rust repairs and improvements...  Come see me if you're interested!  Thanx
Feeling a bit old seeing such a run-of-the-mill car from my childhood, albeit the exec version, dragged out of a barn covered in crap. There's a metaphor for something personal here that I don't even want to explore much further. I loved every minute of the vid though, thanks.
We got my dads old XR4x4i running about 5 years back after it had been sat for a good 15 years. Old Fords are great, but unfortunately there’s only one kind of Sierra worth throwing money at.
farmers should be banned from buying cars, all they do, buy and let them rot
You have no idea how happy it makes me to know this sierra wasnt forgotten, a car like this needs to be driven and appreciated, i wish i had never sold my one (sheds a tear) these are amazing cars , really underestimated in how good these were and how they feel to drive, i feel privileged to have owned one and experienced everything that only a sierra can give you
that model crumples like a tin can in a crash, it would have been better to crush it in a press in some scrap yard, before someone gets injured in that thing. maybe someone poor guy who cant afford a car would drive this, or for mechanics who like a challenge and like to repair things would take this old thing. i would rather have an Audi Quattro than that or maybe a Subaru awd.
gutted now when i look at this . i had one of these in the day and an xr4i , the intention being to 4x4 the xr4i from the donor 4x4gls, in thecend decided against it as  wanted to keep the 4i original in its 2wd form, never anticipted that the 4x4s lowly sibling would be so rare
11:58 "I thought it was a dog urinal" 🤣
It seems to have a sapphire bonnet
I know of a GLS 4x4 Sierra sitting in a shed here in Norfolk. Old boy had it 13yr ago sitting still, and it was still in there about 3 years ago as I went back and had a look with him
What a mes
my friends 4x4 always had issues with the fuel pump relay, it was the big pink one as i remember
*habitation not infestation in reference to Bats Mr Smith.. tut tut ;o) Great video gents, used to dream about owning a high powered Sierra back in the day, XR4x4 ,XR4i. Cossie too obv. This one was the jaw dropper away from the traffic lights, very subtle in appearance yet takes off pretty damn quick.... By the age of 21 I ended up big on Volvos, starting with an '89 340 redline, hmmm, maybe that's why I got beat :) anyway, I digress  Nice recovery! Thanks for the trip down memory lane
Wonderful. My Dad have a 1987 Sierra Sapphire 2.0 LX. Was a fantastic car and a huge leap from his previous car which was a Marina. Loved the Sierra. Great childhood memories and holiday’s in it.
I remember 30yrs ago I hired one on thees brilliant ❤️❤️❤️❤️
No loss it's not a Cosworth. The + is it's 4-wheel drive 🤣‼️✌️ .... You left us hanging mate‼️😢😵‍💫😳 surely you'll do a follow up vid ? to see it run and move. Crack on with a follow up✌️👍🇺🇲 We only got XR4 Ti's in 🇺🇲
love this series!!!
My mate used to design ECUs for many manufacturers, he drove a battered old sierra - why I asked?  “Because it’s the last car built without an ECU”. He knew the exact expected failure rate and life expectancy of every ECU they built. Interestingly every manufacturer had slightly different expectations so your mega expensive German made car was expected to last say 2 years longer than a cheap car.
had two 1986 2.8   4x4s great cars in my top 5  i, ve owned
I loved my Sierra sapphire ghia, untill it got robbed. I also had an xr4i as well, but that was only a remote control car, but I also loved that ha ha. Great video👍
I reckon the Sierra 2.9 4x4 as it is has got to be worth maybe £10k plus as there's none for sale anywhere i don't think!!!
Nice car and rare I would love to see a part 2 of this car blinged up and running with a full mot on it being used! They're a very thirsty beast especially in 2022 fuel prices! Where as in 1989 it was 50p a liter for unleaded petrol so triple the price today sadly!!! I'm glad it got rescued undamaged as since 2000 most Sierra older cars got scrapped with that scrapage scheme that was introduced as I was working in a scrap yard at that time and the cars that was coming in was unreal.
They called it the 2.9 cologne I believe. Great car
The reason why you don’t see them is because they were crap, all uk Fords are crap. The only good Fords are the American Ford
My first car in 1999 was a xr 4x4 2 L the safest car for a 19 year old to drive. The dam imbosizer  was its down fall. Top save finding this.
Why?!
Valiant effort! you need to fly Derek from Vice Grip Garage over for a collab on it he'd get it running!
Im sure those hub caps are off a Toyota Crown.
Dragging that varnished old fuel through the system was not a great idea. Would have been good to take off the fuel pipe from the tank and feed it some new fuel from a container. That said, well done for getting it out of there in one piece!
At 19:50 you see the car well for the first time and don´t really miss anything prior.
Hi just a safety thing you need to wear anti vibration gloves otherwise you'll end up with bad fingers
A small miracle that fuel pump didnt work, you'd never want whatever was in that fueltank after 20 years to be lodged in the injectors. Plus that substance that used to be engine oil would have done nothing good for the engine had it fired up. Awesome vid all in all though :)
Had a g plate xr4x4i loved it, of all the cars I owned that would be the one I'd buy again.
Cor! could do with the HA wing and screen if available!?! have 3 to restore including two pickups and a van
The Ford cargo is in turkey legandry trucks 🚒🚜🚛🚚🚙🚘
How do you forget you have a car?
The owner obviously has more money than sense .
Can you imagine how many cars there are in garages, in barns, on driveways just waiting to be discovered once again? Some worth scrap, some worth maybe millions?  My neighbor had a 70s mini pickup truck I think it was,  in the garage that had done something like 500 miles from new, it sat in the garage for over 35 years as when his wife died he couldn’t bare driving it again And when he passed away his family stupidly decided to have the thing crushed!!!  They didn’t think it would have much value as the keys and logbook were lost long ago and it had a cracked windscreen,  Sad but true
Wow this guy just goes on an on not much clue what to do with a car if u want to be bored silly listen to this guy he will send you to sleep good luck reaching end of video
Brill! Let’s see the follow up video, we need to see it running!
Mick from MadFord would have fired it up while still in the shed
Sure it had fuel pump cut off switch  in spare wheel well that stopped fuel being pumped if it had a bump so if that's the case it could have engaged while being dragged out of shed
I used to have an F regd, 2.9 GLSi  . It was an awesome car that i had for about 7 yrs.
Is he selling it
Cars must be incredibly cheap in the U.K., if people can just leave them on their own properties to rot away.
The caps Jonny, are from a '71/'72 Toyota Crown! I have never seen a GLS 4X4 Sierra. Cheers. Leigh.
My friends have a an old Ford lorry and a Ford capri 2.8 on the back been sat for 20 odd years.
Great episode, Jonny 👍 Will there be more on this further on, and also the red Volvo 145?
Thanks Jonny for a great service to the Community
Awesome I had an xr4x4 estate in white
Another cool episode, what a car!
In the boot under the spare wheel there Is a fuel cut off switch.
Didn’t the Fords around this time have a fuel cut of switch in the spare wheel well incase of a crash? Maybe when the owner was dragging the car out and manoeuvring it with the digger trigger the device?
Glad it didn't start with 20 year old oil in it makes me sad ☹️ when people don't change the oil first catastrophic damage can be done with old oil even running for a  minute good cars like this deserve to be well prepared first before starting
Ford had a good reputation in small lorries with the D-series range and then in the 1980s with the Cargo model. It was a very popular 7.5T lorry and Ford stole a lot of ground from Bedford Commercials who were in meltdown in the early 1980s.  The Cargo still looks like a modern lorry even now. The design was the work of Patrick Le Quément; a man perhaps more famous for heading up the Renualt design team in the late 80s and 90s turning out classics like the original Twingo, Megane Scenic and Avantime.
Would drain oil and fill with freshas may have a lot sludge sitting in sump waiting to clogg pick up pipe
Is Johnny here anywhere? I know of a barn full of classics. We'll it's not a barn it's actually something special itself and also one of the cars in there has been in a bond movie. It appears to of been untouched now since I was a child. All over grown. I'm 36 now and what is in there was just a myth or legend but with the help of my friend who loved these certain cars we managed to find proof and photos. My friend has since recently passed away but he wanted these cars to be saved and we never got the chance to track down the owner if he is still alive. He will be fairly old now if he's still alive.
Bit late for this one folks, but what a class find Jonny. Keep up the amazing work bud....
Fuel cut off switch in the boot if the pump isn’t on
Have sierra to.parked maybe 7 years ago in barn .didn't see her from then.
A lot of immobiliser systems, of that era, were nothing but contacts. People thought there was some kind of chip in them, but a lot of the time the immobiliser "key" just bridged a gap in the ignition or starter circuits. Some Fords also had a tiny toggle switch, up under the dash somewhere, that would do a similar thing.
The "KB" registration and People's Ford plates make it a Liverpool car, highly likely Linacre Lane, Bootle, where the long abandoned dealership branch (one of two locally at the time) that handled in when new still stands.
Love it great watching. Had a few sierras down here in New Zealand. Most of them wagons.  Those hub caps look like early 70s Toyota crown . Keep up the good work. Cheers
SHIT in a barn, What's so rare about that!!!
I bet the auto fuel pump shutoff switch has been activated, it lives in the boot and if you throw anything heavy in the the switch thinks there's been an accident and cuts off the electrics to stop fuel being pumped. Look in the boot in the centre of the spare wheel well and you should see the white square switch, it pops up if activated, just push it down to re-set it. I found all this out one day when the wife loaded the boot of our Sierra 2.0 GLS with heavy shopping, i was stumped, but luckily a car mechanic was shopping at the same time and wandered over to see if he could help, and he re-set it. much to my relief!  Hope this helps  Chris
I remember my Ford Scorpio 1989 the same  engine, automatic ghear box,what a car
My Dad had a Sierra GLS 2.0i and it was a beast of a car at the time. Sapphire as well, I loved it!
5:46 Those wheel caps are from Toyota Crown S60 & 70 series  (1971-1974), so you're right, they are from the 70s!
Fantastic!! Please do a follow up and let us see it running 👍🏻
I'd love to find of these
The Sierra was such a good looking car.
lets hear them stock exhausts. So distinct sounding and Ford yet again nailed it on these .
follow up video please !!!
Fantastic knowledge, great mechanical skills and genius editing
I'll Make A PROMISE TO YOU ,IF YOUR FAMILY JEWELS ARE BIG ENOUGH AND YOU FIT A SINGLE BIG TURBO OR TWO BIG ONES ,UPGRADE GEARBOX BEARINGS N CAMSHAFTR ,THEN APPROACH A CORNER ATLEAST TWICE THE SPEED POSSIBLE THROW IT IN WHILE DROPPING IT DOWN A GEAR ,POINT THE FRONT WHELS DRIVEN IN THE DIRECTION YOU WANT TO GO AND FLOOR IT AND RELEASE CLUTCH IT WILL EASILY OBLIDGE PROVING YOU HAVE THE MINERALS AND BIG ONE'S ONBOARD TO EVERYONE.pLUS YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH IT AND NEVER EVER SELL THE CAR I GARANTEE THATS HOW GOOD A TURBO CONVERSION 2.9 i 4X4 ABS SIERRA IS.
THIS IS A OG WOLF IN SHEEPS CLOTHING ;-P
PLUS see that little round piece on the front left intake manifold i garantee that needs taking off (two bolts) and cleaning with carb cleaner and refit ,sorted . . .and plus front lower arms compliance bushes set replacement and possibly a lower steering colum bush if you can grab the steering wheel and wobble it up and down more than a little bit
I am a Ford Dealership trained started 92-97 and fitted a few Turbo Technics kits to these ,availible in 3 stages of tune . . .1 small turbo ,2 small turbos and camshaft , 3 one big massive turbo but had to upgrade all gearbox bearings bigger camshaft etc and move the ABS pump location but was easyly a Porche Beater
Yes it does need the two air flow meters connected to run the engine , plus listen/replace the fuel pump under the rear floor and don't forget to check the fuel cut of safetey switch under the spear whee some behind plastic kick panel next to throttle peddel hasn't been triggered easily with a bang n bump getting it out tripped it i bet
Great vid Jonny n Richard. What a find! Sierra like gold dust now. Lets see part 2 with it running and some air in those tyres!
Great job getting it out. I’m a mechanic, the Sierra shown has L-Jetronic fuel injection.  Their is a fuel pump switch located inside the airflow meter. When it’s cranking over the incoming air pulls open the flap inside the airflow meter, which In turn activates the fuel pump. So the hose has to be attached in order to do this. It may have a switch in each meter, or just one that works for both. Good luck, hope that helps.
I had one of them ...what a car
Is this the guy who used to work for max power or redline?
18:18 for a split second I thought the plan involved some kind of bang. That wire running to the drum. Certainly would be cunning if a directed explosion could free the car.
I'm fairly up on my car's and I've never heard of the GLS 4x4....seen and been out in xr4i and xr4x4 ,cosworth sapphire, xr3, xr3i, xr2, xr2i ...mk1 s, Granada 2.8 and 2.9, Cortina 2.3 , 2.0l, Capri 3.0l and 2.8....would love to put this on my list!!!!!
I used to have a Nissan Vanette. They go quite well, and are comfy to drive.
That poor engine dragged out of a shed and had easy-start shoved down its throat not subscribed or going to.
Don't throw that vice away!!! Seen the price for a cheap ass vice that will break on ya now a days
I had an XR4X4 it was a great car had a lot of fun in it 😄
Another super episode Jonny, I love stuff like this as I never even knew this model of Sierra existed. I remember seeing them everywhere when I was growing up in the 90's and then almost overnight they all disappeared. I've seen the odd Cossie about but seeing an unmolested one is super rare as well.
I had a Mk1 Sierra XR4x4 as my second car, big step up from a 1.0 escort. My old man had a Mk2 XR4x4 for a very long time, it got parked in his garage when he got a new car, I then used it for a while to get to work in. It eventually got sold to an enthusiast as it was in great nick. C555 ??? mine, G888 NAU his.
I bought one in 1990 pulled after a short drive and it wouldn’t start my neighbour at the time was an AA man he found a dry joint in the fuel celoniod gave me a new one started also in the boot there is fuel shut off if rear ended ( I think ) gotta say I loved that car paid £4,000 for it gotta be one off the best ford models of the era would like to have one but £4,000 now I doubt it
I had an xr4i that I bought for £500 in 2000. Used it as my daily driver for a few years. Wish I hadn't sold it
Ain't that a 2.8?
It defeats me as to why people try to start a car after 20 years without replacing the fuel and oil/filter first. Do you think fuel and oil doesn't degrade over 20 years? The risk to the engine is real.
Sorry mate, you have to learn a lot how to prepare an engine to start after many years of inactivity. You are doing it completely wrong. Please watch some M539 Restorations videos before. This man could be your mentor. Good luck
I had a Sapphire Ghia as a company car of the same vintage 😀
Also, please do an episode on this having it detailed/restored 😎😍
Great episode! I work in construction too, those machines always come in handy!
How wasteful. 2 cars left to rot just like that. Must have been a nice couple grand even 20 years ago.
This channels awesome !
Thankfully the fuel pump was seized as you’d have blown a world of crud into the fuel system. Step 1 plugs out and oil in the cylinders. (Sounded like compression on 1 or more cylinders was low maybe stuck rings or valve(s)). Turn over by hand and then if ok try the starter. You obviously need three things to run, compression, fuel and spark in the appropriate order. It felt like you were just going for the money shot but it was never going to run without the right prep. Just my experience here but overall what you have there is a time capsule gem that deserves a proper resto! It even had the original radio.
I can remember my dad used to own a Serria stasion wagon and a Cortina and i loved both those cars. I just started driving i think i only had my learners licence at the time. Brings back awesome memories
My collector cars get attention almost every day, how do you forget about a car you own. Just sell to someone that will get it back on the road
So fun video to watch, bummer didn't start
The stupidest thing you can do is try to start an engine that has sat for 20 years. Engine oil, coolant, fuel and everything fluid is 20 years old!
フォード・シエラはトヨタクラウンよりも派手ですね！
懐かしい車🚙ですね！
My dads had an XR4x4 sat in his garage since 1996, it hasn’t moved at all in that time
Fuel cut off in boot under spare wheel..
My Dad's mate had either this or an XR4x4, but he debadged it and had (I think) Castle Performance or Turbo Tecknic add a turbo to it. This was just before Cosworth's had 4 wheel drive i think.   Metallic gun metal coloured. Nice car .
Its like fine Wine. Very exciting!
Everything seems to be a "barn-find" today....trash that garbage
There's a fuel cut out under the spare  wheel in the boot
Brilliant. Me dad use to have one.
When the Sierra appeared my god it looked like a spaceship compared to the boxes around at the time. Now, it strikes me as being a fat bloated pig of a car to be honest, and the one I disliked the most, the Saphire or saloon version, looks the most balanced design. Still though, cool as fk to see it. The font for the name badge alone is dripping with 80's.
Great work guys , enjoyed this episode. Having owned an F plate 2.0 gls ( red and black ) and a K plate 2.0 GLSI in smoke-stone grey ( best colour they did in my opinion) this video reminded me of some great and sometimes scary sideways moments.  Always liked the Sierra from the first time I saw one whilst doing my paper round one morning. Then the highlight was my mates dad taking us to school in his new Xr4i , brilliant white in colour ( don’t know the actual paint code ) . The good old days . Definitely need a follow up episode .  Keep the sierra barn finds coming 👍
Put a live straight to the fuel pump to see if is working, simple
Would be so satisfying to give a good valet/ detail 😍
My Dad still has a Ford Cargo mini lorry which he still uses for house clearances, back in the 80's he bought it off Iceland foods as it was an ex Iceland delivery lorry... I've had a go at driving it around once when my dad broke his arm and it was a very cool experience for an 1983 A Reg lorry ! - I think it has a 6.2 straight 6 diesel non turbo in it... either way I loved driving it !... Hope you get this one sorted, it would be a great shame to scrap it as there are not many of these great small trucks left on the roads now sadly.
A non superfluous presenter who doesn’t like pulling his own plug. Excellent
I reckon Vice Grip Garage could help https://www.youtube.com/c/ViceGripGarage
I’ve had a 1986 XR 4x4 for the last 31 years, one of the best cars I have ever driven. Could pass most things in its day except a petrol station!
What a project amazing
Used to work on these back in the day as a ford trained mechanic they and all the rest of the range were junk
Not sure I would have dragged the tarp off it lol.
A real barn find! Unlike that planted white 3 door cosworth last week.
Grill isn't missing buddy its a sapphire bonnet on it. It's own bonnet would have been longer to meet the grill that's on it
Love your work, Jonny.  Your enthusiasm, good humour, your passion for all cars, no matter what the pedigree, and interest in all the little treasures of the past you encounter during your barn adventures brings me great joy.  Thank you for all your contributions to carchaeology!
The Sierra hatchback petrol models had no front grill. It looks like the bonnet has been replaced with one from a Sapphire or a turbo diesel at some point in its earlier life.  You can see why the women find me so interesting 🤣 🤣 🤣
Good job guys.
that 2.9  engine is that the same as they used in ford scorpio ?
I remember these cars like it was yesterday.. Saw these cars selling new in Ford. They also did a 2.9i Ghia 4x4 Sierra too.. Lovely cars of their time.
Scrap it not worth it
Awesome motor
What a disappointment. Just seen a YouTube video of a Ford model T that was left outside a barn for 90 years and that thing turn on right away. They manage to move it under its own power two front wheels were frozen stuck but broke free after a bit of moving.  All they had to do was sand the points oil up the cylinders and put fresh fuel.
Great to c it back out after 20. Like it cheers
Barn find videos are ALWAYS 100% FAKED!!!! I call your bluff. This is a hoax.
How much fuel is in it? Itl 20 year fuel too
Awesome car. I remember the owner of the local.corner shop having a white five door Sierra 4x4 back in the 90s.
Great video Jonny, I own a white GLSi 4x4 (it’s on my channel)  On the one you pulled out it looks like it’s a sapphire bonnet on a hatch back car so the grill isn’t missing for that car in particular as it’s the wrong bonnet.  The GLSi 4x4 came with the white GLS wheel trims.  Brilliant cars basically an XR4i 4x4 is the GLSi 4x4 in a track suit 😆
I had a sierra saphire 20i ghia...in the boot where the spair wheel is was a little button the tripped the fuel pump it was incase of a crash...it may have been that...
Love this.  One of my all time favourite cars I've owned was my 1991 XR4i - but it had the 2.0 DOHC engine.  Tasman blue, 5 door, even had wheel trims, not alloys for reasons unknown.  Countless happy memories sending it around the UK and Ireland.  Hope you get this thing running and restored.  It's a real find.
That's crazy
We have a Ford sierra 2.0 liter g.l.s.i been sat on drive for 12 years now
Great looking car
Fabulous little vid and story…like you said, you just don’t see these anymore….I have plenty of Sierra sideways stories from back in the day. I hope it finds a new home or it is getting sympathetically restored back to life. Thank for sharing.
These are gems. Couldn't see myself abandoning another classic. Done it before and wasted tons of money on crap cars when I'd been better off putting that money in my dad's classic Buick.
Love these videos Jonny, I was willing that little Sierra to fire up! 🙏☺️ When's the Part 2?
I learned to drive on my dads Westwood Gazelle
Those late Sierras look way nicer and more modern than the first Mondeos that replaced them.
I remember they had a fuel cut off switch in the boot
A close friend of mine bought  One of these quite rare cars  (on a H plate)  from Curry Motors in North  London.  Finished in dark Metallic blue with  Later style alloys. I drove it numerous times including  A couple down from Birmingham. However, l dont think ford uprated The sierra fuel tank for these 2.9s - always in the petrol station filling  Up ! Nice car and memories.
Chicken shit
https://youtu.be/JfwBWl7jwIU 🤣
Hubcaps are off a Toyota Crown
Have you checked those spade connectors on fuel pump? On Fords they tend to rot away in merely 10- 15 years.
The Ford Cargo and Sierra were both designed by Patrick Le Quement.
As a former Sierra owner and still FORD enthusiast (Fiesta MK2, Transit MK2), this episode makes me happy. This version of the Sierra is certainly rare.
i have 1 of these in black and grey bottom  sat in my garage had it 23 yrs now she needs a bit of work now to get back on road absolutely love the car they sound lovely with the v6
Great vide'o  .My uncle had one of these in the 80's Part 2 yes MUST BE PART 2
As others have said, check the inertia switch in the boot. A decent speed ramp would set them off sometimes back in the day. At least it's a V6 and not a CVH or Pinto so no perished 20 year old cambelt to worry about.
There is a switch in the boot that stops the fuel pump if it gets bumped. Might be worth a look
Fantastic cars, shame its been stood and forgotten about, Is there a reason why its got a sapphire bonnet fitted as hatchbacks were one piece bonnets which included the ford badge, not cut short and a grill fitted.
I remember as a kid someone had one of these that lived just up the road from where I lived,I always thought it was a cool looking car back then,my opinion hasn't altered either,nice video jonny 👍😁🤟
John Finch had an amazing white 4x4 v6 twin turbo.  I wonder if he’s still got it?  Crazy fast.
That old Ford Cargo deserves a new lease of life. I drove some of those, as well  as the D series before it.
There is a fuel pump in the boot with a cut off in case of an accident! Towing it could of tripped it Never used to take a lot lol Take the carpet and wheel cover out and if I rember right there should be a button visible in the centre of the spare ???? Press it to re set it . I had an 1989 2.0 pinto GLS red , had it for 8 yrs absolutely loved it
I know where there's an old purple Renault Fuego, it's in an allotment in West Yorkshire & hardly visible due to trees & weeds....
The Merkur XR4ti here in the US was built off of this, wasn't it? Do any of the UK Sierra go-fast bits fit properly on it?
A lot of fords this age had a switch (in the spare wheel well inside the bracket that holds the spare securing stud),that shut off the fuel pump if the car was bumped...we had a lot of bother back in the day whenever one was jacked up and dropped...with all the manhandling it's had it might just need the switch pushed.
My fuel pump was linked to my cut off lol no chance of starting it even with the key.. no one took her lol
I had a red 2.0L GLS G627ORJ. Loved it.
Fantastic video Jonny , in June last year, recovered a ' 61 Austin 7 Mini in similar circumstances , entombed in a becoming  inaccessible shed since 1974 and totally out of sight.Although known about through a friend for 20 years , time had erased what model or how old it was but only knowing it was ' early '.Turns out to be a totally original , 37k mile saloon in amazingly well preserved  original condition.Now actively recomissioning it only , conserving original paint and engine.Also own a mint ' 89 ' G ' Sierra 2.0 Ghia Estate , bought from the original owner in 2007 with 27k miles and a joy to own and drive, they are really great ' old school ' cars.
Please do continue with this Sierra. Love it.
They where beasts
Here in Sweden I remember the model XR4x4 that had the 2.8 or 2.9 engine. Are they basically the same as this GLS?
I hope to see this car fixed in some months... Give it to Drive Tribe, they do it for free^^
I'd love to see a Tesla engine in there
i didn't even know they made a glsi 4x4
Really enjoyed that! 👍
I remember having to push start my mums sierra 2.0 gls outside my school as it only started with a bumpstart 😂. Street cred or what!!
Had a H reg GLX. The sounds of the motor turning over and even the bonnet catch brought back so many memories.
It looks in better condition than the F plate ex-police 2.0 GLSi that I was driving about it circa 2003.
My dad used to have a white 1989 G Sierra GLS 2.0i seeing those radio buttons brought back some lovely memories. I used to practice reversing it into our drive with the caravan hooked up.
Hub caps. Toyota Crown Custom. Mid 70’s.
Bottom line, farmers are tight and see no reason to pay someone to take away their crap.
Hardly a "genuine barn find" if its still in the owners possession ffs
There's most likely a fuel cut off switch in the boot that's been triggered so fuel pump won't go
I had a xr4x4 from new cracking motor.
Is there not a collision switch in the boot where the spare wheel is right in the middle when you have been moving it this can activated when I was a young tyre fitter I managed to activate one by chucking the spare into the boot hard but you just press the square  red button to reset it if I remember
I have a Ford Sierra in my garage, a sedan with an OHC 2.0 fuel injector 1991. It does not compare in comfort with modern cars, but it surprises with its endurance and easy to repair. Nice car, only positive emotions, never failed.
Peoples ford come my town of West Lothian Livingston or bathgate then later Edinburgh
KB at the end of the plate will be a Liverpool registration. Peoples Ford is still in Liverpool too!
Great episode…..I have one still on the road .. ( Xr4x4 )very understated Car in regards to handling and with a few bits of witch craft performance .. absolutely love mine … check it out and my 1973 Mk1 GT escort on my YouTube channel Retro rolling productions      ✨👌✨
Peoples Ford are based in Liverpool and Scotland, I've worked at the Prescot and Speke branches doing used car sales.
hub caps in the Nissan van look similar to a mid 70's Toyota Corona
i had the xr4x4i same car and loved it. wish i still had it. but glad you tried to start and save it.  is he selling it?
Loved my XR4x4.  My first truly performance car. And it was in white!! While Manchester Police still had them...I had the outside lane all to myself lol 😆
Such a cool car in it's own right.  Love a Ford Sierra my dad had 2 remember them well.
Watching from Jamaica, I remember the first one that came to Jamaica.
I love Sierras! Fantastic find, great video.
Surely a second video at some point??!
Hi ..... There is a crash sensor under the spare wheel. It may have been triggered when you moved the car a little violently. Hope it helped.
check for a fuel cut off solenoid somewhere in passenger foot well. had few problems with these over the years. Great video! Miss the old sierras
After the reveal, damn steering wheel on the wrong side - again…
Absolutely love this channel and the enthusiasm is infectious.
I remember seeing Sierras all over when I was a kid and I can’t remember the last time I spotted one let alone a 4x4. That will be a lovely motor when it’s recommissioned, another fantastic episode, would love a follow up video
Did it start was on the edge off chair
Sort out the Allen Scythes, super scary bit of kit. Remember them being used to cut rough grass and weeds, around school playing fields. Spiked hedge trimmer mounted on 3 ft wheels, cut your ankles off!!!
Love that you're not using anything to hold roof up or remove roof and removing the stuff holding the roof up lol 🤣👏👍
I had an XR 4x4 2.8i it had a fuel cut off switch in the boot that stopped the fuel if you went round a corner to quickly! I was constantly having to reset it..😃 That might be the problem with the fuel supply. 🤔 Great video brought back some good memories. 👍
88-E 7.5t ex tarmac lorry worth what ever u can get in scrap for it. Would cost easy £3k to get it back on the road with a mot with min parts, hoses, liquids and pipes if was a horse box worth about 2-4k but other than that worthless hgv
Mrs Car Pervert ' jonny you will be careful wont you', sees  this video ' that could have fallen on you at any minute'  you ' but it is a GLS'
Great video Jonny, thanks to Richard for sharing and "The Sierra Song" by Oliver Conlon is the perfect tune!
The magic of 20 years, value when stored £500. Value when extracted £5000.
I thought Ford's XR moniker was a local Aussie thing as a nod to the 1960s XR model.  but here I see an XR predating our XR6.
Excellent video,  that car needs to be sympathetically recommissioned to preserve its patina. We had a Sierra Sapphire Ghia with the 2.0 twin cam engine,  apart from an appetite for valve stem seals it was an excellent car.
I had a Sierra GLS (G468HWN) the same colour blue a this. Sadly not a 2.9 4x4 but loved it. Changed the suspension to Cosworth spec and rolling road tuned.
Hello jonny m8,I've a 86 ford orion 16i ghia,been left for 20 years ,
Top channel jonny
Sierras have a part in Australian history, to win Bathurst but only to have the win thrown out on a technicality considering it was never even sold here. GLS 4x4 sounds like the one I'd have if I ever have the chance to buy one. Also the Sierra song made it to my playlist on Spotify. Such an awesome song!
I hope you reset the fuel pump cut off switch in the boot under the spare wheel as many people bung heavy items in the boot and the cut-off trips just saying I would think it was the first thing you checked haven't watched the video yet but please check it first.
I bought an 89 1.8 CVH estate in late 99. It belonged to a guy who was off on a round the world trip,he had nowhere to park it so was about to scrap it,I offered scrap value,£30 then. It had 6 weeks T&T,but the engine chucked out a cloud of smoke when floored. I ran that car for 16 years,by which time it had gone through 2 engines,3 gearboxes,  I replaced doors,tailgate,upgraded the front seats,welded in sills,wheel arches,inner and outer wing after a crash and a lot of the floor at the front. I used to do the dreaded compliance bushes all the time until I discovered polybushes. In the end it all got to feel a bit tired,and the Radiant Red was no longer,well,radiant,so it got replaced with a 2000 Focus Estate. I felt a bit disloyal to the old Sierra,especially when it went to someone with a P100 for parts,but it needed a full restoration really.
Love the fact you were just outside Maidstone!!
Great cars I had the granada scorpio 2.9 4x4 on a g plate cracking car. Great video sir
The 6 cylinder in the Cargo was a great engine.
I must admit as a Sierra owner myself many years ago, I was enthralled by this video and your quest to get it out of that collapsed shed. Mine was bought from a dodgy car auction, all I knew it ran and drove in under it's own power. I ended up paying £500 for it. Not bad for a less than 10 year old car. It seemed tidy on first inspection, started up perfectly ran sweet enough and was a pleasure to drive, it even came with a full set of pepper pot alloys in the boot, with tyres which I sold later for £100.  It was red and I think a 'y' reg, memory is a bit vague, it might have been an 'a' reg, I'm fairly sure it was a 1.6 but when I took it in for an MOT my mechanic told me it was a 'bits of'  car ie it had cortina gearbox and engine! Also it had a bad leak in the rear quarter offside window, on removing internal trim etc it was clear the frame around the window had a kink in it and had lots of filler/ sealer type gunk in there  I suspect it had been in an accident and damaged, externally there was no sign of repair though!  I loved the car and cherished it, ran it for a long time, got my moneys worth out of it and eventually sold it for £450 so with the £100 I got for the alloys, I was £50 up on my investment!  Only issue I had was it threw a rubber cush drive absorber out of the drive shaft UV joint, so ran like a dog, lots of vibration etc cost virtually nothing to repair etc  The good thing with Sierras there was 100s of them in scrapyards.  I'm thinking if yours isn't making the fuel pump noise it may be stuck on the immobiliser and the ezi start is just firing off making it sound like the engine is trying to start, see if you have a spark? Can't remember if the immobiliser just stopped the fuel pump or if it stopped the spark as well?
Late 70s - Early 80s toyota crown hubcaps on the vannette!
When part #2 ?
DVLA records show first registered 30th October 1989 and not having had its first MOT
This was registered in Linacre Lane Bootle Liverpool, quite possibly a Peoples salesman by the name of Kevin Reilly would of sold this? He was the RS salesman of that showroom at that time
Had no idea Ford had a line named Sierra, used to have a 1992:GM Sierra pick up, miss that truck but couldn't find another stick shift transmission, after the one in it died,  much more fun to drive
"Ullo John! Gotta New Motor?"
fuel cut-off in boot under spare wheel?
Hi was just wondering what the song call please cheers
Love a good allen scythe.  Brings back memories of my dad.
I work on a farm welding, so menny bits lying around scrap bits everywere!
Would love to see a follow-on video of it firing up and driving around. :)
Thanks Jonny
Great to see this video im hooked after a couple of seconds
Great video - I love the Sierra and I am not even a Ford man!  I was confused when they said the GLS 4x4 was a Ghia with 4WD - surely the Ghia 4x4 was that?
1992 and I'm 25, I don't have a uni degree. I drive 38 tonners on the then average wage. I own my own house and just bought a brand new Sierra GT. My savings earn 7%, I have money in my pocket and no debt. Looks like the UK economy has been in a chicken shed for 20 years too.
There was a teacher at my school that had an XR4i in red way back in the day, great looking car at the time. A few years later I regularly walked past a Sierra XR4x4 in my town that I guess was a similar colour to the GLS in this video. Used to admire both those cars all those years ago, always had a soft spot for them. I drove past a completely mint white XR4i parked outside a classic car dealer near Southwell (Nottinghamshire) last year and did a u-turn to go back to it and take photos, looked a really nice car, even the interior was fairly fancy and I bet it's a nice driver for the owner.
Lots of fun. It would be good to see some updates on the car
The main difference besides the interior trim is that an XR4X4 had ABS and the GLS 4X4 didn’t but all of the engine/gearbox/and running gear was exactly the same.
Richard is a real Richard. Everyone knows a Richard like this Richard.
Is there going to be a follow up to this vid?
Great chemistry with the owner in this one! Seems like a top bloke… Great soundtrack too!! Lol
Great find, great vid 👍
As the registration was being revealed, I would never had guessed that the last letter would be B, always a Liverpool mark whereas Kent CC had a good number of K marks issued.  Great content.
Part 2 please!
My buddy got on XR4i - 91 for free a couple of years ago, the old owner just wanted it to be removed from his property. He said it had to many faults with the car (new spark plug and front brakes was needed 🤦‍♂) My buddy used it as a winter car (that's what we call a rwd or 4x4 that's only used to skid with during winter in Sweden) Later he gave it to another buddy that took the engine and scrapped the chassi. Mind you the chassi had barley any rust 🤔 Dunno why he scrapped it.
Had a 1990 Ford Sierra Sapphire 2.0 dohc 15 years ago. Bought a Cosworth Recaro interior and  some upgraded parts for the chassis that was a huge upgrade. Had a lot of fun with it on snowy winter roads. Would love to have one today.
Will there be a follow up video on this?
Brilliant episode well done
Hi Jonny great show and enthusiasm from you as normal. What I'm about to comment on has already been mentioned by other people? I must also say i do genuinely know and appreciate at times other part of life just gets priority. But and it maybe me I felt it was your car lol and you had called him to help with the collapsed roof. I maybe wrong but most if not nearly all who watch obviously including yourself can remember most if not all the good things, bad things and what you needed to do to get what car you had to work? Also the cars faults. When your giving him the stats on how many sold and remain , firstly he is looking elsewhere and you quickly turn to the camera lol. He then goes "wow" lol. I'm not sure he was even interested in the boot find lol. Your concern over the ceiling etc Your enthusiasm, brilliant as is ours for watching the Sierra unveiled.  Owners club I'm guessing and hoping maybe interested ?? Or a Ford fan. Car looks pretty good and as people have requested would be good to see cleaned up. 5 out of 5 again Jonny.  Kind regards   Paul
I had a 2.8 4x4, which I was told was faster than the 2.9. I never got the chance to match mine against a 2.9, so never knew for sure. I really regret selling mine, but as I grew older, I swapped speed for comfort. Much like my women really.
Bloody awesome…….top marks for pulling that out in one piece……👍😜🇮🇲
Yes! We need a part 2!!👌🙏🙏🙏🙏
Hi Jonny. Great barn find.  Those stainless wheeltrims on the Vanette are from a Toyota Crown 2600 from 1972 to 1975. Washed them many a time as a teenager  when Dad had one as the family car.  Another great video.
Digging the car out of the barn looked like as, or more fun than getting in it and trying to get it started! Just watching the light and knowing when the car emerged you had been there pretty much all day doing it. That's the kind of day I like!
Competion for vice grip garage
There is a fuel cut off switch in the bootmight need resetting
So true as you said, we used to see loads and just think 'arghh another Sierra'.  But when you pulled it out it oozes retro, the colour, the bucket seats, tape player and those pepperpot wheels!
Well done Oliver Conlon for having your Sierra song accompanying this video.😉☺😊👍👍
Another great video, my only concern was neither of you had a hard hat or mask on, just thinking of your own safety chaps
I clearly remember the first time I saw a Sierra in the flesh.  I was nearly sick.  Properly weird.  What was my first car 14 years later ?  XR4x4 2.9i...
8:45  " Oh God almighty..." Is Richard choked over the amount of trivia comming from Johnny....and expecting more graft :-)
What a car i remember a friend's dad having a black gls 4x4 with wheel trims though. Not a missing grill that's a sapphire bonnet(shorter to allow for a grill)
You should come to my workshop. It's full of lawnmowers, an '88 Celica GT4 ST165 and a 30T airport fire engine. Well, the fire engine isn't in the workshop, it's next to it as it won't fit! 🤣
had the matchbox one in yellow and black or brown.
There should be a fuel cut off button/switch under the spare wheel center hole on those.. It was a safety device on fuel injected cars (Scorpios and Cossies have them too )  and will shut the fuel flow off if you go over a bump hard or if you have an accident etc. Does that help..?
Johnny - please get a hard hat or Bump cap!
I drove ford demo cars back in the day.. The 2.8 and later 2.0 4x4 were horrid..!! Then one day/night the  2.9 with a way better gearbox and ehgine showed up unannouced, what a car..!  St Neots  to Edinburgh in 4.45 hours via A1 to Newcastle,  A696 to nr Otterburn, A68 Jedburgh and Edinburgh. ( We would leave about 0200 am to get there for 0900ish} Got there by 0645 leaving time for a nap..!!  (No cameras back then.) It was way more comfortable than the Cossie on distance and still very quick. There was an estate version and a bue light estate version too. The cops i spoke to liked the estate for carrying all their stuff and could still catch bad people..!
back in the day my mums best friends used to drive an XR4i and i loved it. black with a red stripe and the ridiculous rear spoiler like the cossies. 8 year old me was very impressed and i still very much have a soft spot for them. there used to be an old 1.6 sierra round the corner from me, uncovered and rotting away in a drive. it moved not long ago and the house looks vacant so i can only assume it moved on with its owner. its so rare to see a Sierra out on in the wild considering they were just everywhere in the early 90s, so good to see this one preserved. another cracking episode Jonny and team.
Allen Scythes @03:56 and mentioned @04:16 just hit something inside me so I hope people won't mind my reminisces. My dear old Dad worked at John Allen's at Cowley, Oxford for over 25 years and became Company Secretary at John Allen & Ford plant hire when Fords were taken over. I still have his silver cigarette box every employee was given on 25 years service (they got a gold watch at 50 years). 'Allens' had a great social club and at the Summer Fete mums would do the teas, the company fire brigade would compete against others and there was always cricket. And of course the bar was always the centre of events all year round. It was a family business and employees were 'family'.  Dad had a heart defect from a young age and try as he might he was always turned down for service in the War and that always hurt him. He was told he would be dead by 23 but it never did. Jaundice after a heart operation did though but only when he was 52 in 1969 when I was 22. Allens was a great company and Dad loved the place. And now someone is peeling onions ffs ...
My dad had a 2.0i GLS Saphire, I actually prefer them with the wheel trims. I'd forgotten they did a 4x4, a very rare car now, glad to see it escaped getting squashed in the barn. However - I don't think it's a good idea to try and start an engine that hasn't been run in 20 years without changing fluids and a thorough check over, you're likely to do more harm than good
It's a hideous relic, best consigned to the scrappies. My Dad had one, he hates the bloody things.
Love that!!  What a brilliant achievement gutting it out.  Ne good to do a follow up episode if he sets to having it as a running survivor. Get him to one of your shows this year with it!! Top job.
This was excellent, this really needs you to go back and do a valet day with Richard and a get it started day. Great video
Be good if you did a follow up  with the sierra put back on the road.
Love it, so funny
That immobiliser was something that Ford used as an aftermarket add on in that era. We used to fit loads of them at PDI. Push plug in and remove straight away, it operates an relay if i remember rightly. Have actually got one i still use on my 1992 Escort. Easily removed nothing to them.
Great film, great to find the car in that condition. Had a 2.0 GLSi hatch and a Sapphire version as well, loved them both.
You can't just stop there... the has to be a part 2, getting it running. Then a part 3, cleaning it. Part 4, tires and brakes and finally a drive down a country lane.
Great video and all, but I find it hard to swallow that you have people who are so wealthy in both land and money that you can literally drive a car home, park it, then go buy another one (more or less) forgetting about the previous one... And it wasn't just cars in that shed... I dunno... Doesn't paint a good picture for all those hard up farmers not being able to make ends meet.
I like these sorts of episodes (particularly the music in this one!) It's a more 'average joe' celebration of cars (a bit like Max Power) that seems to be forgotten at times these days. I know the wealthy have got lovely cars but there was a time when the workers had them too.
I remember my dad had 2 sierras. Can’t remember the first one but the second was a blue estate. Beautiful beast, sadly my aunt had it and then sent it for scrap
Couldn't believe it when I saw the reg number!  I was the proud owner of G848 DKB, my first brand new 2WD Sapphire Cosworth.  I bought it blind via an ad in the Sunday Times and it was driven down from Peoples Liverpool by an 'elderly gentleman'.  I dropped him off at Chippenham railway station then took it for a spin down the A4 towards Newbury, couldn't believe the acceleration although the heated windscreen was a novelty in winter.  A few months later I had a BBR Phase 2 conversion done then I traded it in for a 4WD Sapphire which also had BBR Phase 2 upgrade done.  My final Cossie was a small turbo Escort Cosworth (Mallard Green) ex Ford Management car which I bought from the Ford main dealer in Macclesfield.  As these were never used for rallying there were no big BHP conversions so I was limited to a 275BHP ECU upgrade - zero lag though!  All three were maintained by Richard at Walker Jacksons in Swindon where they had a dedicated Cosworth service bay, he also made sure that my two blown turbos were replaced under warranty as he never disclosed the BBR conversions on the claim forms.....  Great memories!
Smashin'
Loved this video. My old man had several Sierra's. Had a E Reg 2.8 XR4x4 that I used to learn to drive in. I always thought the GLS was a 2.0i which sat below the XR4x4. I never realised Ford then made a GLS 2.9i 4x4. The XR4x4's were great in the snow. Remember getting up early with my Dad on a snowy Sunday morning and pretty much drifting it about everywhere. Think the split was 40-60 front to rear. A very underrated car, always in the shadow of the Sapphire Cosworth 4x4. The only thing I cringed at was trying to start up an engine that's stood still for 20 years. Better to get it on a ramp first and get that old oil out of it. Be like treacle.  Please can you do catch up video's of these Barn finds, once the cars have been restored and brought back to life?
Well done Johnny I really like these barn find video's! Probably an old school trick, usually when a car has been sat for a very long time we use to put a few drops of engine oil down the spark plug holes and leave it for a few minutes, this would avoid turning the car over dry which could potentially score the cylinder or snap the piston rings.
Anyone once wondering if folks have cottoned on to the fact Jonny is handy and willing at clearing up?  Jonny I think there's an old Allegro at the back of my Son's bedroom...
My Dad had an an all white XR 4x4 with a blue pin stripe. As a 13 year old there was nothing about that car I didn’t love. I’m pretty sure that was the genus of my love for cars. Sadly sold years later and, like most of them, rusted in to the ground PDQ (despite being garaged mostly). I think it was pulled off the road in 2000 or so.
I’ve driven one of those. Rare as hens teeth. Boy is that a fast car!
Definitely a part 2 please. We have to see this car back up and running.
E339RLS  Was my Sierra XR 4x4 (2.8i) if I remember right bought from Polar motors York.in the 80s loved it .....probably long gone now though.
Fuel shut off in the boot,  easily tripped throwing spare wheel in , just push button and it re sets
Looks good and the tyres are only flat on the bottom 🤣🤣
Did you check the fuel cut off in the middle of the spare wheel well
I'd love to see this car up and running again! I love fords from this era, reminds me of the black mk3 Granada my dad had when I was very young when I lived in England I think in the late 90s.
Great video! I visited the UK in late '86 and my uncle had just bought a brand new 2.8 XR4x4 that he was still running in. Drove to Paris in it, and on the way back - somewhere on the M25 at 2am - we were doing roughly 200 km/h and were passed by what must have been a Cosworth RS500 doing significantly more. I've never forgotten it. You don't see very many Sierras any more in New Zealand but there's a couple nearby (in pretty shabby condition).
I'm sorry but I cannot fathom why folks do that Horde 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Johnny you going to do another video of it with the with the with you getting it running
Currently trending on YouTube tonight at number 19! Totally epic!💕
IKEA, Crappy Furnature for even crappier people
Shame you ran out of time, it'd be great to see a follow-up to this. Funny how something like a Sierra is extremely rare now!
Fuel pumps need a Jeremy Clarkson approach... just give it some love taps of disapproval with its stance on refusing to give up the juice.
A perfect antidote to an otherwise dull day down under, congratulations once again for such a great presentation.
I think everyone in the comments would love to be there helping you both. This is like catnip for proper petrol heads - like therapy watching it! Thanks for some more great content!
Chris at salvage rebuilds uk is renovating a ha viva he would be grateful of that wing
Previous owner of a 2.8 Ghia 4x4 D reg. I would happily have one of these for fun. Back in the 80/90s you had one of these or a Cavalier as a company car. My mate had a J plate Chasseur and he put 69k on in one year!
I would like to see a re visit when he gets it going 👍🏻
I remember my Dad getting a Sierra on a C plate for a company car. It was a 2.0 ghia and as you said compared to the old Cortina was out of this world.
I think this may be a winner. Thank you for sharing! Look forward. To see it run!
probably already some where in the 666 comments below, but does it have an inertia  fuel pump cut off switch in the boot that has tripped after moving it. These are designed to stop the fuel pumps in an accident to reduce the chance of big fires by stopping fuel from being emptied from the tank. The reset switches are often in the boot by the spare wheel from memory, as they often trip when you throw the wheel back in after changing a spare.
I'm after a Ford cargo! Need engine and box is it for sale???
Great jobb  too save  that. Poor Sierra.     Greatings from Sweden 👍🏻👍🏻
we need a follow-up on the vanette and lorry 😁
gee there is nothing more boring than a ford sierra
Nice work
Fab episode! I saw there was a new one and I’m like, “no, no, not going to watch, I have things to do “ So, 30 minutes later, I’m all “c’mon, start fer cryin’ out loud!”  An update episode later with Richard would be cool. Lots of fun. Stay safe & keep ‘em coming!
I had one of these, same colour and spec. I'm sure the reg was G428KHE. Loved it
I have an old Firenza parked in a barn in Easington Village, County Durham. Been there since 1998. It was parked up after the Tunisa v England match at France 98 world cup. The key is with the car but hidden.
@2.50 whats that blue car over the guys shoulder ???? A Granada????
A great video the under dog the wolf in sheep clothing
Another great video Johnny. It’s hard to believe Sierras are so old now, I remember my Dads 2.3 diesel when it was brand new. Keep up the good work 👌👍
A Sierra was my first car. I loved that car very much.
Check fuel pump fuse hence bang the tank to see if pump has locked up standing that long better still fresh petrol
Yepp!!…You do ABSOLUTELY right!!….first you use the digger!!…dig like a 4 meter deep 🕳!!…then use the crane!!…dump that crap called ford in the 🕳….fill it!!….done!!…one more ford is gone!!
So to put a slight better picture on this for you guys! The Sierra was tucked away in that chicken shed for about 20 years as your aware and had no intention to get it out! But the barn had different ideas and because it’s totally made of timber the uprights to to roof joists was rotting which caused the roof to start to fall in and seeing this I new the car had to come out which is why I contacted Jonny to document this and also to see if the car had survived which it did without a dent.But the hard work to get this out was immense and had taken us nearly all day to clear a runway and to after some strapping lifting the roof enough to clear the sierras roof we could pull it out and now lives in the other barn where it’s safe but not buried.I read a lot of people would like to see what happens next! Well my intentions are to get this going and roadworthy again this year! I will document what happens and hopefully Jonny maybe able to put something together as a follow up to this.But I do appreciate the feedback and tips from you guys that I shall be following up on for the car! But a big shout out to Jonny and his team for coming along! As you can see Jonny had me chuckling and laughing all day such good sport! 👍
The Sierra still looks nice, I would've liked to see it running and an exterior wash.
Peoples Ford is a dealership based in Falkirk. Other dealerships are in Edinburgh and Livingston (where I got my Kuga Serviced) At that time there was also a dealership in the town of Bathgate.
Part 2 needed. Great part 1
Really enjoyed that one. Thanks Jonny
One for salvage rebuilds
Absolutely top drawer entertainment from TLBS. Keep it coming 👍👍
Another absolutely amazing episode. My favourite YouTube channel. I absolutely love a Sierra. My dad had a 89 Saph saloon in white. And because of that, the Sierra has always weirdly been one my dream cars. Keep up the amazing work Jonny and team.
One of the best episodes yet Johnny, I would definitely buy that  car and have brought back to Gloucestershire and recommissioned...
You should really put fogging oil down the cylinders and let sit for a while, and give all the fuel lines and injectors a cleaning before trying to start a car that's been sitting so long. Not to mention a full service with new plugs and leads. Trying to get it going like that is just going to damage the engine that might have been fine if recommissioned properly. Take a look at m539 restorations to see how it is done on his projects.
I would definitely buy that car NOW!!!
Great videos these Barn Finds
Epic video Johnny!
So we can rescue a fooking car using various machinery but when it comes to a child who has fallen 32ft down a well no one could accomplish it in time to save that little boys life....well done society
Wierd steering wheel
My dad had a sapphire 2000E in blue and grey also on a G plate, remember getting it 1/1/1990 as had been delivered the previous week to his company car park. Was a runout model if I remember correctly and was a really nice car. It had a certain nice interior smell. As you opened the sierras door I could almost remember that smell again. Took me back to my childhood and days out with my dad on the road 😁
MOT passed. 😂
Good video. Check the emergency fuel pump cut off under the spare wheel. I know bit late now 🙃
That noise of her turning over brought back memories of my Granada V6 starting up.... lovely to see you rescue it from the jaws of fate with demolition coming 👌.... great find.
My first car was a 1.6 GLS with Ghia seats. I absolutely loved that car and would love another Sierra
that was entertaining, well done Jonny
Hey Jonny, another top video and another top barn find - great work. I reckon the hubcaps on the Vanette are 1972 Toyota Crown - very rare I'd imagine.
I enjoyed the vid, wife just asked why I’m watching some bloke clear his shed out though… 😂
Don’t forget the Vanette’s twin - the LDV Cub
That song was sung in a really thhhicc accent. It broke the close caption, it just said [Music] 😅
Very impressed with this car however it is a shame but it has had the bonnet swapped for a sapphire one.
The fuel pump cutoff is located on the rear sidewall of the boot. (On US spec cars. I don’t know about European or UK spec models). It was designed to cut off fuel in the event of a rear end collision. They got a bit dodgy as the miles piled up. Mine got so sensitive that it was cutting off when I would hit sleeping policemen.  One other problem with fuel injected Fords: the fuel would get into the spark plugs and they wouldn’t give enough spark to turn them over. I had the same problem on my XR4Ti, a Bronco, two Tauruses and Mondeo.
Love these videos Jonny, a timely reminder me I need to up my Patreon as such a great watch, song choice is genius.  If Countryfile ever do a feature on Barn Finds they know who to call
Great video , stored my old 2.0glx cosworth replica in barn from 2001 until 2014 , sold it for peanuts , fella then kept it in his garden where it rotted for 5 more years until.he finally sold it to someone who wanted to restore it . Said person sent me a few pictures asking me about my old car , I was very excited,  eve offered to buy it back once completed!   One week later he had broken the car and parts were lying on his garage floor for sale . Oh the regret.....   Love sierras,  ideally looking  for a 2.0 gls sapphire but would take that 2.9 hatchback.  Whats happening  with it next, ??   Great  video Johnny keep up the good work  👏 👍 👌 🙌
having now had chance to watch the video, chances are dragging it out in that manner probably actuated the fuel pump cut off (safety thing for the event of an accident) which can be reset by pressing the button in the boot!  if i could find a car like that at the right price, id be tempted to daily it!
I owned a US Spec Ford Sierra XR4TI and they don’t rust. I found mine (which was 12 years old when I got it) ten years after selling it. And 22 years of salty Wisconsin winters had only dulled the paint.  The underbody was sprayed with tar when it was new off the line.
Another great episode, really enjoyed watching that one.
We need to have a part two!  Seeing this running and driving.  PLEASE :)
Would be great to see it again when it’s running and cleaned up
The caps in the Vanette are from an old Toyota Crown. Always enjoy these barn find rescues.
I love this series, I really hope you can do some follow ups on some of the cars as to what happened next!
Love this episode it got me through a very boring train journey the movements with these machines to get the car out as great and a photocard survive at literally half an inch was great.can we see it starting and restored please 🙏
All my XR4is and XR4x4s had the same thing in common...no sills. I always wanted a Granada Cosworth.
I had 3 of these Fords in the states where they were called Merkur XR4Ti.  Really fun cars for the time.
I has a mkIV escort with the same Jack plug immobiliser. I think essential kit to go with the BFF would be a jerry can of 98 some hose and a £10 electric fuel pump from Fleabay.
My sierra sapphire hasn’t run for around 15 years now. Maybe I should get it running….same colour too!
Hope you do a follow up video when the cars has got started.
i love the barn find episodes
This format of show is just brilliant and they just get better and better well done to you Jonny 😍
Jonny, at 3.25, is that an Allen scythe on the left hand side? Lovely old thing. I used one a few times to cut the local churchyard and I can tell you that if it gets away from you it is impossible to stop, they are bloody lethal, they’ll gnaw through big branch’s. Wow.
Maybe I’m not wealthy enough, but I know exactly where all my cars are. I certainly don’t buy a truck and park it to never use it.
❤
Loving the cheesey country Sierra Song from Northern Ireland as that's where I live and am from.
This is great Jonny! I had 2 Sierra GLS’ back in around 2000/2001 but they were both the 2.0 pinto RWD, the white one was my first car on the road!  This car probably won’t start without the little fuel relay switch in the boot being reset. I once spent several hours stuck far out on the beach at Pendine Sands wondering why the car wouldn’t re-start whilst crapping myself as the tide was coming in!!!  Thanks for bringing back the memories, would be great to see a follow-up vid if you can👍 Great job on the channel too 👍
Ha ha!!! He just got you to clear his barn out for nothing!!! I admire you for your volunteer work!!! 😂😂😂
ooh nice .. pretty sure that will scrub up really well
Good effort guys!! A proper adventure.
Thats an superb car
Interesting video Johnny, apart from the sporty bits, I wonder what difference there was between the GLS 4x4 and the XR4x4 given that both had the 2.9 V6?
Nothing lifts the heart of an old petrol head quite so much as a Cologne engined Sierra. It's nectar. Pure nectar.
I used to have an XR4i and this brought back some great memories.
09:18 if I keep this bloke in the nerd zone long enough he'll have this whole place cleared out for me without me having to do anything (just hope there's a car back there) 😉
Brilliant as always Jonny. It would probably be an admin nightmare in terms of health and safety etc. But if you ever wanted extra hands to help clear out barns like this, I'd happily get involved. I imagine many others would too.
It's against the grain I know.... But now that the car has survived....... I think it deserves an ev conversion!
Richard is a man if there ever was one.
I proper chucked at Kent Vice
can we have a part 2 johnny
The fuel pumps on these don't like being sat. I replaced a few second hand ones before getting a new one for a Merc I think. Cost was the issue as the Sierra one was over £120 and the merc 1 was £35, and has lasted well over 10 years.
This was wonderful. Thanks Jonny!
More videos like this 👍👍👍 love it 😍
awsome i owed one of these for three years same year same color paid £400 for it many many years ago .brought back many memories
We want part 2 please ‼️
Hi Johnny  Its got a sapphire bonnet on the car ,it should have the long bonnet as its the sierra 5dr not a 4dr sapphire.
Happy memories. I owned three Sierras, the latest being a K plate 2.0i GLS in black. Loved it!
Part 2 a must. Need to see her fire up and move under her own steam. Even though Cortina’s look cooler than the jelly mould seierra
I think the hub caps are from a Toyota crown?
Fool injected,,,, the pump will be dead, filter clogged and quite possible fuel return diagfram dead also. Probably plastic tank so that should be ok. And then some breeze in the tyres to put it on the trailer.
XR4x4 in luxury sleeper spec
I'd always be wary of turning any engine over that has a cam belt, dunno what Sierras have.
What a great project car, nice work Jonny!
Great great episode! I was lucky enough to have a new G-reg (XR) 4x4 back in the eighties and we got done for speeding through a (hidden) radar trap on a deserted motorway out of Andorra early on a Sunday morning, as I was basically in too much of a hurry to catch the afternoon ferry from Calais. The Gendarmes all had guns and kept me there for an hour or more (in an old dark blue VW microbus) until I had successfully paid the on the spot fine and let us go again! Slightly irresponsible but still happy memories of “being young” I guess. - I think I’m on about my fifteenth Ford now….😊🚗
I remember a friend of mine having the estate version of the car. It went faster than s*^t off a shovel and was a loveley car to drive.
Need a BFHH for this one! *barn find hard hat
Love the barn find videos. It would be interesting to revisit the cars after a period of time to see what became of them.
My grandparents had a long succession of Fords and I remember as a child playing with the headlight wipers on their Sierra (possibly one of two Sierras that they had, IIRC). That's about the best memory of it I have now... oh, and my aunt had an XR4x4 and a Cosworth. But those are a bit mainstream ;-)
I hired one once from practical car hire back in the 90s, always fancied an estate but never got around to looking for one, stupid money now for anything worth having.
loved this video Jonny. my first car was a 2.0 Pinto Sierra and a hoot to drive. Any chance you can do a later update on this and what happens to it?
A true classic. Would be great to see an update on this in a few months.
Love these barn find videos. Would be brilliant to do some "where are they now" revisits on the earlier cars you've helped pull out
I picked a Subaru barn find up fuel pump was ROTTEN
Are ye going to do a follow up video on the car??
Great day at the office .......
What a great find, it would be good to got a part 2 to this one to see if you can get it running Etc.. Keep up the great content Jonny & Co.
These barn find episodes are filled with the stuff that petrol head dreams are made of. Nice one Richard & Johnny👍
As a British Car channel a Ford is a must, but the lack of licking Tea is mind boggling! 😂 Just look ANY show in TV for example!
It is absolutely amazing what becomes rare and 'desirable' if you stick it in a corner and forget about it. An excellent salvage job. Well done.
I remember an old xr3i we had having an immobilizer key exactly the same as that! Old school 👌🏻
Great barn find, learned to drive in my Dads Sierra, the only car I have spun in the rain (touch wood), great effort getting it out of there in 1 piece, love these farmers who just have stuff like this stored away and are like oh yeah, i forgot i had that lol
Nice find.  Pretty sure the ford, similarly to the Mazda of the same era with those same trap door afm's has a signal from afm to the fuel pump relay. They need to be plugged in. I would have checked power as close to the fuel pump as practical first and foremost.  Then work forward if there's no power and back if there is.
nice find, but the grill is missing as its the wrong bonnet. thats a sapphire bonnet, the bonnet should come down to the strip under the headlights.
Inertia switch in the boot!
This was fantastic, I can't believe you both managed to get it out perfect! Parents had loads of Sierras when I was a kid as they had a Ford dealer- we had a champagne gold Sapphire GLS 😊 would love to see an update somewhere down the line
Very IMPRESSIVE video!!!!!!!!
My Silvia is sat in a chicken shed for 3 years barn find if you will lol
I had exactly the same model in the same colour till it dropped all its water from the heater matrix...😔..Wish I still had It..I loved that car...❤️
in the booth underneath the sparewheel on my old sierra there was a fuelpump disengager when the car flips upsidedown. maybe that has popped out and just needs a reset?
My Dad was a Ford dealer (Castle's in Holmfirth), the XR4x4 estate was our go to Lombard RAC Rally spectating tour car and boy did they get a thrashing over those weeks!
Another great episode Jonny. This channel just gets better and better. Thank you and keep up the great work.
Toyota crown hubcaps?
Really enjoy these vids, little suggestion though, it might be nice to have every now and again what time it is, like when you started, and through the vid and an end time, just so we get a better idea how long you have been at it. Cheers.
I don't remember the 4 x 4 making it to Australia.  What a great day you had.
Passed an M.O.T  congratulations 🤣🤣
The Sierra was originally referred to as the Jelly Mould! If I remember rightly, the Ford initial pre-release press photos actually looked amazing as they were based on Ghia level trim but the actual run of the mill Sierra was initially a disappointment to see in the flesh. As Ford did with other models, it was facelifted a couple of times and ended up looking a lot better if in lower trim form in it's final form and the top models looked a lot closer to the original concept.
The digger got me hooked  =)
If you try more of this check fuel cut-off switch  in the spare wheel hole
Brave man. Roof partially collapsed, but I’ll just head on in under, I’m sure it’ll be safe.  😆
I'd drive it.
I have to admit that I did not know that this model existed. I had an '89 XR4x4, one of the few cars that I miss dearly.
Ahh, essential Monday afternoon viewing here in Melbourne once all the day's work has been done! Peoples Ford were a dealership in Liverpool / Widnes, the KB plate backs that up. Used to see their plates all over Cheshire when I was driving about as a late teen / 20 something, so for that to end up down south is a surprise, even back in the late 90's / early 2000's cars used to stay relatively local, North West Autotrader anyone?!  Brilliant show Jonny, having collected my own 'barn find' last weekend (the Bathurst cup photos) it's always good to see your stuff :)
Johnny. In the late 80s I was working in the oilfield, used to come back to the UK once a year for 1 month holidays. I used to hire a performance car from an outfit near heathrow. I recall it was called Town and Country of something similar. I hired a P 205 GTI for example. However one time I could not get a hot hatch and Hired a Sierra 4x4 ...  Yes it was slower, but , whatever I had hired it as the best car available and I wanted to get home to the north. I was a good to reasonable driver, overseas, many conditions.  Well being used to Hot hatches like the 105 GTI I put this 4x4 into a series of similar local well known curves, done with my ex Ford Capri  2.0 with no drama , Ford Sierra 4x4  BANG - the back end came loose and I was 'drifting' out of control .. I eased off and it straightened. I spent 3 weeks more trying to understand this Sierra 4x4 , but it was impossible to drive fast. Good , Good, Good then Lost the back end and no power ...a complete heap of crap.  You basically dug out dog Sh*t , a turd, even when new in the 80s the Sierra 4x4 was an accident waiting to happen. Please deposit to the breaker yard !
Great episode
In the voice of Robbie the Robot "Danger Jonny Smith, Danger!".  I hope we get a follow up on this one. Cool.
Wow looks a well preserved Sierra worth a few quid now that is becoming very rare 🤙🤙🤙
get some roof jacks/acroprops  if you want to keep those  old roofs from falling in on you...probably able to rent them by the day if you dont want to buy
That is SO COOL.
That is an amazing find and was meant to be saved since the roof didn’t completely fall in and destroy the car That is fantastic 👍👍👍
That could be an idea House clearances By Johny Smith. The Sierra is a real gem. To good to go. Hope there Will be a part 2.🔝🍻❤️
Johnny just watched latest barn find ford sierra skillful extraction    shame she no fire in end  needs a follow up did it get running back on road.
I hope that has power steering cos i has an 88 Sapphire without it in 1992. Not bad to drive but fuck trying to get it into a parking space without the aid of Geoff Capes.
Best series on youtube bar none. Thanks Jonny!
Cool car is it just me or does this seam a tad set up yes ? No? Maybe?
great vid as always,hope this car can get put back on the road.
Owner doesn't care a whit & Johnny is overflowing joy. Perfect...!
Thanks Richard.
My grandad had a sierra sapphire but only a L spec one and that is possible from the same ford dealers  my 2004 focus is from as my also sill has its original dealer plates on it and there also say people Ford on them but there have 6 dealerships 3 in Scotland and 3 around Liverpool and my car is from one of rhenium Liverpool ones as is starts with a M on the current type of plates
I love these barn finds, it doesn’t need to be exotic to be interesting   When I watch these I wish I had something like these and then I realise I do lol I have 3 🤦🏼‍♀️
Like everyone else I too really enjoyed this, thanks!  My Dad had an XR4i, XR4x4 2.8 and 2.9 plus a GLS 2.0, so very nostalgic viewing.
Part 2 please!
Great episode, love the barn find ones but this one in particular as my dad has had many Sierras during my childhood. It could be my mid life crisis purchase in a few years time. Thanks team for a really enjoyable watch, would good to hear how Richard gets on with it!
My dad got a Sierra in 1983 and I thought it was so futuristic. Can't believe the battery on this one could still get it to crank! Fun one to watch
Get Richard on the payroll, perfect barn-find partner. Hope to see this old girl up and running again 👍
Brilliant video once again! Did you try resetting the fuel pump? There is a crash switch in the boot under the spare wheel. All the banging getting it out probably tripped it. How do I know? My dad had a 2.9 Ghia Estate and it cut out after a heavy bottoming out incident chasing rally cars in Cumbria.
Ford Cargo lorry? Nobody wanted them when they were new.
Ask Richard back for other episodes,seems like the perfect barn find partner to me. All the kit and a problem solver to boot.
THE WAY THIS COUNTRYS GOING IT WILL HAVE TO BE CONVERTED TO ELECTRIC TO USE ON OUR ROADS SOON
I think it’s got a Sapphire bonnet rather than a missing grille. The Sierra had the Ford oval on the bonnet rather than in the grille. Unless the 2.9 needed more cooling…
Love a Sierra, someone please find J73 MBY for me, I'd love to be reunited with her.
These videos are far and above what Discovery and Brewer manage to make far more real life well done Jonny and crew. 👏👏👍👍
Keep us updated, would love to see this car back on the road. Looks like a good spec car with the wheels, steering wheel, 4x4
My parents had one of these in white lovely car but never the xr in which the folks had 3 2.8's and 4 2.9's Awesome cars  Great content as ever
Considering Ford fanboys lose their shit over a 1.6 Orion in bronze they will be covering themselves over this. If you ever need a laugh just look on eBay at what they think crap from the 80s is worth.
I remember about this time there was a fashion for building 4x4 saloon cars - pretty sure there was a 4x4 Cavalier as well as the BMW 525iX, as well as sporting French 4-wheel drive cars - 21 Turbo Quadra, BX16x4, Peugeot Mi16x4 to name but a few. Then, just like so many fashions, it disappeared.
Love stuff like this!
I bought a sierra gls from a scrapyard, they had no idea what they had, popped the bonnet and it was a twin turbo, turns out it was turbo technics press car, stole the 3.14 diffs for my xr4x4 twin turbo
Another brilliant barn find video. I reckon you should do a follow up to some of these, see how the cars turn out a while later.
Love to see this being detailed.  I'm someone on utube can do it.  Excellent barn find.
Ahhh PLEASE do a PART 2 - I need to hear it start up, and see if it cleans up well - Great episode JS - you're the best!
Lots of Sierras ended up stripped as donors for kit cars, I had G reg 1.6l in the late 90s, fantastic car, cost me £400 with no MOT, sailed through the MOT and cost me almost nothing to run. Unfortunately some scrote  nicked it and ‘parked’ it in a lake.
We can’t leave it there I’m sure there’s loads of us that want to hear it running. Any chance of a part 2 🙏🏻👍🏻
I hate you now. I was 18 when the Sierra launched.
Another mega rare normal Sierra is the 2.0 is. Can't remember the last time I saw one on the road. Great channel. Love the barn find stuff.
That is a Liverpool reg, Great find!.
Thanks for saving another Sierra. I love those things.
Absolutely loved this thanks really love the Sierra
Never come across an old Ford without a dodgy fuel pump! I'm a Puma nut (the actual Puma, not the hideous SUV) and even them that may have only sat a year or two will seize. All the good times with this video, really enjoyed it!
That registration is a Liverpool registration, but Peoples was a dealer in Glasgow. I would hazard a guess it was originally a Ford Motor Company, company car at the Halewood plant, then sold off into the dealer network. Yet it ended up in Kent.
How that car escaped damage is anyones guess.
Those big headlights which take up nearly 2 thirds of the front scream Sierra and are still a cool piece of frontal design.
Love the sierra, had a few of them including the 4x4,much fun. I would love that old cargo truck their rare now.
The other 4x4 Sierra that was not an XR is the Ghia estate 4x4. There were 2.8 mk1 Sierras, 2.8 mk2's (I had one) and 2.9's. Also quite rare but not as rare as the GLS 4x4 (With white wheel trims!!)
What a brilliant video!  Hope there’s an update with Richard soon. Great stuff Jonny!
i remember working on my mums Cortina 2.0L talking about the new Ford Sierra's coming out soon and how they looked all weird lol then some years after yep all over the place here in New Zealand too, and also all but gone now, most rusted away very fast and why you don't realy see them anymore.
Love these barn finds.   I see Richard got himself some fresh new trousers for the visit of The Late Brake Show!
What is that with english people and sierra’s. Great footage again 👍
I had a 2.3L V6 Essex in the mid 80s loved that car, interestingly it was a 2door, lusted after the 3L and the XR8, which was a hooligan! but out of my finances at the time.
Please please make a part 2 and revisit this Sierra. Agree with other people posting perhaps the fuel cut off switch in the spare wheel well has been knocked!  A great 30 mins well spent.
I hope he gets it going . are you going to do a follow up ? you can't just leave us all hanging 😁😉
Awesome guys wish we could get another video when yous have more time would love to see the Sierra restored
Back in 1990 I bought a Sierra 2.0 Ghia 83 I loved it and remember telling everyone and anyone I knew to get a XR4i because one day they will be very collectible due to it being a one off body shape. Trouble is I never bought one myself. 🤦‍♂️
Brilliant show Jonny, this is the best  motoring  magazine tv on YouTube, just like all the great stuff that used to be on tv and with the Smith and Sniff pod seems that I might as well sell the telly!
Loved the Sierra as a kid of the 80’s, Dad would be given one for a week or so in between company cars which were Escorts, Maestros and Cavaliers.
Sorry for my bad english. I can renember those cars had an impact security switch in the boot(?), where the spare wheel sits. Try to make a look on it.🤷‍♂️
My favorite " Carceology "
Toyota Crown hub caps by the way!
I worked for a company that as a Turbo Technics agent. We turbo'd one of these, and i took it to the Police driver training school in Hendon for them to asses it.  It was before the Cosworth 4x4 and not long after two officers had tragically lost their lives in a 2 wheel drive Cosworth in Essex, so it was to see if the 4x4 was a better prospect and safer in use.  The result was a memorable day while i rode in the back during assessment, with some of the most highly skilled drivers in the business. Those guys persuaded me to take an advanced driver course, one of my better decisions.  Great find and great video.
I always think of the Sierra Ghia 2.8/2.9 4x4. They were hatchback or estate. A really great car, with all the toys and the safety of the 4wheel drive.
oddly not in the Apr' '89 or Feb '90 Ford brochures. It's in the March '89 one though. (I tried to link to the brochures on Flickr but it got deleted.)
Janspeed blippin  Fanny’s drippin
👨 🎽 👖Timing belt be like 👁👄👁
It’s not missing the front grill it’s had a sapphire bonnet fitted which has a short nose
I didn't know this model existed, I had two mates who had XR4x4's and another had a 4i.
Another great vid J - had a XR4x4 2.0 in 1994 (a little under powered after a Cav SRI 130). Have to comment on the vid @9.30 Jonny sweeping some light dust for 5 mins whilst the guy is observing half a garage still to empty 😂
I really like the show, these finds are amazing! I hope you get chance to revisit some of these once they're restored or even back on the road...
Simply Awesome 👌
Johnny i have a wry smile:  You see those involved with a new building  site wandering around a field with hard hats on just in case there's a low Flying Bird, and there's you in that collapsed barn!   LOVE IT!
Superb.
My Dad had 4 Sierras back in the day, 2.0 Ghia then a 1.6 GL followed by a 1.8 GL Sapphire and finally a G reg 2.0 GLS. Great memories came flooding back watching this.  And that song! Wow, absolutely brilliant!  Keep up the great work Jonny, highlight of the week OTSOT
Had to drive a Nissan serena which was the passenger version of a vanette. What a POS
Probably appeared elsewhere as a suggestion but were those hubcaps on the vanette from a Toyota Crown?
I had 2 sierras a white one 1.6GL UWG524Y. and a red 1.8L E938KCW, sold em both in fact PX the 1st one against the second.
Shuuuuuuperb!
Well, that was a bit good, wasn't it now. Here's hoping for a barnfind revisited episode. My day had an early 80's GL in light blue. After watching this episode, I now need to remind my wife that she wants a Sierra in her life...😄
Nice
We have a mk1 xr4x4 1986 2.8 that my dad has owned since 93....its going back on the road this year, needed a new fuel pump as ours hadn't been started since 2004....there easy to work on and problem solve, even the efi unit should be quite simple
An absolute belter 👍
I’m sure that’s a sapphire bonnet and grille, the 5 door had the Ford badge on the bonnet. Good to see another old Sierra come back into the open.
I think the cars from Peoples Ford Speke Liverpool
I really miss having a Sierra, I've had a few.
Ironic you were talking about Cosworth’s, was just talking to a friend in England who has a Cosworth Sapphire Sierra. His ABS pump has failed, anyone know if these can be rebuilt? If so, who does it?
the 2.9 V6 4x4 in GLS trim (rather than XR4x4 trim) were rare as HELL back in the day! the dealers i worked in sold a few XR4x4s but NEVER a GLS with a V6 OR 4x4!  Why is it i can never find anything like this to save, thats NOT a basket case, for a price i can afford??
Jonny, just wanna say you're a joy and I'd have a pint with you any day.
Another great bit of content from JS and that's coming from someone who was more into the Vaux side of things. Although I do remember my college lecturer taking me for a spin in his white Sierra XR4i which he promptly thrashed up the road going over speed bumps at 60mph. At that speed you pretty much fly over them rather than crashing about, great memories! He was also a senior fire fighter and come out with outrageous service related stories that we didn't fully believe....
Get that lorry going
Great show Jonny,hard to believe i gave away 3 sierras in the past for less than 500 quid and now cant buy one for less than 5 grand🤔 hope ye get this one resurrected
Nice find. Had a White J plate 4x4 back in the mid 90s.   Looked like the unmarked Traffic Police car that when around our area.
Great find buddy! Awesome video as always 🙂
Lovely car, top old man spec.
Brilliant video…engrossed from start to finish. More please.
Great work as always JS , keep up the hard work 😀👌
Might have to keep Richard on speed dial for future barn finds, well done getting it out.
Brilliant find. Love a mercury grey sierra! Has a short bonnet from a sapphire fitted but that’s not a big deal. This car needs saving. Would like to know if it’s ever for sale. 👍🏻👍🏻 best channel on here.
I did get a little excited when I saw the Westwood Gazelle W11!
I’ve got a cunning plan lol memories of Baldrick  from Blackadder
It's had the bonnet of a Sapphire put on it for some reason, but a Sapphire grille won't fit with the Sierra bumper as it has its own smaller grille as part of it. You'll need either a Sierra bonnet or a Sapphire front bumper and grille.
I’d so love a car like this!
Another great find Jonny. Enjoyed that!
Did I hear about HA Viva genuine parts ?   Wing ?   surely Quiet Chris from Salvage Rebuilds Uk could give it a loving home  upon his restoration ?  Surely those fog lights would look lovely on an Allegro ?  proper retro look
Like loads of others in the comments i had an XR4x4 in the late 90's. It was my first sporty car and i loved it. It was an F reg 2.8 in red, i couldn't quite find a 2.9 i could afford. Wish i still had it now!
love the gls 4x4,someone has put a sapphire bonnet on as the hatch models bonnet went down further,nice in mercury grey too nice!
Easily my favourite type of video on this channel!
I'll never understand how someone could forget they have a car...
That car will fetch a fair few grand at auction
Brought back some memories. My Dad bought two GLS 4x4’s for his business. G886AWK and G888AWK. One blue, one red. Great cars. Understated, but went well and sounded great. That MT75 gearbox was a peach.
yeah , he'll park next to his truck and it will still be in the same place 20 years from now - these people are insane - oh yeah and that barn will just keep on collapsing for the next 20 years also
In future you need to plan for a 2day stint.
If you haven’t already check the emergency fuel shutoff button under the spare tyre!
3:57 does that mower have a W11 engine?!?!  The grass is scared…
That Sierra 4x4 has to be the definitive survivor car. Another great video.
The grill isn’t missing on that car, it’s got a shorter sapphire bonnet fitted to it
"its not Miami vice..." too funny (even if its a Dad joke).  I grew up in Maidstone area and am sure i knew Richard back in the 80s.  Great episode again ...it really is the best petrol head program going. thanks Jonny.
Was around 2000 my mum had a 20lt gia auto that had a rare engine of some sort i believe that then became my step dads car to use all the bits he got off my cousins cosworth that some old woman wrote off in a car park lol was some car
Great find Johnny, The front grill isn't missing, it's got the wrong bonnet fitted (from a sapphire/cosworth) the correct bonnet for this should go all the way down to the bottom of the headlights
Best show on YouTube
This takes me back to 90.Mum had a Moonstone Sapphire 2.0 GLS auto, it was dad's ex company car he had for only 8/9 months then bought it for mum to replace her Fiesta Ghia auto. We can't remember why he had it, he'd had several Cortina then Sierra Ghias, the GLS then another Ghia and finally a Mondeo Ghia before he retired early. Thanks for bringing those memories back.
Awesome find, check fuel pump cut off, fuel pump relay & fuse but I bet fuel pump siezed and gummed up - easy to get at and check undo fuel filter and direct live the fuel pump.  Definitely needs another video on this car 👍
In the USA that car was the Mercur XR4 ti it just didn’t make sense to many There is a mint one sitting around the corner from my home but there are no parts here for them. Nice save Johnny.. the old tiller reminds me of the Goods of Good Neighbors Fame. The first off grid family of GB
Great show. It’s such a shame that the bloody scrappage scheme exterminated so many cars of that era.
My first car was a 2.0 GLS mk5. Cortina - in 1988 (8 years old) it was terminally rusty and burnt a lot of oil, with twin choke Weber carb and the optional tennis racket head restraints I loved it but alas wasn’t long for the world. I lusted after a sierra my mates dad had a facelift LX it seemed like a spaceship, also very long gone. It is amazing how good a top spec one still looks today, be great to see a follow up on these barn finds, and selfishly especially this one.
Hi Johnny great vid as always the vauxhall HA parts would be of interest to Chris at salvage rebuilds give him the details thanks for showing the classics we all grew up with!
What a wonderful way to spend an day digging out an old Sierra.  Love all TLBS episodes especially the barn finds. I know of a Morris Traveller in my village which I've always wanted to dig out and restore. Drive by it daily and always look to see it there surrounded by bales of hay and straw.  Thank you Jonny and the team for all your hard work!
I really hope this gets restored and you get the opportunity to drive it 👍🏻I used to walk past a red one of these on my way home from school back in the day. This is perfect Sunday evening viewing. Really enjoyed this episode!
I always turn them over by hand first just to be sure
Top work on the Barn Find! The grill isn’t missing, it’s got a sapphire bonnet on it instead of the proper hatchback one.
These are the absolute highlight of this wonderful channel
I had  J reg XR4x4 years ago, until it was stolen from the station car park and used as a getaway car. Of course it was trashed in the process of a chase with the cops.
What a brilliant barn find & recovery out of the shed also !!! 👍👍
more of this
Would have been bought at Peoples Ford Liverpool in Bootle so only about 5 miles from me here!
Had my first driving offence and speeding ban in my red 1990 turbo technics XR4x4 estate on the A127 in Essex,when I was about 22. 113 in the 70 section and 81 in a 50 section,an unmarked V6 Mondeo caught and followed me at a distance late at night on the empty road, it was so easy to get yourself up to stupid speeds. The magistrate took some pity on me ,probably after reading how much my insurance was😁and only banned me for 57 days,a strange number but hey ho!,I worked for someone else at the time and he was forced to use another employee to drive me about, for those 57 days,I had some good adventures in that car,this wasn't one of them😂.
Spotting a Sierra was always a highlight for me and my mates on new registration day every August in the 80s.
Nice barn find and video. Trying to start an engine that hasn't run in decades in a hurry without checking anything is exactly the way NOT to do it though... What's the point in ruining something great that could be restored just because you're in a rush? Would love to see more of this stuff, but only if done properly.
It’s cool you can’t always get it to run, it keeps the realness in it. In TV they would’ve sent a scout ahead a day before to check it it could fire  but just pretend it never happened.   I love the no smoke and mirrors.   Also, working with that crane I suddenly had a scrap heap challenge flashback and it made me wish Netflix did a reboot with Jonny as a host 😂
There has to be a 'Part 2' to this.  Need to see it cleaned up, and running!!
It was the merkur xr4ti in America i think
Superb video - love the digger skills, amazed that the barn roof wasn’t sat on the car (what are the odds..?!), and reminds me of my mums car she bought new in 1990 - a graphite (I think) grey ghia 4x4 hatch G670 WPU - loved that car!  Always wanted one (possibly with a 24v Scorpio cosworth engine..)…now fear I have left it too late to afford one!!
As a Sierra lover and owner of a 1986 MK1 Sierra 1.8GL I really enjoyed this one Jonny. Keep up the good work.
Ahead of their time , but time had run out. I remember you could buy these for £50
I had one of these many years ago. There is a tiny little fuel cut-off switch underneath the spare wheel trunk. I think it`s a safety feature if the car got rear ended.
Absolutely perfect video once again Jonny your barn finds just amaze me it’s such a brilliant watch. Would love to be on one of your barn find vids helping resurrect a car. Keep it up Jonny well done 👍🏼
Brilliant barn find Jonny! Love watching these, I was willing the bloody thing to start!! Nice one!👍👏👏👏😊
The year was 1994 and I remember going 130 plus  ish MPH  in a my friends Ford Sierra XR4I 4x4 down the motorway and telling him to slow down. He was trying to get to the top speed and I wasn't too keen.
Made in Genk (Belgium)...
Please go back and get her started 🤞
I was a boy when the Sierra came out and replaced the cortina. My dad had always had cortinas ,  I grew up with them. When my dad suddenly bought a sierra from auction I was absolutely offended how could he! I remember it was a ‘83A 2.0Gl, it had the idiot lights as my uncle called them that played up until it all settled down/warmed up. We had the Sierra through good and bad times it served us well. When you look at them now they were very ahead of their time in terms of how they looked very different from a cortina visually.  We then graduated to the wedge Granada 2.0 Ghia lovely super comfy and quiet.  Great video thank you for the memories. Great song too
I like the fact you walk out with an empty wheelbarrow,🤔🙄😉🤣
to be honest, alot of late 80s early 90s cars are gone from the roads. I remember early 2000s there were opels and fords and mercedes and such, now basically all of em are gone. they either rotting away in the woods, behind and in barns or just plain scraped :/
Slightly off-topic, I was bought an Escort Cosworth R/C car in 1981 from House of Fraser for Xmas, I remember it not looking like any car I new, but it was a Chinese made car about 12" x5" and ran on AA batteries, must have been a rip off of Ford R&D design as it even had the whale tail spoiler in 1981!
Your Shows are worthy of bigger things  (Mainstream channels) not just your YouTube channel. excellent content as usual, keep up the great work 'The Late Brake Show'
Now if it was the people carrier Galaxy with that set up I'd need some lube.
I have no interest in mechanics, no interest in old Ford's, no inclination to ever do any D.I.Y to a car. God this was brilliant...
Hi, Johnny. I found a couple of cars in a bush outside a barn on a byway near me. I made a video of it. https://youtu.be/V7-B3lAE7_c As you will see in the video there was some police warning tape and signs that it was private property. So I tried to video it from the side of the byway. The neighbor came out and aggressively saw me off. The history behind it is there is an abandoned house behind, the owners died with no inheritance so the whole plot of land is frozen in time.
Fantastic episode who doesn’t love a barn find and an 80s Ford too wonderful fun
After 36 years of driving and experiencing over 150 vehicles, the Sierra 4x4 remains one of my favourite drives; I had access to one regularly between 1989 and 1991.
I remember my stepdad was a mechanic who taught me everything I needed to know about cars of that time hence why I only drive cars from the 90's or earlier but anyway I was 16 and loved cosworths and he has a sapphire in dolphin grey he sold me for £200 which I paid for £10 per week with my mechanic apprentice wage of £50 per week lol it had a 1.8 cvh in it so one sunny Sunday we took a 2.0 pinto from a mk 5 cortina and swapped it straight in all within a day and my god was that a fun car🤗 I miss those days of simple engineering hence why I gave it up to be a tree surgeon and forester.  F602EAV was the reg I think
Had 2 in my early days and have forgot the workings of them, mind you mine was only 1600 and 2.0 so cant really give tips on working them, great to see it pulled out in to the light and poss on the road soon 👍🙂
Cool car
The Sierra had an impact sensor in the spare wheel well that acted as a fuel pump cut out during an accident. Removing the spare wheel could knock against the sensor bracket causing the sensor to go open circuit. It might be worth checking it.
The owner said it was Ghia spec but it wasn't, this was a special edition towards the end of the Sierra's life and the GLS spec was sub-Ghia, almost certain it has keep fit windows in the back and came with plastic wheel trims as standard. Still a great car though with the Cologne V6 and a great trip down memory lane. Most GLS 4x4s were red, never seen one in this colour. Bet it will clean up lovely.
Originally supplied by Peoples Ford in Liverpool, 'KB' is a Liverpool issued reg.
I wouldn’t be surprised if picking it up didn’t knock of the fuel cut off switch in the boot, I used to have tape wrapped around mine
I'm so glad it isn't a Cosworth or XR, I much prefer these forgotten 'normal' spec cars. One of my favourite videos this one Jonny 👌🥰
I have 2 Scorpio 4x4. 1 1986 2.8 and 1 1987 2.9. Nor good conditions. but i have saved them from death. i will have the latest one on the road this year.
"Rare and Nobody Cares"? Someone has been watching ColdWarMotors! Love when my favorite channels are fans of each other. Not that I think Jonny can't do it on his own, but I am surprised Hagerty hasn't scooped you up to become the "Barn Find Hunter UK". They have really stepped up their Youtube game, and this channel fits their style perfectly. Great work and thanks for the video's.
Please stop using easy start it's poison. I'd rather you tried to start it properly than fast
I think I need part 2 :)
Really enjoyed watching this
They was good cars they was, loved the wheels
great content yet again, I'd love to see a follow up of these cracking finds back on the road!
It looks like the grill is missing because it has the wrong bonnet on it, the grille is technically there, bit it's a short nose bonnet from a Sapphire so leaves a gap.
I had a Gold 4x4 GLS 2.9 from 94 to 99, great tow car and still appearing on the system, G134ESB. Brings back memories!!
"is that a chicken bath, no you don't bath chickens" had me in stitches. I love the stuff you do, better than anything on TV at the moment , brilliant keep it coming
I had one of these and paid £500 in the late 90's I wish I kept the old cars like 309gtis e30's and Granada's lol
You could team up with Salvage Rebuild UK to get these barn finds running again ;-)
That’s so fixable cool classic
Don't forget that the Sierra was pre emptied by the Probe3 vehicle in 81.
Sounds amazing digging through to find a nice old piece of history. But I’d love to dig through the shit just to get to that history would be great. And the gentleman said Maidstone Kent can’t see as I’m severely visually impaired and tarmac Laurie wonder what that one is?
Only centimeters away from getting crushed, thanks for saving such a rare and not looked over Sierra
Great episode,Jonny . It brought back lots of memories from the '83 2.0 Pinto 5 door hatchback and '90 2.0 DOHC saloon my parents drove for over 20 years. Specially the '83 was an über reliable car that transported our family for 11 years.
I remember G reg era sierras being rot boxes. That looks like it's done well to survive intact 👍
You can't leave it like that!  Don't leave us hanging.  You left it like an old episode of Neighbours.  " did Scott and Charlene get married "  " did Nel Mangel ruin the day? "
What a great find! I always liked those Sierra's!
I hope he gets it cleaned up and back on the road. Great find Jonny!
It's a manual too!!  Loving your work Johnny  :)
Great episode. Also love that you've taken a leaf out of the Furze playbook with the music.
Brilliant video. Hopefully see it running in another episode
Nissan vanette slow, loud but bullet proof
We had a bog 1.6l bright orange sierra. It was full of rust.
Yet again Johnny smashing it out the park,these barn finds are just the best
Barn finds is going from strength to strength. An actual barn and a ‘Fawwd’. Loved it. 👍
Owned 1989 Sapphire Cosworth for 21yrs and they had a crash safety cut off switch under the spare wheel which cut power to the fuel pump could be as simple as that, just push reset doesn't take much to trigger it happened to me after having tyres fitted and dropped back to ground.
Loved it 👍
As a boy I was always more impressed seeing these - it spoke to the owner wanting stealth performance and they loved driving it.  And they were all this colour. All of them.
My first memories of being a passenger in a car was my mums 4 door sierra, similar in colour but not a 2.9 4x4 I think 2.0 gl, keep up the great work.
What a find and for the condition to be as such, wow. If I wass Richard I think I'd ikeep it too.  Had a couple and a Janspeed XR4i back in the day, with full Cossie replica kit, that was a hoot on boost. T5 turbo, nothing under 3600 rpm and by 4k all hell was breaking loose, just another one of those cars we all say "I wished I'd kept that", we'd all prob need a barn each to keep them in though.  Hope there is a follow-up vid, even if it's only "Here it is running and washed"
Yes another barn find, love sierra ❤
Thought it may have been an XR4X4 for a moment but perhaps this is even rarer.
Great find . Brilliant colour . Always liked this spec as a lad .
I had an XR4x4 2.8i an later a GLS 4x4 2.9i ex old bill motor so debadged an looked plain. If I had them sitting outside now, could almost swap them for a new work van.
This definitely needs a part 2: Sierra uprising
' Man and machine in perfect harmony'  Sierra commercial strapline
I love the video. I’m a sucker for a Sierra.  We had a 2.9i Ghia.  The 4x4 is a dream.  My friends call me stupid as I almost prefer the Sierra 2.9i before my BMW M5 E39 🤣
Another brilliant video! As for the Sierra......this turns me on more than the Espada from several months ago!
That was a joy to watch ….Thanks
I had the granny 2.9 auto, bloody thing drank more than me 😂🤣👍🇬🇧
Sunday's were made for TLBS Barn Finds. Top stuff as always, Jonny!
The ‘banter’ as you two chaps pull that car out is superb!! 😆❤️
I thought G reg was 1990. 1989 I was driving my XR3i Cariolet
Good God I love a barn find
It was the first car I bought when I came back from Saudi in 1986 wi loadsamoney 😎
That Immobiliser is called an “AutoJack”, if fitted correctly it could immobilise two circuits which were usually starter and ignition or fuel pump. Chances are that it’s working as it should but if I remember rightly they didn’t like low batteries. The actual fob/jack plug has not got any batteries so no need to worry about that.
Nice car never seen a GLS 4x4 only seen the XR4X4 must be a rear car now 👌👍👏
Interesting video. I had 3 Sierras, a 1984 Ghia I bought for £300 in 1998, a 1988 1.6LX and a 1993 Azura Sapphire. Great cars and always thought they looked really good too.
Had a XR 4x4 can still remember the reg …F819ORX The best car to drive ever …..apart from the 20 miles to the gallon ….😆
What a fabulous find! Saving old cars is just the best thing! Would love an update on the Sierra
I've got a 1.8LX coming up for sale 82k miles on the clock 3 owners from new
Had loads of 4x4 Sierras over the years, they were pretty useful motors when they were cheap. Thought I might get back into one a few weeks back and was bloody amazed at current prices.
The fuel pump doesn't run until the engine starts, the fuel pump will pressurize the system when the key is switched on then waits, It is for safety so there is not a situation of an accident and ege engine has stopped but the pump continuously pumps out petrol; Making a fire hazard ,,, the cps tells the ecu if the engine it running if if is it then energises the fuel pump relay otherwise no rumpy pumpy!
Peoples Ford from Bootle, Liverpool. Now I've commented, partway through the video, Jonny will find the documents in the glovebox.
Mine had a switch in the spair wheel well that would trip the fuel pump off in an accident. Maybe it had a knock in the barn at some point? . Another cool video. Well done.
To think if the tyres hadn’t of deflated over time the car would have been ruined. As it is, it looks pretty amazing condition for just standing there. Great video hopefully a follow up video when it’s all cleaned and repaired.
Yippee, a car that is going to be saved.. Unlike the Rich Wankers that have a shed full of rust buckets they will never restore.. and respect.. the look at me  and how many cars I own Wankers...
Jonny you should take a gravity-fed temporary fuel tank with you for doing these sorts of rescues. Removes and issues with bad fuel pumps, old fuel, contaminates, etc.  ...Just looked it up and mine is a Sealey MS029. Cheap as chips and works great.  ---  Great video. Getting it running would have been the icing on the cake. Any plans to do follow up videos on previous barn finds? ("where are they now" type stuff)
I use to own a Serra cosworth and one day while removing the spare wheel out the boot I hit the fuel pump stop button ? After 30 mins of scratching my head on why it no longer start I went back to the boot area to find the button to turn the fuel pump back on again 👍👍
Jesus so many memories came flooding back I had the 2.3 ghia many many moons ago loved it beautiful car I remember the little computer kind of thing on the dash showed if a door was open or lights were on very futuristic gadget 😂 loved that car
Fuelpump. Wasn't there a safety breaker in the spare wheel well that liked to go of on Sierras?
Jonny, if I remember correctly these had a fuel pump cut off  incase of collision, if you towed it , that would also  trigger it. As you've lifted the front it may have cut if off ! Great video once again 👏
Absolutely brilliant.  My dad used to hire a sierra every year from Swan National, and we would all travel down to Cornwall for two weeks.  It was luxury and we felt great. Good   times. Thanks for another great barn  find 👍
I hope it will be saved!
What a find. I hope he does keep it and gets it going!
my mate at school 'his dad bought one when I was 15 'I was seriously impressed with the test drive!
Awesome bard find. Good old Ford
Found one one of those pushed over a cliff on a beach in New Zealand few years ago. Locals apparently liked dumping all their surplus old vehicles at this location. Other vehicles I had seen their were a Cortina wagon, S1 Mazda rx7, Vauxhall Chevette, even a horse float. Being exposed to the tides it was amazing how quick they vanished. The Sierra actually appeared pretty decent prior to it last trip.
Thoroughly enjoyed it
Made me lovingly remember my two Sierra's (A reg 1.6 and a D reg 1.8 Ghia).... Would love to have one again :)
Magnificent 👍
I used to live as a child in mid wales, a local farm was scattered with cars, lorries and buses, when something broke down, it was abandoned where it sat, the valley was covered in 30+ vehicles. Would love to go back and see if any remain.
Well done for getting the Sierra undamaged out of that collapsing storage unit ..  it would be nice to see the Sierra up and running eventually and cleaned up to its former glory.  I hope there’s a Part 2 to this barn find
Brilliant video!
Grille isn't missing - it's got a Sapphire bonnet. Random.
Would love to see a full detail. You guys didnt mention that the flat tires are what actually kept it from getting hit lol fully inflated the roof would have been touched.
My dad bought a Sierra 2.9 GLS 4x4 in met light blue off a guy who used to use it to tow his boat from Kent to swanage! The gearbox suddenly started to crunch in 3rd gear so my dad paid £250 for this Sierra all thinking the gearbox had given up😖 but it was just a plastic collar on the selector which he swapped for a brass one..........he had that car for 7 years for £250+90p for collar😊
Thanks Johnny! You just brought back my childhood and years spent in my dad's 2 GLS Sierras! My love for cars started here! We just had the lowly 2.0s but I learned all about steering from the rear in those cars!
That will run no bother with a couple of days tinkering 👍
I know a guy who’s got a very very good condition A reg plate 2.3 Ghia Sierra. You really don’t see many round at all these days.
Well business must be good for him if he can afford to buy and forget a Sierra and a Ford truck! Neither really used? The Sierra looks in great nick, I'd love to see it fully restored and running.
Thanks Jonny, another really great show!
Love these 'barn finds'.
What a lovely find - It would we great to see a follow-up episode having it cleaned up!
your videos are too long zzzzzzzzzzz
My neighbour had the same model, after owning a 2.8 Capri!
the fuelpump inertia switch is in the boot under the spare wheel, easy knocked, but the fuelpump underneath the back will be seized, also the injectors gum up. it fired on easystart, so call it a win! fun fact, you had to wrap an elastic band around the inertia switch before you went ram-raiding....
My parents had one of these when I was a kid, was my favourite family car growing up. Would love to see a detailing vid or restoration project of this.
Ahh, the Ford Sierra, I have one too! mine is a 1.6L DBU 771Y in Gold. It's been off the road for a long time but will soon be doing a few miles again. It stands me at £40.
Wow, What a find. There was an Estate near to where I live for a little while, Not sure where its gone but a Honda concerto has appeared in it's place.
I had a Sierra back in the 90s.  Tony Blair used to come and chat with me when I cleaned it.
My Brother had two of these GLS 2.9 4x4s. Very strong cars and decently quick for little money, bit of a Q Car too as everyone thought they were boggo 1.8Ls. Andy McNab's SAS book mentions using armoured Sierra 4x4s, covertly in Northern Ireland. Find one with Kevlar in the doors and that might be why.
My dad had a baby blue searia estate and it got stolen for a bank robbery in the village of Martham in Norfolk I still live here now
would love to see a follow up of this at least lightly restored
Top video, great work. The stills of the Ford catalogue made me smile because I remember reading it over and over!
There is a fuel cut off switch under spare wheel
😲
I remember thinking the picture of the car on the dash with LEDs for open doors was the coolest thing ever as a kid!
It's not for nothing the Sierra was know universally as 'The Jelly Mould'.
Love love love this episode.  So watchable.  So much joy
As a Sierra fanboy, half an hour just flew by watching this. Great work as ever, Jonny!
I owned a red 2,0is, hatch A black Xr4i, hatch  A blue Xr4x4,, hatch and  A black sapphire cosworth 4x4 Variuous L and GL
2nd car i ever had in 2000 was a 1.8 sierra laser which i remember being quite tail happy in the wet.
Absolutely love a gls 4x4. So rare these days . I believe they also came with white plastic wheel trims rather than the pepperpot alloys . Once cleaned up will look good . Hope you do a follow up with it
Would love to see a revisit on this one when it's washed and running!
I think the timing (cam) belt is rubber that should be changed first?
do you really want to start a motor that hasnt run for years  the damage you can do is limitless
I came home from the hospital when I was born in a Sierra so the love and affection I have for these cars is strong. Never owned one but it’s on my bucket list.
Nice work guys! Love it!
Bloody hell! I live in Maidstone!!! loads of farms round here! I'm off on a barn find hunt tmro!  Also, I had an XR4x4 estate - D877TGH!
Excellent, a 4x4 Sierra was always my maybe one day car back in the mid eighties. Glad to see this one being rescued, would be good for you to follow the recommissioning. Thanks Jonny.
Year y2k thirsty run around.  Yup.   Remember these days when these were just meh.  As mad as it sounds.   They were.
I knew it was going to be that colour before I seen it 🤣👌🏻❤️
Need to sort the thumbnail out,she’s not an XR mate
Wow rare Sierra GLS hatch 4X4 great barn find again Jonny👍🏻
Brilliant video Johnny 👍 my grandad just got his G reg sierra 1.8L estate back on the road, luckily it had been garaged all its life so no rust or major problems. Great car and not many around now so I’m glad he’s finally driving it again.
Thanks for bringing us this. Loved Ford when they made sleepers like this, yes you could buy one with the go faster bits advertised but you could still buy the seriously rapid stealth version.
Jonny you got to do a follow-up. You 've let us all just hanging....did it start....what's the plans for the car, .........................
i had two xr4x4 2.8 and a 2.9 loved it to bits wish i still had it, there is a cut out switch in the boot under the spare wheel that cut out if you drop anything too heavy in the boot just needs resetting
I just watched the video and really delighted that my song was used in the video, "The Sierra Song" it fits really well with the story of rescuing this poor Sierra which I am so glad came out fully intact. Jonny, you and your team have a brilliant show and I really look forward to every episode, especially this one as my song is in it. It was a pleasure to work with you, best of luck Jonny. Thanks.  Oliver.
Sunday doesn’t start right without this!  Loved it from start to finish. Thank you for the superb content!
"..I do like a mower.." "..I spy a pepper pot...they were optional..." "black leatherette finish....on the rear"  he really is a car pervert, (mowers are his side perv.) My mate's dad had a couple of XR4x4s - I remember the engine being a bit agricultural but very torquey. Had two Sierras myself - great cars. As soon as I saw that interior I was transported back in time.
We had three Sierras growing up. An L, a laser Rio and an LX. All 1.6. We took them everywhere, Spain, Portugal, Yugoslavia, even drove the sapphire into Istanbul once with a trailer on!   They felt like great cars at the time but now looking back they were a bit ropey. Floppy handling, rolled all over the place, constantly misaligned wheels etc.   We didn’t get many high end Sierras in Ireland but on regular trips to England I’d spot an XR4x4 or a decent ghia and be green with envy. You’d only see them in brochures at home cos the car tax would cripple a mere mortal.   Great to see one getting back on the road.
its got a sapphire bonnet that's why it looks odd
I had a radiant red 2.0 gls back in the day, put 17” momos on mine.
You can’t leave us hanging…. We need a follow up video with the engine running!
Omg fantastic find and fantastic car my mates got a red one
Also if '89G it wasn't long until the big Jan 1990 facelift
boot switch
There is a fuel reset button in the boot or the front passenger kick plate.
DO NOT USE EASY START ON ANY ENGINE EVER. It washes the oil off the bores and causes excess wear damage to the engine!!!!!!!
Excellent video thanks Richard 👍🏻
I just love this. Recently got our barn find Caterham 7 running and it was such an exciting experience. Like the Sierra it was in a partially collapsed barn.
This is why I no longer watch TV pure gold 👌🏻
My sapphire came from people's Ford. People's Ford was based in Liverpool. I've still got dealer plates and tax disk holder.
Is that not a Sapphire's bonnet?
Well saved fellas.   Johny should buy it and turbo it 🤪👍🏼
"Made the cortina look like a victorian spinning wheel" lol
KB on the number plate I think suggests Liverpool which adds up as there are People's Fords still there in Speke & Bootle
Great episode
I remember working on these as a lad at a main dealer bodyshop..👍🏼
Is that a Granada front grille??
I think everyone in the comments would love to be there helping you both. This is like catnip for proper petrol heads - like therapy watching it! Thanks for some more great content!
Looks great that Sierra - I hope it can be fully resurrected!
May be the cut off switch in spare wheel well as the spare is out , so might of had something dropped on it ,,,,had a few 4x4s back in the day  👍👍👍👍👍
Lovely stuff! 👌🏽 A borescope might save you from a world of hurt for future barn finds!
That needs to get back on the roads !
Fantastic episode Jonny and Co, that is one beatifully preserved example and it makes me excited to think of what else may be lying out there, as my heart is yearning for an Isuzu Piazza or Subaru XT Turbo, who knows what could be hidden in the barns of Britain...
I remember fawning over a white G-reg 2.9i GLS 4x4 on sale at a Toyota dealer in Dover in summer 1993. I really liked the fact the the car was a 'secret' XR4x4 and could quite easily be mistaken for an LX at first glance, especially as it had steel wheels and Halfords wheel covers :)
Those wheel trims in the vanette are from a 70's Toyota crown.
Peoples Ford is a Glasgow based dealership
10:00 ahhh the good old workshop urinal on the bench on the right...I refuse to believe it's old petrol 😂😂😂 Peace Charlie 🇬🇧
Absolutely gorgeous 😍😍😍👌🏻
Omg gold content. Get the Sierra sorted, get the Cargo sorted, put car on truck, sorted 1980s setup.
nice motor prob go wiht. anew fuel pump but will deffo need the airflow meters cvonnected depening which ones that are on there sometimesd the pump wont fire till the vanes move on th eairflow meters
Ever since I used to get a lift to play our football matches I've loved the Sierra
Barn finds FTW 🏆
Jonny I absolutely live for these barn finds (as well as Smith & Sniff!). Reminds me of being wee and digging through our local scrap heap for cool finds! Keep up the great work! 👍🏻
fuel cut off switch in the wheel well in case off bump
You always find the strangest but most fitting background music
So strange to me that someone can be interested enough in cars to know who Johnny Smith is yet not dig out the classic cars on their own property. Wild.
Great video, Richard is a great sport
The Vanette is indeed RBNC, more so if it was a LDV Cub.
Looks like it has a short nose bonnet which is odd for a hatch.,
About 10 years ago a mate said ''there's a Sierra for sale £1000'' lets go i said. We drove 30 mile and it wasn't £1000 it was £10000. My mate was in disbelief and wanted the Audi next it for the same money.  Today the Audi is worth maybe £1000 and 70 to 80000 for the Sierra. Wish id put my hand in my pocket lol.
I know a guy near me who has had a mint XR4i from new. Still daily drives it
Excellent video Johnny gutted you did not get it started but I bet it would not take much to get it going
Man I wish I had a barn. 20 years ago I had a Mk2 Golf GTi with issues that I had to let go for buttons because I couldn’t afford the time, money or space to sort it at the time. If I had a barn………..
What a fantastic Sunday afternoon treat. I think its Beer O'clock ?
Too many idiots that don't care & leave things to rot rather than sell. Glad this was saved.
Doesn't look too had at all for an G plate Sierra. It's had a biff on the front end at some point though - it's got a Sapphire bonnet fitted.
Loved my Ford Sierra's had a 84 and a 89 not much Ford made afterwards really appealled in the same way, Superb Content Johnny 💪 B28 CRP G782GRP .
Lying in bed ,wrecked with Covid ,waiting for 5 o clock for this to start,brilliant as usual.
Barn finds - my favourite auto content. Esp after the grime is removed. AMMONYC is spellbinding.
Its the one car I owned that I loathe. Always said if I won lots of money I’d spend some on buying and crushing Sierras ;-)
Nice Faaawd but mates 1985 XR8 is the Sierra I covet.
You just never know what's hidden away.  Excellent.  👍👍👍
I remember in 1993 I saw a Ford Sierra Sapphire in bright red, I was 10 years old and it was one of the nicest cars I'd seen, I showed it to my dad as it was in front of a dealership in front of my uncles house, we went over the road to look at it and my dad actually brought the car, I'm 2 month away from 40 and still remember the day like yesterday F944 SJH. Turned out it was a 1.8 LX but the red and black trim around the doors just looked awesome to the 10 year old me, my uncle had a 1.6 glx in burgandy, but for me the bright red LX just looked so much cooler.
I am not a follower of the Blue Oval, but I love these Sierras, they are just so nice
I want it...
Love these vids Jonny, just brilliant. There must be loads out there for you to dig out.
Really enjoyed this, thank you! My dad had several XR4’s back in the day, and my mum ran a black GLS 4x4 just like this for a few weeks; I remember having her chase a 964 so we could see if the spoiler went down! Grandad had an F plate Ghia 4x4 estate too, but a late 2.8i, so lots of nostalgia here. Being driven at 120mph down the M180 with 2 adults & 4 kids onboard somehow seemed much more acceptable in the early ‘90’s! I bought a J plate XR4x4 from an auction in around 2000, felt waaay quicker than my RS2000 4x4, and much more rear driven. Much more thirsty too! The grill issue with this car is down to having a Sapphire bonnet, which was shorter, and isn’t compatible with the Sierra trim from beneath the headlights. Swap the bonnet, OR swap the under headlamp trim & add a sapphire grill.
I'm a bit jealous ... we only got these in North America in RWD, the 2 doors with a turbo/EFI 2.3L as the "Merkur XR4ti" from 1985-1989.  We also got the 4 door from 87-89 as a "Merkur Scorpio" with the 2.9L EFI only.  The manual was a very rare sight in the Scorpio, most were automatics.  Here in Canada we got auto boxes in the Scorpios only, and either type in the XR4ti.  They were sold at Lincoln-Mercury dealers rather than Ford, and apparently "Merkur" was a German translation of Mercury.  Of course most of the salespeople at the L-M stores who were used to selling big plush boxy Lincoln Town Cars had no idea what the heck to do with these sporty aero look cars.
My old 1991 2.0i Ghia estate had the headlight washers/wipers (until someone knocked it off in a car park).
So ahead of it’s time. The Sierra name and design language is ripe for being revived.   A mid-range/luxury EV hatch-saloon from Ford = trouser tenting.
Made me wish for a part to with the engine running.
I can still remember the first time i saw a Sierra in the flesh. It looked so different to anything else that was around at the time, so rounded against the squared off cars on offer. The next time i was surprised by seeing one was last year when a moss covered, mouldy one appeared on my road. It was a K reg L and disappeared as quickly as it appeared. We definitely need follow up videos on the barn finds!
In the days this Sierra was made, I used to love riding around to the nearest Quicks Ford garage (in Ashton-u-Lyne) to collect all the brochures. I used to wrap all my school exercise books in the best pages. I love the smell of those brochures.
Sierra Song...! Excellent 😁👍
Can't beat a Sierra 😎👍
Second. What a place though. There be treasures in that there place
Yes 1st like ... boom
