Would be nice to address the misconception that decaf means no caffeine.  Here in Canada, I believe decaf can contain up to 50% normal ratios, which for some people is a huge difference. The regulations seem very lax.
A good thing to keep in mind as a podcaster... It's not what you say, but ultimately how you say it and how it comes across to your listener. Also, it was disappointing to see that he didn't discuss the Mountain Water Process for decaffeination. Vastly superior to Swiss Water Process, but you can't expect James to be up on the entire coffee world, he is newish to the coffee world and still learning! I don't chalk up the mistakes in his videos as "wrong" as much as I do the inexperience and not really being aware of the data and information that is out there. When this video first came out I had messages from people asking how he could "say that" or "not mention that" or blah, blah, blah. He's doing the best he can with a limited background and being fairly new to the coffee world. And... we learn from our mistakes.
Came back here exactly because I always seem to have to grind my decaf significantly finer than my normal beans.  Lovely to see this experience acknowledged.  I don't think it's obviously related to the roast... but as the roast clearly interacts with the bean damage, it's beyond my ability to say.   I think this is perhaps also more obvious to a person using a manual pressure espresso machine.  You really feel the difference, not just see it.  Really interested to see if James did follow up in more detail...
I'm not sure the apology for "polyphenol" is needed. The definition of a polyphenol is having more than one (free) phenol group - and caffeic acid has two. This is  one of the components of the prototypic chlorogenic acid (see Wikipedia). Some other chlorogenic acids may have only one free phenol, but perhaps someone with firsthand knowledge could speak to the composition fraction of the chlorogenic acids in coffee. Anyway, the original video was very informative: I didn't know the definition of "99.7% caffeine free".
I want more decaf content, dial in video! and bean brands you like for espresso!
Really curious to learn more about making good decaf – and also hyped to see the factory decaf processes …
What I’d like to learn is how to filter brew a good STRONG cup of decaf. Maximum extraction of all just the best flavors.
I appreciate all your information.  I drink decaf coffee all the time and I am always seaching for a perfect cup.  I am curious as to what kind of coffee maker that you use.
Damn, more content getting hits via apology is extra genius.
You tried making a positive video about decaf and now here you are doing damage control. There is a lesson here.
👍
Can you do a video dialing in a few different decaf coffees for espresso? Could maybe also highlight some drinks that go well with decaf like affogato or espresso martini! maybe a live stream?
I just throw decaf in my espresso machine or French press and it seems good to me.
I have done things to add here. It's not just the dose that makes the poison its the build up over time, newer realisations coming out. And coffee in general is bad on the kidneys, it's a demineraliser which will create deficiencies overtime
Actually science is based upon experiment, examine results and methods, report results and learn what mistakes were made and improve the next time around. So this is fine--we are learning plenty here.
Awesome and humble and refreshing video!!!!
This is why I watch. I can trust your opinion rethink my opinions based on your information. As you are always willing to accept and advertise corrections using your larger pool of contacts. Science is about trying things and learning from our mistakes. Keep up the great work.
So glad to see that ego is not greater as science - that's how you role!
They look like polyphenols to me - can you link the paper please?
I'd argue that you did state, or at least imply, that the decaf process damages the coffee.  You explained that the steaming process to open them up, changes the structure of the beans irreversibly.
:39 sec... "damaging" to the coffee bean?  I think you mean it simply "changes" it.  "Roasting" changes it.  "Grinding" changes it.    "perking' it changes it.  The Espresso process changes it.  All aspects of the "process" to create a beverage... is simply the process.  IF you want to call the decaf process a process that "Damages" it, you've bought into the snobs out there who want to say it's not real coffee.  Making beer, wine, orange juice, etc. have variations in their processes to make a beverage enjoyable.  Simply acknowledge that there is a process to make decaf... and it alters the bean ... that 'changes the flavor slightly, (maybe even for the better!) and also removes the caffeine.  Great post BTW.
WHICH of the three decaf processes you mentioned produce the MOST COFFEE LIKE experience?
Can't wait for the video on decaf espresso... Really enjoy a decaf latte after dinner!
As the late and great Paul Harrell said "A true expert will often say thing like 'I didn't know that'". James acknowledges there were thing he didn't know or was mistaken about, but more importantly, he sought to remedy the situation by listening and seeking more knowledge. A true expert in my book.
I really hope that factory tour is still happening. I love that I have the option for a decaff at 10pm too. If You can please make it happen.
This is why I trust and love this channel - I love your dedication to helping us understand coffee but you do it in such a fun and accessible way.
Don't worry about your 'mistake' calling chlorogenic acid a polyphenol. The term is not particularly well defined. The more popular (and more logical) definition is that of a structure with more that one hydroxyphenyl group. However, structures with at least two hydroxy groups on a phenyl group (such as chlorogenic acid) are also commonly referred to as polyphenols. Gallic acid is another example of such a polyphenol. So no mistake on your part, and hence why chlorogenic acid is referred to as a polyphenol in research papers
eager to the the industrial opening their doors to show you the real deal .... sarcastic comment
It was very much implied that the coffee bean was not the same after being raped chemically. (I like decaf and I was actually surprised it tastes as good as it does after watching that video 😂)
please share where you buy your decaf in the UK and which your favourite is.... please!!!
Really looking forward to the decaf tours!
I love decaf, conceptually--"a hot drink you can enjoy anytime that tastes like coffee!!!" In practice, many taste bad, etc... So, thanks for elevating the attention, respect, and scholarship on Decaf Coffee! Decaf-Enjoyer Hopefuls; There are Dozens of us! :D
Please do a brew/tasting video
Decaf is the way to go!
I wonder if the salt soaking really works
The key difference I’ve encountered is a slower drip through my Chemex so I’ve used the chopstick trick. Velo coffee here in Chattanooga has great decaf!
You are a real and true gentleman. That said, I want to watch more about decaf. :)
Oh yeah can't wait for factory tours.🏭🍵
Im a very casual coffee fan who found your channel trying to find a solid Aeropress technique. I love your “daily driver,” and videos like this have drawn me in to learning more about the whole world of coffee. I really appreciate the care and craft that you bring not just to coffee, but your videos and the whole ethos of the channel
I love your comfy shirts, where do you buy them?
Im rocking half caf now, I buy a Swiss water method decaf, and a medium roast. I put the beans in a container and shake them up, my coffee tastes pretty good but I’m consuming way less caffeine
Chlorogenic acid is absolutely a polyphenol. It is also a phenolic acid. These terms are not mutually exclusive. As an analogy, that's like saying a square is not a rectangle. Phenolic acid is the narrower (more "accurate") of the two terms, but both can be used.
I was drinking so much caffeinated coffee that I was seeing stars in front of my eyes and was getting random shooting back pains that doctors couldn’t figure out (turned out to be adrenal glands being over stimulated by caffeine) so I had to switch to decaf.  I’ve now been drinking decaf for around ten years and to me it’s no different and my coffee habit is just as satisfying.  Recently I’ve been trying caffeinated coffee first thing before a bike ride and so far so good!
What are your tips for brewing decaf well? What kind of grind size to go for on light/dark roasts
I would love a video about being decaf at home. Different techniques ands what to think admit to get it as good as possible. After seeing the decaf video yesterday I immediately ordered some decaffeinated beans from a place that I trust, and I’m looking forward to experimenting with it.
thanks, but i’m still not clear on how brewing decaf is to be done differently…. other than just “dialing it in”….whatever that means?
I enjoyed both videos, Just switched to Swiss water processed decaf ground espresso coffee as part of my health change protocol in recent months and feeling better for it - looking forward to the tours as mentioned (ps: here, some people say "coffee snob"  👎                                       I prefer "Coffee Connoisseur" ☕🤎 which is something more than taste -  it's on your life passions list♥🍵
Yes, grinding decaf for espresso much finer. Still looking for a brand I love. Best so far for me is Humboldt Bay decaf French roast. I like dark roast and usually use an aeropress. We use espresso machine on weekends..
<3
Looking forward to a deeper dive into decaf. In the meantime you are inspiring me to up my espresso game.
Looking forward to seeing the different decaf processes. As someone who also just loves the taste of coffee but is super sensitive to caffeine, I'm still on the lookout for a decaf that tastes just as good as regular. The freezing tip is definitely something I'll take onboard too :)
Thank you for the added information. I'm looking forward to the decaf processing tours
So I'm assuming decaf has all the same heath benefits as regular caffein still ?
This is great. Was struggling to brew any decaf. Pours super fast but even ground fine it’s really not great. Would love a how to brew decaf espresso well video
Nice one James.  I love coffee but recently I've seemingly become more caffeine sensitive and drinking caffeinated triggers my anxiety to the point it wakes me up in the night. So now, I'm purely decaf rather than 90/10.  I am looking forward to the project as I for one really like the decaf beans I get (swiss water) theyre smoother and richer than some caffeinated beans ive got! We need more choice! ❤
this is what makes your channel ine of a kind
Great channel! After watching your decaf video, I immediately ran out to my local roaster and purchased a pack of decaf.   I’m a total newbie and am just using an Aeropress to brew at-home mochas and lattes. It’s been the tastiest cups I’ve made thus far.   I really enjoy getting all the details and nuances you speak about. I work as an eye doctor and so fussing over details is very important to me. Well done, and I’m looking forward to more info.   I would love to see a video about your suggested methods for making a mocha or latte with the Aeropress.
0:37 Perhaps the turn of phrase you are looking for is that it "alters the characteristics of the coffee bean" instead.  I would not describe decaf is damaged.
I drink coffee because I like the taste .. but, I’m sensitive to caffeine so, I drink mainly decaf after (around) 1pm .. thank you for an interesting video (I watched this one and the original one posted) .. i do order my coffee online  …. since most of the decaf coffee I drink uses the Swiss Water Process I’m  looking forward to a video about that process …..0h, and thanks for reading!
Through both videos, I do not believe you explained how and why to adjust recipes to make great espresso and coffee with decaf beans. I think I'm not the only one who'd love to see such a video.
I'm a small craft roaster and it took me about 5 years to learn to roast decaf that I enjoy drinking and I'm seeing improved sales for my efforts.  I brew it with a Hario V-60.  I have to grind it much coarser to avoid excessive brew times.  The older I get, the more decaf I drink.
very pleased by this video specifically. too few corrections in this world.
❤
I stopped drinking coffee because it gave me heart burn. I found that decaf coffee had a lower acidity to it and started drinking that instead. Do you have any good coffee recommendations with low acidity for heartburn and gut sensitive people?
James your a coffee hero. Spent a few days catching up on the science of coffee brewing. I know its cheeky but could you please do a decaf aeropress video? For the more budget home brewer, especially considering the beans are damaged in the process and effectively different to normal caffeinated coffee beans.  Keep up the great work. To you and the team I salute you.
I must say, I've been doing some testing by myself on my ikea moka pot and pour over thing. Trying out different types of pre ground coffee types, brew time, heat etc.  And I must say decaf tastes the same, just less acidic. Which is good if your coffee isn't great. But you do taste it if the coffee, even if it's store bought beans, is grounded "fresh" the coffee does tend to taste better.
This videos is still missing from the decaf-playlist.
Huh.  I thought you were really explicitly clear that the process was damaging.  (Or maybe you made another decaf video after this one with this feedback incorporated and that's the video I saw--not sure)
I would like you to explore the naturally low caffeine coffee varities again. How can we obtain seeds for these varities? I would totally work on breeding these if possible. Why did these go no where?
I just watch the other video.... and  it is completely heartbreaking. I was totally scammed by the '99.9% caffeine free'. That feels like saying a product is 99.9% cost free,. 'We give you free cake and only charge for the muffin casing.' Except in that analogy there is no room to end up consuming a substance you're not able to have.... when it comes to decaf most people just want to be more chill but for some of us it's a serious health thing.  I don't even eat chocolate anymore. Down to 4mg is just not the same as what 99.9% caffeine free suggests. That has me thinking 'trace amounts'. If the overall 'cost' or caffeine is the same how you splice the ratio of the overall drink is redundant to the point of misleading.  I came across the video because I thought I had finally found a good swiss water decaf and after drinking it for several months at a cafe was going to start making it at home again.... Thank god and thank you for this video. I thought it was anxiety to think the decaf was why my recovery had slowed
Are the 3 decaf methods equally damaging to the bean?
Useful corrections! I expected espresso brewing settings to be slightly more similar to normal beans than it was
Thank you, James, your videos are so helpful.
Looking forward to see how coffee is decafinated in factories!
Seria interesante tener subtítulos en castellano, gracias.
I dont buy the hype coffee is coffee
Would like to know some forums where people share decaf roasters that are good.  Maybe even a video tasting various decafs.  I have never had a good decaf, was recently served instant decaf at moderately expensive restaurant and would be happy to buy small quantities online and freeze them in vacuum
Decaf is instant coffee that has been hidden in spent coffee beans. Just buy instant decaf. It’s fine!
Cool
what about organic decaf ?
I don´t tolerate caffeine so after some investigation I found the best process is CO2 Decaf, after searching a lot I found in my neighbor the brand Lavazza decaffeinated that has the CO2 process and I´m very happy with this brand.  Here in Mexico in the coffee bars the decaf coffee I find has some kind of chemicals and I don´t tolerate them well in my stomach or because of the caffeine levels. If you don´t tolerate bad quality decaf like me I recommend everyone to try the Lavazza decaf or if you know another brand that uses the CO2 decaf process I will be glad to know, the decaf with Swiss Water Process is not for me.
Yessss to exploring decaf more. I’m definitely in the group of drinking coffee for the taste as well and not just for caffeine
I’m not really into decaf, but I’ve found the process of how it’s made immensely interesting to learn about while watching your prior video. Who would’ve thought it’s the future decaf processing tours that I’m most excited about.
Decaf is an abomination. Literally everything about it is wrong.
I would love to have a segment in the future on half-caf. I have unusual heartbeats (but not harmful - I checked with my cardiologist) when I drink fully caffeinated coffee, but don't have the problem if I have a few half-caf coffees spread out over time. It seems to work fine but would love any tips you are anyone else have.
So it’s not good for polyphenols (which have gut health benefits) but phenolic acids. Are those still advantageous for gut health?  Thanks for the update. Really appreciate your sharing of expertise.
Do you recommended recipes for various methods change in any systematic way with the introduction of decaf beans?  Do you need more or less beans?  Does the grind size need to vary to achieve similar taste levels?  Here for the science.
Too much apologizing. The details are loved in some videos, other times keep it simple. You decide. or do both. Sounds like industry folks were up in arms. Not normies like me.
Decaf roast profile does not follow the same path as non-decaf. The color and aromas of the beans during the roast can be horrendous and not in line with non. The color of the bean for what temp is very different. Saying that. The speed of a shot or brew based on roast level does speed up with more roast. If that decaf is more or less than your usual coffee then of course it will go slower or faster. To color of the bean vs temp it reached during the roast needs further analysis. Or just brew it till it tastes good. or less bad. Some decaf even crafty stuff is garbage.
James Hoffman is so great!
Man, I absolutely can't wait to see the decaf tours. It's something I've long been interested in. I'd honestly love to see James go further into coffee processing in general by going to the farms, coops, etc.
So are there no polyphenols in Decaf?
I would also add that I like the flavour of coffee so much that I drink decaf after midday, so this video is very encouraging.
Since I acquired a Nespresso VertuoPlus machine rather unexpectedly, I have become obsessed with finding out about it and coffee in general, having been a keen but somewhat uneducated coffee drinker all my life. I did know what I liked which is Colombian coffee and the filtered variety. I certainly haven’t been getting the best out of my coffee so finding your channel has been brilliant and helpful. I have been an occasional manual coffee grinder in the past but found it too time consuming back in the day. So far I like the coffee but intrigued to hear you argue that it’s the ‘microwave’ version of coffee. I think I can improve my filtered coffee now though.
Was really hoping you would pull out a ukulele for this
The decaf video will forever have a special place in my heart because it was the one that started me on my coffee journey. ❤ (Thanks to YT realising that I would be totally into coffee even though I never watch anything related to food or drink 😂).
So impressed with your attitude to the truth, as well as correcting yourselves! I wish every channel were as honest as you guys! Well done! keep up the amazing work, really looking forward to the factory tour decaf videos!! Subscribed and liked! 👍
I understand that the beans used for decaf, aren’t even close to the best.
As an erstwhile tea nerd who turned to coffee nerdship years ago but who also got to the point that I am better off without the harsh caffeine high of coffee and thus turned back to tea... I do still drink the occasional decaf and wish I could make better coffee with it. All this to say: I love the decaf content and hopefully look forward to more! In fact, a deep dive on caffeine wouldn't maybe be a bad subject for this channel, especially since there are more and more coffee products out there which, in varying ways, employ l-theanine and other techniques and substances in an attempt to smooth out that harsh caffeine ride and make it more similar to the gentle ride that tea gives us.
I had hoped to see more recommendations of decaf on the other video, maybe they're buried in the thousands of comments.
Can we neutralize caffeine more selectively after brewing? 🤔
This is why we trust you---you care about accuracy and truth.
Very humble! Well done.
I get great (home-roasted) decaf. It's pretty much as good as my (also home-roasted) caf. Maybe I just happen to have sourced particularly good green decaf.... But it does whoosh through a bit and I do have to grind it finer to get a good extraction.
Thanks for popularising decaf! After your previous video I started tasting all London coffee roasters decaf options and only yesterday I found out one truely tasty for me to brew as v60. It is Notes El Paseo Decaf, Colombia anaerobic. People, please share tasty decaf coffee in comments and specify how you brew it
Super excited for deep breakdowns of the different decaffeinaton methods!
I appreciate all your highly informative, honest and discursive videos, however you infer that people who drink decaf are the only coffee drinkers consuming it for taste alone. This is an oversight, as it assumes that all of us who drink coffee are doing so at least in part for the physiological effects of caffeine. A minority of coffee consumers drink coffee (not decaf coffee) purely for the flavour, simply because we are (genetically) insensitive to caffeine. I can drink light roasts late at night, feel nothing except an enjoyment of the taste, and then sleep soundly. Please remember that my congeners and I exist 😊. Still, the chemistry and process of decaf production and brewing are very interesting - thank you!
I'd love to see a proper blind comparison between the different decaf processes, and comparing them to the same beans, same roast, just skipping the decaf. Think it would be super interesting to see the different effects of each process between each other and what they take away in terms of flavour or character. Might be difficult to do but I and many of your viewers would surely be interested in the results
Looking forward to the factory process videos 🎉
God I love this channel! Technical, in depth, informative but still fun. And able to correct mistakes (which we all do). Please keep up the excellent work!
Have you managed to get a Weber BIRD yet? I’d love to see a review.
methyline chloride used in the decaf process is bad.
decaf and alcohol free beer will never pass these lips
Where did you get that light from in the background of the video?
I think that an important distinction is that just because the process of decaffeinating coffee is "destructive" to the chemistry of the beans, doesn't mean it has to be "bad." Roasting coffee beans is a "destructive" process. You are changing the chemical structure of the coffee bean in a way that is irreversible. This does not mean that unroasted coffee which hasn't gone through any "destructive" processes is a better experience for you, even brewing the coffee (extracting the flavor), is destructive. This is also true for simply cooking food. Cooking a scrambled egg is destructive, but I'd argue that a scrambled egg is a superior breakfast food than a whole raw egg.  A "Destructive" process (in Chemistry), by definition, is a procedure that changes the composition of something in a way that is (non-trivially) irreversible.  The process of decaffeinating may yield a subjectively "worse" taste than not doing it, however, it has nothing to do with being "destructive" or not, these are just buzzwords. It is possible that in the future, someone will invent a method of decaffeination that will actually yield a subjectively better end product than the regular coffee beans, in the same way that we've improved regular coffee in recent years through many new discoveries and inventions.
I got a Cafelat Robot and Niche Zero about six months ago as my first espresso setup.  My experience with that setup has been that it isn't any harder to make decaf than normal coffee.
Hey James, could you share what brazilian brand for the decaf did you use on the Zoe podcast?
To commit a mistake in the channel like this is a sign of its strenght! Well done, do the great job, make mistakes and let us know where they happened! Good luck!
I'm a home roaster, and what little experience I have in roasting decaf is that there's not much variety to choose from (in the UK), and it's hard to roast. The bean is darker than normal so you're flying blind leading up to first crack, and even after that you're judging by temperature rather than colour on when to drop. Also the skin that the roasting process turns into chaff is absent. That's not really an issue, but it's odd. I use experience of non-decaff bean profiles on decaff, but I don't know if that's optimal.  It's essentially the lack of variety and quality in decaff green beans that turns me off. Decaff is an additional process on the bean so it adds cost, so IMO growers and producers will have to be convinced there's market for decaf, because quality beans that score high on the SCA scale have a ready market without additional processing. That's the challenge.
Everyone has already praised you for your integrity in correcting misinformation - so well done.  I would very much appreciate if you could find out what is the best decaf coffee beans out there and where we, everyone consumer, can buy them from so we can do as you suggested, portion the beans and freeze them.  I have not had a cup of coffee in the past 7 years simply before I don't have a trusted source to tell me which is the best decaf coffee. Thank you.
👍
I greatly respect the fact that you felt the need to correct you mistakes and hold yourself and your channel to such high standards.
well i have bought my country filter decaf coffees from big brand they are 30% less tasty i think but enought for me  with milk and sweetener, i can still taste the "watery" profile without creamy aftertaste but its ok when i need to sleep.
OK, this just showed up as a link and I didn't even know it would be about coffee- but it held my attention all the way. Terrific, informative, willing to correct and be corrected, willing to explore and explain nuance. Simple, superb content.
💯 the decaf process and roasting both matter. I rarely have good decaf outside of my home, but because I roast my own decaf beans and drink it very fresh, I really can prepare it (espresso) just like I do w my regular coffee. Thank you!
Thank you for your transparency and willingness to admit that you got things wrong- a seemingly rare character quality these days! Also, I still love my decaf!
Looking forward to those decaf factory tour videos
James, have you considered doing research on how environment changes the taste of coffee? For instance last summer I was drinking ice coffee and I noticed drinking it inside tasted better than drinking it outside. Maybe it was just because it was a beautiful, sunny day and that was giving me dopamine, so maybe that made the coffee seem less delicious. Let me know your thought. Thanks
Thank you for the clarity! I'm the decaf drinker of my household and while I didn't think that deeply into the science of it all, I appreciate the clarity and honesty you and your team put out :)   I do have a question though. I watched this video with my husband (the actual coffee lover) and he really likes your sweater! Could I know the brand of your sweater so I can look it up on my own? He was really into it 😂
Would love to see a review about the rocket appartamento TCA :)
we need to see the factory tour!!!
Congrats on 2 mil subs!  That said, get your facts right Hoffmann.
Very mich looking forward to those factory tours!!! That's going to be amazing!!!
I find that, when roasting decaffeinated beans, they heat up much quicker, and their cracking isn’t nearly as aggressive as with caffeinated beans. My decaf is primarily swiss water processed, for reference.   Still delicious, though!
Yay more future decaf content
So James, if chlorogenic acid is not a polyphenol... what is it?
Strange I find espresso decaf much easier to work with at home. It does grind finer but it seems more consistent.
Whew, for a second there, I thought he was going to take back how decaf coffee drinkers are the “…purest of all coffee drinkers.” 😮‍💨
The decaf video actually set me on a journey of trying the decaf at as many cafes as I could. And it turns out that a few in my region do a great job! I can get my favorite coffee flavor at any time of day, and avoid the jitters of a fully-caffeinated cup of coffee. My only complaint with the beans I have found so far have been a lack of the characteristic "bite" that regular coffees have. I'm not sure if it's a missing acid or other chemical, but it is noticeable. I find adding a few beans of full-caf in my grind helps bring back enough of the flavor that I miss it less.
Excellent video.
My regular cafe here in Melbourne Australia just closed down so I went to a new one today.  Ordered my decaf latte and watched as the barista fossicked around in the shelf above the grinder and eventually found the Tupperware container full of pre-ground decaf coffee.  A little part of me just dies whenever I witness that...anyone else with me? And yes the coffee was banal to put it nicely.  Keep up the good work @James Hoffman ... we need a quiet revolution...
Well said James. Very proud of you and for your honesty. Keep on the good work! Well I do have a grinder and an espresso machine at home and switched to decaf 3-years ago since I am Type 2 Diabetic and normal causes frequent urination. Though since I switched to decaf coffee seems the problem is under control. Well thank you for everything.❤
Since watching your video I've now started having Decaf in Bars and Restaurants in the evening, so far I've had it as Floater, Cappuccino and would definitely consider it for affogato. I am an espresso/americano drinker normally but that's not normally the vibe i am wanting for a late evening drink after a meal or cocktails.
SO... about the polyphenols. That's just the wrong term, but doesn't negate that the phenolic acids have them same? similar? gut benefits? Or, no polyphenols, no or less gut benefits? A quick google search seems to tell me that benefits are the same, it's just slopiness with the terms.
Oh I am excited about the manufacturers agreeing to tour their facility! 🤩
Your background. I get choosing it! However it's for some people hard to watch you. The lines are dancing so much.
Thank you for being so thorough and calling yourself out. It raises your credibility.
If James Hoffman wasn’t already at the top of my favourite YouTubers he would be now. There is no one more trustworthy than someone who accepts a mistake and fully embraces the correction and then goes on to explain why. Thank you
I just listened to a podcast you joined on Zoe, I am not a big coffee drinker, but I may change that based on the findings. Glad you are open to adjusting views based on extended learnings - gives you much credibility.   One extra thing I would be interested in is the difference over time if you have a coffee pot, like they do in our office. It maybe something you already looked at so i shall check your back catalogue. If not, future content?
Thanks for this follow up
Thanks for this update! Much appreciated!  After watching your last vid on decaf, I've been trying out different kinds of it, especially in the afternoon and evening. ❤
Eight years ago my hands started to shake due to caffeine from too much coffee. Going “cold turkey” solved that problem. I went on a search for decaf and landed on Lavazza DEK.  It seems to me to be the best coffee flavor for a great value, flexible coffee to use in a pour over, moka, or Pavoni Europicolo.   I believe it is decaffeinated using the CO2 process.  When you do your next show on decaf, I highly recommend investigating DEK.  I don’t think you will be disappointed.
Thanks. It's good to make errors! As long as you learn from them. And as a Swissman I do feel proud so many caffeine addicts have maths and phys degrees over here.
I can't wait for the factory tours, especialy the CO2 one. Great news!
Than you to those factories that agreed to show you/us the process. Looking forward to this💚
Huge respect for your commitment to accuracy.  People make mistakes sometimes, and videos aren't easy to correct in hindsight, so thanks for making the effort to follow it up, and listening to the positive criticism.  Really looking forward to the decaf factory tours!!  😯😃
Correcting your information just makes me appreciate and respect you even more. I’m looking forward to the factory tour.
Great short video with the facts and links. Thanks for being awesome!
I DEFINITELY grind MUCH finer brewing decaf. espresso. Thanks for acknowledging and clarifying.
Sounds like you didn't want to actually come correct with all that you got wrong ("I'm not gonna run through all the little tiny details that we got wrong"). Maybe you need to do that to gain trust back. As somebody who is seen as an authority figure on coffee by his fans, you NEED to do this. Doesn't matter how "tiny" the misinformation was, we don't need it regurgitated for years on end by your fans, because this is what will end up happening. FIX THIS.
Call it Mandela effect if you will but I remember learning from the mentioned video that decaf process actually harms the beans and makes them porous.
Class
YESSSSS FACTORY TOUUURRRR!!!  Also, wouls love to know a good at home process for brewing decaf. Im looking to order a bag of decaf from stumptown but wanted to make sure i got the process down for a great brew.
Thank you for remaining fussy about accuracy ❤ It’s one of the reasons I enjoy watching you. Well, that and the glasses…and the hair. Just saying 😂 I also only drink 100% Kona Decaf.
I agree with your points! Thanks for the second video
We ? -
🌻
Here's a challenge for you. I recently bought a brand new stainless steel percolator, remember those old aluminum ones from the 50's and 60's? This is a stove top / campfire model and I sure could use some help getting the best out of it. I already make a half decent cuppa with it. Know anyone who might be of assistance?
I know you're not a gatekeeper, James, but I've got a hot take for your opinion to humor you with: if the "true" coffee lovers are decaf drinkers as you put it, then are you saying the caffeine, which is bitter in taste, is not essential to coffee and its flavor, and is normal for coffee? If we're going by flavor and constituents, then the true coffee lovers are those who drink caf coffee, straight black, assuming ground and brewed to perfection, and unfiltered because it's the purest coffee there is: nothing added, nothing subtracted.  Condiments don't essentially change the coffee, only accidentally change it, but if you like the flavor of coffee itself, then straight black as I just described is the most reasonable. In other words, I'm arguing caffeine is an essential component of coffee because of what it provides tastewise, and by removing it, you are substantially altering it in taste (every decaf I've ever had compared to caf tastes like it's missing something, like someone removed the certain frequencies from a song but you can't quite tell what).  Into what exactly does it become then since the change is substantial? I'm not entirely sure, but it would be in my book under the same genus (albeit different species) as processed food like crackers, sausage, chicory+coffee, and meat sticks; artificially flavored and dyed food; and the like: enhanced or modified foods and beverages. And I hope you have a great day 😁
Following the previous video, I've been trying a decaf from my local roaster (ColdBlow), to be able to drink a good coffee when I get home for the day. These days I drink a good coffee with breakfast, but then it's tea for the rest of the day to manage caffeine. Really happy to have tried the decaf - I'm doing pour-overs (12g to 180ml) not espresso, which makes things quite a bit easier I guess. The decaf tastes quite different - more like a medium or maybe even a medium to dark roast, which is a change from my morning light roast but that's no bad thing.
"We will do a better job" But like posting a video with corrected information is already doing a really incredible job. And also gives me something to watch this morning
Appreciate the humility
Just let this man be a prime minister
“Fussy and nitpicky” is not a put off for your viewers because coffee fanatics ARE “fussy and nitpicky” about their coffee , even if they don’t admit it 😂
Someone probably made this joke already, but if you ever do a TV show it _has_ to be called "Latte Night with James Hoffman." You could add an aftershow called "Latte Night with James Hoffman (decaf)."
James, me and my husband both just adore you. Your commitment to quality and detail is still so amazing, even here. ❤️
James, heard of Racemosa?
Love this and love the original. Thanks, keep on!
I drink both; roast both for the xl870 machine.  No problems.  I like decaf on days when I just want to taste it and I can have like 6-8 cups of cappuccino :). Interestingly when watching with friends, I said "it's interesting how he is dumbing it down for the gen pub" I was right!    I am always happy to hear more about decaf.   Most who don't like it first burn the bean, which already doesn't taste the same then when it tastes like a burned pile of shit, they complain.  If roasted  right( I roast at home) and light, decaf is very good and 96% of coffee drinkers will NOT be able to tell the difference between decaf and regular.  Especially when comparing freshly roasted beans VS store bought which have been laying there for months or years. Decaf is not as widespread so beans/ground lay there for much longer so it tastes like shit!
Chlorogenic acids is a wild group of compounds. What bothered me most was taking the global level as potential marker of quality although it ma y have very positive or very negative impact on taste, depending on which ones are there. Yet, thanks for the correction. Highly appreciated, since it was one of the few videos you’ve made which I found truly underwhelming
Really excited to see what you come up with in your findings about grinding decaf! Ive definitely struggled a lot with dialing in decaf to get a good result
I can't wait for those tour videos. I bought my first bag of decaf coffee recently. I'm still having trouble getting it right, but I like being able to enjoy coffee late at night without it affecting my sleep quality <3
What about Swiss water decaf? A decades old invention from Burnaby BC.
I've been drinking decaf espresso for years. Some of your findings did not correlate with my experience. Glad you recognize some inaccuracies
I've struggled with brewing decaf with V60. Found that the filter paper would clog up with fines and would have to grind far courser than normal to get a reasonable flow time. But obviously lose some extraction. Anyone else had this?
As a former barista who is now only capable of having decaf, I would be very excited about more decaf content
I didn't even watch the other video, but I have to like and comment to thank just for making this kind of video. This is very important!
Love to see some educational integrity
Love to see some educational integrity
Great vid.  Well done. BIG RESPECT to the Dr guy from Zurich.  Gonna check him out.
I'd love to watch more content on getting the best out of good quality de-caff
Oooooh I'm looking forward to going more in-depth about decaf and watching those upcoming tours :)
🎶 They wanted me to drink decaf, I said no, no, no! 🎶
Awesome I'm very impressed by your commitment to accurate information and also your commitment to transparency which you show in your other videos
It takes a big man to admit when he’s wrong, it takes an even bigger man to give a giraffe a haircut
I don't care how my coffee grinds anymore. Finer, courser, oilier, etc. each bag of freshly roasted coffee I get grinds differently anyway. Blooms differently, draws differently even on a day to day basis.
1) Why are we talking about decaf in the first place? Just drink less coffee. No matter how approaching to the real thing you can be, it will never be the real thing. And also, looking at the bigger picture, we don't need more processed food. Seriously. The whole idea is completely flawed, we don't need to consume more, we don't need to pollute more. Less is more, just forget about it, we don't have this kind of luxury anymore.  2) I miss something in this video: in order not to repeat errors in future videos, you need more than "I don't want to make errors", one suggestion is to reach out to those experts BEFORE actually publishing videos. I know it's probably not how the money printing youtube gods would want us bare humans to do this, but it is the proper way to do it if you want to do it right.
If you where wrong, didn't find complete information about decaffeinated coffee, with all your background, then how not informed are we. Your first video was big step forward. This situation now only brings even more knowledge towards all of us. GREAT JOB James!
Well I was not outraged by the fact that you called it polyphenols but I appreciate the attitude to be as accurate as it gets. You might call these mistakes but there is only one IMO that is really relevant - if you are not a scientist just a decaf lover - how to brew the best coffee from decaf. That might need further investigation, looking forward to the factory tours maybe that sheds some light on the right grinding setup…
If you're touring a factory that uses the Swiss Water process, does that mean you're coming to Vancouver?
Oh I am so looking forward to those factory tour videos!!
This sort of video is WHY so many of us trust your channel and information.
I've never noticed a difference in brewing decaf.
Aldi's
I love learning about decaf and watching the decaf discussions you have! I’m a barista of over 10 years 😅☕️  It’s important to sleep early or get enough sleep to do the job. This is to be able to perform my opening tasks and run a successful and smooth business peak in the AM. I also adore coffee and need to find a good balance. I do drink a lot of decaf or half caffeine. I might have a full caffeinated small iced coffee if it’s before 9:00am. 😅 Decaf is very enjoyable and delicious.
why  you  dont  make video about  Keurig coffee maker ?
This channel is pure art. Amazing. 😅
Thanks for the corrections. Please down grade my "like" for that video to a "mostly liked".
The solution to making great decaf starts with the bean: use selective breeding to produce a coffee varietal that has no/little caffeine with all the flavour and NONE of the fuss of removing the caffeine after the fact. There, solved it for you.
I am ecstatic to hear about the tours! Thank you as well for this video and you/your team's integrity!
Thanks for taking seriously expert's feedbacks! The previous video was extremely precious to me for a single point: storing decaf in the freezer! Game changer.
I’d love for you to look at naturally low in caffeine coffees, such as Maragogype, and how they compare to caffeinated and decaffeinated beans. Great content as always!
So fussy and pitpicky people are fans ... Guess that's me too
I would love to see a full follow up on Decaf, a Decaf v2 if you will. Perhaps a test on the shelf life expectancy between decaf vs caffeinated beans, ground or whole. Loved the original, these updates and corrections made it even better 👌🏻
I love when James talk about coffee
I'm so excited for more videos about decaf (esp factory tours).
This warms my scientific heart <3
I don't drink coffee but I love how obsessive James and his crew are.
I would love to see a video detailing the differences in various brewing methods of decaf, from grind to drink, by comparing same bean, one regular, one decaf. Not sure how possible that is, but it would be interesting and entertaining.
Why would you tell us to check out a video if this video exists to make corrections?
I think "half caff" coffee is better in all ways than decaf, but barely any companies make it. I suppose you could make something similar by just mixing half and half, ground normal coffee with ground decaf coffee. I have severe hypertension, but have drank coffee since I was 12 years old (I'm 40 now), drink about 7 cups a day of drip pot/keurig coffee and switching to half caff has cut my caffeine content per day by like 600mg a day, and blood pressure is down by 20ish points. (still high, but easier to manage with meds)
Love this video and its nerdiness (also watched the original one) and would love more content on decaf!
Really looking forward to the decaf processes series!
I like hot chocolate and cocoa.  I like coffee.  Why are the two combined into mocha so often inferior?  I would love recipes where the sum of the parts is greater than the whole.
Thanks for that!
Brilliant. Thank you James. Looking forward to the factory visits! To be honest bit jealous. Have fun :)
It's great to expect more content on decaf. Go, James, Go!
Would be lovely to get a follow-up video on naturally decaf/low-caffeine varieties (racemosa, lancifolia, laurina etc) :) lotta work rn on developing naturally decaf beans suitable for large-scale cultivation.
Since everyone else is using words like, addendum, corrections, and deserving of admiration, I would like to submit one of my favorite words that is basically the same thing.... Erratum 🎉
Some other commenter's daughter calls James "The Judgey Coffee Guy" and it makes me laugh every time I think about that.
Does James know what a polyphenol even is?
I often do Half-cafs by doing 9 grams decaf bean and 9 grams of caf bean (Light, medium, or dark). The blends taste good and I can lower my intake of caffine without sacrificing too much flavor and drink more coffee! :D
Watching the first decaf video I almost threw up in my mouth due to the inaccuracies and bias displayed... Just kidding, I didn't even know, but I do drink decaf for high BP, and really look forward to the decaf process tours. :)
Thank you!!! Excited to learn more
James Hoffman is the only guy who could release a coffee video that is accidentally a reminder about how broken our political systems are. I have never seen such a good public ownership of a previous mistake. Well done sir.
It's okkkkkk, no harm done James!
Awesome job coming back with new info after the fact and i love obscure and niche experts being brought forward where normally i probably would never of known about them and their work.  An idea for future experiement videos, 8nclude more comon equipmemt in your testing. Use a 2-300 dollar grinder, use a little breville/sage espresso machine. It may help eliminate that "bias" you had in how easy or not easy the thing you are teating is.   Maybe have someone from your crew or a friend who arent lofe long baristas and coffee experts try to replicate to give a better perspective for your average home coffee nerd.
I am at most a casual coffee enjoyer with a caffeine addiction to feed, and I would never have caught any of these issues. It's refreshing to watch somebody pick over their own work with a fine-toothed comb like this. I appreciate you. You go, you funky lil coffee nerds ❤❤❤
Hey James, after your positive decaf video I went and bought some good quality decaf green beans, gave them a nice and light roast in my home setup, and the result was a very sweet, chocolatey and smooth cup. A lot better than I had imagined.  Now I can enjoy coffee in the evenings as well!
❤
Thx James I am perfectly comfy with both videos and thank you for your humility. And I NEVER use the word polyphenol anyway 😊
Still great videos.     Pretty minor issues.    No worries
Really appreciate your candid and factual follow-up video re: decaf.  I’m such a routine drinker, reserving caffeine for special occasions. I also emphasize on the taste of decaf above all, which has been successful. On another topic, I wonder if you might be interested in looking into this.  In addition to using non pressurized baskets, I also use pressurized ones in a bottomless portafilter.  The resulting crema is more coarse with a high volume,  Any ways to improve on that crema in “post processing”?  Thanks and keep up the great work. I’m reading your books as well.
YAY deacf tour!!! lets gooo
Any good decaf specialty roaster in Denmark?
This is the internet James, it is not the place for your measured and nuanced takes. Take it elsewhere you heretic! This is the place of debauchery and petty mudslinging, read the room urgh.    no kidding though, bravo for being objective and humble, I wish more YTs were like this.
James, you deceived me and I am immediately unsubscribing! Just kidding man thank you for being so transparent about information and making corrections when necessary. Its a mark of a good scientist!
This is why I watch you mate. You're just human (yes, even when briping) and you do a sterling job.
I'm glad for this. I was surprised watching the decaf video and thought it sounded like an advertisement for decaf. It wasn't rigorous and was the first video in quite a while that I didn't share. I don't think it's going too far to say the decaf video was shocking to me and made me wonder if you'd _sold out_ and whether it was a bell weather of the end of the quality from the channel.
I've been getting Swiss Water decaf coffee from Ethical Addictions here in the UK and, to my taste, it's the best decaf I have found, and I have tried many!
Decaf is absolutely dumb. The entire point of drinking coffee is to take in caffeine. The "coffee" is just a delivery vessel for the caffeine!
Are these companies all based in UK? Excited about that series 🤩
Only The Four Tops are legitimately allowed to use the phrase "reach out" 🤮😂
Thank god you cleared up that whole thing about terms we've either never heard or remembered. PHEW! 😮‍💨 😂
Does this count as a youtuber apology video?
Looking forward to the decaf series!
Always nice to make things right. Nice
You have my respect as a man who not only admits when he got it wrong, but does so publicly, calling attention to your "mistakes", and thanking the person who corrected you. Imagine how much better our world would be if everyone took this approach!
If only more people were as enthusiastic and responsible about their work as James is about coffee what a great world this would be
I'm going to put this in the A tier of youtuber apologies, nice and concise, not manipulative, goes over mistakes and what the next steps other youtubers should take notes *cough* james somerton *cough*
I'm greatly amused by the seriousness of this video. It has all the gravitas of a youtuber-scandal-apology, but about nitpicks on decaf coffee.  To be clear, I'm also greatly appreciative, but it is kinda funny too :)
I dont know exactly how i feel about decaffeinated coffe, while sometimes close to noon I'll get a half decaff coffee from my local coffee roaster.  Brewing it at home, i don't usually, and i use anything from a cheap coffee drip machine, to a french press, an aeropress, to a Rancillio Silva.   I have nothing against decaff coffee, it tastes fine.  But to go out of my way to empty my grinder to swap it out for decaff?   I'll just go fill my water bottle over doing all that.
Would love a taste test video of various easily attainable decafs across common home brew methods to determine which brands do it best. Its so hard to know and there is remarkably little out there in terms of info
☕️
Will you annotate the original video to add this info there as well?
Just wanted to throw out there ive had a really easy time grinding and extracting espresso from our decaf coffee. I prefer light to medium roast coffee for espresso so my setup and grind settings are actually the same between them both. If i switch to really dark or oily roasts, i have to dial everything in again. That said, if your setup is dialed in on lighter roasts for espresso and you pick good, artisanal coffee with roast dates on them, not big box store commercial offerings, you will likely have an easy, fun time with decaf espresso. It is quite flavorful.
Becoming a coffee scientist is my life goal 😎
I have to grind VERy fine for my v60 using decaf glad that was just validated!!! The brew time is perfect with a fine grind for me!
Thanks for making this video! As an avid decaf drinker, I’m excited for more decaf content! I started making decaf coffee on my own with a moka pot last fall and… it’s been difficult. It kept coming out a bit sour, so I’ve stepped away from making it until I do more research
Great to hear there will be a larger decaf series!   :)
Drinking Decaf is like drinking dirt tea.
I would also point out that there are naturally caffeine free coffee varieties! I had a coffee from Voltage Coffee Roasters called "Abracadecaf" that was made from specially bred coffee plant that had low enough caffeine content to be classified as caffeine free. It was suuuuper good, roasted lightly, and behaved basically exactly like a normal bean when brewing. It was so much fun to give to other coffee fans, see their positive reaction and then tell them it was decaf. I think Voltage unfortunately stopped roasting it for some reason, and I haven't been able to find something similar since. Would love to get my hands on it again.
Good on you for fessing up and taking it on the nose. Well done !!
Man being hyper about decaf is such a contradiction.
How does a guy with 2 million subscribers on his "channel about coffee" get so many things about coffee so wrong? smh
Your original video got me to finally have the confidence to quit caffeine all together. Im a coffee guy, I love my morning brew. For what ever reason caffiene in general but especially from espresso shots (regardless of caffeine dosing I know espresso often has less caffeine than other forms of coffee or energy drinks - which dont effect me to the same extent for some reason) Would madly spike my anxiety and mess with my mental health in other ways. Luckily we have a local roasters that has a very good decaf coffee. Idk why your original impacted me so much but something clicked. lol keep it up
thank you for this video.  this channel has higher standards than some other tech channels
As a home roaster, I find it much more difficult to properly roast decaffeinated raw beans.
You're the Tom Scott of Coffee. In a good way, of course (if in doubt)
I don’t drink coffee, but I find it interesting and appreciate your dedication to getting it right!
I really enjoy this channel. Interesting, very well presented and relaxing.   I don't drink coffee.  But James always mashes me want to.
I bought a bag of decaf from my local roaster after watching the video, it hadnt occured to me that it might actually be good and in my experience anyway it brewed like normal coffee and was tasty!
You inspired me to go to my local roastery in Cambridge to get some decaf with passion and so far im very happy with it.
Any chance for a video about Vietnamese coffee brewing someday? 😊
Thank you 👏👏👏👏👏
I know there are many videos already made on this topic, but I'd love to see you talk about tamp pressure. It seems widely accepted that maximum density comes around a 30 lbs tamp and anything more than that is unnecessary. I personally find this hard to believe that there is no difference between a 30lbs tamp and a hypothetical 1000lbs+ tamp. It seems like it would be a fun experiment to compare shot times and extractions at absurdly high tamp pressures.
Looking forward to the factory tours! Sounds like a new style of video, the next Greg Wallace.
Hunted down fresh roasted decaf beans after your video. Found a local roaster who had just roasted. 🎉
I'm really excited for those detailed decaffeinated factory tours. A side of things I've always wanted to see. I also really appreciate the authenticity and willingness to discuss some slight discrepancies. I think many channels could learn from that!
Thanks for sharing! I love coffee! I just subscribed to your YouTube channel!😊😊😊👍⬆️🔔🤝
So excited about the decaf factory tour!! Also —I know you won't see or answer this but, while you were in Madrid, did you have any really good coffee at a local cafe/roaster?
0:15 It's just me who hears it "Super useless stuff down there"? I mean... was it intentional? 😄
Love that instead of cyber yelling and defensive posts and blogs a content creator/expert allowed for other scientist/experts to make added information available to your audience. Thank you 🙏🏽
Everyone makes mistakes. Not everyone corrects them.
The perfect tone with which to issue a correction. Thank you for your videos I enjoy them very much!
James, have you ever tried to filter decaf coffee? I have big problems with long brew times. Your advices on how to pour, what happens when you shake it etc. helped a lot but only for throwing away all of fancy V60 recipes and ending up with just simply pouring whole water amount very lightly after 30 seconds of blooming - not a touch in anything, no shaking, stirring, nothing, otherwise it will cost you another 30+ seconds. Oh and I have pretty decent brewing setup - plastic V60, Hario filters (from Jap. factory), Hario kettle with gooseneck, Knock Aergrind (quality Scotch made grinder, grinding nicely even particles) and filtered water. Probably decaf is so much different, that in V60 case, you can do a very little to get under 3 min and have light, more fruity brew... I always end up with more or less bitter notes with brew times 3:00 + With espresso machine on the other hand, there is almost no problem to get decent shot... Thank you for great videos and further research!
Thank you for this decaf info. I have always been an avid coffee drinker and I haven’t always been looking for good (not just decent decafs), it is proven a rare around the world.
Personally, I love coffee but not caffeine. So, these videos are wonderful. Also, to me the damage to the bean was clear. I'm looking forward to the future deep dives. Thanks for the attention to detail.
I recently switched to decaf after experiencing terrible withdrawal symptoms (pulsing headache) while abstaining from coffee during an illness.  I then weaned myself off coffee over 40 days or so by reducing my daily bean count by 0.5g, strangely I even got a mild headache for a week or so after reaching '0'.  I now actually prefer the smooth taste of decaf, no bitterness, no need to add sugar, no worrying about heavy doses of caffeine and its effects.
Representatives of the Press could learn a bit from James. Usually it's a big "first page" material (YouTube recommended) with errors, followed by an excuse, published on some remote website and in fine print. Here we have a whole video, correcting what has been stated erroneously. I truly must say: wow. And I bow my hat to you, noble Sir Hoffmann!
Yes! Decaf factory tours! I am very excited for that.
this is cute
Awesome. I only really drink decaf. Thats how I got into roasting because there wasnt good decaf. I LOVE EA Columbian decaf I get. Has the best balance and potential consistently. While I have a massively over the top roaster (Coffee Tech FZ, unintentionally!) I dont have the grinder and brewing equipment that would really take me up the level where this would get a lot better.
I've been drinking decaf for about a year since some health concerns that mean I need to minimize caffeine and found a couple of beans that I really like locally. However, one of the benefits of decaf once I got the hang of it is that now I can have a pot of coffee, rather than just a cup or two... which means that using my aeropress became quite a bit of a time consumer. I was getting amazing decaf coffee with the aeropress but recently I've picked up a french press and tried to make the transition there but I'm struggling with it a lot. The coffee is still nice - certainly drinkable, but its nowhere NEAR as enjoyable as the aeropress gave me - so I'd love a deep dive into brewing decaf and all the things that contribute to it that might be worth playing with moreso. Even just reading/hearing that most people have to grind much finer is interesting and something I'm going to definitely look at haha. Just my two cents :)
Good decaf taste just like normal coffee... Don't settle for anything less.
Thank you! You're my coffee mentor and a number of years ago now I had to stop drinking caffeine and I've been at a bit of a loss. I'm very excited about the tours. I have found two roasters roasting decaf I really enjoy, one using swiss water and the other using ethyl acetate. Warm Regards, S
JAMESSSS U HAVE 2 milly 🥹👏🏻
That vid got me into decaf and half caf! Loving it.
Question: is it not possible to genetically produce a crop that is low in caffeine? Even if it took a long time to isolate that plant?
Technically, chlorogenic acids still have antioxidant, anti inflammatory, anti carcinogenic properties - still good!
I loved the original video. I've been brewing decaf in both French press and a Moka pot for several years and my experience has been that with small adjustments to the grind it works the same as caffeinated.  Thank you for all you do James.
Big decaf has him at gunpoint
Loving learning more about decaf looking forward to future videos!
Top objectivity focus as always :) your openness to refinement of the things you've said is a great credit that so few share, least of all in social media. Looking forward to more decaf content!
I pretty much only value the opinion of people who can admit that they weren't right about something. Excellent character trait.
On a positive note, I want to let you know that decaf made it possible for me to enjoy coffee while I struggle with an autoimmune disease, after watching your first video about decaf I went to my local roaster, got freshly roasted decaf beans and tried them and it was great. I would recommend to anyone  struggling with digestive problems to have a go at decaf beans. Thanks for all your great, information rich videos. Best regards
I must get my hands on decaf one day to truly try it out. Can't wait for the factory tours! Keep up the good work James 😁
I make myself 16oz of half-caff (always with Swiss Water processed caff, and beans freshly roasted by a local roaster) every morning, freshly-grinding the beans, using a Kalita Wave and filter, using filtered coffee. Because I add a bit of cow's milk, I don't  consider myself a purist; however, I want to get the best coffee flavor that I (otherwise) can. I'm interested in the topic of decaffeination because I'm concerned about the interplay and tradeoffs between flavor and caffeine removal, and also because the question of caffeine safety.
Thank you for being so sincere! It is very respectable! And thank for this attention to decaf. I stopped being able to drink caffeine a couple years ago and i love coffee. There are a couple drinkable ones around here and one that tastes like a mix between sawdust and muddy water or something.   But decaf can be good. And it should not have to be super expensive either. I hope more awareness and demand will make it more available for people!   Best wishes
Both videos on decafe were very interesting. This correction really explains why I can't replicate the taste I like with caffeinated coffee on my decafe.
I need to grind decaf finer than normal coffee for espresso.
Respect! TY
I have also noticed that I have to grind my beans much finer with Decaf to get the brew correct.  My biggest peeve as a decaf drinker is that most suppliers of coffee have many delicious sounding varieties of coffee and then, usually at the bottom, they have "decaf".  Rarely is there any choice.
Can’t explain how excited I am for the Super-critical CO2 video. We use CO2 extensively in supermarket refrigeration and it is a bit of a handful at times but incredibly good.
Loved the first video, glad to see a follow up and can't wait to see those factory tours. It is a "given" in my mind that decaffeination damages the coffee and I was disappointed not to see that in your video, more on that in the future please.
Personally I'd like to know why decaf makes me (and others?) More jittery. Swapping 1:1 for caffeinated I'm way more anxious and jittery on decaf. Curious how common that is
Inspiring! Taking ownership, correcting mistakes, apologising.... I'm a fan!
Can we have a video that takes a fresh look at using decaf in areopress and how to adjust the recipe please? 😊
Watching while enjoying decaf. :)
Looking forward to the factory tour videos, sounds really interesting.
How great is it that the original decaf video is going to lead to three full in depth factory tours! I have a family member who can only drink decaf now due to serious health issues and I want to show her it can still be good, as her experience ordering it at coffee shops is often weak and disappointing.
I'm having trouble resolving the shelf behind you. Need to give it more space. Yeah I'm nitpicking.
It is readily apparent that they grind differently to me. When I put the same grind setting decaf vs. caf into my wacaco hand pump espresso maker, the resistance when pumping is drastically different.
Ethyl acetate is paint thinner
Cant wait for further decaf videos 🙌
I always feel a need to kinda translate videos from my favourite coffee youtubers (James being, to be honest, the most favourite of all) to my home brewing because of all the details that are different for me. I feel that most set-ups are not perfect: sometimes it's water that is softer or harder, sometimes (most of the time) it's the grinder that is not top-notch, sometimes maybe it's roasting or kettle or technique or height above the sea or filter paper or humidity but I always need to adjust somehow. So I imagined there could be two types of videos that I'd be happy to watch:  1. A video dedicated entirely to all the reasons besides grind size why water could run quicker or slower through the coffee bed. On my grinder I need to offset quite heavily depending on the exact coffee I brew, otherwise the brewing time can change for the solid minute and a half or so. I saw Elysia Holmes primarily bases her grind size on the processing method but I'm not sure that my experience is in tune with that.  2. A series of James researching all the different home brewing peculiarities of his audience. What if James comes to different homes of his viewers all around the globe, looks at how his recepies and recommendations should be adjusted in different set-ups and films the whole process?.. I feel it could be insightful in many ways (or maybe not. but still fun! and kinda expensive, I suppose...).   (Anyway, thank you for everything, I mostly brew and learn with your videos, and they're incredibly helpful! Think about dm'ing me, if you come to Armenia (or Georgia, Serbia or even Russia), I'll be happy to show you to show you around or just tell about all the best places, coffee and other)
Studied chemist and coffee enjoyer about the Polyphenol Thing: Chlorogenic Acid does contain multiple Hydroxy Groups on a Phenyl Ring and so it does fulfill the criterium of being a polyphenol. The term polyphenol is not very strictly defined though and some people may only define compounds containing multiple hydroxy groups on *different* aromatic rings as polyphenols. This might be causing the confusion also in the literature. In most definitions I found chlorogenic acid and caffeic acid are counted as polyphenols though.
"We have a very nice setup here for brewing coffee. Perhaps as good of a setup as you can imagine."  And the bripe stands heroically in the background.
Looking forward to the tour videos!
I posted a remark after your previous post, : the Nespresso decaf (Volluto decaf) takes a noticeably  longer time to percolate than the normal Volluto (Swiss Water Process)
love you and your teams work, even if it's cost me money....in delicious coffee & coffe gear invested money
We?  I don't think he's taking responsibility yet...   Keep going...
Can’t wait for the video about the 3 different processes of decaf. I had some decaf coffees but always wondered about the Swiss water process
I'm very excited about more decaf.
Tiiiiiraaaaamiiisuuuuuu
I went to the grocery store looking for decaf coffee for the first time and they have those clear dispensers where you can see the beans. I was looking specifically for light or medium roast, but the beans in the dispenser appeared oily which in my mind is a feature of dark roasted beans, so I didn't get any. Could this oiliness be a result of the decaffeination process making the beans more porous?
On my Mignon Specialità / Bianca combo I cannot confirm that at least the decafs I have used (most common one is probably the Lavazza Dek, which I really like btw) are more difficult to brew/need significantly different grinder settings.
In an era where home coffee machines enable consumers to easily craft café-style drinks, how can baristas elevate their role and offer unique value to customers who might otherwise replicate these beverages at home?
Doing a fantastic job. Thanks for the corrections and looking forward to decaf videos when you post them.
Really looking forward to the decaf tours. Thank you for these corrections, too!
Thank you for organizing the factory tours. Looking forward to do
Personally, I can only find pre-ground decaff, so I just choose a good instant coffee for my decaff drinks. Great work with the video, it's always good to see comments and corrections when needed.
This video epitomizes why I am school of hoffman!
I'm a huge fan of decaf coffee, I'm looking forward to the next video.
Appreciate the transparency and commitment to learning and being accurate!
Kudos!  Also a little funny that the biggest blunder is that you made things look so easy 😅
looking forward to the factory tours!
I am excited about the factory tours.
OH MY GOSH I'm so excited for this project. I'm trying to move away from caffeine, but coffee is life, and anything that adds to the decaf conversation is a great step forward. I also love that you're a part of the conversation, not just telling us things, but actually engaging with the things and taking us along <3 thank you thank you
I completely missed that video! I just drink instant when I switch to decaf. Sad.
Just so grateful anyone in the coffee world is talking about decaf.  It's all I drink (have heart and anxiety issues that make drinking too much caffeine a Really Bad Idea).  I LOVE the taste of coffee but can't have a ton of caffeine so decaf it is!  I mentioned this in the comments on the prior video but the best I have found, by far, is created by a small artisan roaster in Philly.  Caffe Fresco -- you can find him (Tony) online.  Best decaf espresso EVER!
I love people who are willing to publicly correct their mistakes! And James, could you do an episode on chicory in coffee? I grew up with that and always loved it. Now I've come back to it in my old age but in this case, it's not grocery store ground coffee but good beans that I grind and then add roasted chicory granules -- my proportion is a little more than 1/4 chicory for coffee made in my Aeropress.
Might the physical impacts imparted to the coffee beans in the decaffeination process drastically increase the porosity and interconnectedness of those pores throughout the bulk of the mass of the coffee bean? Hence the coarser grind espresso leading to very fast shots?
Brilliant video. I find that for my Clever dripper, I need to grind decaf from my local roaster coarser than caf in the Fellow Ode 2 to get a tasty cup of coffee. And it is very, very tasty.
Yes another convincing example of why James Hoffmann is suck a class act!
It shows how serious people are about coffee. In this case, which is very rare, it wasn't trolls who criticised him but people with a genuine concern for the facts and did it with respect. It restores my hope! This seems like a great win because now we get to see the process in a video. To be honest I have never understood decaf coffee and have steered clear of it. Being informed is one of the reasons I watch YouTube. This chennel is excellent and so committed to the wonderful world of coffee - the best legal addictive drug in the world!
James, I’m just grateful you haven’t now given up on coffee and decided to defect to drinking tea only.  As always, love your work. Proper nerd stuff…just my thing.
That was so graceful 😁
the variability of tastes of regular coffee is so great that talking about decaf tasting different is silly.
I can’t wait for the factory tours!
I am so glad you are ever more enthusiastic to dive into decaf coffee and the decaffeination process. Thank you for addressing errors and forging forward! You are doing this with integrity, and to me, this feels like the best parts of community working well.
Watching James is fascinating, I drink cheap folgers out of a 20 dollar mister coffee standardly, otherwise I go to a coffee and get a dark espresso, learning about coffee that, plainly I may never truly appreciate, is, fascinating.   Being humble and admitting mistakes and corrections is great, and I look forward to the tours of the decaf processing facilities, sounds fascinating.  Learning is always fun.
Didn't know what Don't drink
nice and appreciated, bur I would have liked more details - perhaps going in to the enlightening letter you got. Not that I care very much -- I'm happy to have a couple of americanos after dinner and still sleep as soundly as ever.
I have been  drinking Lavazza Deck whole beans for 30 years and I found the coffe quite tasty  for a classic Italian espresso - I did not find that I have to grind it differently than any Lavazza medium roast caffeinated blend - conversely so far  I could not find  any specialty and/or Seattle local decaffeinated coffee that could match the Lavazza deck - if someone has any suggestion for a good Italian decaf espresso in USA please reply to this comment
it would be good to have some clarity over whether the health benefits from polyphenols still stand, given your comment about the correction. does decaf still have a good amount of polyphenols?
I find the Starbucks espresso and decaf espresso beans pull shots the same with the same grind and taste remarkably similar. Haters...you are up. :-)
I <3 you Hames Joffman
Thank you for taking the time to film and edit an addendum. This has been such and interesting topic and I love having an enthusiast and scientist such as yourself delving into it on our behalf. So looking forward to the factory tours!
I don’t think decaf tastes as good and I’ve tried some of the best microlots out there.
Human errors are natural and everyone should listen and research and take everything with a grain of salt just to be safe when consuming content and things and it was such a helpful video especially with decaf really getting popular in the cafe i work at currently in Aus.  I think also whenever youre switching from finishing some beans to new bag of beans at home, you always have to adjust a bit whether its decaf or not.
Thanks for the corrections Hames. Looking forward to the factory tours. 🏭👍
Yes, I listened to your original and thought “my decaf tastes nothing like normal bean coffee”. Glad others thought the same. So glad you area “details man”. Keep it up please! Looking forward to your factory tours!
What, no ukulele? :D Very nice retraction video. Exactly how it's done
I just like the information and the way it’s presented. Thanks for striving to get it correct, and keep putting out the videos. They’re both entertaining and informative. And your “bad” video effort is still miles ahead of most “good” video efforts by other channels.
I'm all for it.  Factory tour let's go!  I think we all appreciate the correction!.
Integrity in today’s world is fundamental thanks James.
If anyone ever asks you why you trust James Hoffmann, just point them to this video.
So, Decaf pods use a coarser grind, but users of decaf beans need to adjust their grinders for a finer grind to make good decaf coffee. Does this mean that with the same grinder set the same, you get a larger particle size from the damaged decaf beans?
I like this video, but wish you would have posted the full, extremely nitpicky list of corrections and addendums for my viewing pleasure..
It's great to see this kind of video, thanks to both you and the people who sent corrections !
You a freakin' delight. Thank you for being awesome, James.
Hey love that you are doing video's on Decaf, If I could do decaf that tasted as good as my hight octance espresso I would be very pleased, don't get me wrong I can make a good decaf hot or cold latte, but it's not as smooth as my caffeinated espresso, but I'm trying many decaf's throughout my State and the rest of the U.S. Keep up the video's on decaf :)
I found a completely functional Spinn at a thrift store. Is that widely available enough for you to review it?
Absolutely excited that the Decaff Project is finally HERE!!! Thank you so much for investing in this subject, acknowledging mistakes, updating the information and especially giving it its much deserved spotlight, as a Colombian who can no longer drink caffeine this is GOLD!!! CANNOT WAIT FOR THE TOURS!❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Everyone appreciating the mea culpa but I'm just over here excited as heckfire hearing there's going to be decaf factory walkthroughs coming!
All I heard was "I wasn't wrong about anything but I should have gone into more detail". lol
Always interesting.
Oh my god... It<s happening. Factory tours!!! :D
A *masterclass* in how to own a mistake and move forward. Such integrity!
Subscribed! not many people have the nuts to admit they're wrong
Love you James 💕☕️
Appreciate the honesty! Has anyone measured decaf from a mocha pot?
Great vid James. After several years of up to 15 cups of (crap) offee/day when I was working and studying for my masters, I can no longer consume caffeine at all without having a heart reaction. Decaf is my only option now and it's great to see some focus on the substance. If anyone queries my decaf order, I explain that I'm a real coffee drinker, drinking for the taste, not the caffeine! Cheers from Sydney - Dave
I am beyond thrilled to see you talking about decaf! Thank you for including those of us who also drink decaf in your content.
Loved the original vid and appreciate this attention to detail makes it even better.
Thank you for this video. I enjoyed and liked the first as well and nothing in this video has changed my appreciation for the previous video. As someone who limits caffeine intake for medical reasons and someone who loves delicious espresso, I am really looking forward to the in depth exploration of this topic. In my experience making espresso w decaf I have found that spraying or wetting the bean before grinding is crucial for good extraction. Counterintuitively, I find very slightly less pressure — between 7 and 8 bars is ideal for most decaf. Slightly finer grinds than what I use with regular beans work well. Lastly, I like to wait 2-3 weeks after the beans are roasted to start using decaf beans. I am eager to learn more!
I'm hypersensitive to caffeine. 25 hours after I drink a cup, I get a splitting headache unless I refill with caffeine. If I accidentally overdose on caffeine I get heart arrhythmias that are frightening and possibly dangerous. To avoid this inconvenience/hazard (the things I do for my beloved bean soup!), I mainly drink decaf.   I drink Peet's Major Dickason's blend, Starbucks Pikes Peak or Espresso, or Whole Foods' 365 Buzz Free; and when I have to make do with instant I drink Starbucks Italian Roast in their Via packets.    My go-to setup is a three-cup (10 oz.) moka pot with 21 grams of coffee ground medium, to which I add 3-4 oz of hot water and about an ounce and a half of milk and sugar to make a nice 12-15 oz. cafe Americano.  I've tried drip, French press, Aeropress, and a low-end nine-bar Krups espresso machine, but my low-tech approach seems to give me the best coffee so far.  I tried a bag of Speedwell "sugarcane process"/ethyl acetate coffee, but it was ground too fine for my process (they admitted to me over the phone that they didn't know what grind to use for moka pot and they just faked it---yes, I was astounded!). It really didn't hit me as anything special.   Then there's the fact that I am a kosher consumer, and both methylene chloride and ethyl acetate processes are not kosher for Passover, so Swiss Water Process is my go-to.  I'd love to try supercritical CO2 decaf---to me that seems like the most promising process when it comes to extracting caffeine without murdering the bean or ruining the coffee---but I can only buy it on Amazon in 5 lb bags, my local coffee roastery wouldn't stock it for me.  So I'm very much looking forward to your coffee factory tours, and if any supercritical CO2 decaf manufacturers out there want to sell it on Amazon in 1 lb bags, I would be first in line.
This is like the Gamers Nexus of Coffee channels, that is willing to share these company tours. I'm constantly learning more and more about a drink I thought was relatively the same, until I started trying out different brands and flavors. Thank you for what you do.
Good follow-up.  But decaf is an affront to the laws of God and man.
I love the humility and informative nature of your videos.  Not pretentious, no ego, just really informative and warm even.  Science is best made when there are changes or further revisions/clarifications to said concept/subject, and I do see the science of coffee as just that: a science, albeit a fun (and tasty) one at that!  It's great to see this addendum to your previous video, and I'm looking forward to videos on the factory tours soon!
More decaf content please
If every creator was willing to make videos like this the internet would be a better place. Well done.
GOAT
I still won’t drink decaf.
Big compliment to you guys to stand behind mistakes and actually making an dedicated correction video then just pin an comment under the original video.  Didn't see that often nowadays  ❤  Nice greetings from Taiwan
As everyone else has said, corrections are a necessary part of great coverage of a topic, so thank you for doing this!
Some of us don't have the option of regular coffee (muscle spasms, nerve damage, etc), so we appreciate this.  I have mostly made decaf espresso and noticed tha the shots would run much more quickly that what I had seen with regular coffee on various videos.
The fact that we get in depth tours of the decaffeination process out of this is brilliant! 🎉
At our cafe we like doing things differently and we run a Columbian decaf with 11-12 second shots on conical burrs. So far every client that has had it, both black and with milks, has come back for more. It's so interesting to witness how different the flavor attunement of decaf drinkers is!
Excited for the transparency and super excited for the factory tours!
I so appreciate that you took correction in stride. You rock, James!
I have the exact problem you described about having to grind decaf into a powder for espresso and I still get gushing sour shots. I've increased dose, gone coarser, tried filter paper, puck screens, reduced flow still can't get it right.
Amazing 2 million subscriber video! Congrats 🎉
Wow. Such a brave video.
But is decaff really less bitter?
Thank you for both your expertise and humility, James. I greatly appreciated your decaf video as well as the corrections follow up.
Solid! Love it
Decaf should be banned. No one  needs why bother coffee . Coffee beans have rights too! Decaffeinating coffee is a war crime!
thanks James - I was kinda going HUH? when you said it brews the same, but figured it was just me not getting it right. AND I am very much looking forward to the upcoming videos on DECAFE. Whoopie!!
Late is better than never. Keep it going mate.
yeah brewing decafe is not great in my aero press
A blind tasting of decaff/regular coffees where all else was held equal incoming?
Fantastic timing!! I'm about to add some decaf brewed coffee into my daily coffee consumption routine.  Now I'm better informed as to what to expect!  Many Thanks !
James Coffeemann
You’re a poly-phenom !
While I never drink decaf, I agree it should taste good. Not be a crippled cousin of coffee.
We brew our Decaf halfcaf and wholecaf in the same machine and yum they are all good cause they are coffee. I know I'm just a regular American coffee slob (not snob) but coffee is more prevalent in my bloodstream than blood soooo
I'm now looking forward to a Hames Joffman variant of this 🙂
I'm a casual viewer, and not bothered by the mistakes. And the polyphenol thing has no bearing on my life.  But also good on you for correcting & taking feedback. And I see why others would care more about accuracy than me.
Holy sh!t, i thought James was drunk, then i realised my playback speed was 0.75x as i’d been listening to some hyper speed geek talk about linux and tmux! oops.
Well this is an exemplary response to making an 000 behind the , mistake to (I guess) most of us coffee novices, however as said many times in the comments section already, the nitpicky, precise and quality content you bring to the coffee enthusiasts world is amazing. Thanks for educating and entertaining us, while being honest, authentic and focusing on every minute detail.
+1 for a how to brew decaf espresso at home video. I am in that camp of needing to grind much finer to achieve my typical ratios.
After your vid, I went and sourced some decaf (I drink way too much coffee). I haven't found a cost effective decaf that has the right flavour, although, mixing it 50/50 with my usual dark roast, has worked. Less caffeine, and a little less robustness in the flavour, but overall a small price to pay
I personally don't feel that this second video was needed to clarify what you said in the original video. It seems like the Dr. and some of the complainers were being way to picky. It's understood when listening to people giving their opinions on social media that first and foremost it is their opinions, and opinions do differ from person to person. Keep making video's the same way you have always made them and don't let anyone change your format :)
"Decaf is a damaging process"... well, so is roasting the beans... it "damages" them. Of course it changes the chemistry, but calling it "damaging" is not "scientific" in my opinion. Disappointed by the letter you got. To me it seems you really didn't get anything wrong, but presented things in a reasonable simplified way, and it seems overly apologetic based on a letter you got.
using the right word is not fussy or nitpicky. it can be a matter life and death, especially within the foodservice industry.
Love a learner mindset!
The beauty of making a mistake is that you get to show everyone (inc yourself) how good you are at accepting and correcting your errors. In this you have excelled.
I loved both videos
👍
I'm so excited to see the tours ❤
Like CGP Grey says,  "The instant the final video goes up, all the unfindable experts will find it and get in touch"  "The internet will tell you real fast if you're wrong"
RESPECT!!! Love the channel - professional and simply proper.
I'm drinking decaf now and I feel better... Not many option to choose from tho
I think you would have been a great politician
Also. Decaf factory tour 🎉🎉
Just wanted to excitedly point people to an absolutely delicious decaf I stumbled on since the original video.  Coffee direct , dark Columbian.  I'm not normally a dark roast fan. But this one blew me away. It's sooo dark and glossy. I fully understand how a coffee can be velvety thanks to this one.  Also Amazon has fairly cheap 40ml and 60ml glass test tubes with corks that have worked beautifully at storing and freezing decaf for me.
Decaf is not worth your time.
Variety 1:49 means different. Nitpicking, yes. That's what we do here. Thanks for the great videos.
Great vid again. Yes, I have to grind my decaf finer for my espresso ..not that much though.  Looking forward to seeing that video when you visit the decaf process 👌🏼
Interesting topic...In terms of the flavour of decaf vs caffeinated beans, my experience has been mixed. In an effort to find a decent decaf, I've purchased a few different beans from reputable roasters here in Australia. I'm perhaps not surprised that the two brands/roasters of beans here that offer decaf that tastes great are Campos and Vittoria. I've tried many others and they fail to impress, one get's that odd flavour that doesn't come close to being satisfying - almost an odd chemical taste, albeit subtle but enough to dislike.  At times I will blend a decaf with my favourite caffeinated beans from "Double Roasters, in Sydney.
James, thank you for taking the time to produce a correction video. This sets a good example for YouTubers.
huzzah! looking forward to the extraction videos. reminder of a past life working with super critical CO2 extractions.
I dismissed decaf entirely until your last video. Now I’m going through a kilo a fortnight.
I'd actually love to read that email with all of those really really tiny mistakes 🤭
Just finished making a decaf cappuccino and as I switched my gaggia off  this came on😊
Thanks for the update.
I'm pretty sure that you did say that the decaffeination process did have a huge impact on coffee quality.
1:02 Is it really the case that the decaffeination process damages the coffee? It changes the coffee, but so does roasting, so does washing the beans. What distinguishes decaffeination as a damaging process compared to all the other processes that change the flavour and structure of coffee beans?
I know it's a good channel when we get correction videos. I'm also super looking forward to the in depth videos! I love the science (and, in this case, engineering) behind coffee.
I really hoped you get all processes covered
I NEVER roast, brew, or drink decaf. However, after the original video, and now this one, I'm at least open to the possibility of decaf having a place in my life. Maybe I have just been lacking information and have been suffering from assumptions and biases. Thank you so much for educating me. I am looking forward to learning more. Those facilities tours sound very exciting and I am greatly looking forward to them.
I'd love to know why so many people have trouble brewing decaf (myself included) yet the fancy equipment doesn't seem to have the same issues? Is there really that much difference?
Sorry I don’t use instagram I prefer espressogram
Bump
Looking forward to the decaf tours. I have two Eureka XL64 s, one each for regular beans and one for decaf. They do grind differently…..but that applies to all beans. I sometimes give guests the decaf to see if they taste the difference….. My Lavazza beans taste pretty good to me! A lot of the flavour is in the puck prep and setting the grind, get that right then a full flavour espresso is no problem. Love the videos you produce.
Yaaas!! more decaf videos to come :) :)
I wonder if anyone wrote to say decaf drinkers will burn in hell?
Facts are sometimes tough…
Don’t know what I feel about didn’t even understand the thing bothers James the most, but appreciate this video😂
And this is why I love this channel! It's why I love other similarly humble and scientifically literate channels such as GamersNexus.  I can't wait for the decafe factory tours, that's going to be an absolute blast, and I really hope that this focus improves the decafe offerings, especially considering that I am now unable to drink anything that is caffeinated.
The upcoming factory tours sound fascinating. Very much looking forward to them!
A certain ailment has stopped me from enjoying caffeine, so I am now stuck with decaf coffee. The market for water processed decaf beans is getting better, but it's not quite there yet. The biggest problem I am facing right now is the amount of acid in the coffee. It's starting to curdle my milk cream. For the uppity people, I am unable to drink black coffee due the ailment I mentioned above.
I get some really tasty decaf pour overs using the frozen metal balls Sasa Sestic developed.
Always impressed when someone is big enough to correct an error , not often going to see that,tks
I kinda wish you'd pick up a Temu vintage looking coffee grinder with the wheel and compare that thing. I've used it and I feel like I've gotten good tasting coffee out of it - good water/coffee in and got decent coffee out, but certainly not on par with my Comandante that I just picked up. I'm brand new to the world of coffee and espresso; just purchased your book; and have watched hours and hours of your content.  Thank you so much, Sir!!
Really enjoyed the original decaf video, really enjoyed this one, really enjoy your honesty and prompt admission of mistakes!
So excited for the factory tour
so many things seem to be dumbed down that it becomes a pleasure when it goes into all the details and you go back and question what you said.
A couple years ago I went down the decaf hole, roasted about 10 different decaf beans, and it was very difficult producing the quality of roasts (and brews) - so much that - while I did create some tolerable decaf-only blends, the real shine was in balancing a lower-than-half-caf blend, which came out on par with the other (better) blends I have been using. There is difficulty is making this palatable for both he wallet and the cupper's desired confidence(or safety levels for those on decaf because you have to) in caffeine levels. Just a casual observation. even just a few normal ly roasted beans can really impact the flavor profile (in a positive manner).
Great content as always. Would appreciate a video on perfecting espresso with decaf beans , agree it’s not simple.  Look forward to the videos on the different processes.
I bought my first bag of decaf after your video. I always needed something to drink at 9pm at night and not feel bad about it. I took the plunge and for that I thank you!
Thank you for the corrections! I’ve also had issues grinding decaf as sometimes I can’t tell whether I’m channeling or if my grinder simply cannot go fine enough! Would love to see this grind size issue with entry level equipment explode further!
As a long time home coffee brewer who only recently went fully decaf, I’m relieved to not be alone in struggling to make nice coffee! My setup isn’t fancy but having made delicious ‘regular’ coffee for years, I’ve had a real battle readjusting to the quirks of decaf beans. I’d love to see James making decaf with some more real-world equipment and going through some recommendations to deal with the difference(s). Main thing for me has been grinding finer, but I’m now at the limit of my grinder.
your videos arm fantastic no need to be sorry it was interesting all that way esp for a new coffee drinker
Decaf also does crap latte art 😅 just saying 😂 😅. Interested to see more videos on decaf though!
For what it's worth, James, I am NOT a coffee expert and also assumed that the process damaged/deteriorated the coffee as well (without you explicitly saying this)  As always, love your content. Cheers!
The one thing I missed from the decaf vidéo is something I am still very confused with: does decaffeinated occur after the normal processes (natural, washed,etc) or instead of? Why? And if after, why do roasters not indicate this info in the bags?
In James Hoffmann we trust. Irrespective of right and wrong, love your work!
The best YouTuber apology video
I was in Toronto last week and at coffee one of the Faherenheit places. Had a decaf latte that was really good! Was a bit surprised actually. I think many would have a hard time telling that coffe was decaf. Made me hopeful I can brew a really good cup decaf myself.
Can you please also address the fact that you are 100% wrong about foam (crema) being “just co2” 🤦🏻‍♂️
Can't wait to watch the videos of the factory visits to learn about the processes of decafeination!
Can't wait to watch the videos of the factory visits to learn about the processes of decafeination!
Hi James, my response (as a person doing Health Science Degree) 1. THANK YOU FOR THE ORIGINAL VIDEO! I have a medical condition where I am VERY sensitive to specific chemicals due to 'Toxic Induced Loss of Tolerance' and while you used the wrong chemical name you explained WHY I get sick from some instant decaf! 2. I developed this condition because a Doctor in the 50s thought he'd discovered a new disease after a patient reported getting sick from chemicals, gave it a name and set up a all new school for "Clinical Ecology" unaware that real problem was that he was NOT QUALIFIED in toxicology to assess the safe dose and didn't do ANY research leaving his patient, and all that came after with no treatment other then to "Avoid Chemicals". This Mistake has been replicated for over 50 Years as "Experts" debated in papers if the condition is caused by chemicals or a mental health issue. So for the past few years I've been doing a Degree majoring in Public Health (aka how to do your own research!!!) and Health Promotion (how to make sure the public understands it!) with electives in brain biochemistry, toxicology and nutritional anatomy so that I can figure out which chemicals to avoid, what they are in and why they make me sick? I also aim to be the first person with this condition qualified to write a paper to "correct" the original diagnosis (which is wrong!!) the treatment (which is IMPOSSIBLE!) and WHO should treat people with this condition - a Clinical Toxicologist #1 and team of doctors with the correct speciality for the specific chemical and disease. My paper aims to point out that we'd known toxic induced loss of tolerance caused allergies over 100 years ago! Naturally I would also be making up my own medical condition to diagnose HIM with "Dr House Syndrome" aka making their patients suffer horribly and die by assuming they are wrong, failing to do a complete history or medical exam, and thinking that a Doctor is in any way qualified to work as a Environmental Health Officer, Clinical Toxicologist, Pharmacist, and Epidemiologist - which require a entirely SEPERATE degree! AS SUCH congrats you got a D on your original video and a HD on your SECOND video clearly setting out your response to the feedback/corrections. FINALLY/MOST IMPORTANTLY!!!! Yesterday I was really jittery and knew I should NOT have coffee!!! But the Best Coffee Shop in my town was open for delivery and I noticed they had a decaf option on their best coffee. Where it not for your video I wouldn't have known to CALL THEM to check. I did and guess what!?! They got VERY EXCITED to tell me allll about how they prided themselves on their decaf and each day would freshly roast a small batch. So I ordered it - IT WAS FANTASTIC! In fact I had two!! In summary - you not only held yourself to a higher standard then most Doctors by actually DOING THE RESEARCH then correcting it when you were wrong, which makes you better then 'How To Cook That who is a ACTUAL Food Scientist with a degree who 'forgot' her ethics when faced with a Temu sponsorship - and NEVER issued a correction - nor apologised!! You helped a person with a not uncommon medical condition identify that instant coffee made in certain countries, or with certain claims on the labels are SAFE and also that their local coffee shop makes AMAZING DECAF!!! The only bad news - they also forgot to update the menu that the Vegan BLT was now MUSHROOM and almost died because the mushrooms gave me a overdose of Histamine and immediatly caused a allergic reaction!!! So I had to call the cafe back and explain that they'd almost killed me, but also added that the Decaf was FANTASTIC!
I’d like to see a blind taste test between caffeinated coffees and their decaffeinated counterparts
Hands down. It takes huge cohones to publicly admit to a mistake.
You truly are YouTube's favourite mad coffee scientist (I feel you may refute the last word, but video's like this make it clear that you are)
This is such a classy response! Thanks for being conscientious about this. Looking forward to your future videos!
we enjoyed the last video , how ever factory tours should be an all of the claimed coffees to give us more insight how they are different and how is not just marketing stuff and bs. as we don’t have the right pallet or the right equipment to buy and test 1000 of different coffees. Another point is that coffee sellers don’t give optimal details how their expensive coffees should be brewed at home for them to be enjoyed as it was designed to. Otherwise you are selling just a bland paper weight. Imagine if premix cake did not give specific details on how to mix and bake the recipe ofc you can make alterations and changes but the optimal should be provided by the manufacturer.
HA, NEEEEERRRRDDDS! (I am one too)
If I wanted to brew half-caf with a mix of normal and decaf versions of the same beans what ratio would i need to account for the different extraction characteristics? Or is this a non-starter of an idea?
James, I thank you  Your determination to the craft you are part of is exemplorary   Nothing further to add, save for cream and sugar to taste
@Kingseven - Are you as excited about the coffee tours as I was hearing about them? Wow!
I've had decaf that needed to be ground coarser and some finer.. I don't think I'd write a rule on that.. this is with the same roast profiles.
Hi James, You are a fantastic person; you do not mind admitting when you have been wrong - it does not happen often (almost never) on YouTube. I just admire your knowledge and dedication to coffee, and honest input in the incredible coffee world. With all respect 🤗❤️
Looking forward to the factory tours!
Thanks for the video - it's always good to err on the side of being more comprehensive and informative, than less. Having said that, I did take it as assumed that the decaffeination process was mildly destructive just inherently due to the chemistry involved, and also that it would brew differently. Like any new grind, I would have expected a trial and error process to find how to brew decaf.
Appreciate the willingness to create a video like this! Dedication to educating your audience and not just puffing up your ego! Great work.
Hey James! I would love a video on cold brew coffee, how to make it properly, and how it differs flavor/chemistry-wise from other brewing methods!
As the saying goes, Follow the Science and of course James. 😅 Thank you for the updates. As much as I want to enjoy decaf coffee.....for me, no matter what brand I buy, the bold flavor just isn't there. I have tried different ratios with no luck to make it better. I stick with high test and remain happy😅
Bought my first decaf bag of beans and made espresso with it today. I didn't have much trouble getting it to pour at the correct rate. Swiss water method.
Two things that shouldn’t be consumed: Soy and Decaf
It's important to remember that the decaf process is damaging to the coffee bean just as the roasting process is damaging to the coffee bean. In both cases, we're leveraging chemical processes (hopefully) for our benefit.   I hope people don't get too hung up on this particular fact; some folks freak out just at the though of chemistry and their food.
What a nerd. Love it.
I've found the best way for me to brew decaf at home is with a French press. While I do need to upgrade my burr set (Ode gen 1), I found I was getting far too many fines to brew a good pour over, no matter how I changed the grind size. This is a problem I've not had with any coffee variety or roast in that grinder before.   That said, I love brewing French press, so I'm fine with brewing decaf with that method.
This makes me want to try brew good decaf even more
I love the overall message of these videos: decaf can be great, but of course it's not just regular coffee. Your first video on the topic encouraged me to find a local roaster that does decaf and it entirely changed my perception on decaf coffee, despite never even trying before watching because I never would have given it a chance. By doing pour overs at home, I haven't noticed a meaningful difference between the flavor or enjoyability of caffeinated or decaf except for faster staling of the decaf beans. But positively, I do believe reducing my caffeine intake has done some good. So thanks for both your enthusiasm about decaf in the first place, as well as your commitment for showing everything in the right light.
I have to say I was encouraged by the decaf video because I really find myself wanting to brew decent decaf for the afternoon and or evening, and I wasn’t sure it was going to be worth the effort. However, I’ve done pretty well brewing my own aeropress version, and, while it’s not as tasty as my caffeinated coffee earlier in the day, it is still quite enjoyable
In the USA 6.1M people suffer from Atrial Fibrillation, in Europe it’s estimated to be 17.9M. One of the biggest triggers if not the biggest is caffeine. Caffeine exists in some of the biggest selling drinks coffee, tea, cola-cola / Pepsi, Red Bull etc.  So it’s a really big deal in fact a life saving deal having good de-caffeinated coffee and tea so covering coffee this way is almost a public health lesson.
I'd love to see a "how to brew decaf" video that discusses the adaptations one would need to make to go from a regular coffee brew to making the same style beverage using decaf beans.
The variation in porosity I will be probing because of inspiration from the first video. I want to do in-situ decaffeination to track the pore density in the same bean. Thanks again for all the cool coffee content.
Awesome update
As a direct consequence of your horrible mistake with the poly-something, which was clearly a huge blunder, you will be sentenced to do 5 coffee slurpees and one "Oh Dear no!" coffee tasting.
Well, I finally clicked "notifications" because of your promise for future videos on the decaf factory tours.  Thank you! Love your channel.
Oh I'm fired up for those factory tours!
So no polyphenols were injured in the production of the decaf coffee video?
Thank you and looking forward to those decaf videos
I'm excited for the factory tours! I made decaf in a chemistry class. It had added caffeine to help us measure easier, but it was super fun.
You have an unusual level of scientific/academic humility. Pretty refreshing. Keep up the good work.
Super excited for the decaf factory tours!
I think you _did_ mention that the decaf process damages the coffee bean..
Hey James, a colleague of mine just bought a "La Piccola Piccola" and i slightly confused from it´s concept of mixing pad coffee and Espresso machines. And are the pads from italy that are meant for this kind of machine better than the normal pad machines we know from big companys we all know?
after watching the other decaf video I am really really interested in experiencing decaf. Ive always had a negative bias towards decaf for somereason.
I can't wait for the factory  videos!!!
Nespreso arepggio decaf is basically the only good one I have tried. Highly recommended. I stopped drinking normal coffee with it.
I'm glad to hear the decaf plant tours will be happening! My 13-year old has been asking when they were happening ever since the decaf video came out.
I do want to point out that despite the corrections, your video on decaf gave me the confidence to buy some so I could enjoy coffee in the evenings without the issues associated with late night caffeine consumption.
If only our news sources could be as transparent and accountable to their audiences. Thank you for your integrity, commitment, and passion.
I really like your content.  Do you know by any chance if a la Marzocco bottomless prtafilter 58mm will fit into my Profitec 700 drive which has a e61 brew head ..  I remember you bout a la Marzocco bottomless Porta filter for your first Profitec 700 but I’m not sure if things have may changes in between.
so glad the decaf project is finally happening
I really appreciate the commitment to integrity. As far as what else I want to see: more coverage of different brewing methods. Let's have a video covering and comparing a range of them. Turkish coffee, pour over, French press, etc.
I can’t imagine being so anti decaf that I had to drink worse coffee. Caffeine actually helps my ADD
I have moved to decaf due to my caffeine intollerance. Your previous video helped me so much in a few repects. 1. make sure the beans you buy are as fresh a posible (due to the deteriation incured  in the process) 2. When ordering decaf in a cafe make sure they are freshly ground and not preground 3. Good decaf well made can be really enjoyable. Your errors and lack of detail did not have an effect on the above three positive points. I really noticed a great dirrence in the two decaf beans I tried. The first batch from a local roaster were too old and actually had a very strong caffeine effect on me (this is subjective but both my wife and I didnt feel good after drinking coffee from the first batch. The second batch was from Square mile Red Brick and is honestly as good as most good beans I buy. So thanks James for all your advise
I love the spirit behind this correction as it speaks so much to why we keep showing up to this channel. The decaf video was eye-opening for me. I immediately went out and bought some good, fresh decaf from Counter Culture and dialed in a nice pour over that in no way tastes like a compromise.
I signed up for a Decaf filter subscription based purely on your last video, so thank you and thank you for your amazing videos, I love being notified there is a new one to watch. This correction demonstrates why I value your content so highly.
I only drink decaf. Seems to me better taste(when i make it at home with my simple paper filter . Its all about the brewing technique that i ve perfected.
I love the honesty of you. Thank you for being so transparent.
Wow, mixing up polyphenols and phenolic acids? Unforgivable.
The last person I'd expect a cancellation and subsequent apology video from is James Hoffman, yet here we are
Thank you, James!  Your original video about decaf convinced me that it would be possible to make a good cup of decaf coffee at home without spending too much money, so I bought coffee making stuff for the first time.  This video is just more information.  Can't wait for the factory tours!
As someone who was inspired by that video to try some locally roasted decaf, I did *not* find it brews any differently then normal coffee, but I'm not trying to pull shots
I think this video just goes to show how misunderstood decaf is.  Even someone who has dedicated their entire life to studying coffee had to release a correction.  This actually makes me excited to see more decaf videos.
Thank you for some explaination.  I need to stay with decaf as my anxiety is exaggerated by caffeine, noted by different periods of caff and decaff exposure (yes one does not make a difference but more than one does).  I am looking forward to your forthcoming videos on decaff with interest
Consider making good coffee with the bare minimum of tech and items for small kitchens. I barely can fit the good old kettle, image something like half of these gadgets. It would be incredibly challenging to you to do a good coffee with a electric grinder that is the cheaper ones, a normal kettle, a small coffee machine or then go for a dripper that doesn't take much space. Now a days everybody is focused on having all the things, but we don't have the spaces...
Pretty sure he’s blinking an sos through the whole hostage video
Be interesting to get James’s view on the recent climate proposal by the WEF to limit coffee consumption to 2-3 cups per person- per YEAR!  I guess that would spell the end for the majority of specialty roasters and independent cafes… not to mention growers.
paraxanthine, for those who don’t want caffeine but want it’s benefits
I do appreciate your spending time on decaf coffee and hopefully removing some of the stigma.  I love my coffee and am grateful that some manufacturers are making delicious decaf.  Dark roast decaf is still hard to find, but it's out there.  When I was a young mother and needed to avoid caffeine, my only choice was Sanka. We've come a long way.
Thank you for the update! As a caffeine sensitive person, look forward to every venture into learning about decaf!
I surely will get some decaf beans to enjoy a coffee in the late evening 😊
This is exciting
Glad you made this video. I'm searching for a good decaf coffee ☕. Thanks for sharing this with me.
Cynical thought: You deliberately left this out knowing loads of your viewers would complain, so then you could quickly throw out another little correction video that would get loads of views and clicks. Good way to effectively get twice the revenue from one video idea for no extra actual effort, since you would have known and probably prepared all this together anyway.
This is exactly one of the reasons I follow and watch! Thank you.
I am looking forward to seeing the upcoming series on decaf coffee.  I know its not the main content focus of your channel... but could you do a deep dive on tea? History, varieties, selection, and brewing?  I think there would be significant crossover.  Also ... I'm American. The consensus is apparently that we, as a nation, need help with tea.  Another ask... Bring back Weird Coffee Science! Please?  To your continued success!
Always appreciate the rigor you bring to your analysis of coffee, it's always insightful and fascinating.
All good, bud. We appreciate the clarification.
My espresso shots seem to be faster for similar levels of extraction, but I’ve never tested via TDS. In the grind video, can you cover whether the extraction changes as well for any given grind size? In other words, does the processing mean it extracts faster, the coarser grind size, or that decafs tend to be roasted darker?
Appreciate the corrections but the original video was great!
thank you 🙏🏻 I can’t drink normal coffee but love the taste, so everything about decaf is super valuable
Thanks for this.
Yes, well. Although it's not, nothing is really totally decaf. I would like to hear about the types of coffee with naturally lesser caffeine.
Industry
Fortunately, we have a custom roaster near where I live.  Also, they take decaf seriously and make a very nice roast.  That’s great for coffee drinkers like me.  Using tips and information form James Hoffman’s videos, I’m able to grind and brew this coffee to be absolutely delicious, to me.  Keep up the great content on decaf!
I buy my decaf at Columbiana in Basel Switzerland and it is the best decaf ever. Easy to brew similar as the normal ristretto
The fact that James is so open about making mistakes only makes me love his work more. Thank you for always being so honest and transparent!
thanks Hames.
We forgive you !
I went decaf for at least a year at one point, tried to brew numerous decaf beans (including the coveted, 'Decadent Decaf') and it was an absolute nightmare. I could never tune the grind to get shots that didn't taste rancid. I won't lie, up to this point I thought I/my machine was the cause of my dusty tasting decaf, even though I now brew various caffeinated beans without issue. Thank you for vindicating me xD
Very excited for the factory tours!
Ethics, so seldom seen these days. But refreshing and delicious as a well brewed cup of coffee!! (see what I did there? 😂) Kudos James!
40 years drinking decaf. I will continue to drink decaf.  As I am nit picky, I am  looking for better quality. beans.
I am not even going to be there but just as excited about these factory tours as you are, can't wait!
I’m excited about industrial tours of decaf processes. And good for those companies for being savvy enough to reach out.
Very honourable that you as a Creator have decided to make correction video. Many don’t since they just want to regurgitate as much content as possible.
Absolutely mad respect for how you respond to being alerted about mistakes/criticisms. As a decaf drinker, I really appreciated the original video and I can't wait to see the tours of the various decaffeination processes!
Thanks!
interesting
😮
Good update, thank you. Hoping at some point to get your opinion on best decaf for a decent espresso. We home baristas don’t have the time and resources to scour the globe for the best options.😊
I've never successfully brewed a good cup of decaf. Stopped trying. Using a V60 filter setup.
I decided sleepless nights and double meds were worth a good cup of coffee and ditched decaf. It tastes different in our Jura compared to a coffee shop, even with identical beans.  Invested in Lavazza Super Crema Espresso beans, makes a stunning cup at a restaurant, flavourful, doesn't give me a witch on a broomstick buzz, nor a headache, can drink on an empty stomach so there's not too much acid. We are prepared for it not to be as good in our machine, but dang, the decaf was just sad!
Even caffeine free Coke doesn't taste the same as normal Coke so I think caffeine really does have it's own taste.
I'd like to see a video on blending a good decaf with a complimentary good regular coffee .... WOAH there! before I get yelled at for being a heathen, hear me out .....   Like a lot of other commenters, I struggle with caffeine so decaf is my go to. However, I can still have 'some' caffeine, just a lot less than the amount of coffee I drink. I like to brew a big jug and have several big cups of coffee. I can't do that with a regular coffee, but I can do it with decaf .... .and I'm pretty sure if I made up a jug in the ratio 4:1 or 3:1 that with a blend between regular and decaf coffee, I could cope with that.  What would that taste like? Maybe an abomination? Who knows. I don't. I suspect you don't. I suspect James would probably be willing to abuse his tastebuds to find out 😁
Based in your last video I bought my first pack of decaf. A pretty good one at that. All I can say: It grinds exactly the same as regular (in a Uniform) and brews exactly like regular (in a V60) - it’s among the best coffees I’ve ever had and I thank you for expanding my coffee horizon.
Accepting admitting and moving forward, Brilliant! Love your channel.
Awwww, that's nice! An apology and admitting you got something wrong, then setting the record straight. I like that! How refreshing! Thank You.
I am just entering the world af decaf having come from the decaf is de-coffee camp. I too find it hard to get a good decaf espresso from my Gaggia Classic Pro compared to the usual coffee. My local roaster has only 3 choices: brown, mid-dark and dark, that's it. I don't know if it's my coffee, technique or both but I would like to know more. Thanks for making these videos and I look forward to more on decaf.
Hi James great videos as normal please can you tell me when I can purchase an xbloom coffee machine from. Cheers simon
New JHoff video 🎉 4 minutes long 😢
i didnt realise i needed to ground my decaf at a different setting. I just put up with the taste
Thabks for the update and the openness! I've had to start drinking decaf recently and only just started brewing from fresh beans and let's just say the results haven't been great 😅 it's  so great that the coffee community is more accepting of decaf now. I'm looking forward to the factory tours.
Can't wait for what's in store. Thanks for the consistent level of detail and taking time to admit what was wrong and what needs to be right.
More decaf videos would be great!
I love how this is the extent of a what a "controversy" is on this channel.
This is the best YouTube apology video
So, ZOE has been wrong all this time talking about polyphenols in coffee?
Yes I have a deeply pressing concern….. What is YOUR current favorite decaf brew? I would like to know😮
Decaf coffee ls as useful as a raincoat in the shower
The cas in coffee excellence at the university of Zurich (where Samo teaches) is highly recommended if you want to expand your coffee knowledge! 👌
Saying publicly that "I done messed up, here's why/where/how, here's more accurate info, here's how I'm going to do better going forward" is something not everyone will do, and yet it should be treated as a mark of integrity and respect for the audience.  You'll never see this level of integrity from a corporation or many public entities.
James, only people who do nothing make no mistakes. Admitting and owning up to mistakes shows true greatness!
yes please more decaf content.
When are you going to talk about Turkish(cooked) coffee and Ethiopean coffee, the actual original ways of making coffee?
So excited about these upcoming decaf facilities and process videos!
Awesome followup and decaf is a thing especially when you have problems with high blood pressure etc. like many now a days
I hope you continue to make mistakes. That is part of the process. But appreciate your correcting them!
Really respect this humble and vulnerable position. 🫶
Definitely looking forward to factory tour videos
The lie of omission in order to portray decaf in a positive light is the most egregious
Im super excited for the factory tours, that sounds amazing.
And I hope you have a great day , too!
Thanks for making this video, nicely elaborates on caveats you might not be aware of before jumping in!
Ooh I look forward to the factory tour videos! Sounds fascinating.
Appreciate your committment to accuracy. Since your first video I've been drinking and enjoying decaf a lot more than I used to.
Aces for Mr. Hoffman!
what the heck, i use superfine for normal filter and for decaf i have to grind coarser ... not the other way around
I would love a vid about off-label uses for coffee equipment. Coffee makers are such one-trick ponies -- something many of us try to avoid -- I would love to know some good double-up uses for that gadgetry. Conversely, another fun notion, might be creative ways to make good coffee, without the usual equipment. That doesn't seem as practical, except in the occasional circumstances.
Respect for making things right to the dot! It takes a true genuine human to go back and correct oneself when a mistake is noticed. Stay true Hoffster … we love you!
James, please keep making decaf videos. Almost no publisher one takes decaf seriously, and you're the only person with the tools to measure decaf results. I can't drink any other kind. I'm also interested if you can make a video about other stimulants in coffee that survive the decaf process. Does theobromine survive? No one talks about that. I'm wondering whether some decaf processes are better than others with regard to overall reduction of all stimulants in coffee.
what else could he be wrong about guys
We appreciate your attention to detail.
Thanks
I feel like you alluded to the fact that the decaf process damages the beans well enough, as that was the impression that I came away with after watching that video. I've always found that I just don't like the flavor of decaf because I can taste the caffeine and I kind of want that flavor in my coffee.
You likely won’t convince me to embellish my coffee experience with decaf but I love learning more about coffee and so I’m along for the ride. Very interested to see the different decaffeinating methods. And thank you for being precise. We do need that
Great sign that you're willing to correct your mistakes ❤
Mistakes are allowed, pretending they didn't happen is another thing. I think everyone appreciates the transparency with something that was a relatively minor mistake.
Love the integrity, James!
Since me and my partner went down the rabbit hole of decaf coffee a couple of months ago, I am looking forward so much to the factory videos! Maybe this is the dawn of a new series: decaf coffee?
Could you talk about naturally low-caf coffee varietals, like Laurina and Aramosa? I started home roasting and ordered green Laurina I am still waiting for :)
Thanks for acting like a rational human being who has absolutely 0 issues admiting he was wrong James, a lot of youtubers need to learn from you
Can someone link to the post with the correction?
Awesome about the decaf factory tours! So excited! I found a local roaster that roasts light, medium, and dark roasts. They invite people to watch their roasting process every Thursday and they sell beans by the pound. They had a light medium decaf and because I no longer have a grinder had him grind it for me. He asked how I was going to brew it so he could choose the right grind size. He obviously took many factors into consideration: the fact that it was decaf, light medium roast, and would brew pour over because when I got home I was shocked to see that it was much finer than I thought it should be, but it brewed perfectly. So what you said about grinding decaf finer is my experience as well.
About the brewing: it seems like almost all the decaf out there is dark roasts. The decaf I buy from Henry's, for example, is French Roast. That's going to brew differently from medium roasts, caffeinated or not.  It's true that I, personally, have to grind the decaf French Roast I buy fairly fine.
I did not comment this on the last video (I think) but because you have asked for other things you may have gotten wrong, I do know one. If I am wrong about this I'll correct it, however, toward the beginning of the video you stated all coffee plants make caffeine. This is not really accurate seeing as I believe there are three, but two varieties I know of that produce no caffeine. These have never really been cultivated because there was no real market for non caffeinated coffee until much more recently. So they're not really known, however there is one company that does grow a variety of these trees (again,  that I know of) for commercial production. I do not know if it's available yet, but I do know they began experimenting with these trees a few years ago. I've got some of the info written down somewhere, so I'll go find it and reply to this comment.
Hi James..what research is being done in breeding low or no caffeine coffee plants, either using traditional breeding or via GM technology? That would make a great video.
Would that more YouTube commentators were as calm, reasoned, and interested in getting it right as this.
A++. Loved your decaf video, loved this video, looking forward to more detail to come ❤️
Thanks for the correction, commenting for the algorithm because videos like these are as important as the other fantastic content you put out 🙌
I assume that a lot of home brewers have decaf that has aged and needs to be ground finer because of that while pod manufacturers probably don’t have that problem
I tried decaf for the first time in my life after the former video. I'll probably continue with herbal tea in the evening but the experience was much better than I expected, and now I have options. Thank you!
Well done sir!
A YouTuber who admits their mistakes.  A gem to be treasured!
i farted into a lantern
Chunky cable-knit errata 😂
Decaf pulls really fast as espresso, But slows and stalls in pour over.   I suspect this is because it’s high fines and high solubility. The high solubility allows fast puck erosion in espresso, and the high fines is causing pourover to stall.
It’s very encouraging that you are getting the constructive attention of coffee scientists.  Because most of them are employed or funded by industry, there will always be limits on what they can share, but also because they are employed or funded by industry, they have the time and resources to do work the rest of us can not.  I hope you can build on these relationships.  The prospect of decaffeination plant tours is very intriguing.
Yet another YouTube that confirms my appreciation of your constant quest to produce quality and informative videos.  I am glad to be a patron and look forward additional videos on decaf.  Thank you and your staff.
The Hydraulic press channel got a new 300ton heated press, and he wants to make EsPresso.... can you go help him make .... something.. with coffee beans?
I find it sad that a whole, all too rare, video has been spent answering all the “Akshually” pedants.  Too bad really.
Thank you for the update, I look forward to more exploration of decaf. Even if you were not perfect the first time around, your video opened up another aspect of coffee to me. Since your first video I purchased some decaf from my favorite brand and I have been enjoying it. I haven't played with my grind settings yet, just used what works for both of the other coffees I drink daily, and it was delicious.
Can you cover the world of "low caf" laurina coffee? I got my caffeine sensitive mother a bag even though it was quite expensive but it was a perfect level for my mother. It seems like there is a very specific growing condition for these coffee plants which makes it particularly rare but i couldn't find many reputable resources on Laurina and roasters don't seem to source them
People do need to wakeup to decaf....oh wait😅
James DID NOT drink decaf before recording this video
As someone who can no longer have caffeine, I’m so happy to see decaf content on your channel. I still love coffee and look forward to seeing your segments on the decaf process.
The humility involved in the way you address those mistakes is what coffe lovers and/or professionals love about your work. Thank you for your videos and for all effort, James. Regards from Chile!
I guess I got lucky being a home barista since october 2023, to get the dial in right the first time when I ordered decaf early this month. Got all the note breakdown although my coffee machine being 100£.
My decaf smells dark roasted... Looks dark roasted... Tastes dark roasted. I hear everywhere that it's supposed to look darker even though it isn't dark roasted. But everything screams 'dark roast' to me, and that's not my thing. The best decaf brews I get is by extremely lowering temperature, grinding way way coarser and reducing steep times. Like, do everything I can to reduce extraction. So, am I then getting anything from the coffee that's still worth it for specialty coffee?
You and your team are an oasis of refreshing coffee in a desert of youtube garbage content. Honesty and integrity should be paramount with all channels as it is here. Kudos to you.
When someone says they like coffee but only drink decaf, I hear 'I like Italian food but only eat boxed mac&cheese'.
I went back and checked the original video and didn't see an update in the description about the existence of this corrective video. That could be useful for people who find that video in the future.
This is how a true professional handles feedback, with grace.
I loved the original and value the correction.  Brewing is very hard to get right and it’s hard to find information.  The original helped me get it closer to correct.  Can’t wait for more decaf content.  Seems to be a great  opportunity for deeper info.
This is a good video as it shows your content can be trusted.  If only all youtubers aspired to your standards.
I'll watch it and watched the original video. But decaf is not for me, and yes i like my coffeinated coffee, and live with irritated sleep or no coffee after 2-4pm..
To be completely frank, I don't believe the errors and omissions you have laid out in this video have taken away from the video they took place in. If there was an error that would have skewed the conclusion (the conclusion being "decaf is worth trying despite your pre-existing biases" in my opinion), I would have made this video. Given that is not the case, in my uninformed third-party opinion, this video is unneeded.
As always, thanks for the details and your thorough approach to the world of coffee.
Interesting: The EU regulates that there needs to be no more than 0.3% of caffeine to be considered decaf.
Wonderful! This level of integrity deserves at least two thumbs up so I've scattered some in the comments too.
Anyone else find that sifting their decaf vastly improves brew consistency and flavor? If I try a remotely “normal” grind for pour over/aeropress my filters clog immediately and the brew stalls. Even if I open the grind waaaaay up I get stalled out. I thought I had to give up on pour overs altogether until I started sifting (I’m using a 1zpresso JX-pro grinder).
I'm currently using Super U own branded cheap decaf, it's okish. I bought some Lavazza decaf that a couple of years ago that was cheap as it was going out of date, not sure freeze dried coffee can go out of date... The Lavazza was excellent!  BTW, is it possible for those freeze dried silver packets to expire?
Video idea: take the same batch of green beans, decaffeinate half of it, roast both and brew both. Compare grinding, brewing, and flavour profiles.
The only acceptable and perfect YouTube apology video
I don't think he had decaf before shooting this video, judging by the rate of words per minute 😉
Good to know there's a darker side to decaf...
I wish I could get something wrong in one of my videos and have companies reach out to me! That is extraordinary cool!
This was a great follow-up to a genuinely informative video.  I've always kind of avoided decaf, mostly out of not having a need to investigate it further, since I'm fortunate enough to be able to drink coffee well into the night with no adverse effects.  I know the point of the last video and this video wasn't to pick a best method, but I think it would be informative and dare I say, fun to see a comparison of how each method of decaffeination brews and tastes; ultimately exploring which method yields the best decaffeinated coffee at home, with the least amount of faff.  Also, of course, thanks for putting out consistently delightful and informative coffee videos!
My experience with grinding decaf was also mostly positive. It grinds differently, but not outside of what I'd consider the normal variation between different coffees, roasts and levels of freshness. But I mostly buy one kind of decaf from my local roaster so I don't exactly have a lot of data points.
Yes, thank you.  I drink Swiss Water decaf about 20% of the time.  I am really hoping to perfect my decaf brewing.  Cheers!
common James Hoffman W. As a half-caf drinker, I'm looking forward to more decaf videos! I just got into coffee a few years ago and love it, but I want to enjoy it without making my brain buzzy every time and developing a reliance on caffeine.
What we should rly ask is: is a month ago rly “recent”??
The problem is that pretty much all specialty coffee roasters around the world only offer 1-2 decaf options in their menu (and maybe another 1 half-calf at best), and most of these beans are much less interesting in terms of flavors/qualities. Roasters also often feature the same kinds of decaf beans every year from the same farm/origin since there aren't many specialty producers who make decaf beans. Unless there is a huge wave of decaf that can revolutionize the process, I don't see decaf beans becoming a major thing in the coffee world, just like how dealcoholized/non-alcohol wines won't be a main player in the industry. For wine, the dealcoholization process doesn't really affect the quality of wines, but alcohol itself plays a big role in terms of body, texture, perception of acidity/sweetness, etc. That's why wine people don't look for dealcoholized wines even though we all know that alcohol is bad for health. For coffee, if the decaffeination process affects the quality of beans/roasting in any way, no producers will take the risk of decaffeinating their high-quality beans. We will perhaps never see decaffeinated Panama Gesha beans, for example.
I feel deceived now by your previous video. Anyway, what biscuits are best with coffee?
3:37 - it's one of those "all polyphenols are phenolic acids, not all phenolic acids are polyphenols". Chlorogenic acids are interesting in that they literally are not polyphenols (they only have one phenolic moeity or group), but chemically and metabolically they "hang out" with polyphenols, so for historic reasons, they often get lumped in with polyphenols.   Then you get into the even messier "are flavonoids polyphenols?" They comprise multiple phenols, but some scientists only consider the class of polyphenols with >12 phenolic hydroxides and 500-4000Da molecular weight.  Actually I'm not even positive polyphenols are always phenolic acids  (that would require proving a negative and I aint got time for that). All the ones I can think of are. Biochemistry is messy.
I wish you were able to name this video. I've learned a lot more about the decaf process and I'm excited about the things that's coming up. It's too bad that you had to call it an apology video. Your stuff's awesome.
this is the closest thing to an apology video this lovely gentleman and his team will ever put out ☕️  caff > dcaf for me all the way❤
This is the best way to issue corrections. A quick, short, descriptive video explaining the corrected information.
Could you cover bearable decaf brands? (please sacrifice your taste buds for us!)
Nicely done! Cheers.
Thank you for being serious about journalistic integrity. So many channels would add a "corrections" at the bottom of the description in a video.
It’s a real shame that 99% of the other YouTube posters don’t hold themselves to this level of honesty, accuracy and self-scrutiny.
Who exactly is "We"?
This is amazing!! Keep them coming!
This is why I love watching your content.
I love decaf for those late night latte craves. One really useful tip from a barista friend was to thoroughly stir and mix the espresso shot before pouring the milk and trying latte art. I could not for the life of me get anything decent before that and just stirring it up a lot was a game changer for my latte art practicing. Cheers James for the corrections :)
More videos from James Hoffmann are always welcome and a blessing.
Gasp
Looking forward to more decaf content.
Thank you for the update James - are we able to see all of Dr Smrke's corrections anywhere?
The level at which you care about transparency and information is just outstanding and amazing. I truly admire you for it, and hopefully it affects just a little part of the world. Stay strong!
Since the decaf process is damaging to the coffee beans I feel like there’s a huge opportunity for someone to genetically modify or selectively breed a coffee bean plant to naturally have less caffeine if this is even possible. Then there would be no decaffeinating process needed that would damage the beans.
Awesome that we're finally getting more decaf stuff
I am currently drink the Square Mile Decaf filter (I use for espresso). I’m very impressed. I brew this in the same way that I brew caffeinated espresso. I will try the decaf espresso next order. I’d like to see more variety and diversity of decaf coffees offered…
Love the honesty and that this kind of thing can be as enjoyable as the original.
So excited for the factory tours!!
I found a wonderful Decaf from Columbia — and am enjoying it around the clock ;-)
I can't wait to see your next decaf videos!  I just recovered from covid and it attacked my heart, so I have had to switch to decaf.  I still love my coffee and I really want to learn as much as I can from someone who I can trust to do the right thing!
seems like the question to ask at this point: is the need for finer grinds at home, vs coarser preference commercially, a consequence of most home machines being 15 bar? is decaf the case that really challenges our ability to compensate grind and grams for higher than optimal pressure?
I've actually found my decaf coffee stronger tasting than a lot of my caffeinated coffee and I've had to change my ratio for them. I suppose that ties in with what James says about not being able to separate the roasting and decaffeination process as a consumer.
Your suggestions on optimising the V60 method for decaf would be welcome here. I currently use Union Roasted in the UK.
I love highly detailed content you have always strived to provide. Quite frankly, didn't watch the decaf video due to me just not liking the taste of it and it serves me purpose. But! I appreciate it. never expected Coffee-Tube to experience a LinusTechTips moment, but anything for fussiness.
More decaf content! Which machine/apparatus brews decaf best?
Very well done. It’s not easy to apologise but all credit to you for having the courage and humility to do so. Your honesty and integrity is part of what makes your channel so successful. Keep up the great work!😊
An good outcome from getting things wrong. :D
Roasted some decaf after that video on my link sample roaster and it was sensational.  Best I’ve ever had by far.  I feel I have hacked life.  I can tell you I roasted an Ethiopian Guji select water decaf from royal coffee.   Natural processed mountain water decaf method.   On the link I did a filter coffee A with profile 203 at 18.7% roast development.  Which is far beyond the recommended number in the app.  I wanted to get 1 minute of roasting after the first crack lol.   The temp profile is from 203 to 214 with the high dev percentage. Took 8 minutes and 2 seconds for the 100 grams.   The grind was no different than other Ethiopian natural coffees I’ve roasted.  Dripped the same rate and all that out of my Chemex.  It has a lot of fruit flavor and sure it’s maybe not as pronounced but it’s still there! Banana and peaches with a clementine acidity and a maple sweetness.  Can’t believe I can drink that and go to sleep 😂
Applaud the integrity!
hello!  2min into the video i realised it was only 4m long...  i was dissapointed, but leaving off with 3 tours to look forward to definitely makes up for it!  Sometimes a mistake leads to learning many new things, its not always a negative thing :D
Funny. I roast my own with an air popper type machine. Now that you mention it, I do settle on 10%-20% finer grind setting for my decaf than my regular coffee. All beans sourced from the same packager on Amazon. Since I don't grind more than one regular and one decaf at a time, I just thought that was bean variation, not thinking it might be process variation. So your observation is interesting and helpful.  And then, to put it all in perspective. My coffee tuning is on hold because my grouphead gasket doesn't seat my new bottomless portafilter tightly enough. There is so much that has to be right before we get to the grind settings of decaf.
Kudos for the corrections and clarifying!
Glad you’re going into depth about decaf so we can learn from others trial and error.
Looking forward to video about the decaf factories.
Thank you for being so honest. I respect that immensely. We are all human. We are all wiser when we work together and learn. Keep up the great work! I feel that you and your whole team are doing great.
fussy and nitpicky, as if we don't know you lol. You've always been fussy and nitpicky <3
Now he addressed the decaf errors James will be able to sleep properly again.
Thank you for your work.
LOVE YOU MAN!
The only thing that feels a bit off about this is that throughout the video you say "we got it wrong" several times, but never "I got it wrong" (beyond the video title). I understand that there are multiple people behind this channel, but ultimately it feels a little like deflecting the blame in a channel  that carries your name alone.
Thank you for the follow up! Loved the other decaf video as well. I've pretty much given up on most caffeine for health reasons so decaf is all I got. Can't wait to see the in-depth videos on the different decaf processes. That sounds awesome!
Video was 4:35 longer than I expected it to be.
Honestly, what I'm missing is decaf recipes. To me decaf tastes like a completely different product and I'm unsure yet how to prepare it to get the best experience out of beans.
Not sure I agree that the process is damaging. It is for sure altering. But as we have many processes in food that are quite harsh to the original product we really enjoy the end result. If you prefer decaf more than caffinated has the process then been damaging?? Whisky is quite allot better than barley grains (IMO) and it has been germinating, fermenting, billed and stored for years.
Been trying and drinking way more Decaf since the last video. Keep it up - great to learn about new things.
Quick question, is the baratza encore still the best for home coffee grinder in 2024? Like cost vs utility? Super excited for more decaf content
Barriers of entry for decaf drinkers are high, 1) stigma 2) limited brewing info specifically for decaf (it brews differently, in my limited experience, but limited experience is where we start). 3) availability of specialty decaf (most local roasters make decaf to appeal to dark roast coffee drinkers, finding anything else is difficult, requires postage costs etc) 4) freshness issues exacerbating the problems ... a lot of this leads to offputting experience... but decaf is all we have.
I love seeing correction videos, it's nice to get a fuller picture. YouTube should really have a feature to attach corrections to a video. I get the argument for not allowing wholesale replacement, but it'd be entirely viable to offer room for corrections in a way that was integrated more tightly with the original video, but I guess that's not how YouTube wants people to engage, just watch what the algorithm feeds you I guess.
As a decaf drinking I'm super excited for the decaf production tours! I'll be keeping and eye out for those videos!
Looking forward to the Hames Joffman video that is just a 12 hour loop edit saying "DECAF IS BAD," maybe with some pitch shifting.
Would be interesting for you to post the email he sent you.  To understand the detail of his updates
goat.
It’s no surprise to any follower of this channel that the production of coffee, with the final goal of producing tasty beverages, is a complex process.  Every step is complex, from the evolution of coffee plants right down to the cup ready to drink.  There is a huge amount of lore and tradition around many aspects of coffee production, much of it incomplete and/or inaccurate.  To pierce the veil of lore and tradition in order to bring true knowledge requires dedication to accuracy.  So, yes the distinction between phenolic and polyphenolic compounds matters.  It may not loom as the most important detail for consumers at this time, but when the goal is knowledge, every bit of added precision is a win.  There is no bad knowledge.  Keep up the good work, James.
It's always great to see when people admit errors. Can't wait for the decaf tours!
Corrections aside, the video succeeded in its original goal: it got me interested in decaf
Super excited for those tours. On-location examination provides a lot of context to presented information.
James, thanks for the update to the Decaf series. Would you be willing to take a few different decafs with variation in roast levels and brew them on different types of espresso to discover and demonstrate the challenges the more consumer side of the market experience?
I'm hoping there will be more de-caf related stuff.  While I am getting a  tasty and very drinkable shot,  I'm not really satisfied with the roundness of the flavor.  It's missing some bitterness or something.
Fantastic response James and team, looking forward to the future videos on this topic.
Yay for the factory tours!
Thanks for this James, appreciate your transparency and willingness to be accurate. For those of you who are interested, I did a video on 5 tips for brewing better (filter) decaf coffee on my channel, which dives more into how decaf brews differently.
I think keeping the process explanations to the basics was totally fine for the basic decaf video, but very interested to hear more about the in-depth science behind some of the processes in those factory tours!
VERY excited about the 3 decaf method tours
My experience with Decaf. Preground, is coarser than normal "filter" and still can clog the brewer. Espresso, needs to be very fine grind, a dark roast espresso decaf, require as fine grind as a high altitude Ethiopian light roast. So in my opinion decaf is harder to extract to correct levels. You also notice big difference in the density, and also in the sound of the grinder, decaf tend to grind very silent.
Kudos to James for having this level of accountability and for his thrive for excellence, on a level that even the companies that manufacture these products don't have
And this is why we love your channel! Thank you so much for making the coffee nerd community so much brighter and more informed!
As a decaf drinker, medically required, these few videos have been nice. I've had a similar experience in having to grind a bit finer to get best results, but only a tiny bit finer. Can not wait for the process plant video(s)!
Personally speaking, people who enjoy Decaf, they're not quite Right-n-the Head.. Personally speaking.. But,,,, I might be bias... It's my understanding, if you're gonna drink Decaf, instant Decaf is best.. Because the Freeze-drying process, removes  any an all Caffeine from the Granular ... Even from regular Caffeinated instant coffee,  the  Freeze-drying removes some of the caffeine  from the granular.. If you're gonna drink Decaf, might as well, drink the right stuff..??? I guess..?? AGAIN not quite right in the head ya ask me..
In Hell they serve decaf, light beer, and pineapple on pizza!
As a decaf drinker I’m so glad you are focussing on decaf and it’s amazing to see you talking about this and making these amendments and addenda is a huge part of why we are all here 😊
Since I don't drink my coffee black, I perceived no difference between caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee.  I switched to decaffeinated coffee because the caffeine in the coffee was increasing my blood sugar by between 30 and 50 points as shown by testing with my blood meter 60 minutes after having a cup of caffeinated coffee and then having a cup of decaffeinated coffee.   It was kind of disappointing when I found out that green tea has about half as much caffeine as coffee. Because I had switched over to green tea. Now I'm back with mostly decaffeinated coffee.  I say mostly because I couldn't bring myself to throw out my leftover caffeinated coffee, so I'm cutting it about 8 to 1.
Fussy is good 👌🏻🥽🥼🔎
thank you for the corrections, i really appreciate the dedication to high standards and clarity of information and sources of information.
Need a video on how to better roast decaf. My decaf beans are swp and never seem to reach their potential.  Mostly roasting decaf for espresso.
Thanks, and looking forward to the factory tours!
Thanks for the correction video much respect 💯👍😎
Well, gosh, I wondered, based on my (in-the-past) experience of home roasting (off and on for about a decade). It makes the beans....strange. My fave local roaster (Brio) *anguishes* about their decaf. Which is why they are so good.
Well this is exactly why I subscribe 😆 looking forward to the factory tour!
As a coffee nerd and former academic I love how you dealt with this! Yeah I think more people should admit where they made mistakes. Absolutely love this video and all of your content!
It brews like normal coffee for me as well
Thank you! Since I recently had to switch to decaf because of some medication I need to take, I am very very grateful for every video you make about it. Even more so in times where it's becoming harder to trust online sources and search engines by the day.
I was wondering if anyone out there has actually explored genetic manipulation of the plant itself to make it less caffeinated, seems to me like a reasonable  possibility, no?
Environment impact …
I am all for making corrections but this Dr. Samo Smrke sounds like the biggest nerd on the planet.
Thanks for the update.  The whole reason I got hooked on you channel is the detail. Always keep in mind caffeine's food category if "flavor enhancer".
Appreciate the transparency and definitely appreciate bringing the positives of decaf to light.
You're doing good work if your correction video has to get this nerdy. Looking forward to the factory tours!
How lovely it is that this channel brings together passionate people with friendly intentions from around the world for us all to learn more and understand better. ❤
Really interesting in learning more about decaf and I hope it gains more popularity so roasters put more effort in creating interesting decafs!  I love making a good coffee in the evening without worrying about having trouble getting to sleep.
We got a bunch of things wrong, but we're not going to talk about the details of any of them or say what they were. We also used the wrong word, but we're not going to say what the right word was. Now, consider everything corrected and move on. 😂
Since you like to address your mistakes, and course correct, why don't you tell us, Mr Hoffmann, where you stand on the issue of israel?
The fastest way to the truth is by being publicly and sincerely wrong
Is alcohol an acid?  Reason why I like this channel as not a coffee drinker is because it makes me think and question stuff but is above all, an honest as possible channel! Well done!
I follow your channel for just this level of commitment.  Is there a way to pull the first video, when you are ready with a more complete one so not to confuse people? Looking forward to the decaf roasting tours.  Thank you
Yes, it is indeed true that we need to hold ourselves to using the proper words, Mr. Electroclump ;)
Don't be rational about decaf. It's evil. Over my dead body, etc. etc.
Am I the only one who misses the Annotations feature that YT removed in their infinite wisdom a couple of years ago?
That is so cool that you're going to be able to see the decaffeination process :D You're so cool James
Hey James, Just wanted to say that I imagine it can be hard to make a video for the entire world to see saying that what you previously said is incorrect and misinformation. I just wanted to say that as someone in the scientific field with many degrees & currently working on their doctorate, it makes me very happy to see posts like these. I am not saying that being wrong is a good thing; rather, just that in today’s culture, sadly, almost no one takes the time to correct themselves when they are wrong. Most people, and indeed myself, understand that you and your team are human and will make mistakes. It makes us feel good that when you are informed of such mistakes, we can trust you to correct them!
James Hoffmann  - Hi !  I'm very happy to watch Your new episodes = and that , that You always trying to give as much as possible details and correct them , if making any mistakes = that is only a proof of Your high -PRO attitude !  Therefore I can say , that : I consider Your work as professional ! All best and thank You for good , useful content ! Regards PJ !
This is why I love scientific communities like this because an essay that essentially boils down to "You're wrong" is accepted, appreciated, and celebrated instead of leading to petty online fights. The more information we know, the better, thanks for putting this video out to continue the knowledge that's out there about decaf!
Super excited for the decaf tours! I'm transitioning away from caffeinated drinks to reduce general anxiety, so I'd love to learn more about how decaf works to get the best out of those cups.
I really did enjoy the other decaf video. I'd been interested to try decaf after realising how late in the day I was consuming coffee and the video inspired me to go out to one of my local roasters and pick up one of their decaf offerings. Thankfully the brewing process was very forgiving and the result still tasted really good. Highly recommend people shop local as you can get some fresh and interesting options 😊
Thank you for clarifying and your corrections. I’m experiencing decaf more often and your videos have been very useful
Humble and gracious as always 😊
I was once told my a chemist "If you are going to speak Chemistry, you better speak it well. Otherwise, people die." He was not wrong.
I recently learned that there's lots of different kinds of soy sauce. Some soy sauces are so sweet that they could be used as sugar replacements. So I'm wondering—does any particular sweet soy sauce pair well as a coffee sweetener?
Interesting. I grind my decaff beans at exactly the same fineness as full fat beans. Both give good shots. Looking forward to learning more about the different processes.
Decaf have a very strong future in my opinion. There's so many negative effect on caffeine. More and more people can't handle caffeine and can't drink more 1 coffee a day
Corrections and andendums are exactly what a make a great enthusiast channel.
Yet another demonstration of how deserving you, James, are of the respect you have garnered from your audience—myself included.  Looking forward to the decaf tours!
Enjoy both videos, immensely.
1:36 -- "brewing" decaf is easy -- just take a spoonful out of jar, put it in a cup and add hot water -- DONE
I've recently returned to home espresso after a long spell with just a moka pot (which I've learned from James I was using very wrongly, hey ho) and I found the decaf video really interesting because as a side effect of cancer treatment I seem to have become extremely sensitive to caffeine.   I'm therefore going through the triple challenge of relearning espresso brewing, learning about all the things that have been invented since I was last paying attention (WDT tools, levellers, puck screens, weighing to 0.1g etc etc etc) AND getting to grips with decaf.  It's been great fun, much to the bemusement of my non-coffee-drinking wife, but I'm still not very happy with the shots I'm pulling, so I'm really keen to hear more about decaf and especially decaf brewing techniques.  Props for the corrections. It's a sign of a true seeker and propagator of knowledge to admit and correct your mistakes.
So, decaf-specific burr upgrade kits?
No harm, no foul. We are just glad you are making more videos.
You made some errors and are getting at least 4 video topics out of it. Sounds like we're supposed to make occasional errors so we can hone our journey's path.
So with all due respect to the critical writer, I think that is all apparent to everyone of your viewers. We also are not coffee noobs.  Obviously it changes the beans. Obviously it is going to be different to brew.  Editorial decisions have to be made; this is generally a 7 to 15 minute video channel. We don’t usually do a 45 minute dissertations, and that is a perfectly fine and excellent editorial decision 🤷🏻‍♂️👌🏽
Thanks for the detailed correction James.  Would love to see an interview with Samo in the future!
Nice and transparent. Thank you. Also, science is no small thing to shrug off so keep it up.
It is nice that you went back and added the correction information to the decaf video, with it below the fold, not as many people are going to notice it on both desktop and mobile. Perhaps a pinned comment might be helpful in showing greater transparency. Otherwise love the work and the channel, all of you put a lot of love and effort into it and it shows! :D
Admitting errors and addressing them is absolutely the right thing to do.  As a scientist in industry, I and my peers (should) hold ourselves to high standards but mistakes do get made.    It happens and there's a temptation to continually berate ourselves over it.    Providing there are no serious outcomes from that error then it's a learning experience, we correct and we move on, hopefully improved.  There were no serious outcomes here.  Thank you (and the team) for these videos.
Can't wait for the decaf tours...! Thank you!
While i have completly stopped being a negative johnny about decaf and decaf drinkers, i just dont like it. I tried it. Doesnt feel right. But i have decaf now at home for decaf guests!
Cool update! I'm drinking your SquareMile decaf often. Had it in vacuum for months and is still good. Filters much slower than regular coffee at same grind, and is very enjoyable in the evening.
it was still a great video. I've been wanting to get into decaf so i could drink more coffee in the day, but I didn't feel like I knew enough to make an informed purchase and the video certainly helped with that.
Hoping Hames comes back to remix this
Literally just sitting here with a cup of filter decaf (Moccamaster Select if any one cares) and up pops James with a decaf segment.........Noice!
Thanks 🤗☕️
I have just started the journey of trying decaf coffee myself and I also found out that I have to grind the beans finer and also it seems the coffee flower has less volume in the filter ... I only have tried one sort of bean, but a friend of mine had the same experience.
Oh boy. Deeper rabbit hole ahead…
Indeed finding the right grind level has been very challenging and I am using your Decafe beans James and your ultimate French press technique. It’s coming out very acidic rather than sweet.
I've actually found myself drinking more decaf since watching your video. Keep up the great work!
Thanks for doing this. I was also confused by how upbeat the decaf video was given that despite enjoying thousands of caffinated espressos at home I've never been able to pull a good decaf shot!
I don't give a shit about decaf  but your video on it was interesting, fun,  and educational  please keep these informative sessions coming
Fussy and nitpicky about coffee is exactly why I'm here. Please don't stop being both.
I’m curious if the sugarcane process can make the coffee taste sweeter. All the sugarcane processed coffees I’ve tried taste really sweet like someone added a tsp of sugar to my coffee (different brew methods like aeropress and v60 tried).
On decaf of all un-caffeinated drinkers, thank you :D
Hey James great job on THIS video, too! I always love your content.
James leading the way in terms of transparency and leading by example when it comes to knowledge sharing on coffee. James you are a man of class.
I literally checked your channel half an hour ago in case I'd missed a new video XD. My spidey senses were on point!
Very interesting, James! I've always been interested in decaf (because I love coffee but don't enjoy caffeine) but never knew enough about it to trust just my usual aeropress brew method for decaf as much as caf - cool stuff!
Appreciate the follow up, whilst not "Essential", it's great to follow up on things that were missed and it's something alot of other Media don't bother with!
Updates are good! Thanks for the update
Maybe link this video on that video as well?
Thx 4 the update!
Never been so early
Yay, new vid.
