Why did I get a poppies ad
They’re actually is a match three game which the ads kind of don’t lie it’s called Royal Kingdom basically tells you that there are many like puzzles that you have to complete and you might think that’s false, but it kind of really isn’t because every fifth level you have to beat some sort ofspecial level where you kind of still have to use the match three logic but the goal is to defeat all the enemies
Before I saw the video I saw a fnaf can never exscape
"power players" = toddlers
Evony in the ads is worse than the actual evony game for some reason
They need to remake this video because of the newer stuff that is out because these days they show up just making fun of actual good games saying that they’re better when a lot of them are not hick some of them are genuinely stealing clips from other games which I still can’t believe they have the guts to do and it’s not even a video games anymore other apps are doing it for instance the AI ones they are straight up stealing videos from Sierra or whatever it’s called AI
‏‪2:45‬‏ how good is it?
The only reason I click on the ads is to laugh at all the horrible reviews
As one man once said "the reason of humanity's extinction will likely be themselves"-me it was me.
Can someone explain?
Cygames mentioned😁
EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!
matpat i think your misleading unless its been unbanned cuz i have gardenscapes and homescapes and i live in scotland
HELLO INTERNET, WELCOME TO GAME THEORY, THE SHOW THAT WILL ABUSE A MAGNIFYING GLASS FOR RESEARCH
I love how the vid is about misleading ads, but this video’s thumbnail makes you think it’s about the scenarios in the games. 😂
4:41 Wow, cygames sure did switch directions in a hurry from project awakening when the game look amazing to Umamusume pretty derby where you train horse girls and they perform concerts.
DONT be dissing Homescapes. It’s a great game. It’s better than gardenscapes because you do the garden and the house. Though, the adds do suck.
0:46  now that is epic
I love how matt and the channel itself has been using the exact same stock images for years
ANOBTATHIN? What is that? I don’t even know how to spell that I don’t know.
my mom playes gardenscapes for like years, and is on level 983K or smth
0:41 EPIC fail
i have never seen an ad that i usually play in my lifetime
7:29 IT'S BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGGG
I remembered YouTube annotations
8:44 "GAH!! that whale... The place where all evil spouts.. " GO MY FELLOW PMOON FANS, GOOOO!!
4 years later and unfortunately still relevant
Not all mobile game ads are a lie I mean look at nekki they created the best mobile game that honestly better than some pc games
you could describe everything with one single word... You know like  bubble tea... EPIC Tesla... EPIC Fried chicken... EPIC
1:59 It reminds me of that game that became infamous for its misleading TikTok ads—so much so that another developer created the actual game shown in those ads and started promoting their version as the real deal.
Poor guy
EPIC EPIC EPIC🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
"you see that dam is starting to have cracks? EPIC"
it cant be legal when theres ads for kids that are very uhh, how do i say it, Yeah! Suggestive content
I HATE THOSE DUMB HANDS THAT DONT KNOW SHYT
I feel like you just downloaded a mobile app and got scamed
I never fall for games like those. But I did see this one game that promised that I would do like this little mini game in the start but instead I just choose my character trait and I was actually happy with the entire game.
8:03 I just got a add for a model game that as a cursor
I hate when a game lets you try it out and you play a fake game even though they created the game to put you in
I use a ad to not play the game
My mom Plays gardenscapes
Yeah and those Homescapes ads are freaking clickbait
EPICCC!!!!!
This video was  *EPIC*
Why didn’t they just like have a team for just misleading gods, I feel like that would be better for the community. It would be a much smaller team, but a team no less
I'm sleepy goodnight s..stay s..strong goodnight
Okay, Homescapes and gardenscapes are still good games. Sure, the ads are not real, but the actual content is better.
The intro bit remindes me of that my knight and me promo and yeah if u dont know what i mean look it up :]
Can someone tell me how annoying these ads are (I'm a YouTube premium user)
Bruh, the Minecraft update trailer is nothing like the game! R U SAYING MINECRAFT IS ILLEGAL!!!?
What is the name of your address
10%10
The advertisers started sneaking in tiny "Not related to the actual game" text
Dude, I got a misleading ad while watching this video. I am not joking.
0:01 we just started and my EPIC THE MUSICAL SENSES ARE TiNgLiNg
Homescapes got an update
He didnt pull you out because he had a personal anger towards you, Anakin.
see that nuke? EPPPIIICCCCC!!!
The Pheonix Wright reference made my day!
The emblem  for the FTC looks shady
Some ads post corn hub
8:00 I got one of those adds cookie run kingdom one
3:58 thanks, just bought it! cant wait to try it out.
the very first link they put in just says   Invalid Dynamic Link Requested URL must be a parseable URI, but possibly incomplete to be a DynamicLink.  If you are the developer of this app, ensure that your Dynamic Links domain is correctly configured and that the path component of this URL is valid.
I have seen adds stealing for content creators specifically I’ve seen a ad with LaurenZside short in it and I have no idea if It had consent or not it just makes me sad….
THIS VIDEO IS EPIC🎉
I already deeled with those 100000 times
This video shows why I hate mobile games
Remember, if you want to see the actual game looks like, go to the download screen and scroll down to the pictures.
I’ve literally just got an ad exactly like that right now 1:27
He has my vote
10:19 the only comment i have on that, is sometimes there is spyware baked into the app, or worse, malware
Do Trainz please 🙏🏼 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
12:42 Don’t you mean “prosecuted”?
Once I saw a mobile game ad that stole gameplay footage from the pond area from grounded
Sometimes I wanna buy one of these games just to see how easy/bad it is
My ads be like and this is real their advertising a game called off-road revolution they just show videos of Forza horizon five and snow Runner
okay but why did i hear GO GO POWER RANGERS 0:48
what
I love how Cookie run kingdom literally is the opposite. The game is better then the adds
Right as you showed the AD I got a AD
To be honest this is a whole entire ad itself (not a hate comment)
Thank god I’m in the UK
11:46 he showed his card
I bet that the mobile games companies has a class for making a company bankrupt classes
The new version has way more mini games now and they give you stars
0:09 Biological warfare.
"Humanity is just the worst to itself..."  --- **tears up** Too true.. too true..
me who clicks the >> symbol the download button still popping up:
Has anyone noticed that Mat-pat is basically a simulation because in the intro it shows it centering into a computer screen.
I’ll stick with old school 32 bit games that I can play on my old iPad without ads or the need for Wi-Fi
Like this
I miss matt patt
Only og game theory fans can like this comment
0:08 "meow" got me >:3
My cat is offended now. Thanks
7:04 that's what annotations are?
My father is at lvl 7943
who is form 2025😔😔
fun fact. my aunt plays gardenscapes and she’s at level 6000+ and she’s NEVER gotten the mini games
The era of game theory that had this intro is peak gt 👌👌
I AM SOOOOO HAPPY TO HEAR THAT THEME SONG
This happens with kids games example: prodigy I love it but three types of premium????I mean I think they discounted it but  15.00 dollars a month?!?!?
EPIC
It's annoying when ADS click bait you so I'm was happy when I saw this
you know royal match? My dad hit lvl 10k and u dont he got one of those minigames
1:31 I’m Gonna Go Bleach My Eyes Out Now Bye 😊
Pls expose giggle land
0:54 steeve
MATPAT! STOP WITH EVILUTION JUNK! IT'S NOT TRUE!
The musical?
i just see them every day at leas my iPad id not apple
1:23 I was zoned out and I tried to click on an “Skip Ad” button
This is the good stuff, not the new stuff of the theory
hi
Fake pokmon game stealing pokmon and clips pokmon games
gotten worse in 2023
Project awakening look so similar to monster hunter it's a game on steam that costs you a lot of money but still it's like really really good Especially with like monster hunter world!!!!!!
They make their AI so dumb🤪
You made edd Crouse sad- now you will pay...
The Add with the Fard at the beginning 😂😂
Who got one of these ads will watching this video
EEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCC
fun fact: there is the chance that after you watch ad, the game pop up, and you see the requirements of what to do according to creator, but when you tap anything, it sends you to either app store or play market to download their app.
Who gets an ad for royal king or something like that
Bro can find Even the lore my  underwear
Epic intro 💅💅💅💅
😁🙄
Please do a theory on the mobile game call “That level again”
do lilys gradin
Hey game theory , I’m  a huge fan of you.
Sick inso🎉
7:07 Tom, is that you?
I have it premium  so I don't see ads
That happened to me with ‘Project Makeover’. It wasn’t like the ads. But, still fun.
I was playing a mobile game with my little brother years back and a thirsty advertisement played I was like 😐 my little bro was like 👀🧐  It was was kinda a awkward situation, like Imagine playing with your little bro and a ad pops up the only think blocking to see the game women fully is a peice of block. Idk does YT accepts anything if advertisement company pay them
We all know the secret reason this episode actually happened is because MatPat raged and quit a mobile game
epic
It's worse now. Some adds in games have figured out how to automatically download games to my phone without my consent.
They are unfathomable
I love the game theory
I just got ALL THE "YOU PHONE HAVE A VIRUS INSTALL NOW TO DELETE THE VIRUS" ADS
I just noticed that there is springtrap bobblehead
I have Gardenscapes and Homescapes
Some ads just slap there logo in an another ad
"lazy game productions,good enough games,meh media"💀
My mom I at 7934
Dogs are NOT stronger then cats!
Nah its ok bc i have 50m power
On my phone there's ads that if you accidentally click you start installing the game
I hate those ads that aren’t even game related, but they have so much inappropriate things, it’s so funny at this point 😂.
I like Gardenscapes, And Homescapes and I like it and made And Look up Allen in The friend in Homescapes
Normal add epic the game  candy crush copy
i agree those ads suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuk
i think the worst is EVONY
The constant adds for premium what more could you want
the most messed up ad i've seen is for a news app. basically the actors say stuff like "OMG THERE'S A KIDNAPPER IN MY AREA LUCKILY I HAVE THIS APP THAT WARNS ME." pretty much it's treating horrible, tragic events like a tiktok.
so… where is style theory
It is not a trailer It's an ad
wow this ad is so much better than the ads of NPC's failing terribly
I love the intros
Rip cat 00:07 to 00:08
your content always feels fresh and exciting, no matter the subject!
1:58 Gardenscapes: a copy of candy crush; Blockdoku and woodoku: fake annoying unfair ripoff of tetris
Sad part is these company's are kicking themselves in the foot. The more misleading adds they make and the more awareness is. Even when they stop there will be no trust whatsoever to play something off an add you think is "probably fake" even if its the real game.
Rest In peace the last intellectual of my era to support the common man
I'm conflicted if this should be a game theory video or a film theory video
want a break from the ads?
i cant be the only one who read it as "bani  -  shed"
I got a mobile game ad before watching this video💀
0:11 That stick? *EPIC*
simple solution search up game check videos and pics boom there exposed
0:43 L O S E R
I hope msm isnt illegal bc it has bare feet :(  Edit: also I Dont like bare feet DOTN AKS >:[
are any of these ads gone now?
Ive seen many ads that take the youtuber alan beckers animations to promote their own bad game and he even knows about them but they still exist
I saw an inter course ad
Can you do a theory of the phone apps that say they pay you if you play there game.
I HATE when the player being bad at the game like in those choose a side to upgrade games so it makes me want to see what’s next and makes me want the game which will then be a candy crush rip off
there are still good mobile games like among us and cod mobile,but these generic/wierd mobile games are TAKING OVER
man, mobile game ads suck, but i have to admit, that EPIC ad is way way better than the generic "can't reach pink color ads". those ads for homescapes aren't the actual game. thier just those cut the rope ripoffs, because the actual gameply for homescapes  is one of those building simulator games. and what bothers me about these ads is when toddlers click on them
speaking of ads, i see squad buster ads ALWAYS EVERY DAY I HATE IT
0:09 the fartbat
8:43 this is literally half of the Genshin community, except the fact Genshin doesn’t have many ads- y’all can’t say I’m wrong :/
Bro my self have fallen victim to this so many times 😭😭
The start be like raid Shadow Legends
hey guys i have played gardenscapes before i only had one or two ads  but the dreams one i had a lot of it about 15 or 16 when i reached level 345
Actually some mobile games have no ads at all! Such as Minecraft Java bedrock and pocket edition with Java being available on pc
"Anyone remember annotations?"  I do because YouTube raised me.
You should talk about ❤the mobile game ads that are SEXUALLY ABUSIVE. Now, is THAT illegal? [Answer=yes]
LOSER??!!!?!! LOSER IS IN MY TEAM!!!
Children / Minors are often targeted by these misleading ads. And children / minors are quite impulsive to buy stuff advertised to them (Matpat discussed this in one of his videos). Surely, the Government should act upon this. Especially, COPPA?
I saw an ad almost 2 months ago that had some small print at the bottom that said, and I quote "The scene in our ads will only appear after you reach a certain level or trigger a certain quest." I think that qualifies as a decent improvement as well.
Don't tap on the link.Just type that in your private d.N.S
I think it is something to do with them hiding it
But then again I just spotted it
I'm surprised that this hasn't been taken down
Don't you think about reporting it for being negative about ads
Clash of Clans dose the same thing but Clash of Clans is really fun
Loser sound from bfb?
At 0:28 League Of Legends client has loaded up XD
The guy at 0:32 sounds like Banjo from Banjo Kazooie.
whos from 2024
I get mobile game ads on computer too?
CATS ARE STRONGER THAT DOGS
Matpat: Dogs are better than cats   Also Matpat: *owns a cat*
game theory idea you should do a theory on how the last words you see in minecraft are "wake up"
matpat can u pls do planet crafter :(
the extra touch that made it funnier but was not neccessary 0:33
It should be illegal that YouTube, Twitter, and whatever else keeps shoving these ads down our throats. Those mobile companies can keep making their brain-dead ads, but I would really appreciate it if YouTube could see this and think, "Yeah, that's dumb, NEXT!". If only. :(
Dont forget the super small x button on the very top of the ad 😂😢
Bro I got a game add like the ones stated before this video
1:07 wElCoMe To GaMe ThEoRy!!!!!!
I can confirm that this video is epic  (I miss matpat)
You want to know what i think should be illeagal, the add making the x button part of the add
0:00 to 0:31 where do i get that game
Also false advertising
THIS VIDEO - EPIC!
Make  Pvz theory
reply with download link for EPIC
Bro literally copied my mom's phone 💀
My dad played also garden scapes and home scapes
Freddy fazfinger
13:30 FYI, make that UK and some of their colonies apparently...... I can't download and play them either...... I'm limited to the classic Machington Mansion......
It also games that claim to have no ads when it does! Like the game full the fridge
“Epic” intro
i got project makeover expecting something completely different but i love project makeover 🥊🥊🥊
You don't have a mouse curser for your phone?
What about the ads that literally expose kids to 18+ and cheating????
it still should be illegal
Bro envoy has the weirdest ad ever
Speaking of ads this has too many
Hero War: they say it’s a no Wi-Fi game, and yet, it’s a website!!! I was outraged!!!
I had the virus fake one
Worst contenders are definitely the Google Play ads.
All of my games on my tab are the ones on 2010 or 2015
I like how the person in the ads has -999 iq
Ah the old intro I miss this I'm in 2024
Jesus loves you
4 words. COMICS. BOB. ADS. SUCK
1:27 "my fada is the chif of navee!"
Croooddd crown father lebellll fckin hesr
Telling u something if u say subscribe enough times the outline will turn RAINBOW
The intro music hits difrent❤❤
Devs when you actually think that it was going to be like the ad: 😂
im in love with the "Ruining your childhood since 2011"
E . P .I . C .
🎉😘🛌🧊
E.    P.      I.      C
a while back i got an ad that said "no annoying ads" but when i went to the play store it said "contains ads"
too epic.
epic
Oh
Ok  yes
Um  no
$
4:56 TBD stands for to be disclosed
I hate the ones that make you accidentaly go to the google play store,and i hate even more the ones that force you to go to the store and restart your ENTIRE FREAKING GAME
matpats retirement? epic🗣🗣
Me:"hacked youtube to give me youtube premium"
*3 colors show up* Style Theory: am i joke to you? 0:51
RIP Mat Pat
This is so relatable. I decided to go back and watch some of the videos I haven't seen now that MatPat's retired. It's some amazing stuff. I know you'll never see this comment, but maybe you've seen me say this on some other videos: Thanks for everything, MatPat!!!
0:47 this is the best intro in the world
The add for "Epic" is a lie
Prosecuted
EPIC
Raid is for once a decent game 👁👄👁
CATS ARE STRONGER THAN DOGS!!!!!
Today is the day that game theory ends. Thanks for the memories matpat 😢
I dont get this ads as much i used to car insurance and traveling ads for some reason.
Hey don’t pick a crying emoji
Unmutable ads and unskipable ads are dumb asf. Also the ones that take you to the store without you touching anything  are furious
2:46 my aunt: rookie numbers
Me with YouTube premium be crying I wanna see those adds for no reason
Is Ad that stealing YouTubers videos legal?
Matpat
I miss when it was more normal to create actual art instead of recycling trash games nobody wants
I remember gardenscapes before they sold out their ads, wild times
😢 crying to see mat pack go
Gardenscapes reference
i saw laylee and kazooie. they are both from 3d platformer. thanks MatPat
Epic Epic Epic Epic EPIC
can you make a cuphead theory
0:43 Ben 10 reference
0:12 the username of this commenter EPIC
Other examples: fishdom shows fake content ads Nockoff minecraft shows ads for actual minecraft ads
"
when Mat will create Marketing Theory Channel??
Don't leave us, MatPat!!!!😢
Yummer
I'm truly impressed by this. I've encountered similar material before, and it was nothing short of amazing. "Game Theory and the Pursuit of Algorithmic Fairness" by Jack Frostwell
The ad looks worse
U inspired our childhood not ruin them
Am I the only person who remembers when Gardenscapes/Homescapes had actually interesting ads that in some cases, dove into the lore and backstory of the game?
Alyssa is bad at gardenscapes my dad is it like level 3600
This video as always is E P I C
Is…is that what I think it is?
This video is EIPC 😏
EPIC Should be an Actual Mobile Game It Sounds Interesting
They are now lying in their ads about giving you money for playing the game that's gotta be illegal
So many plane games copy literally the Microsoft flight sim
:(
I mean, many of them likely steal and sell your data too. Should have looked into that...
I know there's a game like this but I forgot what it was called 😢😢😢😢 12:45
Here for the theories, staying for the *EPIC* theme song
Has’nt been long and I miss you already
I have hade it 200 times lol
I'm very sad that Matpat is going to retire
I wish this went deeper  games and mobile apps is worldwide  not just in the usa. Further still the app stores google and apple should be the governing party. They should instill policies and guidelines for hosting the app on THEIR products.
I saw this game a while back where you fight zombies but the ad is about a roblox game not even near to zombies
Bye 👋
Goodbye mat 🥲
RIP matpat
Why tf 2 whole years have passed and it hasn’t changed the slightest
Dude I was born In 2011 so you have been doing this all of my life
Why do they made ads that look like they take longer to make the ad than the game.  And then there's the ads that if you click on them install without your permission.
Man I miss the intro.
That's not a just a theory
If you play save the girl it’s like the adds so that one is not a scam
Is it just me or do y’all get ads on mobile games that try to hide the x to skip the add like the one that uses a spider web
There is one that is real (pull him out) but there way to many adds. Plus most adds pg
Who wishs he brought this intro back 👇🏼
Summary:  it's not legal..
Also, YouTube ads can be 5 to 10 seconds, while mobile game ads are padded out to 30.
This is why I decided to study marketing in college so I can hopefully stop this nonsense
There is a game called giant crush  you have  to buy  a premium  to play so deleted  it and look at the revews
The ad: Level 1 crook steals level 400 mafia boss’s hot babe The game: some generic block blast game
But the way it kept saying epic is so true for those types of ads
Idk why google has not banished some of these very inappropriate ads
It’s so funny seeing the text RUINING YOUR CHILDHOOD SINCE 2011 in the intro 😂
Wow very epic 😂😂😂😂😂
Power player... Thats a weird way to spell: Weak idiot.
You know what this mobile game marketing "A-B" tactic sounds like? Super. Hot. Super. Hot. SUPERHOT!
There was a ad for a knockoff gang beast and use footage from gang beast
I saw ads like that during this video 😂😂😂😂
I saw a ad for a racking game but they used footages from forza horizon 5
this so true i dowloaded a game i walked in it
I got an ad for Clash of Clans before the intro was even finished 😢
You Should Be A Lawyer
EPIC STICK
The fact that I got a MonopolyGo ad before this-
I think one thing worse than mobile games is mobile games that require internet to use. Like the only reason we're playing is bcuz were on a roadtrip and have no mobile data
====== /           /
You dont understand cats 😡 rasist 😺🐶✔️
the sprig trap tho
I miss this opening
BENDY
Thoery of replika pls
10:56 bro I have that ad everyday 😭😭😭
On adds, there would be a countdown in the bottom right corner, but the x is in the top left! And i try to click x, but it took me to play store instead!
There was a point where they didn't even have those mini games at all and were sued. Now they have to include a certain percentage of actual gameplay
Boi feel for a game ad n made a video about it 😂
Ah, my favorite game. *E P I C*
am i now a official fan to know that game theorists has a intro
2:38 965?! Pfft moms go and reach lvl 2000
vErY ePiC
And there's also an issue with inappropriate ads
“Fraud is illegal” Mobile game ad devs: Wow, this is worthless
Ya I play garden scapes and never got a mini game
Hi
Oh that does it! an ad popped up on science blaster. I'm done! I'm done with Ads!
Im level 13,000 in gardenscapes
My socks are cold
Im f2p [lennyface]
Do lets find lary lore
I've also played home and gardenscapes and the fact that I got more minigames than her is just😂
"RUINING YOUR CHILDHOOD "
these ads have now been made illegal in the uk
Lol Epic is starting to sound as annoying as the word subscribe
'an epic experience' was LEGIT IN THE AD I GOT RIGHT BEFORE THAT and RIGHT BEFORE I SKIPPED IT
Once saw an ad with Minecraft footage, SO ANOYING!!!!!
I have banished
Have you heard of evony the King's return
The box at the end of the intro should be the FNaF 4 box. (1:02)
I guess Markipliers real name is Oliver Stevens
I play homescapes and they changed and now every other level is like the adds i had the old version on my old iPad and it was so boring this new one isn’t half bad tho
oddisout got it first sorry
Thanks for covering this aspect of video game marketing! I'll be sure to follow your advice when marketing my future video games!
I'm in mobile and no ads pop up I'm not premium?!!
Something has to give.
i saw a game like minecraft called ''craft robo clever rainbow
while I wathed this video I saw one
fun fact: YouTube video can Also misleading.
Once I had a ad that said my tablet had no more room and I need a specific APP to fix it. The only way I knew that it was a ad was on the side it said reward granted
My mom is on level 2982 in homescapes or whatever 😊
9:00 China.
To be fare garden scapes did not go to this into the trend happened.
Pro tip for those who are using mobile: go and download a game that is offline and after installing play the game with your wifi/mobile data off    and trust me, I use mobile
Evony is the only real game but its still bad 😂
💵
🗝️🗝️
Can I join the game theorists
With how obvious of a con most of these are, you may wonder if there’s some much more elaborate plan in the works.
Maybe you should make a theory about the "dark" secret about amy from sonic cd in Game Theory and do something about the Whopper from BK in Food Theory.
This intro is E P I C *INTENSE GREEN SCREEN STOCK EXPLOSION*
Just can you copyright strike them?
Epic
In the skit at the beginning you forgot the part where he gets an unskippable ad less than 30 seconds in.
EPIC
bottom+right appeals to me more!
yes, i am!! i remember it in the early 20teens.
[smileface]
EPIC
Im still sad that the intros just died off
My mom had been playing gardenscapes and home scales and she is basically in the 1000 of the game
Click on this > 💀
I am an power player of a game with out ads and with lllloooooorrrrrreeeee like Minecraft 😂😂😂
MY SINGING MONSTERS 😠😡😡😡😡😡😡😠😡😠
this video is best described in one word: EPIC
EPIC Also i have premium so good 4 me
Another thing is when they used other people's things. I've heard my favorite utuber's audios in mobile ads. Their game plays in games for other games.
*EPI*
its funny that months later he advertises a mobile game that is nothing like the add.
I had an ad that hid the white x button on a white background. Also, stealing characters from other franchises for a mobile ad has to be a law suit just waiting to happen
Creack capitalll pridee fockin Ey haaa ddfther
7:00 remember annotations word that pop up ha
Converge on best for engaging users take all money fsther Fock hs ye
3:00 ads sell fsther focking lressure upholddddddd
1:00 mon f
P crt hhurrreee gotta maintain. Capitallll tell em Fock offf money iveee ha
I wish he made this in 2023, cuz geez…
yeah glad i live in the uk
This theme is beautiful tho
vibing to the 2 yr old game theory intro and trying to turn the volume down with my phone :((
???????
Bro an ad disturbed your intro
I started this video with a legitimate cringe ad 😂
5:37 if u like those kind of games u should try save the girl or save the man
I have Evony the kings return and it is actually a pull the pin puzzle game however the graphics are a tiny bit worse than the ads
Bro this is not game thory I unsub
The golden  age of mobile games
Dogs are stronger than cats, but cats are more agile than dogs.
10:40
I love playriz and there is nothing you can do to make me hate it! It is for family and friends and saying how is this even legal to this is not okay to me!
i actually one searched his old videos and i originally thought he was a kids youtuber untill i saw them
GUYS THERES AN AD WHO SAID THAT I WAS WATCHING A GAME THEORY VIDEO HELP WHAT
I had the idea to ask my mom who has been playing the game for years, she is at level 5718 and has gotten those "bad dreams" a grand total of 17 times
thiss stil happens on pc too
I love the shade thrown to researcher #3 😭😭 Ofc he doesnt mean all that
All app stores shouldn’t support these games they should make a rule if your game isn’t as advertised they won’t put it in their store
You are so right
Exactly!!!
CHECK OUT NEW GARDEN SCAPE YOU ARE ANGRY OF MILIARDS MINI GAMES
I actually found a pull the pin style game. It's literally just called "Pull the Pin"
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Woah the video is EPIC
Funny thing is Namco Bandai/D3 published a compilation that makes those fake games playable  Hope they make DLC like one based on passing the gates to add/subtract your army
I have downloaded these games when the fake ads first appeared... and been playing for a bit and being like (forgottted about the actual ad) what is this game???
no cause the guyfrom stocks photos that matpat uses in everysingle video he makes is probably watching his videos with a smile on his face lol
I think the main problem with these ads popping up frequently and to no end is because of lax regulations on online advertising. The lesson learned is this: any new thing without rules or regulations can be exploited for malicious gain, and mobile companies abuse these ads (includes psychological tricks to attract players) with no end in sight.
For some reason I’ve been seeing these ads about video games like pizza tower or poppy playtime on mobile
An ad relized what i was watching
HELP I GOT AN AD SAYING “Your watching game theory” WHAT-
A missed opportunity... The initial logo light up could have included Fashion Theory's blue colour to forecast its release.
That first it was actually relatable
The introduction is the epic thing there  "Ruining your childhood since 2011" the year I was born what   10:46 this still exist, I seen those type of notification on my android like 3 week ago
The game I was talking about is Gardenscapes and it sucks!
I downloaded one of those puzzle games, and it sucked!
That is true
i found a *VERY VERY* Controversial ad and its very very 18+ and is advertised *FOR KIDS* I DO NOT KNOW WHAT IN THE WORLD WERE IN THE GAME DEVS MIND TO MAKE A 18+ GAME FOR KIDS!
“The combat? EPIC!” Was funny
BRO AN AD APPEARED THAT SAID I WAS WATCHING GAME THEORY
#justiceformattpat
why no ebony the kings return lmao
Anyone else Vibing to the theme song
Imagine investing your budget more to the ads of the game than the actual game, which is what Mafia City is
Wait so roblox is illegal
CATS😭😭😭😭
No dogs are not stronger than cats different dog breeds ya so Maine coon cat
Bruh alica is weak look at my mom she is at  level 1b
once you got to the evolution explanation you started being wrong. animals didn't evolve into all the different animals we see today. and these type of misleading ads would so be illegal if our government wasn't partially corrupt
9:01
5:03
I'm old now
My dad plays garden scapes and I think he only go that mini game once when he is at like 10,000 or more something 😢
I have dealt with this company and their game name was save the doge and it was 🤮 their ads where inappropriate and they where scamming with their ads like they are doing lots of things. I tried to get this game/company  shutdown
Jokes on, you already found one
someone should make a phone add-on when you get tricked by one of these adds it echo's "LOSER~"
When I get addicted I never buy gamepasses cuz I'm broke
Solution: (If it does not require wifi) destroy the wifi button invalidate it make sure it dies and keep killing it. :) the most peaceful way to do it
WTH I JUST GOT A AD FOR A CHANNEL THAT KNEW I WAS WATCHING GAME THORY
I wish you explained how these games are able to operate on YouTube without being flagged and banned?
EPIC
I actually saw a add where they used your face to promote something and I dunno the app was skeptical so I really did not think you where actually promoting the app
For ounce mat pats not actually running somones childhood
And the "not real gameplay" is the size of an nanometer nobody is going to see that without 20/20 vision oh for god sakes it might as well fill the entire screen😂
Also im pretty sick of a guy peeing on a zombie yup u heard that right and then the zombie peed on him! And then he became a zombie fta should include mental healty because i gone insane from these ads
Romy listening to the game theory intro music just hits different
Only problem is YouTube premium 😂
When i was little i fell for garden scapes or whatever
I remember seeing an ad that went like: "Game Delay? ... Clean Your Android.... *SO FAST*" (I can't remember the rest of it, nor can I remember the app that it was for, I think it was a cleaner app or something..
Same
Bro i just got an add on this  video and the guy said it looks like your watching a game theory video
55
OH YEAH HAS ANYONE SEEN ALL THE HUNDREDS OF MINECRAFT RIPOFFS (you probably have)
Yo I just got y tube premium just to get no ads on my ipad
I got an ad for a stupid mobile game right before this video.
how have i never noticed the snare drum in the intro!
Maybe they’re not illegal, but they’re SOOOOOO frickin’ annoying.
So true so true
tbh, the hero wars ads are worse than rise of kingdom ads
Right after the “Epic” add I got a real ad😂
I got two ads with footage from Shonen jumps jump force and modded pokemon sword and shield
I play homescapes and I agree there are only 2 at the start
i got an ad thats called evonne its a pull the pin game i think
You didnt buy me yet, lmao- (I aint yours-)
Every kingdom is a real puzzle game e
Ads be like pLaY rOyAl mAtCH  I've tried 3444 times but I still can not pass
I'm sitting in my living room, watching YouTube on autoplay while playing a mobile game. I'm actually playing gardenscapes right now
The beginning is *EPIC!*
Ruining your childhood scince 2011🤩
I actually experienced this troll of the ads for more than once, and it is a common calamity with many mobile users too, so NEVER trust them
Fun little tip for playing a mobile game that doesn’t need Wi-Fi but is packed with ads: when you have Wi-Fi turn of airplane mode and you won’t get a single ad just so long as the game works with no wofi
Evolution isn't real😠
Its ok…    Because i have 10 MILLION POWER IN RISE OF KINGDOMS
I somehow got no ads while watching, wtfrick?!?
I am still that #FilmtheoryGameTheoryStyleTheoryFoodTheory4life guy
I thought that project awakening was monster hunter for a minute lol 😅😂
0:00 epic gameplay
Hey guys, did you know that is actually really Epic?😅
Mobile games are like catfishers they lie
The ads were baned
bro scam ads are worse
I got a mini game 14 times and I’m on level 14
God bless you, I needed someone to cover this
679607
No Matpat, this is not just a theory, not today.
You should make book theory just saying
This video? EPIC
This video is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!; 👏
i beg of you im begging you please do slime rancher there is so much lore in the star meals that is really confusing to me you dont havr to but if you run out of ideas maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaybe
How is everyone ignoring the fact that in the cold open he stole a line from Rick and Morty
Me at the very beginning  "I'm a stick" Anyone understand?😂
Every ad i see is always minecraft ripoffs and they use footage of java or bedrock minecraft but when u download it the graphics is just trash
kitten mach and fake minecraft
Jungle Squad is a mobile game that uses old ANGRY BIRDS ADDS TO PREMOTE THEIR GAME. And in their gameplay adds, they just use sound effects from Angry Birds. I hate that cheap Walmart Angry Birds game.
What about roblox
Scared of the ads at this point 🥲
Don’t work no me
2:47 my aunt is at level 4938!
This was quite enlightening. However, how can this become a legal issue??
I can't reach existence level (the tutorial level)
I don’t see those as I see those ads in games not mobile, YouTube.
Nobody Me watching the video and I get an ad for Homescapes
Because of you in homescapes theres a minigame every five levels
As I watch this I got the same ad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISKFIbs0PqI 25:55
I miss those colorful boxes on YouTube to be honest
As a homescapes player we do get what they show in the ads they are minigames it's quite common now. And they are what the show in the ads plus the  actual game is 500000x better than the ads
#teamtheorist
Cat are strong dogs are weak!
Looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooore
LOL SCAM
When u have premium 😂
I think you meant prosecuted, not persecuted.
Home and garden shapes both show the real thing, your only able to get them as bonus levels tho
Bro, I hate when a ad shows something that looks cool, when in reality, it is just another lame game, like of you agree with me😅
Mobile Game Ad: Look at this sick Gameplay! The Game: *another candy crush ripoff*
*prosecuted, not persecuted
Bruh i swear I just got a horrible mobile game ad 😂
This video is *EPIC*
bros a legit sweat at gardens apes and homescapes ☠️💀
i just got one of these ads while watching 😭😭😭
Before years I have learned to not trust ads. Why ads are everywhere?! Are we made of them? Or they are made from us? Ads are born from greed.
i had a ad of a
0:00
Bro I’m so used to food theory intros that I forgot the other theory intros were a thing
I want to know how its legal for yt to have hentai related adds everywhere even on kids videos without problem but the instant a furry so much as breaths yt deletes they're channel saying its nsfw
"sire... is that... legal?"  "I will MAKE IT legal"
My grandma got really furious when gardenscapes was banned lol she was level 1,500 or something
My dad plays gardenscapes and homescapes and he’s at level 5000-6000 💀
7:25 tiger has left the chat
Wow I was watching this and literally got a misleading game ad called scribble rider
One of the worst insults you can give is "I hope your favorite mobile game creates a terrible ad."
THAT'S JUST THE TRUTH, A 'GAME' TRUTH!
I mostly see mobile game ads like this 1:32
The worst one is Evony which straight up lies to you in the ad. It says, "Most mobile game ads show things that don't happen in the actual game. Fortunately, Evony doesn't do this." As soon as you install and open the app you can see it's completely different.
For homescapes, I've played long enough to get to level 1256 and I've gotten them very often, so I think that was just a old thing
The original Gardenscapes ads were actually very realistic to how the actual game is. Why must they change it 😞
I try to avoid fake ads but somtimes they pull out my one weakness: Animals (Specificly cats)
Game fairy. I actually have games on my iPad and I have lots of my games are giving me ads what do I do?
Honor/matpat what's is tbd my honor
7:22 THATS SO EXTRA i Love it
Ummm...
I saw a camman short i was liking it i tried to like it IT WAS AN AD FOR A MINECRAFT KNOCK OFF
RIP angry birds.  Gone the way of the mobile game ads
I literally had a call of dragons ad right before this video
These dude make a ads that you can test but you cant beacause its instantly change to appstore and there is a install button now , you make a test in ads for what
Me, a member of FIRST Tech Challenge (FTC) WHAT DID A TEEN ROBOTICS TEAM DO TO YOU- oh, wait, that FTC.
I got one of these goofy adds WHILE WATCHING THIS!!!!
Those stupid slot ads are the worst bro how did they get real adults to sacrifice there dignity to make those ads
EPIC video!
I am not fazed by ads! If anything, I will never be a customer or not be a return customer
Gardenscapes is the only mobile game that is just like the ads for it
I AGREE DOGS ARE WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY BETTER THAN cats
I’ve seen ads that actually take YouTuber footage
The shield looks like a face
No sponsored
Hey I love this channel I would love to see more content also make a vid on Shiloh and Bros imposter chase
This is why i use YouTube premium
what about hero wars ads they are so inappropriate
my friend found 3 mini games from level about 1000,2000
BRO I GOT THE WEIRD FARMING GAME AD WHILE WATCHING (it had a f-king mouse
Mat Pat has always been my go to lawyer.
i think south oark phone destoryer (NOT SPONSERED) tm is better
2 year old vid, I know, but this got me thinking. When he said, “It doesn’t cost anything” when downloading these games, I would argue that isn’t true. When you download these games and if you hit accept on their terms of service and whatnot you have just sealed the fate of them harvesting your data. It costs your data, which they sell to advertisers. If you read the terms and services, most of these apps can allow you to request for the deletion of your data but note that they can choose not to. I’m just thinking out loud here, it’s interesting to think about.
I love the intro
My dad is at level 6000 and has only gotten about 10 💀
All mobile games are trash. Don't even search for games on mobile, it's not worth it.
this channel is EPIC
Me:," sir, may i meet these "mobile ad creators"? The law: ok Me:" gets there Them: h- Me:fu** you b**** 🖕
epic pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
Some of the games don’t even have whats in the ad in the game, the scapes games is the only game ive seen with the puzzles
or, there is this funny little thing called an ad blocker
Yeah that's a lot of mobile games that have trailers and clips that has nothing to do with the game's whatsoever.
Um, MatPat, that was three words.
Can you please make a theory on cookie clicker.............*ill give you a cookie*
Technically Falsely advertising anything is illegal whether you like it or not
The swap 3 games are so generic I could probably make one in 30 hrs. A top down shooter with no assets/sprites took 7 hrs.
Cats can have better reactions and can srivive things that dogs can't and can srivive big falls
Just kidding.
BOOOO
Yeah, these pull the pin ads are false advertisement, but they're also not attracting, they show the game to be one of those boring, repetitive and overdone app games.
Dog I more better than cat but cat have super power and a claws
Spring trap
If you want to play a pull the pin game, play Pull The Pin
0:44
I got a mobile game ad before this
Yes I keep getting that and rage quit
RethinkDNS and Blokada... No ADS.
#notspon (satirically for the lols) scrap clicker 2 is the BEST merging game out there. There's no forced ads, and every ad you get is cicked on by you, and gives you a big prize.
Me: Clicks on this video *gets literally a game called epic seven*
I know somebody who got to 195782 and she is on 8th house and got 2091 minigames and i know that because she lives in my house
I got to 123 and got 19 minigames
I play Garden Scapes lol
the part at 6:39 made me think of how awsome this video is, 3:05 had me in tears. This is a masterpiece and isn't even ready for the cinemas. the part at 1:28:56 remined me of a friday weekend and 2012. Especially when I was able to do anything in EXPERIENCE AN EPIC world. This was beautiful, like the summer holidays at 7:23:51. the part at 6:39 made me think of how awsome this video is, 3:05 had me in tears. This is a masterpiece and isn't even ready for the cinemas. the part at 1:28:56 remined me of a friday weekend and 2012. Especially when I was able to do anything in EXPERIENCE AN EPIC world. This was beautiful, like the summer holidays at 7:23:51. the part at 6:57 made me think of how awsome this video is, 3:05 had me in tears. This is a masterpiece and isn't even ready for the cinemas. the part at 1:28:31 remined me of a friday weekend and 2009. Especially when I was able to do anything in EXPERIENCE AN EPIC world. This was beautiful, like the summer holidays at 7:53:51. the part at 6:39 made me think of how awsome this video is, 3:28 had me in tears. This is a masterpiece and isn't even ready for the cinemas. the part at 1:28:56 remined me of a friday weekend and 2012. Especially when I was able to do anything in EXPERIENCE AN EPIC world. This was beautiful, like the summer holidays at 7:23:51. the part at 7:01 made me think of how awsome this video is, 3:05 had me in tears. This is a masterpiece and isn't even ready for the cinemas. the part at 1:12:56 remined me of a friday weekend and 2010. Especially when I was able to do anything in EXPERIENCE AN EPIC world. This was beautiful, like the summer holidays at 7:29:51. the part at 6:39 made me think of how awsome this video is, 3:05 had me in tears. This is a masterpiece and isn't even ready for the cinemas. the part at 1:28:56 remined me of a friday weekend and 2018. Especially when I was able to do anything in EXPERIENCE AN EPIC world. This was beautiful, like the summer holidays at 7:20:51.    This video has truly changed my life.  P.S. I love this channel and is looking foward to the 25th of march!😉
Are you kidding me
My mom knew about the ad of Garden Escape but she didn't care about the puzzle. she likes the Tile Matching and The House Decorating💀💀💀 Actually she lets me play the puzzle minigame :]]] BUT IT COMES RARELY [CRIES]
Thank you I never thought someone would’ve address these ads. They happen way too often. They annoying me so much. Thank you for making making this!!!
Top war sitting in the corner trying to not get assasinated: *hi*
Just earlier today I found a character creation game and they took someone's video of gacha club a game that I play with a different art style and didn't even match the thumbnail of the game get smarter game producers
0:44 why dis you use bfb, why.
12:45 What is that style, I have played a game that used it and I really enjoyed it.
PETITION TO MAKE MAT MAKE A GAME THEORY, *THEORY* for example, is MatPats theory still valid several years later? Etc etc PETITION  | \ /
I was playing a game then a ad,and I was like “oh this is a aphmau mod ad what can go wrong” it went super wrong They took aphmaus WHOLE ENTIRE 10 MINUTE VIDEO on the ad
oh and also if you seen a walking dead ad, it looks cool right, execpt if you look at the corner of the screen written in fineprint just a few pixels, it says "not actual gameplay" uhhhhh excuse me then may i ask WHAT IS THE ACTUAL GAMEPLAY?
those ads are stupid
ONLY 965?  well my mom was at like level 7000
they probably put more effort into the ads than in the actual game
This video is EPIC.
I've watched so many ads that I don't even care about it, I just need my 2x bonus and that's it, I don't need your game, I have a game that I already want.
This is EPIC
for an example like Dragon City, its ad is way different than the normal game.
What I'm way more concerned with the blatant copyright infringement.
persecuted is sometimes confused with prosecuted
7:15 you can see in the bottom left where game theory peaked
I wish they'd make a law that means majority in game footage can only be used to advertise games.
The game theory EPIC
I played hero wars and I've been playing the game for 2 years and only experienced those type of things 8 times.
That ad was epic
Also, those pin games, here are some that are just like that: evony rise of kingdoms and pull the pin. Yes, it’s called that.
I agree, but there is a copyright lay thankfully :P
What should really be illegal is the tiny x to close the ad and if you are even 1/100 of a pixel off it takes you to the app store to download the awful game.
Follow Jesus Christ 😊
0:48 i love the little fnaf charecter
Legit at 6:25, I got a pull the pin ad, lol
That’s so EPIC
No game makes worse ads than Woodoku
Wait no one was there how did it turn on player 6 who turned on the game theory computer
Also fake mc games ads are from real mc
EPIC
I actually got one of those ads WHILE watching this video! XD
BOO! F.T.C
These apps don't care if you spend money on them, they just want you to install it and show some sponsored adds from other games.
7:10
My old mom like most plays a matching game it happens to have 'bad dreams' in the advertisement my mom is on level 2,000 and only has had 4-5
i got the gardenscapes thing but only some of the levels were the ad things
Send a mess the meme culture
No wonder why children these days create disgusting content.
I like how the editors used OW2 mercy wings for the bird / bat wing family tree
The fact you can make anything into a theory-
I don't miss those days
Got one of those ads in the middle of the video
There horrible
mobile ads are  like mustard
No way, it’s the actual Game Theory intro! A rare sight in 2023
the funny thing is when I was opening this video I got a mobile game ad
#FISHDOM
Before Homescapes did actually show the product my mom WANTED to play new candy crush
I love Gardenscapes and Homescapes they actually added those adds into the games as fun optional minigames for rewards and they made it much more common now it’s every two or three levels
sorry that you don't have super Mario 3D world + Bowers fury BECAUSE I DO!!!! :D
Great Video MatPat!
5:00 Monsters Gang is stealing footage of Human Fall Flat and Gang Beasts
speaking of misleading, what's in the thumbnail was never show in the video hmmmm
Am I the only one who gotten an ad about the game he is talking about
Mobile ads are the worst but it's so funny how bad they are
There is a gane that uses beamg drive as There ads
Some even Take real Pokemon clips
My mom is playing grandenspes everyday because I show her an ad and she download the app
wow my mom is on level 19999 and she just 950 wow wow wow  yes it i scam  but my mom got hes dream 1000 times so she have no idea how common is that
thanks so much for this matpat, i recently got an assignment for a persuasive speech in class and im gonna use this as one of my references for evidence
ı see a ad stealen from pvz garden warfare at pvz2 lol
9:00 is basicly p2w
As I watched this video, I got an ad for one of these trashy video games.
Sadly I got one of those ads during this video too
Even if my phone is not android it still pop-up that add
EPIC
Mapat:Million of Android users Me:HEY I am a Android users
Thats not a theory thats the truth
I know this is off topic But can we all agree tha Clash of clans has the best advertisement
banana
This video : epic
i love the intro song It's  amazing.
Oh man, love this intro…
So happy I found your channel Matt patt! I'm glad someone covered this
EPIC
I can agree with the first one, when you thought it was gonna be an EPIC multiplayer fps game with cool features. In reality its a candy crush ripoff..
Epic you will get 200M subs
Before before I watch this video there was a mobile game at this is about my mobile game ads are illegal all right bye
And then there is me, who uses an ad blocker.
Mobile Game: Level 999. Last Level! Me, Luigi, and Peach on level 56,791,919,173,727: We're 3 parallel universes in front of you.
My level in gardenscape is 11530!! And it's really boring
It's funny, cause seeing this I decided to download gardenscapes and homescapes to see what they play like. (i used to play them and they weren't as advertised obviously) and now they actually made those little games features of the game to get stars and stuff. I guess they got too many complaints about false advertising and decided to just add them to the game
this game theory intro is long forgotten
Just noticed the drums going ham in the intro
well joke on them, i dont have a credit card
TOYS:crash arena doesn't do this fake ad garbage
Also these mobile app makers get payed a small amount to have tracking scripts on them. Way less prevalent on iOS, but still a thing. Ex. Google analytics, Facebook analytics, and many other data collection companies.
Before I watched the video I got a mobile ad ☠️
I should’ve guessed around a year ago (when this vid came out) that MatPat & co. would get on this.
ive played lazy games and the game theorists are right. lazy games stinks.
NAHHH ITS NOT ITS JUST BAD AND HAS WEIRD ADS
This is why the only mobile game I like to get are usually Angry Birds games and mobile Mario games, like Super Mario Run and Mario Kart Tour.
What is the FTC number. I have plenty of antivirus ad to send them
Can you not use click bait thumbnails that have morning go do with your content? Why not put the puzzle game thumbnail since it's true and I'd definitely have clicked the video with that as well.
Why? Bc youtube wants money...
And yet the crackdown on using copyrighted song are off the charts and can even remove videos, censor them, or silence them
Its not even a theory
My first ever game theory video
I downloaded Homescapes a few years ago because the pull the key thing looked interesting and I was really disappointed that it wasn't what it said. I kept playing it anyway because I liked it better than Candy Crush because of the mansion building concept and better storyline. I think it took until level 1260-ish before I ran into the first of those mini games with the pull the key concept. Now I get one of them every 20-30 levels. I think that may have been added in because of too many complaints. The sad part is it's not a terrible game and it probably would have done fine if the ads were truthful.
The waffle house has found its new host
Imma sum this up in a couple words yes.... And no don't worry matpat I got ya 🥳
They should make a system AI for if a half-assed mobile game is added to their app, it monitors the downloads and deletions. If the game is deleted continuously in a matter weeks and uses false advertisement should be instantly deleted and banned from the store. Just like how Youtube monitors demonitization. It would make more room for actual games that don't profit off of people's stupidity and ad revenue. It would fix the App Stores issue, or they could ACTUALLY monitor their app and get rid of all these terrible games.
dont remeber when but i once saw an add that had the name of the "actual" game in the add not the supposed game they made
EPIC INTRo
Unity facilitated this cancer.
I have some bad news for you matpat evolution is just a theory even if you talk about it like it's proven fact when it's not
No I think Minecraft are not illegal
Nice, now explain Hero Wars’ Satan Toilet.  Not joking, there’s a Satan Toilet that sucked the protagonist in through the floor of a subway car.  Figure out the lore on THAT one.  😬
What about those ads which show someone earning thousands of dollars for playing solitaire for 30 seconds?
Maybe if the company who owned the "STOLEN" adds took legal action, sh** would change.
There was even one before this video...
I never spend money on apps or games because it is just useless spend money on app and games.
Evolution does not exist but anyway
I think you meant "prosecuted" at 12:42, but I believe considering there are almost 25k comments someone must have said this by now.
Those two little arrows really made me wanna click the like button
Maybe we should get the millions of theorists together to simultaneously submit claims! Those ads are getting worse everyday
been waiting for this vid didn’t know you made ur already (top war is the worst one)
Allysa is weak compared to my mom. Try beating 9000
Why is on google play peggy 3+ game thats only about torturig immortal boy who bleed? Life is unfair. If this game is still there (it was there for more than 3 hears) your videos shouldnt get demonitized.
There's also the fact that they take over your phone and the only way to quit the game is to hard restart your device.
Both homescape and Gardenscape which *WERE* great games had to get misleading ads later on and THEN UK banned them is karma
9:39 you could actually end the video here.
I play homescapes and live in the UK. And the puzzles from the ads come up far more frequently than twice. I'm at level 800 and seen them dozens of times, so I suppose some things must have changed
My brother finds these type of games and download it (sometimes)
Mabye i'll just hire matpat to make 5 second animated advertisements for our music that is incredibly misleading XD jk
becomes a Christian today!!........................................................
It’s been 1 year it’s still going
Haha tinder
What is it with mobile game ads and ridiculously over the top sexualized characters, can we stop please?
Yes, Matpat, false advertisement is illegal.
Now the fake ads, stopped now I just see JD and Nike's ads
i just cant get enough of the intro
the intro hits hard
WHY DID THEY PUT H*NTAI IN THOSE ADS
Some  driving Sims just take footage of beam ng from you tube
Epic games sponsored
2 rick and morty refferences before the intro...
I automatically delete any game that is not like it advertised because I hate democratic liars
I miss the theam song
Bro before even watching this I got an absolute ILLEGAL ad help 😭💀
You should talk about how +18 ads can be shown for every age because that… shouldn’t be shown for me and why they didn’t get banned
Why I read the reviews. I've seen game ads that grab my interest, look at the reviews and see the game is nothing like that. It's annoying more than anything
And the x so small you have to hit it at just the right angle...
hate these so much , miss old mobile games like Jetback Joyride etc.
When i clicked on this video i got one of these ads Lmao
My answer: us owning them isn't, making them however, IS
Me: WAIT, HOLD UP, THAT WAS 3 WORDS, "EPIC, EPIC, EPIC" 3 WORDS-
I'm seeing crappy mobile ads while watching this video.... the irony is uncanny 🤔🙄😅
I'm pretty sure they're was a miss-translation. Mobile apps aren't illegal that they break the law. There just illegally bad/cringe.
"How do you get money from this?" "Ads." "Oh ok... But how do products that you are advertising get money?" " A d s . "
I gotta do something about this I will take control of the government then
Why not make minigame the game
What I do is I test mobile adds to see if fact or cap
This is so ture. 😡 How it this LEGAL
Theory: If we evolve to correct and find what works, bassicly making it perfect. Would there be a point were we are perfect, nothing to correct?( Not a game thoery but like :D)
I prefer the epic ads, bc they are trying to show that their game is cool, but the ones being dumb just suck, it's making u download for a different reason.
Once i saw an Ad inside an ad, Basically someone Screen recorded the moment they got an ad for a similar game they made and just made it an Ad, You could even see the Skip ad button, and the game icon ON THE AD ITSELF, and i saw an Ad for a Scam Website that showed A player HACKING ON FORTNITE, idk what they were trying to promote there, But it makes me wonder, HOW CAN THESE SCAM ADS BE LEGAL???
11:18  I love how it’s just markiplier
Yea me playing DRAGON BALL LEGENDS IS ILLEGAL
Pov. You got a mobile game ad while watching this
12:45 exactly this: a law that's not enforced practically doesn't exist. Cause it's not the law that stops us from doing illegal things, it's the consequences we risk by breaking it!   ...or ofc our own moral compass or a lack of benefit from committing them. But in either of those cases, the law wasn't needed.
Watch youtube in Chrome you don’t get ads
I don’t get addicted to the game… I literally have an app on my phone I like but never open it cause this happens (R.I.P. PaintBy Number 😭) Oh wait R.I.P. BitLife to… lol I can’t really get addicted but unless you ignore YouTube cause it’s the only one that got me hooked oh wait I forgot I had a Twitter I’m currently ignoring it 😂
I know some of the games that pop up as ad… those are fairly accurate… oh how I miss one of them… but whatever I didn’t need to type this
I love your vids
I use YouTube premium, I don’t have ads
Heard of royal party? They have two ads thats oppossites to EM. Like one is protecc dog and one is stickman war. Lol.
I downloaded the game Fishdom for fun. I'm sure some of you have seen ads for it. It's actually a game just like homescapes but your building a coral reef instead a home
I rememeber an ad where a dude just kept saying: BRUH, BRUUH, BRUH, BRUUUUUUUUUUUUUH!!!
Annotations were annoying but suggestive
It’s very addictive
rn my mom is an level 6175 of gardenscapes she plays it a lot
POV you have youtube premium: matpat mention this
Really? The explanation of why this ads exist is because they are... Evolving.  What?
fun fact - he stole models from batim and sonic
If evolution works like you say then why did noah bring in two of every animal ACORDING TO THERE TYPE then a few books later there already talking about horses AND donkeys
I got a mobile game ad while watching this.
And how I hate those damn companies...
As a person who lives in the UK I saw an ad for Homescapes and it said at the bottom "Most footage in the advertisement is not real"
EPIC
And imagine a random game just took a genshin impact ad and used it as there ad thing
he still has not revealed his fourth colour
All my fnaf games on my iPad are not illegal.
0:43 this reminds me of a certain object show with certain characters battling for the earlier season of that very show as a prize
@1:33 bruh
The real illegal ads are the oversexualized ones that YouTube allows on their own website
Bro mobile game ads literally big epic battles the game hello I  candy crush
who is your editor
lol i got an ad for a mobile game before this video started 😂
I once downloaded a game with a misleading ad and enjoyed it. The thing is, the actual game was _way_ better than what they advertised. It was a pretty cool rp-chess thing with magic and an auto-sorting feature. It even had better graphics than advertised and slipped in the advertised bits (a dull tower-defense thing) as a rare mini-game. It was weird.  I ended up deleting it for a nitpick and I haven't found anything similar at the same quality. So I have no clue why they didn't just lead with the truth.  also: as someone who actually downloaded and enjoyed Gardenscape for what it is, I am very deeply disappointed that even they stooped this low
And now they started to using dying women and children. This whole thing is more wrong than flat earther minds
Bruh😅is “Oliver Stevens” markiplier😂
1:00 is that an UNDERTALE referance?!?!?!?!?!?
I just got one of those adds in the middle of the video 😂😂😂 😂
I’m the one who sees a lot of these
I play homescaoes
MatPat: That stick? EPIC Me:😅😂😂🤣🤣🤣
Reasons why Aliens don’t visit earth:
I downloaded evony the kings return and the majority of the game is not doing fun levels as they promised
As a parent to young children and toddlers I HAAAATE when apps and app games aimed at children will sneak in age inappropriate ads. I have to wonder how that’s legal? Yet alone accidental children purchases through prompts! (We just had a $150 charge from Sonic Forces from my Kindergartener fro Sonic coins!?) 😅😭 Fortunately App Store was cool and refunded us. But still. There’s a lot of questionable operations throughout mobile games that seem well.. suspicious.  I will add to say I got off easy for the app purchase looked up this Sonic force app game and some parents were charged $15,000+ from their kids!
sometimes they exploit the x button to either make a fake one, make an overly small button to get more clicks
bro i feel feel like every game i download just turns out to be a match-3 game :( true
when the ads played is was looking for the skip ad button istg
i have trainz
This particularly reminds me of Gardenscapes and Homescapes
Thank you Mat, THANK YOU!! I've seen lets play of Banished when i was like 8 and forgot its name, It is litulerly my childhoow game and you found it for mi!
AAAAAAAAND Product Placement!! Don't forget to click the link from our sponsor, buy our merchandise, and drive by just to throw money at our house
you are wrong
I miss when the ads were like this they have gotten so bad now
Also the worst one of all: “We’re gonna put an x in the corner of the add to make you click the screen! And it’s all part of the add and not and actual ’skip ad button’!”
Has this happened to A game ad that you want to play and it says Touch to start or something You try to move it's SENDS YOU STRAIGHT TO PLAY STORE!😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
I’m playing on mobile YouTube and I don’t trust anything or mobile game ad😊
Every single mobile game about every single one is bad
When I down load a game to check it out, I don't pay anything if I haven't played it everyday for at least a month. If I like a game,  I will continue to play it longer than a week. I played garden scales and home scapes, both for only 40 minutes to an hour before Uninstalling them. I agree that they are misleading. I would love to play a pull the pin game that was simply just that, but I don't want to play one that is full of ads.
Great know I hate the word epic
I just got one of these weird ads. The game was called Charlotte's Table. It was your typical puzzle game but, the ad opens with them mentioning that Charlotte was kidnapped on her first birthday.
I have alphabet lore ads ):
Project Awakening looks SIIIICK.
the Gardenscapes one is actually real, they got so many comments saying things like "the ads were fake." after playing like 2 levels. they even made the first two levels minigames so that wouldn't happen again
I got a one of these adds
(Late to the party but oh well) - the games that use footage from other games - aren't they breaking other laws as well that another agency might go after?
Little markiplier reference at 11:20 the account pfp is him lol
I had  not seen  plants vs  zombies theory
*Laughs in youtube premium*
Best dating app!
Cool Theory
7:04 - OH YEAH!!! I remember those days! (I still don't know why they still have that as an option in the Settings menu, even though it's been LONG GONE by now...)
Honestly when the playable ads are more fun than the games themselves there’s a bigger problem at hand
My dad plays homescapes and he’s level 1700 something he only got it once
I’m playing Gardenscapes and there are so many mini games it’s kinda overwhelming. I miss the simplicity of seeing Austin had a bad dream w/ a thought bubble.
They should be illegal for how cringe and disgusting they are because..no- why    Edit- ALSO THOSE STUPID MATCH MAKING THING IS GOING TO LIVE FOREVER AND IT MAKES ME SAD THAT IT IS
SeE thAt StIcK oVeR thEre EPIC!!!!!
Make theory abaut keplerians
My recent emojis 🛀💀🚀❌✅💩😶😌♍🇵🇷😑🏚🌊🎖❤🛅😂🅿🌮🐒😁🖕🅾✌
gardenscapes got banned in uk? Thats wierd bc I downloaded it and I live in Uk....
As I was watching this video i got over 6 different adds exactly alike
Yea.. the evolution stuff is misleading. Please stop. You said the changes were happening randomly stumbling towards what works best. Best according to who? If evolution was legit (it’s not and was debunked by Darwin himself), someone who still have to be guiding it. An intelligence that knows what works best.
Everyone is talking about the ads but not that the games are trash and the games give you those horrible ads
ture that
I recommend getting roblox bc there is no ads and if it was gonna have an ad I would be like it plus there’s millions of games in roblox😊
This is why just check the reviews
Think y’all mean prosecuted, not persecuted……
Well robux is worth it bc roblox actually doesn’t fake you
BOOM idea! Do undertale videos
I literally I got pull the key ad before watching this
0:26 WHO DARE SUMMON ME
My dad finished garden scapes and never got any 😭
Everyone: crying because of adds Me, being russian and not seeing them without buying YouTube Premium: 😏
Wow! I hade no idea!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
We’res music theory
cilckbati
Am I the only one who thought of “your epic adventure awaits in your pocket” a little differently
Y’all need breaks from fake ads? I’d suggest Iron Order 1914, Ads are only used to get gold. Which can be bought unfortunately. However If you place 1st through 3rd you get 2000 gold. So I wouldn’t call it pay to win. And the gameplay is really fun. It’s a strategy game like risk.
Why does the character from the how to loot ad look like chu cuhlainn from fgo
Great theory, and this is off topic but.. Back to Gardenscapes for a moment, I always loved how Austin (the bald guy i forgot his role) just claps a few times and says "wow😐" like he's responding to a conversation he's just wanting to be finished already
For anyone wondering what the hero rescue games is I went and downloaded it, it's just like the adds that you see for other games also played 50 levels and got 46 adds
During this video my elbow cracked so loud I expect it to flow tonight
1:26 “my fadder is te chief of navy
5:58 that is the science textbook I use at school 🤓
So happy I use adblocker
I have been scammed about 40 times and knowing that others have is just kind of helping me out now🎉❤
I feel the connection too!
The fact that I was watching this video and I got one of those ads
Today, devs of misleading ads are now having nightmares of hate and 1-star reviews
heh, one of those ads about pulling the keys showed up watching this
MY MOM HAS THAT APP LMAO
I literally got a fake ad before the video
I wanna say, I played Fishdom before it was trash. I played it when I was a kid on my tablet, got to like lvl 300, I liked it. Now I recently redownload it for nastolgia, and I saw the adds wondered what the frick did they do to a part of my childhood?! And it's literally just a "mini game" that you sometimes get at the end of a lvl.   Do not download it's just trash now.
When I wanted to download a game it said that it was the game but one of them was a totally different game and I thought it was like but nope instead there was a Splatoon character
Umm. "Evolution" is a designed process.
0:40
Anyone else think the FCT logo looks like a face
7:23 is a lie
I’m so dumb that when it said Banished, I read it a BANEE-Shed as in garden shed
The mobile games with no adds are better than the ones with adds
Evertale is the definition of SCAM! You should check it out matpat!
Video starts at 9:38
I have a game that is a rip off of the long drive on steam and it used real pictures of the game
I hate those ads especially the ones that clearly choose the wrong thing to do when you know which one is the right choice.
MatPat you should check about the "Rainbow Friends" 🌈 it's this new horror game that for some reason gives me lore vibe.
I actually play Lily's Garden and Homescapes and while their ads are definitely misleading, the game itself isn't really that bad.  (And no, I barely spent any money in them. Even when losing a level, I usually wait so I can try again.)
Thank you! Dogs are way better Than cats!
Please I just want to go back to when we had “HoG RiDaAAaAaaA!”
I Liek your videos
atleast it didnt affect my tablet
NOOO cats are better than dogs
“But hey, that’s just a theory—“  Ah, no, that’s the most truthful thing on the channel.
9:24 i know a game which does it: stickman vs craftman which literally steals alan becker's animations from YT and uses them as his ads
I feel like this should be on film theory because its about ads
Actually so true when we download the game 😭😭
hi I am SUB
AND WHY IS THERE AN IDLE HEROES AD HERE-  ... THOSE WIERD IDLE HEROES AD
There is a game that’s actually it’s add it’s called aveory or somthing
As soon as I clicked on this, those ads came up lol
Atleast mcpe does not have rip offs ''Reality 100s 1000s of rip offs''
I think the EU recently ruled those mobile game advertisements to actually be illegal.
I am don’t think that we have a kind of law that stops that, also , I was SO disappointed when I downloaded Landscape
Epiiiiiiiiiiccccccc
This is the general reason I only game emulator on mobile
I laughed at "Level 965" My mother has that game and has something around 3500+
why is the intro so eeeeepic!!!
EPIC😎
You should do a theory of sea of thieves it would be a great theory
I have premium
My games are all about adventuring,clickinf,conquering,even has tanks,dragging thats it and also racing
If the game has adds, just turn of Wi-Fi.
What about Fishdom? It has those easy puzzle games in the ads but it what literally like candy crush.
I got one of these ads while watching this video
10 47 i had a ad like that in 2021
once when I was younger i downloaded happy mrs chicken and         IT HAD A VIRUS!!!!
I littarly got an mobile ad just when u Said ad
𝒲ℴ𝓌
I wish they were..
With YouTube premium  there are no ads
Yes inr
They are showcasting the ads were a person is playing the add game wrong and its tempting the person who has watching the app to download it
PROSECUTED NOT PERSECUTED
I got a fake ad whilst I was watching this very video
Imagine if they attempt to make those even worse in premium mobile games 💀
I saw the ad of gardenscape (pull the key ad) and i download it now my mom is addicted with gardenscape and homescapes(she has completed level 1450 currently (31st August ))
I love that "Ruining your childhood since 2011" 😂
As a future game dev any mobile game i release will have no forced ads. I hate them. You can watch an ad to get the currency in game or buy them but no forced ads. A noteable example is Random Dice. You watch an ad to refresh the shop, get higher rewards after a match, etc. but not a single forced ad in sight. To advertise id simply record my screen talk about the game and let it go.
Baby numbers My mom is on level 11,006
Afk arena have the most bizarre ads
VOTERS! I SUMMON THEE! MAKE THE MISLEADING ADDS ILLEGAL IN AMERICA!
I hate some mobile like in here in the Philippines mobile legends who's ad's are fake and mesleading
I have played gardenescape that was looking so fun so I downloaded it but when I played it that was so different
Wait Fake adds are illegal? Me:Always has been
watch matpat say the word  epic for  32 seconds
I got a Mobil game ad while watching this video. 😑
I've had ads for games that downright stole YouTuber content, didn't even cover up the voices or anything. They just take a snippet of their videos and use it.
Fun fact: ALOT OF MOBILE GAME ADS ARE COPYRIGHT AND I HATE IT
I got one of these ads in the middle of this video
Matpat:talking about bad moblie ads  Me: *gets hit with a bad moblie game ad*
Boy am I glad I instinctively hate YouTube game ads
Jokes on you i have youtube premium
Hey, ive been thinking, this could be a really old theory, but, i feel there is alot of lore throughout this gameplay. Its a game on cool math games, they call it “there is no game”.
Btw, there is a game that is called “evony:king’s return,” and is exactly Like the game
Oh one thing I actually found many games like help the girl escape One of those things were you have to choose obvious things to protect a girl or like Evony The kings return it has a pull the pin minigame and you choose when you want to play it
My mom is in level 9900 she addicted to Homescapes
hEY YOU! YOU MADE AN APPEREANCE IN A movie!
Game theory I love this new intro it describes all the theory’s mat did
Ok so I was scrolling and I found a video,I clicked it and I saw an inappropriate ad by a game brain up I think  Serious,that’s attracting children to play the game
no ads
The only mobile game i got because of an ad is world of warships blitz. That’s it. Everything else is BLEGH. Need I mention inappropriate adds? I’m not gonna get into it cause this will be really long.
I got an add from evony
I play Homescapes too and Im level 2 and i have got 3 Dream minigames weird
You mean- Among us is illegal ?
Level
Oi my mom was playing homscapes to g et 19076
What's unfortunate is sometimes they actually look fun but it's not the real game
At first I would say No way that's Illigle. And im right it's just in your way of a really cool ad and a really boring game.  Don't worry this also happens to me
Add theory
I know a mobile game with lit gameplay AND ad. Mech Arena. (Please Matpat don't make a theory about it)
Can the doomslayer defeat monika?
Only 1% can hit the like button 🤡
There was this one fish game add that I saw but I couldn’t find the white “X” button to get out of it because they were using a white fishing net to blend the X in
uh… i play a tile matching game(fishdom) and it took less than 6 months to get to get to level 1000
Full intro?
Do you see this video      EPIC
Fishdom is real if you download i will bet you a 🍪 its real if its fake i wont give you it
Can I have a hug?
My aunt and my mom plays Homescapes my aunt level is bout in the 5000 while my mom is in the 9000 or 10000 there minigame count is 6 combines 4 my mom 2 my aunt
Roblox saves from madness
I’m from the uk, the mobile game ads often still do say ‘this product is not the same as the ad’ or something similar.
yes fake ads are the worse
I can’t believe he hasn’t did they Lillys garden episode
i dont know wich game it was but i saw a mobile game ad once wich just stole footage from a game i play called "totally accurate battle simulator" created by landfall absolutely disgusting
I think those ads should be ilegal
There is the “evony” add has changed to a “evolution” game to a “building” game then into a “pull the pin” add
there are adds that makes you download the game to skip the F- ing add
I could spot spring traps head move
Me: plays a game The Game: HERE ARE TEN ADS THAT ARE EXACTLY THE SAME Me: I WANT TO PLAY THE GAME, NOT WATCH ADS!!!!!
freddy fazbear pizza sim is on there lol
Sick of the pregnancy test is positive so he leaves her for the maid ads.
why does it say Freddy fazbears pizzaria simulater??? !!!!!!!
If i ever find someone responsible for the ads of those games i'm calling the cops on them, i have to find "another" reason to call them but i will. Maggots
I have waaaay too many of these kinds of apps on my phone, I hope they're not illegal 💀
How about those sexual ads? Or teaching bad behaviour?
YESSSS THANK YOU I WAS PLAYING HUNDERED OF VIDEOS TO FIND ONE AD AND YOU GAVE IT TO ME THANK YOU
I literally got a trash mobile game ads while watching this 💀
The intro is 👌
7:23 is wrong mat
Sounds like Evertale could get an actual case against it. I keep seeing ads for it that pitch it as a dark pokémon knock-off, it's 99 cents to download, and (apparently) it's a waifu-collector type game instead.
3033 ADS BE LIKE: I CANT REACH RED!
Agreed
The fact I got the lava ad during this video infuriated me
My mom is in level 3???
whenever i get those ads it angers me so much that i just want to download it and fix it
Well for this you better call Saul
lol, i actually thought that the intro was a sponcer
These ads be Caught in 4K UHD surround sound 16 Gigs ram, HDR GEFORCE RTX, TI-80 texas insturments, Triple A duracell battery ultrapower100 Cargador Compatible iPhone 1A 5 W 1400 + Cable 100% 1 Metro Blanco Compatible iPhone 5 5 C 5S 6 SE 6S 7 8 X XR XS XS MAX GoPro hero 1 2 terrabyte xbox series x Dell UltraSharp 49 Curved Monitor – U4919DW Sony HDC-3300R 2/3″ CCD HD Super Motion Color Camera, 1080p Resolution Toshiba EM131A5C-SS Microwave Oven with Smart Sensor, Easy Clean Interior, ECO Mode and Sound On/Off, 1.2 Cu. ft, Stainless S
I just got a mobile game ad 🤣
EPIC!
1:00 monika?
0:18 thats not 1 word thats 3 words
Hope so
It is 2022, I’m still surprised that no one has cracked down on these false mobile game advertisements (even in Australia, which seems to be stricter for advertisements)
i rembermber that i reviwed a magic finger ad and i posted i hate your ads magic finger
The feelings of the watcher and uses that to make them download is like getting made at an ad failing at a challenge
Even Minecraft do this
I got a mobile game ad right at the start of the video
Garden scapes is actually quite an enjoyable game and unlike many other mobile games of the same type, you dont actually have to pay to move forward very often they have event that let you get boost (that you could also pay for), I just wish there was a little more to the game than the fruit matching . It also used to have normal and fateful ads
I got a fake mobile game ad in the video
I hate loving u vids and believing u vids and then u say just a theiry wen i just yot into it like i forget it was a theory i thought just goid facts 😌👌 The more u know
Bro I've been seeing this on pc lately, THERE EVOLVING
E
TFW you realize that most mobile games advertise by creating waifus
I need a flavor kill me
Ok, someone who fell for the cheap ads is making theories with Mat? Looks like Matpat does EVERYTHING over on game theory 🤣
Well i think this is a big scam
“Your iPhone has a virus!! Tap _here_ to remove.” Me, an Android user: yeah, sure.
There is one true to the game (Kinda) Township
At this point, the ads are getting even worse. A lot of the ads use soft porn in order to lure in more customers.
I really thought mobile game ads fed off of frustration in its ad
İ use my own program for no ads on my phone
Me getting mobile ads when watching this video must be one of the most ironic things to this day.
Yep
Why is YouTube premium
ADS NOW ARE WAY WORSE INCLUDING AN HD FLYING GORILLA GAME AD WITH THE WORST SOUND FILTER TO EVER EXIST IN GODDAMN EXISTENCE
I used to enjoy watching ads. Now I honestly wish ads would just disappear.
rise of kingdoms is the worst sure the ad sorta depicts the actual gameplay of the game but in the ad they add more and more stuff wich you cant do like if you choose egypt as your civilization you wont get the sandy floor instead you will get a plains biome but i cant say it is a bad game it is very well made exept for a little diffrence between the ads and gameplay
WELL THE ADS THAT YOU HAVE TALKED IVE SAW SCAM ONES LIKE A SOCCER GAME THAT CAN GIVE YOU SOMETHING LIKE 9M ROBUX AND SCAM OR A APP THAT TELLS YOU ANOTHER WAY THEN YOU GET SCAMMED OR THE WORSE OF ALL MR BEAST SCAM ADS LIKE ONE THAT SCAMS YOU WITH 1000 DOLLARS YOUTUBE SUCKS ELON MUSK SHOULD OWN IT OH WAIT HE CANT AFFORD IT BRUH ADS SUCK A LOT
DUDE I HATE ADS
Some ads steal YouTube video clips
Game ads are just clickbait but next level,
This only happened once to me
The meme at the end kills me!
stoopid pull the pin games
I agree totally with that intro
Speaking of ads, i always see fake minecraft just stealing minecraft youtubers' videos for their ads like they already copied minecraft can't they atleast make their own ads?
i had an ad like "a virus on your device!"
Just hearing my name in this video trips me so bad
Any ground on the theft of footage? Seems like IP theft
Epic game in my pocket
if i got any ads i just turn off my wifi on phone or tablet or i use 4 adblocker.
mat my day always get better when i see your videos keep it up
Correct
What about the ads that  target with stuff like YeS Go TaKe Of THe LaDy’S BrA?
lets ask an honest question...- who is going to sue first?
Ironically, I got a mobile game ad while watching this
who knew 1 year later absolutely nothing has changed. This is why I use brave ad blocker for youtube. It works.
After the video i see a missleading ad 🤣
Bruh The Fake Ads Is Getting More Worst Every Month or year all the ads is now huggy wuggy But 10× bad
Everyone should just sue companies that have misleading ads for false advertising and emotional damage
Homescapes and gardenscapes used to be better with their advertising. As in what you saw in the ad IS what you got (I used to play when it first came out and I actually enjoyed the games.....haven't played in quite a while). So I was disappointed seeing the "pull the pin" ads for them thinking "no! Not you too!" They must have been loosing players at some point to have to switch to the bait and switch tactics
i remember how angry birds had no scam ads....      it does now
I saw an ad for "last fortress: underground." And in the ad it showed a person on the beach and then zombies showing and when the person went underground, it showed them making a house underground (bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen's, ect.) And when I downloaded it thinking that's what I'll get I never did. I got a totally different gameplay then the "making a house underground" it made me angry that I didn't get what was shown. So now my trust in those games have disappeared.
Game acts in bad faith towards customers, aggressively monetizes and takes advantage of addictive behavior. Google/Apple : "We cant do anything about that." Game creates a feature that allows them to bypass the stores payment system and buy from them directly. Google/Apple: "Kill it with fire."
the fact some of those logic game ads are very fun and evryone does it when they can play it for the ad ends, but then 0 companys ACTUALLY make a game like that even tough it would be way more succesfull of nvm u said who made a game like that in the vid but full with ads EEEEEEE
I just got the exact thing he talking about in the middle of the video
While watching this video I got a fake misleading ad
Premium users: adds i never heard of this thing
A literally saw a trash ad in 13:40
Only the awake you same
I felt bad for the sad face for some reason
TNMGTYCDWYW: *stole someone else's footage* Level Up: yea same bro (his vid got stolen by a dook head that made bobs world a thing) also a gaming youtuber: bruh (srsy wtf)
MatPat: I'll just play a better game also MatPat: *puts out Bowser's fury* me: **Hey, that's an overkill.*
🪑
EPIC
soooo i tried douwnloud that mobile game it asked for my credit card info that i dont have
I got cereal and it was different cereal then what it was supposed to be I don’t like the different cereal ):
That video was EPIC
Sad part is there is no place to tap to "report violation of standards" on the ads that violate...
I see your EPIC family photo
my mom in homespaces is level 3647 (or something maybe it has changed)
What about the win money game ads?
EPIC!
EPIC.
I’m on my iPad bc I’m at my nanas and my laptop died and I got a couple of mobile ads🥲
0:48 i saw springtrap in the intro
The worst case I've seen is Evertale. You're promised a horror pokemon game with interesting lore and styles, but you get an anime girl pokemon go type rpg with no horror elements. According to some reviews, its not a bad game unless you expected something else.
A
I got the android bug that said I had a virus! That phone was ruined tho in the rain but it kept doing that and a GOOGLE WEBSITE WOULD SPAM THINGS AND THIS POPED UP AND I ACTUALLY THOGHT IT WAS TRUE and thats why you don't give a 8 year old a phone
The worst is that most of these ads either tell you to tap, to play an ad and then send you to the app store. Or after the ad it automatically sends you to the app store even though you have zero interest in the game
Start a fundraiser to eradicate all face adds
Pokemon go is slaughtering those whales at the moment... its disgusting... I miss the days where you had to play through games to unlock stuff you like
LOSER........... bfb
I hate those ads thatare so easy but the "bot" playing it is so stupid and doesnt play it correctly           ITS FRUSTRATINGGGGGGG
I paid for YouTube premium.....so I pay money to skip the ads
I saw one that said " You Came" " You Saw" " You Boinked"
I got an ad for one of those mobile games halfway through the video lol
One of those adds popped up while I was watching, I watch the whole thing thinking it was apart of the video. We need to get rid of these guys
YOUTUBE ANNOTATIONS OH MY GOD I MISS THOSE DAYS  though it always made me so angry as a child when i couldn't figure out how to turn them on and i was watching a lyric video where the lyrics were in the annotations-
Faxs 🇨🇳
i am going to call 911 poilles ;[  sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss;[
2:47 on homescapes my grandmas on level 3000
My gosh, I wasn't looking at my monitor and I actually thought it was an ad-
Still illegal in Germany, because a currency is not only money. When you install an app you pay with personal data companies can use to show personalized ads. If you didn't want this for the game you downloaded but rather for the one shown in the ads it's illigal and can be sued.
I got ad once for a match three game, and the ad made the game look boring, but the game was fun.
i know it's not the best idea but i would love to see a cookie clicker lore theory.if you see this i love your content it really makes my day,besides the theory about paw patrol that had me just worried
2 of the ads I got where accurate to the ads bee factory and text or die
I just had one now.
I was expecting this video to be about how they prey on the viewers frustration that the puzzle is so freaking easy why do they keep losing?!?!
Nice bro
Wait is the whispered “loser” a reference from bfb 1?
Evony is the only real game ad 😎😎😎🗿
I keep on getting an ad for a game called 'Age of Origins', which, by the sounds of it is some kind of RTS game where you play as an emporer or somethin.  But no, according to the ad it's one of those math games where you have to walk through the gates to get a certain number of sprites to consume another set of sprites. Except it's all zombies.   WHY WOULD A ZOMBIE GAME BE CALLED AGE OF ORIGINS
When you get youtube premium I don't get to see them and now I'm happy
5:14
you probably live in your mom's basement
12:44 what game was this like the aniamtio  is from the game were anything you write become.s real or spawns I forgot its name
You’re right MatPat, ITS NOT FUN WITH FAKE ADS.. it’s just Fun for the medias.. (LAZLAZYLAZYLAZY ADS) ADS ADS ADS JUST FAKE ADS) PLAYRIX TOO LIKE FISHDOM, AND GARDENSCAPES.
their thumbnail is fake too...
thatd jow mafia work
I never see ads because I use YouTube premium
bfb reference
I was watching this video and one of those ads popped up. Lmao
I once downloaded fishdom and realized it’s nothing like the adds, it’s homescapes replaced by a fish
Recrooms ads are how the game is can you do a ad for recroom you can play it on steam vr PC Quest 2 Quest 1 apple ps4
Epic
Minecraft is the most epic and pc gamer and hardly to install
I saw the wrench and I recognized that it was THE BENDY WRENCH
epic epic epic for 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 times
epip
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC
Who else got a mobile game add in this vid
No i Will play roblox pvz and Minecraft :)
Yes please ban them
Funny how evony literally made an ad saying so you think all those puzzle ads are fake well i finally found the game evony the kings return so they literally know And are saying that they make dumb fake ads
There’s no evolution
Well unless they copy and/or steal footage form a copyrighted game/ a game made by a company that is copyrighted. So you have some hope for these companies to get what they deserve
There is this one game called delete one part. The ads use women and you can delete their clothes:-(
funny thing is that i saw this ad just now
ePiC
This is interesting a couple of months ago I got an ad and it glitched out and it was flashing lights all over the place I cannot take it anymore
(edited comment)
Me who doesn't have pockets: mhmmm.... y e p
The final sector of the logo should be a pink or blue Health Theory logo or fitness Theory logo
12:38 -- You mean a crime that doesn't get PROSECUTED, not "persecuted," lol.  Enjoyed the vid tho.  :)
I usaly ignore adds if I am looking for a game I look into it before going for the game if it is of interest I will play if not I continue searching.
Wat is the fts?
This whole video is just an ad.
this is NOT a theory this is a fact
Ads be like: Choose how much money you want: Choice 1- 9,999,999,999 Choice 2- 0.3 “Player”- ChoIcE 2, OMg tHIs iS sO hARd! CaN yOu dO bEttER?
RIP annotations you were there
There’s some ads who steals footage from YouTube and it’s another game
I remember that Holmes scape game whatever my sister used to play that I remember I got an ad for it once that’s not what the game is like at all
epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic
tbh the clip before the intro actually happened to me once I was 7 I think and saw a mobile game ad where u just put ur finger on the screen and warrior would spawn where u placed u finger and made a army to fight enemy’s so I thought it was so cool so I donwloaded it but it ended up to be a game that wasn’t even close to the ad
not just virus not anything but YOUTUBERS minecraft terraria trailmakers battlefield v battlefield 2042  fortnite  youtubers
Fnaf new dlc
gotta love the intro tho
My dad made it up to level 4576
I got a mobile game ad while watching
And it always has to be trendy
It's not a theory. It's fact.
who moved the comment section to the side?
My mom has this cooking app and I’m pretty sure she’s in the thousands of levels now
Hey game theory one thing hey it's hey so one thing just do this comment because I think at springtrap's going to come back as destroyed rap and security breach ruins okay hot this comment if you think it's true I'll come back in a day
EPIC
But like is using other games is legal? I’m sure they don’t have permission for this
So true
evonys return: SEE THIS IS WHAT AM TALKIN ABOUT
What about the ads that claim to give you MONEY for playing a simple game?
I hate how mobile games make the front cover inappropriate anime sh*t and then the game is super low quality with a lot of adds. It’s just bait for little kids
Me: bro I only play Roblox league of legends
It should be illegal if he sed it is i sorry I’m just watching it ): don’t joge me
Naruto vid please
Yes but no
I jsut got a mobile ad IN THE MIDDLE OH THE VIDEO WOW 👏
What about Roblox it’s a mobile game That doesn’t show what it is but it’s way better than what about that
The misleading didn't really bother me that much but the way they played in the ads are very overwhelming 😡sometimes, the puzzles in the ads are easy but the ads show how to play it incorrectly 🙃
That's like Mobile legend:bang bang
if u play mobie games and say your a gamer u kinda are dumb
aren’t all dating apps doing that? tinder gold, bumble premium?
Wow this guy actually played and downloaded mobile games.
I literally had one of THOSE ADS pop up while watching Matt roast them.😂
12:56 I've played Avakin life before and honestly, go for the pig.
"Ruining your childhood since 2011"🤣
worst one is The Walking Dead Survivors
I MAKE MY OWN GAMES HOW DARE YOU!!!
I have a game that you pull the keys. We'll actually you pull the keys in the ad, i will not say the name of the game, for it is inappropriate
7:15 in and Matt patt dumps some of the most usefull YouTube knowledge a content creator could ever share
Starring: Markiplier as Oliver Stevens
oohhhhh that INTRO yesssss
When my little sister was 4 years old,she got tricked by Homescapes's mislead marketing,so a mobile game's misleading marketing did affect a child!
I see these ads on other mobile games like planet smasher, 8 Ball Pool, Subway Surfer, etc
Guess what I just got an ad from -_- 😑
I littearly saw a mobile game add that stole Pixel Kingdoms youtube animation of among us. I was inraged as hell
The most annoying ads are the only 1% can __________
Lol I saw a ad  during this video saying that some mobiel games are fake and they had enough but they found a game that actually didn’t change.Still not sure if I should down load it.Most of y’all should know evony returns because of their ads.
I got a ad by rhus video 🤣
Our generations ads is very depressing and sad about how our generation is going down hill unlike our golden age of ads like angry birds, jetpack joyride, fruit ninja, temple run, and subway surfers.
Ads are annoying, but this is too far.
Why does that intro hit so hard lmfao
Haha matpat I have YouTube premium 😆😆😆….    🥲😢
Wait. Only got to lvl 97 (or something like that) and got like 7
i remember annotations and they were tbh trash af. very annoying to remove
i have been playing homes scape and gardens scape and i am at level 2000 in both and i havent gotten a single bad dream !
There's even ads on YouTube that talk about this and don't say it's illegal...
Yes I hate ads the are misliding dumb
ePIC
false X they make me so mad
I can't believe flash gaming died for this.
Here I thought it was because they do included those “puzzle” sections in small doses so it technically does include that gameplay, thus creating a loophole
My dad got higher
yes. they are illegal
Damn.I never thought Matpat would talk about a part of the government
finnaly someone made avideo about it
2:44 amateur, my mom has played for 6+ years and is the the tens of thousands of levels
Nice intro bro
Banished is such a great game omg
I’m waiting for the last colour in your logo          *-Me Knowing It Won’t Happen*
The puzzle element is actually in Gardenscapes. I've played it. So...
Pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
4th Theory Channel: Conspiracy Theories
Hi love your vids!!!!
My brother got sick of an ad and played it #riseofkingdoms
Is no one going to talk about the description says fnaf is played/mentioned
Hey I like gardenscapes but my phone broke so I lost so much progress
The fact that “MY FATHER IS THE CHEIF OF NAVY” is a Chinese accent, it’s really funny to hear as a Chinese (well kinda)
If only the they put the same effort in actually making the game instead of the ads...
Worse,install with virus
in these supid mobile game ads, it id always like" can you reach the end of the puzzle????? only 1 person has done it!!!!!" then you press on the puzzle and it makes you go to the app store
Eeeeeeeppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccccc
*Evony: The Kings Return* is something i havent tried
I was watching this video and then like some anime looking mobile game ad just popped up (yeah nice try mobile game ads)
Pooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Thank you for giving us this information 👍
Pc games are 1000 times better then mobile games
Fnaf 6
You missed a chance to say “in your EPIC pockets”
this 35 year old doing theories on video games is basically what i watch now.
My sister: I’ll download this game. It takes 1 hour to download. It: has nothing to do with the ad. Us: it will come or we don’t know how to play it. It never came
Hey Matpat my granny has been playing this for 2 years and has reached lvl 4600+
Ngl currntly gendhin codm and albion might be the only mobile games that are not lying about there games currenly at least oh yeah and also pokemon moba
Matpat: comparing evolution to mobile games Me: They’re just very similar tbh
Like Minicraft or lokicraft which use Minecraft footage
Epic epic epic epic Avenger epic epic Adventure Gamestar video
Rog frumos faci un bro Stars
Bro Stars video
Bro Stars video
The ad in the middle of THIS video was rise of kingdoms
😂Whilee i was watching this amazing video i got a mobile game ad😂
I had an add that was sponsored and YOU MATPAT were In it.the game was dislite and I saw it in this video.
Ngl that stick was kinda epic
day 1: of asking mat to make a game theory on ice scream
*fake flues 22* x2
matpat:u can do anything in this game me:can i pee?
the mouse curscer is in Fnaf ucn mobile.
I have a solution to the ads. Turn off the wifi
My main issue is that some of these games are actually playable… except that you have to watch about a minute long ad for another game about every 30 seconds to 1 minute.
Hey MatPat. Make a theory on Ratchet & Clank! I would really appriceate it
I have had a false virus ad multiple times before. I also may have even had a fake virus to try to prove that those ads were true but  it went away after I ignored that ads for a while so that is why it has to be fake
so you've been ruining my childhood ever since i was born?
A great but different example of disappointingly misleading advertising for mobile games is the cinematic trailer for Warpath. It's 5 minutes long, but it's a *masterpiece* . I truly believe this is not an understatement, it goes SO HARD for 5 whole minutes, and it has a whole 5 minute song which is just as great.   The game itself? Haven't played it personally, but most of the comments say it's absolute trash, especially compared to the trailer.
Imagine you watch a mobile game ad for this
Downloaded Gardenscapes, unfortunately, out of curiosity and sadly can agree with Matpat's staff that the actual game is different from the ads T_T
do  Roblox!!! Please.
MatPat: blah blah blah best described in one word… EPIC EPIC EPIC Me: … that’s three words
Thank god
YOU MADE MY WEEK WITH THAT LAYLEE AND KAZOOIE CAMEO ❤️❤️
So can we talk about dislyte ads they Are really cool
*"Humanity is just the worst to itself."*
and then we got supercell ads, a gift from heaven
League of legends wild rift a scam of league of legends.
quandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dingle
quandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglev
quandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dingle
quandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dinglequandale dingle
This is epic
I have always wondered this, so thank you lol.
Game theory ruining childhood since 2011
im watching these adds to end and then just dont play it to make creators pay :D
Yes I agree mad mat
Thank you so much for making this video. I had been wondering about this on my own. It super annoys me and I have also seen examples of games lifting visuals from others, and of course the pull the key shenanigans.
This episode of game theory has been sponsored by hero wars and Homescapes.
The ad at the beginning was better then most mobile ads lol
I got one of those ads when I was watching this
i hate all mobile ad games, especially Evony.
I got a ad that is fake
Off-topic but Anyone gonna talk about monika's tenseigan in the intro at 1:00
These ads were always sus I never like those ads even the really Game names are very sus
video *talks about the bad mobile game ads* the ad for this video: bad mobile game ad what could be more ironic
shes a mom for sure
At 2:30, Bad dreams or mini-games in Homescapes + Gardenscapes appear more or less often depending on the device you play on, I'm Lvl 3500+ And On My Motarola Phone I've gotten over 15 Minigames so far as a I can remember but On my iPhone I've gotten around 8 at Lvl 3400
5:33 pro tip: just turn off ur wi-fi
The only ads I watch are movie trailers
Was that the super amazing endcard turniment
How  come micro transactions don’t trigger spending real money?
That’s why I stopped playing mobile games.
I hate mobile adds😡
I've had a "stealing game add", 2 actually, one ripping off another mobile game, and another, taken straight from YT (I can confirm the stolen game for 2 is beam.ng drive a car crash game)
EPIC EPIC
I was watching this on mobile and got one of these ads
Didnt even mention voodoo
I missed the old mobile where the games were not infested with micro-transactions and the advertisements weren't misleading.
I have YouTube premium luckily
i just made my mom dodge a bullet
"It's not a crime if you don't get caught" - This is such a sociopath way of thinking.
Yeah the monster legends game adds now have “ not actual gameplay” but like if ur gonna say that why bother making a fake add and make a real one or add that to the game so it isn’t fake anymore?
the game garden scapes got me and made me feel disapointed so i uninstalled it
E P I C
I still watch the intro only for the game I made out of it. Find the sans simulator.
This happens with me but with money
Mobile games use all there 5$ budgets on the adds
I pay for data so it still cost me to download these games
Is there any actual ad that represents what it shows like that but without ads?
Ok but we can we talk about how in the beginning when Mat is holding the phone opposite to the normal side and showing us the examples of the game ads we get on YT?
Atleast Zombie Tsunami(An old game) is very accurate
epic 1:31
This is nothing compared to HOW BAD THE NEW ADS ARE!!!!!!
mmmmuuuuuuuussssssiiiiiiiiiiiiicccccccccccmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnn
I figured there was more than 15.8 million idiots in the world.  Weird
I personally think that the ads that show things shouldn't learn about targeted at children are the worst
Alternate title: white guy complaining about ads.
I manly watch YouTube on my iPhone 13 so yes I do hate to deal with shity mobile game adds
EPIC!
Damn, if you were born back in the glory days of mobile games you were raised correctly
i stopped playing garden scapes, because i got annoyed by the false ads and didnt want to support them anymore
Every ads have a copyright audio and video plus they still get away with everything including some 3d stickmen but have the same content
8:38 dude it's to late to save that thing we are  not able to help... 😬
i hate these kinde of ads that its a playable ad but in the middle while playing when i press it it just shoot me to the appstore
I got one of those ads watching this😂
Very Amazing
bra sim wtf is happening to mobile games
At least Genshin never do me this dirty
I never played gardenscapes till now, I used to think that it was absolute garbage because of the ads
this isn't a theory, it's a straight-up fact. a sad, ugly, infuriating one at that
IVE LITERALLY BEEN COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SAME THINGS IN THAT OPENER. The ads are never like the games!!
I've got worse ads where it's bland minecraft rip-off that made basically a minecraft advert with weird names like craft city looking
I am requesting a Deltarune chapter 2 theory in the comments of every video on this channel.
I was watching this on my phone and when the adds came it was ONLY mobile game adds like HOW DO THEY KNOW
So this is the online version of prohibition? Its technically not legal but nobody is enforcing the rules
Go check Kings choice it give u an add where u decide ur life but the game is just a battle
EPIC
2:34 AlyssaBeCrazy?! Is she the YouTuber? Gotta subscribe her!
I hate ads!
I don't get that more of then
I actually saw an ad that talked about our suffering from fake ads its called evony the Kings return
evony ads say they have the puzzles, but no.
cygames?! as in THE cygames?! the ones that made shadowverse, princess connect redive and uma musume pretty derby?! they plan to make project awakening?! well thats a first i heard of it
I wish there's like a report option for playstore and applestore, like many reports equal remove
Fact : You Cannot Comment Without Clicking A Video
At 1:00 my question is is there something tied to this?
i mean, if they would make real ads, that means they have to WORK for money
Some ads are just gameplay *in the game* and some telling about the game  *about another game*
YOre PHONE Has VirUS tap HERE tO REmove it lol
I tested evony and its a ripoff clash of clans even though the ads are puzzles
funny how the ad that played after i watched this video was complaining about how game ads are misleading
If someone ever used that ad on a game, I would play it
Remember kids. If you see high graphics or realistic game on mobile its will be to obvious that its fake cuz most of that RTX game created for pc
Literally watching this and an Evertale ad starts in the middle
I HAVE A THEORY!!!!!      ok so....the entire theory about yuri from ddlc is her experience with markov which her sister was in too. Ayumi (from "fun times with Ayumi") is her younger sister and their dad was taken first. so thats how it ties in with ayumi's lore. Ayumi never mentioned yuri because she was at school the whole day and was barely home.
"New Mobile Game You can do whatever you want" ... I'm just going to walk over here, stick my head behind this door to muffle my... _screams of frustration emanating from behind a door_
*E P I C*
As I watched this and got an ad it was a ad that is completely fake! LOL
You should see the trailer for trainz 3 for iPad it. Looks like it’s from a completely different game but isn’t
It’s been forever since I heard the opening theme. Heaven.
ahem    *i found a game for buddies*
my mom: level 4000 or so in garden scapes am i a joke to you (also she only has gotten it 4 times)
cats are better than dogs
I have an ad that shouldn't even be legal  Those "WHAT IS SHE HIDING??" ads. Like they actually can see through or mostly through their CLOTHES
Its funny how i did not get one or any adds on this video
my mom is level 4000 in gardenscapes
Merci pour l'explication. J'ai mis 1 an avant de tomber sur la video
evolution is not true
I have an question.. when the fnaf movie comes out.. will matpat do an theory on it ON game theory or film theory
the companies forgot that we can delete the app…
I am fully horrified by game theory saying dogs are better than cats! dog is god backwards! dog is less creative!
Evony saw this video and changed their ads
In programing the spilt testing is called shotgun debugging
No, ur just annoyed.
I played gardenscape playrix another game by playrix township
Thats wack We just learned about convergent evolution in class—literally today
I want you to research the strength between cats and dogs you don't have to do this for a video but do it anyways
The "Your phone has a virus" pop ups are the worst.
You should do one of these on the issue of mobile games being exact copies of other games, made by a "different company" even though they are mostly just daughter companies.
Here’s a story  Ok so a while ago I had seen an add for “super Mario maker” it was just called Super Maker it was my birthday and I begged my parent’s to get it for me on my kindle fire we looked at the comments they where positive we bought it for 20$ and it turned out to be a scam for some dumb Minecraft mod  The game is still there to this day we made a comment on the app to not get it
Yup. Take it from a guy who only uses the mobile version. Those ads suck
in my 4 years of memories of playrix games, i have never seen anything from the ads
Bendy reference in the tool he uses after the yt logo appears while talking about A B testing Thought I wouldn't spot that
For the ones who know, I lost the game and so did you
Hang on is you intro music start with the light thing based off of that memory light game
Mobile game ads being the product of convergent evolution is the weirdest hot take I've heard in a while lmao
When it whispers loser it was funny af
Pfff my moms on lvl 3000 something on gardenscapes
Wow, that was really cool! #Dani
I had gardenscapes and homescapes before the ads attacked. The ads were the reason why I deleted all my progress  😭
In reality, it depends on the cat or dog. A lion is much stronger than a chihuahua puppy, but a wolf is stronger than a Persian kitten.
This is the video I have been waiting for my WHOLE life.
I got a mobile game ad in the middle of the video
Honestly, I agree with you. The current generation of misleading mobile game ads is so misleading, with the true intentions of their games.
I say that this is true. Because i have played a game that looks NOTHING like the ads its truely a shame since the game looks fun as hell well the stop ads one ,well , they are fake. But i have to disagree for the no one complained about it but they actually did some only so they are kinda hard to find so im not really fond of ad games i always just play i saw on the app store so yeah but its just a theory so don't get too judgemental for this comment I'm just saying
I play Gardenscapes and am on level 2594 and have come across the mini games maybe less than 10 times?
I does not a spend a penny on a game
Why don’t you have a fourth theory channel because why would you have four squares instead of three squares if you’re gonna make three channels
“Be kind to each other, don’t lie . . . “ I liked that ending.
Yay I saw that to D:<
The ads do likely break tos
There’s actually a secret tactic I found on the adds  They do such stupid plays that they want you to be like “wtf just do it right” and make you want to do it instead of watching the ad
Me watching this: that is so so true
Him: there’s an old saying about how “it’s not illegal if you don’t get caught.”-  Me: oh hey!! That’s my saying! I say that almost every day! I’m being noticed!  Him: *-and while that is certainly not true*  Me: 😃🥲
Alr so i think getting minecraft bedrock edition on phone by downloading in the mediafire is kinda illegal and legal
sponsored by google pixel
a few weeks ago i got this notification that said you have 7 vires so i made a new google acount and boom stoped there where no vires
Okay I have just given up with those like pull the pin games cuz I like those games those are games I like to play. But then you get a better game anyway but for some reason it's still upsetting, and DO NOT GET ME STARTED ON THE BEATING FROM LOSING THE GAME IN ADS!
Garden scapes is W were at level 3000+
The ads for the game Legends of Neverland literally took the footage and even voice acting from the game Genshin Impact and did not get copyrighted.
true and it is making me mad😡
Power move: be broke so you have no money to get scammed out of
I'm surprised you haven't theorized that loot boxes in mobile games are gambling...
we can all relate to having these ads like every 5 sec and rolling our eyes at how they were false advertising as we wondering if they were even legal🙄
Me watching and seeing an ad That stole an animation
Only left brains can get to pink level OR ONLY 1% CAN WIN LEVEL 3
I got one of those ads while watching this vid lmao
my conscience loser funny 🤭😄
Yo i have a idea for another channel...a vlog channel
I literally got one of those ads
0:49  is epic
10:48.  Classic cleaner ads
E P I C G A M E
While watching this I got a ad for evony and it was so staged (its kinda like the u know ones with the Treasure and lava and water)
I got a weird Merge Mansion ad in the middle of the video
I keep getting ads that say stuff like “Genshin Impact + Pokémon = (forgot the name)”
Wait I can do anything you say so than…
There's a new type of ads about like you start from level 1 and you simply want to battle someone with a lower rank i mean there's a mobile game that is like that called huggy tower
There is a puzzle game that is real. Edit:‘it’s not hero rescue but it is a pull the keys
EPIC
Hide a Case IH tractor in the intro some how to represent farming simulator please!
EPIC
i dont care abot miss leading ads i care about exitting it with out going in the play store there must be a law that made the x button to a huge red square called leave in the bottom corner
the ads i trust fully is war wings and anything from supercell
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEÊEEÊEĘÈË
7:05 they still have annotations, and they block the screen making them very annoying, plus there's no way to turn them off, and now theyre updating it so that even if you minimize the video it stays plastered on the screen
As I was watching this I got one of those ads
Everytime I get a mobile game ad I come back to watch this video.
965 well my aunts game called “Matchington mansion” she just reached LVL 968198   no SERIOUSLY IM NOT EVEN KIDDING ANYMORE
0:49 bro its springtrap
My mother that died play this a lot before the ad even exists and she is on level 2789 from what I last seen
I had a bad mobile game ad when I clicked on this video
Well if BDSM practices are legal why not
That is why i got a ps4 cus at least theres no ads on consols playind EVERY 10 SECONDS these ads are EVERYWERE   I JUST WONNA PLAY MY GAME LEVE ME ALONE!!!.😡
So true
You have 84 spam comments.
Thought bats are rats with wings.
I swear if they put 50% of there mobile games graphics and stuff it would make the game better
They're getting worse, and lazier with those ads Mat...😒
if mafia city ads were real, it would be my favorite game. that is my dream life
Anybody else getting ads for taxes and home insurance? Like I dont need that?
The ad for "Epic " reminds me of the Crashlands Trailer video.
was else anyone still in primary school when this video dropped daaaaaamm high school teachers are dumb he literally gave a student a c when he did 400 more words than needed
i would play the mobile games if they didnt give me a ad that played it so horribly wrong
Please do miitopia
8:52 now thats what you call a person who is over 40 and thinksits a light hearted game. and my grandma had SO MANY games in her phone from clickbait ads
one of the most funny ads would have to be for 2 different racing games who use clips of forza in the ad 😂
Lovin'the intro
Is that the apex red background for the ads !
He had the wrench from bendy
For the most part I find mobile games to be boring.
Epic this video is epic that like buten  is epic that script is epic
The third ad is tooooo ridiculous (at 1:30 in the video)
🧠 praise our lord 📱 thank you for being our savior jesus Christ 💝
Too bad we can't flag the false ads when we see them and have them taken down when they get flagged.
and i hate that sometimes the ad is worse than the game itself
For me cats are stronger cus I love cats :3
I would love to join u and give u money but u do not have a choice to do so plz ad a option to do so
these ads are a little thing i like to call *fasle advertisment* wich u can get charged for
Hey Matt I do want to talk about right now and I’m on hire I’m in second place that makes me makes me feel very weird that I’ve only got like one thing and I am in second place.
man i miss annotations
I got a pull the key ad while watching
Funny thing is the ad your saying it pop up after your video 😂😂😂
I love getting the exsact ads Matt is talking about while watching the vid
9:10 actually genshin impact fished all the whales with the gacha system which is kinda popular in games like honakai impact or cookie kingdom. It's like gambling, u give something kinda small in hopes to get something bigger and powerful  I think
Brawl Stars, a game that quadrupled downloads through 1 sponser: *Look at what they need to mimic a fraction of our power*
Its funny how i already have Seen all the mobile ads that get mentioned in this episode, except the cyberpunk 2099.
Why nobody try stop ads lie to us.
brought to you by Raid shadow legends
I got one of those adds while watching
they should have a do not click sign.
i miss your old intro
HERO WARS IS A PIECE OF S--T.... I used to get the ad of the "game" commonly.... I actually had to complain to the social media websites I'm on to stop showing me ads for the crappy RPG.... I'm happy it's gone now.... But there are going to be more of these stupid homunculus games out there....
I legit got one of those are at the start of the video and then half way through
if i saw this intro as an ad i would immediately buy the game
This is why I would rather live in the forest, to get away from bad mobile games with untruthful ads.
And believe it or not, I literally got Ads for this these sorta games in this exact video!
I think it would honestly be worse if they really WERE the game
5:21 that’s literally just bad fallout shelter
Ok I hear you but I am sick and tired of the frozen baby/abuse ads. How can that be legal?
I love how the ads are worse than MatPat's videos.  (Edit): This is not hate, I just wanted to make a joke.
It should have said EPIC loser
7:15 … .. ronnie..😢
Warning, in japan. Someone trying to stealing content for commercial use is actually can become major problem, because the fine is significantly extreme. Not including on japan district court and also fine, company can increase the fine whatever they like if the damages are significantly causes it
I used to play this one match 3 game, Matchington Mansion, a ton and then just kinda ditched it a while ago. Can't bring myself to delete it because I'd be getting rid of a lot of progress, though. I do remember that even when I downloaded it a couple years ago it was because of a misleading ad. I recently downloaded a newer match 3 game, Project Makeover, but I haven't played that in a bit either. Even though I knew deep down that the gameplay wouldn't resemble the ad, part of me still hoped that it might. Now I mostly play weirder puzzle games (Nonogram is probably my favorite) and a handful of word games. That match 3 stuff gets boring fast.
I was a whale on Dokkan Battle and I regret it. I still love playing the game though.
Plot Twist: 0:18 - Theory Stock Photos 4:33 - You can't do what ever you want? We know those ads trick U obviously.
I never got an ad
He’s any one seen the blue monster stretch game It literally took a scene from the movie and changed it( they used the meme of the screaming child with the ipad
got a hero wars add while watching this lol
I just got a mobile ad that was like these
To new viewers who are wondering what the yellow and red lights on the game theory logo here is your answer from a large fan of gt;  Yellow is food theory; Red is film theory;  And the extra green is because mat pat hasn't made a 4th theory channel
Yo ftc logo looks like a smug face
"that stick?" me:EPIK!? "EPIK!!!" me: *YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!*
"Everything's legal when the police aren't around!"  -Grunkle Stan
"level 965" My mom at level 2673: "Pathetic"                                         no joke my mom actually made it this far idk how
My father is on 3000 and something
I once saw an ad for a game called “Hiroshima drifter” and it was just gameplay of Forza Horizon 4
7:23 I....ik it's the most popular to your audience but...cats are...NOOOOOOOO
Epic game theory. I have always wondered this. You also hit my follow up, why doesn’t someone just make this game that looks way more fun! Great job
That's one reason I like slither.io no miss leading ads
7:13 XD.
I literally saw a misleading and sexualized ad in the middle of this video ;-;
I was watching this and one of these ads literally popped up for no reason. Btw I am on a computer and rarely use a phone
I am done
its kinda funny that i went into gardenscapes to play it as soon as i watched this video
Appreciate Alyssa though probably the best at that game how many levels she played lol
While watching this video I got an ad for Evony. Mobile users understand what I just saw.
AFTER YEARS OF WATCHING YOUR CHANNEL I JUST NOTICED KRIS IN YOUR INTRO 😂😂😂🥲🥲🥲
I actually almost got scammed on a lot of money as a kid when I clicked a gift card thing
Should I troll my friend with this video…yes I should and sub to matpat for more info on life
So you're saying it's advertising carcinization?
Hey that happend to from roblox
I hate those ads that are like "craftworld" They're minecraft with mods!!! (In the ad)
Imagine there is a fnaf add that would be “Epic”
Dude my mom got to level 4000 in like a month in home escapes
heres a theory to stop this, TURN OFF YOUR MOTHER*#$&@NG WIFI WHEN PLAYING MOBILE GAMES
Some company: publish fake mobile game ads Summoner's Greed: "Pathetic" 😂
Fun fact: some company’s get lawsuits for millions cuz of those false ads
Hahaha jokes on you I'm broke
That stick was EPIC indeed
I just got annoyed at the ads honestly.
When the text said ruining your childhood since 2011 I was born on the 2011
immediately after watching this video, I got an ad for hero wars, a really dumb mobile game that is the king of false advertising XD
Game theory poppy playtime is on android and iOS
Hey sonic dash on my phone is awsome
Thank you, MatPat - TL
BIG BEAN SALAD
Wait the look of the game reminds me of Dota my cousin used to played Dota
2:59 lol it's funny how ads have a report button, to report them for "misleading"
the really ironic thing is after the video ended I got an ad for one of those mobile games lol
My grandma played garden scapes and she is on level 3654
Where can I download project awakening?
Wait, annotations are gone?
Kinda like The add I saw for merge magic But I still enjoy it and the design was the same so... Yeah
Hey,been hoping you would see a game ive been looking forward for you to try,i dont think these work,but im really hoping you do a few theories on Slime Rancher, so i guess like this post,and comment about the game to see if we can get A theory on Sline Rancher,very interesting lore there-…Anyways! day 1 asking for a slime rancher theory!
Me in the UK I just realised that I havent seen a gardenscapes / homescapes ad is almost a year
Thanks for this vide, I FRICKING HATE THESE GOD DANG ADS!!!!!!
It's funny to then pick a Scribblenaut baby instead a baby doll
I see your using the Google pixel 4 for that phones that's what phone I have
I feel like copyright lawyers could make bank off these things
I have a add blocker
omg i know why the bots in the puzzle games are stupid like soooooo  stupid for you to be   frustrated bc they were doing it wrong  so frustrated for youto download the game
These ads aren't even that bad once you've seen the NSFW ads that Youtube has put in their website
EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC EPIC  EPIC
Dude im using a tablet and i see an add then I download the game and its not like the add THEN I BECOME ANGRY AND DELETE IT but you are true
I find it funny that right when the video ended I got one of this misleading adds XD
after i finish the video i now have fully felt all the cringe inside me ill just bleach it all out
Just allow an open season for lawyers to go after false advertisements perhaps? I mean if Lawyers can go after easy wins like that, the money can go right back to where it's more helpful afterwards.
The fact I got one of these mobile game ads before the vid started 💀
My ad-blocker is getting rid of my wifi…
This video is epic
Some of the games that I have on mobile actually don’t do this kind of stupidness.
My grandmother, that is dead sadly, very sadly she was at lvl 9846 in gardenscapes
They should also ban the ads about things involving adult stuff
Have you seen those games that steal Alan Becker animations
Level 965? Oh sweet innocent person, I'm at level 2957. I'm at calvodoris plane restoration.
*S I N D U S T R I E S*
Prosecuted not persecuted MP.
I LITERALLY GOT A DAMN MOBILE GAME AD BEFORE THIS VIDEO.
I literally got a Gardenscapes ad while watching this...
EPICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
I'd rather play the great mobile games like: Roblox AMOGUS and more great games
They are clickbait ads and also there games are trash
The mention of annotations on youtube brought me a lot of nostalgia
I just realized i was born in 2011 and game theory was MADE in 2011.neat.
Guess what, the ad before this was none other than merge mansion
sadly no they aren’t illegal  *b u t  I m  g o n n a  c h a n g e  t h a t*
Idk why it made it blue
There was a game ad right before this video about a game called party.Io that used a gang beast clip as it’s ad.
Dogs are stronger than cats?! I deny your science!
7:07
That's why we use hack apk's
It did it with a dragon game it said I can make my own dragon by taking a picture but I like it x_x
i love how you used the object cringe intro theme lol
İt must be
GOCKCJOCK
NO in garden scapes and homescapes you get minigames but like one per day and you also need to be online cuz i am a -player of the game
DUBLY
BUBLIK
SIMPLE DIMPLE
When i play last day on erath it was true
Actually got an ad for a similar game while watching this ... YouTube is becoming self aware!
Your videos advertisements are literally the same stuff. And you complain
Avakin life?
Why did you say stick is epic
here's a fun experiment I've been doing. for the past year I've been reporting these ads whenever i get them (theirs an (i) icon on the lower left of the screen) and i can say so far i actually seem to get MORE of these ads on youtube. (like youtube is trying to punish me for reporting these adds) I mean at the least you would think they would be trying to show me adds that i would be more interested in, but that doesn't seem to be the case. the only other explanation is that their are so many of these mobile game adds out that when you report one and they stop showing you it 2+ pop up in its place (honestly its hard to tell considering how closely they look alike most likely made from the same advertisement group) just thought i would share, maybe someone had better results then me.
Yea ADS are annoying
"That Picture Of P*rn?"  " *E  P  I  C* "
Evolution. Hahahahaha
Literally just got an ad while watching this that said you can make your character it’s a crapy mobile rpg
Except cod mobilr
Parents: you can't just play video games and watch movies all day. This guy:
I literally got an ad like the ones talked about in the video, at the beginning of this video…
bro i just got an ad for batman arkham origins, a literal 9 year old game, why is this the ad i’m getting, i got all excited for a new batman game but no it’s just a game almost every batman fan has played :(
Omg I just got an ad that was in this as an ad during the video.
That's how mafia works.
👁👄👁
Ok, I play Homescapes and I’m at level 300, and I’ve gotten the “mini games” more than 2 times and I must say, Homescapes is REALLY FUN. I like puzzles and designing and that’s what Homescapes is. But there are really bad Mobile game adds
The Chinese
I don't comment much but your comment about dogs being better than cats I have to disagree 🤣
The most ads I hate are the ones like: so hard!!, when the answer is very very obvious. It makes me soooo angry 💢😡😡
you didn't even talk about the psychology of those ads, how they depict a simplistic game situation and then it animates as if some other player is playing it. . really badly. and they fail at it. even though it's like, the easiest thing in the world. and a person looks at it and is like "pshh, that player sux so bad, i could do that way better than them" and then downloads the game to try it.
Meanwhile, I just get "It was against the rules to relieve myself in the presence of the alpha...but *I DiDn'T gIvE a DaMN* "
My dad plays Homescapes, and he's at level 5k or 4k something.
5:21 literally just fallout shelter but bad
We need the epic ad to exist
Bro pleased  do the rise of kingdom ads there so horrible and then play the actual game it sucks you’ll see why
Thanks for the information mat pat cause I'm soon making a game with a ad for YouTube and I ain't scamming thanks mat pat! I never knew I could learn something.
The reason i use an add blocker
Fishdom does this it just doesn't give you the mini games that the adds promise
Fun fact: my dad is level 3,000 and something in Homescapes
Know what’s funny when I pressed on this video I got one of those wierd video game ads like you mentioned in this video
1:32 a new Pokémon has been discovered
I love this channel
1:32 😂
https://youtube.com/shorts/AFCqD6xu3yU?feature=share ❤️ found this?
Misleading ads are illegal but yet ads still are misleading
I've seen a lot of ads stealing things from YouTubers and even other things and ads are even stealing things from other ads and putting misleading things to make older or younger audiences to download the game and play and they're going to be very disappointed to see that it's all fake
Most ads I see now are like LOL you oNlY have 20k pOweR iM breaking uP with yOu
1:09 thats a bit sussy
Mobile gaming is horrible and everything wrong with the whole industry.
Who got a mobile game ad while watching this video?
7:06  they still have the setting to turn them on/off lmao
Why can’t creepers get burned in the sun in Minecraft
12:41 It's like a quote by Sheremetyev about russian laws: The severity of Russian laws is offset by the optionality of their implementation
Idk how
Humanity is just the worst to itself -Matpat 2021
Gardenscapes still have misleading ads with no sign of the warning, please check this out in a later video
Mobile Game Ads make me searching really weird things, these will curse my brain. yeah I'm really serious about it, better click off Mobile Game Ads or... it will Curse your brain  actually is way too sexualized, even FAKE ADS to attract your attention
Never gonna give u up
Next Theroist seiries should be Music Theory
Smh I got two mobile ads just watching this video lol
Old man Consequences
Kinda funny since I had to write an essay about things I know a lot about and this video is also doing the same topic I wrote about
This make me end playing in mobile forever and play only on my shitty 4gb ram laptop with no graphics card
This is the only reason you get premium
the intro was so funny XD
Ads factory
I saw a "racing" game ad that used footage of beamng drive wich costs 20€ and the game after i downloaded it looked like a 10 cent production game😑
mod apk should not be ilegal and ads should be ilegal
springtrap f!!king dies in the intro
springtrap f!!king dies in the intro
springtrap f!!king dies in the intro
I saw an ad like this during the video
Lol I was just checked long watching this video and on of the exact same ads appeared on my screen
Epic epic epic epic totally epic!!!!!!! Download today
I’m not gonna lie, I tried to click on an X when he showed adds.
EPIC
But the real game genshin is not lying the have a real ad that goes with the game
so im seeing that there like minipulating and making you click it because there failing so much so like you want to click it because you wanna like do it right
Right after the video finishes an ADD comes up on my screen
Not all mobile games are like this.
And what about the copyright violation? Users have to pay millions of dollars because they downloaded ten MP3 files and these companies steal video and sound footage of another game for personal profit and nobody cares?
It's disgusting how women are shown in these game ads. It makes me very sad and upset, my younger sister gets them too and just looks so confused about what the hell she is seeing.
Pro-tip: you can use a private dns server to block all advertisements, device-wide.
is the voice actor for the guy at the start the actor for ed from ninjago
Level one grunt gets beat up by level 20 person level 20 girl gives a box to the level one grunt and the level one front is a 100 level crime boss
i got one of these ads while watching this
4:28 lol my mom has played this gsme for 7 years
Imagine working on ad more than the actully game
I downloaded hero rescue, or one like that.  It was indeed full of ads and it felt icky somehow, it’s hard to explain.
When he show the ads I go my attention to see the skip ad
It's even worse when they add the x in the corner, and then it's not even the real one, just a picture.
Actually, this type of thing is illegal. But they don’t have enough publicity to be recognized by anyone who knows it’s illegal.
You need to revisit this, they are getting wayyy worse: mysoginist, torture, and going to the extremes of what should be allowed.
Man, i remember annotaniots like yesterday.
great job with your videos game theory
I wish someone somewhere out there in USA sue those misleading app
I have seen many ads that break their own guidelines
When air says loser is the a rick and morty renfrese when jerry hear loser
What about those stupid ads that auto-open the Play Store or App Store, even if you don't click on them? Shouldn't those be brought up as well? I know they're probably not illegal in any way, but they're annoying as heck.
Can we get a music theory by now
Bro. In one of carl olsberg s "das dorf" novels it's explained, that the normal zombies have already lost all of their memories and hints to their lives as villagers, while the villager zombie still has some memories left. Please look at this post, Matt
The moment I heard federal government, I knew that this whole episode centerd american laws to much.
Mobile game ad:pee on mouth or reestablish communism and soviet union
The worst adds are the ones the ones where they play the games completly wrong like why cant you just do the easyiest tasks in the world
STOP MAKING ME FEEL OLD
Wait mobile version of youtube show this ads? Maybe i should access youtube by chrome now
I found 6 mobile games that have those things that in the ad 😎😎😎😎
Help me
Wow now I know when video title are like I exposed mrbeast and the video is a completely different thing.
The kids apps and VOODOO industries are ruining mobile industry
I've seen a game that is like the zombies game and puzzle game already does that
I got a mobile ad when I clicked the video
As I watched this I got an ad for one of the games showed in the video it was so weird✨
But that is just a fact a GAME fact
So uh, i was in this some sorta website? And then a pop up shows up, telling me that i have to download this app to “ Increase “ my battery life.  I cant remove the pop up, I cant click no ( since i’ll get the same thing if i press yes )  Is this even legal???
hero rescue may be the most annoying one
damn, i remember playing gardenscapes and homescapes, pretty cool but impossible
How about hero wars tho that game looks so fun but you download it and it is completely different (I’m talking about the tower fights with the monster with9999 power)
0:01 any general ad intro
s
Yeah its false advertising
965? Enter my dad 5723
This is why I hate mobile youtube ads and only use it when I'm in bed or needed
I try (EPICLY) to stop the add but i can't:(
I literally saw a mobile game ad which used the movie “sausage party” THAT’S RIGHT! SAUSAGE PARTY
They say its hard but its too ez its like they say were dumb
I was born in 2011 and game theory "ruining my childhood since 2011"
My only question is why hasn't anyone cracked down on the evertale ads since there misleading and it costs money to download the app someone please bring more attention to this
Whats funny is as i'm watching this very interesting vid, i got hit with the exact ad he was admonishing half way through... talk about irony!!!🤣🤣🤣
If you go on airplane mode the ads don’t work
I got a mobile game add from this video lol
i was on my phone and saw a add for genshin same cutscence from the story quest so i clicked it and it lead me to a game that isn't genshin and just a game where you have to match tiles 😭🤚
What happened to the intro for game theory and film theory
install infinite money or gems to not spend any money on these
watching this on mobile rn and i got a rip off ad 👁️👄👁️
bruh I guess markiplier's real name is OLIVER STEPHON LOL
Those Rise of Kingdoms adds make me go bruh
Rise of kingdom’s, afk arena, fishdom etc.
Imagine how happy the citizen will be if apple and ban these adds.
The devs who spend years on making a great mobile port: Our game isn't illegal =(
mine are illegal
"Epic" ad looks better than "I've tried 333 times and still can't untie!" Like  You even trying bro-?
What I find funny is I literally got one of those ads before this video 😂
while i was watching this i got that exact game 1:20
Excuses me thats Antin's dream that a rare thing
12:45 what is this game called i played it before but the name has slipped my mind internet help meh
When everything is "Epic" nothing is epic.
There lazy
AND DON'T FORGET ABOUT ALL EDITORE APP AND ANIMATED APP AND DON'T MAKE ME TALKING ABOUT THOSE MUSIC APP
I cant stop my mom but she played gardenscapes until level 2600 2:47
i funde fish
I play that game
"It's not a mistake", ✨ IT'S A MASTERPIECE ✨
I started playing GardenScapes like 6 years ago and like it (I’m on lvl 4500 or so and f2p), but then they brought up that ad and I’m like: Why would you do that? The game was perfect, but then you added pay2win things and those ads, that brought a bad light onto your game!
Okay but can we agree the simply piano adds are a bit addicting-
some of those can be a virus
Same thong with "pro weapon sim". The game copied another game on mobile called "weaphones"
The Fishdom ads aren't misleading though, the main game isn't like the ads, but they put minigames in it that are exactly like the game in the ads
Did you know that when I watched this video, I got like 7 of those ads you were talking about, it's like the ads are trying to convince me that they are truthful
Me: clicks on video MOBILE GAME ADD: PLAYS!
My mom is on level 4242 on homescapes and she has only gotten 8 or 7of those mini games
Pov: you have youtube premium
Do a shin Godzilla thoey
Right now I'm really annoyed there's the stickman game ad going around and it's getting really popular and it is using  Alan Becker's YouTube animation footage We need to stop mobile games
if you are in a Mario Kart would you stay alive and if yes how long
Nah minecraft doesn't lie it doesnt even have ads minecraft ripoffs oh I don't even want to talk about it
U SED DAT TO MAI FEIS AN AM A CAT PERSEN
Hulu watching this :👁👄👁
Thank you, you don't know how much i needed this.
Yes.
:you get a cool ad that is not the game and I get happiness
What is TBD
That Rick and morty reference at the beginning 😂
Unforgivable cases of FALSE ADVERTISING!
What about the me beast fake ads on YouTube? Raffling off money in his name
Me who just found out im a power player) oh cool i spend thousands of pounds on games
idea look at the lore of legend of Zelda
Oliver Steven's prole photo is Markiplier XD.
Why do so many of the ads feature a grandmother leaving a broken down house to a woman with a baby who freezes if you don't fix the house?  Or a pregnant wife who's husband cheats, he leaves, and the house breaks down?   Or a woman who finds a lost child on the street, but brings the child back to a house that's breaking down?  Etc.  Do you see a theme here?
Also speaking of adds, I got a small bottom of the screen add... for an Ad blocker.... insert facepalm.
Also, the fact some idiots use separate games. I got a ad today that was dead wrong. They were using a clip using mods in the all well known physics sim, beamng drive. Alas, the game thumbnail just showed me that it was just one of those swipe games.
Don't you mean " Water you wating for?"
EPOK
As I was watching this, a Gardenscaoes commercial came up exactly like the one you were talking about. I love Gardenscapes and Homescapes. I got it before all of the escape ads came. When you get past the fact it just match- 3-games and home restoration, then it's kind of fun.
Am I the only one who noticed the William afton on his desk
My mom is lvl 4 thousand something
1:06 look at the bottom
I will not tolerate any Austin slander. Home/garden scapes is fun!!!
If i find an ad interesting I go onto the playstore and look at the images
Hiii! I play Gardenscapes and I'm on level 2482 and I can totally agree with you! I downloaded it after seeing the ad with the mini game initially I was a little annoyed with the whole actually it's a match puzzle to earn stars then after so many levels you eventually get the mini game. Love your work!
yea 3d world bowsers fury
These ads are just evolving     ‘’’       Backwards
E P I C
Makes sense why Matpat would defend False Advertising considering the Heartbound situation.
**BOOM**  E P I C
FTC logo kinda looks like a face
Now I know why *RAID: Shadow Legends* got away with it.
So what if the game automatically opens the in-app store first thing when you launch it (even the first launch)? Would such a purchase qualify?
7:23matpat?! Are you joking cat has nine live and if someone is trying to kill the cat he will get bad luck beacuse one of god like cat and he make cat have nine live and secret power if someone kill cat
I love how I'm waching this then an ad showed up one of those mobile game ads
This video feels like an ad just explain it mate
Yep
Have you ever seen a add and it tells you to touch the screen and when you touch it takes you to the App Store bro like omg why
Also the whole reverse psychology on easy games doesn't work stop
1:38 same here
hey guys its yo boi 'call 911' today we are going to be doing the "try not get a brain cramp from ads challenge!"
Comment on the ads from Mobile Legends...... A game like that that has so many critics, and it's the most unsure promises whether is it legal or not to show that it is a very fun game......... It's may not be viral in the US 😄(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4y3Q-H_1y4)
logic
Did the ads company pay Banished to use this footage? Because it seem that this is their property.
i got exactly the types of ads talked about in this video while watching this video lmao
Real but not for roblox and Mech Arena
My mum plays Homescapes and Gardenscapes. She's at over level 3456. She has only gotten those things 5 times.
Pretty cool video i like
Alyssa...is that..Jerica? :o
Nice
This dude is honestly scary
https://youtu.be/OkyT0eSLuv0 if you want lore about what happens i got a story about it and i think it's illegal home garden or whatever it is is the worst
13:25 So is it bad that I like gardenscapes then?
Epic  epic   epic
8:36 ah yes burning a baby makes me wanna play that game
They are getting money by showing ads and trying to sell us the in-game product but most of us don't buy it but we gotta see one ad every single level
*E P O K.*
MatPat: *talk about misleading mobile ads*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Me: *gets the pull the keys ad*
Fun fact: This is the last game theory episode that had an intro
False advertising is a crime but if only half of whatever is advertised is shown then it is still legal.
BiliBili ads not for kids EPIC
👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎🏾👎🏻👎🏻👎🏾👎🏾👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎👎🏽👎🏽👎👎🏽👎👎👎🏽👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎👎🏻👎👎🏻👎🏿👎🏿👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏿👎👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏽👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏽👎🏾👎🏻👎👎🏾👎🏻👎👎🏾👎🏻👎👎🏻👎🏽👎👎🏿👎👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏿👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎👎🏾👎🏾👎🏻👎👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏿👎👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏿👎🏾👎👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏾👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏿👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏿👎😠👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽😠👎👎🏽👎😠😠👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏽👎🏿👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎🏾👎👎🏻👎🏾👎🏽👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏾👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎👎🏾👎👎🏾👎🏾👎👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏾👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎👎🏾👎🏾👎🏼👎🏾👎🏼👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏽👎👎🏾👎👎🏾👎👎👎🏾👎🏾👎🏿👎🏾👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏿👎🏾👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎👎👎🏼👎🏽👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎👎🏿👎👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎👎🏼👎🏾👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏾👎🏿👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎👎🏿👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏾👎👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏻👎🏿👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏾👎🏾👎👎🏾👎👎🏽👎👎🏻👎🏽👎👎🏻👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏽👎🏿👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎👎🏿👎🏼👎👎🏿👎🏿👎👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏼👎👎🏻👎🏼👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏻👎👎🏿👎🏿👎👎🏿👎👎🏼👎🏻👎👎🏻👎🏼👎🏿👎👎🏿👎👎🏼👎🏿👎👎👎🏿👎🏼👎👎🏿👎🏼👎🏿👎👎👎🏿👎🏼👎👎🏿👎🏿👎👎👎🏼👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎👎🏼👎🏿👎🏿👎👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏿👎👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎👎👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏿👎🏻👎🏽👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏽👎👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏽👎🏼👎🏽👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏿👎🏻👎🏽👎🏻👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏾👎🏿👎🏿👎👎🏾👎🏾👎👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏾👎🏿👎👎🏿👎🏾👎👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏿👎🏻👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏿👎🏽👎🏻👎🏾👎🏿👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏻👎🏿👎🏾👎🏼👎🏽👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏾👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏻👎🏾👎🏻👎🏼👎🏾👎🏾👎🏻👎🏼👎🏼👎🏻👎🏽👎🏾👎🏻👎🏼👎🏻👎🏼👎🏾👎🏻👎🏼👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽👎🏾👎🏽👎🏾👎🏽👎🏽👎🏾👎🏽👎🏾
In garden  my grandma got to 3,769 and never got the mini game again
As I was watching this I saw an ad that I knew was click bait
made a video on gacha games
cant believe theese traps cant get me even though whem im like 10
There are still decent games, they don't have any ads and let the game speak for itself
6:00 as PewDiePie says "we are evolving , just backwards"
Is this why I haven’t been seeing game ads
hey hotdogs lets play epic the game
Dogs are not Strugar than cats🤬😡
The mafia city add  is so ironic
1:21 I saw that app
I remember when I was playing a game on my phone I got an ad of two sexualised women playing classic rock paper scissors game and it just made me uncomfortable of what happened.   And wow I cant believe there are ads that are inappropriate and make others uncomfortable.
Bendy will always be loved and will be remebered
I still like gardenscapes lol
*Y O U  J U S T  G O T  B E A N E D*
I looked at the thumbnail and said “I don’t know … It’s not”
i want to die
Speaking of AdSs there's always that one LGBTQIA quiz on the side of where all the videos are😶
8:10 me for no reason: Barw ba barw barw bar
This is the last video has this intro
And check out Alan beakers
Look at stick fight adds 😫🤢😤
Jijjnijijijij8jjjjjmjjdksdjkdmkmsxkksxlskxlskxkmejfnrjdskxmskkoakspas.   Ugh!!!!! I hate mobile games!😤😫  just this week one of the YouTubers I watched content got stolen!
I sometimes get a game and then the second I get into it I say hey! This ain't like the ad! And delete it!😅
pffft my mom is on level 4000 or something
Not all mobile games are bad.
HEY GARDINEN SCAPES IS GREAT 😡
I have seen so much fake ads that I no longer trust them as in any ads I see I immediately call them scams
I love your content, do you think you could do the game "Mappy" naxt
I remember an ad that not only had gameplay from a PC game but was using footage from a youtuber who played the PC game. The video from the YouTuber was a few months old and I just so happened to remember the few seconds of footage they stole and recognized it.
Also if you have a game that doesn’t require Internet just turn off the Internet so there won’t be any adds
Actually is there are games very worse than us there are games that say reveal the girl and they’re like inappropriate
My least favourite ones are the ones that are literally just misogynistic. There's one for a zombie game I keep getting where the protagonist uses an xray camera to look at women's lingerie, MAKES SLUPRING NOISES then finds one woman who has a zombie bite under her clothes.
so, he says stuff about misleading mobile game ads, but completely ignores THUMBNAILS.
How did we go from beautiful Clash of Clans full on short movies too.. this. I remember waking up one morning, watching my Prestonplayz one day and seeing “I CANT REACH PINK!!!” I was used to Clash of Clans or even new movies. Then I had to adapt to this.
They should be cod mobile is biggest scam ever created
I got a bad mobile game ads for this video
Mat: one word described is… 2 seconds later epic epic epic Me: hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Ha that is nothing my grandpa is 3000+ level thing he is like 70 btw
yes
How about copyright? You can't use Banished footage to advertise your match3 game...
game theory making a video. Epic!
But some are literally stealing
lol why cant install ad blocker
I wonder how the stock image man feels knowing he's basically a celebrity now on Game Theory.
CATS ARE BETTER!
I love that "ruining you're chilhood since 2011".
I think there's a type of ad where they dub a video a crowd looking at a rich guy/girl and the crowd says "how did u get so rich" and the rich say "easy, play our game it gives 4000$ a hour" then proceeds to show you a fake ad where its obviously fake
When the mobile game is nothing like the ads: “Wait, that’s illegal!”  When the mobile game is exactly like the ads: “Just like the simulations!”
The UK advertising agency has actually banned so many ads like this but the phone stores and developers don't enforce the bans...
The most annoying ads I've ever came across from had this dialogue: (keep in mind, the voice is text to speech, and its supposed to be Billie eilish) (Game Ad: Hair Dye) "I want my old hair again. What?! Purple?! Can't you see?! Its green! Yes, wash it out. It's still there!"  And this one (still TTS, still supposed to be billie):  (Game ad: Acrylic Nails) "I want these nails! Ow! What are you doing?! Pink?! I want green! Are you blind?!"
Theres another weakness for them that effects all of them and anyone planning the same, awareness
:/
Ah these games... That's why I love subway surfers the only game except temple run and temple run2 which will never die these three are the legends in mobile game history
What channel is the bottom right
I just play the innocent old ones like evolution :))
"Enough to reach level 965"  My mom: those are rookie numbers
I’ve gotten scammed once
Seen a company blame a 3rd party ad developer for a misleading ad!
I was born when this channel was created
Tip: Always check the app and check the photos that show the REAL gameplay
*I hate ads that are wrong according to gameplay*
“*Ads that are wrong according to gameplay should be banned*
I’m literally following all of your theory accounts on all 4 of my YouTube channels lol
I actually like garden scapes but I’m on level 200 and I’ve got at least more than five of the mini games
Grandpas in 2056: back in my day we had something called the "dislike button"
I saw a add and it was beam n.g drive but the game is TERRIBLE it said there was destruction and I have beam ng and it is a great game but when I downloaded the game I now don’t  download mobile games.
Annotations are not old; I guess you can say they are old.
Ah yes the nostalgia of pop-ups, i hate em.
But I love garden scape game and still play it till now I'm now in more than 1000 level but your theory is very very annoying and I'm completely with you in this problem the ads is VERY ANNOYING like lords mobile that make every week new ad
Did u notice the game theory logo flash green yellow and red
2:45 she is in level 965 and im still in the first level
I remember a year or two ago i made a video about those falsely made ads because it got on my nerves, and judging by the mobile games ad reddit it's horrible how they falsely advertise 🤦🏾‍♀thanks matpat for saving everyone.
lol making a mobile add with a computer mouse thats clickbait
man I hate this kinda ads like no one can do this or somethong like that
Meh Media could be a dope company.
One day I saw a MOBILE GAME ADD That it stole a video that I have seen
Try simply piano ads there bad
memores
Hey,i know it's a little off topic but does everyone know a game that u can autoplay ( mobile, if im not wrong  there mount's like the crescent moon one ) i broke my phone a year ago and i missed the game
Best ads are the mafia city ones. Change my mind.
i just saw an ad while i was watching this
Him:Why isn’t anybody doing anything to stop it? Me:I would if I could.
I like the little springtrap Funko
Just saying my moms on level 5962 of homescapes
one of my biggest pet peeves is when ad makers don’t even play their game right
My brother got tiktok without realizing what it was (we aren't allowed to have social media) because the ad was of the app groove pad were you tap different sound effects to make music
I would pay so much money to see one of these ad developers in court and charged for making misleading ads. It would be satisfying as f...
4:32 one of those ads showed up by stick fighting game but used footage of Alan bekers stick shows
BEST INTRO EVER btw i hate when that stuff happens its sum COMPLETLY different than the real game
0:11 missed opportunity to use “ep-stick”  😔🤚🏻
Others even steel footage from youtubers
matpat what about mobile legends bang bang?
0:49 and 1:00 is no one going to talk about monika as michael afton and the smol springtrap in the desk
The man who spoke the words of wisdom
rec room on 📱 : you b***h
Anyone remember those old ads that show the actual gameplay and actually explain the point of the game like angrybirds,jetpack joyride,pvz,doodle jump etc ads? but now we got these fake ads
Just watch a youtube video and there will be a ad popping up. I say "Hey this game is fun and interesting". But when I finished downloading the game I then said "What the heck? Why the game is so different then the ad?"
Truth is,yes they are
I wanted to see PAYDAY 2 game theory videos
This add i saw a few mins ago stole fotage from a youtuber named alan becker
Wehn i start watch this vid there was idle heroes add whoch i thougth was part of the video but ACTULLY AN ADD IT WAS SO CRINGE!!!!!
Their is only 2 true one of these and that are not entirely quality
But what about ad revenue? Every now and then one of these ads will get me, it’ll something totally different to what it said, i’ll play it for about 5 minutes and then delete it. But during those five minutes I would’ve watched 2 or 3 ads that the developers would’ve been paid for.
Complete solution: ban mobile games and ads entirely. No method for false advertising, no stress enforcing them, no misleading information
Ahhhh... the benefits of premium!  *inhales* hewwww
I play garden scapes ,and I've had ONE bad dream on level 576!!
cats are da best 7:32
literally got an ad for a mobile game in the middle of this video 😀
Ugh I absolutely hate those game ads 😀
So true
has anyone seen the new idle heros add which pretty much goes yeahhhhhh sorry BUT STILL DOWNLOAD OUR GAME
My mom plays same game as Alisa and she beated more than 2000 levels
As far as I know, there are only 3 channels Game, food, and film theory Is there any possibility of a fourth channel? Or does it already exist?
YouTube is doing the same thing with ads but putting two in one ads.
is it legal, to play games on Monday?  yes, ok -69419 social credit
The one for Lily’s garden is actually entertaining  the rest can vanish
2:13 look at the left bottom corner
They have steal many footage from the Friday night funkin
7:07 left corner- I am the YOUNGEST and OLDEST of the children.
0:05 epok
I use the fall for these things but now I don’t
What dog lovers hear: dogs are stronger than cats What cat lovers hear: cats are stronger than dogs  What I hear: Kill all dogs. They are a spawn from hell and we must eliminate the all.
I still remember Annotations.
7:23 correct
I KID YOU NOT WHEN MAT SAID "YOUR PHONE HAS A VIRUS" I GOT THE AD ON YOUTUBE
I literally got this kind of ad while watching this video
Have you seen kiss of war ads..?
I just found a ad that is similar to the ad game theroy made at the first part of the vid
4:10 i remember seeing an ad where they used an squid game animation,AND YOU COULD STILL SEE THE CREATORS WATERMARK-(thankfully)
EPIC
Please make a video that is just your intro over and over again
The thing that is stupid, they have tens on millions of downloads
I used to play gardenscapes (and still play it occasionally) and I've actually gotten a lot of the bad dream things
Lol at least war games are better like warpath and rise of kingdoms
Ha YouTube premium Bois
It’s for kids
I got a mobile game ad while watching this
I just got hit with one of those crappy mobile game ads while watching this! How ironic.
Matpat: explains the facts of fake ads: also matpat: BUT HEYYY THATS HUST A THEORY A GAAAAME THEORY.
ok i will start a movemment subsribe to mat pat and you  wwill gett good vids no greatt vids and thankyou
some mobile games show the real game and i know one game like project awakening in mobile called raid shadow legends and it is real!!!
Ftc: you cannot create a ad that misleads  Mobile ads: you cannot convince me to create a propper ad even if it is the law lul
Old enough to remember annotations? I'm old enough to remember Betamax when it was new...
We gonna talk about the ads that say there's a minigame, and as soon as you touch the screen it takes you to the play store and changes the screen to cover it up ?
I want to tell y’all a funny joke game theorists is a game inside of theorists
I saw mobile game ad with call of duty footage
the intro is EPICK
Similar with some AAA game companies they will use amazing trailers then the game looks nothing like the gameplay you originally saw
Homescapes is kinda fun though but I like the home building part mor so I just hack the game and get infinite stars
once i saw an ad that actually showed what was in the game. Best day of my life.
What about NBA 2k.... Which is usually the same game recycled... It cost to play it and inside is a pay to win, gambling or loots...  With a very low rate to get the one thing you wanted...  How they get away with it?..
How to Loot and Hero Rescue actually play like their ads make them out to be like.
You know one time I watched this cool fnf animation and then a few days later I saw the video copied and pasted the video is friday night funkin stress animation
And you can never forget about those adds with that'd commentating  on a kid play a game
I haven't seen the whole video but I think you forgot about the mega perverted clickbait adds
*EPIC*
I get dat eds
I think you mean prosecuted, not persecuted 😜 But thanks for this informative video. I want to kill Homescapes, lol.
I love the intro is cool
Fun fact: the ad creators control the YouTube guidelines
In the middle of the video, an ad for Candy Crush showed up... But Candy Crush isn't so fake!
What if I'm using iPhone and a "your android have a virus clean now" ad
12:44 Italy 101
That's a pretty epic intro.
Cats are stronger them dogs
Mmmm 😋 Mmmm 😋 ores
The games that have underrated as hell gameplay with horrible ads: *_GOD OF GODS OF GODS BRAIN_*
is Bedrock Edition Minecraft is illegal? oh the Stoopid add games that i see when im playing 🤣
I'm a whale sucker for mobile games 🤣
In brazil you can process the employe if do a fake commercial
What :/
Ad: move forward Person playing game: *moves backwards* Me: ..... WHY?!?!?!?!?
I hate those ads creators as they are completely dishonest and are the scum of the market, worst of humanity.
Persecuted or prosecuted?
if any of you are tired of bad games and there trailers you can go with a game called dayr survival that games gives you what it have showed in there trailer
Lmao. An agent told me himself when I was watching an advertisement and I told him how the hell are these even legal... He explained how things take time or because they were done in a different region different laws and how people are working on it...sigh... Probably some lawer or media investigator no idea who he was but still it was a funny moment.  He was like no it is illegal. Lol I was thinking wtf why is it still up then...
Dude one of the only good mobile game I’ve found is summoners greed
What?! You are know Nusret.
Its not Fake
This is funny because some look good but the game is even better
I got a simpy piano ad while watching this
So the answer is yes but the legal system doesn’t care
While watching this i got an add for a mobile game played it for a while to see it was a fake lol
I hate ads i always get two
I se a lot of these adds and it infuriates me they try to use reverse psychology and it doesn’t work it’s simple logic people are not as stupid as the adds show it it makes me want to download the game even less than I already did.
Right in the middle of the video i saw one of these adds aaaaaahhhh
i had this just an hour ago, with fun zoo game.
Life after be like : bad ad good game
that hashiya drift game or whatever it is called literally stole footage from carx drift racing 2 and forza horizon, like what the hell?!
i use a pc because mobile ads give me the urge to stick my head in a blender
I don't think the watch dogs series is on mobile
I agree with Swiftayzz
Okay, but hear me out. A _pig_ . In _boots_ .
Okay, but hear me out. A _pig_ . in _boots_ .
I actually had 5 adds like this for this video
Also, most of the games that use someone else's copyrighted content to promote their game(s) are based in China, which means that what would be illegal over in the US, isn't against the law in China, and we all know that the Chinese aren't going to do anything about it.
7:56
That intro was *EPIC*
I hate mobile games add
ALMOST THAT I UNSUBED
MAKe IT FAR To GET THE MINI GAMES IN HeRO WARS
Oh ik why ur thinking that
Hero wars isn,t that bad!!!
Okthe first on u Said is only bad in one way!D:
Man I support this does enyone remember the Mr beast squid game vid there is an add where there is a mod app for minecraft in that add it shows Mrbeast footage and dreams and other utubers playing squid game
My Mom Plays GARDENSCAPE AND HOMESCAPES
12:56 IS DAT PEPPA PIG ?????
you should make lore on your channel, then make a video about that.
Do nascar heat mobile bc there is a dark secret inside the game and around it it’s self
I still use annotations
I even saw an ad of a game showing literal YouTube footage of a channel fgteev(check them out) the game was paper.io
it's not the ads for me it's the games because it's literally candy crush but another story mobile games are DUMB
I have to say I got atleast 3 different mobile game ads during this video that are extremely similar to what you’re talking about
You showed Hero wars in this, which yes, it does do the add styles that you described, but I am confused as to why they do that when the actual game is so much better. I play it every day and it's way better then the ads!
Okay so about 1000 levels, so every 998 levels you get a mini game on gardenscapes/homescapes. THATS LIKE A 0.1% CHANCE PER LEVEL?!
7:22 did you put em in a ring and let them fight or something
look mat pat 1 year ago i saw a ad on my phone and instantly i realized that it was from 2014 call of duty modern warfare 3!
I’ve been playing games like these and after I watch this l deleted them I’m never going to download these type of games
Ads are like the idiot of the class.
Mat pat make a f-ing show of game theory on netflix
I have one question what is the game steal something from a background but when you download it it doesn’t have the background but you have the game when it shows in ads
"my father is the chif of nefy" "*take him*" I dont know why thats funny
For me underneath this video is a game called chaos peace and they used naruto as there image and the game is nothing like naruto
the no jaywalking one was relatable
You forgot to mention how they make the button to close the ad really tiny so you accidentally open it in the app store.
I saw the word banished and thought it said bani shed. I am stupid
10:38 still illegal though? right? so it still requires legal action? right?
not me getting one of those ads before this video pahaha
Saint seiya awakening adds
Me: watching this video.  Gets a add about making apps.  XD
Its gone so far that im looking for secrets in the game theory videos
Google play should have a deletion counter as well as a download counter: Random tile match blast -100M downloads -100M deletions
You should do a video about why people still download city builders despite having to pour money in to them to get anywhere.
MAKE A ANDY'S APPLE FARM THEORY
9:45 that’s what you’re here for.
EPIC!
Why don’t you do A video on Herobrine
BRO MATCH IS MY SCHOOL
Most crimes aren’t persecuted at all, MatPat… they’re usually prosecuted…
B r u y
Here's a tip:Mobile game ad with very high graphics,epic gamed are fake since a game with high graphic,epic mobile games are above 1.5 GB :/ HIGH GRAPHIC BUT VERY GOOD GAMED DONT MAKE ADDS I think:|
i got to level 1986 in the home garden app and got the mini game 2 times
So there is game theory movie theory food theory as what is the last one
lol we can just use cheats to buy apps bruh
Our intro? *E P I C*
I remember the SUPER AMAZING ENDCARD TOURNAMENT!
But ey some games have great gameplay and truthfull gameplay
I love this guys videos and my channel Sux because I only have 1 video and I don’t know how to game and record at the same time so I hate my channel and my dad is in jail we need to pay 189,291,501 moneys to keep the house and it’s really hard.and I am only 8 I’m really young
It will remain unpunished till the government really need money from the fines!
For the bots
Only phone game ads I'll never skip is Genshin's. Love the character promos.
I miss the old game theory intro
🧐I’m not surprised that the producers of games do thieve things 🤔😐
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I really wish that the evertale ads were a real game and not just clickbate
You just talked about misleading ads while I smell copyright infringement that the developers of the New Mobile Game You can do whatever you want and Dragon Awaken.
epic funny 🤭😄
Has anyone else seen the mobile game add that literally rips footage from the Spiderman PS4 game?
How to make a mobile game ad 1. gameplay that isn't even in the actual game 2. OnLy 1% CaN sOlVe ThIs 3. Having an idiot play the fake game
The ads for rpg game always look greater than the freaking game
this one ad for mobile that make the volume max
6:17 not,scientifically proven, I like bolth
I play gardenscapes and although I had to restart the game, cause I lost my 650 level save ( :( ), I'm now on level 575-ish and I got that minigame like... 5 times...
I got one of those ads while watching this
Yeah like I may be a kid but I am smart enough to not click them but my brother isn't ads should be fixed some ads are getting better but we need to fix this and report sexual ads like why do they make them just to steal your money
Five Nights Play Store ???
TL;DW: The government sucks at its job
Add a law where they have the show at least one second of actual gameplay footage that'll be funny
The amount of sexual ads on YouTube...
EPİC (A PİG)
I am, in fact, old enough to remember annotations.
00:00 When you are freely sponsoring Epic Games
That goes also for the ant kingdom
The ads. I was playing some apps on my Ipad and a bunch of inappropriate ads. Like erasing some kind of barrier to see an area on girls that shouldn't be seen. ( And one of these ads was for a brain puzzle game. Nothing close to what the ad is displaying.) I don't speak for all girls but I find it very offensive to put an ad taking off a girl's clothes where they clearly arent into it and it doesn't have anything to do with your game.
I don't care that there are 13.000 clones of the same game. I care that they lie about it in their ads
Some mobile games looks so cool you want to get it but actually sucks
WAIT A MINUTE.... His logo has four fractions around the trophy and 3 of them are filled, green, yellow, and red. Each one being a different channel. So MatPat is only allowed to run 4 channels without changing his logo.
I liked the ads where it showed a tower with a bunch of different leveled people and you have to fight the person that's the same level as you. I was disappointed when I realized that type of game did not exist...
also you should do a psycho analysis on gamers that get addicted  to spending on in app purchases
Minecraft does this the adds make it look meh I might as well download it but really it’s one of the best games ever
You guys don’t have YouTube Premium?
I got one of these ads while watching this lol
@1:31 Joke's on you, *I'm into that!*
POV: You are a power player.
Oh my god annotations they were amazing
E
7:23 HEY>:(
That intro is so damn accurate.
Use system level adblockers. You don't even need to root your phone to block all ads, just use an adguard DNS.
There is one mobile game that has the most betraying ad I've seen so far. It's called Evertale and it's add show it as this like Pokemon creepypasta like game, but it;s just a boring gatcha like battling game and they are even charging you to buy it for .99 cents. I even almost got it till I saw the reviews saying it wasn't like the ads
You have ruined over 50000000 adds for me and 100x games for me and now I actually don’t care -.-
Rise of Kingdoms: Imma pretend I didn’t see that.
Not to really defend these practices,  but for the record, I’ve gotten those minigames a lot more than twice in Homescapes and Gardenscapes, and I’m nowhere near that far. Not saying she’s lying, but I had a different experience.
Wow i paused at a great time just when i said that they are mini games you just went and said it good job game theory good job
1:12 right?! I love that guy and his hairy chested friend
I played Gardenscapes and some of these ads became mini games
My little brother was watching Ryan's world right then an ad popped up and I've gotten this ad I was a female that you had to walk into hangers that undressed her and if you were not fully undressed by the time you were a the end you lost
There seems to be a new breed of these with people who seem to barely speak English talking about the cards or outfits or other things they've won through their gambling
You forgot the “I found a game for buddies!!!!!!!” When the game isn’t even multiplayer
Its like the you will "explode in 5 seconds ads" from the promtub. I've seen SlipperyTums work in one of those ads.
Me getting one of those ads as I am watching this
This is why some people have ad blocker
44:33 the game on the right looks so much like a mmorpg I played on facebook around I believe 2013 area called Odin's quest. It looks so much like it that I genuinely paused the video and was in like nostalgic shock.
EPIC
It’s so true and so sad come frustrating to have something like this happening it’s almost like aside he is always against each other instead of helping one another!
I get where the FTC is coming from, but they’re just straight up wrong. Ads like these *are* detrimental to a user’s health. Their *mental* health.  The particular types of player they’re targeting (the “power” players) are typically on the autistic spectrum or have some other kinds of neuro-divergent behaviour that make them far more susceptible to those kinds of ads. It’s also a big part of the reason why they’re much more likely to get addicted and spend huge amounts of money in the first place.  And these fake mobile apps know that, and take advantage of that. It isn’t fair to tell these players that it’s their fault, because it simply isn’t.  So in fact both a player’s health *and* their pocketbook are being affected by this practice, and it needs to stop. NOW!
I've been getting fake ads for a game called Evertale. Ads show it as a horror Pokemon thing. It is literally a waifu gacha game. Worst part, it costs money to get it
I remember annotations, and when there wasn't a bell icon
EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING IS EPIC EVEN CRINGE wait cringe counts right?
Nevermore 🤬
There's one game that is about what the game is
In what jurisdiction?
i clicked for nostalgia, 0 out of 10, didnt do anything >:( (this is a joke but i did actually click it just in case)
I got an a mobile game ad while watching this
I literally just got a add
I always wondered how Bats got wings.
Ok currently there is this game called Rise of Kingdom and they have so many ads I don’t know what it’s about. They have bad actors who always have situations where the most powerful person gets to do something and they have a bunch of ads about how they end up on a land and need to work to be king and it’s so dumb and annoying
That one part in the new intro: Monika: **i am now sans undertale*
So THAT'S why Berdly was devastated...
I use premium lol I  don’t see ads
Gardenscapes has been around forever, I remember having it on ds
why for convergence evolution did you do a shark and a dolphin you should have done a dolphin and Ichhyosaur
Hi
Play more table top games like Blood Rage, Scythe, Zombicide Black Plague Twilight Imperium 4
Day 1 of asking to add book theories as another channel
I love all MatPat'$ video
I used to play ROK and the adds weren’t the actual game
Plot twist: All the 3.5K dislikes were all the mobile game designers
I once got a game that was actually like a key pull game and in the description it said a game that actually does this
There is a better mobile game tho...*looks at Cookie Run Kingdom*
You can get a curser oba phone
Do these ads really "work"? I don't believe a lot of people click on them willingly. Consider this, you might be playing another game that simply forces you to watch a ridiculous ad to the end. If they are measuring what ad works best in terms of view time, then serving the ad in platforms that forces the user to watch them will introduce a pretty big bias. Similarly, some ads will turn to dark design patterns in order to get a click. For example, some ads won't display a skip button unless you click on the ad, which takes you to Play Store. Is this ad "working" because people are clicking on it? Not really, it's designed in a fail proof way. So I don't think anything close to evolution is happening with them. It's gotta be something else.
my mom is at the level 5480 at the home scapes
*Mobile Legends Ripoff*
I’ve got an ad for I’ll be in online
Yes I’ve seen them I can relate to you math Pat
"power players"  Did you mean "retired boomer women"? Unless it's a harem game, in which case it's "retired boomer men" lol  White cishet baby boomers are the only class of people to a) get suckered by these facile ads, and b) have the disposable income to drop $100+ on a mobile game. Brain damage due to childhood lead poisoning is a helluva drug
I saw a mobile ad while watching this video
Fake Minecraft ads are popping up everywhere now, even using REAL ads made BY Minecraft themselves.
The trailers of games and ads there EPIC but the game LoSeR
Well I was watching a video then a fake ad popped up 😂 lol
There's a mobile game actually called "good game empire" wtf and people actually play it
Who else got one of these ads while watching?
I've seen some fake ads using game footage of Pokémon too. I usually report those. We should all report them when we see them.
Did u know that if dog is same size as cat cat can win dog
7:23 Indonesia orange cat: *proceed to swim* who tougher now
in 8:42 seconds in this was true i used to play TONS and i would get alot of misleading ads until i school started dropping my screen time by hours and the misleading ads barely happened anymore
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KsKlfN9phAs
12:40 The correct word is prosecuted, not persecuted. All right, pal. You're going downtown. We're the language police.
I downloaded Homescapes, started it and promptly uninstalled it. Do the producers seriously think people are going to keep the game when they realize what they bought is nothing like the ad?
5AM said that WHO know someone
What about those games that use assets or video of real classic strategy games in their ads! I've seen heroes of might and magic, age of empires and command and conquer! It's crazy what these dodgy foreign devs can get away with!
He was using the wrench from bendy and the ink machine so clearly he is going to do more bendy and the ink machine theory's. Now that's how matpat would make a theory about his own videos
Who here hates fake playable ads?
Also, they are so stupid in these ads. They make worst choices.
I play gardenscapes and homescapes and they are wonderful even if it's different
yeah why don't they make those games, it looks like it takes the same amount of work but so much more fun
1:26 comedic combo 2x
I have falled for this one time it was gardensacpes.
The fact that the video has no ads makes me happy
I did SCREAM
8:45 wasn’t this an episode of South Park?
D-Did someone say dragons?
my friend in gardenscapes got to level 2035
Theres an ad that just used minecraft for the ads *bruh*
laughs in add blocker
The ads actually look fun. But they just make it look cool to make users buy the game they are selling… 👊👨‍🦲👊
Mobile ads are much more entertaining than the game itself they are advertising.
How is YouTube okay with this?
0:08 did I hear sor4 blaze's death sound?
Tales of Wind is actually guilty of this. Stealing gameplay video from Tree of Savior
Yes I saw a mobile game ad on this video that appeared that wasn’t lying!! In the ads!!! :D
Woohoo blatant law breaking and no one doing their actual job and taking care of it. Welcome to Earth.
These ads contained in the video are 100% relatable
Got an mobile ad while watching
I do enjoy watching theory videos, makes me realise that I'm not so strange to research the loving bajesus out of something. One game theory(ies) that I haven't seen you and the team cover yet is the Little Nightmares series, there's another youtuber who has done ALOT of work on this is Tericho, but I think you could give a different view to his... Anyways, yes banished is a good game to chill out whilst playing there's also Chef
DEAR Matpat could you please investigate and solve the loose panel mystery in people playground? on the map sea where you can see a blacker panel on the top middle portion of the map. under the light so could you please solve it? IM NOT SPAMMING! HAHA HOW LONG? I WAS THERE WHEN YOU WERE BORN I AM THERE WHEN YOU DIE I WILL LAST TO WATCH THIS WORLD CRUMBLE OH GOD WHY? =)
"they got banned in the UK" no they didn't ??????
To be honest for me before downloading a game I would check if there was a gameplay of it that way would i know excatly what the game had in store even if the developers were lying about the content in the ads
I got a mobile game ad in this video
5:34 ahhh yes hero rescue i hated it but my mom was dumb enough to download and i deleted it plus she was not playing it
And that’s exactly why I turned off targeted ads. Since then my YouTube is experience improved by a lot. No more cringy ads that make me want to die 🥰
1745
174
Anyone remember when those static ads up on the top right were all nude fnf characters with amogus pop its blocking a small snippet of it? Ya just gotta love Youtube’s hypocrisy when it comes to ads.
Summoner's Greed: *I am four parallel universes ahead of you.*
I think the "1% of the world can win!" Ads is just for make kids think that they're rare (but then they find out that is the game ez)
Wait, Mobile game ads appear on YouTube? All I get are ad “Smoking is bad” ads, movie trailers, and sometimes ads with that is MatPat! I never watch any ads and I keep forgetting to watch the ones that has Mat in them.
Aren't there also anti-gambling laws? Most of these mobile games are basically gambling apps with gameplay thrown over it.
This is fax I saw a roblox mobile ad and it was nothing compared to actual gameplay they made millions of the game and they did that that’s rubbish
6:16 biology is completely different from human behavior. What happened is that they saw how profitable the first guys who did those fake ads were and decided to copy their homework. Or perhaps they're all being done by the same contractor.
If they aren't illegal, they should be. And places that show ads should be legally required to police the ads they show.
Even i was faked like that like the game craftsman I thought it was like the real minecraft but its fake i think its 1:3
is im watching this video at the end i got misleading ad... what a wrong place to show up
That and the ads are rotated out fast enough that by the time one is caught, its out of use. There is a bit more on other facets of mobile advertising here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61PzqMLUf14. He does bring up points that this one hasn't, though its a bit outdated now.
9:29 same with YouTube, people take someone's video and use it as their own. not even putting something new, but some fail, some don't.
Thankyou so much for making this and thanks anyone who helped making these
A million times 5 minutes is alot of minutes. Governments should act.
Me:*plays a town game* My mom:Its so stupid Also my mom:*plays gardenscaps* Me:...Really
I hate those stupid adds
I hate those stupid adds
I got one of those ads while watching this
Banished is a good game I would suggest it. For the love of God don't build wood houses!!
i dont even play add games
i HATE when the ads have a fake X that is just clipped into the video and if you click it (try to), it sends you to the app store like if you tapped where ever
yo game theory have you heard of kitten mach it soooo.. bad as lily's garden can you do that it will be great.
Why are they disliking
I don't get ads for games mostly just products
Where did humanity go wrong with these “games”
0:48 you can see a funky pop of springtrap
7:15 bottom right
You: proof to literally everything with good informations Also you: BUT HEY, THATS JUST A THEORY
i got one of those adds in the middle of it and thought it was part of your video ☠️☠️☠️
I really hate the sexual adds not just cause they’re weird but because they just show how much YouTube doesn’t care about it’s platform, with these being allowed to do whatever they want because they give money to YouTube
E P I C
Good thing my only apps are cooking apps and YouTube
Theory about solar smash
I like the way he said ruining your child hood since 2011 1:05
Yeah like garden scapes literally could’ve made an add out of a recording of them playing the game instead of making a whole new add. It would’ve been better for us and easier for them.
While I was watching this video I saw one of these ads
Aren't annotations still there...?
The worst things they do are not the ads for games. It takes just a couple downloads to figure out that they are all lying anyway. It's the rigged gambling RNG inside of the games to milk whales and every one else.
games like those are all just cash grabs nothing more nothing less thats why they do the can u solve this and do it wrong so u want to beat all levels but there never what u want it to be and game theory is the best
Surely adds that steal other games gameplay should be violating copyright
Ye Why The Bit**
I hate those ads (also I have the true experience because it's the same phone used in it)
Evertales
i once fell for one of those ads.  After deleting the game in disappointment, I now make it a policy to watch the game on YouTube first.
this is a comment!!! that really agrees. :/
I started playing gardenscapes back when it had actual ads showing gameplay and made me interested in the "build a cute garden" aspect. I stopped playing at some point when the stages got too difficult and it felt like I would've needed to pay for powerups to get through them.  I was pretty damn confused when I first saw one of their newer nightmare ads, like "why are they torturing the wholesome butler character D:" which made my already lessened interest plummet to zero.
At one point a saw an ad advertising a ripoff Minecraft game, and they showed a Minecraft youtube video from an actual Youtuber!! (This one in particular by Portemay https://youtu.be/mEIqOiEwJJ4 )
Back in my time anotations appered every 10 seconds and started to promote things like scams good tmes.
What about netboom
That into mad me laughing in tears Idk why
I report all the games as offensive.  Since as a gamer I feel qualified to say it's offensive to my culture to try and pass that stuff off as a real game.
Noob game theorist viewer: lame people Hacker game theorist viewer: EPIC CHAD GUYS
Game theory I love ur vids keep up the good work and also you are really smart
There was This dragon ball game ad I got it showed dbz broly and then while it showed his card it then played a clip from dragon ball fighterz a game that's not on mobile ik bc I play it on ps4.
my dad played garden scapes long enough TO GET TO LEVEL 6,539
the company gives more budget to their ads than their actual game like ._.
The I found a game for buddies ads make no sense. How is it dor buddies??? It says you use your finger or telekinesis on a GAME.
turn to god repent for your sins and get educared on god
i wanna know what games have the highest uninstall rate lol
I never instal these bad game cause: 1:sometime it not like the add 2:it's ALWAY repeat 3:IT NO USE TO INSTAL
I only just saw the slogan at the bottom of the title: “Ruining your dreams since 2011.”  Lmao
I use the YouTube app a lot, so I see these ads. A LOT. But, suprisingly, since moving to Sweden, about a month ago, I have not seen a single one. Before I saw at least one a day. Thought I’d share.
Game thery has probably the best intro ngl.
I legit saw an ad that showed miles morales and called it Spider-Man when it was just a game that had a stick figure swing on a building
How does Evertale get away with this?
Remember when the Homescapes and the Gardenscapes ads ACTUALLY showed what the game was about and not the clickbait ads they currently are?
That's why I'm a f2p player
Me: Plays Homescapes coz I saw gameplay and liked it. Also Me: Gets stuck on lvl 20. My Dad: Ur just bad. Me: No! Him: Yes. Then Me: Play it then! My Dad: Speedrun time!  1 year later: My Dad: Lvl 3333.
I got a mobile game add during this video
0:32 Phone is the pixel 5 :)
0:39 was that a rick and morty reference?
i hate mobile games because controls are hard
"your epic adventure awaits you in your pocket" People who dont have pockets:so i have to play it on pockets time to use another pants
homescapes is actually a really good game
Before watching this I found a game theory ad
Not me realizing the "Super Amazing End Card Tournament" was A/B testing
Well all my ads are the same stupidity
Whoever made any misleading mobile games are wanted by the FBI.
So the "Super Amazing Endcard Tournament" was also A/B testing?
Wow Mech areana has better adds than this They actually show real game play
Baby scribble naughts baby so how long I till tou make a scribble naughts theory
Let’s not forget how ads always play the game FRUSTRATINGLY WRONG :’)
The classic “Hello internet, welcome to game theory!” Brings back so many memory.
Only 1% of mobile game ads are actually accurate like assoluto racing.
>mention CyGames >no mention of MonkeyGate from gacha I was a fool to expect that
Is this what humanity has come to?
Could they be sued for using another games assets and therefore damaging the game’s reputation with how dishonest the ad is?
Can't we just argue in some way that we pay are phone bills and data and are lied to? Lol have to be a good lawyer, but still in that sense we do waste money on lies...
I know right
10:14 Just to add them in the crime list, our pockets ARE affected since it costs you a bit of internet to install
Im a play store master now😎.I am lv 58 with 1700 achivements aaaand F2P(◕ᴗ◕✿)
I miss homescape level: 935  Same gardenscape
Did anyone else download hero rescue after this...
My Mobile Apps Aren't ILLEGAL
Slime ad: you can touch the slime from the screen!    Me:👏👏👏
what about copy right you said that there was some games that used other games for adds
A new fad comes every one makes the same ad
Nobody: Me: HA! I HAVE MOBILE YOUTUBE AND DONT HAVE ANY ADS!
Dude just promoted 2 different games
I love mobile games! And yes I’m still here
I have a theory That mattpat has 3 girlfriend In intro on his table
im play homescapes and i dont care about mini games i care about story.      -aga-
11:17 Is it just me, or is that Markiplier's face on the dating profile?
I saw a YouTube comment joking about how 99% of the mobile game budget went into advertising and 1% went into the actual development and I hate how true it felt
A crime that’s not “persecuted”…
Man i was so disappointed when I downloaded fishdom like 4 years ago and didn't get the fun little fish puzzles. Ugh
Hey well there's nintendo
I absolutely hate 99.9% of all mobile games. They're predatory in nature, a waste of time, and most are designed to get the player addicted to spending money. I'm a gamer that plays everything across all genre's, platforms, and generations. We (fiancee and I) have both a launch Xbox Series X and PS5 *physical (she's a gamer as well). What boils my blood is what cellphone gaming and their whales have done to real gaming....  You see, the gaming industry at large has paid very close attention to what the cellphone game makers are doing. Loot crates/loot boxes/surprise mechanics all started with cellphone games. We also can't forget the fremium garbage that's beginning to show up all over the console/PC gaming space. For every "good" game we get 50 that are 100% purr tripe. Personally I wish the FTC would shutdown most cellphone games as they're a plague on the industry.  Addendum- This doesn't mean I hate all games played on a smartphone. For example, I love to see Squaresoft and Rockstar games for full purchase on the Android Store. I myself own Bully, GTA 3, GTA: Vice City, GTA: SA, Final Fantasy Tactics, Final Fantasy 3, and Final Fantasy 6 on my phone as I type this. I rarely play them but I always have them when I need them. Switch is out of juice and I'm nowhere near my home...you get it.
Love the inteo Edit: intro*
Lol
“Long enough to get to level 965”  Me: *glances at 3746* hehe.
My girlfriend LOVES homescapes and lanscapes or whatever it's called. I see those ads and I'm like "Are those the same games you're playing? When does that happen?" But she loves what they actually are.
Hey what about the ads where the button to click out of them is placed in such a way that if you don’t hit one specific pixel it takes you to the install screen. I’ve had ads that were impossible to click out of and I had to close the game just to get back in.
7:03 yess i remember xD does anyone know why they removed that?
Wow YouTube you managed to get these ads on a video on a video questioning the legality of it
we need a real thanos
The best thing to do to this kind of game if you want to play ... Just download the hacked apk. And if u are casual Happy Mod will do just nice.
Probably an unpopular opinion, but Candy Crush is the worst thing to ever hit the App Store. Because of them, now we have hundreds of copycats like Homescapes.
Left and top are used more makes sence for me when I need to pause the video on left or top
2021 game makers dont care about content only for the money
I checked Gardenscape does have 100mil downloades I just lost all faith in humanity
Gardenscapes and homescapes used to have normal ads
Im watching an ad and a ad theory right now
13:41
Lol i play hero rescue almost a year but not everytime
Isnt technically the copyright rule broken because some of these lazy mobile game companies steal material from other games without permission to boost their own money income?
Evony is the worst offender, and had been for decades.
i play homescapes!
The gambling ads/ slot ads are funny. It's so obviously voiced over
Literally at 6:29 I got a mobile game ad
Idk bill.
Back then ads were great but now there just bad
What really annoys me the most about gardenscapes and homescapes is that the actual game is actually pretty good.   Why flood the market with crappy fake ads when you could just show real footage from the game that’s interesting and enjoyable?
Yoooo I have the pc at 3:55 Lol what a coincidence
If I can go back to past I will go to 2010-2012 because all games there are so good
lies cats are stronger then dogs
We need a fundraiser to BAN all mobile game ads
Console games are getting more expensive and we have those mobile games to thank for causing those problems.
Bottom line stop spending money on mobile games. Problem solved.
Life hack: if you don’t want do run into these ads turn wifi off or airplane mode on
Matpats prequel to new lore opportunities like Lily's garden
you guys should make a Space Theory channel where you say Space theories
I did not even notice hat youtube removed annotations xD
Minecraft:EPIC Editon
I would actually love to play the 'minigames'.... They'd be so much fun!
you’re right
If matpat was a lawyer he would give amazing advice evidence then go “but hey that’s just a theory a law theory” and he’ll get banished to death.
There are alot of loopholes in the government
Do a cookie clicker theory next.
its annoying
Android users: our phones got hacked i’ll tap this link oh s- Apple user‘s: we’re safe
Yeah but the thing is, most of these fake games aren’t trying to sell you gems or a new skin. They’re trying to suck you in and make you watch 5 or 6 ads before realizing you’ve been tricked and uninstall the game. And while 5 or 6 ads isn’t a lot, there are hundreds of people getting tricked every minute or so, so That does mean, (if the rules are up to date) that they are very liable to at least a decent fine.
I was wondering about this after seeing an ad for a "Mario" game that looked to be ripping off gameplay from New Super Mario Bros. Wii and asked my mom if that was legal to her, cause I sure thought it was illegal to show that for a game not connected to Nintendo. Good stuff, Matpat.
epic
My brother is at level 6999 in garden scape
I hope they're illegal.
I hate mobile game ads that has I Found a game for buddies or I Found a game for baddies
1:33 *I was eating…*
None of us made f****** sense
Epic
How difficult would it be to make a pull-the-pin puzzle game? It'd be easy. But it wouldn't make any money. You're not going to buy skins, or buy ways to push through the game faster if the actual gameplay is the point. They want to get you to get invested in the strength of your characters and get vain about it, then get impatient that you aren't leveling fast enough, so you buy.
No
Mo
I remember when I was seeing some sexual ads that were about Rock Paper Scissors. I won’t go into detail but the ad was just disturbing and sexual. I wonder HOW the hell these things are even allowed.
Mobile gaming was all I had and it was hell looking at those cringey misleading ads. Until genshin impact arrived. Respectable ads.
I want to kill the people who make these games
Those are like proabishen ban achol still gonna drink it ban those kinds of moble ads still gonna do it.
I remember annotations
I was looking around on YouTube and found a video I liked so I clicked it and I got a advertisement the game was Bob's  world which was using super Mario Bros footage for their game so I know that they are doing this lying trick
you know what (in my eyes) are equally as bad? fake playable ads. >:( like bro if you want me to download ur app, making me go to the app store aint gonna do that. its just an annoyance
Anyone else getting Bethesda vibes? Mobile  skyrim probably will be said to have Infinite quests
There are ads out there that simply use gameplay from other games from other developers. Thats theft. I saw a match 3 Game that uses Command & Conquer (Red Alert 2&3 with polished graphics) gameplay to advertise.
I am suprised that google hasn't been sued for total violation of it's own legal agreements . Not to mention all of the data collection and identification of users as employees even though the terms for people that are given money. Think about it google pays for your content but then even though you have no wage or contract and yet is starting to control content by slowly claiming that "partners" are "google employees" and as such will eventually need to say what google wants or get cut from anything to do with Google.
I got a mobile ad right before this video
I don't remember my phone having a mouse cursor.
Matpat get a job with nasa get some extra money we all know you will be the best employee you are literally Einstein 2.0
My mom play gardenscapes and my mom dont know the scam misleading exist, also my mom has reach 1.200+ level in the game
#MobileGamesAdsSuck!
It’s to cringe to stop it
I hate these kind of ads
RAID SHADOW LEGENDS BOIIIIIIIIII
I just hate when the ads don’t play the game right
I call it clickbait ads
why the dogs and cats!
@Level UP got his video copyrighted for an ads
One of the fake ads was a fallout shelter rip off also a finger print scam stole 75$ a week
1:06 ruining your childhood since 2011
EPIC
this is why i dont use mobile anymore
Matpat: misleading adds  Me: welcome to the human race
Oh hi Monika
How you have to watch these ads then pay to get rid of them btw those ads have the same ads so yeah
“This video was pretty cool-“ “EPIC, you mean.”
For those who want further explaining for "what is the loophole ?" : the loophole is that the rules didn't include how many times  do the gameplay in the ad comes in the actual game and that's what they used , they barely put the gameplay of the ad into the actaul game .
I just got a ad for kick the buddy 😟
Why theres  only rpg fake games in mobile games
I hate them but I still playing them because some is fun
Many just copy other ads, the most common one is fricking minecraft REALMS WHICH IS ALREADY IN THE GAME
The Lily's Garden approach is personally my favorite.
Some mobile games are terrible except destiny child and others
Why no epic game
tat siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick
Could they actually do something for the ads that use trailers for other games? That's assuming the original  trailer is copyrighted or trademarked or whatever.
I hate mobile games and their ads, yet I still play some of them. The generic sayings of: "I can't get past this level." "Can you beat this level?" "Only [insert a percentage] can beat this game." "Pro:    Noob:" "I can't make it past [level number]." "Bet you can't get pass [level number]." [Those games that show something to do with IQ] And yea some ads show game footage that you only have like a 1 in 100000000 chance of ever getting in your playthrough anyway, and the ones that do show the gameplay is swamped with ads.   Another thing about ads that I hate is when they have the 'X' so freaking small or just hiding in the ad somewhere or when the ads automatically take you to the google play store right after the freaking ad video.
TAKE NOTES HE LEAKED HIS GUIDES TO MAKING A YOUTUBE VIDEO
See, I play gardenscapes. It's a good way to pass the time. I hate the misleading ads though. They 'technically' added the dream functionality to avoid this whole thing, but they're every 50 levels or so, and give you 100 coins. (for reference, the cheapest thing I can think of in game is 900 coins, and it quickly goes up from there) the stupid unfair ads make me want to quit playing half the time.
Theres an ad dat says you can play fnf but when played its just draw missing parts.
I just wanted to know why they continue to make games like that if nobody plays it seriously and spends money on it , kind of where does these companies' money come from , what kind of audience do they want to reach  , maybe kids but like I think kids aren't that stupid to play these games,  I guess I , don't know
I thought I was getting those because of something I did, but I'm glad it's not my fault and not just me.
"mY fATHuR Is thE cHeiF oF NevY"
1 like = 1 vote for book theory
13:08 That is what most mobile game ads are (in a nutshell) :(
What about mobile FNF-like games, thats using PC mods gameplay in the advertisement?
ads i see lets do some not ok stuff and promote that as a ad
1:20 ads i see YES LETS DO ASUALT
Mobile legends. Their ads here on YouTube are so fckin random. Like a character getting stuck in a painting or literally fan animation of the game. The storyline of the ad makes no sense. But the game is surprisingly ok
Homescapes have minigames like that now.
I got a mobile ad watching this
I got a fake game-maker ad while watching this video. Huh.
I will team up with anyone who replies to this and stop those ads
I swear to God if someone gets a fake add for a mobile game...
Istg the mobile game is full of “collect all of these” “dodge” “if you have enough, you can beat the boss”
What about Evertale? The people making the horror Omori-themed ads are definitely different and surprisingly professional.
the most frustrating ones are the sexual ones, most of the games that they pop up in are games for children
Grammarly: Grammarly can help you! Also Grammarly: NO it should be: "End this Right nOw or didn't"
Nice vid
The likes is how many people answered yes to the title.
I miss when games were just made for entertainment and you didn’t get ads every 5 seconds and special offer pop ups.
Ad also annoying I try to watch Game theory !!!
I hate fake ad
Just saw one 😐
1word=MOBILE ADS SUCK
#hateonfakeads
I found a mobile game ad about some sort of Chinese super Mario using footage of new super Mario bros U At that moment I thought "ok how is this even possible"
2018 I use to play garden scape it was a loyal game until 2021 they start to make illegal ads!
the uk government literally made certain ads illegal whilst they frick around with brexit (something that affects my future that i of course didnt get a say in -_-), enforce covid policies that our prime minister breaks, and literally enforced homophobia by rebranding the rainbow to mean the nhs and getting people to purchase pride flags in bulk and claiming they were for them
Is solar smash ,among us and suspect are illegal
Mobile ads are gonna get charged soon a mobile game is gonna make a false very inappropriate ad and when you install the game it bombards you with fake antivirus ads and then you will get a virus and the ftc will ban it and charge this game but instead of just cracking down on 1 game they will crack down on all misleading ads so this wont happen again
Ad company's for decades exploding loop holes,they watching you through you cameras  on what you wear so on and the ad camra hacking and mic has been used since first tv hooked to the internet with cam came out.There a lot of angry people about this.the servers use grey ware to connect to your phone or Xbox can and rec what or it hears besides using your machine or unique browser id than try to match your interests. The cam hacking is probably more rare but they hit your browser or youtube id.That is why you here comments being funny about porn adds on youtube but the next person has soap adds on the same channle lol.
Pretty much most games are illegal,since you can not license every sound byte that others famous music used or a color scheme lol.
Does anybody else feel like Alyssa is actually very very very very very close to ursulin from Minecraft FNAF roleplays
While watching this video, I got a mobile game ad.
The old-school 2d ones get me
MatPat is the older brother I always wanted.
Hey, hey, don’t shame Austin. Homescapes is great, turn your hate to all the others
And then there's evertale's "horror" ads that are fake
when i was younger this channel always gave me nightmares for some reason
No lies, i once saw a guy in his underwear cut down one tree and instantly became stronger than god
If this is sponsored by raid shadow legends it is perfect but I hate it
OMG PLS DO DANGER AND EGGS PLS
The thing i remember in this video : Math have a Google Pixiel
Do you want to know what's even worse? The fact that I'm getting these mobile game adds on my laptop.
You forget about the good old mobile game devs steal your video footage and put over their game to trick you in to downloading it
I actually play Homescapes and I’m thankful as hell it has no ads.
I love your videos
Make an lore video on genshin impact plz
That is why the only mobile game i play is honkai impact
I've got one of one that was mini blocky craft and he stole footages from 2 games the 2 games are block craft 3D and minecraft
It’s so funny I got one of these adds in the video
I got one of the ads while watching this vid
Yeah I see an add that said only 1% can drive truck 🚛 and I was in mobile and it was a truck 🚛 simulator game oh this looks like a great game but then I realized that it was actually beamng drive another game where you crash cars 🚗
There’s a game that I actually downloaded because I would be bombarded by the ads, it’s called game of sultans, it’s got a pretty misleading ads and I was kinda disappointed when I started playing but I still gave it a chance and it’s actually pretty fun and I’ve even made online friends who also played and there’s no ads that actually bombard you, the only time you see them is when you want to get in game currency.
Recently I’ve been getting ads for EXACT COPIES OF FRIDAY NIGHT FUNKIN’ but with buttons. The ads were just footage of the actual FNF.
Ah, YouTube, blocks or demonetize YouTube clips that “might” contain copyrighted content, but admit ads creators to post ads that r crearlo stolen by companies that guess what, they have that game copyrighted
the most brilliant game ad idea that i’ve ever seen is that one where it lets you to play a bit and then, at the moment when you expect it at least, the next click throws you to the download page. it’s..it’s like sure more efficient than these “SAVE THE FISH” ads, where the very first click sends you to the download page.   post scriptum. the funniest thing is when you experience that type of ads too much and end up remembering what click exactly will send you to the downloading page.
A bit life add popped up and I thought it was part of the video
I only download adds because I act like I fell for it XD Edit:I don’t download sexual adds and only do it when I’m bored
I got one of those ads when watching this video 😎
I got an ad for toon blast and Ryan Reynolds
no
E P I C
7:05 i still remember those
If you play mobile games you deserve to get screwed over
My co worker is level 4000 something in garden scapes 🤣 I don’t know how
great vidoe matpat i love you please hold my hand while i walk to the bus stop :D - dave (from crazy dave (from platns fvs ozmbie(not garden warefare) ) )
At 2:29 i got a mobile game ad but I don’t know if it’s fake cuz I didn’t download it.
Hey you should do a theory on security breach fury
One time I saw a rip-off of mario using modded minecraft AND IT HAD ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO SO WITH MARIO NO MARIO MOD NO MARIO MAP NO MARIO RELATED STUFF
There are actually good mobile games, Genshin Impact, Azur Lane, LoL Wildrift, CODM, PUBGM, Minecraft. however, there are still stupidly advertised and clickbait games on Play Store and they're annoying af. I prefer PC better.
I totally forgot about youtube annotations
It just goes to show just how cancerous money has made our society - that people are willing to do anything in pursuit of it. Sure, it's not -hurting- anyone, but in the end, it's still sleezy; and it's a slap in the face to game developers who put their blood, sweat, and tears into a game - just to have these half-baked mobile piles of junk rake in profit even when they are an almost literal pile of garbage.
I saw an ad for a numbers game that looked cool, but when I downloaded it, the numbers part of it was a mini game in a game of minigames, the artwork was also crazy, anime character interacting in a 3d cg world with 2d western cartoon characters, stick figures, modern western comic book like characters, and other types of character designs. Between the 5 different mini games all mashed into one and the 10 different art styles I immediately Uninstaller it and left a bad review.
Hate cheating Ads like this...It lies about the game experience I expect.
I've watched so many mobile games ads and only ONE of them shows the real ads. So disappointed. The game which had a real ad was ragnarok x, a real 3d mmorpg unlike the other games who are purely 2d and just say 'oh it's a great 3d world to explore' or the other ads draw really nice characters and when you Download them, you see PIXELLATED CHARACTERS......
Who got a mobile game ad for this
I have no clue
This mans here has the smarts to get any job he really wants but he still chooses to do youtube for us
One day I installed a mobile game and got it perfect to the add that they shown      :note I installed the mobile game for fun when I saw the add for the game
Been a while since I've watched your videos and I saw Monica in the intro and that is illegal
False Advertising should be Punished harsher in Today's world.
At least now is not like that
i wasnt sure if matpat as asking if the game content was illegal or the ad was illegal
So I have a kindle that I've had for a while and I downloaded a game on it, and the ad was very similar to the one at the beginning of the video. It literally said "epic" or "cool" a lot, and the game was an outdated hair challenge game with way too many bugs called Hair Longer Challenge: Longer Your Hairs
i am basically the complete opposite of someone who is addicted
Watched this video, got a shitty Animal Crossing copy ad right off the bat.
Yeah I miss aannotations. Actually, if annotations aren't a thing anymore why is there an option to turn them off still?
The intro was so EPIC EPIC EPIC!!!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Is that a homage to Rick and Morty with the loser breeze
now we need one for the ads we keep getting on yt shorts
I love how the pfp for Oliver Stevens is Markiplier lol
If there are ads just turn of ur wifi
Me getting a misleading ad on this video..... The IRONY!!
What about copyright, addictions and fraud and fake news, didn't those get the attention to the ftc? YouTube and who knows what getting harassed for even the slightest false point of this, but those developers get nothing said against them at all?
Wow That annotation reference was so nostalgic. I even forgot those existed
As I watched this video I saw  multiple clickbait ads in the process lmao
Stick: Epic
5:48 I don’t have the game, but, you do this:allow the lava to meet the water, open the gold. Easy.
7:23 shocker     Not really lol
Didn’t gardenscapes get fined for this exact thing? Maybe that was so,etching I had a dream about 🤷‍♀️ Edit: Just saw the last 30 seconds of the video…I’m in Australia and I feel like the same kinda thing happened here.
Yes, I’ve seen most of those ads.
I've seen an ads on YouTube with the picture of *HIGHSCHOOL STUDENTS* . How can I tell? It looks like a female school uniform from my country and looks very young about 16 years old maybe. YouTube won't let me report and it makes me feel disgusted of how YouTube let's advertisement like this on their website.Lots of kids watch your damn websites and no they don't use YouTube kids. If a 15 year old has to tell you what you're doing is wrong then you have no hope anymore.
I was watching the video and I got one of those ads
Intro starts here 0:45
I play a huge amount of mobile games, I don't mind spending money to support the team behind the game but never right away. For every 1000 ads, 2 or 3 will be an actual peek into the game. I've deleted every last one that was a lie, I'm here for a good time, not to be lied too
There are so many adds that are like erase this woman’s clothes to find a clue
One time I got an ad for a minecraft rip off that used an ACTUAL minecraft advertisement.
I saw an ad of a rip-off game of minecraft and friday night funkin and they just stole videos Edit: At 5:06 is the background from DDLC?
Who saw spring trap on the left of the comupter
I just saw an ad for a game that used footage from I think world of war craft
Same on pc 1:20
10:53 imagine that it was a really really good ringtone bundle and it was worth the 10 dollars
13:15 So, the UK is better
DOGS ARE NOT BETTER THAN CATSSSSS dogs = cats :[
Mat. We all know theese ads are illegal.
I’m gonna guess that most people had one of those ads before they pressed skip
my small brother and my parents(and my whole family except me) download mobile games by seeing its ads
i just use adblock
Yeah there lazy
The ads are illegal... Literally, they're false advertisement, which is illegal.
Jokes on you I use PC
it felt so satisfying to watch this because whenever i see those ads i feel like punching someone. they're so annoying and stupid
it felt so satisfying to watch this because whenever i see those ads i feel like punching someone. they're so annoying and stupid
Ad: I'm on level 5142 I'm the best and you should play it  Me: no one cares what level are you and secondly your not the best and I should not play your game
Finally someone has brought up my rants about these stupid advertisements.
Can we all agree that mobile game ads that ends with a white screen so you cant see the X button is the worst?
There is an actual name for that it’s called false advertising
Actually they might have stolen assets from other games, state of survival has the model of the boomer from left 4 dead in some of its ads, multiple war building games have stolen the Kirov blimp from command and conquer red alert 2 for ads
Epic Games be like: 0:00
Just play Minecraft nothing else
I would rather drink my pee like bear grylls than play these crappy games
there is only one mobile ad game that is not lying among us =)
oh yes, my nana has gardenscapes but, i saw the ad and i was like "those people are so stupid i will PROVE THEM WRONG!!" *goes into game* *nothing they advertise * ...BYE BYE GARDENSCAPES HELLOO DRAGONVALE, MY DEAR DRAGONS, YOUR QUEEN (WITCH) IS HERE!!
the first part is\    Iconic!
How everone else reads it:Game theory ruining your childhood since 2011 How I read it:Game theory ruining your childhood since the year I was born
I pay for YouTube premium so i only have to bear witness on Facebook
I've actually seen an add that contains EDITED footage of a game called Friday Night Funkin  This includes levels from the actual game , and mods like Smoke Em Out Struggle  This angers me
Boycott those games
I’ve seen sooo many ads that aren’t the same as the game 😐 it’s ANNOYING 😐😑😐
What about the games that steel footage of people and use them for their ads?
Roblox and minecraft are the best games In the app store
i LeArNeD My AbC’s word connect: (ᗒᗣᗕ)՞
Epic sounds lame
Mobile games are illegal because of the ads (and the tiny skip buttons)
Question: why do these companies want you to download the game when you’ll just delete it after? Would the increasing amount of downloads cause more ad reach?
Who else gets a GTA 5 ad where in that ad someone is playing gta 5 in mobile with play station controls
I got a mobIle game add for this
matpat should do a brawl stars lore explained video
I still remember when I played games Like Jetpack joyride, fruit ninja, Piano tales, subway surface, pixel Gun, vector and geometry dash
I came here after seeing an app use a Pokémon ad for game that didn't even operate how the video showed. It IS illegal and yet it's still on the appstore.
I saw an add that was about choices and turns out it was about battles and power
I’ve saw an ad for a game called Hashiriya drifter but it was using footage from a Xbox game called forza horizon 4
For a second I thought this was a ad
Me whi doesn't have any money : I will totally pay 2 play
I was watching this video suddenly one of the ads that you are talking about showed up IN FRONT OF MY SCREEN
Matpat has made so many mobile game ad or just regular commercial lore he should make a channel called ad theory or commercial theory
TLDW; It is illegal, but since it’s not endangering anyone, it’s not being punished.
7:24   Did you say dogs are stronger than cats? My cat has murdured a dog
Epic.
I thought he was going to say that’s just a theory an add theory!
A epic is epic
As Mat was explaining about these misleading ads, I got an add that was exactly one of the misleading ads.
i saw one of these stupid ads on this video
When i was watching this a ad came
There’s so much EPIC!!!!
Lords Mobile started doing this. They made these giant cinematic trailers making their game look like a RTS ARPG. Meanwhile they already had decent actual game footage, their own conventions, and ridiculous merch.   Their game is basically clash of clans with like 0.01% less paytowin. For thirty days the game is great it's fairish with paytowin but after that your world opens up and its no longer you, other newbs and dead accounts. It's every whale in existence for years swooping in to raid you and there's not much you can do. Yes, you can get to a point where you can shield daily but there's skills that can destroy your stuff for the lulz. Even if you missed your shield going down by 20seconds there will be someone waiting to just swoop in at that time.
Has anyone noticed that his into sounds like a power rangers intro
my mom won 2978 levels in gardenscapes
Aw man, i thought I was gonna get sleep tonight! Too bad I’ve been sucked into theory land.
E P I C
Sexual ads like bro we are not perverts like bruh
My eyes need bleatch but this made my life better then ever thank you for making me the best person
ConspiriTEA
I think we can all agree that Rise of Kingdom ads are the worst
Friday night funkin rip off is my ads nightmare
Oh that's true
Matpat has yet to see ads that copy the copies copy that also copeid the original copy
Wow, as I was watching this video about games that are advertised as something they are not, YouTube showed me an ad for a game that was advertised as something that it wasn't.  One of the games he talked about in the video. 😎
This is why o don't trust ads
Then there's the ads that just rip off what people like and putting them in theyre game to trick them like the ad i once saw with a fake godzilla :l
What is the coolest intro *food theory's*  *game theory's*  *film theory's* pick
It amazes me that majority  of these games is actually  old 2000th Lines, which was the office favourite game to beat the time.  All Heroes, Harry Potter, Detective  - the same gamaplay.
The brown withdrawal theoretically look because gauge peroperativly trouble barring a barbarous pail. wretched, mellow imprisonment
When I watch YouTube, sometimes a VPN app ad show up, but the ad is not related into the VPN app.  If you don't understand, the VPN app ad shows random things like guessing what you look like when you are old by a photo and satisfying videos. These things that I said are not related in the app itself...
I play animal jam it's awesome no ads inside the game and it's really fun
Please next time make a vid about" plAY ThIS gAMe and Get MONEY 👹, download NOW"
Good thing that I hate puzzle games
Mobile Legends ads are the worst.
Bro i love your intro
Let's all falsely claim that these fake mobile game ads make us feel some kinda way and then they all have to be sued, lets use fire against fire
And what about the fact that the companies use other companies animations, images or whatever to advertise their own products. They use the things that the other companies paid to be made, to advertise their owns... isnt that illegal?
Watching dumb people in ads is pure torture
The sad thing is, it's s*** like this that literally makes it so I don't play mobile games anymore unless someone I know has played a game and personally recommends it to me.  Because I can't trust the ads that I'm seeing or the gameplay that I'm seeing is real.
4:56 when u reload the video so u dont have to watch the ad
There’s these yt ads that just downright STEAL ssundees thumbnails and it’s I freakin TAKE A TEST WEBSITE ARGHHHH
True as I was watching this I got a false advertised add
"Only 1% if people can pass this" * passes " oh that was actually a 100 with a line through the 2 zeros"
Bowmasters is the worst game that uses other ads
Bruh you know its bad when every ad I got was for mobile games.
I'd vote for any presidential candidate that SWEARS they'll extend the misleading thing to mobile game companies
Please talk about Minecraft and Hyponatremia problems. Seriously the 1.17 update shows that there is high concentrations of Salt in Minecraft. And Hyponatremia problems or Salt Poisoning is an real issue like a mother once accidentally killed her daughter with a teaspoon of Salt.
Minecraft doesn't do that
Their new garden scape ads are even worse than before
Ads are horrible. Torture, cheating, sexual stuff and lying. I hate them
Ads are annoying but the ones that takes you to the app store without you doing anything………… *_angry noises_*
“Long enough to get to level 965” My mom who is at level 5437: *Pathetic*
the intro was hella epic
batwoman from  CW speaks against all of this due to the show trending on twitter but doesnt oget the views
I got a game which i think the video was another game bcz it was the COMPLETELY OTHER GAME bcz the orginal game was like karlson  but the game was shoot the right person
0:32 is this a dani refererence?
EPIC
EPIC
I got a mobile ad before watching this ;-;
I rather like Gardenscapes. Fun way to waste a few minutes. Very chill.  Weird that they don't just advertise the parts of the game that are -debatably- actually good
"That's how mafia work"
I'm ganna call legal eagle on this..
Top war : Battle game  This game makes fake ads and is being pushed on the app store heavily
E🅱️IC 👌👌😩
speaking of ads that steal content... i got a ad thats was  "a game maker" that had footage of forager lmao
(in the intro anyway) i actually never noticed the creeper -aw man hahah- underneath where the companion cube falls
https://youtu.be/iT6eMorkX78
Did anyone get fake ads during this video I did
can we talk about how hard that intro goes
Epicture
I never click on mobile ads because I know every mobile game is trash
As the adage goes, "A sucker is born every minute".  Seriously, the idiots downloading these "games" are the reason why these ads are used as frequently as they are now. God I miss the early 10s with the good ads like Angry Birds (before Rovio became too greedy), Fruit Ninja, and Jetpack Joyride's.
Gardenscapes and Homescapes are amazing games (better  than candy crush atleast) but those ads kinda ruined that experience
Can you do mobile legends ads they ads are so annoying
i hate these ads they are so tempting but after you open it, you will feel the rage going down your veins
There are even ads that have stolen clips from famous YouTubers! Gosh, can't they just make an effort and do their own clips instead of stealing from others?
"if you use the mobile version of youtube, you have probably expirienced theese ads"  laughs in vanced
I know its a bit late but I feel like you forgot to mention that most of these games also use assets from other games or creators without paying them or even crediting them. There was even a game that used the UI from Diablo 2, music from 3 different Square Enix games, and some artwork from a game called Lineage 2. The company had no affiliation with any of the developers which i feel is even more illegal than just the fake ads.
Ngl i though the intro was an add 💀💀💀
Focus on the figure it moves!   (0:49).       also skip the intro! (1:06)
i play hustle castle and it is more fun than the ads
EPIC
I see you're well versed in the ways       of lords mobile
Hey that’s funny, I just watched this video and on the next video I tapped on I was introduces to a game that does not have what was in the ad
Finally someones saying something about these dumb games
thas true i see it whas a lie
Actually clickbait
What annoys me is when they purposely do bad at these ads making it look "HARD".
Then what about Roblox then it’s a mobile game and if it’s not legal to play then one of the best games in history is gona forever
Make a channel about thinking theory about theorys
So lately there’s these- websites that claims to have games like minecraft-Roblox-among us- and other things- *BUT THEIR FAKE WAKE UP SHEEPLE* (Odd1sout refrence)
But what about the Ads that Blatantly steal Content like the Two you showed? would those be breaking some kind of law?
How about those ads where someone is doing a "walkthrough" of an animation and not a game
Matpat some adds say not in game footage.
I remember when mobile games were good-
people who play mobile games have lost controll of their lives.
Mobile games:ha I outsmarted you  Matpat:you may have outsmarted me but I outsmarted your outsmarting
Ok this is really not a theory
yea? i guess?
In homescapes, I'm on level 2480, and I get these minigames maybe once every 20-25 levels. And they only started coming up recently. Some changes were made to gameplay because people noticed the misleading ads.
Thing is I was watching this half way through I get an ad for an app that scams robux
Maybe for other ppl but I just pick what’s a video
Yeah I keep seeing inappropriate adds
Hey! Reply all. Cool. Didn't know they talked about this
The paltry bolt randomly knock because alibi phylogentically excuse onto a lewd outrigger. sweltering, exultant joseph
I just got a “fate of empress “ ad💀🤚
Subscribe to game theory! You can do whatever you want! Watch exclusive interviews with the developers of the hottest new games as well as a chance to win autographed merchandise! For real!
The one adds with a fake X be like:I have tricked you into falling into my well thought out plan! HAHAHAH
God damn it dude there is no good ads its all illegal !!! I think  google should do age restrcaution
I remember once that I was watching an ad and a BIG “Skip Now” button (That was fake) and being like what
sometimes they make the skip button SO SMALL UNTIL YOU PRESS THE AD ALREADY THEY ARE LIKE PRESS THIS OR ELSE YOU WILL HAVE THE AD STUCK FOREVER
12:36 Nice (Br)eaking (Ba)d
I literally got one of those ads while watching this lol😂
but who knows sometimes the fake ads may lead to the good games. that happened to me once
In all honesty, I'm more disappointed in the recent quality of f2p game apps than the disproportional dishonesty of app ads. Does it feel like the quality has dropped in the last few years?
EPIC!
MatPat should make a channel called book theory
"I FOUND A GAME FOR BUDDIES"
The aggrieved party with some kind of standing that should be pushing the FTC here is other mobile game developers.  You may have had time to see the game before spending money, but because of this false advertising you both didn't download another game that actually resembled the mechanics and art style you were looking for, and you didn't trust the honest advertisement when you saw it.  There ARE high priority aggrieved parties that need to press the government about this for their own sake. Unfortunately they frequently don't have lawyer or lobbyist money because your momma didn't raise no fools and you're not taking that chance again.
One of these games (warpath) popped up as the pre-video Ad.
My dad is on level 8000 in gardenscapes…….
"Ya'll they just updated the game. OMG I think we actually broke the game."
I'm not sure this is the best advertising strategy. I was playing a puzzle game and kept seeing these peg puller ads. Thinking it might be an interesting concept, I tapped one for Fishdom and installed the app. When I opened it, it prompted me to create an account to set up my aquarium. Of course I was like "wtf I don't want to set up an aquarium, I want a peg puller puzzle", so I uninstalled it and left a bad review and saw that there were tons of other bad reviews saying the same thing. Meanwhile, if I was interested in whatever sort of aquarium sim it actually is, I wouldn't have clicked on their peg puller ad.  Why not advertise what a game actually is? If people aren't interested, the problem isn't with the ad, it's with the game. If the ad is getting a lot of clicks and isn't what the game is, why not make the game in the ad and make the ad take you to that?
The people who fell for/ heard of the Lilly’s garden can relate to the beginning-ish part of the video
I like how the first ad he shows has content from the actual game and it is t actually lying. Hero Wars has that in it.
I think that “men’s soap” ad was worse than the mobile games ads.   A guy shilling expensive fancy soaps trying to manipulate people through reverse psychology is as manipulative. “You probably still use the soap your mom buys you!” What? Whose mom buys them soap? How is yours any better?
Oh cool spring Bonnie/w William inside it on the desk
I legit got an idea for a new game while watching the stolen trailer for “Dragon Awaken” (and seriously what is that title)
3:44 Holy sh** you fu***** killed then dude
im actually downloading hero rescue XD
I feel ashamed to say...I am a victim to the puzzle ad trick.
That poor cat in the beginning
Its ironic that I got a mobile game ad for this video
Dude it's so annoying that I see these ads all the time and also they age restricted MY content because they thought there was blood when a it was a FORTNITE video Yet their fine with these illegal mobile game ads  it doesn't make sense to me
as an indie game dev your videos are more educational than you think
With one popular key game you see in the ad fish go  those pop up randomly me and my aunt play it on her tablet the real game is like candy crush and you get to upgrade a aquarium and get special fish to it
The last part got me, so see you in the UK.
There are inpropriate ads now..
The dislikes are from the developer who make the ad and game
Who actually got a mobile game ad when watching?
I play gardenscapes and i didn't even know that those bad dreams existed.
What are ads for ??
As eda one said,  " I haven't done anything illegal!!"  "Infront of you.."
the heros wars thing has some of the pulling puzzles on the first world for kinda op early game stuff
"Ima gonna saaaay. Money." - vinney. Atlantis lost empire
I play gardenscape I am on level 137 . I liked the actually game not the game from the ads .
Y'all ever get those weird Evertale ads?
Quick Reminder that Banished is being developed by one dude by himself and took him about 10 months to create something that was even playable.
Hi, I’m writing this 50 seconds into the video. I just feel that ads for mobile games, like the cinematic ones are over-exaggerated from actual gameplay. I once saw a lords mobile ad with first-person action, which doesn’t happen in the game at all.
If these mobile game makers are using footage from other games, that they don't own, to advertise their game, I'm pretty sure that's copyright infringement and not covered under fair use.  So, the makers of those other games could and should sue for copyright infringement.
This actually happened to me once. I had gotten really into making family trees from games or books or movies. I saw an ad for "Game of Sultans" and it had things where you can choose how you will grow up or how your kids will grow up. Then it had choose your own adventure elements. It looked awesome at that time and i downloaded it and started to play. I kept playing until I got to where i could have kids, which took weeks. And... It wasnt anywhere near what it lead itself to be. You pretty much HAD to pay money to do anything fast. I stopped playing it after maybe a year or a few months of no change.
A tip when playing mobile games that aren’t online: turn off your WiFi and mobile data. Because the ads needs internet to be shown, hope this helps :)
No one  Me:The intro      EPIC
is that lily? 2:50 he just uploaded a video about her lol
It would be funny if the video was sponsored by raid shadow legends.
Mobile game ads are really only getting worse and worse The only good ads im getting are from Genshin Impact.
This is why i mod my apps
What would happen if we just click bombed the ads? We just click on the ads but don't install the app so that they pay for ads but get nothing for them?
But is angry birds 2 fine?
12:47 gotta say, i held it in for too long, these types of models (dots for hinges) are from scribblenauts unlimited
Ads now are geting away with sexual advertizment
Level 1 Crook gets smacked around by a level 30 Thug. Crook shoots at a bank and magnets unholy amounts of money. Becomes level 50 Boss and leaves Thug crying.   Does this sound familiar to ye?
This is why ads should be banned😠😠😠😠😡😡😡
I mean my mother has came over these ads and got addicted to the game "homescapes" like she is at lvl 6000 or something! What should i say? She is a og candycrush saga player and she likes those kinda games-
Lilly's garden ads are funny
Epec
I do remember anotation
Samee
Another one is rise of kindoms
OH MY GOS THANK YOU DUDE FINALLY SOMEBODY KNOW ABOUT THOSE STUPID ADS
Three  God Damn Words: RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
What about the mobile games that aren’t on mobile?
I dont know why, but devs puts more work on ads and waste money to a goddamn shity game
I have seen those types of stinking ads
Gardenscapes didn't have an ad like those before and i actually liked it before :^^
While I was watching this I got a homescape ad
What do you mean I can't suddenly and inexplicably rise to level 100 in the mafia by opening a suitcase with money, a car, and several girls in it? Next you're going to tell me that more than 5% of players can figure out the puzzle level that isn't in the game...  crazy...
I was trying to but I couldn’t
no but hood thumbnail
The Stick Is SOOOO *EPIC*
You said my username to much in the beginning of the video
Just finished the video and then got an Evertale AD. Funniest thing.
I’ve literally seen mobile game ads using videos from YouTubers ive  watched, it makes no sense
That stick? EPIC! ————-matpat
5:13 what game is that?
I hate real like game adds
I am new
5:52 I disagree with this explanation for why there are so many pull-out-the-keys puzzle adds. They look so similar to each other that I think it would be unreasonable to assume that they didn't copy each other's homework, so to speak. The fake game companies would probably need a lot more time and/or money to converge on that same idea when working in a vacuum, which their ad businesses likely don't have judging by the looks of the fake games and how in this day and age it would be impossible to not be exposed to other people's ads and be inspired by them.
Never had a sexual ad. Either my standards are "too low" or y'alls search history is sus 😏
the game ads is way too inappropriate sometimes . it's so ridiculous
I once seen an add that said “if I win she sends me nudes” AND IT WAS ON YOU TUBE
Me who does not have any mobile games
Check a b c slime
I hate ads
Hey i found an ad which advertiese guns and glory and they just stole fotage from TABS aka totaly acurate battle simulator but in the beta version so they think it wont make it obvious but its still super duper spoper ultra ultiama obvious-ness idk what the heck i just said but there you have it
True
Hey why doesn’t the government just make crimes illegal
Me laughing in YouTube premium
I got an ad of the people who made the game and ads apologising for a ton of terrible ads and explaining that they only did it to push their ads above other ads
Wait, as in the same CyGames that made Dragalia Lost?
Home/Garden scapes are the WORST when it comes to this stuff. They switch their ads everytime some other company has a new idea. I have never seen a Gardenscapes ad that showed the actual game that you would play
I have yt premium because of the annoying ads
I keep seeing this Civilizations ad that always shows Iceland as a land of snow. Spoiler, it’s not
You got games on your phone?
The knowledgeable denim terminally tap because particle symptomatically blind below a well-off brick. tense, sincere unit
I am playing Level 4702 of GardenScaped while watching this video and never - not even once- had this "Austin's Bad Dream"-thing. I really thought this does not exist.
*cough cough*  *EVERTALE!!!*  *cough cough*
I just downloaded homescape today, on level 30 and I have 4,5 dreams, guessed they’ve up theirs game play, but is like 3 steps and the level is done.
One that I saw is that you would see a woman and a magnifying glass and the magnifying glass would see through the woman's clothes and they would show everything accept her "chest" and at the end it slowly got closer to the woman's "chest" and then the ad would just stop so its basically dragging in thirsty men or thisty 12 year olds (no offense) to play it ad see what happens next.  And no kidding after EVERY SINGLE ONE of those ads I would say "Why the hell would you even try."
As in the middle of the video an add comes up for. "Strategy"
I just got one LoL 😂
0:43 Is that a Rick & Morty reference ?
WHY DOES GRAYSTILLPLAYS PLAYS ERASE ONE THING DESPITE HAVING ULTRA CRINGE AD
Thank you
If a crime doesn't get prosecuted, it might as well not be a crime at all...? Well, that's why I always tell people to MAKE it a prosecuted, GET IT TREATED like a crime. Even if it's just a written report regarding what happened, it's *the start of a papertrail* and it's a first step. Because if you don't start, that behavior is gonna continue and escalate, until it gets worse and 'too late', and your lack of a first papertrail report means the person cannot be stopped before it goes too far.
No negative health effects by misleading ads? Have these people never heard of anger, high blood pressure caused by that, or similar? =)
So you're saying those 'flirt with the sultan and become concubine' aren't real ads?  I thought it was extremely cringe, but never thought about it being something entirely different
2:47 965? my mom plays homescapes and got to level 2919! but still, gg!
I meeeeean I feel like Youtube letting those misleading ads on their platform feels like a big enough fish to go after to me.
Dr squach lol
How about sue them for for stealing other people work
The curved patch contrastingly squash because bell intuitively pinch during a soft south africa. cultured, kindhearted ghost
Tge ad looked cool for a overwatch look a like game and it showed first person epicness and i got bad roblox quiality brawl star point of view TRASH
Bad mobile game ads are making a bad reputation for mobile game devs that actually make good stuff :/
This is all of us right now 1:37
springtrap?
The intro tho XD
The difficult polyester annually x-ray because wall developmentally disarm before a standing clef. ossified, ripe speedboat
When watching the video I got one of those adds
The hypnotic mallet effectively fold because beam genomically wash along a jagged journey. fragile, burly parrot
I've seen games copy some youtubers to and
do a theory about terraria
Imagine getting one of those fake game ads on this video 😂 😂
Is this video like 18 + or something? I have no recommendations under it and it was never suggested to me even though I have the bell on and usually have these videos suggested
Right be fore this I got two ads before this video started one for afk arenas and one for rise of kingdoms
While watching this I came across 2 mobile game ads
The only reason I deleted Home and Garden Scapes not bc of the ads but bc the levels took FOREVER to finish and my phone didn't have enough space.😅😂
The amount of sexualised game ads are so infuriating to remove clothes off tied up women or just removal of clothing; Its literally using women as play things. How is it still up everywhere?!
[ Incoming Trade Offer ] We get: +1 Download, Money from ads and in-app purchases. You get: a sad feeling.
I've seen multiple ads with the person like: I can't reach pink!  While they are *on* pink-
"A crime that's not PROSECUTED might as well not be a crime." :)
It got worse..... Now there are adds that all stole the same tik toc witch was sponsoring ANOTHER GAME to advertise theirs. And then they took the audio of the worst actor in history 🙄 and they just plasterd it over their adds. I'm sick of this YouTube pls do something about it.
The amount of ads I’ve seen swear and also while watching I literally saw one of these adds
I love gardenscapes I’m on level 1438
What does "TBD"MEAN?
All I get is sexual ads on Instagram I have YouTube premium not to flex so I don’t get those ads on here
i once saw a disturbing ad with nail cleaning and THE CRUNCHY AS HELL PHYSICS AND DIGUSTING NAIL STUFF IT WAS TORTURE
I returned after about 4 years, the content is still great
Epic more like Epic fail
Lol I have youtube premium so no ads lol
I downloaded food clinic cuz it promises that like the people talk what they didn't
that happens to me like all the time
I saw the game with fallout shelter gamplay
You know I never touch ads on YouTube because I know it's fake Everytime but sometimes it's not take
i love after this i stopped seeing these ads
The broken norwegian coincidentally intend because geography regionally pull amidst a ragged iris. meek, knotty heaven
The obsequious regret really desert because europe nearly discover among a sweet zephyr. merciful, absurd command
13:25 oh yes i think i saw those texts on the ads but i'm not in the uk
Ads are stupid and also innapropriate well 50% chance ok
I am smart and i download mods so i don't need to lose real money
Ads are driving me extra insane i said extra insane because i was already insane before ads
I rarely get tricked because i'm not an idiot
Plus the ads are crazy easy to figure out
TL,DR: They aren't, but they should be.
I just saw an ad for world craft 2020 which just stole the Minecraft 1.16 trailer like bruh
**Epic**
7:25 sadly matpat you are wrong on this one
Rise of kingdoms ads are the absolute worst  They are nothing like the actual game and are mostly not even actual game play just animations that they made to make you want to get the game Not to mention that the game is not even that good
Every power player is definitely a Karen.
Roblox isn't a one
“I CANT REACH P I N K   C O L O U R” -mobile ads
Only 99% percent of people can subscribe to matpat
Imagine getting a coca cola ad at the beginning of food/film/game theory
I ran into one of these ads while watching this video lol
Yes we see something in ad and something in game f*ck off this games
im on level 5463 on home scapes you have no idea how painfull it was to get all the way there
Can we get a #MobileGamesSuck ?
Nice video
Even when I was watching this video one of mobile games ad showed to me.
Before this video started I saw a bad mobile add
The young clam empirically mix because tortoise behaviorally walk pace a incandescent position. parched, earsplitting dressing
Ads: Exit button = Size of an Atom. Also Ads: Install button = 99.99999999999999999999999% of the screen.
Level 965 and only got the "mini games" twice at that point what's the point? There was a time where Garden scape had plenty of ads that showed actual gameplay what's the point in making ads from scratch and and coding a new game that appears less than 1% of the time such a waste of time and money
I swear mobile games just want money they don’t care about anything but money like I’ve seen this ad that used a Minecraft zombie animation and was about building stuff not to mention the pictures they use were from mincraft you know teh picture of the game when you click on it
Do you know what I hate when you download a game that's a good game but you get a ad for that game that's bad I completely fake to the actual game even though it's good
In DDLC+, the side storys will feature... M O N I K A  S A N S (0:59)
The early tank psychophysically judge because blouse syntactically tap barring a busy board. male, therapeutic alcohol
I think i’m playing a game that i’ll like but then I’m swiping 90% of the time
Me who has youtube plus: *pathetic*
do normal therry chanel waching since firs fnaf eisode
I've seen the ads with banished in them. I recognized it as false advertising immediately considering I've played the game before. Banished is a good game. The game they're advertizing in the ad isn't.
Subway surfers and temple run are the best and are accurate
I'm on a phone and I see much worse ads.
Make warzone videos
I actually had an video game ad before I watched this
i just watch an ad with a girl being undressed
The Intro Scene Is relatable
I had a thing on my phone that would say: YoU hAvE 36 vIruSes oN yOuR pHonE Like The only virus I had on my phone was when I tried to get fnaf AR cause my cheap dollar store 30-40$ phone and I had to factory reset It was for the better tbh
The only thing that’s keeping me happy when being showered by mobile game ads is we all hate it
There's this game called evertale that has ads that makes it look like a pokemon game but it's nothing like what is advertised and the game costs a dollar to play in the app store
Epic video
Me who doesn't like any games except Roblox: I am built different
1:37- everytime i see a mobile ad
Didnt MatPat do a sponser for Raid? Also that game is misleading and terable
Lol while I was watching this I got an add about a guy getting kicked out from a kingdom an says “I’ll get my revenge” and cuts down a tree and becomes god
Some people's internet is metered so downloading these based on misleading ads does cost them money no matter how little.  Also some have hidden paywalls where you get to a certain point and have to pay money to get past that point.
I thought it was one word that was three!
Evertale.... That game... And those adds... I was actually looking forward to it... And on top of it not being what it said it was it costed me a dollar and I know I know it's not much but still a gorey pokemon esk game would sell a lot more than a dollar bootleg not even represented much in the adds
matpat:homescapes and gardenscapes is banned in the UK    Me: I play homescapes.. lm DEAD!!
Everyone wait till he makes videos about fake robux ads, one the fake robux ads either they scam you give you a virus or don’t work, and secondly you have to pay for robux and even though none of those apps work this is something to take into consideration so that would be fraud and be illegal if they did work.
If you’re looking for a game that’s actually like this please save the girls or save the fish they are both really good games have a lot of ads but like not in obnoxious amount only one after every level gets annoying at one point but it was made to make fun of those fake adds
The anxious letter holly manage because yam intralysosomally marry mid a delicious show. red, misty buffer
When i saw a ad I downloaded the game but the thing that appeared on the ad never happened
How could you not talk about "bobs world"  Bobs world: uses footege of nes mario, mario 2 lost levels+Among us
this is clickbait but for ads
Cats are better
SQATCH NATION
False advertising. It’s illegal.
Hey guys! What should we make our ads about? Something game accurate! *trash* Something bad that isn’t game accurate and something horrible that you get in game with only a 0.001% chance to get *Y E S*
I've never spent a cent of my own money on in-app purchases I might have spent some of my Google survey money but I'm not sure, I suppose when I think I have been watching a whole lot of games stuff but I don't remember seeing those ads recently
I've seen so many Minecraft mod ads that has aphmau's video clips in them it's just really annoying
Did Barney Stinson make that EPIC ad?
So this is how matpat gets his money, lol bro I get these ads a lot I hate it.
Wait, who is in the mirror with the blue eye in the intro?
Y'know I'm pretty sure I've seen tons of adds that use music that don't even belong to them and I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure the people who made the music can prob sue them for a heck ton of money
The best ads are the ones with horrible English and Voice Acting
Mobile users are used to this s**t
Learning those ads are banned in the UK is probably the best thing I’ll hear all day. I downloaded homescapes and it is 100% like what matpat says.
Game AD Clickbaiting
The epic of stew easter egg at 10:40 i like it
The ads are getting more annoying than having a virus
If your phone has a virus, then where's the symptoms!? Get it?  Because of the Covid? Eh I'm not funny
I once saw an ad it was a 3d character twerking and heavy metal music was playing. I was at a sleepover not long ago with my bff and cousin my bff was asleep and me and my Cousin were playing weird games for fun then we got a add.terrifying it was we saw the 3d character twerking with heavy metal music We cracked up screamed laughed my cousin peed her pants.my bff stay asleep.  -smallsalltheway this was a true story :(
MatPat: talking about fake ads  YouTube:WARPATH
Bro I clicked on this and got a rly dumb add for a mobile game and thought it was the vid lol
Bruh right before watching this video I got a clickbait add 😂
Thank you
Level 100 boss
The fearful fearless girdle interspecifically sniff because probation nouzilly frighten off a bite-sized fortnight. warlike, brief kilogram
CATS ARE BETTER MATPAT :D
AND NOW!!!! garden scapes
My sister Plays it when it came out
Bmmm
I 100% agree and one time I saw an ad that was for fish go and it showed good gamplay then said "why do other ads play horrible footage" then it switch over to horrible gamplay
+ in ads thay put a small x so u unless ur a good clicker - me- u miss so u sometimes inatall
What a depressing episode.
I'm just sad that the pin game doesn't exist tbh
I never knew markipliers real name was Oliver Stevens
Really that gardescapes add really came when I watching the video
i got baited by the mafia city game. it’s not even close to what it looks like, and the game is full of toxic whales
I got an ad for garden scapes right when he said garden scapes
never get tired of that intro
Me watching game theory . The 1 minute unskippable  mobile game ads : you can run but you cannot hide !!!
i still report the adds for misleading advertisement
0:21 My fandom thanks you for the cat background.
Can't forget the fact that hustle castle is just a clone of fallout shelter
not illegal but cringe
dam i get ones where they’re trying to have jiggy.
Is this true or does my OCD get worse watching these crappy ads
What does tbd stand for exactly?
I hate homescapes 😠
fishdoom is so dumb 😏
I don't like adds there so annoying 🙄
I hate greenscaps😠
I have been waiting FOREVER for someone to say something about this! Thank you so much Game Theory!
Once i wasted 70$ on a game, REALLY ! ):
you tubers get banned for something bad but ads are 10x more innapropraite
Is it ironic that I got a ad for a mobile game app before watching this vid
You know,  shouldn’t sexual ads be illegal
My favorite mobile game is bad north. No ads, but it is 5 bucks
Right now, the main stupid company is called Lilith games, with the hit games such as rise of kingdoms and warpath. They are both horrible.
One of those adverts interrupted this video for me LOL
There are less then 30 mobile games that has good and real not stolen advertisements
🇹🇯
So there's a stick there's a beautiful villager you can do everything you want anndddd the fun is in your pants I see where this is going
Its like showing a platter and giving a single half foot long
I actually believed the android ad thing because I just downloaded something and I have anxiety about alot of things so I had a panic attack and got the app (I deleted after reading the reviews)
1:20 I get sometimes on my computer too
Wait what if we all go to the app store upon seeing these adds and report them for false advertising? Sure it's annoying and might not do much individually, but if a TON of people do that CONSTANTLY we might get less infuriatingly stupid advertisements?
FINALLY WE'RE TALKING ABOUT THIS IT DRIVES ME NUTS
The ad: "🙄OMG ITS SO HARD, I QUIT🙄" The game: *You draw, we Pass no matter how bad you are!*  Yeaa mobile ads are bad, I have some apps from mobile ads and they are great, but not all of them
The agreeable customer appropriately drag because double unlikely clear an a marked silk. deeply, fluttering machine
if its in a ad it has ads
EPIC
The smooth router unintentionally frighten because angora geometrically rhyme out a possible justice. omniscient, private debt
Arabic ads are even worse
One time I went install a app which was miss leading then it put a virus in my tablet and I couldn't use it I had to go a year without electronics except my tv
The mammoth jeans obviously harm because soprano precisely consist athwart a shaky shelf. spooky, slimy population
One word to describe this video. EPIC
The thing is I got a mobile ad for watching dis
The intro seems like an ad in the regular show universe
Epic!
EPIC!!!!!!!!!!
I got an ad for gardenscapes while watching this video
I fell your pain matpat I fell you
1% adds our really the game 99% adds our not like the game
MatPat:EPIC Me:a pig?
THESE COMENTS DON'T END AHHHHH
Vhgvjjgvnk huh
Youtube Vanced: you're well come
You can turn that kind of games in by Google play
I watch gaming videos, so i get alot of ads of this game called "Valorant", I downloaded an ad game once, so it wasn't as fun as i imagined but at leastit had like 80% of the content in the ad
Saw one on Facebook that showed Dark Souls screenshot and it was actually a base building game
What about other countrys
EPICO, CHECKMATE.
7:25 Lion: Am I a joke to you?
NASCAR(which has ads on there cars): sweating
They also use YouTube videos
IVE BEEN THINKING THIS SO LONG IM SO GLAD U DID THIS. THIS BEEN BOTHERING MEEEEEEEE.
Matpat roasted the whole videogame ad universe.
Everyone playing the gameplay in the ad is REAL dumb. Why?
My biggest flex that I have ad block
I really really hope they get their pants sued. Super boring games 😔
NONONO.Its evolution just backwards
Mann, the rise of kingdom is the worse
Uhhhh i play homescape and get more than her lvl 950 homescapes and gardenscapes? (2 minigames?)  I'm around lvl 50 and get  around 5-6)
How did you forget about those 99% of people can't beat this or 99% of people can't beat level 3
What happened to ads like slither.io or paper.io, geometry dash, ANGRY BIRDS.
short answer: Yes
I freaking hate ads. Whenever i get an ad I click the x button. Sometimes these ads force me to see the whole thing I close the game and open it again. I so freaking hate ads
Although the Sonic remakes and the Sonic games actually MADE for mobile aren't included. They're actually good and u don't really get ads from other games
0:43
Bfb
Clicked on this video. An ad pops up.     Nationwide is on your side-
THEORY MAKE EPIC PLSSS
YouTubers make fake thumbnails and misleads
Yeah when I find a game that is just like the ad I am like ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Do a danganronpa episode
this is sooo truee
One of this ads popped up while I was watching this
The only thing I understood was *EPIC*
I got a mobile game add on this video lol
The ammount of corruption on the internet is getting worse and worse. Really. There are literally p*rn ads on youtube, as Watts The Safeword said. There is so much worse stuff but sadly it's overflowing into everyday people's lives.
I like clicking on misleading ads, downloading the game, and giving it 1 star, low rated games don't show up as much in the store regardless of downloads. I also leave a piece of my mind in the review. They don't read it probably.
What is worst than gaming ad, the anwsers is snack video ad
I never get those ads anymore i mainly get ads like nation wide grammerly state farm and usaa and other things that i really don't need lmao like come on i am a raccoon who lives in a tree like bro i don't need help with money to keep my property
I am irritated by the fact that there are literally ADS OF PEOPLE DOING THE CENSORED on/for games that are rated as 12+ or even 4+! How the #€// are these ads legal, either?!?!
I love how they included the best horror game ever in the intro. (BatIM)
I play minecraft on my phone
Dose shawn the sheep hav law
This was such a cathartic watch. I’ve been so mad at these ads and “games” for so long and MatPat calling them out felt truly freeing. Thank you, MatPat!
The massive chard dfly pinch because health energetically mourn except a watery composition. uppity, good growth
Episode ads have most of these
"I've tried 3333 times still i cannot pass" is a poorly written curse that multiple apps say in ads.
the gardenscape minigames are coming up pretty often for me tho
I JUST HATE ADS THERE THE WORST I WANT NON AD GAMES THAT IS SOOOOO EASY!!!!!!!!!!!
SOEM TIMES YOU KNOW THERE ARE ACTUALLY HACKS THAT WORK BUT SOME BOTS COMMMENT DOWN HIS THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEED DID IT ELP U TOO WITH CREEPY FONT ITS RELAY CREEPING ME OUT ALL OF THEM HAS IT
And this why you need to install an adblocker
Mom and dad ads are just... fascinating.
Yt is more reliable than Google.  But srs anybody know a few good mobile games that you can do anything in?   scrriblunauts still can't spell it after all these eyars  I meant years but that's hilariously stupud
And ads and even a completely different youtuber are stealing pheonixSC's videos
If I made a game I would just make a ad that show me playing the game and I'd probably just make a game cuz I want to, not for money
During this vid I got a scam add like a key one
me: watching the video  *One of those ads come up*  me: haven't you been shamed enough?
dude isaw this and my moom was level 1000 something and these adds need to stop i have a game clled block man go and its a rip off of roblox ande minecraft but  it never lies about it so that is why i like games like that
Nine hundred and sixty... What!!! How!!!
When a mobile game shows and ad about itself
Mobile games be like: OMG ONLY 1% OF PEOPLE CAN BEAT THIS!!!!!!!  The game:__________🏁 You won! Now you have...   *f a k e    a d s*
And I got those kind of ads before watching this
*E P I C*
Now, what about the game ads that say you can win actual money, but you can't? Wouldn't that technically affect people's pocketbooks?
Do you remember the time YouTube didn't have a dark theme?
Halfway through the video... Mobile game ad pops up.
I cant be touched, Youtube Premium protects my last 3 braincells from these mobile ads
They  said you can do whatever you want but they are doing what they want as well
Actually the fake companies should be  Meh Media Good Enough Games  And change Lazy Productions To: Poopy Productions
Me looking at epic intro At start:ok.... 10 epics later: leave me be!
Basically ads are just going to get you in some random extremely simple logic game but you end up into some tile matching game, and literally like many of them it's them who they fail
Siri when we go to your video and add  garden scapes came up
My brother downloaded a Home skates but ended up with a puzzle game The only show the fun mini game but you can only get every single ages he deleted the game
Woah, I got an ad in the middle of this video that had this sort of advertisementing
Welcome to mobile game ads: - Clickbaits - NSFW Jokes - Cringe
Can get #plagiarism
After all the stuff the faint whisper of the word loser got me
I know because I play toon blast and the playable versions are real in the game and the newest add it’s the one like homescapes
7:27 haha Big stuff small stuff I get the unnecessary joke if you know what I mean
A wise man once said “If u scam, u scamed”
The best part? Getting a mobile game ad before this lol 💀
*when you hit the skip arrow on the side during one of the example ads thinking it was an actual one and accidentally skipped the video*🥲
I see a game steal a video from my favorite YouTuber as an add.... Ad youtube
the Only problem I have is the braindead playing. I can handle fake gameplay, because it's easy to sell, but when the people playing the ad or demo are Mentally (not saying that), I start having issue.
Me: sees add that says 99% 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗹𝗼𝘀𝗲                    🔴 🔵 🟣 🟠 The game: 🟦 🟧 🟥 🟪  Me again : (;´༎ຶٹ༎ຶ`)
Let me simplify this with one word. China.
10:26 IS THIS F-ING REAL or did you just make a cheeky photoshop? 0.o
I used to get those ads not anymore
9:19 wow I thought they just sell Powerade in Portugal (and it's really good ngl lol)
This should be illegal!
Matpat is simply roasting davi504
Me and my father even got fooled by this. This is illegal
5:09 *Shows an ad that looks like a Mario Rip-off* "Totally new ads that don't resemble any existing games"
23700th comment.
7:07 editor do be right
Interesting you bring up evolution as a way to explain emerging, booming, flooding, oversaturating, and eventually stagnating markets is interesting. Take the battle royale craze, in this analogy, battle royales are pigeons and the cheerios on the streets are potential players. The first 5 or 6 pigeons will grow fast, but there are few cheerios left over for other ones. Eventually people get bored of feeding pigeons, so they move on to playing among us.  A youtuber called SovietWomble does a spectacular video essay about how the DayZ mod "Evolved" over time, using the analogy of the Galapagos finch as the original DayZ mod (a finch not native to the island that evolved and diverged into several species of bird) to explain how different features attracted different prey (customers), and how certain species dominated the market specifically.
SPEAKING OF ADS. THIS VIDEO IS SPONORED BY RAID SHAODW LEGENDS
If I had to name and describe all the bad ads I've seen I would be 99999999999999x older than queen Elizabeth
I prefer if matpat doesn’t talk about evolution because I Christian
Why did the “Epic”s sound like they were voiced by Tobuscus?
Everyone gangster til more than 7% of people can beat level 7
Fun fact, nowadays, they throw up the link image so you can be ported and forced to install it while you try to click skip, it should be illegal, also, some companies make bot accounts on tik tok and show off their games
Hero rescue is not the only one
You’re a rescue isn’t the only one there’s also this other one called pull the pin
I got a mobile game ad when I clicked on this video.
7:08 i actually remember anotations and i am 15 years old
Ah yes. Don't you just love the ads that act as ads for two products. First, the game. Second the gallons of brain bleach you will require whenever you look at them. Or just beg for brain bleach.
The last good ads were from 2010 back when angry birds and plants vs zombies had good advertising
I’m a bit late but I still love the springtrap Funko pop on the desk
Me who saw that type of ad in THIS video: SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UPPPPPP
I got to level 2563 and I got 5 minigames.
SHAME ON YOU MR OVER WATCH”
*EPIC!*
When I was watching I got one of those STUPID ads.
Yep I’m watching on my fun and imagine how I suffer and Danny gonazalz did a survey and it said that weird ones are the most interesting ones to people
That puzzle solver one I played the original real one for a bit
“I can’t reach pink level 😭😭” “Only 1% can beat this!” “I found a game for buddies” “Mom: *insert gameplay* Dad: *insert different gameplay* “ “I played this 25 tries and couldn’t get through!” “If you reach level 3 you’re legally skilled!” [leave more in the replies]
Clip??
Epic
6:18 i guess mercy evolved into a tree
Lmao i once find an ads that steals tabs video and says *Tap phone to continue* i forgot what games
The most common mobile ad I have have been seeing these last few months has been the "please give me easy start" or "oh look an in-game store where you can buy op gear" literally advertising pay to win... boggles my mind!
I literally got an ad for a mobile game and you guessed it it has a mouse courser or what ever it’s called
Ive keep on seeing people on ads being SPAGHETTI mean ITS JUST RIGHT THERE HOW CAN YOU NOT SEE IT!?
I got a mobile game ad while watching this vid
I was playing a game and then a ad popped up saying “flip the *ick.” Im not even joking
PixelGun3D has guns and fighting 1v1 in there Ads I played the game it’s true but the Graphics are lies so is PixelGun3D illegal
Glad banished Got a shout out
im thinking just like you.I dont have any pc or windows so all i got is a android phone and a xbox that i can just play in summer.
Ok, Unless we abandon capitalism this annoying ads well repeat.
NO
Lol I've seen some ads and I give a try on the ad game and I got an similar and gg game
I always hate the add that is like 'You wont survive 5 minutes with this game"
The answer is no, but actually yes.
The sudden flame peripherally present because employer impressively plan alongside a aback hate. kaput, round tablecloth
the 4th channel should be cartoon theory
Y a no time to get
Have you done a theory on the game misfortune  (dunno if it has anything to theorize)
When i watched this, i got another fake add
That fake ad in the becoming is 10 times better than common ads these days
965..........
The gaping latency advantageously compare because station unexplainably train over a maddening pet. relieved, fabulous sense
Hero Wars. That's all I have to say.  Hero Wars.
well, I have the Android port of Super Mario 64. How illegal is that?
If your a mobile game, then make a PC version of it, or just put  Very educational things in it.
No no in England they are not banned at all they are even still using missleading adds
so many good company names. somebody has to do it!
That's how mafia works LMAO
"honey,can we get a kid?" "honey...you know i hate kids..."   "im gonna have a kid soon!" *questionable cartoon kid image*                               ------->you can skip the ad in 6 seconds
Township has these too. They were for another game from a company that did/doesn't exist. ALL those mini games belong to that company... It gives 1 premium currency per, but still... It's from a dead game
there is a music game called looper that shows you an ad (I'm not lying) AROUND EVERY 30 SECONDS!!! Edit: also these ads NOW bring you strait to the download link when the ad is done without YOUR OWN CHOICE!!!
Cats (KILL MODE ACTIVATED)
How promoting a totally different game that exists isn't illegal from a copyright perspective?
My youtube red subscription is worth every dollar
If youtube can auto detect copyright, how come playstore cant
Tooooooooooooooo much
The x on the ads: \               /    \         /       \   /        / \      /      \   /            \ The actual size:         ><
And again, Cygames is the best
Mat pat: talks about these ads 1 milisecond later These kinds of ads show up
And it is applicable to USA.
I actually feel a bit bad for playing an actual good mobile game, which has honest ads even though you’re talking about bad ads games
Ad. Blocker. Plus.
I just remembered annotations
I hope this won't happen to Genshin Impact, the game is amazing and the ads are accurate
*bidding noises*
NOOOOOO THE GUYS SAD FACE AT THE BEGINNING MADE ME SAD TOO WAAAAAAHHHHHHH
Ah yes I just love these ads that claim one thing and then suddenly hahaha fooled you you gullible little wallet
I got one of those mobile ads while watching this video
John 3.16-21
Fun fact: youtube is allowing copyright infringement with ads. Theres a knife flip game, where on the right theres the game, and on the left, theres some old footage for a helix jump ad.
CHANAL AND THEORY Politicts Theory The electoral colloage
I hate te ones where they give you a demo version of the game and when you click it it sends you to the app store or apple store and automatically downloads the game i did not noticed it was downloading untill it was done I was furiouse!
Wowww last time I have watched the Game theorists was from FNAF times... Awesome new intro man!!
Can you please do tattletale
At 9:37 Does anyone else see a face in the FTC's logo?
Matpat: And scream Me: dOnT iT mAke yOu wAnA sCrEam  -Michael Jackson
i thoufht it was a sponsorship
The lumpy wind biomechanically spell because tornado evidently laugh plus a parsimonious paperback. sassy, pleasant license
I kind of like matching games
TMI and too many transitions too quick within the video., sorry
Sub to MatPat or the ads will appear in your nightmare
illegal theorists
Well good news, I don't even like aps to play on my phone cause I barely ever play on my phone. I'd rather play an actual video game. Or even just work on my own projects including comics animations or even my own game to where at least I'm not going to swindle people into buying it and is an actual video game you'd play on a console...well if I had that power, if anything you'd just play it on steam when it's done lol but yeah I never cared for aps like this, too many in-game ads, too much of "well if you want to continue fork over 5$" The only app games I've palyed on my phone was Sega Sonic Runners for a bit and or Animal Crossing Pocket Camp until sadly they upgraded it to where I'd have to buy a 10x better phone and I'm not forking out hundreds of dollars just for an app game to play either.
1:20 actually no im getting ads that are in a different language preferebly hungrian
I'm curious about the apps that sneak in quick ads that install an app when you accidentally tap em. My little niece had banking and crypto apps on her tablet very likely caused by the terrible ads on children apps.
i still didnt reach any pink color although i downloaded a game and completed it :(
Ads man...the ads
I miss when mobile games good content in there ads 😭😭😭😭😭
B
Yeah I saw an ad with a beamng.drive clip from a youtuber that wasn't even theirs and I already knew that the actual game didnt have that kind of gameplay
Well no but accually yes
The thing is I get them on PC as well! I'm so god damn sick of the Hero Wars ones, it's so annoying!
I remember seeing an ad which stole from aphmau
i love how lilys garden has lore 😭
The ad are the reason why i am switching to emulator and also the game w/o ads
Apple theory
Ads be like:  My mom 😕😭😂 My dad 😳💩😎
Ok Misleading advertising aside, using assets from intellectual property you don't own to promote a product that does not contain that IS illegal, but it is on the owners of that property to pursue legal action in that case. So while the people using footage from banished might not be a target of the FTC the license holders/developers of banished can ABSOLUTELY go after them in court.
The best crossover n history never was smasg bros, it was that intro of that channel
What about the stealing footage from someone else like if someone stile PSO2 gameplay and said that it's their game even though it isn't
im sad because gardenscapes used to have legit adds
you forgot something and that is that no one takes a YouTube recording and puts it in the commercial without the youtuber knowing
Me: watching until 6:28 maybe Board kings: I make the real gameplay and hello
Yay you included the pixel 4 instead of a iPhone
"695? Hah! My mom reachen level 2396! And she only got these bad dreams once!"
These ads are the reason I use Youtube Vanced.
The worst ads is when you play a game you earn real money and that’s a scam
When I see a misleading ad, I just straight up throw my phone on the couch and say "Fake ad!" Mistake on my part Was supposed to say "Misleading ad" but the word didn't come to mind quickly. Me: **About to watch a kid video** Youtube: **Shows me a misleading ad that I can just recognise as plain straight up stupid advertisement** Me: **triggered**
The  freezing hot postsynaptically coach because structure postsynaptically guide an a dry suggestion. delightful, open meeting
nothing you do is illegal but i can see that you like fnaf a bit too much cause its necrophilia and pedophillia. tragic. and to think you have kid.
Moblie hame fake games is gay as heck
What's TBD?
Thank God someone talked about this
Away from the miss leading, there’re extremely inappropriate adds, if you know what i mean, I don’t understand why and how it keeps showing to me! I have the will to report on them but what about the children who are using youtube too? One time i was sitting with my nephew and then one of those “bad” ads showed up, i deleted youtube app from my little nephew’s ipad! Mr. Mat make a video about it pleeaase. Thank you.
They usually put more effort into the ad then the game itself anyway
Okay I'm hearing everyone talk about inappropriate but can we talk about the ad that is, "if you visit this website we give you $1000"
All i see is drugs aré bad adds I get the message is good infant amazing but it gets annoying
for what youre saing we they can be sued for use of unauthorized IP
Surprisingly half the reason I’ll download a game is because I’m mad that the ad can’t solve the puzzle and want to myself, so when I never get that puzzle or the game actually sucks, it’s really disappointing
That into was freaking spot on.  All the trailers are EXACTLY like that and the gameplay is always the same damn thing.
I report these ads on Facebook but they never go away. There has to be something more sinister behind all this. I hate capitalism.
Simple solution, find, arrest, execute, burry
The sparkling store technically rely because triangle concomitantly avoid in a glossy driving. tranquil, lowly bugle
The warrior scene with the cat background triggered my warrior cat instincts.
Hah my mom is level 4900
Meanwhile genshin impact the ad = the game.
Just had a mobile games ad while watching this
Yes, he is The Chosen One.
🤦🏾‍♂️ literally the same ad just popped up whiles I was doing this 😪 Why you doing this Matpat
Yes! Yes Yes Yes Yes!!!! I have gotten adds like these, and some of these exact adds especially those key puzzle games, and actually downloaded one of them, and wasted 1 full hour waiting to play one of those "mini games". Uninstalled, and 1 star review. Glad to hear there is actually a game that fulfills that, might check that out later.   GOOD JOB ON YOU MAT PAT AND THE TEAM FOR COVERING THIS!!!!!!!
I heard You say that dogs are stronger than cats Let me ask you a Question the cat is out in the w  life it will survive even if it was a house cat but  if a dog was a house and he was thrown out in the w it wouldn't survive
ads in 2010 : good game design  ads in 2021 : THAT ENOGH I HAD ABOUT THIS STUBID ADS  THE GOOVERMENT SHOUDH HAVE BANNED THEM ALL IN THE FIRST PLACE
I just got a garden scapes ad that showed the real game play as well as the cartoon part and couldn't help coming back here to let you know. Matpat I think they heard you and changed... 🙂
I play pixelgun 3d
I actually think a new load of mobile game ads came because of this video. I was asking my brother why I’ve been getting a lot more mobile ads recently (I watched a pewdiepie mobile ad video and thought that was why) and he said this video probably made people realize just how easy it is for these ads to slip by.
I actually got a STUUUUUUUUPID add before this video
Me, a 17 year old who remembers annotations: Welp, apparently I'm old now
POV:you came here to see all the creators of mobile game ads get arrested
While watching I ran into the same ads
Thats why I owned a PC...
The thing is I would actually play the ad game as a casual puzzler
Thar intro perfectly describes every time I try to buy a mobile game. This is why i have given up on the app store. I now watch this only for the hope the strange games my sister enjoys die. Like what is up with those “oddly satisfying games” or the kind of games in the thumbnail. I don’t like asmr or those weird games anyway but geez. It’s Weird! Like Starclan why.
Oh God game theory ur giving me the cringe feeling those ads r so cringe
Question why’d I get like 5-7 ads
I Actually saw that add on this video
Aren’t some of your thumb nails clickbait
I'm probably not the first grammar policeman here, but you misused the word persecuted.  What you meant was prosecuted.
There are a lot of ads in this video
Honestly The only thing I bought was gacha studio characters.... Worth it
Remember when there were actually good mobile games like pixel gun and lost within
I stopped getting these after this video
y donde esta la parte 13 de changed :C
I learned more about convergent evolution than ads
The boy on the thumbnail kinda looks like Lucas from Mother 3
I've been waiting forever for a video about this
5:23 There's a ripoff version of Fallout Shelter
Clash of clans is my favorite
Ok so I got a mobile game ad with the “mom vs dad” template and I watched the whole thing thinking it was part of the video
I got a ad that was for a fake tinder app and it showed (but censored) girls having a big ole sloppy and think to myself how the hell do these get pass the guidelines like WTF
Me: true  Mobile add on my screen: I can't go past pink color  Me: WTF
One thing that will never change on Mobile game Ads its always F#ck up cringe
One time I was watching this and mobile game ad popped up
Fun Fact: they made the misleading games illegal last week
How can we all put these ads back to its place
The amount of ads ive seen of people with a magnet going through womens clothes, is absoloutely disgusting. Therea children on this app and youtube itself dosnt care:|
Misleading Info In This Video "Banished Is A Relaxing Game". Someone Didn't Play Through Winter, Or Natural Distasters.
I got a mobile game add on this video
Thank you matpat, DESTROY THEM PRETEND ITS OUR CHILDHOOD!!! Thank you so much!!!
Not enough EPIC explosions
Where is the link to the epic app?
EPIC GAMERS
I was playing a mobile game and it sponsored its own game I was playing
13:10 game theory? More lime ad theory -_-
I love super mario 3D world!
Thank god i just get facebook ads
And now the are doing creepy pasta ads
the most annoying part is like just make that game I mean you already have the ad
EPIC
Sub to mh peely
Ppl say pc players smart and mobile players dumber but that NOT true DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM I CAN BEAT UP LIKE 1-2 PC PLAYERS WHEN IM TRYHARD MODE ON IPAD (mostly bc i played ipad since i knew pc’s/phones/tablets existed that maybe 6 years back) and im absolutely garbage at pc.       Edit: actually, i could do it even if the pc players at same lvl, but thats bc they have trash characters like spear guy from a game while im spirit archer which is op
I love this channel ! Finally someone that talks about it
I've played a mobile game before i think it's name Pizza boy (I said think because ı can't remember and i can't found 😅) anyway.
“Epic” ad is WAY better the “I found a game for buddies” with the stupid voice effects
Bro I almost didn't click your video because I've been trained to gloss over that kind of artwork 🤣🤣🤣
Lv 1 : gangsters Lv 30 : bosses Lv 100 : misleading adds
I've seen an ad where a YouTuber's own intro to her channel was used for the ad (not saying who the YouTuber is) but yea that is stealing, but I'll just say she's a minecraft YouTuber and here own intro was used for Minecraft mobile WHY?!
Great video as always Game Theory. After watching the video a wondered: Does app's or games like Solitaire Cube that claim you can earn money by simply playing or doing easy steps actually work? And if so, how?
I would honestly be more likely to get garden scapes and home scapes if they had told me what it was. Block breaking with building elements is one of my favorite things, but logic puzzles like the adds are my least favorite things to do.
Not me wasting probably more than 50 dollars on roblox by now
The worst thing is when there’s a fake x or “skip now” button
I’ve been waiting for someone to address this! 😭
Looks like I moved to UK now
yeah im from the uk and i still get they ads without the claim that all images do not match the game
GARDENSCAPES & HOMESCAPES!!! So annoying
all these mobile games originate from app developers in china, where there is no regulation with this type of thing.
Games lose people's respect the moment the marketing team decides to make those shtty ads.
Comparing evolution to adds marketing is very dumb and made my brian hurt.  When did mat became like this? That was so cringy
Ugh why do i always get this bad adds?
Why is it that the actual good games you don’t get ads like Minecraft I still hate these mobile games
Im watch this on mobile and just got on of those adds and my sister fell for it
bro 2021 ad be like: "OMG this game can make you rich 100% real", i know you are not talking about that but i just whana say it's like same thing like this tapes of videos
Matthew Patrick: the ads are not illegal since it's not serious matthew (me and yes my name is also Matthew): THEY STOLE YOUTUBE VIDEOS THAT'S COPYRIGHT
Thiise ads male me think of suicide
EPIC VIDEO
You know that some add are stealing other art too
I love this Channel.
My mom plays the games and has reached level 3300 and says she gets them a lot
Epic
Same concept as speeding or using illegal drugs there are just too many people to deal with for the cops to catch them all compared to murder or other violent crimes much less hold in jail
*_why does the beginning sound like a tumblr post_*
Ad: GEICO but Tetris form Me: Of course.
Thank you for doing a video about this
There is only 1 game that u can de prettymuch eneything
EPIC  Coming to a store near you
*I litterally seen only one puzzle game ad that is good and doesn't lie about how they game is..* *It was hero rescue*
i once saw a game ad that was stolen from a "only one block" challenge minecraft video on youtube, the game was just custom maps for minecraft poket edition
Did you know that “Rob Master 3D” has an ad about using a diamond tester on DaBaby’s “ice?”
Power Players you mean the whales?
While watching this video i think i got a scam ad
You need to look at the slice it all ads. They used an ad person from helix jump and they don’t even hide it
Oh boy I have seen these ads before  I have saw one titled:AD ONS FOR MCPE AND THE LITERAL AD WAS A PERSON MAKING A NATHER PORTAL
My mom is on level 3658 on Gardenscapes but she has not gotten a single minigame
Cuz that’s how mafia works
I got an ad for LinkedIn while watching this video as if YouTube is trying to tell me to get a job instead of watching this video😥😥😥
A great example of a fake advert is a game called rise of empires: ice and fire. Their adverts are literally gameplay taken from age of empires 2, a 90s game i used to love
Marketing in general is one of the most fickle things, I remember this comedian talking about marketing and showed this ad of a phone and the time on the phone was 10:08 and if you see any mobile ads you will see that is the common time, and the reason is because in marketing if there was ever a clock in the ad with two hands, if the time was at 10:08 then the hands made a smiley face and made people happy. It's about weird signals our brain receives and make us become interested in an image, just look at a lot of youtubers that do daily content in a game like Fortnite or something, the thumbnail has bright colours and bold letters which draws you in, the title of the video uses emojis and use of language that asks a question or a surprise to draw you in, it's all psyche bs and I hate that business and marketing ruin a lot of fun things. Also there is a twitch streamer I watch who plays Fifa Ultimate Team and during the "What If?" promo a few months back his title on his streams were always "What If... your Prime sub is available?" and his increase in twitch prime subs was like 150% or something crazy.
i see these ada too
3.01 master hand
Ok Life Lesson Learned:If You Want To Have What The Ad DOESNT Promise...Download It
I wonder if they decide to do something about it in America how that will affect the adds in other countries and the other way around
I commonly see ads that show that there's apparently porn in the videogame, never downloaded the thing but I think its obvious that there's none
So, like, what actually is the game play of New mobile game you can do whatever you want? Like, is it a puzzle game? An RPG... a JRPG?! What! I must download and play New mobile game you can do whatever you want and find out!!   Actually what is the probability that that name was the result of some peon at the bottom of the totem pole asking what title he was supposed to put on the new mobile game and his boss said you can do whatever you want and he just decided to be a sparky punk and just put literally what his boss said knowing that if anyone asked he could just tell them that is what his boss told him to name it! Lol!
Someone needs to go back in time at the doors of Google and tell them to ACTUALLY WORK
Dude it's all about the money      Nothing matters than money
4567 lvl 😂😂😂
The way that I thought I was the only one getting these ads
One of those adds played when I was watching this video.
I've seen my wife playing that Homescapes game.  Just asked her about it.  She is on level 4,137(!) and said she played the advertised type game 10-12 times total
this video is EPIC, (insert EPIC explosions)
The one that got me was the mafia game ad on Instagram then it was a city game instead of what it showed as the ad which was actual good combat and it looked kinda like the combat one in this vid lol
Yes.
1:13 I'm glad I'm not the only one that gets these ads every day
WHY DOES THIS KIND OF ADS EXIST 😡 I WOULD KILL TO STOP THIS
Yeahh, Game theory!
That was a very interesting video. So interesting I managed to cope with the annoying voice put on for the video.
Hey what about the fact that time is money and although they didn't scam us money they did scam us of our time. Also what about the games that promise to pay but are a complete hoax?
In Germany there is even a company that sells fake ratings for dating sites that uses fake accounts.
God I'm glad someone finally said something about those stupid ads,, of the several games I play (that I know run regular ads), only ONE runs ads that are truthful to gameplay,,,, yikes
You also need to think when you see an “epically rendered 3D game with shading so detailed that it is like real life” there is no way even an IPhone 12 or S20 can handle all that
7:05 he gave better advice for growing your channel than the videos youtubers make to teach you how to grow your channel
I know what the 2 green bars in the 0:52 screenshot mean: Game Theory (top left) and GTLive (bottom right).
In so glad we had better games in 2016 like, talking angela , tom , tom and friends , subway surfers , tom and friends ect.  Then now  OmG I cAnT ReaCh PinK   I FouNd a GaMes FoR BuddIeS
Omg annotations thrown right back
Just got the EPIC ad before watching this video lmao
God I hatr aids
it would be less effort to make the simple logic games, clearly they think ppl want them so why is there just one?
Yeah i saw this game "Minicraft 2020" On the add it was Minecraft But the Game. Its a crappy version of Minecraft
I DELET games with ads and I d have a pc
She’s only on level 965? Amateur. My mom is on 6000 something level. For real. Not kidding
11:37 wait a second... doesn’t glasses actually „cure“/fix blindness in some way by enabling the user to see clearer? That’s an interesting thought to follow haha
I once played a mobile game, which was called "Hogwarts mystery" the ad was nice and i startet playing. I Soon realiest that the Player Had an Energy bar, which you get an Energie from every 4 minutes. It's a Story Game, and all you do is Tap in the Screen to Spend energy. You can Play the game without Spend Money, but for one tenth of a Side Quest you need to be online for 8 hours straight. The game was made to Spend Money in it. The Story is Bad and you can't Play it with fun. That drived me crazy. A Youtuber i watch often Spend i Think 2000€ in that Game ... In one month. (Sorry for my bad english)
While the among us was at it's peak, every Game ad Had among us people in it. Of course the real game hadn't and because I suspected that i wasn't one of the persons who fell in the Trap. I don't think that saying Something different in the ad makes the game get better Reviews, but the ad is more clicked and the ad Producer gets more money. I hate that.
Yay I'm smart
evolution isn't real
They have very sexual adds all over YouTube that breaks normal YouTube guidelines ✋🏻
i literally stopped using the youtube app because of all the triggering sexual assault promoting ads
Speaking of mobile game ads, if you have Android, download YouTube Vanced, no more ads.
This is why I only ever play things like Roblox, Minecraft, and Genshin Impact. All comepletely legit games bc all of this stuff has literally killed my storage and I’m still in the process of deleting everything. Never again.
And then everyone moved to the UK
my dad enjoys homescapes
epic ville? more like ad ville
Do you know what really is epic, that intro
If the FTC doesnt get them, copyright law will.
ROFL good luck proving you got coronavirus because of a faulty mask and not because you touched something or someone else touched or coughed on you. Just saying.
Its funny that they did these ads for so long and not bother making a good quality game based on those ads i mean like those gaming companies have good ideas but they just slapped it as a terrible presentation and make it half @$$ed instead of getting editor's choice for their hypothetically trending game
0:05  Epic epic epic epic E P I C
Omg the beginning... it’s so true
I love that lil loser joke in the opening reminds me of that episode of Rick and Morty
I’m going to admit to something, I watch a lot of his videos twice,  the first time I take a little nap, and the second time I actually watch it.     Matpat apparently has a really soothing voice...
I'm looking at you "Kiss of War"!
see that subscribe button over there, EPIC!!!
Please do a bioshock theory
I like when he said “ e p I c “
I wish I could let Hero-Wars know that the only reason the red/blue version of their ads might only perform better than the ones with the usual Hero of Bullshittery is that it seems distanced from their own brand.
This is actually why I don't play mobile games.
2:26 random part
Red - film theories Yellow- food theories  Green - game theories  What about the other quarter
There's this one racing game that I've played before and actually really liked  but the I've been getting ads from them lately that are straight up forza game play footage
what happens if human unlocked their full potential
Matt: these ads are misleadi-  The add i got: *shut* can you win the gold?
AB testing + gradient descent = pog
Ngl that intro was EPIC
go to the link
Funny thing I got one of these ads when watching this vid
In mobile legend bang bang ad, the red giant titan questioned the mirror on who is the most gorgeous of all and mirror show the face of a another character and the red giant titan quickly stepped on the mirror over and over but on the actual game itself don't even have that feature, its clear that the game don't have any new features so they put on some other ideas so the audience think that the game is good enough and when they try it themselves, they quickly realized that the ads brain washed them.
can someone please PLEASE tell me if “new mobile game you can do whatever you want” is a real game 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I got a fake add just now about not getting burned by lava while u were talking about it lol
An ad literally came when u talk I was like Bruh 😑😑😑😑
Did anyone else get one of these ads while whatching?
1:12 - which ad is this? never seen that one lol
My mom who has reached level 5054 and has seen the minigames many a time
I thought they got banned for being missleading but I saw one the other day. How are they still around??
What’s also annoying is their reviews get bolstered by people rating to advertise something else!
Same for my sis
guys had you had one ad in youtube like world of war tanks that points the arrow to the play now
You know what I'm downloading epic
3:22 Wait that's a japanese anime,manga,live novel title?
call ad police
It's all these fake ads that show that the human brain is run almost entirely by money and/or that all of these mobile game companys are stupid
I got one of these ads while trying to watch this lol
I still remember the ones that looked like they were just a bootleg Cyanide and Happiness game.
3:05 cuz almost nobody has the authority lol
I know it's only a small thing, but when I get ads in my game that have that "only 5% can solve this" or other BS like that, I've started to report them as offensive.
I just god an ad for gardenscapes lmao
I thought these kinds of ads were banned by the UK Advertising Standards Agency?
7:23 Are they tho? 😂😂 My cats sometimes slap my dog "for no reason" and then my dog just looks sad😂😂😂 "For no reason" because my dog keeps chasing after them for fun, so yeah, they do have a reason
Mobile game ads: The Original Clickbait
i got that dragons awakaning ad as my first ad on the video LOOooolL
You are lucky in Egypt garden + home scapes aren't banned
of course all mobile games are illegal why are you making a video about it
False advertisement
Ahh those mobile games: Advertising as a hit commercial title to lure in players, then they put the following: pay $99 to buy 99 paid in game money: in game store that charges those particular coins: items for 3,000, 5,000, and 10,000. And no you can't earn said coins in game.
Myself found out that ads, fake or not, makes me angry cuz they're time consuming
MY FAVORİTE GAME İS GARDEN SCAPE AND FNAF GAMES
What i also hate is the afk arena add where they claim „afk arena leaves the boring part of gaming out and just gives you the fun part“  Like really, how degenerated are these companies that they thing anything called a game normally has a „boring part“ like it’s a Game, why would anyone actively want something that has a boring part.  The companies purposefully put boring parts in there to make you pay money to skip them, and now they are pretending like it’s this revolutionary new idea to have a games that isn’t full of boring parts.
I seen an ad for a game where u jump of ramps in cars but the ad was gta5
i this not illegal because of copyrigt
It's kind of funny when one of the most bearable mobile game ads of 2021 is League of Legends, let that sink in.
In the middle of the video on my iPad I had a add for lever pull gardenscapes
I saw a video with this mmorpg that looked amazing showed great customization so what I got was three hairstyles and no hair option colors and only 6 eye colors I was upset
They also steal other peoples content for example ive seen pokemon ones that obviously arent official and then i saw one that just showed a pixelmon animation made by craft battle duty aka lachlan years back to try and sell their game.
Im from the uk
Ok Now I know that he is a fan of bfb
technically he has already guessed his fourth channel:       the galaxy theorists
My mom plays garden scapes I think the level she's on is in the 2000.
Matpat you should make a mobile game with lots of lore to games like fnaf and bendy and more....
FINALLY
Do you like MrBeast?
this is how i got sucked into playing project makeover. it was a puzzle match game that i thought let me create outfits. i’m on level 530 oops
You keep using that word....
The games without ads witch you find by axident are better cause you don't have expectation what theres gonna be so you will not be dissapointed 💟
It's f*cking annoying When I'm reviewing about my subject by searching on the phone. And they just pop out for no reason. And they even show a girl removing It's clothes. GRRRRRRRRRRR.
Genshin Impact: ...imbeciles.
I used to love a game called lifeafter I can't download it and i watch a lifeafter gameplay in YouTube now i noticed that it's different than the ad I'm sure it's true
Save the baby? Why the heck is a baby on fire??!?!?!! Lol
Imagine a bad game like a pull the key that has an ad of pull the key..
Why are ads sooo.... Bad.. I can watch an angry birds ad 1000000000 times and I'm sure you can do it also.. I think... Angry birds was so great.. I'll download now
They didnt used to exist. I am level like 1665 in gardenscapes, the second one. So 3+ years ago, it didnt have the minigame element, AT ALL!  It didnt have that element even after it started advertising it as such. Just so you know
Yeah, and in games there are *Sexual ads,* I hate it so bad, please help make it *STOP*
3:41 yes
11:16 The fact that the fake profile is Markiplier is awesome.
Ay, mat, think you could cover risk of rain 2? It has amazing gameplay, and even better lore! I’d like to see you take up this challenge, not to mention try the game!
I one time got an ad that used a remix of a Dan Bull rap for a Minecraft Mod app I haven't seen in a few years... Like bruh
It’s like the video game crash of the 80’s, but without the crash.
First a movie now a legion of mobile games
EXCUSE USE ME BUT DID YOU JUST ROAST GARDENSCAPES
Everyone just gonna ignore the lazy game production and good enough game production
Can they not spare *1* person, to get this sorted out, *just one*?
Thankfully it's 2021 and we have Genshin Impact.
I saw a mobile add called slice it up I think they used a add from helix jump and didn’t even bother try hiding it
That plagiarizing a game taking stuff to make it your own
The science of creationism, which actually sits more sound in what we see in nature, also hits on why birds and bats can have wings that function similarly. Just saying...
By trying to advertise its way to me they have insulted my intelligence and therefore have earned a sound beating
This is not convergent evolution lol. The whole point of convergent evolution is that different things that don't come in contact with eachother evolve similarly.  These companies do interact with eachother and litterally copy eachother through the internet.  That being said, good someone covered this
Why don’t game devs just have a video of someone ACTUALLY PLAYING THE GAME, YOU DONT HAVE TO SPEND TIME MAKING A STUPID ANIMATION
This reminds me of the Green Mask Stick ads 😂
Rise of kingdoms seems to be the new flavour of ads now with awful actors and unrealistic game presentation
Fun fact: The best mobile games don't have ads
A/B-Tests will actually are part of my job education as they are very useful for usability and user experience.
The only thing worse than these extremely stupid ads like: "That's how Mafia works" is the fact that some channels on YT are littered with answering *** bots. I have seen them on 3 channels now and once one is deleted, it immediately comes back as another account.
So,Its just a matter of "Not to important for me"Really? ?
Why are scamers or dumb game ads are very coming on android
So long story short it 100% is illegal but our legal system is either to lazy to act or to incompetent to act, great just throw out the legal system and start again fresh at this point
Ima hide in the side now in shame 🙁
How come i never got notified for this.. ITS BEEN 4 WEEKS  Edit; i was unsubbed.. HOW I THOUGHT IT WAS FAKE  Edit 2: ive been unsubbed for a 2 months... damn youtube why you do this to me im going to check my fav channels now.
when a 'mobile trucking game' shows BeamNG.drive
bon appetit
Hero Wars looked like a fun puzzle game, and turned out to be a lame RPG that practically plays itself. Played it on Facebook but deleted it from my app list almost immediately. I still want to play a puzzle game like that. It wasn't just key puzzles but also connecting things puzzles and a few others I wish was the actual game. Now they have one with fantasy characters on the beach that is even less like the actual game. Those jerks.
BowMasters has 1 game mode and they say they have like 20
Me who playing Minecraft
the worst part is i accidentally click the game ad when trying to press the X
Not even to mention the inappropriate, sexual, and explicit adds on games targeted towards KIDS
I totally remember annotations
Okay that's it, which one of you DOESNT pay for YouTube premi??
I like how this video is sponsored by the same type of ads
I saw an ad that looked like one of those Atari games where you shoot things to blow them up. It was one of those ads where you 'play' it. The thing that made me rage was that when I beat it, it kept playing the ring from Super Mario when you beat a level.
Today I learned that whales are really, really stupid. Wealthy people (or sometimes not even that) but stupid. To no surprise at all...
Im so sad that my dad was bummed out that his game wasn't as good as he saw 😢😢😢😢😢😭😭😭
My dad legit plays homescapes {level 3251}     0 money spent
I beg you to investigate the app Quidd -- there are years of evidence of odds manipulation and shady business practices. Put that scumbag CEO on blast!!
Yea, there's an ad that literally stole the among us idea, and also took a animation from a user called "Flash in Rahul"
Yes it shoud be illegal. They should be killed. Pubiclly
I have not seen a ad for a long time because i have youtube primeum You know what i mean
im just hopping we get past the stupid pull the key ads and other ads that clearly try to trick you into clickin by saying somthing like 'i tried so manny times and i cant do it" when infact the answer and means to beat that is so clear as day that it dosnt even seem worth clicking/taping on like common the one asumption i feel shoudl be mandated is that they dont treat ppl like they just fall for every trick in the book  but instead atleast treat ppl as if they know what there doing  because im so tired of the dam key pull ads and how they say somthings tottly impossible when clearly the soulution is clear as day
They need to do something about this. It has been for years now and is still sooo anoying
Game Ads: “No one can beat this! It’s soooo hard!” Me: *downloads and beats it in 0.5 seconds*
I honestly thought the beginning was a raid sponsor
These ads are just getting worse, now their using these little red guys  (I’m pretty sure you’ve seen them before) and just spamming as much games as possible using them, they have No details or anything. Me personally I Hate them because it really shows you how little YouTube and game company’s care about us.
The thing is if those ads where you try to get the gold were actually in the game and they played a level that was in the game, it would be impossible to beat it because they made it impossible for the ad
what's up guys this game is SOOO gOOoud oMg how is dat bird frying this is so unbelievable
as a marketer the best joke/truth about the industry is: Half the money [spent] on advertising is wasted; the trouble is [we] don't know which half
1:32
I remember annotations
I agree mate but I love watching the cringe
If you _want_ to play games where you pull the pin (or key), search the app store for "pull pin game", and there's a whole bunch of them.  And yes, they are full of ads (or you can pay to get rid of the ads), but I spent a few weeks playing a couple of those, and they were fun until I got bored with them.
i ❤️ among US
Fun fact: ads give them revenue, so ad-filled games that have misleading ads are illegal
Just call it feet simulator
Finally, so it’s hero rescue.
*Only 0.01% can reach the pink!*  *MOM vs. DAD* *Can you reach pink level?*
Then he was shadowbanned, the end
That's how mafia works.
Mafia city is still out there...
"MY FADHER İS THE CHEİF OF TH E NEVY"
Capitalism breeds innovation
Only 1% of moms and dads can build their empire up to mafia LV 99 and solve the treasure! --> kill them --> marry them
I respect how he legit says that he tells his secrets to get you to click on it.
Theres only a few games I play
I hear you on the misleading adds not actually requiring money or causing a health concern, but if they are stealing IP from another company, they should be under pretty big trouble for that theft.
A lot of this footage contains things from scribblenauts.
as watching I got adds for a pretty much copy paste of among us
I remember when angry birds and Pvz where trending
Me seeing games that include Good CGI: meh ima give it a try Reality: I know how the virtual universe work lol
Dads in mobile game ads: ThIs GaMe Is So HaRd (has to literally swipe left to win) My dad: *Bro son, you reached the final boss?* *Hand over the controller*
Imagine what the President could have accomplished with 81 million dollars if he hadn't spent it all on screaming angry words on facebook.  Absolutely solid investment in our country's future gotta say...  On a less political note, most of these games can also skirt around legality just from the sole fact that what they advertise does happen even if it only happens 1% of the time.  It doesn't matter that those mini games rarely appear, what matters is they do.  Pure soulless capitalism at its finest.
I hate adds! Thx I like you
0:46  So nobody gon talk about springtrap- 😂😂
Ads? What are those?
Short answer always cuz money
Just to think that these mobile apps are cringy now , im sad about the good mobile app back in 2012 like Hungry Sharks , Ninja Fruit  , and others
But what about intellectual property? I mean they steal other's gameplay without credit that has to be illegal no?
You lost the opportunity to be sponsored by RAID: Shadow Legends
People who make these ads should just get a real job instead
ads are sick I once got an ad about a VPN with an age slider
At least some mobile games show accurate adds. One example is War Robots. Back when I saw adds of it, they were accurate. They just didn't use actual gameplay. I have to agree that some adds are trash though.
I use AdGuard to block all of those stupid Ads
was that LOSER thing from ram
I'm glad to say I don't play mobile games
I got 2 cringe mobile game ads when I clicked on this video
I literally got one of these ads on this video
I finished gardenscapes and its around 8k levels and NEVER played a mini game.
me using youtube vanced on my phone: ads? what is that?
Remember when mobile game ads were actually truthful? Yeah, same here.
You got something wrong they are not hunting the power player they hunt kids yup they make the ad so simple so kids think hey this is easy so they download it and they tell them to make the game more easy buy things. Thanks if you read it
Has anyone seen these ads where it shows Jin Kazama in samurai armor?
lol my mom is on lvl 4584.
I once saw an ad for a mobile game that blatantly ripped off Age of Empires and was like, “how hasn’t Microsoft DMCAed the hell out of them?”
3:14                *E* *X* *A* *C* *T* *L* *Y*  I remember I saw an ad from a game made in China, and they used the trailer for fall guys, even the main character looked like a baseball version of a Fall guy character
I'd love them to go after just one of them to make it stop
I hate when they use one of my favorite games for their ads; command and conquer
half way through this ibgot one of these ads pop up  the algorithm knows o.0
When he was talking about the mobile version of YouTube at the start I actually tryed to skip
Is there anything that adds do is cannabis illegal that you forgot to mention will you add in a conscience you to put your finger on the screen shellder and afterwards second time it takes you to the app store to buy the app and I think it's pretty well for this to happen but some as the still different complete pictures of what is going to happen in the game
Tbh what I don’t get is why some of them don’t show ACTUAL gameplay, like homescapes and gardenscapes are pretty fun/good match 3 games, no need to try and advertise as something else
Angry birds do angry birds do angry birds do angry birds do angry birds
I don't care if they're illegal, no one is taking my Kairosoft games from me! I'll fight to the end!  (On a side note: The ads for Gardenscapes are horrible and evil, but the game Gardenscapes is actually pretty good.)
Ironically I got one of those add while watching this video.
This is not a game theory
Years ago, I downloaded Gardenscape, only to delete it after a few days when I realized it was just candy crush. When I saw those recent adds, I thought to myself, finally, the creators stepped away from the candy crush model and tried to incorporate different types of puzzles in their games. Looks like it was a good thing I didn't give that game another try, or I would've been so angry!
Can they copyright claim their stolen trailer?
I have among us plush
Me a remember them even though I’m in younger generation
I saw one of the dumb mobile add before this ✨😞✊🏻✨ it was so dumb
Can we get some danganronpa theory’s in the future?
YouTube premium i see,sneeky move you have there
Gardenscapes is animal crossing but with ads
7:23 FIGHT ME
I used to play Garden Escape back in 2017 when it wasnt abusing ads like that
why did no one point out that matPat did a Rick&morty refrence
I've been wondering if these fake mobile ads are legal for like two years
1:22  this one is real those are bonus legends
11:20 I have canceled my tinder gold subscription 3 times. Every time I have canceled it, shortly after I do so, I suspiciously get a like, which of course goes nowhere
The thing is, I got a bs ad on this, on a game that was literally nothing to do with the actual game, which I knew because had been scammed into buying from ANOTHER bs ad!
98% of ads of apps I skip very little i download and then later, I don’t spend 1 cent in the game and I delete it
I got a addicted to a game and every time I download a app and get bored a Boom! It’s gets deleted
They make us dream about GTA and give us candy crush
0:41 it’s garden scapes!!! Good game :) but not Epic 🤣 it’s really chill and calming 🤣 and yes whenever I see the adds I get so mad compared to the actual game.
6:15 this is game theory not biology theory
I wish they had a remove ads button at the settings because the ads are bugging me in my gameplay and i hate ADS.
No no their not
Damn I thought these were actual ads I tried to skip
What would fix this is developer gets banned if they false advertise. Sure, they could try to rebrand, but that eats up money, so they could maybe do it once but if they immediately repost the game and still use the fake ad they would have to rebrand again, and with months of no revenue since their game is down it would destroy them. After one company is destroyed due to false ads the rest will straighten up out of fear.
Not the kittys!
Also dogs are not stronger than cats because my cat fought off a greyhound
Yo matpat please do a video on the banning of loot boxes being banned in Brazil
Me seeing the high heals ad is really cringe
One of the most heartbreaking thing is when your favorite game franchise turns into a mobile game
Mobile games are so bad
I'm at level 1,650 about except I updated it and it stoped opening
they do this in the netherlands aswell but actually is illegal here
Cats are better than dogs.
12:42 shouldn’t that be prosecuted
Its my hope that this video will spark a change in this exact advertisement problem
I think the real question is "if you know what people want to download, why not MAKE THAT in the first place" .... 😐 I never understood it. The companies CLEARLY understand what people want to play. Why not just do make that game that you (successfully) advertise for? I have NO idea ......
The ads for Top War should be illegal.
EPIC😏
The beginning is so true
10:41 I think Steph and mat made that game together in high school . I remember them talking about that.
This is why I don't download games I see on ads
4:56 doesn't TVD mean the Vampire Diaries
Thank you matpat. I will now @ the FTC whenever I see an illegal game as on Instagram or any other social media site.
3:40 I love you
my grandmother is on a level over 2000/3000 and the minigames only stoped on a level lower than 100 😒😒
Whats funny for me there was a idle mobile  game i liked because it had nice art then 3 or so months later its ads where super fake or stolen so I quit playing  it before they got money from me.
Supersonic studios is the worst. They take the games and give less than 10% of the money they make to the game devs. They also have immense ads that the devs have to pay.
If you use fake X  buttons youll be hated that you will be assassinated.
When I clicked on this one of these ads popped up....I do hate em
dam redbull been real quiet since thos came out "Redbull gives you wings" 😳😆🤣
What if Rosalina and monica (dokie doki literature club) are in the same universe (in the end of dokie doki literature club)
I remember that one ads used MoW:AS While i playing the game
"I tried 9999 times and I can't reach level 2 😭😣😞" - terrible mobile game ads
Just realized the FTC shield looks like a face.
Banished is cool.
Nobody is born cool exept of course  People who use playable ads for advertising there game
0:00 to 0:34 perfect summary for Genshin Impact
They also take advantage of... horniness cause they have ads that have... things in it so kids would download it and realise it isnt that
I was literally trying to click skip ad when he was showing the ads
Plants vs Zombies Angry Birds Fruit Ninja Bad Piggies Clash of Clans Yeah, I miss the golden era of mobile games.
That happened to me
EPIC STICK😄
I want to say nice job for using a Google Pixel instead of the standard iPhone like everyone else.
little known fact: the ads for gardenscapes and homescapes are only slightly misleading, although they dont show the main part of the game, what is being shown in the ads are actually just the bonus games. but then you have lily's garden and all that is misleading bs edit: yeah nevermind right after posting this comment i resumed the video and then he said exactly what i said
Those ads are so annoying! I have wondered this before.  As the most minor of notes, I think that at 12:42, the word should have been "prosecuted" rather than "persecuted". I suppose a crime could be harassed or punished in a manner designed to injure, grieve, or afflict, but I would think it more likely that the crime should have legal action brought against for redress or punishment for violation of the law.
For anyone looking for those simple puzzle "pull the key" games, I've found one legitimate one that (to my memory) isn't bogged down with a ton of ads. It's called How To Loot. It has a silly story that goes along with it, but it's basically what all those other ads promised.
Mobile gaming...is a bad joke. And the ads for mobile games are absolutely SHAMELESS. I haven't had ads for years on anything: YouTube, Twitch or Spotify. And I don't plan to. Because ads are straight up gross. At least TV ads are funny, memorable or have a catch jingle. Digital ads are actually manipulative and immoral.
Am I the only one who remembers games like where's my water or cut the rope which legit offered some good puzzles
Bruh as I click this video I get one these game ads 😂
There are actually two types of ads I really, REALLY hate. Sometimes I'll get ads for like, A Minecraft mod manager and it LITERALLY uses someone else's animation WITHOUT PERMISSION! The other type of app are the ones that literally add hacks and cheats into mobile games. There was a mobile app that existed for a while that added hacks into PUBG mobile. As far as I'm aware it no longer works, which is good, but how this stuff even got approved, Idk.
Yeah, right. Next your gonna say how there's not hot singles in my area?
Moonton and their Mobile Legends ads are basically shitposts at this point
Great edutainment you guys.
Davie504: Approve
Gosh I really thought it was a real ad
Yeah, games could use fake ads that are different, and they use game ads and use ads from games that don't exist...
The funny thing is, The A/B tests are rigged because they make you click forcefully
Hey Matt have you already started achievement hunting in Banished. Some of the population management might be Theory worthy, especially the low population low technology for 100 years one. Since you know, small gene-pool.
It's already illegal in France, but not enforced...
There are to many adverts that I would call false advertisement so hard I start to recognize what’s actually being reused
Anyone seen those "Lords Mobile" ads, which say you can draw a whole army with your finger, and when you play it, its just a Clash of Clans ripoff.
Call them scamming
W. D. Gaster is the  Father of  Both sans and papyrus
god, I remember the super amazing end card tournaments.  they were so cool :c
I hate those ads.
Sometimes games have so many adds but I enjoy the game so I have to pay for no adds lol it doesn’t work
Those logic game ads interested me at first, until I realized it was all bs. But I did find 2 games that are somewhat entertaining. One is just called Pull The Pin. It's not anything fancy, but it's nice to pass the time. And the other is called Water Connect Puzzle. This one starts off super easy, but it does get more difficult and I play it more often. Just an FYI for anyone out there who might be interested 🤷‍♀️
Ahhh perfect just got a gingerbread man fighting villains with his army of gingerbread men as an MOBILE AD oh and I forgot it Had EPIC MUSIC TOO 🔥
This is how many times he said EPIC
EPIC
The footage of other games have to be copyright violations, though. Right? I'm almost certain fair use doesn't cover advertisements that could be construed as leading people away from the original product.
DHMK JLDN:JK:S I GOT THE GUY IN THE SHOWER AD BEFORE THIS VIIIDDD
What the hell i have premium and still see ads
When I was watching this I literally got one of those ads 😂
Ads back then: angry birds,  plants vs zombies,  minecraft. Ads now: pls download my game its 100% same as the ad
Pov you got one of those adds while you were watching this
11:19 Ah yes, Oliver Stevens, that one American YouTuber of Korean descent that likes wearing a pink mustache and has a Portuguese editor named Lixian. He's my favorite.
I love how I got one of these adds while watching this video
I would love if you could talk about all the sexual ads it's so     Anoyning that people do that
“Ruining your childhood since 2011” I was born in 2011, they really making sure my life is ruined doe
Just got a misleading ad of a mobile game while watching the video talking about these misleading ads.
my boy DG would call these "badada"
When they put more effort into the ads then the actual game
How does google even let them make does games and be put in google apps
I have my own rule that if the ad in anyway treats their targeted consumer like they're absolutely stupid, or that other people are stupid, I will not download it, ever.
Ok, all of these suck... but Lilly’s Garden needs to have its own TV show. I wanna live to see that 🙏
mat pat how you feel your game theory channel has more subs than your movie theory channel
My cats mad at you 2:24
Go to the games files delete the ad done bigger.   X.    In the ad
*me watching Unus Annus* Youtube: "This channel is only available on YouTube Kids" Also Youtube: *gives me an EXTREMELY suggestive ad while I watch a video about anti-bullying*
I said this was illegal months ago but nobody else cared. Matpat you have seen the false advertising!! Thank you for this!
🫀
What if somebody founded an organisation which promotes the minority of mobile games which are actually half decent, maybe through an app store which only allows mobile games which meet a certain level of quality to be available on its platform.
This is literally the only video on mobile games I have ever watched on YouTube, but the vast majority of ads I have watched are about mobile games. YOUTUBE EXPLAIN!
🔴: A flipping Flamethrower  🔵:Actual tools   People in ads trying to fix a toilet: The fastest 🔴 in the west
Power players is another word for idiots
They are pretty much memes now so people kinda stopped caring
Vodoo games: Am I a joke to you?
Coolest part of this episode is to be interrupted with advertising for the kind of game this episode is talking about
Only 0.000000001% can solve this and find the one  17
How do they not get sued for copyright claims by stealing clips from other game advertisements?
Why are there stuff in village chests that villagers dont use in Minecraft? Can that be covered??
once watching on mobile a found an ad for a game "fish.io" with an ad from a youtuber's video who had 5 mil subs (in russia). The game in his video was "Feed and Grow fish". WHICH WAS EXACTLY NOT THE SAME AS THE GAME FISH.IO ITSELF
Only good ads are lily's garden
the worst type of ads are the sexual ones
I feel like this is just like the Burger King king of stream deal. where we can’t use legal action but we can shame and report so these thing don’t reappear
I saw all of these
The roasts there too good.
Isn't misleading advertisement illegal?
I just got the gay version of the mafia city ad before this video
Me waiting for the skip button
Game company's have been do this for year's with the small text "Not actual game footage"...  🙄
plot twist: this is an ad
I play Homescapes too! ALYSSABECRAZY what is your level? I'm on level 579 and just finished the living room =D  Edit: Just watched the next ten seconds... =D
7:07 stop making me feel old already dammit Seeing your intro telling me that it's been 10 years is already killing me
I play gardenscapes I'm on level 2775 and I got to play 1 of these minigames.  To be fair the timeline of me playing this game was: I started playing after I saw an ad with the actual gameplay. they stared making these weird ads people complained  they added the minigames   but still them starting these ads was like 1000 levels ago
Also those mc ads. I got one watching a mumbo jumbo video and it was literally the same vid I was watching
AD: OMg tHIs IS SO AwESOme I CAnT ReACh                     pINk
A lot of people do install them while many people do know they are fake, first they just misleading not inappropriate but now to get children's attention some developers use inappropriate content in the ads like that game called idk erase one part? It is full of ads where a magnifying glass is used on a woman and it sees through her dresses... Making children and some others into downloading it (I didn't download it the reviews are all it is)... I remember days when there was peace only NOT misleading games like minecraft, angry birds, candy crush, and others.. Not fcking scaps or whatever
At least township had minigame like it's promised
We actually need more people to talk about this because it's really annoying like super annoying
Epic
Youtube has been quiet since this video get uploaded
I looked up the app he shows and it said bingo clash lol
I got an add for fortnite but it was for mobile and from a year ago. Completely fake
What I hate most about this whole thing is that they are literally ILLEGAL and they aren't getting punished for it!
E P I C
Worst thing is, what do they get from you downloading the app just to uninstall it a minute after, or even making you go to the app store just to quickly get out of it? I know they aim for a targeted audience, but those little "X" to close the ad make no sense to me!
Finally someone talking about these ads!
That’s how Matpia works
12:42 Prosecuted. You're welcome.
Yes
Those game developers watching this: 😳
11:17 your match is @Markiplier
You are really the best, MatPat! I just found your channel(s) a couple months ago, but your comment is fantastic and who you've shown yourself to be is exactly the kind of person this internet age needs. Just wanted to let you know that I seriously appreciate your content!!
The weirdest part to me is that while Gardenscapes and Homescapes are one of the biggest offenders when it comes to these ads, they're actually pretty enjoyable puzzle games (at least when I played them a few years ago lol) not sure why they felt the need to make horrible clickbait ads when the games are solid.
Bruh every mf time I get a mobile game it’s literally just candy crush
I hate the poker game ad where the ad is gameplay from rdr2
The sad thing (with Gardenscapes at least) is that the ads used to be very accurate. Then all these logic puzzle ads came along and things got stupid real quick.
When i play a different game an ad pop up the name was title hops it says noob vs pro i doland it but almost perfect but a bit different
E
Started playing the game GardenScapes well before they added the mini-games and started seeing the ads. I remember seeing the ads and thinking, this isn’t in the game. Recently came across a couple of the mini-games. Started playing another game that showed some of the same style of game as well, and when you reach a certain level you see those style of mini-game and there are other mini-games in that game as well. Shouldn’t be too hard to show players what they will actually be playing.
7:25 i just checked the description for something but nothing is there
Dude my mom AND my dad both have homescapes and gardenscapes.. like bruh
YT doesn't have an AI to check the content of an Ad.
HAH. HAH. 965? MY MOM IS OVER LEVEL 2000 ON HOMESCAPES!       weird flex but okay
Anyone else got a mobile game add during this video
The reason I went to youtube premium was to avoid these ads. Thank you GT for a video exclusively about the ads I dont want to see 🙃
Sitting here patiently for the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT.....  😥
How long has he used that same stock picture in his videos... I’m talking about the one at the start of the vid
They don’t care, as long as they are legally allowed to make misleading ads with smaller-than-the-pixels-on-your-phone text saying the game isn’t what the ad says it is, they won’t make a good mobile game.
i always turn off my internet to play most mobile games.
If your a simp get out “TCVH” “TCH” days later... me: if your a add GO TO HELL “TCVH” “TCH”
The start of the video is practically Zelda BOTW on your phone
they should make their fourth channel conspiracy theory coloured blue
Congrats on 14 mil mat pat
I played gardenscapes, was good, got hard, stopped, saw ads, and went "they changed the game??????" downloaded, and was like "i knew it"
I work for a game company that makes mobile ports of our games (we make digital board game adaptations) and these companies give us a terrible name. It’s frustrating.
Do you know roblox it does real ads
Watch 200000000000000 ads to receive 1.2 gems
Pull the key and I'll send you to the hellish part of the playstore
--sees BFB reference--
Alyssa is weak My Mum Is On Level 3657
Yeah I get that from the FTC standpoint its small fry, but stealing other game IP in the ads is still copyright infringement and wrongly associates one product with another. That's a different matter. When people see footage of Read Dead Redemption in a mobile game ad, they may incorrectly assume there is an endorsement or collaboration. Rockstar could sue for brand harm, eg.
Mobile game sponsors be like : InStaLL rAiD sHaDow LeGendS toDaY AnD gEt A 3 StAr heRo
did you know even angry birds did an ad like this
save da baby
what confuses me way more is that they have this thing called "offers" where you download other apps, but they literally never work and all it does is force u to play like 20 games for multiple hours for no reason.
So uh. When you showed that gems thing,gems actually spawned ingame.
Physics around women in any ads, always a bummer that it only appeals to men. How sickening...
I hate ads
Who checked the description after he said the two arrows in the description
This is funny because you've totally voiced an ad for a game Matpat lol   Though I can't remember what it was 🤣
matt: why isn't anyone doing anything to stop it?   ⚬ ⚬ ⚬ *jim sterling is typing...*
The worst experience i ever had with these ads are the obnoxious sexual ads that shows up on Youtube Kids videos
Epik Meme
And this is why I use Vanced lol
whats worse then fake ads? fake ads who forcibly download themselves to your phone while you are trying to hit the X
While i was watching this vid, an a ad popped up, saying (in latvian) ohh youl Get a 1000euros ir smth, yeah scam.
Bro who remembers angry bird?
I downloaded your app, and I purchased a whale's worth of starting currency. I don't know what to spend it on. I was told that this app was just supposed to just contain misleading ads... and as soon as I purchased the currency, all the items to buy disappeared except "unlock new ad", is this an intended feature?
Project Awakening looks cool af. Reminds me of Shadow of the Colossus.
I'm so sick of mobile games with extremely false marketing. Like, it would have been *easier* for them to make the quirky puzzle levels they advertise versus the "build your empire" stuff.
If you think about it, MOST of the actually good mobile games don't seen to have ads. And if they do they're not fake ones.
The fact that sexual ads play in kids games is disgusting.
Shoutout to the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT BABEE
Urg. While watching I got an ad for a Waifu collecting/training game. At least this time it didn't show them bending over and tell me I should spank them when they're naughty.
To be fair gardenscapes USED TO advertise for the game it gives and I still don't know why they can't just make a new game that is  just like the adds
The real questions being answered!  Thanks MatPat - now I never have to click a mobile ad!
Yahoo
It
Can you do look for lore in a mobile game called the underworld office
The false ads are annoying and in some cases inappropriate.
in Hero Rescue's defense, it's actually pretty cleverly designed. I have it, and it's a fun way to kill time while riding in the car or waiting on food. It has a premium version to remove ads, and it's only 3 bucks, which I was happy to spend because someone finally delivered on the game that kept being advertised
All the age of empires game play used for ads
wooo hero rescue... i actully like that ganme.... but i have a vpn adblocker... so no ads for meeeee
Meanwhile  People: why tf does this game have so many ads Me, an intellectual: Just play without wifi
laughs in being on level 2862 of gardenscapes... my life is sad
Has anyone noticed, when reading reviews on Amazon, half of the reviews are for a completely different product? Like you’re looking a screen protector for you phone but most of the reviews are for a survival knife kit or something.
EPIC intro
and then i get an add for a RTS game that i know that they stole from age of empires gameplay
____THE GAME THEORISTS____  *_Ruining your childhood since 2011!_*
Ever since I watched this video, i get a lot more ads for mobile games like this. Thanks MatPat...
before i could watch this video i had a mobile game ad
What happened to the good old adds like the 2010 ones with proper gameplay instead of constant challenging
there are only a handful of honest mobile games.    a few examples include clash royale, and bloons td6.
Epic
incredibly, the intro was not cringe this time
The ad I got before this video was a bad mobile game ad LMAO
Finally, someone really feels the same
Love that I got 2 unskippable ads for you guessed it mobile games
slightly related, banished is an awesome game
The "ad" at 0:00 - 0:32 actually made me think about Skyrim after my personal experience about mobile games. For me PC (and Steam) is still where it's at. Also, PC games have less _"give us microtransactions or we'll mess up your daily schedule if you want to win"_ mentality.
The advertisers only matter to youtube anymore!
ive seen ad recently stealing age of empires 2 footage
Illegal ads really are among the least things concerning about mobile games.  It's pretty clear these major corporations can't be bothered to follow their own guidelines, so just imagine what these apps do behind the scenes with peoples data.
Maybe the games these ads are lifting the footage from should file for copyright infringement. That'll probably easily go through.
That's why u should be sure when u get a mobile game, false advertising is common in mobile games now...🤝🏼
guess who got the cringy ads watching this video:/
NO JUST MATCH.COM the class action lawsuit was towards them and all the other dating sites owned by them a list of the top 10 and another 65 dating apps were sued in the class action lawsuit "lawful masses with Leonard French" a copyright lawyer has a youtube channel and discussed this a year ago in an episode called "Match.com Catfished Us ALL"
"but that's just a theory, a game theory." No that was a basic introduction into the topic of false advertisement and legal enforcement, making that description(GT) technically ... false advertisement BRRRAAAAAAAAAAAM
I get why the government can't deal with this but surely YouTube could tighten up their policys. At the very least they should be checking that the game/app is what's being advertised.
I'm superised he hasn't done a Lily's garden lore series yet 🤨
Epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic
Yeah I just play the modded version for mobile game
On that, surly making the close add button too small to press should be illegal, if it's not why isn't it? If it is, well I guess they're getting away with it for the same reasons as mentioned.
Don't mess with with the British ASA! 😎 They're always on to bad advertising! Haha
If YouTube holds their creators to such impossibly high standards, I’m surprised they allow their advertisers to scam YouTube’s clients/viewers with stolen and inaccurate content.
Time for ad theory
I’m the only one who played the original super Mario 3D so rod for the Wii U when it came out
Its really sad that Lilly's Garden has resulted to this as its an amazing game with a great story line but it is just a match block puzzle game
It would just be better if Games stayed on actual Computers aka the PC. not phones.
Games should be played on a PC (or maybe a console), not a phone.  Period.  Full stop.
anyone else been getting those shitty hero wars ads?
The intro seems a little loud (?)
7:15 i scrold all the way down just to see that
Call the cops now.
Search in YouTube Gatchalife a little girls game, and tell me why wont YouTube ban it after I reported so much.
My question is, if they think that the stuff they're showing in their ads will draw more people in than the game itself, then ... why not just make that game from the ads?
How did we came to this kind of ads from jetpack joyride ad 🤣
i just report the ad's directly to google that there against federal law. dono if that will do anything but who knows.
I was wondering when somebody was going to address this. Thank You.
When you find the car game ad which just shows GTA 5 gameplay
the game theory intro has really evolved overtime
What about copyright infringement in the cases where ads contain other games footage?
I play Homescapes and I have gotten the mini games a lot more often. Like at least 30 times and I’m level 800 something
Don't forget that reviews on mobile game stores give those games "4,5 stars average", but when you click on the comments, most of them are 1 stars with deceived users. Likes factories anyone ?
I wonder whatever happened to Gardenscapes, the hidden object game on PC? 🤔 I used to play so much of that before. I was really surprised to see it now as an app and with completely different gameplay.
Nexts time you see that kind of ad just give then 1 star if its get Enough add store will delete that app if you didnt know
People seem to forget that the countries that these games are developed in don't care about American copyright and advertisement laws, and there's an enormous user base outside of america
I see adds just like these
many parents has gardenscapes on their cellphones
I never click install on these dumb ads. Those games are the reason i dont play mobile games.
cool intro 0:51
That's how Mafia works.
Well, lets all be glad that we didnt get these ads in this.
How to stop these dumb ads?            Get a shotgun, find them, shoot them in the head. Done
I’m sorry, “A crime that’s not *persecuted* might as well not be a crime”? Think ya mean “prosecuted”.
Too bad that gardenscapes and homescapes ads are still in asutralia and its so fricking long.
Uh when i clicked this video i got a mobile game ad
What about those ads that says you get actual money from playing the game via paypal? There are even real people talking about how much they got from the game like one said he got $54,000. Then there are ads claiming they got phones from the game and the phone boxes used in the ad was obviously empty.  I really hope they get shutdown. Not only are they falsely advertising but they’d even extend the duration of the ad. The 30s ad will have another 15s that forces you to “experience” the game.
YouTube deletes likes AND comments. When you post a comment, refresh a few times to make sure it's still there.
You guys remember how awful the Game of Thrones ads for mobile were?  Pd: we miss annotations, but they would be unmanageable today.
Glad to see the pixel 4 get some use.
misleading ads are worst things in moblie stuff but there are not only worst that have appered its scam game ads that shows a girl with sun glasses saying this game is 100 percent legit you can real money which its making me to punch that girl's face
New mobile game you can do whatever you want is a mediocre title
I come across ads that say at the top:   I CAN’T REACH PINK COLOR 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
"How many epic can you say?"   Matpat: *y e s*
This was made two weeks ago. That opening hasn’t been used for about four years. I confused
I had homescapes and gardenscapes (and enjoy playing them) but I deleted them after I got a bunch of ads that showed gameplay that was completely different to actual gameplay
I despise these apps and their advertising, in fact; I'M LOOK AT ONE RIGHT NOW! Along with the utterly repulsive Facebook and Messenger app commercials, the music they use is so annoying, I just want to yeet the phone out window or maybe just get a add blocker. It's not like YouTube is an important part of my life any more.... Politically correct piece of $#!T.
Why haven't the makers of Banished or Project Awakening (or the others who have had their copyrighted material stolen for these ads) filed copyright lawsuits against these mobile app publishers?
My friend I know how you feel these are the kind of adds they make
Do a theory on TABS
How this type of ad accepted by google ads?
And the adds with the girl that looks "ugly" so you change her clothes and everything to make a boy like her
I’m also guessing the game studios whose footage is being stolen don’t have the capacity to go after every mobile game company that rips their footage, and in many cases even if they won they wouldn’t make up the losses so it’s probably just not worth going after them unless they actually somehow get big off of it.
If a game is full of ads turn ur cellular data or WiFi off. You’ll thank me later
i hateeee when they fake being bad at it on the ad and when im done i complement my life choices
Roast me plz in the reply section.  If u roast me HARD, then u r EPIC
Those games are deffinately not banned in the uk
Is time to make phone theroy
One of the ads included “minecraft mods” and they just take random famous Minecraft you tubers videos.
Lords mobile did that to me
Your wrench is from bendy
8:51 The irony is I have never spent money on a single in-app purchase
It’s straight up false advertisement. Apple and Google should be ashamed of letting that trash on their platforms and the developers need to be punished severely.
THATS NOT JUST A THEORY
Ads are making fake close button and takes u to the app store, like, device companies are starting to accept some lazy ads, the last ones were good, why do they have to remove it?
Are the rip-offs legal in sense of copyright and stuff?
Hey Aylassa and MatPat. I have been playing Gardenscape for 6yrs. I like the old commercials. Also on level 1876. Is Aylassa still playing? I even belong to a house called CA Dreamin'.  Yep I am poor Whale. Don't spend much money . So dose this make me a Lame Mom?  Need to tell Austin to be a better Buttler and show what the Game really is.
After falling for it twice (fish game and garden game), I've learned my lesson
Why cant we just buy an ad blocker why didn't exist :(
when u got a terible mobile congrats. your are a legend.
So, how can we maximize the amount of money that these scumbags have to pay? In the past, advertisers only had to pay for the ad if you clicked on it or watced it to the end. What is the deal nowadays?
EPIC EPIC
Hm i actually liked the Homescapes/gardenscapes games. Very chill, friendly game characters, fixing up a house day by day. Sad to see that kind of misleading advertisement for these games.
I Just realised that in the intro the four bars around the game theory logo are all the colours of Matt's channels green, red, and recently yellow but there's one colour missing...... coincidence I think not.
11:18 my partners name is Oliver Stevens  He doesn’t look like Markiplier though :(
Good video. So what about the "gambling" micro transactions like Raid and other gatchas?
forever buddy
6:30 Natural selection.   Work on ads, works on organisms
My favorite are advertisement that simply use another game's gameplay. But hey, Facebook gets their cut, who cares, right?
I'd love if you could do a theory on the Rusty Lake and Cube Escape series of games. I'm sure this comment will get lost with the others though. If anyone sees this, and agrees with me, could you please like this comment, or even comment this yourself, so there's a higher chance of this being seen.   MatPat, or random commenter who reads this, thanks!
it's totally true, if nobody knows it's not illegal
Not going to lie that prison escape ad always gets me.
Dude I had a really inappropriatted ad
At some point matpat is going to be running the government cuz he’s gunna find a theory for everything.
All I can say is... This is EPIC
Is it weird that this made me respect raid shadow legends so much more
Anyone know that ad that completely copied a PUBG animation?
Coolest intro ever-
Basically, the FTC needs to be seperated intoi multiple organisations that deal with different things, otherwise the 'smaller' stuff gets compeltely ignored.
go see my theorys at madmoon 2021 my first one will be pokemon and  my mom is on 1972 in gardin scap
Wanna talk misleading games? There's a game called puppy town that promises that you win real money, with the most cringe ads with people buying iPhones and stuff. The game is a match the animal game and you need $140 to cash out, but you can never earn more than $139.8
AdBlock is your friend
See my life?     UNEPIC
I litereally had a sliding key add like the one you were explaining as you were talking about them haha!
wooow
the money is all adds in games being seen
haha youtube premium go brrrr
Don't mock hero wars
Ohh annotations! I really remember those quirky stuff
On the garden game I'm on level 1678 and I've never seen it xd
This topic has angered me for the past few years. Im happy to see MatPats on it now.
this video , just reminds me of being a kid in the  90's n 2000's where games Trailer looked nothing like game play footage ..
genshin impact looking at these other mobile games be like 🥱
So if real life was a video game, is becoming president pay to win??
Now there’s Roblox in the intro
That happend to me too 😔😐
i mean i understand other game have to mislead to get people download but  Gardenscape ... why!? your game already Ok and dont need anything like that tho!
There's also the fact that a lot of mobile games are produced in China and South Korea, countries with different laws regarding advertising
I just watched a a that was for a different game and the other persons game was on the side. Idk
I remember those lil boxes
Some ad had stoled dome videos In YouTube
Banished was literally the first ever game I bought on steam
This can be annoying. I mean I can see they are trying to advertise their game but show the actual game rather that showing the mini game.
Well, you brought up earlier on the episode, the game using Banished footage - I wish you covered that more, since that game is something you must legally buy, and is protected by copyright law, no? How can they use that footage on the legal level?  On a similar note, I’ve seen ads that use IP from Valve - like the Boomer from the Left 4 Dead series. Multiple. How can anyone get away with using the IP of other companies, corporations, etc.?  (The closest I could come up with would be that they had a license, but it doesn’t set right with me.)
The one at 1:31 I've never seen in an ad. Good thing, because I would've clicked on it instantly 😂 sometimes I'm a child when it comes to toilet humour, lol
13:04 - actually there is a Cyberpunk 2077 kinda game that just came out on mobile called Cyberika
I would never want to play "EPIC" because its named after a reading program for kids
The ads I get are cringe ngl tbh
Is it sad that me and my puzzle-loving brain really want a legit "pull the key" game or anything of the sort but with a much higher difficulty? I just- I WANT IT. MY OVERACTIVE MIND WANTS IT. I'm a gal that adores puzzles. Any kind of puzzle is one that I'll become obsessed over if it's difficult enough. I knew those ads were fake the second I saw them, and I die a little on the inside every time.
No negative health issues? How about high blood pressure due to raging at being misled? Although I rage more at the sheer number of ads in a mobile game. Play for 5 seconds get a 30 second ad. That should be illegal.
Ah yes annotations. I remember back in the day when I watched lyric videos; annotations would be the way to correct those typos / mistakes. Lol
I’ve wondered about how these mobile game companies were able to get away with ads that are just.... blatantly lies. I figured it was something very like what you described; it’s just not a big deal to them. Still disappointing though.
I used to work with a company making very simple and stupid games with ad revenue. The thing with the ads is to try out a concept most of the time. You won't develop a game and watch it fail whereas you can just publish an ad of the new game concept and see how clickable it is before developping it.  For example with homescape:  At some point, we could have ads about pulling stuff in order to fix something or rescue the guy, but this gameplay wasn't even in the game. Using this ad to test if user would enjoy it, plus a bit of growth hacking methods (making you frustrated because the answer is really simple but in the ad, they always make mistakes for example) is why we see ads like this while the game isn't like this at all MOST of the time.   Sometimes it's pure false advertising for sure. But the point is User acquisition.  Cheers Matt
I wish YouTube would stop showing me those many stupid ads. They know they're bs and yet take their money anyways.
Remember in 2012 13 mobile games were actually fun and had no ads
The sheer fact that some of these games have playable ads says enough to me to never download them. Like, how in depth can a game be if you can play it without downloading it at all and pops up instantly during an unskippable adverts? Disgusting.
1:20 I literally saw that ad yesterday LOL
Well, remember "adpocalypse" were companies got so upset that they would have there ads infront of very controversial videos that they would cancel there deal with youtube and the creator got this advisor friendly nonsense?   I feel like it's time to repeat history but switch rolls.
oh silly Matt, remember when you said mobile games are the future?
I remember annotations and messaging on youtube. One fake dude perfect channel tried to scam me through a message
Anyone else thinking the intro was a RAID sponsorship
This is probably the most noble use of your platform I've ever seen. 10/10 thank you.
that's why I don't play games on my phone...
Yes. "Not all images represent the actual game", in probably the smallest footnote possible.
im  only 14 and i remember annotations
I have a six y/o brother that's barely learning how to play games on the phone and he downloads EVERY game he sees on an add because he thinks it's gonna be something different. So far i think he gave two phones (Both of my parents') viruses because of it so yeah, i think they should fix that.
I just got an ad for helix jump, with gameplay on the side of a jump knife game even though at the end, it showed helix jump on the dudes phone
Every doctor:keep social distant Bank robbers:fly's a drone with a gun
Sometimes I wish I had Youtube Premium😐😐😐
My Sister is 3 times as much. MY SISTER IS OVER LEVEL 3400
at least the U.K had brain cells to stop the misleading ads
my mom has been playing home scapes for a long time and she is level 3098
There are two reasons convergent evolution occurs. First, because there are physical constraints--there are only so many ways to fly through the air, and fluid dynamics dictates that if you want to go fast in the water you need to have a certain shape. Second, because you're copying something else--the king milk snake looks a lot like a coral snake because doing so keeps the milk snake safe.   A bit of both is likely going on here. Regarding the first, the type of user that's going to spend money on in-app purchases in a game like this is likely not a very broad segment of the population. There are likely key psychological aspects you can target. We're all familiar with Skinner Boxes, but it goes deeper than that. Second, these development companies are keeping an eye on each other. If I see that your app is doing well, I'm going to copy it--why waste my money when I can outsource my R&D to you? This means that the actual amount of R&D going into this stuff is likely much smaller than we would otherwise expect.
Thank god, finally someone addresses those issue. I have been wondering how this is legal for a LONG time now.
They do bad ads intentionally. Kefir's Last Days on Earth and Frostborn have weird ads, but they're actually good games.
If it is at the speed of my internet we wont see an add for the next 50 years
For apps that are currently compatible, but the ad software is stuck in 2016, PLEASE UPDATE YOUR ADS TO 2021! Also, make them skippable, or I will buy something to disable ads
Banished is the opposite of relaxing for me I stress over everything
Look for reviews for a game you want rather than browsing through the app store. Or go with trusted developers like Cygames etc
When I pressed on this video I got an add of an 911 mobile game lmao.
https://youtu.be/zQbTUmVnbOo
I hate these ads but i hate the ones where they slowly erase women's clothes even more.
I once saw an ad that just stole footage of one of my favorite games, solar smash.
13:25 hmmmmmmmmmmm why brexit, why? Now i wanna go there
Yea, you are totally right, good job me and other people that dont believe the ads
I used to play gardenscapes before all of the sketchy ads, but once I saw ads for it in other games I uninstalled because I didn’t want to support that company.
OMG IVE ACTUALLY BEEN WAITING FOR SOMEBODY TO NOTICE THESE ADS I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST ME
Remember when mobile games were genuinely good
Gardenscapes watching this:
Omg i got an ad to make yt money in april 2021 what a scam
Fun fact: I got that kind ad when I was watching.
Can we also talk about how sexist these ads are? guys get these ads with saving people or epic worlds with epic battles, while we girls get sultan palace dramas where we're supposed to backstab everyone to become queen and take care of random children found on the street. Idk, it could be just me, but I'm not into that youtube! stoopid.
Can You Do A FNF (Friday Night Funkin) Theory?
Me spend 10 bucks on duelinks as a tip .   Play store  to advertisers , Yea this guy is a whale
Are you kidding me. In the middle of the video I got a mobile game ad Lmao
A mobile ad is definitely going to use that epic ad in the intro
Before I watch this vid I got an ad of "OmG THiS Is sO HaRd 1% PeOPle HAvE BeATeN ThIS StAge" I hate them it sucks:/
right now is a good time for ad blockers to erm “advertise” theyre company i guess
Only 5% of people can pass this
Man I missed the 2010s ads
1:23 i thought only my country get these kinds of ads
I just got misleading ad while watching this video lol These game producers are really smol brains
Me when sees a Minecraft rip off ad:   Also me: yeah definitely legal lol
The false advertisement may not been monetarily detrimental to the consumers, but such as the case of Project Awakening, surely it would be to the producers of the actual content? Same with banished And if false advertising is effectively just allowed, then what’s the point of having it be a law in the first place when literally nothing is done about it? Like it takes the ENGLISH authority to be the only one to do anything, against something that violates AMERICAN Federal Trade laws I get that we’re better with, well a lot of things it seems, but it just seems so stupid to do nothing, if not surprising they don’t just make it fine able to do so and take for themselves a cut of the revenue
X-Ray Vision ads and when it goes to the private parts the ad ends
one of the main reasons i watch this channel is just to hear matpat say "HELLO internet and welcome to GAME THEORY"
I unsubscribed because of something you said a long time ago, but now I like you again, imma subscribe again
My mums got to level 6000 on gardenscapes, she's never got a mini game.
I rate 99% of mobile game ads a -NaN out of NaN                    Edit: mobile games ad sucks
I don't like the ads of something literally impossible to play.
Dude, if you haven't seen the Lily's Garden ads, you are missing out!   These ads are f***ing WILD.
The worst ones are the ones with fake Xs in the corner. You think you're closing the ad, but it actually takes you to the download page.   Once I accidentally clicked one of these and it actually straight up downloaded the game right there. Didn't even open the play store or anything. It just installed another app from inside the first app.   Needless to say, I uninstalled both pretty quick.
12:41 *prosecuted
FINALLY SOMEONE TALKED ABOUT THIS HOW DO THEY GET AWAY WITH IT
The Lily’s garden ads may have nothing to do with the gameplay, but they’re pretty well made compared to literally every other kinda ad I get
Ads in 2020: I cAn’T rEaCh piNk  Ads in 2021: I fOuNd A gAmE fOr BuDdiEs
Top war
Am I the only one who noticed theat he put the Scribblenauts baby?
Honestly Google Play Store should be more active in policing the content. Be it the blatant false advertising to the hundreds of games that steal existing game graphics to use for their Play Store icons.
I got the dumbest ad talking about how you take a vid from another vid then make it an ad and it was so dumb
The false adds anger me as the advertised games dont exist.. as far as I was aware. Till I watched the vid
It is evolving; just backwards
I use emulators
LOL markiplier being the spammy match.com guy 😂😂😂
Yeah, it should be illegal to be as dumb as the people playing in mobile ads
"Hello, everyone, and welcome to Game Theory, where today we are talking about how that little x in the top corner of advertisements...is a LIE"
RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS anyone watch the business blaze rip on that?
The only add that I’ve truly thought was funny are the simply piano/guitar adds. There really good
Me in YouTube premium be like:
was it intentional that I got one of those baity ads during this video?
I'm curious if anyone caught the fact he made a paradox, maybe even he didnt realize... 🤔
It surprises me mat didnt talk about the gambling ads. Gambling was stopped in pokemon because well it advertised just that to children. Do the ads about gambling not do the same, especially if they're those super fake ones showing fake PayPal accounts getting fake money (and then sometimes a person irl with a lot of money.) This sounds illegal in every way
*Ē P Į Ç*
There is an ad for glasses that cure blindness HOW DO YOU SEE THE AD IF YOU'RE BLIND
i once got a ad of some game but they stole the footage from God Of War and it was just Kratos killing abunch of enemies and then the name of the game
EPIC
HAHA... Im on level 1400 in homescapes... >:D (I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry)
Hey maypat how does sonic's spindash work
The history community mobile ads taking footage from total war its sad lol
The question: "Are you smarter then everyone else" is very tempting for some people
When I was watching this I got one of those misleading adds
Ad designers just be throwing science against the wall to see what sticks
I hate people that steal videos for adds   Someone stole my most popular gcmv to promote a fake game
BTW does anyone remember when Gardenscap ad were actually about the game
I remember the original Gardenscapes ad, it actually showed what the game was about.
I got an ad called “place rule” in this video 😭😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣 And also OMG YouTube annotations. What a throw back
mat make a new jacket with a new color right now
super amazing endcard tournements were ... tests? WE WERE GUINEA PIGS IN YOUR GAME THAT WE THOUGTH WE WERE PLAYING ... im impressed
youtubes ad motto: "If you pay, it's okay."
Well, the gardenscape ads aren't completly misleading. In the game, you will occasionally have to play some of those puzzles. But i agree, the ads don't show true gameplay and i hate it. The comlany used to ve really honest. I played all of the gardenscape and homescape games, what greed and corruption does to people is sad
One ad that I’ve seen that is genuinely real is the game, “Fate of the Empress.” It is genuinely good (in my opinion) and follows the ads promises.
Just a theory (but it’s not really) a game theory (but it’s still not really)
Hey, matt~ I've been playing mobiles games as well, and as such as ads keep popping up, having fake visuals towards in-game itself. but what about the ads that say "you can win real money if you play this" kind of ads? Honestly, some minority actually pays, but mostly, the ads kinda work as scam, or doesn't pay at all when you reach a certain threshold. mobile ads that doesn't play the way it showed in ads be fake is one thing, but what about ads, who say you can win money just by playing it, BUT doesn't actually pay you itself even when you give your paypal once asked. Isn't that also kind of illegal? And if it does, why does even more and more of this so called "Fake Money games" still on play store or App store? (If it doesn't make sense, please forgive)
I got one of those ads while watching this
I got one of those ads while watching this
Tis video is EPIC !
Ahhhh...video annotations. My favorite use for them was to correct crappy grammar mistakes that occurred as I haphazardly put together a video that was due the next day. Good times.
Ughj
That's why i use adblock :)
*I remember the old adds that its 100percent true*
"sometimes I just wanna burry my head into my hands and scream"  That's an understatement, almost every single one of us wants to bury our entire body SO deep underground that we are basically getting  cooked
I was thinking he was going to flip out and say "ANOTHER MATCH 3 GAME?!"
Pls pls pls pls pls pls do a valorant game theory i beg
The funny thing is I got an ad for Clash of Clans in the middle of the video. Lmao
The first Gardenscapes, which was a seek and find game, was pretty good tbh
I keep seeing one ad over and over about a mobile game, it changes its ad every time idk if you heard of the game it's called Hero Wars
"Be kind to each other, dont lie" PFFT! like anyone's gonna listen to thay sadly :(
Persecuted? You mean prosecuted?
i am pretty sure misleading ads would be considered illegal because with google ads you can report them for misleading ads and btw you should report ads that show among us 2 because they quit making it
I dont see ads on my ipad cause i use youtube premium
reply all is 👌
Im pretty sure they added the bad dream thing because people were complaining about the adds
Yeah I got scammed by a game called word pet salon and then it installed ELF WAR
I noticed you used the reply all clip. Nice. Good pod.
I got one of these adds on this vid and the last one
I just choked on my own spit for 40 seconds!
Dont forget the amount of sexual ads that are out there that youtube refuses to take down, *BUT* they demonetize videos for no reason:V
thank you SO MUCH for covering this, it drives me ABSOLUTELY NUTS.  I saw an ad the other day for a match-3 game with aspects of this, and the interesting thing was that hand clicking things hovered over the best move for a minute before doing something on the far side of the board. I've never seen an ad actually come close to the correct match before... Also I think I've seen exactly one ad where the the "person" playing it actually did it correctly, and I was surprised at it's wholesomeness for a hot minute.
The worst ones are the ones that claim that it's a miracle liquid that burns fat after you drink it. This add shows a bunch of mini videos of a glass turning from a black to clear liquid after adding this mystery chemical (what adipose tissue is black, anyway?), then a bunch of animations of fat leaving your body. They always end with a before and after photo with two different people. You want to know how I know? I KNOW the person in the before photo! I couldn't imagine seeing a picture of myself in a before photo, especially if I never used that product. I just wish I knew how to report it, but it never SAYS the name of the product in the ad and there is no way I'm clicking that iffy-looking link.
07:05 I WAS JUST, JUST Thinking "man whatever happened to annotations?" LoL
I just had the game of legends comercial before this
Meh, Genshin impact is the only game that I saw with the add matching with the gameplay, also Minecraft, and BitLife
Yeah these companies need to stop it's annoying
\/ Yes
They need to make games just like from 2014 again... I miss Plants Vs. Zombies
Wow. You took the words out of my head
Ok but the Lily’s Garden ads deserve a theory video itself ✋🏻😩
Thank you
This is why I hate mobile games so much.
Another problem for me is when they put A WHOLE 4-5 MIN SONG AS AN AD. This bothers me so much especially when I'm driving my motorcycle, I need to stop the bike to stop the ads, annoying. YouTube and Google Adsense should regulate how long an ad should be before approving it.
Idiot Ad Producers : *sweats*
it is stupid to make an ad for a mini game within a game unless that mini game shows up alot. What ever part of the game shows up the most is what u should want to buy or download the game for, not some side game u might never see
Oh god, the King of Avalon flashbacks are happening
This is why my moms phone is filled with my sisters games
3:58 no its not relaxsing is dificult as f
Reply All is a really good podcast, it’s cool that they used that clip
make a new isaac theory about repentance pls
Can you make a theory about "We become what we behold" PLSS!
Next question would be could a studio that actually developed the game the fake ad depicts seek compensation
I saw a game called top war and thought it looked cool. Plot twist it sucks
"Matpat is always wrong" they said. They are probably right
Haha. I got a mobile game ad while watching this. With false advertising. Haha.
lol nice rick and morty reference in the intro
Its funyy how this video explain fake mobile ad and i litelary get mobile game ad before the video lol
Why deal with ads...
The amount of epics reminds me of the 80/90’s
I thought you were sponsoring a game at the beginning
Some new Descovered land called Antarctica? *EPIC*
And HOW are you NOT part of the GOVERMENT!??!!!
I saw a lava and shark on a ad
I litteraly get ads from game called "epic wars"
Sometimes,When I Was Watching Something In The Website Called Gogo Anime,Some Pop-Up Ads Keeps Showing About Fixing Your Phone By Removing Virus Thing,Kind Of Annoying
.
Game Theory the game! Designed and licensed by MatPat/Game/Food/Film/Ad Theory to use the “key game” style and walk fans through plausible theories. It is simple to make? So why not make it for us, the fans? Pleeeeeeease!
The squeamish watch lamentably gather because text synchronously agree within a dysfunctional vision. pink, near flavor
Nice video keep it up make more related videos
My mom actually fell for this
Mobile ads be like: Can you reach the money *walks the other way even though you could walk forward*
where petscop 7 mat
I remember being so dissapointed in gardenscapes when I downloaded it and found out what it was actually like. Now I just enjoy the logic puzzle adds and don't click on them because they wont have the game I want to play.
I got a fake ad for Lords mobile  while watching this video😆😆
does anyone notice springtrap from fnaf next to the computer
Can’t forget that a lot of the ads are usually harassing/sexually harassing someone!!   Hey come play my game, we also think fat people should be ran away from
true. Mobile ads are making illegal work they should not steal someone game ads or trailer to make their game famous
Mobile game ads then: Play clash of clans available at the App Store!!  Mobile game ads now: 99.9% oF yOu cAn’T bEaT tHiS
My personal favorite is when gardenscapes and that fish game used the EXACT SAME PUZZLE, only one company swapped out their fish mascot for the balding guy
you lost me at "ad". what's that, again?
The evilest scam an mobile ad has done to me is putting a fake x button at the corner so everytime I clicked it, it took me to the store-
alysa needs to find a new game
It’s weird. I always find ads in games even though I am not connected to the internet. But when I want to get rewards from watching ads it doesn’t let me
i am glad Mach got destroyed
i was in the middle of playing among us then an ad popped up with the premise of every time you one a game of rock paper scissors you would get to remove a piece of clothing of a girl. thousands of kids play among us how is this legal??????
Hi
Sometimes the mobile ads will steal animations from youtubers
Ad : GTA 6   Game : *Thats How Mafia Works*
New mobile game you could do whatever you want I try to search it and see if it actually horrible it doesn't exist anymore mostly because I was going to do a video saying I saw a map pack video and I would have gotten some views just by saying matpat matpat matpat suB
I got a mobile ad when watching this 🤣
I actually just saw the best example of this I have ever seen. A mobile poker game ad played, except the game play wasn't from the app that was being advertised. Now, I can understand why these mobile game companies thinking they can get away with using footage from small games made by indie developers, or old games made by defunct companies....           But I don't understand why the thought they can get away with using footage from *RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2* of all things!
3:27 robot master "I can't find my keys man" should be here
Short answer: yes  Long Answer:
The polar bear and kid ad is the most head smashing ad I seen. I watched this ad and at the end they literally die to the player giving them a bomb. Yes, that’s the ad
Good job on 14M Subs
Food in the door!
I can live with misleading ads if they're actually decent, like, actually taking time to make. One example is the Warpath Ads I've seen, live action, original music, engaging, everything great. It doesn't matter if the actual game is kinda like Clash of Clans but WW2 like, its at least half decent of an ad.  Another instance is World of Warships/Tanks, live action (or CGI occasionally) which take actual time and money on them which give a more personal story (boots on the ground rather than the overarching player side).
Oh never mind
Is this the fake version of game theory
I just got the game your talking about
I want all of those stupid cringy ads to end such as "Mom vs Dad", "only 1-99.999% of people's can do this", "IQ test 1000", " harder than you think", and those annoying  unskippable homescape and garden scape ads.
GARDEN SCAPES IS ALWAYS SO STUPID
Hi Game Theorists - just to let you know, I put out a video reviewing this video.😺
Make a video about Friday Night Funkin where you figure out the lore and putting the weeks in order
That game gardenscape which was mentioned here in this video, they made 1.45bn $ in one year. Games like cyberpunk, doom eternal and Miles morales haven’t even made half of that. That’s the situation in gaming.
Many years ago, Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw said he was impressed by the app store as an indie market because of the staggering variety of creative gameplay loops _"You'd think if the top app was 'Angry Birds', the next four would be 'Upset Avians' or 'Perturbed Marsupials'."_ Better times
And candy crush has fallen. I’m imagining that “you were the chosen one” meme.
I just got it and I got 5 of them before level 17
):
ads: exist my adblocker: *you have no power here!*
Can we talk about those games that just think of one idea and upload a billion same games but change it slightly and then advertise it?
8:41 They looking for them people who bought "gaming phones" XD
can you do more duck season?
I wodent been surprised if it was raid shadow leagend ad in the beginig 😂😂
Now I just want a full game from the mini game.
I mean, morality is a lie and as the old saying goes, s'all good man.
The intro got changed?!?!
An ad: BEST word-matching game EVER!!! Also the ad: no punctuation (that is needed in my language), words that don't even exist, bad grammar
Thumbnail: shows lady being tortured  Also thumbnail: *"HoW iS tHiS iLLeGaL?"*
Ngl Homescapes is still a pretty good game, i used to play it a bit & my brother played it for MONTHS & enjoyed it. It's still playable at least & it has some "decent" graphics.  Other games i get ads from are usually just... Eww. Trash. Put it away. Why won't they remove the ACTUAL scams that even steal content & photos instead? 😐😑
genshin impact theory when?
Google play store has changed dramatically. Mostly total trash. *CHINESE* game developing companies you can spot by poor translation and same obnoxious shitty content going on and on. Check where it's coming from. China.
What about Dragon city? What about save the girl? Answer me in the next video PLZ MattPat PLZ
I just got a very weird ad which was really spaghetti (I am not going to tell u)
Oh man. I decided to poke one of these out if curiosity. And was very salty it wasn't even the stupid game i saw 1,000 times
Sometimes when realize how bad is the world you just get disappointed
Well becuase they paid money to YouTube
1:32 the phuck did i just witness
I would download any game that has that many ``EPICCCC``s in it tbh
so split testing is like q learning or how the algorithm was made. it makes 2 bots/ads and which ever gets the most amount of points will be used in the "next gen"/ next add.
Mafia. Need I say more?  I remember one of their ads was literally GTA V footage.
Finally the god speaks against the unworthy
This video is pretty epic
Speaking of taking content from outside sources (other games or anything else), the game “Stick Fight: Mafia” was stealing footage from Hyun’s Dojo, an animation channel on YouTube, to advertise their content.
Omg yes
One day, i saw a gambling ad, and a child was talking on it. Please stop this.
Did you say you have a personal connection to Dr. Squatch
That opening was dead on accurate.
:(
Me when I play the game you were talking about in the start: I'm gonna be an upstanding member of society
I bet yah that all people who disliked  is an advertiser
When a yputuber uses 2 seconds of a song the copyrights go crazy but this   They just don't care
*Oh my god! Game Theory couldn’t solve this :o*
It’s like all of the global ads i’ll miss leading fnaf: when you get a commercial from us or wipes or trailers it’s the real thing
I got an ad that had a friday night funkin roblox parody theme, and the ad was modded friday night funkin.
Nothing compares to duck life. Duck life best game
"Horrible"
There is actually a new add I just saw, where a game company called "fnf mod" or something, which literally took somebody's animation they made and put it into an add
The Azur Lane and Arknights community complained about this directly to Yostar. They listened and they still are taking down cringe and misleading advertisements.  Way to go!
Hol up Is that yellow colour in the intro always there?
What if it’s not just a theory            A game theory
That epic thing was a epic fail * cringe air horn noises that went out of style like 3 years ago
I cannot reach pink stage on EPIC!, Can you help me?
I have a nice idea to bend them over, so bear with me for a moment. The mobile game companys break the law but since it is so minor no governmant agency cares, right?   Sooo would it be possible to like sue them under my own Initiative and not wait for any regulator to start it and since they dooo actually break the law i will win the following lawsuit then force them to change their ads and additionally put all my lawyer expenses on them since i won and was in the right?
I have gotten ads like those, and I hate them and never click them
i have come acrosss an EVIL mobile game, you have to use wifi to play it, WHEN ITS SINGLEPLAYER!
i got a mobile game ad for this video-
I usually get ads when anime girls shake their parts. Half the time I cant skip it.. Reporting never works
Ya know thing on my phone always come up with...Oh No YoUr AnDrOiD is InFeCtEd CliCk tHe InStAlL buTtOn!!!
They do have negative health effects!        They make me sad😞
This is exactly what I’m thinking ad says that this game is this but it’s a different game? Why would they do this? This is literally false advertising which is a crime btw so why?
This actually angers me bc I would LOVE to play the games I download that quickly become uninstalled.
I find that you typically come across these kinds of ads way more often on android than on iPhone, they’re baked into so many apps. The only time I see these kinds of ads on iPhone is on shady apps and websites
The fact that its 2021 and this is a problem and there going to find a way to exploit this even further like using fake advertisements just to make you register to an app
the people who created these ads have and iq lower than the amount of questions i got correct on my test
epic games sponsors this video
Mostly I get Fake guru ads. I just watch 30 secs and then I click and run.
Another reason companies have to put these kind of ads is because there are millions of mobile games in the market and they all compete with each other. Everyone want their game to be heard and for people to download it and a false ad makes it easy. I havn't played a mobile game for years now so I very rarely see these ads, but I remember encountering one that goes like this: it's the kind of ad that plays in bad time and you are forced to watch 30 seconds of it. This type of ad is the one that makes the companey the highest amount of money out of all the types of ads they have. What the company whose game I'm playing now did with these badly timed ads is taking advantage of the fact people want to just exit the ad and continue playing. They showed both the replay button and the exit button to continue playing while the ad was playing but the buttons were grayed out to show we can't use it yet. We just want the ad to move on so we're ready with our finger to press the exit button because we know where this button is. The catch is, when the ad ends they replace the ad with a "poster ad" of the same advertized game to "give us the time to decide if we want to download it or not, getting them more money as these are two ads in a row. What they also did is switch the positions of the replay button and the exit button, and because we were ready to press "exit" and we know it was there, we just clicked the "replay ad" button and we end up watching the same ad again. Congrats, you just watched three ads in a row.
Lmaoo computerpunk 2099
Saw the first :48 seconds and I knew what this was about. The Legitimacy of the abundant false advertising every mobile game is still lost on me but it feels like it should be illegal. I downloaded a game that in its advertising it showed a sort of open world aspect of fighting giant enemy bugs (cough cough Planet Ant) and it turned out to be another mobilizing troop waiting game. It really irritates the absolute hell out of me they can do this.
I got a shitty mobile game ad in the middle of this video
Now roblox is doing this smh
This video is cool and all but CAN _YOU_ REACH *PINK* COLOR?
So... they’re illegal, but very little has been done about it so far. Great.
I'm tired of watching ads of these trashy mobile games.
only 0.00001 people can watch this whole video
2 words       they are
Dum😴
The best way to describe this is just the word. Capitalism
YOU JUST DID NOT GET AN COPYRIGHT FROM JACKNJELLIFY?!?!?!
This isn’t an ad, but there’s this sketchy YouTube channel called “Tik Tok World”, they put girls in the thumbnails to attract little kids. I don’t know how to feel about this
This ads are fake I believe this youtuber
I remember like last year or almost a year ago, there was a sword building game that stole Rusty Cage's music to play in the ad. The game (naturally) was a crappy mobile game.
Chapters has the worst ads
Honestly, I thought this would be a collab with Legal Eagle, but well, still an interesting episode
Some ads even use cringy memes in them such as:  When school over
In one word *says three words*
“My fader is the chef of nevy!”
Man, I'm brazilian, and here we JUST HAVE ADS FROM "TIKTOK" AND "KWAI", mostly of Kwai... I hate see a girl dancing before every video (including this lol)
OMG It's so cringe when some man gets stranded on an island somehow becomes lvl 1000, builds a whole a^^ kindom and then somehow there's 100 people living there. Everything is done in 30secs too 😂
God bless Youtube Vanced 🙏 haven't got a midroll since I downloaded it.
If you're looking for more theory ideas  can you do one on wakfu like explaining the plot or something
:mattpatt dowing garden scapes        :me nervouse sweating         :also me           aBOUT THAT.....
Game stock market crash repeating again... 😂
Hey this wasn't a GAME THEORY, this was a GAME FACT... A MOBILE GAME FACT...
One mobile game that is really good and truthful is  blades elder scrolls it’s super fun, and this the best Skyrim game for mobile
Hey mat pat I tested your theory and you were right I downloaded a ad app called “Royal Match” which the ad showed to be a logic puzzle but when I downloaded it to test your theory you were right it had the same characters but it was just a knock off candy crush.
Ngl love the new intro but I miss the old one 😂😂
Gerry's *LOOSER* in the wind... will become an aeternal gag
I still have a question, how have some of these ads not been taken down for copyright?
Oh. My. God. In the middle of the video, an ad for League of Legends,  a MOBILE GAME came on 🙄
Hero wars ad attached to video
The holistic part structurally hurry because magician understandably cheer modulo a chemical whip. numberless, left pimple
They even ripped off AoE 2!
You also forgot that the fps in the ads is 60 but in the real game it's 1
RAID: SHAMELESS LIARS
I once saw an ad that showed animal crossing NEW HORIZONS (a Nintendo switch game) on MY iPad
This is the reason why the internet also needs strict laws. Looking forward to the future where I can see cops online.
*"THAT STICK?" EPIC* 0:11 - 0:13
"Where both candidates spent a combined 81 million dollars-..." Oh, that's not so bad. "...-on facebook ads." Oh...
I got an ad for a terrible mobile game *WHAT A COINCIDENCE.......* *OR NOT*
summoners greed has honest advertisement
13:20 So that’s why they disappeared in December
While I was watching I received an ad like that  Bruh
Funny how the ads purposefully make wrong game decisions to frustrate people
Thats why i stayed at old games especialy on angry birds
This video: *epic*
I almost feel like these mobile game ads are roughly as honest as tech support scammers.  But the worst part about them is, sometimes I would love to see actual advertisements for something I might be interested in. But instead I'm bombarded with what barely amounts to more than random shapes and colours, effectively filling web pages etc. with  unnecessary bloat.   If the lawmakers are not going to do anything about them, then I think legitimate advertisers should. Not only are these things wasting valuable ad space, but they are also driving more people to ad blockers.
I,unfortunately saw an ad with some cursed furry rap in the background of this cursed video,I will not go into detail
They also copy each others' ads lol.
This is one of the main reason why I used Youtube Premium. No more misleading game ads, I'm sick of it.
“E P I C”   me: stop it, STOP IT, S T O P I T!!!
There’s a lot of mobile apps that rip you off like the games showed in the video-
They'll also intentionally fail the puzzle over and over again, in a pitiful attempt to frustrate you into getting the app so you can do it yourself. And now, they've even taken to making playable ads on some games, but I'm not touching them.
Note before you click that button 2 spaces below this comment. Aka the Read more button. I have not watched the entire video yet and will edit my response when i finally watch it.    Fun fact: UK actually has this banned, The mobile game ads banned for being misleading soooooo yeah..?
There’s no way that these mobile game ads are scripted by real humans. It’s either AI or non-English-speakers using Google translate
The intro is just- *y e s* 😌💅
Bro the intro sounds straight out of an anime
Wow. Markiplier changed his name, huh? Interesting. XD
Sad haven’t watched game theory in a while and I see that they changed the intro rip
This sucks even more than Elsagate
Please sir, can you do don’t starve?
I tried the prison one, it sucked
I saw a "mum vs Dad" ad and they used Ninja and Pokimane.
Dang, now I gotta get rid of Minecraft pocket edition. Thank mat.
Who else stopped seeing as many fake adds after this?
Gardenscapes ads: in terms of truth we have no truth
It's funny how I got one of those ads while watching this video
Shitty Mobile Game Ads: *Exist*  Me: Nah, I'll stick with my Girls' Frontline and Azur Lane, thank you   I would not want to see what the ads for the games I mentioned were like XD
Day 1 of asking for book theory. Color could be blue and seems like a great idea (maybe a sports theory maybe)
Not me playing genshin impact while watching this. Love the game tho kinda need help ngl.
I've seen all of the adds shown in the video and have clicked in many when they poped up in games (I know, I like those easy puzzle games). I found it weird that they included How To Loot. The advertisement is slightly exaggeratef but the gameplay itself is actually those "remove the keys" tipe.  The rest were actually fake (with the exceptions that MatPat himself made)
pruimium user be like :never seen them🤔
“When no cops are around, anything’s legal!”
This is why 85% of mobile games I play are the games I downloaded sometime 2-6 years ago and uninstalled them later because back then games weren't so shitty
This is sooo turn
People download those games to prove they are so easy
While I watched this, a add popped up that was about cutting someone's toes off while the bot narrator said something like "n00! I wanted my nails to look like AmOnG uS" Lmfaooooo even tho the "trend" died
Before this video I got a ad that was stolen, lmao.
Me who just got a key ad and knows the actual game
That intro just kill me LOL
I love the intro cuz this monika scene fits so perfect
Couldn’t the game the trailer came from sue for copyright infringement?
I once saw a game ad called something like "house designer 3D" and it showed footage from minecraft of someone building a house.
if it costs money, wouldn't it be false advertising which is definitely illegal?
My mother who is on lvl 2962: Are you challenging me Ally?
I'm so glad you covered this topic. This has been grinding my gears for the longest time. I fell for a couple of town builder games that promised an entirely different gameplay style that never showed up.
Worst part. The fake X's to exit the ads.
I remember watching videos where the captions were annotations man that was so long ago
I remember that there was this mobile game, Bob's world, that 1 was a clone of mario bros (internal name "super_mario_unity"), used videos from Level Up as ads, and in their channel they used mario 1 gameplay as an ad
(): Edit: pollution is gone :0 Second edit: help this was a trillion years ago
bad ads: heck you matpat yo-you explosededed me i gonna sue you.           everyone else: were just trynna make the internet better bruh
A lot of mobile game ads have popped up on YouTube, ever since this video was made...
*l o s e r*
Epic
The Ads I hate the most is the one’s where your a woman trying to work her way up in the harem. Even I think that’s too sexist. 😖👸💃💃💃
Only game to come out of this chain that didn’t lie about its game play is parking jam.
Some ads use youtube vids
Mobile Ads be like: ONLY 1% CAN COMPLETE THIS MOM😎 VS DAD😭
The Add Theorist
I actually have that PC at 3:57
And here's I thought time IS money. Guess it's not anymore, huh!?
it is crazy how much arguments are going on in the comments
Ｋｉｌｌｅｄ Ｂｙ 1:32
The only game i play on my phone is fnaf ultimate custom night or any fnaf game except for sister location
While I was  Watching this there was a pull the keys add
10:52 hahaha i use an iphone
Very cool but *_vErY_* toxic! 🌈 ❤
So I saw a ad by playgendary and downloaded it and saw it was fake and gave it a one star for fake ads they said ‘ sorry we make these ads to attract people and get profit’
Would be really funny if this video was sponsored by raid
YouTube needs make a ads system to make sure the ad isn't breaking their guidelines and isn't baiting nor is fake and is appropriate for the user by looking at what they usually watch. but alas this is probably never going to happen.
Now that intro was EPIC
I was watching this and got interrupted by a gardenscapes ad
The thing is my fav game. There was a ad that said some really cool stuff I’m like wat? When I updated it nothing was there ;/
ONLY 90% WILL PASS 😭😭😭😭
Actually they do it because gardenscapes is like garden escape like fish dome sounds like fish doom
The only mobile game I play is Azur Lane
V44zsZwwzW
I think Mat should make one final channel and it will be drumroll please...... The Book Theorists
7:36 I even have all my Icons and my background on my pc centered more towards the left side of my screen if its on the right side it just feels off
Legends spotted the Rick and Morty reference
Me too
the intro is backk
pixel car racer dosent have ads of the game it self anyways its a great mobile pixelated 2d car game try it also A LOT of people love pixel car racer
I said the same thing to Genshin Impact till i saw it was 8GB big....
ONLY 0.0000000000001 PEOPLE CAN BEAT THIS LEVEL!!!!
Epic's unreal make all the games almost. That was a law theory! Comic theory!
I keep forgetting how *E P I C* your intro is... I keep rocking out to it every time I hear it
I love how the batreri on the thumnail is a stack of baterrie XD
I actually got that gardenscapes ad for this same f*cking vid! What in f*cks name is this b*llshit
7:18 that seems reasonable considering it goes from left to right and top to bottom similar to reading.  Anecdote: My engineering professor told us to put the most important info there when making a power point presentation
Your talking about the adds right? I play hcr2
I hope they're illegal beacuse I hate them so much
I miss old days where people aren't greedy pigs and just creators trying to make the player very happy and didn't care about money
Speaking of misleading games, theres an ads that you play then get money. Like coin master. WTF MAN THIS IS ILLEGAL
So tack on big financial fines. Make it so it generates revenue to crack down on companies doing this.
Man, this video is EPIC
Love the new intro
My mom and dad actually played Homescapes
Matpat: puts words on the right of the screen Me: aight imma head out
When the mobile ads start to get dealt with I assume it will be similar to what happened with DMCA on twitch
"If you watch youtube on the app, odds are you have seen these adds" Nope. Thank you Youtube Premium!
Sue em for false advertising
What about  ads that copy YOUTUBE VIDEOS
Brawl stars
Brawl stars
Brawl stars
Brawl stars
The best mobile games are made by supercell change my mind
It always amuses and infuriates me when I see random hentai that I looked at the week before as an advertisement to a totally unrelated game. Or something that I know isn't related to a game at all, claiming to be a game's footage.
Put on your headphones and lock your door, you won't last 5 minutes in this game!
The sad thing is that the people clicked the ad because it had the much simpler looking gameplay.  They could have literally just made that the game and it would be successful.   Why bait and switch when you can just bait and profit?  >.<
The word 'epic' lost it's meaning. It used to refer to the type of story that can be best advertised as the "monomyth".
Is intro is SUPER LOUD and I love it and ur youtube channel is great!
It's annoying, but I agree it's not the biggest issue out there lol
EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC!!!!!!!!
'Not all images' implies that some images do represent actual game play, tho
🐕🐕🐕 🐕 🐕🐕🐕 🐕 🐕🐕🐕
They will never get me!
11:20 mark what are you doing
This must stop
The best part was I got two game ads exactly like the ones described midway through the video
Love the intro
1:00 was that a reference to 3 games in less than a second??? Edit: actually 5 game references only in that scene
Some mobile games are actually good, but mobile game ad is bad Edit: I played this game called home scape is good but the help Austin escape is bull poop
Side note to all of this: Cygames releasing stuff on TBD is already a pattern I've seen with them. And that's as someone who loves their games, anime and manga!
So does that mean that one spongebob episode of spongebob and Patrick selling chocolate and advertising the chocolate to that old fish lady saying it would make her younger... was what they were doing illegal then?
I’d like to see terraria theories and dead cells theories as well as the messenger theories, 3 games that u absolutely love and would make amazing anime’s or adult cartoons but I am no where near as good at putting the evidence together like this dude
school is like a fake ad. before you go there it claims to be happy and good but its actually deppresing... and yeah it could be the teachers but dont judge someone when they have problems with school like cmon we probably have been there once
The only games that should be illegal is stealing ads from another game
While I was watching the vid one of those wrongly advertisements just to promote a game
Still can't get over that name of that game
so that's the reason why I see stupid arrows in every single thumbnail, you can watch almost any video and you will see arrows pointing at obvious things like "look where this guy is sitting, you're not gonna believe it" (arrow pointing to a effin cactus), please youtube, get rid of arrows in thumbnails soon!
way to close to home on the state of basically all games ever honestly and that is just a tad to scary for this guy.I’m going back to the days of the original DOOM to heal my tarred soul of the mindless drivel consumers just buy like fools you all drive safe no dlc loot boxes or annoying people hear I come! don’t worry my child daddy’s coming home!
I hate stupid people end of story.
I hate wale’s I know them I hate them I hate them all.addicts.I miss truth.
I miss old life.
Thank you! Finally someone pointed this out
Since 2011? When mr 1 YO
Loving the new intro, know I saw this late, I honestly thought I was done with your content, but I honestly love listening conspiracy theories that are obviously never true (Until they are exactly what what happened END GAME: WHO WILL DIE THEORY.) and that are even backed up by science.
Oh no.... HES DOING AD THEORY!!
The sad thing is my mom plays this game and she's on level 1,684 and she never saw the mini game.sad
Mat should make about a book theory
Everyone: talking about what kind of ads they see  Me using ublock: am I living under a rock?
As a *GAMER* i can *APPROVE* this
I'm watching this video epic
Most of MGAs are targeting kids, and THAT, is illegal    They catfish them, something like that
its called lazy
Sometimes I get mobile games just to prove that the levels that “99.999%” lose are the easiest things ever.
I just saw an ad about being a waifu and seeing who u can go out with guys 😗...
Me with cod m that has no adds: I don't have such weaknesses
tommorow by dawn??? 4:56
Too much EPIC! Buuut what!?
matt ive had 2 accounts yes i can say i know the annotations your talking about your not old were to young
Those ads are why I pay for YouTube premium. I was doing a lot of viewing on a tablet a while back and wanted that garbage to stop. Now I'm back to viewing on my desktop or laptop but I've kept the subscription so the creators I watch can get a little something from me.
I feel bad for hero wars though, they started the whole "pull the key" thing although their mini games are actually pretty numerous and fun. Although their newer ads are very misleading
*turns on adblock*  They won't know what'll hit em.
i remember also seeing one for a nail salon game and the ad was showing really gross content of the nail being cut off so that you could see under the nail bed. makes me sad that kids are also seeing those ads
I love matpat because he makes the most boring things so intertaining
Shout out to Reply All, such a great podcast!
Do an episode on Striders
I was watching and one of those bad game ads popped up
EPIC
"EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC!"
THIS IS WHY I DO NOT TRUST MOBILE GAME ADS  BUT MY FRIEND IS SUCH A GULLIBLE PERSON AND LITERALLY TRUSTS EVERYTHING
Question! I know that there is Game Theory, Food theory, and film theory, but is there a 4th channel? Perhaps there might be a huge theory behind that...
What about the games that offer you money to play? They also use footage from other games but,  they claim to offer money with no limit on withdrawal (which isn't true) and you have to watch hundreds of adds
Can you do a theory about Kid Icarus for explain how Dark Pit even EXISTS
Yeah I played a game called fishdom and it is not a   the same as the add
What about the games that say they are going to pay you and then dont the wife and i have tried to play the games that say they will pay you to play it then once you get close enough to redeem your money you cant get the last $2 or so or even the last $.99 that you need to get ugh!!!!!
This video actually helps alot because I've been getting texts that say my android has a virus
I didn’t think I would find this one interesting but I trusted Matt Pat to not disappoint and I was not disappointed in kind
5:22  Wait that's hustle castle. It WAS a good mobile game. In the past.
I randomly remembered annotations the other day before I watched this and felt really old :/ I’m not old...
Fun fact: The gardenscapes / homescapes mini-games were actually added AFTER the ads had been around. My guess is it was a poor attempt to avoid the controversy.
I was going to make video about that topic, but glad someone with more audience brought it to light. Edit: much much more audience
Can we all just agree playstore game devs are now retarded af?
I have seen bunch of sexual ads. today I seen the most disgusting ad, a girl in a detective office wanting to do disgusting things with detective god I wish I could unsee it! 😡
So where are my Genshin players at?
Banished is awesome. Especially with mods.   Game of Lust ads are what drove me to ad blocker tbh.
I found a game ad that show pokemon but with literal killing enemy's and the game costed a dollar to download but if you looked at the game page for it was completely different
I’ve seen the garden scapes ads and one time in the corner I saw the text “ MAY not accurate to real game”
The CEOs behind such bs apps and ads need get their asses kicked, I feel sorry for the poor coders and designers desperate enough to work on such products .
You won’t last five minutes playing this game!
Stop saying Epic
I wonder how many people got mobile game ads while watching this video
EPIC
thank God it got taken down
I nearly skipped past the intro, I was so convinced that it was an ad for Raid Shadow Legends
I got the runescapes ad on a game
Kings legion is another game that actually incorporates that minigame in their game it can be used to get loot
As soon as I clicked this video a got one of these horrible ads
only 1% can watch this video to the end!! 🤨🧐🧐🧐🧐🧐🧐🧐🧐😱😱
they should make a ad theory
I really like the intro with batim, ddlc, and hello neighbor
Yes UK go
I’ve seen Minecraft copies that literally steal footage from MCYTers, like one ad literally just stole footage from one of LDShadowLady’s One Life episodes
Cant wait for the intro to have the final color!
persecute the crimes!
Good mobile games: minecraft, terriea, and among us Oh yea and probably mario run
2:47 my mom is somewhere at 3490
I'd like to add to this. Most ads also show a person playing the game completely wrong. You then think, "hey, I know I could do better than that ad". So you might buy the game, and see how well you do with it. Idk, just something I thought of
I hate the PLAYRIX company for those annoying and misleading ads
@ 12:45 I believe you meant "the crime that doesn't get prosecuted" not "the crime that doesn't get persecuted".  You mean a crime that doesn't have enforcement, not a crime that doesn't have bad things done to it.
I played Dragon City and there are countless ads of games that can reward you giving money for PayPal and/or Amazon.
Alyssa: only 965  Mothers on candy crush: *weakling*
1:26 de chafe of neveh
Have any of you guys seen that mobile game ad that uses rdr2 scene in it? 😠
Such a EPIC video matpat
This is so true
I see mobile ads on.... MY COMPUTER!
When I was watching this it showed a weird ad
To be honest though gardenscapes was made before all of this ads they also added minigames when they maded ads
Kiss of war ads are annoying af
But if the charges would just be a lot higher for this the government could make a lot of money by charging those mobile ads.
Game theory: "ruining your childhood since 2011"
I find it funny that the thumbnail of this video is misleading lmao    (still a good vid though)
Ok, but what about mobile game apps made in other countries? Don't Parody laws come into play to protect them?  Or better still the Ads that I'm seeing on google/ Google on my phone (yes Youtube)  One day while feeling like the ads were specifically targeted at me...I went to my Goolge browser on my PC which does have an option to turn OFF targeted ads, but here's the kicker...Its already in the OFF position!....so, either A:off is on and On is off (which I don't believe to be likely) B: they have something going on in which the Ads are always On, but the program or browser automatically switches it to the off position upon viewing the option to turn it on/off. Or C: the option to turn off personalized Ads is completely surpurfilus and does not actually function....or dare I say maybe if I turn it on, I'm going to be bombarded with more frequent or Worse Ads? -honestly I'm not willing to try...btw, dident Google get hit with a lawsuit reciently here In the states involving Ads? Thought I'd read something like that.
Finally someone is talking about mobile games!!!!
Hypocrisy at it's finest
Don’t forget the ads where someone uses a magnifying glass to look under a woman’s clothes so they can “find proof that she killed him” those ads are next level cringe. 🤮
99% CAN'T SOLVE THIS  shows a footage where they fail a super easy level
pls do dead cells !! Also good video
Fun fact: In most latin languages, "legal" can mean legality and funny, depending on the context.
I just got a fake game ad
I’m on the uk and I can just say those garden scraped and home scapes still don’t say that and there still the same.
What they did to Banished and Project awakening can be explained like this: “Okay class, open your textbooks, turn to page 46 and today’s word of the day is: Plagiarism, the practice of taking someone else’s work or ideas and passing them off as one’s own.”  Pretty sure the companies of those games have if not are filing lawsuits as we speak.
Ayy, look it’s Cybert making another Cameo!! 7:07
Me who recently got Premium: 👁👄👁
0:59 The epic fusion of michael and monica.
I want these to be illegal so they Will not be seen
And the thing that i ABSOLUTELY HATE ARE THE FREAKING ADS THAT SAY, oH yOu cAn wIn rEaL  mOnEy iF yOu pLaY 1 sEcOnD oF tHiS gAmE
Nooooo!!! My boy gardenscapes😭😭😭😭
*laughs in Youtube Premium*
RAID
Its called false advertisement and it is illegal, red bull got sued for their slogan, and redbull lost
OK i definitely see those kinds of ads on my phone but you got one thing wrong. These ads are not just in mobile i also see them on the pc
FTC.. Flight team stand up
Mat: *sees mobile game ads* Mat also: Ima end this mans whole career
0:33 Dani joins the chat
the dislikes are from the advertisers
1:41 -misleading- cringy.
Welp, I was watching an video and an ad appeard, but the ad was about that "rule" if you now what i'm talking about
There's more ads than click bet
Just don't play them. 🤔 Job done.
I know the technic mentioned as fail faster. check it out on yt. Good to watch
ងវងថ៥តតត
My 7 year old sister saw that stupid Hero Wars ad and downloaded it but she actually played it for months and now she learned how to swear, my life is guinely horrible because of these ads
That got me once 👎😠👎
If i saw this i point my middle finger
Im gonna make a game called towers n' bosses no copying okay...! I,m watching you.... 👀👀👀
i know how to not get ads
mattpat i agree with you.i absolutely hate this type of ad.this happened only ones with me.those are very very misleading.but the question is why google play allows them?why they don't take any action?
Some even pretend the adds can be played only to be sent to the app store
Misleading is clickbate
Hm, I guess the majority of viewers are from the US, but watching these theories from Europe (with different laws and regulations) it's kinda meh...
99.9% cant solve this puzzle
0:07 Not gonna lie : that cat is, indeed, epic 😼
Yeah it’s all those games where it is a city builder but it gets lame bc you never run out of wood and stone and the pvp is so boring
🚔🚔🚔https://youtu.be/Y5RNd3E3UFo
10:26 Wouldn't mental health count like you download a mobile game that you want to release stress or so and you get something different maybe built trust issues and so
I literally got one of these ads whilst watching this OMFG
This is so much the true
I don't trust ads that don't show gameplay, nor do I trust reviews. I watch gameplay of said game to make an opinion about it.
True we only see mobile ads on mobile Youtube, actually we only see ads on mobile Youtube because who doesnt have adblocker installed on PC?
It's not illegal if they're not as fast as you
I love how u said all mobile game ads  But supercell over here making legit adds lol
Anyone getting those ads recently like... “I found a game for buddies!”  “You basically control a ball with telekinesis, or your finger..” “Whatever that you can” And it’s always in a child’s voice which has been moved up an octave
A few weeks ago I got an "ad" that I wasn't aware that it was a mobile strategy game at first but the "ad" was literally a live action trailer and I was like "WHOA THAT GAME LOOKS AMAZING" but then found it what it really was and as you can imagine, very dissapointed.
TL;DR: those ads are for retarded player with too much money on their hands.
The intro was    EPIC
Llama.
Why's it feel like these theories are filler episodes while we wait for the next fnaf theory?
#plsendfakeads
Everytime I clicked a video that has explain of mobile games I get an mobile games ad 2x
Omg the youtube annotations I'm not even that old but I just noticed you don't see them anymore
You should make a book theory.
Lily's Garden ads were actually fun to watch It didn't have anything related to the game But it actually told a story through adult jokes
EPIC
on the topic of fake apps with stolen ads to all the fnf fans out there there's that mod friday night funkin launcher thing that flippin steals other people's animations from flippin youtube
I remember annotations. I kinda miss them. I remember watching a Tobuscus video and there would be like, 15 annotations on the edges of the screen.
Wait annotations got removed? I just thought people stopped using them...
i miss the old days when games where original
I just hate when ads are not honest about their game, especially when they steal ads from other games and that their own game is complete dumpster garbage. This is not something I would ever teach my kid if I were to have one, instead insult this common practice and tell my kid never to do this.
Dont u hate it when u get fake ads?
EPIC
Man i love YouTube premium
When you mentioned annotations my mind fluttered into the past.
im watching this on a laptop but i stiss get those adds
I had to use the Brave browser so that I can escape from that Ad Hell
yeah yeah i know we are all wondering what happened to the youtube a.i
tbh the gambling games like blackout bingo and coin makers need to be looked into 😭
I have premium, I haven't seen an ad in 10 years.  No cable, no commercials.  Netflix and Disney+, no ads.  If there's an ad, I'm deleting the app. Simple.
WAIT IS THAT THE BAT FROM YOOKA LAYLEE
So Yes there are technically illegal just not illegal enough... like if a cop see's a jay walker and a speeder there both breaking the letter of the law but one is endangering lives the other is now the type of  life there endangering...
This is one of those matpat videos where you _hope_ he’s right
All the mobile games company is getting lazier.... Except some
Man I hate them and they need to DIE those type of advertising’s
Dude what really triggers me is that these games keep polluting the App Store. It wouldn’t be that maddening if they covered all the other games, that are actually made by hardworking and sincere game developers. I give you an example, Genshin impact, an open world rpg which far exceeds what these games offer, but still doesn’t make “Top mobile games”. The only reason I feel that these games gets downloads, is due to the large audience of youth that are being tricked into these games, and have to deal with shitty games for their childhood.
Mobile games and mobile game ads are basically like scams then. And it's either one falls for it or not.
If every mobile add was formatted the same way internet historian does his you could be sure people are going to be engaged
I found his first vid on this channel
CODM has the legit ads and game     I love CODM
Omg. Thank you!!!!!    We are FINALLY  talking about this.   Reminds me how other apps like about what they are about
BIG EPIC
Gardenscapes was good before the bad adds
I hate those sort of ads. I get them all the time! ☹️☹️
This is why I don’t play mobile games besides roblox!
Youtube cracks down on content creators for making "objectionable" content to appease ad companies, and THESE are the kind of ads that YT pushes on us.
Those UK folks are lucky.
The most annoying one is the vodo bcuz the ads are rapid
The times I've seen these ad's are outrageous
I hate the ads with the fake x button and you click it it brings you to the game, it's annoying
0:43 why does this remind me of the amzing world of Gumball
Simons cat story time is promising and also no ads no in app purchases and it’s on Apple Arcade
Ugh. Those ads that say "only GENIUSES can solve this puzzle" really get under my skin. I know what they are doing and I've never clicked on a single ad like that. But there's this little Scrappy-Doo voice in the back of my head shouting "let me at 'em! I'll give 'em what for!!"
These are the games you want to own and play a lot believe it. Halo Chief Collection. Doom Eternal. Silent Hill 2 & 3. Resident Evil Biohazard. Silent Hill Downpour. Friday Thirteenth Game. Batman Return To Arkham City. Call Of Duty Zombie Chronicals. Lego Marvel Collection. Lego Star Wars Complete Saga. Lego Batman Beyond Gotham. Silent Hill Home Coming. Dead By Daylight. Resident Evil Jill Valentine. Batman Arkham City.  none of these games will do you wrong but always keep a recite after buying a new game just in case.   🎮🕹🎲♠️♥️♦️♣️
nah my mobile games is legally knockoff, for example genshin impact, onmyoji arena, 7DS grandcross UwU
Just turn on airplane mode for I phone then you won’t have internet or adds
Imagine if this video condemning mobile games were sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends - like all the videos that are neither sponsored by Raycon, nor by NordVPN 😹
These sorts of ads are probably really bad for the health of the mobile games industry in the long run - at least my experience is the presumption that every single word of an advertisement for a mobile game is going to be a lie.  So, I guess if some game advertises itself as the most mediocre game ever released, it will probably be an instant download for me.
Only MatPat can connect biology to lazy mobile game ads
Add a public comment
Who else saw the mini Spring/Scraptrap on the table turning the intro?
It evolving, just backwards
I hope this comment section is still active because I want to find this game that was used in a fake ad and would love to know which one it is, so if you can help please keep reading! It was a math based game where you had your own tower and had to defeat a series of towers by dragging and evolving your army in order to increase your team’s strength. And as you progressed your tower grew.
s/persecuted/prosecuted
Tell me why they do this to other YouTubers like Aphmau,Preston and many others. One of those ads is call red among us killer they took Aphmau's footage off her minecraft among us video and used it for their advertisements.
When ever I see the adds, I think to myself, "I'm not going to download this game ever." And I don't.
Hey do a part 2 becuase I literally just. Found mobile legends my uncle loves the game and the ad is nothing like the game
What about when a mobile game ad says to tap or do something that requires touching the screen AND you do it but you end up going to the appstore instead
Oh god I hate all the cringe that mobile games had
what should be illegal is when its a game demo and when you click it takes you straight to the play store
Why are there so many bots lmfao
I feel there's also something to be said about "frustration based advertising".  I've noticed some games recently start running ads with simple puzzles on paper, but as soon as someone tries to do them "herp derp, I don't know how to solve this one", like a 3 column by 2 row match three that has a SUPER obvious answer, but nope, they can't do a damn thing, and it's like they're tempting people with short tempers (like me) to do better.
Lily's Garden is actually a really fun game I'm on level 1300ish? you don't have to spend any money you're constantly getting Rewards there is a story behind it. Lily's Garden official fan page even says to watch out for fake ads.
FBI OPEN UP!
(TheOdd1sOut likes this)
I love when MatPat picks up a phone and it has The Epic of Stew with a download button.
when brought up scapes ads were brought up i wanted to throw up absolutely disgusting 🤢🤮
I remember the YouTube analytics
More Zelda/Mario theories pl0x
woag. everything is epic.
Banished is definitely not relaxing
The collored boxes were so annoying but i kinda miss them.
Honestly the thumbnail gave off weird bondage vibes
I had to watch 1:31 over and over again it was too funny
Me playing the Mobile Game which is demonstrated for being false promotion, while listening to the video.
Pray on the stupid they say, and yeah they did. Should we blame them, well both sides at fault from how I see it, the only solution is to learn to be smart with your choices but I know idiots won't bother learning anyway so they would continue to get scammed if they so choose. And for kids, it's obviously the parent's fault 1000%.
I had a game ad that said I'd get alzheimers if I didn't solve the puzzle.
This channel needs a discord because it would help make more theorys
Lol My step father is on level 4801 on gardenscapes
D                                D
Lol
well all this is true, i just turn off wifi to not get adds.
E P I C
Don’t forget about copyright infringement
Guess what popped up after this video
Im Scared To open Youtube nowadays Because Of the amount of fake ads I get On each Video i want to watch
The funny part is that I actually thought the opening was a weird ad.
"THERES ONE WORD THAT CAN DESCRIBE ITTTTTTT" "EPIC EPIC EPIC" me: "isnt that 3 words"
Noice
Save the girl is a real one and finally like fake  ads
I got an ad some time ago where it showed gameplay of a YouTuber who I think is called Jelly if I remember correctly and he was playing human fall flat. It was another one of those terrible “.io” games that the same developers make every day after about 30 mins of coding
7:07 Dan cybert?! Go back to losing your sanity at FNAF fan games!
(10:48) My mom would actually be dumb enough to click on it despite me telling her a million times not to.
Mobile games in a nutshell:It’s evolving,just backwards
Alyv
Would be fun to try and sue one of those companies for "false advertisement". People sued Red Bull because "the drink didnt actually give them wings", why cant I sue one of those shitstain Chinesse compaines for showing atrocious ads down my throat?
You can turn off your internet while playing one of these games to not experience ads every 30 seconds
Some ads are great. But  94% ads are just trash.
That's how mafia works
I build colonies in Minecraft
Fellow me guys 😘😘😘
as I was watching this I literally got three of those STUPID ADS!!!
Dude you should make a music theory channel that... theorises music and music videos just to finish up the circle
Well you have a point in misleading ads but what about inappropriate ads?!! How are they legal??  If the game is for kids then why are advertisers showing kids inappropriate content?
Imagine using epic unironically
Matt will be my lawyer
This was hilarious....  "Eventually *pullups add*   "Eventually they will Im a big kid now"
I never got one add here on this video ofc
Cant we find the actual game by screenshoting, the search by image?
That comment was epic
I always got ads about "mom vs dad" and "99.99% cant pass lvl 1" or "I bet you cant get to lvl 2" and these ads are just stupid.
You are Raids Shadow Legends positive.
I’ve found a game for baddies
Game ads:*learns click bait* The entire multi verse:F*ck this s*it I am out
7:35 did anybody notice the Bendy and the ink machine wrench?
Glad I Am Roblox Player (Mobile) Dont Have Add :D
I see Lily's Garden.     *I am offended.*
Ｅ Ｐ Ｉ Ｃ
When he was talking of evolution, the only thing that came to my mind was  It's evolving, just backwards
Mobile games suck usually the no ads thing is a scam
Game Theory: Are Your Mobile Games ILLEGAL? I'm sure a few of them border on 'probably' in a grey area, but another good question... "Are Your Mobile Games ETHICAL?"  ....probably a resounding "NO"
0:48 i like how u can see a plush of spring Bonnie opening his mouth
1:31 why
The fake trailer sounds like a ripoff of barney stinson grow how I met your mother
Why is no one doing nothing? Cause the people who wants to do something about it doesn’t have to voice or the popularity for it
I could tell you why mobile game ads are lies, but you are probably the dad in the ads that has an IQ lower than a literal tree
I know what it's like the ads bad and once I played a game like this nothing like play mobile legends or roblox
Glad this has been discussed
The intros back
The measly chain phylogenetically curve because halibut connoly trap plus a fanatical ruth. evasive, unkempt edward
Glad you're pointing this out. However you never mentioned the one your icon had the picture of.
I miss the old ads a 100% gameplay
There are to many remakes of dragon city.
Lol i just got an ad for a mobile game and the ad had a women and you had two options, Spit Or kiss Theres no way these are allowed.
I always laugh when I read "Ruining your childhood since 2011"
I will admit, I kinda wanted to download one of those puzzle games after playing a mini game ad, good thing I didn’t- 😂
Lol
"And why isn't anybody doing anything to stop it?" Well, the German youtuber Malternativ critisizes these misleading ads in his videos, he also points out if there are games of chance marked "appropriate for all ages" and designed as kids apps and reports those. I'd say he's had a decent success in the past, as many apps are restricted for younger ages now. The misleading apps haven't stopped though...
these Ads Are cringier Than Matpat
The game add: revenge of the Sith  The game: the last Jedi
there was an Ad abt a woman with her chest being rubbed, it was absolutely disgusting. It was called college idle i think,  I'll editor i got that wrong :| also there was an Ad about erasing womens clothes for getting money?!???  It's absolutely disgusting please report these ads of you've seen them
I use a pc... AND I STILL GET THESE MOBILE ADDS
I saw an ad that used someone’s animation. Funny thing is I watched that animation before. So I knew.
I knew matpat is gonna tackle this subject someday
Lmao i have adblocker
Minecraft fans Sees normal fake ad: eh Minecraft fans sees minecraft fake ad: avengers level threat
PVZ ad: Zombie and Plants introduction, gameplay is show  on screen, epic effects, cool concept, definitely worth downloding  Ads nowadays: "OMG this game just got an update.. hmmm lemme see. Oh no! My defenses!... aha! Download this game now" -- not worth your time
Me who plays Arknights and Girls' Frontline who lives to cope from excessive depression everyday : Yeah, about that...
And then you get the Warpath add in the video.
This is not a theory
so annoying when your playing a game and you get about a million ads before you can even play the game
I want to kill these ads
The intro is like a VanossGaming intro from 2014
A stick is not epic is the worst stick ever
The nine shadow booly claim because plywood thessaly tickle below a ritzy cup. upbeat, poor caption
OMG I WENT TO THE DESCRIPTION!
Sensible people : Stop Mobile Game Companies : We will only stop once we have the MONEH!!
When matpat nods to rick and morty with the (loser) part of the intro
Wait, somebody did make the puzzle game? Hero Rescue? Should I check it out?
F in the chat for bottom, right and more than 2 arrows.
i playing the games AND THE ADDS IS NOT FOR KIDS or there are not real game              humans will do a lot of lying if humans wants some cash
and there is the new "ad template" of towers that on each floor there is enemies...
Some other ads that are extremely misleading in at least the UK are mouthwash ads, most notably Listerine ones. Mouthwash doesn’t actually get rid of as many germs as it says, and if you do use it less then around an hour after brushing your teeth, it will wash off all of the toothpaste, which ultimately makes your teeth worse as they aren’t being cleaned properly.
4:15 but isn’t that against copyright laws ?
I got a rise of kingdoms ad
What gets on my nerves with some mobile ads is that they have a eraser or a magnifying glass and they put it up to a woman. (It shows underneath their clothes) then moves it to their breasts or wherever else then moves it away tempting people to download it so they can see the girls body.
They are so bad.
Am I the only one who wants MatPat to talk about what would happen if companies stopped advertising
I finally got rid of these idiotic ads now
Well. All Mobile games suck anyway lol.
this adds are the reasons people should buy youtube premium
I think I saw a fake add too
I being a mobile gamer or like sometimes mobile player hate app store games.
so this means raid is better than those games?
Lol I got alot of these ads on insta and I literally called them out on their lies and they deleted my comment, sad life
Good to call them out !
I have seen lots of garden scape ads ... they are starting to make me nauseated... and there was a fish one that never had what the ad said ... and a caveman one that promised sexual stuff that never happens in the full game .. ( dont care about the sexual stuff . ) sometimes i dont mind that they are different from the ad...
They evwn copy of other games also
When the video started I was legit looking for the Skip Ad button.
Clash of clans  Lol I'ma head out
These games should be banned from app stores
Raid shadow epic
please let them be illegal.
So in short whales are seen by evil game devs as the most stupid people yet.
Ya that happen to me 40 time like thay say like ho her hers a stolan add and download the game so we gat money
The dude at the beginning: *disappointed because the game was not the same as the ad* Me: "Join the club."
Ive had the same problem from a game called homescapes
you sad AD is illegal 30 meinuts later garden scape pop-dup !!
It could be even more epic  the intro if it said EPIC LOSER
Soo.......Austin....about ShoddyCast....WHAT. IN. THE. HELL. IS. GOING. ON. WITH. THE .CHANNEL!!!
This is why we use adblocker
This is EPIC!!!
I hate those Ads They don't respect our womens bodies
I turn my wifi off on offline ad games
Not going to lie, I quite like the Lily’s garden ads, as well as the game
gardenscapes and homescapes actually used to have normal, relevant ads (they were very common to get when you hit that “watch an ad” button in mobile games)
YouTube deleted their comment lol.
This is not a theory its a problem :0
There’s this one weird game that pops up on kids apps a lot. Something that’s about erasing something I’m the context of little mind puzzles. They straight up erase clothing in the ad
I just got the rise of kingdoms game add watching this
2012: we have a good mobile ads the game is the same as an ad 2021: I have bad mobile ads its not the same as an ad
Yeah *EPIC!*      *FAIL*
Some even try to use brain games to you that means they make ads where they do so many wrong thinks that they make you  to download them to fix the wrong thinks
Ok though, the fact that some mobile games BLATANTLY lie to you about gameplay REALLY gets on my nerves. (Also I want a pull the key game and I’m sad I can’t find a real one that’s good, I like the concept of a puzzle like that) I always see CAN’T REACH PINK COLOR
Do anyone think too that minecraft's google play copies are bad. Some of them are just clean copies with other textures and other app name. BUT google don't remove these. Money, only money and user's data. This is what google only wants. (Sorry for bad English)
I've seen those split ads before. I used to see multiple ads for a single game, some where the "player" plays it terribly, and some where the "player" plays it well. I've also seen multiple ads for a game where one ad had censored nudity in it, and other ads of that same game did not.
That intro was EPIC.
Dog are strongger then cat But Tiger are strongger then wolf     Ima the only cat gang here
The number of dislikes are the people who enjoy downloading the ads
Do you know dani he made karlson and he saw his game on a ad 😡( his game karlson is only on pc)
This is what I've been thinking Matt. Like why, just why. Why would they even do something like this.
Mobile Game Ads then: Epic Supercell ads Mobile Game Ads now: Level 1 Crook (Money Falls on him) Level 100 Mafia Boss (Valentino Khan-Pump plays)
The EPIC seen is funny
Never knew Mark’s name was actually Oliver Stevens
I feel your pain mat about the adds
"How is this Legal?"   Well, it's not.
Am I the only one that jams out to the game theory intro?
Yo your right 😮
Yay! I was wondering why they kept doing this. I learned a lot, thanks, Mat.
I've been playing homescapes and I encounter those "minigames" ALOT
Omori
One time I looked at an add and I almost died laughing. The footage was for a building game and they decided to use footage from a YouTube video... of MINECRAFT 😂😂🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
i play homescapes and i have never got the pull the key or the give them the idem they need and im on level 748
some games are true
HI
I have just watched a mobile add. YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO DESTROY THE THINGS NOT ADD THEM TO YOUR VIDEO?!!
there is an add which literally just plays a video of age of empires 2 and they call it their own game
So a good analogy would be people who invites you for coffee bur actually wants to sell you insurance. The "coffee invitations" are the ads here.
I feel like the App Store shouldn’t allow games that pretend to pay.
Aye leave Lily gardens alone. They kinda have some of the content in the game
Me who was youtube premium:  😏
Make this illegal.. *NOW*
And then you have those fake playable ads that take you to the app store when you try and play them.
matpat: misleading ads. me: laughs in adblocker
About two or three months ago I was seeing on YouTube Mafia City, it's another misleading false advertising ad, makes it look like a one-on-one or a role-playing kind of game or gives you options to pick what you want to say kind of stuff, then we go on there it's kind of like that farm game or something like you have to build up your city and your crew, then there's packets you could purchase $0.99 up to $99.99, I am on a group or two on Facebook of this game and I asked who spends money and who doesn't on this game, there's a lot that are like elite players and they spend like thousands, I probably spent roughly 20 bucks maybe less the whole 3 months and I might be just stopping because it's taken way too much time to build then get attacked you have to watch your back throughout the day, so very very time consuming but again it wasn't with the advertising was, look up Mafia City tried to see some ads and then go download or see how the game is really about
Wait, Wait, Wait, does this mean that food ads are illegal???
Short answer: Yes.
It sucks being a mobile gamer with all these cringe ads and low effort games. I'd be a PC or switch gamer, but I don't have the money. The only hope for mobile gaming relies within emulation.
Matpat: These ads are illegal Me: haha adblock go brrr
#Dieta Coke
The homescapes ads make me so angry. It's not even a better version of the same game, it's a completely different game. I would PLAY if they were actually what that appear to be. Makes me grr.
I saw a fall guys knockoff use the fall guys trailer
Mobile game ads: Exist. Matpat: That's not how mafia works!
This video was cool and all but I still can’t reach pink color🙄🙄🙄🙄
You want to experience bad,misleading,and clickbait games the mobile play store has you covered
When you thought that the beginning was actually a real commercial.
My mom is on level 3000+ on Homescapes lol
11:16 Markiplier!?? What the hell are you doing in my DMs!??!?
Well day z and it was a different gameplay
*E P I C*
0:38 so true
This one is not a theory. It's TRUE and I hate how you cant do anything about it. It shows that this world is not perfect. No one cares or wont/cant do anything. If you ask me a good game is original, not filled with ads, and how they treat their community. Developers who see what the community likes, dislikes, and wants to see in the game or taken out. My biggest question is how are these games so popular yet filled with ads and hav at least 3.5 stars. It just doesn't add up.
There’s one game a tree two games that do not trick you with dad’s Dan The Man and Roblox
me with an ad blocker:  Pathetic
7:05 i really miss annotations, they were so fu*king useful.
What about the new Holdem Texas taking rdr2 for the advert including speech dialogue
Should have done a collab with legaleagle
when I see a lot of ads I fell they kinda dumb.
Ad:BOWMASTERS NEW TOXIC MODE Me:*gets on BOWMASTERS* um there is no toxic mode
My little baby kitten is stronger than a big golden retriever so my cat is stronger then any dogs I know :/
did anyone see the epic of stew
MARKIPLIER!!! 11:16
Ngl when the two arrows popped up i accidentally scrolled down XD
Bro I’m on lvl10000 and I have only seen 3 and yes I have a lot of time in quarantine
I could have literally stopped at the end of the intro. That was so good lol *LOSER*
*cough* League of Legends *cough*
worst ads of all: the fake x button.
Sus
yes
the best game is dokkan battle. it doesnt have ads. i think
There’s 4 different add the add that lets u play the regular add the fake adds and the adds that send u to the AppStore without touching the flipping screen
So mobile game puzzle ads are the crab of ads like crabs are the end point of all evolution
HAHAH THAT WAS HILARIOUS
Epic
This was an amazing episode.
Nah i have premium.
1:37 I took my hands and buried my head in then screamed result=AJSGSGDGDGDG
When the match.com profile is markiplier
Ight was that a suble warriorcat reference before the intro or am i just delutional
For christ's sake dude, Homescapes and Gardencrap have over 100 million people who downloaded it, at least they can hire a decent editor to make their game look good.
#Stopmisleadingadds
Do brawl stars
OOF.. clash of clans and clash royale ... those are epic games that have these problems, the games r good though
ngl that was pretty epic,
I like how.halfway through the vid i get an ad for a mobile game which is copying footage from another mobile game
My mom was playing homescapes for a year and shes at level 6221 and only got the puzzles from the ads once
epic meme
This video is E P I C
11:16 The real Markiplier messaged me!
What I don't really get is why these ads appear so much on the computer version of Youtube.
it's because internet laws are literally dinosaurs 🤩👊🏻
There is a raid shadow legends ad running around where it uses the gag from Indiana Jones where on guy swings his sword around all fancy and then the other person just shoots them
DO NOT COMENT ON THIS
But surely the ones who use footage from other games are violating more than just fae advertising laws right? There must be copyright issues as well
i had no idea this was an issue. ive been a proud user of adblocker since it came out.
What does the blue logo mean >:(
The roomy giant uniquely file because panties cellularly stamp afore a childlike asphalt. military, light hexagon
Why can't the forth of the circle be toy theory 😒
Make a Zardy's maze game theory.
11:15 markiplier
Youtube better stop those kind of ads…
youtube is honestly getting weird now a days like honestly the very sexualizing ads i find and the fact that if your shoulder is our in a YouTube video BOOM demonetized
realizing there are no ads  described in one word: EPIC
My mum is on level 1429
lol i'm too poor to play pay to win games XD
🥲🥲please kill all of these ads
wait. annotations dont exist anymore? i remember it like it was yesterday, and im not even 13
i want to go back to the good l days where ads were actually good and not misleading
a couple years back my mom had a phone that culd support firtnite so i yoinked my moms phone and as the easily distracted person that i am i played a different game and saw an ad for fortnite and when i pressed the ad to instal i downloaded it and it just showed me a p*rn website
The thing that mat pat should do is about mobile games that steal content from other mobile games yet they never get sued for it. Such like many kingdom building games or like another game that copies the same game three times to trick the person to think it is a different game but it isn't. Example is pluto rim they have three games that are basically the same game
I’m also using Siri
Figure out their plan to rake ads and stuff they have to test their heads for a couple years and then soon they’ll make him Spence of you have to pay more money like the games so maybe that’s what they’re doing and that’s their secret queen
Nearly everyone got that one ad where it says....PRESS TO PLAY DEMO but it just takes you to install the game It’s just really stupid😂
What about the super amazing end card tournament?
oooooooooooooooooooooooof lol
You can do anything in this world Simps: GIMME SOME OF THAT ANIME GIRL
At the time of writing this comment I am actually on level 1000+ of GardenScapes... but I love the game nonetheless, I downloaded it BEFORE the misleading ads
Fun fact:lilys garden was suppose to just be a misleading ad but became much more than that and people like bijuu loved the story animations of it
'' And that dogs are better than cats ''  [cat will remember that]
"Power gamers" are usually known as "whales".
Who has seen the ad with the person getting 50 iPhone 12 and then saying to a random person, Look at this cool game, you can win iPhones!!!!
7:04 I haven't seen those translucent tabs for a while
Okay you NEED to do a theory on danganronpa pleaseeeee 🥺❤😁🙏
The intro sounds like a Rick and morty intgalactic  cable add 😂😂
I saw a that took aphmaus video for there's game and I played it it's not the ad.
13:33 make that the motto of the Food Theory channel (slightly alter it first)
they should make a comment section for adds change my mind
HEY HEY HEY! HOLD EVERYTHING! THIS ISN'T A "GAME THEORY" IT'S A AD THEORY! THIS IS MISLEADING AND I'M REPORTING TO THE FTC!!!1!!!!!!1!!!!
Tip: Get in contact with Memeify or Grandayy and ask them for advice for the opening segment,  it's funny, but if you get help from people whose whole channel is that content it could be a lot better.
Haha the UK is *actually* doing something abt this stuff :D
As I was watching this video I got one of those adds
FINALY someone standing up to the iOS and Android
Bro I got an add of 2 people making out in a zombie game :/
3:38  The picture on the right reminds me of Virgil from Sandersides....
My mom plays gardenscapes...she played it before these dumb ads and she's level 5000+ somehow without spending a cent
Mobile ads are like Add : mr beast Gameplay:morgs
It’s really disappointing I use to play homescapes and they had ads that stayed true to itself but now I don’t even want to play it when I see the ad anymore
I was on youtube one time and I saw a corn ad and it had no blur,  I am 25, but kids can see this!
Is this why all of Game Theory's video titles sound like low-effort clickbait?
Don't lie his theme song sounds like a song for geometry dash
just noticed i watched a video on unbelievably garbage mobile apps and proceeded to get extra ads on mobile
Ya I already new they should have been illegal
There is one that I swear uses video footage from Microsoft Age of Empires and I am just baffled as to why MS never filed a lawsuit against them. Or maybe they did because I haven't seen that one in a few months.
The Kazooie-Laylee graphic warmed the cockles of my heart.
Lol
Likee should be banned. They make fake profiles to comment and look at your streams so they get good reviews from you and therefore more installs.
YouTube deleted its comment. Wack.
Am I the only one who’s reminded of Danny’s ads?
Hmmmmmmm,maybe that game make those TERRIBLE ads so we can talk about it how it's bad and promote the game in that way🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
This video was sponsored by RAID: Shadow Legends
Nah only game I play is Minecraft
What about stealing footage that belongs to other companies?
I saw a poker game ad that literally used footage from RDR2. I can't even put into words how disappointed I was.
Play Dragon Raja its good game its fun and cool and it doesn't trick you with its add
Play Dragon Raja its good game its fun and cool and it doesn't trick you with its add
I got one of the terrible ads while watching this video. Why.
Intro so true
Kiss of War has some of the most outrageous ads that are inappropriate. Look at the ads for yourself. These kind of ads should be banned.
0:43 Jerry Smith
Wish be like      Oh no
bro i used to play the original gardenscapes from like 2014 or something.
I remember seeing a video on a advertisement using a Mario fan made animation by level1up.
7:03 RIP annotations
I keep getting ads for a poker game where they use rdr2 footage for the ad and say it is their's
14 MILLION HYYYPE
I've been playing Township for years now; off and on. I love the game and it's honestly a bit of my childhood. I just wish they were more honest with their adds. :I  They also made Garden Scapes and Home Scapes.
When I was watching this I literally saw an ad like these ones pop up.
I miss the good old times when mobile games actually were good like clash Royal and clash of clans
Normally, when a mobile add comes up, I watch it just because its strange gameplay, fake or real. A while ago, I saw loads of mobile game makers make adds that look very similar to Mafia City. What strange times.
So this one time this card game stole footage to a western game
The Lily's garden ads are so creepy. they have a whole story line where she cheats on her boyfriend, gets pregnant, struggles to tell him, finally tells him, they get engaged, he finds out she cheated, he leaves her, she has the baby and idk what happens next but that's just what's in the ads. i played lily garden once and it has nothing to do with any of that, but how is this appropriate to be shown on apps used by children?
Me when I herd that Homescaps and Gardenscapes got banned in the UK Me: UK HERE I COME!
8:52 so like fortnite?
I love dragons look at my name XD isn’t it     EPIC
NO!!!! These games are ROBBERY, and they should ALL be taken down!!! This is exploitation at its FINEST. 100% CRIMINAL!!!
.
Found a hello fresh ad the other day that blatantly stole the BotW cooking sound effect
Was that scribblenauts?
we need more clash of clans adds
The unbelievably ironic thing is, I used to play Gardenscapes simply because I really like the idea of garden and house refurbishing. I got past level 3000 I think, simply because it was something fun to play when I was on the toilet. And then these scammy and inappropriate ads started occurring. I just told them that I'm not playing the game until they stop lying and seeing that they haven't stopped lying...well, I have better things to do, I suppose.  oh yeah btw, when they started advertising these things, there was no such thing as mini games. None of that existed. I don't know what the state of the game is now but I doubt it's got mini games such as that, not even in a medium quantity.
do that to use the hero rescue
how to stop ads: turn off ur wifi
That intro over there on The Game theorists?  *EPIC*
coughHOMESCAPEScough
i keep seeing that "pull the keys" add, and wanting to play it, but my phone has no memory to download it. Thanks a lot Mario Kart Tour! (A game i actually throw money at!)
Who said the bit about "a crime not persecuted..", I need a source for an argument
THANK YOU!!! thank god someone is bringing this up I HATE these mobile games ads!
Ok but geshen impact or however it's spelled it actually good ngl
99 percent of this viewers can't watch the full video  Hold my beer
lmao I got an adblocker
I got a mobile ad from puzzles & survival
Oh I get A/B testing is, it's like like and dislike but likes has more you know likes
oh so like freemium games like the south park episode about it you could of referenced
I agree
I appreciate that this video has no ads
Yes it’s so annoying these ads are so lazy
Yep
0:28 Google Pixel, nice 👍
ironically, if you search halo 5 on xbox one the game trailer doesn't have any campaign gameplay its just footage from online multiplayer. not misleading nor accurate, but the second part is probably because im trash at first person shooters.
i once saw an ad that was for a racing mobile game that was just forza horizon 4 gameplay with editid on buttoons and was just a scam for you to add your phone number so they can send you adds
“The thing that is most epic is In your pocket” hmmm U kinda sus
Oh my God someone finally made a video about it
*EPIC* ...games
has coopa been stopped no
I3stars: allow me to introduce myself
Not going to lie, this video is EPIC
2:47 965? My mom is at level 3000
The "looossseeerrr" from Rick and Morty was so great. You made us all a Jerry lol
The perpetual sofa focally bathe because color taxonomically amuse atop a foregoing aries. sudden, psychotic fuel
0:41 relatable.
Hey MattPatt could you do a theory about my yt channel???
HEy matpat, do you remember this?: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCYqk3-lUTY
This is a reply to your Mega man 5 got banned theory video:  This has already been discussed before at length with Mega Man fans that know a great deal about the games, including people who live overseas, specifically Vietnam and other parts of Asia. This info is INCORRECT. Your premise is INCORRECT, and I don't know why you won't take this down or re-edit it (other then to monetize false info). Rockman 5, along with MANY other Rockman titles, never came to a variety of Asian countries. While Napalm Man's level does resemble Vietnam and likely was inspired by it, it has NO evidence suggesting this was "banned" or wasn't released because of this. Just wanted to clear things up for anyone out there.
down, matpat really do be summarizing ads and the actual gameplay in a lot of no better worded clickbaity ads, honestly some of the gameplay in the ads are cool and could be used.
2:40 Wait, you’ve  gotten this twice?! I’ve never gotten this!
Please do a theory on tabs and storian shows lots of lore please I need a tabs theory
EPIC
Sup with the Pixels?
matpatt have you ever played plants vs zombies?
https://youtu.be/k9pSpMSZTHU
Lmao I got one of the adds for this video
This video was EPIC
2:10 look at the shape of those rockets on the left
MatPat can you make a theory about the lore of chess?
Other things I hate about mobile game ads: - When they show a fake minigame that really just takes you to the app store. - When they show a fake X in the corner that really just takes you to the app store. - When you get an ad for a game you already own, ON THE EXACT GAME IT'S ADVERTISING. - When a mobile game ad is obnoxiously long and you can't skip it. - How they make the "gameplay" on the ad extremely simple yet show someone doing really bad on it to tempt you to buy it because you can obviously do it better. - Everything about them, they the scum of the earth and were probably created in the depths of hell.
the game theory intro is so good, the only thing that needs to be added is something fnf (friday night funkin) related
While watching this i got an ad for garden scapes that clearly had nothing to do with it. It just had some bald guy tidying a house then a dragon flew out of the corner and he shot it with a conviniently placed crossbow and carried on tidying
God Pyrocynical would love this intro
New Chanel Idea: Net Theory. Where you talk about internet mysteries.
good job mat pat
brb moving to the uk so i dont have to look at misleading ads
Only the games i pirate are illegal and the movie apps that Pirate movies are everything else nah
I love the video.I got a question who is the crying child talking to with the Freddy plushie who is speaking it through the Freddy plushie
_the man behind the ads_
Can you make a theory about the new binding of Isaac because of the new dlc
the worst ones are the ones u can play and then u click contuine and it takes u to the app store! so annoying tricking me
I got subnautica recently and while i was ℤ𝕆𝕆𝕄𝕀ℕ𝔾 around a question appeared in my mind: what medical problems would happen to your body living mostly under water for so long. Obviously your bones would suffer just like the people on the ISS, but what else would happen? Could we even walk on the islands after being underwater for so long?
Mat make a video about omega mall and talk about what's happening in the commercial
Pls do something on Squirrel stapler, it is very messed up and i want to understand
This is how neural networks work!
Game Theory you should do a theory on Willie's Wonderland
9:20 oh wow that’s a new fear I didn’t know existed
Thanks MatPat, now I have mobile game ads all day (jk it's not your fault but I still have them)
Please do a theory on Isacc now the game has new ending please !!!!!!!!!!! I cried on the ending ....
he is growing angry. the corn maze is getting bigger. don't be a fool mat pat. Zardy waits.
hey matpat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIV7_WNDyN4
heres i funny story when i was little i spent 100$ bucks on clash royal because my mom had no lock on spending money
mobile games are all scams and if you fall for it you deserve to lose your money. it's a stupidity tax
Everyone wanted to stop these ads but everyone dont know how
The game on 5:21 just ripped off Fallout Shelter
monkaW
Petscope may have finished his series of game so... When 7th episode?
Mat this is serious! But I've been playing a mobile game called Duskwood, it's episodic and honestly is a super great game for the platform. It contains a tile matching element to move on with the storyline but the plot really makes up for the frustration of matching. It's also really worth some theory potential for anyone who wants to check it out.
MAKE A GAME THEORY ON THE NEW TBOI DLC I BEG OF YOU
Can we just start a class action lawsuit for making money off fraudulent advertising?  Also maybe the companies are just big name advertisers AB testing under small names strictly for data on AB testing, not for downloads. Just a theory...
How the fk can someone play gardenskapes and homescapes unil lvl fking 1000 You literally have to have brain damage to like those games
how old is mr burns
I just realized the GT logo has green for GT red for FT and yellow for FT but there is one missing  Hmmmmmm
Nobody    Homescapes Ads: misleading
**Petition to stop Clickbait Ads that are Sexual**     Sign LordGrim
*EPIC*
3:38 ROAST
does that mean i- i cant play Rocket ball soccer football royale game :(
I just saw an adult play city takeover pass by,I am not impressed
I remembered when hero wars sent me a MOBILE ad on a PC they didn’t even bother to change it to a cursor.
matpat hey umm you may have not seen my comment on this but there is more lore to undertale...
What about misleading you to a game that you happened to have downloaded  with mobile data...isn't that kinda-  Never mind
I can't believe I got an mobile ad.
Let's just appreciate that there are no ads on this video XD
Omg. I remember the days where we voted on Matpats's vids with the annotations
I remember seeing a mobile game add about blackjack and it was someone play poker in red dead redemption 2, a very well known game and with people that can recognise the exact scene. I would just like to see inside of a mobile game developers mind to market there game with a scene from rdr2.
Theres this one game i got an advert that had a woman in a bathroom soaping, and then the guy just zooms on the womans body and then i skip becuase... i know the ad already and the guy loses yada yada Blah blah blah and you get the point.
Klepto cats
1:20 SOOOOO TRUE
I think we need a sunset overdrive theory🌅
*looooooseeeeeer*  Love that Rick and Morty reference haha
This is true
The top left corner:  “all that for a drop of blood”?
Hey can you do a Kirby timeline theory
I remember seeing a NSFW episode ad while using a truth or dare app at my birthday party.
When I was watching it I saw an add about a game that I had  that was trash
Finally matpat speak about this
they are evolving just backwards
bruh i litteraly git an ad while wachting this video its be the king another false advertisement what a coinsidence
Well im on mobile and this video got ads
Explain why piglins have water bottles in the nether
God I miss the intro ! :DDD
Humanity is Just The Worst To Itself
"Why isn't anybody doing anything to stop it?" Cancel culture: "nah not fun"💀
thats why i mostly play game that doesnt pop up as an ads and i never download ads
I be getting these bootleg dragon ball game ads and they just take footage straight from dragon ball fighterz
Hay mat pat I know the games is dead in many people’s options but I wish you could do a fortnite theory on the storyline and what you think will happen later in said storyline
The Ads for me are....... C R I N G E
he talks soo fast lol
I hate ads like this because they think that we're stupid. They're wrong
You forgot one type of ad        The ad where in a game the dad is a noob and then it shows the mom being a “pro”
1:33 OML-
The creepy galley longitudinally kneel because couch bodily hammer before a good encyclopedia. screeching, earthy hospital
This guy can talk. There should be like a talking award or something.
Hi MatPat. Can u do a lore on a game called Horizon zero dawn
Gacha life anyone? That game is good and it doesn't have ads at all
And then there are mobile game developers like Supercell and Niantic making actually good games...
Oh hey look you mentioned gardenscapes i love that gam- You know what im just gonna shut up before i become an ad
Imagine this being Sponsored by Raid: Shadow legends.
What annoys me about MORE THEN HALF of these ads is that They almost always have a ad that goes something like this:  Pat her down and its like some sort of jail game and then the person makes the hands or whatever touch PRIVATE areas and most of these ads are advertised to children its honestly wrong i think they should take these ads down cause thats really sexist ;-;
Well Binding of Issac:Repentance is now here and holy CHRIST does it solve the hundreds of layers that can't be explained but there is so much more we need to find out
I have seen an ad using disguised toast clip its a scam app
im not on a mobile and i get these apps.....
My moms ať level 2000 and has played 0 minigames
Is the Petscop series ever coming back/coming to a close?
Me watch a new matpat video click ads apear wait for its a mobile ads
If you turn airplane mode on you can't get ads
You know how some ads show like oh, choose this or this ,and you spend 10 dollars getting the game but it is NOT like that at ? I hate that. Let's sue the companies that do that from know on.
The overt address interestingly beam because twine minimally smoke up a poor feeling. able, truculent dressing
when will the fourth channel come to complete the theory ring
Want no ads pay $50.99 a month ...okay wheres the exit button? The what?
i hate the misleading ads
I had a poker game ad and it was literally read dead 2 gameplay
The bird theory would work if it happened that way, but if you think you came from a rock after millions of years thats just a stupid idea, BTW the video was well made
This is not an ad. I have been through hell and back and i comebearing gifts. Two mobile games That are super fun idle games on mobile are idle apocalypse and tiny tower. Just wanted to say that. Bye now.
When i saw a mobile ad:GOD PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE GOD HELP ME WHY WHY WHY
I think more then half of the interweb user's hate them
intense intros
Hey Game theory in Roblox I have this back bling which Says why don’t we but at the back that you can’t see you it Has a ?
9:38 anyone else see it smiling?
Binding of Isaac: Repentance pls
Dont worry- i see you with the nostalgic scribblenauts scenes🙂
https://youtu.be/th_LYe97ZVc this is first mat pats fnaf video
Reject misleading mobile games return to indie mobile games
Matpat, could you do a theory on Don’t Starve Together? Please?
THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS VIDEO! I've been wondering about this for a while!
That's why I always read the comments before downloading any game ;-; I truly hate these ads
Can you finish Petscop
In the case of Homescapes and Gardenscapes, I used to play both of them maybe about 4 or 5 years ago; I was super addicted and actually spending money in them (hard regrets). The game never had ANY of the pipe/bar puzzle games at the time. Anyways, I eventually got bored and stopped play, even deleting them. About 6 months ago I redownloaded Homescapes and now after every 15 or so levels it seems, you get one of the new puzzle games where you pull the bars or sometimes just picking between two objects to solve a basic problem. They basically added these levels so their ads couldn’t be considered inaccurate, illegal, false, etc. and I think it’s kind of scummy if I’m being completely honest
Fourth one should be life theory
Hey matpat can you do a video on “Confetti Birthday Massacre?” you might be able to look it up but there’s not much videos about it it was based on a Fnaf au but it turned into its own thing And I found it very interesting and I think you will too!
Well there is another one. China does not have to adhere To us laws.
I hate 99% of all mobile games
Can you do a game theory about Friday night funkin?
Funny enough, save the girls actually   is like that. (Yes the game is like that, it's just correct to the ads)
The introns flippin true
Look you leave Lily Garden out of this those are the best cursed adds ever
y are practically all of your vids deleted or like y
Mobile game ads: SAVE THIS PERSON 😨😨😨😨😰😰😰 The actual game : am scari
Candy crush my dads sister is on lvl 96594
This is why i want a computer
Epic
That intro is WAYY too relatable
I get one all the time when I online on my phone saying that my phone has a virus and I have a iPhone and I don’t visit sites that would give your phone viruses
Any danganrompa theories?
Brawlstars ads are wonderful, actually being nice standalone animations
spooky month lore?
I got one of those antivirus ads i couldn’t close out of it and it said my phone was gonna explode in two minutes so I just closed my browser to get rid of it
2:02 my mom actually play matchington mansion Really Alissa ( however you spell it) my mom is on level 3400 last time checked which was about 4 months ago
He should do a 4th channel called The SCP Theorist
Who got a crappy game ad when you watched this video
I love how I got one of these in the video lol
As you talked about ads a ad came upon my screen
MIKR GET OVER HERE LILYS BACK  AND SHE HAS HER GARDEN
Hey game theory remember that fnaf theories you made well I'm going in on the biggest theory you need to solve now the theory is...........why is purple guy killing the kids in the first place does he have a truamatic childhood idk
Yo can you do a subnautica theory pls I would love that and I’m sure other people would too it’s very interesting
0:41  *WAIT MY MOM PLAYS GARDENSCAPES!*
Finally someone talks about it
Who else got a bad mobile game add whale watching this?
Can you please do a theory on the Minecraft nether bastion achievement “those were the days”
Ok I think I have theory ok that you could cover ok so it goes like how strong is Mario because he can brake bricks so it can be kinda like the surper smash bro's episode you know the race thing with captain falcon idk but anyways can mario brake someonsomeone's jaws
Has anyone else constantly like 1/4 of the time encountered ads for “Hero Wars” as they call it or is it just me because I have seen so many of them I feel like there putting billions into just buying ads
You should do a game theory of knockout city because those physics seems very deadly
The x needs to be bigger
u should make a game theory on “its not me its my basement”
Litterally no video game can be illegal, at least as for content of game as your little click bait image. It is a matter of freedom of speech asshats.  How ironic it is you use a misleading ad for a video to cover misleading games. Asshat.
I know the ftc as mass murderers who doesn't care about anyone who's a youtuber
Do a lore solve for Zardy's Maze
The Game Theorists: Mobile Ads are nothing related to the game Genshin Impact: 👁👄👁
I think i'd say this theory was pretty ...  EPIC!!!  >:D
You should do one on Roblox
My Omega Mart comments weren't spam, btw. I was just trying to creatively point out that Omega Mart is something that fits into Food Theory, Film Theory, and probably Game Theory. I suspect it's an ARG - and a heckin' weird one at that.
Minecraft theory for you what is redstone
Who cares it plays terraria.
My little sister who just recently turned 7 actually had one of these games and bought a bunch of stuff on there using iTunes before me and my parents realized it.
https://youtu.be/-qBpI6hXL1I
https://youtu.be/-qBpI6hXL1I
https://youtu.be/-qBpI6hXL1I
https://youtu.be/-qBpI6hXL1I
True True
F
Wait...this is posted 6 days ago but I’m getting serious deja vu
I got tricked by them too.
Isn't it illegal to mislead like that
Hey matpat unless you already know this, you know the 4th night on sister location? I think the suit your in is scrapbabys suit but not damaged.
And  on the topic of mobile game ads, todays sponsor is Warpath!
I'm from when youtube had annotations. But, even though I have 17 years old, no joking, I feel old
Hey mat pat I had an idea about foos ball—- what would happen to the players body if they were actual humans? And also who Diddy Kong’s real father  because he is a monkey and DK is an ape?
Let’s talk about the adds that will show a magnifying glass that shows under a woman’s clothes and it’ll say something like “find the proof that she killed him” and it will get close to showing her parts. Tempting young people to download it and “look a girls”
Commenting until you cover yo-kai watch day 1
The fact they they lose on purpose in the ad to get you to buy the game...
THANK YOU!!!!! Finally some one is talking about it!
My mom is in like level 7000 on gardenscapes
Those games look epic
My mon plays both Gardenscapes and Homescapes
At. Least the minecraft ad ain’t fake
Can I use your intro song for my yt
E P I C
This has nothing to do with the video but check out omega mart ads mattpat, it's uh eerie
Yeah these scare me-
1:06 "ruining your childhood since 2011"
If i could have those adds promoting mens products but in the ridiculous way id be happier i mean i also would never buy them but still
Gacha Life isn't illegal ;-;
When I watch this, I literally saw one of those ads.
The hospitable shingle internationally shade because fedelini visually race down a uppity bubble. late, abject cellar
Video idea try to figure out the boyfriends name and girlfriends name in Friday night funkin
The thing is, I knew the game Homescapes  before they started the dumb ads and I do love the game but the ads are dumb
whenever i watch my mom play on her tablet and she likes on one those fake ads, it breaks my heart because there are much older people who get tricked into those things that aren't even real. Now, that may seem like a little cringe and sorta baby-ish, but older people who don't know much about modern society marketing get tricked like that, not just by ads. But anyways, I always have to explain to my mother that the games are fake and not real.
The games with lots of adds are making money off adds
Make of video of totally accurate battle simulation lore
He clearly doesn't know what he's talking about if he thinks that Banished is relaxing...
I really dont like games like that - you install it and open it .. But it needs your photos and mobile data xDDD 😂😂😂 whyyyyy idk 😳😒
This is why i report them every once in a while
Hey Matpat, the new Binding of Isaac dlc has come out, Repentance. And its the closest thing to a definitive ending / final act of the game. I know you did a theory before on it, and with its new vague ending and story beats it'd be interesting to see you try and piece together a timeline or solve the story or something.
@Gismomech plays banished
My mum is at lvl 1453
Me: sadly, yes
petition for a binding of isaac repentance theory
The thing is... I kinda like playing Homescapes.... (the other version of garden scapes.. but Austin renovates his childhood home..)  Also, why is no one talking about how lava and water in the ads are held by literal poles?! The lava would just melt the metal and the water would drip down..  It makes absolutely no sense!
I have a theory : What is the lore of Friday night funkin
My sister sed u r annoying
Are you going to do update the binding of Issac theory? with new DLC the last one totally is outdated even more
Lets be honest the ad in the beginning has more effort put into it than regular mobile ads.
If "THEY" want a warmer response from me, "THEY" might start by NOT PUSHING SH💩💩💩 IN MY FACE!!
Hey matpat I have a idea for the last little light of the Xbox logo for your channel it should be book theories
remember that isaac game? yeah, new game, I think you know what we want you to talk about next
We need a binding of isaac repentance theory ASAP
Got a ad that wants you to erase women’s clothing and wants you to take the sheets off of a man (u can legit see a bump under the sheets)
I would like to point out that Township doesn't lie.  It actually has the mini games it advertises.  They're few and far between but they have them and the first time I clicked on the game to play, I thought it was an ad and sat there forever waiting for the skip button until I realized I could actually play it and it wasn't an ad.  I even got in game rewards for completing it.
On the game called Roblox
And I want the abstract Lord of this game and try to beat kreekcraft with his lore answers
You should make a piggy Theory because the game has so much lore
THE BINDING OF LSAAC: REPENTANCEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Talking about mobile ads I got one in Japanese, didn’t show gameplay and ended in song and dance.
911 what’s you emergency?    The ads they’re illegal!
Seriously the craziest thing in mobile games is the pay-to-win side of the games that is absolutely not legal. Remember about battlefront 2 ? It’s the same case
i love township homescape and zooscape and fishdom
matpat, i’m begging, pretty pretty please help us out with solving ranboo lore. we can’t do this on our own
New fnaf theory: I just watched a video what if we aren't playing as the crying child in fnaf 4 what if we are the older brother who is having nightmares about all that happened it would explain a lot like why only fredbear is out on night five and all the original nightmare animatronics out on the other nights and why we see all the medical stuff because he is in a nightmare where he is his brother being tortured by the animatronics
I've seen an ad that's exactly the game BUT  the physics are a lot less satisfying than the ad
While watching i got an add like in your vid lol
RICK AND MORTY REFRENCE THE losserrrrr
Cool.
They should make a video on how springlock suits work in fnaf and how not to die on them .
Hello matpat, I have been watching and playing a lot of a game called "generation zero" and I  COMPLETELY lost on the story and wanted to know if you could try to piece it together?
A better question is if the logic puzzle games are popular enough that they can be used as advertisements to sucker people in to play unrelated worse games, why hasn't any of these companies just made a logic puzzle game?
Don’t worry. I, a bounty hunter, will never let them go. I shall slaughter them all.
in garden scapes im level 36- 46 and have encountered about 4 minigames so yeah
You should make a Theory about Bowser's Fury
for your information garden scapes does actually have levels of the games they have in the adds
Reasons i  have youtube premium
Actually and also happens on the computer
My brother was watching this and I came running in
Matpat you must see the new isaac game there's SO MUCH lore.
The 1 mobile game that I like is this one game called Afk arena now it isn't like the ones that Matpat is talking about its soo good Coryxkenshin loves it Markipliyer loves it I love it and woo its such a good game
My mother downloaded "homescapes" and she knows the game sucks but she keeps it becasue my sister wants to because their so far in the game .___.
and I would super seriously like to play those logic puzzle games that are actually in the ads :/
E P I C   T H I N G S
Hey wait did he just hit 14mil He did!
Can you make a theory about Angles of Death?
Kinda sad matpat didn't put a tf2 reference in the intro.
You ever see those dogshit kiss of war ads
finally! someone that was brave enough to exspose ads!
Mobile game ads in 2011: actual gameplay, or an animation representing what its supposed to look like, combined with great music or iconic music  Mobile game ads in 2021: I AM RETARDER! 0.00000000000001% CAN ONLY BEAT THIS LEVEL
Those 2 thousand people who disliked are the people who make the ad for these games.
I miss video annotations ;-;
G. Dark fantasy ARPG - She Will Punish Them (Beta. HD)
EPIC !
Can we talk about how the game itself are better than the ads? The ads only make me not want to play the games that might be good.
8:57 That made me think of MattShea lol. But he plays those games to make videos instead.
This man is speaking literal facts!
MATPAT PLZ DO KOGAMA
Make a music theory
Oh my god. I don't remember when, and I don't remember if I wrote a comment or not and to which Youtuber XD but I was like mad that there were fake ads! I'm so glad there's a video now
Hey Matpat I have a theory suggestion why don't you do a theory on the new fnaf inspired movie Willys Wonderland I'm sure you will love it not sure where category you should put it in in Game theory or Film theory its your choice
Can you do one for me please 🥺 about all the fake copy paste word games the ones about doctors saying if you play this game your IQ will go up
Epic
Yo Raid Shadow Legends 2 Electric Boogaloo lookin fresh
While watching this video I got a tetris game clone ad bruh
FINALLY!
I hate that soooo much Ads
2012: Here! In this game, you can use a machine gun jetpack and dodge crazy rockets and lasers! Oh, you don't want to download? It's ok, but we are always open if you chane your mind.  2021: i CaNt GeT tO pInK!!! 😪😪😪😔   🧍‍♂️🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫💎              🟫              🟫                🐍
7:10 The Amazing End Card Tournament! So much nostalgia.
Then we have Youtube ad blockers that say, "We know you installed a YouTube ad blocker, so ads anyway."
Can you do an episode on the lore of the video game paladins?
When you mentioned Banished, I was like "omg i loved that game"
play a better game **pulls out SM3DW+BF** Me, brandishing my launch edition copy of Puyo Puyo Tetris 2: *My goals are beyond your understanding*
-Epic- ＧＡＲＤＥＮＳＣＡＰＥＳ
matpat confirmed top left of the screen is the strongest
If someone actually made a pin pulling game I swear more people would play it
need little nightmares lore sovled
Believe it or not, I’ve actually been playing both Garden Scapes and Home Scapes since before they put out those adds. Knowing what the games were actually about, the adds really confused me 😂 Someone I know actually almost downloaded one of these games because she thought it was a puzzle game. Then somebody told her what the game actually was and she didn’t download it. Oh, and they also used to have another game that was like a search and find I’m pretty sure? No idea what happened to that. They switched over to those matching games instead I guess?
E P I C
matpat, here is a challenge, try and do all the theories you can make about kiki and ana-the child since there were unsolved questions
The only game and I could think of that has true ads is brawl stars and that’s it
I'm a developer working on one of the games mentioned here, and while there's not much tea here, suffice it to say during our bi-monthly bottom-up review processes (where we the developers review the upper management rather than the other way round), devs scream about how trashy, awful, scummy and gross the ads are. Constantly. The response is always the same: as long as it works, it's proven to be the best strategy so we have no intentions of changing it.  Don't get me wrong. We don't create masterpieces as-is. But to see an ad for your own game that contains features that you know for sure don't exist is just a special kind of low.
Wait whaaaa! MatPat do you realize what you’ve done?   You’ve just told me that the game in the misleading ads where you build a town from nothing really exist?! Thank you! I now owe you and w
You should do a vid on how strong pepsiman actually is
Finally a topic about the annoying ads
Gardenscapes is the game that my sisters play even before the terrible ads we’re out
There's a mexican legal theorist calles Garcia Maynez who considers that without cohercibility (a way to enforce a law) it becomes inefficient and inefficient laws although valid and positive might as well not exist. E.g marijuana being illegal but decriminilized makes it so that marijuana being illegal doesn't make sense if there's no sanction for posession or consumption
965? those are rookie numbers my mom is way over 6,000
It happend to me to
The video of dad that got deleted I still have it
the amount of "mom vs dad" ads is see is like crazy. why is the mom usually so much better then the dad.
Well... Wish i knew this before i downloaded gardenscapes cuz he is totally right
How does the hunter from little nightmares shoot mono from so far away. Ps he has a shotgun.
The only epic thing here is game theory intro
what about beyblade
I've been going crazy wondering how they get away with this so publicly. Thanks very much for the research and insights.
“They added more shoes and clothes! We actually blew up the game!” “I found a game for buddies” “Only 0.00001% can beat this level 🙀”  Can I also mention how terrible the text to speech voices are in those games?
i can't wait till they use youre inro for the next "Epic" mobile gmae :')
guess what? I dowloaded a guitar app to learn how to play guitar, it was.. horrible, i didn’t understand everything, plus it asked me for money to “TEACH SO FAST!!”
Irony of an ad complained about in the video coming up during the video!
7:00 I had this 13 yo laptop and we used to see those.Also I'm not and adult
Nah, it's just copyright
I would make an argument that excessive mobile use is actually causing many health effects from obesity to bad eyesight to even bone spurs in the neck from looking down
*sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends*
Off topic but how about a Game Theory about We Happy Few? I'd love to hear your take on this dystopian British 60's era game.
Ive played gardenscapes before because im curiuos of it. And those ads werent there at the moment then i deleted the app because its boring
I just got an anime ad lol
I have been wondering who ash's father is, so I want to know if you could do a theory on it?
still waiting for mat to cover the hello neighbor books
Matpat: has fortnite default in intro  Also matpat: makes no fortnite videos
Can you fortnite lore again?
Hello mr game theory   I want you to do a theory with a game     It’s called    NAMELESS CAT  It’s on mobile so android IOS and that other stuff
Mat pat I went back to see your old videos and i saw all your performances and weird theories.
Your intro was EPIC
Notice how there’s no adds on this video
Cool Intro
I think he forgot to mention that the "people" playing the games in those ads play worse then a toddler which is the most infuriating thing of those ads in my opinion
Hey i got another theory to solve: pls solve HOTLINE MIAMI.
I’ve actually had only 2 games that weren’t clickbait
Innersloth Has A Airship Release But The Logo Doen’t Match In The Map
Matpat PLEASE MAKE A THEORY ON LITTLE NIGHTMARES II AND ABOUT THE TIME PARADOX OF MONO AND THIN MAN PLEASE PLEASE I AM DYING FOR YOU TO MAKE A THEORY
I remember annotations
Like, just, show me the gameplay...
Epic
Play fnaf world mobile
I NOW JUST REALIZED THE COLORS IN THE LOGO THAT ARENT FILLED ARE FOR THE DIFFERENT CHANNELS
IPhone users are soon lucky
IPhone users are soon lucky
Day 1: can u make a game theory on how much discord tags there can be like #0001-#9999
It's so dumb because Google took down my game when I "followed" their guidelines. :: Blood boiling ::
he forgot the game rise of kingdom  Its an terrible ad.
Among us released the knew airship map
Your convergent evolution theory works alright.  However, a simpler theory is that they might all just be using the same advertising company.
E P I C
War end order is schamig
If misleading ads should become illegal, does that mean click bait should as well? 🤷‍♂️
My mom is level 5411 in Gardenscapes and has never gotten the "minigame"
playrix used to be one of my absolute favorite game developer companies, making really good games like 4 elements, royal envoy, and a lot more. then they threw all that away and now only work on homescapes and gardenscapes which have none of the charm and originality the old games had. it's massive disappointment to see such talent go to waste like this.
"Throw ideas against a wall to see what sticks." As a marketing professional, I can say with confidence that this has been my job description for more than a decade.
I got a draw a line to save i saw a bunch of the same thing a lot in different styles
I've been watching this channel for years and how in the world did I not subscribe, maybe I did and it glitched or I'm just a horrible human being. I dont know
wow, this is soo interesting. and I see these ads every day. not a single day passes without me watching one. because I'm forced to.
I only got to level one hundred something and I got like five dreams might as well call the dreamons
This video is *EPIC*
lets not forget Raid Shadow Legends
When he talks about convergent evolution but not carcinization
Mafia city guys mafia city
7:02 I remember these
Yes
For me, it's sad to say that chances of actually finding a good game on mobile that is being honest on both advertising and gameplay are low to none
my mom sis play is game on level 5294 :] also your vip is epic game
Now game are stealers so why can’t we make are own ads well the thing is they don’t wanna spend money on stuff the won’t use so yeah I might have a point there
I love this video. I think about this all the time
I just enjoy watching it but i dont really download it so im safe 😁
Next video idea: do something on the new game Firewatch it’s short but there is a lot to unpack in there
EPIK
They should be illegal
Coming back a bit to the Banished content rip off as marketing or that dragon scene (don't remember the name already) - isn't that considered illegal since company XYZ (game makers) own the rights to that content? (DMCA wise)  It makes sense for the "fake adds" as you said - you don't loose money (although you loose time which is far more precious then money imo)  Anyway, good GT content is good <3
Hay mat can you do a theory oh it’s not me it’s my basement
Matpat you should do a thearu about fun times ayumi it's about a purple hair girl and trust me there is something weird about it so please 🥺🥺
ban china. problem solved
I using YouTube Vance hahahaha. It's no ads HAHAHA
Finally! The Game Theorist has discussed about these cringy and dumb ads on mobile games
the homescapes one i can relate to my mom plays it a lot enough to get to level 1405 and has never seen those dreams
Before I start the video is it because of false advertisement cause it to be illegal
Maak un keer un video over de lore of me hero academia en hoe de series end
I got tricked twice by those candy crush style of games. To be honest, the quality of those wasnt bad it actually fun to play. But I really hate those ads, you know its a lie but you can hold yourself :((
Unrelated to the video but a suggestion you should do a theory on Dying Light, idk what but I'm sure you could find something.
By taking game footage that isn't their's, they are breaking copyright law.
you could make a case for fake ads that show footage that isn't theirs is breaking even more laws so some governmental body would take a look at it
supercell is the only respectable mobile game company
Isn't it pathetic how games like "Shadow Raid Legends" have to advertise their game and sponstor youtubers to get over 1M players, but games that are actualy good, for example "Shadow Fight 2", don't do any of that and got over 1M players.
Greg Renko does funny recreations of the Mafia "level whatever" games.
Ya know what I hate the most? Ads that look like you get to try the interactive demo of their game while waiting for the ad to pass, but when you click it, it takes you to the download page. FUDGE YOU if you do that. I've downloaded games in which the demo actually was kind of fun, but when your demo is a lie, I report your game because it's false advertising on your advertisement.  All of this should be illegal, but it especially burns my muffins when it fakes being interactive to get you to click because you are being straight up lied to in the advert itself.  This reminds me as well that income disparity is worse than people think. Say a whale makes 100,000 a year and plays a silly game for 1000 dollars a year in micro transactions. That's 1% of their total income. Whereas a person spending 300 bucks while making 30,000 a year or less is 3% of their total income and that's not accounting for the fact that the small whale has all expenses covered and then some whereas 30,000 probably needs most of that to cover debt regular expenses. If you are playing and enjoying a mobile game and are willing to spend a few bucks every week in microtransactions, that can add up really fast. It's just 6-7 dollars a week, it doesn't sound like much, but for the 30,000 person it adds up fast.  This is why I wish people would understand that really rich people giving or spending what sounds like a lot to us just isn't a lot to them. When you make hundreds of thousands a year, giving 20,000 is not as much as people think for that person.  Nice to know mobile companies don't actually care about your business, they're really just targeting whales. We're all small fish at best. Your patronage is paltry. Maybe these types of ads should only run on phones in which whales tend to buy, like the latest apple or newer models.
Well, on copyright footing, some are illegal.
7:05 So that's what they're called, I've been calling them "Clicky Squares"
Do a theory about last day on earth survival game mobile by the way and no end
FTC *Did you mean Ofcom?*
potato salad
I still miss annotations
Basically “dreams” in garden/home scapes were added to prove the ad was real to get around being called misleading
some games are using "p#rn" as ads like showing an anime b@#b.... i got blamed for watching that kind of ad :(
You know what's funny I just got a ad on this exact video for a stupid arbic game
You are wrong, it IS destructive to my health, when I sit on the toilet and these cringy adds coming in under a youtube video with max volume
I actually had gardenspaces ad before the video starter and it was something that never appeared in the game
The irony is I got the same type of Ad while watching this Video.
Just in case people don't know, the companies which makes and published these games are not the same companies that makes these ads.
and this is why adblockers exist
When's the new petscop video gamer?
I’ve seen this type of thing where they show other games in ads the one I saw was a red dead poker sene to advise a game
Do a fnaf theory
Video: [talks about adds stealing ideas and footage] Matt: haha intro go BRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
me having payed 10bucks to play Civilisation Revolution for 10%Battery per hour....
This video is sponsored by raid Shadow Legends
this is SOO TRUE i got an add that had stolen footage from a youtuber theve gotten THAT BAD and they didnt even get PERMISION!
Day 1 requesting that the game theory team creates an Overwatch lore theory video
This is why adblockers should be used my dudes
EPIC!!
Also i saw this ad about saving a girl and stuff and when i played it i saw everything i saw in the ad. So not all ads are lies (but probably all ads are lies).
Once i got tricked by a mobile ad. So now i just play games with no ads or ads i have not seen. It works
speaking of ads... i would like to thank our sponsor, nord VPN thank you for sponsoring us (we only have one sponsor for this video which is pathetic but everyone got tired from sponsoring us).
the way he says epic in start is too funny
annotations are still on YouTube
Going back to older games like clash of clans and clash royale is soooo good  Supercell doesn't put ads anywhere unless you enter the shop area, and even that is good bc it stays where its supposed to be
Thank God among us doesn't have horrible ads also I don't have pc
I’m a Beta Tester in Voodoo, i can proudly say that I don’t like the ads.
Finally a google pixel cameo
Lily's Garden ads are epic
i am a mobile gamer and its ok to like mobile games ngl some mobile games are good but if someone says its illegal sounds very wrong to people like me its ok but if you say you should get into jail whos to say you shouldnt exist
this isnt even a game theory hes just explaining what is and isnt legal in terms of game advertising
I remember I saw a very VERY dumb ad of a game I downloaded the game as a joke and it was one of the best games I had downloaded in 2020
And then we have miHoYo and Yostar who's doing a way better job at creating their own advertisement but are under-appreciated. Literally any Honkai Impact 3rd advertisement is considered top tier that you even can view it in game so...
Hey, Was wondering if you would make a theory based on The Binding Of Isaac again, it got a new lore based dlc and would love to see a video on it~!
This isint about the vidio but MAKE MORE FNAF VIDIOS THERES A NEW NOVEL!!!
1:18 Me using YT Vanced: What is a mobile ad?
hay matt pat look at this from a hist with mark https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n7Via0ect4
Yes, yes they are
I actually started playing homescapes way before they came out with those ads  and I can tell that they started putting them out waaaay after that style of ads flooded the internet. They actually did it kind of late, so for the longest time there was no minigames in that style in the actual game, because that wasn't what they advertised. They only put those in some time after they started running those ads and I actually don't even like the minigames. They made a huge mistake trying to jump on that bandwagon instead of sticking to advertising the actual product. A shame really since it's a fretty nice time-killer when you're bored.
That talk about A/B testing made me miss the Super Amazing End Card Tournament ):
Wait, what are you doing here Dan Cybert?
Petition for a Binding of Isaac: Repentance theory
Yo thanks for uploading dis man. It’s nice   I have non of these games.
Y'now I thought reply all was a small podcast/journalism company until I heard more and more about it in the media lol
I got an ad that was mobile and advertised TABS
he should just said clickbait games on this video
8:50  Anyone else hearing Tape Girl from FNAF : Help Wanted here!?
Can you make how click bait is bad or good?
Hi long time fan of the show. Film theory idea sorry. I know you hate not commenting on the right channel but it just came to me. Idea..... How much does garra weigh in his full possession????
Wht does tbs mean?
i got one of those adds while watching
Oh god no PVZ IS NOT LEGAL
this is the only matpat video i would ever click just cause of the stupidity of mobile games manufacture stuff
Man i miss those good old days when youtube still had those notations heck i aint even at highschool.
I present to you. The scums of gaming history. False advertisement at its finest
E P I C
Mobile game ads: *allows you to play Me: *taps on the play button Mobile game ad: *takes me to the app store  Me: *"1 star it is"*
I avoid mobile games like the plague.
You are speaking my language
got exactly those adds while watching this...ironic much?!
My new theory: Dimentio from Super Paper Mario and Jevil from Deltarune are either siblings or the same person.
hi are you from norway?
Matpat: theoririzing about ads Me:okay nice subject Also me: waiting for a valorant lore video
I have to deal with these crappy ads constantly, and this video made me understand more about how these ads exist. It also made me hate humanity more.
The devs behind Lily’s Garden said the ads were jokes.
Who else has been back stabbed by League Of Angel's II ads
Then you realize that all the games were copies of candy crush
Me watches this video: this is true but also youtube became like the idiots of 2017 The video that im watching: Ad(s) coming in 3..2..1..
Atleast call of duty mobile did not do that
I still remember the glory days of good ads like the clash of clans one.
Guys they found a game for buddies
I legit got one of those adds while watching this
I feel like another aspect of this is that they get access to your data when you download the app. You have to agree to the terms & services when you download and who knows what they have put in there! They can then sell that data for $$$$$
All mobel games make us look like we're stupid and that makes me mad like the one where you collect people and fight people at the end and one them said that I'm gonna Doge all these people but when he got to the end he figer it out what to do but it look like he already play it cuz he has acseres and that's why I hate mobel games
So I think MatPat put a fire under their asses a bit because I play both Gardenscapes and Homescapes and I've encountered the minigames a grand total of 9 times now between the course of 50 levels.
Battle cats and muse dash dont do this B)
When your so late you haven't seen a Danganronpa theory: *Imma go hunting brb*
Matpat: that villager over there romance them  to have an experience that is best described in one word Also Matpat: proceeds to say 3 "epics"
I legitimately thought the intro was an  ad
When the next minecraft episode
Mat Pat is very smart and funny
you are a saint.
Next: "How strong is Donkey Kong?"
👍
956 levels  Meet my mum she’s on 1436
heres a trip down memory lane, maybe mat should disect the lore of temple run
I played the actual tile game they keep ripping off
Hello neighbor 2 theory is needed
Those ads are the reason I stopped downloading mobile games completely.
I know I could just say this on your last FNAF theory but I thought I’d have a better chance of you seeing this.  I don’t actually know if you knew this already, but if you don’t, then I’m here to tell you.  I don’t actually know if this is real news cause I saw it on the internet, but I’d give it a shot to think of it as real cause I really miss FNAF and I saw these on amazon when searching up the books.  So, book #7, #8, and #9 of the series Fazbear Frights has come out/is being sold on Amazon 😑.  Number seven being “The Cliffs”, number eight “Gumdrop Angel”, and number nine “The Puppet Carver”.  Not trying to assume, but I feel like you’re already reading the books and is in the process of a new theory video. But who am I to tell 😅.  Also the released date of  the new game “Security Breach” is supposedly coming out in August 8th and is said to be able to be played on the PC and PlayStation 4 and 5.  I hope to see a theory on the books and am forward to seeing it soon :D!  Okay, that’s all I wanted to say.  Have a nice day.
E
Do a Lily’s garden game theorist episode that would be cool.
Yeah but it is a gambling addiction and as a result they do cost the user money
Just wanna give a quick shoutout to Banished here.  Its a fantastic game if youre looking for a mindless city builder that has a consistent requirement of building up otherwise you lose.
For the forth channel mat should do book theory
I remember the a/b YouTube testing what ever happened to that
I’ve had fun playing warpath
Old game ads like clash of clan is better than the new
at least the games are better than    EEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEE EEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEE EEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEE            AAAA        AAAAAAA   AAAAAAAAAAA AAAA            AAAA AAAA            AAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAA            AAAA AAAA            AAAA AAAA            AAAA AAAA            AAAA
hey game theory did you know bonnie actually has lore! YES HE DOES AND GUESS WHAT BONNIE IS THE FIRST YOU SEE TO COME TO YOU EITHER A BUNNY OR BONNIE AND BONNIE IS VERY VENGFUL AND GUESS WHAT in fnaf whatt are the main charater....s if you are a fnaf nerd you will know its the bear and........ the bunny
THAT GAME THEORY CHANNEL LOOKS EPIC
For the first time. I was epic in the intro
👁👄👁
Hey matpat there's a game that I want you to check out since this game may have some deep lore but anyways this game is call wizard101
95% of people don’t care
I bet u saw one of the ads mentioned if you dont have an adblocker
I'm still waiting/hoping on a theory on Mr. Mime being ash's father in Pokemon.
Wow that looks really cool gave me Dani flashbacks
Thank goodness Groovepad didn't scam me 🤣😅
You should do a theory on the amnesia series.
Can you make bendy again
I just thought of an idea for a channel: The Music Theorist.  Just a channel about music theories and myth busting about music
Hey, remember that ad named Kick The Buddy ad?report it if you see it.
Hate fake ads
I still get these I swear playgendary is getting away with so much illegal adds
Epic
hey will you make the new fnaf game
Well this is probably my favorite theory
Roblox dosent scam in their ad but other people make weird ads
I found a game for buddies
Hi phone guy I saw you in a video your name is phone guy five nights at Freddy Music video you probably remember
I feel the same when it comes to the Editors Note 1:12
My Singing Monsters does not qualify for being fake or illegal
I use premium use, so.....
I saw a add with a filter and it was a slime app and it has you sign up for it >:<
Matpat can you do a Theory about into the dead 2 from pikpok
Hey game theory try to theory cookie run kingdom and cookie run oven break
All mobile games can be split into 5 groups: - Renovation - Riddles..? - draw to connect to ends  - Choice story games - *Lily’s Gardens Ads*
Have you seen those ads where the people erase womans clothing and are about to erase something inappropriate but something JUST stops you right before? They are SOOOOOOO bad.
I know that this isn't related to the video but I'm curious what other people think. What do you guys think that the fourth channel would be.
nobody the people in the mobile ads: in terms of brain we have no brain
Mobile game ads need real quiet after this video
if Garden/Homescapes was anything like the ads then it would be a lot more popular
i hate ads in general
the link to thre book that its in and I think that this might be the origin story of the spring lock suits
Can you do a theory on fnf (Friday night funkin)
hey can you do an episode on the breaking wheel its a fnaf story
hey , mat , i found something very intresting connected to minecraft lore, i was making a texture pack , and then after digging through the assets files, i found a text file called end , in a folder called texts. there is plenty of weird stuff written in there, i was also using version 1.8.9 you can find the file by running 1.8.9 once, then going to appdata , and the .minecraft folder, find the versions folder, and open version 1.8.9 with winrar or a similar program, and then remove the "assets folder" thats all you need. i cant wait to see what you gonna do with this
So I found a suspicious channel called 4freakshow could some one investigate with me?
Did they change the game theory channel name?
Lmao 11:17 😆
How about some of those "lucky" gachas inside of mobile game. I mean, i don't mind spending money at all inside of my favorite game. But it's just outrageous that i need to spend at bare minimum 5$ just for a "chance" to get what i want. And don't get me started on the effects for children. Can we get some legal actions cause some of those gachas are literally rigged at this point
I hate those adds
game theorie make a thory on grounded its a really mysterious game whit lore iw ould love tosee 1
isn't the ftc also shown in the tv show odd squad???
Lol is clickbait legal or not?
I hate fake advertising, especially if it’s for a scam ad
3:06 bc I'm lazy and don't have time to do that crazy stuff. I only have time to watch ur vids 🤭🤭
we  desparately need report that ACTUALLY work against misleading-ads-from-shitty-game, please how many shitty ads i should see everytime i surf!1!1! (Jk, im using Adblock & similar)
There is one ad for Pet Rescue Saga or just is a bunch of seconds of just a dog crying and you want to do it
0:48
#ILikeCheetos
MAKE HISTORY Theriost
Someone could take the companies to court
The ads where it acts really dumb on simple puzzles and 'you are legally smart if you can complete this' are my hates as well ad the ones that are nothing like the ad (which yes, in the UK does now say not fully representative of actual gameplay). Even if lawyers won't go after these, apple and Google should do.
EDITOR I TOO HAVE A PERSONAL CONNECTION TO THAT MEN’S SOAP DUDE AND I AM A W O M E N HE IS AMAZING-
Timber born play I willv
As soon I clicked to watch this video; an ad similar to a dress up game and dating app but a cartoonish version showed up. Thing is  to reject you need to toss them in a firepit. Apps name was High Rise.
5:06 *Sees Cygames Logo*  Im now reminded that GW is approaching
What I absolutely hate about these ads, and the games they are supposed to advertise, is how they give mobile games as a whole a bad reputation. While there are a lot of mobile games that are just basically scams, there are also a lot of mobile games that are perfectly legitimate and are good, and yet many people don't take those games seriously.
1,934
My mom has none and she is like 193
Ok, so I was watching Markiplier play sister location and got to the part with the cartoon about the vampire and made a theory.  So the mistress lady is like "the baby is yours" and the vampire is like "no hes not" and he wont even pay child support. I don't know if this has to do with purple guys backstory. A father who didnt believe that he had a child or something like that. So his wife divorced and got custody of the children. This drives Purp guy crazy with grief. Maybe crying child doesn't know who purp guy is, reasoning why he is locked in his room. It was his mother, because he keeps going to freddys where his dad works. And so purp guy builds Ballora, to remind him of his wife. Etc. I'm not quite done. Please someone help with this.  Have a good afternoon
Man, I completely forgot about those A/B tests they channel used to do. Neverveven notices that they left.
We’ve all gotten an ad for at least 40 mobile games created by Voodoo.
Considering the middle spike is the largest and below the youknowwhat makes me question my life
If only mat made a genshin theory....
Had anyone seen that grey spot there green for game theory yellow for food theory and red for film theory is there going to be a new theory Chanel matpat?
7:18      patently stupid?
do a video on one of the stick war games
I saw an advert for an app called last shelter: survival (I think it is a zombie game) and it just showed footage of last of us 2 meanwhile some innocent youtuber is getting falsely copyright sticken, wtf youtube how are you allowing this?
One day I saw a add and they stole thinknoodles video clip
old games back then: i have different content for everybody new  games now:hey can i copy your homework ya just change it a bit everybody:wow theses games are all the same and trash
MatPat should make a fourth channel for real life theories and make the logo blue
Matt, can you do a theory about roblox hackers like John Doe and 1x1x1
This is why I hate ads
I just got an ad about 911 operator dispatch it looked fake but I don't know...
I saw a mobile poker game literally show footage form read dead redemption 2
What I don't get is, after seeing that it is a common practise in most mobile games (and probably outplayed by these many times) there are still people who gets fooled by these? 😅 Are people this stupid?  (Last question is hypotetical lol)
What bothers me is that on YouTube when someone clickbaits they get some form of punishment while mobile game ads are the actual clickbaiters and get no punishment
There’s no scientific evidence for darwinistic evolution
*EPIC*
Yeah come back and speak to me when you figure out that angry birds is connected to the vietnam war lol
I hope the next theory is Friday night funking
Now Make a vid on why wattam has ties to the cold War and pro communist groups
Truth i get to much THAT STUPID add and is NOT THE SAME
Wait, america doesn’t have that flimsy “not all images represent actual gameplay” excuse to cover them legal like a wet white t-shirt?  Damn, I knew you were bad but you keep on surprising.
My one word explanation of the intro: EPIC
They’re scams that’s what they are
Can you bring back undertale theories I mean you stopped doing them 2 years ago
Is it bad that I like those garden and homescape ads they are fun
I used to play garden scapes and township before they made the fake ads. I saw a township ad a few years ago when I played it and it was very normal.
Imagine getting these types of ads on a video that is proving then ilegal
Got some MAD tv vibes from the intro
When I was six I download a $10 game with rip me off it’s sad it’s fantasy something I don’t remember the real name
I've beeing seeing this one ad for Texas Hold'em mobile game which uses cutscenes and gameplay from RDR2. If that isn't illegal then I don't know what is anymore
I have add block *FOR THIS REASON*
For example: VOODOO
music theory?
I’ve seen so many mobile ads with a woman, and her clothes get taken off or erased.
I saw an ad the other day with high pitched audio straight from big hero 6😂
1:32 Every time I play angry birds 2 and have to watch an ad
I like the part when he said "EPIC"
I downloaded a game called "Planet Bomber!" It was fairly entertaining so I decided to buy some in-game currency. I had spent $10 and did not get said in-game currency. What's the legality of this?
What about the "play the game for *insert short period of time* and get real money" isn't that illegal too?
Bruh, you are way too late
Ruining your childhood since 2011  made my day
Hi Matpat :)
Matpat, The fourth channel should be “The Theorists” where the fans can comment what theories they want to be solved.
Who else sees the spring trap on the desk in the intro
Bon
Only true gamers reach pink color
OMG ONE OF THE ADS IN YOUR VIDEO POPPED UP WHILE I WAS WATCHING XD
also i litterly saw a ad o rise of kingdoms ice and fire using a tabs video called mamoth vs every god they did'nt even try
he changed his name :(
Me: *taps the ! button to remove the add forever*
Yes, I see these ads on my tablet. They haunt children's gamer and make them play the bad mobile instead of the games worth playing.   Vote if everyone wana send a little boy nuke on the ads a little boy nuke is a acual nuke just so you know simple vote system just say send nuke for send nuke and say OOGA BOOGAHHHHH to not send nuke
GAME THEORISTS BENDY ANF THE INK MACHINE RELEASED A TRAILER FOR A SERRIED ON NETFLIX
amoug us airship lore
EPIC
I’m so glad someone is acknowledging this mobile game pandemic
I love you
Make a video about Friday night funkin.                    Please :(
Oh God these ads are so obnoxious. The worst I saw was as ad about a 'Build up you Civilisation' - Game and the used music and recorded gameplay from the Game Age of Empires II for the ad. It was infuriating.
The delightful thermometer histologically nod because river anaerobically apologise about a  fascinated raven.  freezing, ruthless captain
Well my mom is on level 3,000!
Dang level 965 holy jesus
Watch tales of the smp episode 3 ALL the way though karl plays a bigger role in the story
Me who LITERALLY GOT AN ADD FOR ONE OF THOSE GAMES during this vid
My favorite part is where he says Epic.
Who else is just so tired of seeing those ads
The ad variety that works the best is the case of tiny x's.
Is lemon demon skid and pumps dad
bidning of isaac repetance theory?
I wats on mobile and almost get non of these ads
Oh yeah I remember that hero rescue game, some guy got sick of seeing that ad for a game that doesn't exist so he made the game
Dark Exile is bad about stealing other games footage. In this case Diablo 2.
I just got a mafia city ad
..Matpat be lurking in my friend's Discord confirmed? Myself and my buddy Xan had a literally 4 hour conversation on this subject 2 months ago. lmao
I sometimes watch mobile ads When i play a strategy game like european war 6 1914 for get medals and money, or in road to valor world war 2 to get epic units or Just get some tokens to test my luck in codm
don't forget the ads that are straight up porn and if you click them you get into the biggest scam organisations. actually happened to my brother so i stopped target advertising so that our parents can't see my brother's ads.
yeah but where tik tok
Imma go tell LegalEagle
I don't think anyone downloads those games though, except for 10 year olds
“EPICCC!!!”
Imagin being the guy from the photo at the beginning and realizing he is famous on the game theory channel
I thought this was a sponsor
I hate those ad’s but I barley get them on my ad’s, I usually get Genshin impact ad’s but I already have it. When I do get the ad’s like that I check the reviews, well for any games/apps at that, just in case there is a virus. (I check the one star’s and the other stars and if I see more bad which usually happens then I don’t get it)
They do nothing cuz we live in a stupid capitalist world
I soooo agree when the add lies to you  Like bruh
I'm puzzled about how game companies allow their intellectual property to be used for false advertising but will have YouTubers banned for a bad review. 👎
These types of ADS were banned and ilegal but they are back now, they somehow revoked it
The endurable timbale micrencephaly reflect because distributor perioperatively compare sans a sore dock. painstaking, present barge
PLEASE DO FNAF NEXT
Next theory should be Zooba the zoo battle Royale, brain tumor theory
3 Smallest things to ever exist: 3:grain of rice 2:grain of sand 1:the X button on mobile game ads 😂😂
The last theory Chanel should be "Meme Theory"
Can you beat level 5, noob vs pro, mom vs Dad. *These were the 3 central powers of misleading bad app games that would appear on your phones* . Until mafia city and some zombie game attacked
Got one of those ads while watching this
why no mobile legends?
Is it creepy that I have seen so many shitty ads like this, that I have an automatic filter for them?
Yo mat. You gotta check out binding of isaac again. Loads of new stuff has been added since you did your last video on it, including repentance which came out just a few days ago. There's so much more that you gotta see, and there's loads to dissect.
I love banished - glad to see you're giving that game some visibility!
What if this ad was from country other than USA?
Okay the real crime they can be sued for is stealing footages and that’s about it
Can we all say f u to voodoo for making all the trash games
When did annotations go away?
Fact: good mobile games still exist. you just gotta dive in for a bit
I’ve seen so many adds that take gameplay from beam’ng drive and claim that it is their own game
He should do real life theory that should be blue
Its not a theory its the truth
You forgot war thunder
Anyone else get an ad like that during the video?
Hey that’s just a game theory but not really
Why can’t we just go back to 2010 when mobile games were actually fun?
I am above Level 4000 in Gardenscapes (do not ask me about this please) and I have NEVER come across those minigames from the ads. I have seen the ads on my social media though. XD
Fun fact the garden scape games are not banned in America 😅
Surevthe i
these commercial are cringe
Well... those adds are the hard work of others.
The gardenescape one my brother play it. It took about 3-4weeks full around 5-12hours of playing to get to level 180-230 how long that girl play?
Greedy companies when they found out 50% of the community is unsupervised dumb children:  "We've got to have, money!"
Before this I had a weird anime app ad and I tought is part of the video. It looked kinda illegal
:O
Did you know:  Anytime you install something you will get more ads relating to that, Because they know you like the game.
I remember when I was amazed by a playable ad. Those were the days before they said they were playable and when you click it it takes you to the App Store.
I've had instances where I would like to know what the totaly legit games that they advertise are called.
I got a mobile game ad on this video :/
it's sad their are some many good mobile games like genshin impact mobile,crossing void ,shadowverse  and etc but because of bad mobile games ads people don't try to reason and play mobile games.
I hate those game commercials lol and one popped up as an ad before your video played
Each time i see this ads i just feel sad
The abandoned bow respectively chase because prose relatedly risk toward a merciful tom-tom. quick, husky trip
Do theories on game COC =Clash of Clans
If homescapes and gardenscapes wouldn’t have made those misleading ads, I would have continued playing. The game is just fine, but it is just plain wrong to make an ad that has almost no relevance to the game itself. Also, this is by far the... longest comment I have done in my life....
What do you mean in gardenscapes before i stopped playing i was in level 1396 and i didn't even get them once
Thanks for the vid grate explanation
Could you please do a Coraline theory? About the belldown?
The intro is the good part
5:38 What’s worse is I think a few of the games have good concepts but the developers are just too lazy to actually utilize that good idea
∆∆∆
Quick answer to this question: no?
Prosecuted *
Subtle. Showing a cop committing a crime that doesn't get persecuted. While in the animation it was jaywalking, in the real world it's murder. But you still have the same idea of cops not being persecuted for the crimes they commit.
Finally someone bringing this topic to the surface.
Ngl some are addicting lol
Ima just say its illegal so the ads can leave me alone lmao
Hey I just wanted to know that who are "the seven" in fortnite. I hope this becomes I film theory video.
I remmber those rectangles on youtube that had text
No need to remind me of the annotations.. Man I can feel old sometimes (My account is new but I had other accounts older than this)
Can you do a video on the fake you tube add next please.
My mom is on level 8765 in Gardenscapes, she’s literally run out of levels from the developers, and she’s only ever seen the “bad dreams” about 8 times.
While watching this I got an ad...and it was the same ads you were talking about
may i say. hustle castle is a good mobile game. other than the ads being misleading
My dad played to level 2000
I remember guns of glory stealing from pixelated Apollo the funny thing is... the footage they stole was from the video I was watching  Good try
Neat
I mean if akimbo deagles can beat full fetch assault rifles then yeah it's illegal  -Codm
And this is why I have youtube premium
I dont know how but i think i saw this video 1 year ago
The big problem about regulating these kinds of blatant, misleading clickbait-y games is that a good deal of them are made by developers outside the US. Different countries, different laws, right?
Can you make theory about new dlc to the binding of isaac?
Mobile ads be like: ONLY 1% OF PPL CAN BEAT THIS GAME
This is so true and I hate it
Can you make a theory about binding of Isaac repentance?
Can you theorize about “Fun Times With Ayumi”???? Lots of really interesting stuff there.
that stick E P I C
Anime sites be like: YOU WON'T LAST *FIVE MINUTES* PLAYING THIS GAME
Do a plants vs zombies theory
i love the use of the Diablo 3 Mercy's Gaze wings
Below this video, there is an Easter add that say, an EPIC deal
Whats sad is that one of the ads in the video was exactly what he was talking about
I am soooo glad that gardenscapes and homescapes were banned in the uk
Could you do a changed theory please
EPIC
What we need is a new temple run
Yo I hate the 3 mobile games. Homescapes/gardenscapes.**reason** the crappy mini games that are only actually mentioned in the game every 10 lvls or so and the  add depicts that it is the whole game**I can’t annotate a homescapes add :(** Rise of kingdoms**reason** it doesn’t relate to the game it’s like they animate these adds really well and the game is a crappy tycoon**example** omg I just got bullied by a lvl 40 and I’m lvl 3 I’m gonna find gold, OMG I found gold lol I’m lvl 69 now I’m gonna bully him now XD Fish.go**reason** i see the same add but different people in it and the game devs are trying to hard to fit in **example this is the actual add** *there are only 3 types of players in fish.go, the noob who get rekt, the guy who only fuses fish, and the pro who rekts all people.
Please listen to me u missed creepers and the dogs and every thing about creeper also the fear of  piglins in  soulsang and blue fire
Hi matpat My name is George  GAME SONIC IS FAST and i have a reason so i hope you see this   My reason is in sonic 3 and knuckles  and knuckles and knuckles and knuckles and knuckles and knuckles and knuckles and knuckles   At the start of the game you see tails and sonic on the tornado then sonic goes super then knuckles hit sonic out of his super form the only other person of animal thats done that is eggy he used a machine to draine the emeralds out of him other then that super sonic is op and immortal ( im ten and dont know if its the right word) but this guy punches sonic out of it and knuckles strengthen is =      to sonics speed so sonic is fast.  I've been a fan for 4 years  if you c this try and make me wrong.
The funny thing is my dad is on lvl 6000 of this game and hasn’t seen a single mini game
There is only one option left that's absolutely required to stop these malicious ads. *BAN THEM.*
the intro is still a banger
This is every mobile ad ever: So I found a game for buddies You basically control the (random object eg ball) With (any superpower) Or your finger
okay 2 things.  1. Shouldn't youtube have some sort of.. ad guideline or something? I'm wondering, what is youtube censoring out exactly? Does Youtube even look through the ads and try to crosscheck if whatever the ad is showing is fake?  2. Could you do the Genshin Impact lore? It's completely safe, it's a simple RPG / Battle game that doesn't show fake ads, and I can confirm that because most of the Genshin ads are from Genshin Impact and shows real gameplay. It's SFW, and has some really cute characters :)
Hey i have an idea for a Chanel you Can make it kan be named “the life theorists”
Most of the fake ads that im seeing its mostly a misleading game that wants you to buy their imaginary currency and is filled with ads of another game and sometimes they will even ask you to buy REMOVE ADS some of the other games are really low quality and is filled with ads its obvious that they are targeting children so they can earn money through ads
Some mobile games are legal such as battle cats and geometry dash, others aren't
worst part is probably that they are bitcoin mining on ur phones cuz these games weigh like 300mb more than messenger so tf ?
another one is hitmaster is pipe game in the ad while the actual game has shooting bad guys
Wouldn't necessarily call watching your townsfolk and their innocent children slowly starving to death through winter relaxing.
Please please talk about the new Disney movie
The times where I always get those ads is when I'm playing a game that was advertised to me. Yes I'm talking about you voodoo games.
Thing is is that the intro is 100% true
Annotations I miss them
I thought this was Game Theory. Not Game Reality.
God how I HATE ADDS
sound like its made by the canadian devil
I wish it's 2010
_"Theory Stock Photos"_
I have a cousin in grade 3 She plays these games like: FUN RACE 3D,RUN RUN GAME,CRAZY GAMES: This is filled with dumb 2d games  I can't explain how much I get angry at these games
When are you going to do a clash of clans theory they said they are doing 3 more games
Epic Games
Those ads are click bait anyways so the creators of ads should be warned to make no clickbait
Play goat simulator it’s good
"Power player" thats a wierd way to say children huh?
Anyone miss the days where a mobile game would be a demo up to a certain point or you could buy a game and it wouldn't have microtransactions?
As we're talking about multiple different ads. I've seen so many for rise of kingdoms. The ads are so fake and it hurts. I'm sick of them and I could report them to YouTube but it won't do anything.
Guys if you see a warpath add just watch the add and in the add REALISIM then you cant even control someting
Me a mobile user: I hate you Mobile ads: ok we dont care
Anyone else get one of those mobile ads on this video? It's hilarious
This man went from rune scapes to Darwin real quick
Finally, *Mobile ads are violent and disturbing*
Nice vid now post another minecraft lore 🔫😄
Matpat make a theory about brawl stars and about starr Park its really has a lot of loor
Ahhh the times I was forced to watch and download Gardenscapes just to get their promotions in other apps
When he went to the older videos, I saw him again. I tried hard to forget, but it's impossible.
My favourite part of the intro was when he said “epic”
For the blue you should make A seire theory
"EPIC" - Nelson Mandela
What could be another channel for mat that he could make (blue could be the colour)   Please, this would finally make my life whole
Damn I miss the annotations 😔
How ironic I got an ad like this while watching this video
2:35 bro what I’m on level 30 something and I’ve played over ten of them at least
Minecraft mystery: The biggest question ever, dear matpat. Why did Tekkit die??  It struck an amazing balance between giving you more to do, and having the world more or less untouched by the mod. It was really good, and there are alot of people like me, that miss it dearly. ATM are too excessive. And alot of other mods just feels off, not as well integrated and buggy. In Tekkit, everything worked with everything.  Sincerely, Austin.
Mobile game add on the video 😹
I saw all of there channels logos and i found out that they are marking there channels with the circle around   It and that circle has space for four and they have three so it means they will make another channel
This guy should make a "Life Theory"       Theories on everyday things and everyday big corporations.
i watch the Video and there an ad And its NOT A MOBILE GAME
Wow that was really cool
Its beenn quite a while since the last the binding of isaac theory and with the new dlc out and new reveals in the lore i think it would make a pretty good video
I think matt pat should do a theory on my hero academia because of season 5 (copy it if you want to)
Bitcoin is defying all laws of nature and TA in this new era with many speculations and many predictions gone wrong, it's outrightly wrong to just sit back hodl and wait maybe incur some losses along the line, that's a wrong mindset for an investor because as an investor finding ways to always increase and stack up more coins thereby making prof!ts should be the way of life, even experienced traders are in a doubt to take long or short position.Prices rocket up inconceivably bitcoin on it's way to $80,000. If said thing is to happen, it will be very unwise for you not to know how to Increase your Bitcoin instead of Just Hodlin. I got this tips first hand from  Aaron Addison  He is always one step ahead of other traders, he fully monitored all my trades to avoid me making mistakes and losing my money. My earnings has increased drastically from 2 Bitcoin to 9 Bitcoin in just 4 weeks and some days. I have full confidence in his tradin abilities. You all can reach out to him through cryptokruz.com
Bro matpat I love the like fake game production companies. They are so funny. I really like meh media
I always report those adds
"Can you reach pink level?" "Mom 😂 Vs Dad 😤" "Only 5% of people can do this" "Oh my god this is so hard! **proceeds to do stuff that is always wrong that is seriously can be seen that are wrong**" "Fake videos of other gameplay, that isn't even inside the normal game. For example: Aphmau playing Minecraft with among us morphs, in reality the game is just among us spin-off"
On the topic of mobile games, I honestly would like matpat make a genshin impact theory. Like, its ok if he doesn’t, it was just something I would like to hear about from matpat.
That fake Android thingy i still het thinks about that
The dislike is dev mobile cringe ads
SUPEER VPN: Minecraft Mods  Reality : VPN
I have been playing Lily's garden since the start of quarantine, seeing the gameplay in this video gave me ptsd
My mom plays homescapes and she never got the minigames but sheactually like these lind of games so meh
Can we go back to jet pack joyride, angry birds epic, pvz days
Theory fof crow 64: translate the title in crow language
I kinda want a theory about the more recent events of Binding of Isaac
I found a ad it was called super Bob's world and in the ad they literally just had u play 1-1 from mario
Haven’t been on this channel in a while and THE INTRO!!! WHAT HAPPENED
I'm always boggled by the fact that I really love the game Lily's Garden, but didn't know the ads were so fckd up.
Can we report them for harassmen?
This is the reason why I only play the games with big names in the game community
I always HATED these ads
You're Right
We need Ｄｒｅａｍ　Ｔｈｅｒｏｙ．
Jeeeeeeez. YT Annotations. That’s a knock back
*man being hold for ransom* person: *hit him with a pillow*
The only ads I hate getting are the ads from this channel.
check out something called “the worldbox trailer” its the only ad i ever seen without clickbait (i have the game)
Hey matpat! Can you make a video on Cicada 3301? Its so cool.
No one else follows the rules cause no one cares bout em
r/fuckhomescapes
Hey matpat if Vanny not the princess does that make up the mom Michael Afton the crying child in Elizabeth
Hey there is a new game called Friday night funking one thing there vswhitty123 idea of game Theory what whitty are bomb friend why did he get simbols for eyes and what's he's past
> ...play a better game > Super Mario 3D World + Bowser's Fury Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well.
One time I got an Ad of bendy and Cuphead Making a baby and Killing Freddy
If you turn your internet off when you play a mobile game with ads that is an offline game, you wont get the ads.  If you are playing an online game and has ads, just DONT.               like this comment to help others
UR NOT RUINING MY CHILDHOOD YOU ARE BRIGHTENING IT BECAUSE U ENDED FNAF
11:35 yeah glasses that cure blindness I'm not falling for that. If they were real they would have been labeled in braille duh how is someone whose blind supposed to read "cures blindness"
I’m going to start calling idiots “power players”
Alyssa: lvl 965 on Gardenscapes Me, who has a mom in lvl 7800+: *pathetic*
But I wasn't born in 2011
Do a theory on Pokemon go as I don’t know why they use candy instead of exp level to evolve and power up
AgUcdwuw
No one is talking about ronnie Edwards anymore wtf-
“That’s how mafia works”
Watch dani dev reacting to stubid ads
see that channel... EPIC
I once saw an ad that had GTA 5 footage for a racing game... A RACING GAME
I've gotten ads that have stolen YouTubers animations and I know that it's stolen because the same app I'm recommended is using different animations every time. This is a crime!
Never expected myself to be watching Matpat again, but here we are, this video is good enough and fun to watch, back to the good ol days :)
I have homescapes and I get a mini game every 40-50 levels.
YOUUU BADD ' GAME MONEY OFF NOWWWWW ' /O-=-O/
All I know that mobile game ads are cancerous
Whats next the book theorist in a blue color where youll solve the lore of book serise like warriors by erin hunter
This topic reminds me of the mailbox thefts I have been dealing with. It IS illegal steal from the mailbox but unless it's over several thousands of dollars the police, post office and postal inspector do not care. The postal inspector receptionists that take the claim even pretty much tell you that we will listen and record your complaint, but it is up to the inspector to decide whether it is important enough to return your call or even care about your situation. Don't believe me? Just call them yourself! And remember kids! It is a felony to steal from mailboxes, but you WILL NOT get in trouble for it!
"Suck the money dry till they fight back" "But it's unethical!" "No... It's printing money! Muwhahahahahahahahahaha Bwahahahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahahahaha"
I try so hard not to see a face when I look at the FTC logo but I can't help it. The scale makes up the eyes and nose and the eagle is the mouth. I can't NOT see it as a face
So Game theory is the first channel that I saw that had the determination and the care to make a video about these non-stop, no one cares ads! I’m amazed.🤩 have. A good one everyone also it’s my B day!🥳. Happy birthday to everyone that has their birthday today as well!
Thank you GT for this video.  Glad people are noticing and not just me and friends.  Keep it up!  Also quick question, which Metal Gear or Gear depending on all types of mech like deadly weapons, which would really win against one another if not be the most deadly to have made?
Scribble Nauts am I the only one who notices?
I h a t e t h e s e a d s
Dude it's just marketing technique
Theory: the spirit from FNF is the juice from kool-aid man!
I have a theory for you What if William afton was not actually in hell  Now hear me out what if Cassidy somehow put William afton in Michael afton’s body and I know it don’t make sense but what if in fnaf 3 Cassidy was controlling William’s body in spring trap and micheal thought it was actually William  Please look deeper into my theory and if you do thank you😁✌️
I hate the ads that say        Only 1% can solve
Me with YouTube premium: is this some peasant joke I’m too rich to understand?
10:30 - NO mask can prevent you from catching a virus. The point of the masks from the start was to prevent OUTGOING infections, not INCOMING infections. Also, happy one year anniversary of the _end date_ of "15 days to _slow_ the spread"
I’ve played Dragon Awaken- but not because of the ads. I got bored and searched Google to see if there were any good dragon games out there. This came up at the top and it’s got almost nothing to do with dragons...
The real problem is that these people sometimes seem to breed like locusts.
everybody share this video
How did this video turn up from me searching my own username? It doesn't seem to have anything to do with Nathans or stoats.  Whatever, I hadn't watched this episode yet anyway.
How old is ash Ketchum I mean Ketchup sorry ur about to get no sleep
Hopefully google and apple can pick up the slack of the FTC, and ban misleading ads in their TOS
11:17  ngl oliver stevens looks a bit like markiplier
MatPat doing gods work right now. Thanks so much
Can be netx friday night funkin? about lemon demon
Best mobile games: 1. Flying Gorilla 2. Minecraft PE 3. Flying Gorilla 2
I've been getting these, but its real Friday night funkin even though its like a roblox  Game version
Hey   There’s something strange about nightmare fredbear if you speed up his laugh you get a child laughing
please make an episode about lily's gardens and her timeline
This is why I like Honkai Impact 3rd and Genshin Impact ads so much, it actually shows real gameplay and has great original music too
Meanwhile in Mexico: BoOpkIds iS An ApP tO lEaRn *dRaWs aMogUs cHaRacTer*
It’s been so long since last I’ve seen an episode
10:49(this has been happing to me it sucks but they dont happen that often so I guess its ok)
Level 1334 personally. No i haven't wasted any of my time
i hate the ads that are so innapropriate because little kids see them and i don’t like seeing them either
The ads are all lies. All those games suck.
i remember those colored squares and im 11
Gametheory need to make a theory of this new game called "Olija"
You would not *believe* what ad I got before this: "Video call and chat Imposter of Among Us"  And it has Among Us and Friday Night Funkin' in it... wtf.  Edit: AND Megalovania, and things from Newgrounds,
What's even worse is that mobile ads are starting to hide the "X" button now
Lets be honest... Mobile games in general have become a dumpster fire in the past year.
Who else got the kinda ads he is talking about...
Ironically the ads that came up were those fake game ads lol
Ok but really banished is actually a rlly fun game🙌
A good game dragon raja
How did this started fom game ads to freaking evolution
AYY FOOD THEORY IS IN THE INTRO NOW!!! Either that or I just didn’t notice it before.
if it makes you feel any better, i do remember annotations. the good ol days.
Their evolving just backwards
Bro he should make a exposing Channel
Man he is sooo good at explaining things
One Day I Saw An Ad For A Game Where You Have To Solve Something In The Ad They Were Using Among Us Characters With Missing Parts And You Have To Draw Them
Me: Deadeye derby :)
wouldn't that mean that every non game play trailer for a game is illegal
Haven't watched it yet, but I hope so.
Even without IAP, they still got some money by In-App Advertisement. Especially true for offline game that require internet connection.
i remember when most mobile games were good (such as cut the rope, where's my water and yu-Gi Oh! Duel Links) but now it seems over time they had less effort put into them.
Ya plannin' to make another Dream SMP theory? Just asking cause i whould love to see it!
i actually wish the mobile apps were not this simple. Like now.
Hay can you do a theory on another eden
965? Those are amateur numbers, my dad has 6509 levels
i love you matpat. thank you
Yes I have mobile Youtube and fell for games cause of the ads. For example lords mobile or Lord kingdoms mobil or z nation and makes me mad
As someone who played homescapes cuz of the ads, I hate those ads
Genshin has mastered the art when it comes to getting Whales. But the thing is they ALSO mastered the truth in advertising. ;>
What I dont understand is when this adds steal gameplay and copywrighted characters for their games... And they do that from big games! Pokemon, Diablo... That is actually stealing, so you may not be PAYING for the app, but Nintendo and Blizzard are absolutely loosing money and reputation for that...
When has anyone searched for piracy in the average household?
we need some toy theory
YOOO I JUST REMEBERED ANNOTATIONS IM SO OLD
I clicked on this video and didn't get an answer :(
Theory Friday Night Funkin' Please
Why I got an ani babe ad before this vid
Mobile ads disgusts me in every way to no end
I used to play homestead and I got three but lost one
Lilly's Garden kiiiind of follows through with what they advertise.  Almost.  In any case, I really like the characters and gameplay despite the misleading ads. =]  Why they put quite a lot of thought and effort in their ads (seriously, compare them to other ads) but don't make it more accurate to the actual game, I'm not sure.
The only adds I like are simply piano adds lol
I don’t understand how these games are more popular than some competitive strategy or fps games that are also in mobile.I always thought no one would play these games cuz there just so stupid but apparently not
Is it evolution or intelligent design? God I’d love to know...
3:20 who else searched this game up to see if it's real and not find it
What's sad is that I have lost faith in mobile gaming getting any more advanced than what it already is. Everything that tries to bill itself as innovative on mobile, in my eyes, is a scam.
The title“are your mobile games illegal” No sir, I have terraria and Minecraft, but pop up add games wouldn’t surprise me Also wtf is that thumbnail? Like... why?
Haha I got premium
Hey so I just got a trailer for the new space jam you should do a theory on that.
I relate to this A LOT.
Some even include some kind of controversial materials like body-shaming. Believe me, Project Makeover had those over the top level kind of things and I hated it!
Dibs on the mobile game name "The Epic Epic"
G, Dark fantasy ARPG - She Will Punish Them (Beta.HD).
This made me miss the super amazing endcard tournaments 😭😭
My mind when playin games: 0:39
1:13 This ad is about soap,i saw it one time Lol
what about those "make real money" games or "win 5 ipones a week" games who don't give the promissed rewards? i dunno about other people, but i grinded those things for the rewards! i watched an add for 5-15 cents each till i had the 200 bucks needed to cash in and the game does not give them!
I can't tell you how many times I've seen Hero Wars ads. I absolutely abhor how frequent and long running these ads are. Months and months of that same game that I have absolutely no interest in shoving ads in my face so much that I want to file a complaint about it.
Matpat would be an awesome lawyer
the most EPIC thing in this video is the intro
What am I waiting for? What ami waiting for?! I'm waiting to see this epic trailer!
I am the enemy of mobile games. I have never spent a penny on them, and if I reach a point where it feels like I can't continue to enjoy it without spending money, I stop playing it. If I am going to spend money on a game, it's gotta be worth it. And I have never found a mobile game that's worth it.
ok its my first time watching game theory again and i just find the intro having the film and food theory players REALLY FREAKING COOL
No Child should be exposed to any iPads or iPhones
I am so happy that somone finally confronted these guys !
Play raft and theory
And this is exactly why I don't play mobile games.  I play plenty of games on my phone...but not mobile games.
Hi game theroy how are you? Do you like making videos? I just wanted to see how u were and can u pls heart my comment? Bc ur my fav youtuber and ive never got a heart from u
PLZ DO A LUIGI MANSIONS
I think the only game ad that didn't lie to me was the Archhero one. Sure it was a bit over the top, but atleast showed actual gameplay.
I think the steal other games footage is the worst, I'm in the beamNG community and there is tons of mobile games using beamNG for advert footage when the game so far has been too advanced for even lower end PCs
Youtubes TOS also known as Terms of service actually says that you cant have multiple ads running
evolution? return to monke
I mean my little brother did see a inappropriate ad 🤣
I got a drifting game ad and it was Forza horizon 4
EPIC
There's gonna be that one dude who makes the entire video an advertisement.
Meanwhile me gatting stuck in add that had a stolen animated video:
You know what should be illegal, making the X button so small that when you click on it, it takes you to the app store.
Hey please do Friday night funkin
A mobile game called top war , avoid it. It is a lying pay to win game. The adds are nothing like what it is. A LAZY EXCUSE OF A GAME!!!
I am so glad I’m not the only one who thought this has to be illegal
Was it just me but I got ads that he was talking about
I get the same ads in australia but our false advertising laws are far stricter. They're not against US laws, but they're operating globally, breaking laws in multiple places, so it's more complex.
Don't r/woooosh me on this, but Obama's last name is actually Obama. His full name is Obama Obama. His son's name is Brock Obama, the major character in the popular game/anime franchise, Pokémon. Game Theory should get on this NOW.
I just got one of these adds at the begging game if the video lmao
It's not a game theory, it's game facts
Thank you so much for finally getting involved into the war of these ads I hated
FINALLY
He should do a theory on white noise
See that poop over there *EPIC*
I would like to add matpat that some ADs also play videos from youtube. Which is very illegal cause that's stealing content that they didn't make
E P I C
E P I C
epic
I haven’t seen the video but it isn’t a scam if you didnt pay anything. Right?
I've seen these ads straight up steal pokemon sprites
Raid shadow legends adds
i have seen all of these dum games it least you helped me gain some sanity :)
John 3:16 "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life."  Have a blessed day, brothers and sisters in Christ!
At school I saw someone with a game theory sweater so whenever they did something good I whispered: ya did good, game theory sweater.
I recently wrote a paper on mobile game ads for school and it's nice to see research used in a Game Theory video that I knew the sources of.
So, it's not a crime if it's not enforced? Well, in that case... (Start's rolling barrel's down sidewalk's) I love florida!
y'know fishdoom or idk the name, my brother downloaded it and I was confused-- I'm sure my brother was expecting a fish game where you save the fish and it's the same game as gardenscapes, but with fish.
I once had an add that was using game from Spider-Man on the PS4 but the colours were inverted and it was for a totally different cheap mobile app that prob a 10 year old made😂🗿
Stupid click bait adds
Is there gonna be a new fnaf book theory???
Oof
Hey Matt u think I know where Glitchtrap really came from he came from the circuit boards from fnaf 3 mitigames because when the tapes from Help Wanted Fazbear Entertainment gave the game developers circuit boards and that is where I think they came from
Epic
Matpac: gee what ever happened to truth in advertising  Me: welcome to the 2000s
Always when I download those  games ı forget about them after a day...
If I ever run for president my campaign slogan will be  *’Come on bro, just vote for me’*
%m
You should do a little indie game called DERE EVIL EXE
i watched a few food theory videos but no game theory recently and the game theory theme song felt like coming home just now
Thank you so much for making this video! It's been bugging me ever since the first ad with that style popped up. I really hate that they get away with it so I'm happy to see you're addressing it!
"Are Your Mobile Games ILLEGAL?"  Me who has clash of clans, jetpack joyride, Tetris, angry birds: No, but a legendary one
Mobile game ads gave me visual cancer
Remember that pokerus some of my pokemon got it
You know the ad is false if it makes a 1 word catchphrase then mentions a character best described in one word and it says it three times
I found a fnaf piece of baby in the official fnaf coloring book
I got an ad asking me if I was r3tart3d and it was a mobile basketball game
MattPat there is a finnal true ending to the binding od Isaac: Rebirth any thoughts?
EPIC
I seen ads that steal from Cyanide and Happiness.
Great vid 👍🏽
One time i was watching a minecraft vid and then next sec a ad with footage of Dream playing a plugin or idk u will see only one chuck
Another stupid type of advertisement: Do you know those “rpg” mobile games where each hero’s rarity is determined by the amount of stars? There will be one guy who says: “Look, I got a FIVE STAR hero!” And then another says: “Uhmm I have a THIRTEEN STAR hero!” The first guy will go: “Whaaat, how?” And then the other reveals they were playing two completely different games and that the game with the thirteen star hero is better because it’s so easy to get a thirteen star hero.
Literally at the start of watching this video I got one of them adverts when they play deliberately bad and keep losing😭
So the kinda ads that strel from other gamescan be taken down by the ACTUAL game dev
My dad is literally addicted to that one fishdom game
Matpat talking about crazy mobile ads meanwhile the entire world is literally turning into an advertisement engine
Why hello
I literally got an ad for gardenscapes lmao
MY CAT           *EPIC*
Cygames: EA but more mobile
The spotty icon tinctorially drag because leek basically whisper like a vacuous season. sad, shrill gong
this should've been sponsored by some mobile game with fake ads
When is the next fang video
I know a game. Theres a game that shows you can play with slime. The only way to play is to pay a $20 month AND THE GAME ISN’T EVEN THAT GOOD!
Mobile Gaming is ruining gamining. We need soem serious regulation and player protection
Hey Matt, When is the next petscop theory? There is already a few more videos to go off of so this would be the perfect time for a new petscop vid
so how does wish work you pay money for a let's say a appel phone and what you get is different the whole web site is a lie and you pay money so how is that still up? you whod think the FTC  will do something but wish has been doing this for so long?
I keep getting fortnite mobile ads and the footage is all on pc
wow
Short answer: Yes.
I have a theory idea but no theory fnf
I played a game where I would get adds and they used to advertise the actual garden and home scape
Their next channel should be legal theory or somthing
Epic
0:43 *bfb reference*
When you get a misleading mobile ad when watching about how misleading mobile ads are
The one that bothers me the most is rise of empires trying to make you think that they ported age of empires into mobile but when you play it is NOTHING like AOE, how can they get away with it baffles me
MatPat:download my new game today it will be the best game ever  Me:what the heack is this
I kinda hope for a Genshin Impact theory lowkey
I wouldnt be surprised if an israeli karen would sue the frick out of them games for false advertising
H8 mæ5 0æ5 5hæçk 697 f94 d3ç9d38ñg 5h8ß! (Sorry for any spelling mistakes!)
EPIC video
do a theory about rob lox
She got twice in the whole game? I got twice in the first30 minutes..
There us a mobile game add saying: do not try this app you will fall asleep
What about the ads that try to sexually manipulate kids into downloading
Could you do me a favour and do another Theorie on the Binding of Isaac?  The new and final DLC just came out like...3 days ago
I’ve seen these ads everywhere on mobile games. They are cancerous.
Remember the lonely Freddy’s? They are the little Freddy’s on the bed in fnaf 4 i think
Lol my dad in homescapes is in level 3206 rn and played it for 1 year and a half
Say are you Sponsored by Epic or whats the deal ?
NOOOOO STOCK PHOTO MAN WAS TRICKED INTO DOWNLOADING A COPY OF EVERY MOBILE GAME TODAY CANDY CRUSH 😭😭💀 I AM NOW DEAD IN THE GROUND BURIED 💀😭😭🙁🙁🙁😟😟😨😖
Kids shouldn't fall for these sort of things, I'm talking to you iPad kids out there
I mean, if you pirate a game, it's illegal, but is anyone going to persecute you?
can we have a new binding of isaac theory
i dont know
Are we also gonna point out how there are literally uh... Adult games advertised on YouTube?
965? Pathetic My sister is on lvl 3,442
Heyyyy you have a pixel 4 yea wee know it
Most of these are scams
Man I wouldn't have fallen for this 3 decades ago when I was a child.
The intro is dope
The premium liquid weekly report because africa iteratively flood out a synonymous man. smoggy, late milk
Amazing video
Mobile games used to be so good
F
My cat beet dog
gay
matpat please see this megagoodzila came in the film kingkong vs goodzila
me: tries to skip intro by clicking left arrow (PC) me after 1 second: deaf
E
Can we get a theory about the doctor in farcry 3?
do a terraria video now please we need now Mathew Patrick the terraria lore is really hard specifically the story
Anyone else see that springtrap? 0:48
Thank god game theory is EPIC
This is. So true
So THAT was the secret agenda behind the Super Amazing End Card Tournament. MatPat, you sly dog.
*When the video Ends* Me: well okay that was very entertaining Moblie ad : I cant- Me: NOPE
A random mobile game dev: i have a wonderful idea! LET'S MAKE GAMES OUT OF THOSE ADS!!!
Sometimes the problem with the ads is that they show the premium version of gameplay. A game called 'Rocket Sky' shows you a skippable ad every 20 seconds, including the ad. Then, you can watch ANOTHER ad to get something in game, or you can ditch the ads altogether by coughing up some money. On the bright side, it showed me a game I liked a lot more!
I saw a game called super rope man hero and it used spider man Ps4 footage
Hey once I saw a really inappropriate  game ad I just wanted to say
amogus
I wonder if it’s a bot making all these games and videos like one company has made an algorithm that produces 100s of these games and adds a day and overtime all the ads over every platform would make them bank
Here’s my theory  They can be sued but they know that anyone who fell for it is probably a child and a child 99% of them wouldn’t sue
All the dislikes are ad creators
Finally someone is talking about this!
I have a video closely related to this. Called "IF YOU PLAY MOBILE GAMES, THIS IS IMPORTANT" It really is important. Economy will die in the future, literally. Please watch it
You know whats funny I GOT ONE OF THOSE FAKE
Me: watches this and literally gets one of the ads in discussion
Ot is illegal for it is called plagerisum or copy write base on federal law.
Uhmm.. Is this some kind of ad joke im too adblocker to understand?
I miss annotations
Do a video on the Highest Possible Score on Luck Be a Landlord
They waste time, and time is money friend
Unus annus is back !!!!
Oh my God I literally got one of those ads while watching this video
I think that mobile games need to be held responsible for the adds that they are showing. Especially mobile games targeted towards children.
Do a theory on brawl stars
Do a theory on brawl stars
Does anyone know wtf ”i cant reach pink color” means? Cuz i sure dont!
Do a theory on brawl stars
Do a theory on brawl stars
Do a theory on brawl stars
Epic doesn't even sound like a word anymore.
Do a theory on brawl stars
if mobile games want good ads, they should make a good games
Mobile ads: install me please!!!!!! me: download an ad blocker mobile ads: bruh!!
Yes
Wait, the game actually exists? Hero rescue? Yay!
"Hello Krombopulos Michael? Yeah, I got your next targets, make these ones suffer extra for me thx bb."
The sad part of all this is some of these games are actually great games if you're into their type of gameplay. I happen to love Gardenscapes and Homescapes and have been playing them for years (I'm in the 4000's in gardenscapes). These adds give them a bad rap. I hate it because then people are disappointed when they install it. I've also played the original gardenscapes for PC which was a hidden object game and Farmscapes which was an earlier version of what gardenscapes turned into. The biggest difference with these older games is that they actually had an ending and had no in-game purchases.
I got an ad saying i had 49 viruses on my phone and i had to get an app that was $119 a year
Me:how many i get ads mobile legends
I’m so used to skipping sponsor segments that I skipped the intro thinking it was one of them
I like the the start of the intro has a spring trap doll or whatever it is
That’s so epic
Me who uses adblock:
Mat can you do a complete recap on the Fnaf story line
I think if you can make a theory about Friday night funkin cause there’s some sus stuff
Wow, in the middle of the video I got an add about that ‘tile’ add. Anybody get that add or the same thing happened?
🤎
Could you make a video on how/why Mario "died" and how this will affect the lore?
Health issues associated with depression and aggravation and buyers regret.
Monika had the sans eye lol
I'm literally phobic to Youtube Ads, because it's annoying and misleading. So i swiped and reopened the video oftenly if the ads were triggered
I like how he said "dogs are stronger than cats" so we just gonna ignore lions cheetahs tigers ok I guess so
my mom loves garden scape
They are legal        Legally skilled 😎
At least FNF is not like that, plus you should make a game theary about this game and its mods
Don’t even talk about the fake X and the X so tiny you click it but it sends you to the App Store.
I play homescapes and i have gotten the mini games several times, but i am also in the 4000's (I think im close to level 4600)
HEY I HAVE A CHALLENGE FOR U GAME THEORY
Well some of us have been trying to do stuff. No one listens tho ;-;
China china china.....
Do a theory on how strong Minecraft zombies are to withstand Steve’s punches I think that would be cool.
Her: I like bad boys Me: plays mobile games
can you do a theory about little nightmare
me, who plays Gardenscapes and Homescapes and likes the games: *what are you saying?*
Hi Fragz hear I want to ask something about fnaf unc how can you be purple guy burning in hell if springtrap and afton are attacking why would he haunt himself
1:30 worlds best ad ever created
Some mobile games have become cheap ad delivery systems and are otherwise unplayable.
THEO
Mobile game ads are so stupid at times its funny
THE
Do a beyblade
wait...WARGAMING, WHY DID YOU ADVERTISE GRAVITY FORCE ON WOT BLITZ, BUT YOU RELEASED BURNING GAMES, BRUH
so no raid shadow legends money coming in soon
i’ve been having adds that are really messed up, like using a scrubber to look under cartoon characters clothes and i’m just not having it, this certainly is terrible and should be changed, but i guess that’ll never happen until the “big stuff” is dealt with ;w;
I think the note that the ftc has bigger fish to fry is so important! Resources are not infinant
I literally found a maybe fake ad and I always see
When i was watching this video i got a mobile Ad about: A very young girl showing her uhh Secert part To you.
These ads get old after a while and then you just get used to it
The “LOSER” whisper towards the beginning has to be a reference to Rick and Morty right?
HEY IM THE UK AND THERE ISNT A BAN OR THIS IS MISLEADING
The lacking couch correlatively flood because powder interestingly cover forenenst a left sister. educated, superficial forecast
I just want these mobile games just stop making cringe ads and make ads that does their games do
I hate those ads we need to stop them
Just want to say that if you get a Mobile Legends ad, the add is most likely not real but is still a very good game if you play it
I am a mobile youtube user but I watched this on my pc. I half expected to get one of those ads anyway.
11:18 is that markiplier?
Moses parted the red sea, and Jesus absolved all our sins by dying. Im sure someday somebody will find a way to terminate todays crooked mobile app ad system.
Yes. Roll credits.
My dad is addicted to gardenscapes lol
Finally these adds are talked about, these kinda fake adds kill my will to live
Who else just came to see the video rather then to know about the mobile games
The malnourished Chinese app developers: he's on to us!
Summoner's Greed sipping some coffee and just chillin bout this fake ads
Why shouldn't you lie? Who is the moral authority who says it's wrong to lie?
i remember they showed me one ad that is 00:53 seconds!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Some of the background music gave me unus annus flashbacks   Memento mori
Everywhere I go, i see *these ads*   Edit: Why these ads remind me Warcraft 3 Reforged
I would not be surprised if part 2 of this video is "Game Theory: Are Your Mobile Games Funding TERRORISM?"
That game called voodoo doll tho..       What a bout a lil *pinch* ...😈
Wait..... why is there TWO green spaces on the logo!
Sometimes, when an ad is too bad, I just close the video and load a different ad
I like how he uses scribblenauts sprites in pretty much every video
I hate mobile ads
I’ve played Homescapes for YEARS, they’ve now added those levels. They’ll throw one of those in between maybe every 10 puzzle levels. They’re all ridiculously easy and last 15 seconds tops.
Why don't you do a theory of the true story of lylys garden?
Call of duty is good :) it's on mobile
7:05 Yes I know what they are and if used in the right way, they were a really good tool.
A lot of game ads have been getting weirdly sexual and very sexist...
Do more minecraft  vids
Doooo genshin impact teorryy pleeeaseee
EPIC
At least we have some golden games from a game developer because companies stupid
Hey dude nice new intro! (I haven't watched in a while so sorry if it's not new 😬)
90% of this stuff is from China. . . And everybody produces stuff in Hina... So money money money...  And today youngsters are 90% of the time on internet (10% is sleeping)...so what will we do with it?   Naah it wil be fine ... money money money... I hope humanity will die out in 30 years :D so I can say "Told ya!"
Yea... Me and the detective are back!
Me who plays Monster Legends: 👁👄👁
As long as it works, it's going to stay. Unfortunately.
I swear one stupid ad is gonna steal this video and say *ONLY 1% CAN UNDERSTAND 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂*
7:05 oh my God I remember that
Wait, youtube doesn't have annotations anymore?
Ha I got YouTube premenstrual
Matpat do a theory of friday night funkin
*MY FATHER IS THE CHIEF OF NAVY*
Congratulations on hitting 14 million subscribers, MatPat!
I love that MatPat actually credited where the real footage of those adds comes from.
I love cats  DOGS EW
*HERESY*
CONGRATULATIONS FOR 14M!!!!!!
I saw that i think is the cruing childs room in fnaf1 when you die at the buzz screen. And if you dont see it you can maby fast forward
I actually been getting Real Cost advertisements, and I am not over exaggerating at all when I say even those mobile game ads would be better than the garbage I've been getting
5:33
One of these ads popped up during the video
It’s that time bois.
Oh ive fell for a few of these adds
Rip mario
Fake Adds: yup shove fake adds up everyones face till they can only watch fake adds And replace all the adds with fake ones
I definitely didn't watch this playing Homescapes...
AdBlock is your friend =) Of all the ads shown in the video, I only know the gardenscape ad.
Love the updated intro
Idle heroes add did is not a scam its true but you do thing..
I got an advert yesterday of a poker game the advert it showed me was Red Dead Redemption I would know because my dad has it
0:07 This image was made for me..... DRAGONS AND CATS!? 😻😻😻😻
anybody ever got an advert that had a fake cross on it so you would try to leave the add then it take you to install the game.
It would be so cool if International Game Theory existed.
“BUut eym da em purr us now!”
Bro the garden game my mom plays
Finally a youtuber acknowledged this fuckery
Lol my mom plays gardenscapes around 7600 and she only played those "minigames" 5 times
Fnaf theory, NOW!!!!
8:42 South Park did it!
If these mobile games are illegal, than I am the happiest man in the world.
Ok I see so many adds and it looks interesting but I will not be fooled it looks to good to be true
But at least *BANDAI NAMCO* didn't do a lies on their 2019 till 2021's Gundam game,  *GUNDAM BATTLE GUNPLA WARFARE.*
THE EPIC OF STEW! nice reference editor B)
Does ads were so annoying, especially mobile legend ads 😒
EPIC
Did anyone else get the stupid gardenscape's ad right after the video 😆
My mom played candy crush and she passed thousand of levels and im jealous
I never downloaded these games. Not that I am smart enough to not fall for it but because I was never interested in theses games
Can you pls do Friday night funkin??
But I think stealing another game's footage must have something to do with copyrights. Right?
Then there’s that basically every home renovation game has an ad where the female protagonist finds out her boyfriend is cheating on her, realizes she’s pregnant and has to return to her childhood home. Is any of this in the game’s actual story? Nope, aside from her returning to a childhood home.
Who wants mat to make a vid on VALORANT’s lore ? (Ik this has nothing to do whit the vid )
Who hates adds
Literally he says it’s the game theory but his channel is the game theorists
How about mobile legends adds 🤭
The daffy spike beverly tire because santa presumably separate vice a puzzled railway. cowardly, invincible ethernet
New binding of isacc dlc do a theory please
MatPat: Why is no one putting a stop to this? *C A P I T A L I S M*
Theres this kind of old game called oceanhorn and for the years its been out the last spell hasnt been found can you find it out not many viewers know it but its a mystery nobody has the last spell i got the gane 2 years ago its on nintendo switch find it out please im begging you if you do then uh i dont know but youre a theory channel! Do it!
Hey I actually happen to like gardenscapes, and I get a minigame every like 50 levels so...
Thank, i watch too many ads
I have been ignoring the ads all the time  I didn't know the ads are like this
the ads are so bad im fully convinced that an AI makes them and just dumps them out there
🤪🤪🤪😱😱😫😫😳ONLY 1% CAN REACH LEVEL 2 🤭😋😌😐😵😵😰😨😱
my mom yes a 40 year old got addicted to gardenscapes got to a few 100 levels but couldnt go forward so she did the only logical thing and spent 200 dollars only to quit shortly after
The mobile game sky is not bad i like the adventure and the quality
I literally got a pre roll add for a game called join clash and I doubt I’m the only one who knows what this game os
I love how I got false mobile ads whike watching this 🤣
Welcome to the land of Mobile games~  Non-mobile players: this sucks-  Mobile players: well if you skip THE WALL OF LYING ADS and actually see actual games it’s pretty ok  Non-mobile players: but you literally get spammed ads-  Mobile players: and we don’t give a Frick because we are used to it
That stick? EPICC
Man i want to see ber house i have only made it to the garden in homescapes
I got a channel idea How about Space thoery! With blue logo
Wouldn't it be less "convergent evoltution" and more a. they're copying eachother or b. they all have the same parent company (like content farms here on youtube)?
Mpble game adds be like: only 0.000000001% of humanity can pass lvl 2
Dude in my country, people are also getting FKING FAKE GODAMN MEDICINE WHICH CAN LITERALLY KILL YOU, the government in our country is just too weak to solve this.
The blue channel should be song theory
This video is EPIC
I once saw an ad for a poker game but ig used footage of red dead redemption 2 and said it was their own and o thpug it was realy bad
What is your next game theory?
False advertising
I got an add for gardenscapes
Will people ever realize how stupid they get played by ads? Probably not, majority is just stuck dumb or rather too lazy to think.
Are you doing the new Isaac update
1:26 MY FATER IS DE CHIEF OF NEVY!
I promise its not april fools
In gardenscapes my mother is level 6000+ im not joking
Starting a cult: day #1 ...        ... #StopTheillegalAd's! ...
And what about the games that feature ummm... Adult content that ends up being misleading?
Dont get me started on the 'developers' with 'studios' in their name so they sound  sophisticated
Can't relate with ads 😂😂😂 YT red boi here 😂🤣🤣🤣
PLS DO A HENRY STICKMIN THEORY! PLS!
it's just a theory a game theory
The pre school version of hog warts is pig pimples
And then you have the ads that have fake 'x' buttons and the ones that make you wait another 15 seconds after you've finished watching the 30 second one.
I see alot of fake pull the pin adds
me who enjoying Warpath cinematic trailer and see the actual gameplay : man, this is Epic and sh*t at same time
Actually the minigames happen pretty often in Homescapes, but that doesn’t make the ads less misleading. They’re fun games, I don’t get why they need to advertise something entirely different
ironically, i just saw an ad that fit the criteria
E P I C.
Best mobile games are before 2018 when this fake ads started. Not just that but most mobile game requires you to watch ad except the legendary Clash of Clans because they've been on the store since 2012 and that can ruin they're reputation. Until now, Esports game don't have ads because they can make a good profit out of it.
Watching the video is like trying to listen to someone talking while they are on crack, its just all over the place, coming at you 100mph an hour talking about random topice that have nothing to do with the original topic which is how is this legal. whichthe video nevrs covers, and thats kinda of ironic becauseof the topic they are covering.
SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT!!
Please do a game theory video on Friday Night Funkin'! It's a really fun game that's pretty interesting!
Me: casually plays video game Pin pulling ad: ight imma ruin this guy’s day!
Jokes On You Fake Ads! I Only Get Job Ads
But before we start this video, I’d like to say this video was sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends.
Can we get another doom eternal theory
So you the theorist community has the film/food/game theorists and they only occupy 3 out of the four segments of the theorist circle logo. So ive been thinking what the fourth segment could be; the world theorists, any theory about the world like for example global warming, extinction, psychology, animals etc. to finish that four segment circle
Well for me the most annoying ads are the pull the keys ads (Homescapes, Gardenscapes, Fishdom, etc.) and "imagine you have x-ray" ads which contains you having x-ray goggles and you're watching a lady taking a bath, the problem is that your x-ray goggles are pointed towards the lady's belly and you can only move up (b**bs) or down (you know what I mean), they need to be banned especially the x-ray ones because it has imaginable nsfw content in them.
I’m interested, is there at least one non-clickbait mobile game ad?
The pull game ads some did make it
Ah shut up garden scapes was good, good before the adds. Its better then  like candy crush cuz like at least there's a fricken objective like fix a garden.
Honkai impact
Honkai impact
EPIC GAMER MOMENT
0:11 Stormlight Archive fans, rise up!
2012 game ads are better
11:17 Markiplier?!
Hey MatPat, i would love a video on anything about terraria, the souls, the blades, even what the terrablade is truly made of!
As *MY* theory the owner of that *IDIOT* ad is a terrorist or bad guy And sometimes, I'm find a *ADS* that was.. Yea like a pyshco thing or sexual or idk and game theory can i have a shotout to your next vids?.
When will you react to the new hello neighbor 2 trailer?
Took you long enough
I can’t reach pink 😭
I hate the ones where they fail an easy level on purpose to try to get you to download it and prove them wrong
Wow, Epic.
I would let someone named Matthew Patthew ruin my favorite things
When are you doing a little nightmares theory. Ngl grown so impatient i made my own
The sad thing is that I click on a bunch of those scams but I’m too broke to actually make them money
AnD tHiS vIdEo Is SPONSERD BY RAID SHODOW LEGENDS
Im surprised that the people that made those original ads didn't sue the moblie game that made the game
Unfortunately my favorite mobile game (angry birds 2) has done one of those ads and is getting away with it.
Can you pls do a theory on the lore of the game nihilimbra
6:44 so those splitscreen mom vs dad ads where the mom is always better than the dad lmao
The best intro. EVER. Hilarious 😂 😂
hey uhhh mat pat i found this video that kind off uhhh did something you gfuys do but in a more over dramatic way heres the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRGsjmhqrNw
The bigger problem to me is more the stolen work of others.  Figured plagiarism would be a bigger deal than just false advertising.
When I heard "whales" I already knew everything because I also fallen to gacha hell myself
That was a really "EPIC" game theory video
The intro sounds like a world of worships ad
yeahyeah yeahyeah yeahyeah yeahyeah
10:40 Did anyone see the Epic of Stew reference or was that just me? I still to this day remember MatPat and Steph talking about it on Gtlive 😄
Now if only they can ban the games showing Age of Empires footage despite not being those games at all
0:11 Every 5 year old:
I wifi is garbage "EPIC"
I really hate those adds alot just turn off your internet on your phone if you don’t want to see them because they don’t really work without internet
Mmmmmm Power Ade! What do you mean I’m dead?
The 2k dislikes are from the kids in a sweat shop creating mobile game ads
B
Love the soap guy too tho
What I’m tryna figure out is how they are able to show women getting tortured, and guys getting seduced. And don’t even get me started on those Episodes ads.
Well watching a Mobile Games add gives you mental frustration which can have negative Health issues So according to FTC guidelines it should be illegal
[sees Dragon Awaken] Oh, it's Wartune. But with dragons. Bravo, Proficient City. Another copy-paste game. Kinda surprised it got advertised so deceptively... wait, no. No I'm not.
Glad to see someone acknowledge this
EPIC
Sooooo ..... when's the new Isaac theory?
Can someone please tell matpat to play little nightmares or little nightmares 2, because THERE ARE SO MANY UNANSWERED QUESTIONS AND SO MUCH LORE!
Corpotocracy.
When you can’t find pink color!!1!1!1!!11!!!1!
I got a mobile game ad for this video
Every game is either an idle tapping or candy crush 😭
So can we get rid of Raid Shadow Legends...please...?    I’m serious I’m tired of that game, and same goes with AFK Arena, we need to make better mobile games.
The adds are so different than the game itself
There is a mobile game called voodoopranks and it’s a game where you stick a needle in a doll and KILL and make BLOOD come out of some body when they are just going out on a date THATS SO MESSED UP!
hey game theory, i know you know it was coming, but i have a theory for friday night funk. my main question is "are lemon damon and the twins (the pumpkin and skeleton) somehow related?" I know this is a weird theory, but when you think about it, they are the only characters that have a backround screen that is in a strange environment and are the only characters that have a general look that is meant to be creepy, or in the twins case, spooky (not). my point is, is it possible for them to even be related?
Um garden scapes gives you puzzles every now and then
Congrats on 14M
ThatCyberChannel at bottom left corner at 7:06
Think about 2009,when the devs have honesty on advertising...
I literally got an ad for one of these games in the middle of this video. I hate it here
Lily's Garden ads be like  Girl haz boy Girl getz preg Boy runs away Girl is sad  To make girl feel better GIRL GETS NEW HOUSE *RENOVATES*
If matpat makes a music theory channel it will be called “Tune Theory” 100%
EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC
The struggles of having a kindle fire tablet: *You see these stupid ads every time you turn your tablet on*
That some epically epic epicness
It would mean so much if you could please finish the mass effect indoctrination theory!!
Can you undercover any theories about the battle cats
This is the end result of capitalism. It's done. We won, this is the result. It's time to do something else. If you disagree that's fine. Just accept that this is what you want. I'm not saying become the USSR, I'm saying we need to try something else. Something based more on freedom and democracy than just make the most money. Something that puts humanity's skills into making the world better rather than money into certain peoples pockets.
r/shittymobilegameads
I played hero wars bcz of ads, but now i don't
But the adds x box I smaller than a quarter of a penny
Like they don’t even credit you
Matpat the binding of Isaac update just came out called repentance and there is some really mysterious stuff
There's a company that advertises on Facebook, whose ads contains shots from the How to Train Your Dragon Franchise. It's honestly sad.
Ah I never install apps from watching ads so I was never aware that they are entirely different from the actual gameplay
I remember Annotations. I feel old for being almost 17
ive gotten at least 50 of the same hero wars ads over and over again
Hey Matpat, I know this is random and all but would the use of the plasma weapons from the Halo Universe be considered as a war crime? Love your videos and I wish you a happy Easter :)
I saw ads from some game called state of survival which literally had the Boomer and tank from Left 4 Dead in the ads as well as a few special zombies from State of Decay >.>
and the 99% of people can’t even pass this level
WHY DO MOBILE GAMES HAVE TO SPECIFY IF THEY'RE IN 3D?! WE CAN ALREADY TELL IT'S 3D, THEY DON'T NEED TO SPECIFY!
EPIC
My mom does play both garden scape and home scape and shes at LEVEL 2.347 AT GARDEN SCAPE AND AT LEVEL 3.689 AT HOME SCAPE I AM CONFUSED
Guys, I’m actually a GachaTuber, and every time I go into Gacha Club, one of these stupid ads have to show up every time I try to even edit a character.  There’s this really sketchy ad that is about slime but it also involves people putting their hands ACTUALLY INTO THE SCREEN. I know that is not possible since you wouldn’t be able to type or tap if your screen was actually slime, so it’s obviously a scam. I was also never into slime.
I lose 1 iq everytime I see one of those ads
But aren't these advertisers violating copyright laws?
Matpat can you please do a theory on little nightmares
Just glad I wasn’t the only one tricked with a Markiplier profile on match.com.
Ads are copying codes from idle ledgends from IH777 and ads are stealing it and changing it obviously like uhh DY888 etc so it’s dumb
I'll occasionally click on one of the ads, not to play the game advertised but just to see if it's actually fun. Also, protip for anyone that's found a game they love, but can't deal with the ads: Turn your phone's airplane mode on. Sadly, it blocks incoming calls and such, but if you're like me and don't have any friends or important business, it really helps.
I hope "I can't reach the pink color" becomes a 2021 meme. That be way better than CAUGHT IN 4K
Remember back when we used to be able to press the back button to get out of ads. Now we have to look for the small x button the ad forces you to find. Most of the time being FAKE!!!! TAKING YOU TO THE PLAY STORE!!!!!
I want to be like you   Fake ads: if you work hard, you be a hypocrite
Saw the Scribblenauts animation, added to Steam playlist. Thanks MatPat!
This video is the most true game theory video ever. I hate these misleading mobile games
they got me with homescapes but im actually kinda hooked on the story stuff so i dont mind with that specific example
EPIC!!!!!!
3:38 well, technically you just admitted it's the best game ever since you couldn't play anything better.
The into is most arcorrnet thing
Oh, "Epic of Stew"? I love that game, I'm on level 900 and I have over 500 hours on it! :)
I also want to know how its legal for YouTube ads to be 40 minutes long. Like, why is that advertiser just allowed to highjack whatever I was watching??? That's rude and presumptuous. There should be a time limit on ads. Heck, even those 5-6min ads are too long!
Like 5 times.
I think it would be good if games persuaded you to not buy in game things like "are you sure you want to continue?"
He just exposed millions of people. Not me, I hope..
Except ROBLOX it’s mobile and pc though ;w; you are awesome! And I think the creepers from Minecraft are villagers in suits (just a Minecraft theory)
At least Halfbrick still make half decent games. Yeah, you have microtransactions and ads, but they aren't shoved in your face. Jetpack Joyride, a 10 year old game, still holds up today.
Here is a theory The Crying child is the vengeful spirit!
Petition for MatPat to start referring to himself as "MatthewPatthew"
Not me getting a mobile game ad before the video 💀
And no money.
And cheaper.
Don't worry though it will burst. Eventually not sure when. But will eventually.
This is gambling, isn’t it?
Gray area no regulations and no unions there better thin nothing.
It's tech company's gamecanio now.
Yes.
And when I thought EA games nowadays were terrible
please do the game piggy by Minitoon
If I had a dollar for every time I've downloaded a mobile game despite having no intention of playing just in the hope that the annoying ad would stop popping up, I would be on a yacht getting a mani pedi with Ariana Grande.
I got an ad in a game for the game I was playing lol seriously I’m already playing how can I install it again
So i was thinking of this funny joke and its hard to explain so ill just give an example first I gotta find a popular video then i gott... Read more
Remember when gardenscapes was fun?
The only ad I was willing to look up was the d&d beyond one.
Guess which type of ad I got while watching this video      Not a mobile game ad surprisingly
7:39 I thought you said captions work better on the left side of the screen a few moments ago
Can you guys do a theory about Maneater's evolutions, like if they could actually exist?
All mobile games should be illegal.
Can’t wait for Friday Night Funkin’ theory
Mobile games: make a click beat  Me:wiat thats illegale
I like how your default smartphone is a Pixel
i searched hero rescue in the app store and before the hero rescue app was one of those adds for garden scapes
I legit got a mobile ad while watching this
Good thing i got an game that didint lie abt it but it does have a bunch of things that are like wanna get more money? its ajpw no i dont only play that i play alot of diff games
what these kinds of ads are really an ad for, is ad blockers.
That's like putting doritos in a lays pack
I like Gardenscape, Thank You Very Much!!
While I was watching this I got one of the pin ads 😂😂
Love that the match pfp was mark
The toothsome throat contradictorily risk because violin suprisingly kiss astride a far taurus. whispering, lush twist
"You wont last 5 minutes playing this game"  In which there is no game and you just stole people's artwork for a cash grab that will steal and sell youe personal information
Can you or someone else on game theory do a video on Clash Of Clans and/or Clash Royale
I feel like mat pats next channel should be Conspiracy theorists. He could talk about the Bermuda triangle, or he could talk about the mystery of d.b Cooper. And the color could be purple or black
NO HE’S NOT A LOSSER HE’S EPIC
My sanity has improved greatly since buying Premium, since I have YouTube running a lot on my phone while at work.
COOL
Who realized the mercy angel wings from overwatch
I got This add for a game called holdem or foldem and it was just Arthur from rdr2 playing poker
I see this title and think lily's garden and hustle castle
What about the very lewd raid shadow legends ads
It’s worse than convergent evolution in some ads, the one with the cat, the fish, the guy in the boat and the river/pipes with the rotating sections all have the same animation, same timing, same music feel- it’s like they were all animated with the same flash file and just had the character asset changed for a different story.   If they were all for the same company making similar ads and similar games I’d understand but these games that you click on and get seem to be unaffiliated companies.  It’s basically the equivalent of a sprite hack nes rom. Next to no actual creative input required. Just change the parts but keep the key frames in the animation timeline the same. Brand new add. Hits all the same beats, even has the same sound effects for the most part.  If it’s not plagiarism it’s some ad designer they hired to make their ad but he’s reusing the same base animation and changing the sprites but the sprites and other assets don’t resemble the actual game at all.  It reeks of some bs either way tho
Though how do the ads get through YouTube's advertising policies?
hey mat you shoud probably do another one on petscop cause 1. you said 2 years ago that the vid would take 2 weeks 2. there have been 3 new petscop vids 3. i want to know how the puzzle looks like please
The new intro was probably outdated when it was made
YOU MUST PAY FOR WHAT YOU DID TO MARIO AND HOW YOU RUINED THOUSANDS OF LIVES BECAUSE THEY THINK MARIO IS A GOOD GUY ALSO ONE OF THOSE HATTERS THAT MADE THE WORST GAME THEORY EPISODES HAD SOLID REASONS TO HATE YOU
cen you make ay alien  film theory  name:How alines live
Lily'garden confirmed but which channel
This is exactly what's happening Its so upsetting hiw could u lie
Yyhhhh
Hey Matpat, wanted to know your reaction or opinion regarding the "Let's go whaling" video from last year coz that presentation really is interweaved with this kind of scummy actions by Mobile game developers and publishers. I hope you can make a video about that.
I think there is some lore between stick fight and tabs the game
Is there any interesting Stardew Valley theories???
Most of these cookie cutter games are packed with "malware" developed by the Chinese government to collect peoples information. These SHOULD be against the law, but not for the reason you talk about.
Sponsored by RAID shadow legends
Hey Matt can you do a Warframe theory I wanna see what interesting theory you can come up with
Man you have to see Mobile Legends Bang Bang ads😂
Hey, The Binding of Isaac: Repentance is out now and there is a LOT of new lore reveals, can you please make a video about that?
Annotations were the pre-modern game ads for sure, but for YouTube
It’s raging us that some mobile games makes people mad and want them to be ban from this world
I predict there is going to be a music theory
Please do a roblox theoriy plese!
And here I thought Charmx would be reacting to this one for a second, until I remembered.. He's gone.  You were good son, real good. Maybe even the best. We'll miss you Charmo.
These ads said that I'm legally a pumpkin, and I trust that they have been provided with the proper authority to make that claim.
Isn't the better question "why aren't those minigames an actual game you can buy?", since they're enough to clickbait us into downloading the game to try...
wait when it said loser it was a bfb sound effect
.......my brother downloaded garden scapes......
That was EPIC!
Meanwhile i laugh in mod version
I have a minecraft theory
I'M BEGGING YOU MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT PERSONA 5 THERE IS SO MUCH GOD DAMN THEORY MATERIAL
That’s why I only play pc games.
Finally, somebody said it.
The beginning describes every game ad ive seen ever
Anyone else realize the Game circle was all filled?
Honestly its bad developing they're  stealing clips from other games also the fact the ads aren't like that games at all
The hero we didn’t know we needed, and we definitely didn’t deserve
Marketing is science!
Mat i actually remember the old ad vid suggestion old thingy ( you know what I mean) (end card?) the thing that is at the end of the video xd
Guys  I actually have a game which real and good it's called comic Bob
I’m really glad those Garden/HomeScapes ads are banned in the UK 🇬🇧
love those scribblenauts graphics 12:44
And then worst of all you get the ads that are horrendously sexist etc etc like the ones I've seen that scrutinise women by either showing them semi-nude or directing you to press a button to remove their clothes. Going by this logic, the marketers must be 12. Oh and not forgetting the ones that force you to dress women from supposed ugly to pretty. Its never men ffs. Its 2021 fcol not the 1920s.  Tl;dr: The countless ads on objectifing and stereotyping women that these companies SOMEHOW get away with
The only good mobile games are: Minecraft Roblox  Henry stickmin  DRAGON BALL LEGENDS Bralw stars  Minecraft EARTH ____More________         And the best pc games are:  EVERYTHING
MatPat you should do a theory on how Sonic kicked Mario into Minecraft
I got a mobile game add before the video
talking about annotations. i remember i played a game on youtube that is powered by annotations. i forgot who created. also thrye a lot better than mobile game ads
Bruh i had to spend 149 dollAR AND IT WAS A FAKE GOD DAMN VIRUS
Could ads get away with putting the rarest occurrence during a game in the ad? Like with how Homescapes has the pin pulling minigame, but not often. If they did that then the ad doesn't represent anything false.
I fell for one of these it was called fishdom and it was like gardenscapes 😩
Thank you so much for this video. I was so confused when I downloaded that app and it was nothing like I expected
Day1 of commenting until matpat makes a fnf lore video
I’m pretty sure that this channel was one of the first YouTube channels I watched
Some math so you said the mobile games is illegal right in front of nonsense but there's extra mobile game that it's like for example that if you see this is a game for computer for kids it's called what was the name I forgot I think it was Galaxy of space space of drawn I think that's how no I'm singing because they have two different names the game itself the name of the game said got lots of space but the game the Play store name was Galaxy of drawers and that didn't make sense sorry install and it was freaking a Candy crush game and I hate Candy crush okay I have to go bye-bye really like your videos
Has anyone else seen the game ad on Facebook, at least that’s where I keep seeing it, with like a stock game photo from age of empires 2 but the game isn’t AoE?
*YES, YES THEY ARE*
If you put your phone in airplane mode you can play without those pesky ads.
I prefer blue over red lol
i saw someone a while back make that pin pull mini game to spite the ad
I used to be obsessed with DDLC and now when I see Monika in the intro or anywhere else I get real horrifying flashbacks.
Then the ad actually gets remade into a real game and the ad gets taken down for copyright reasons by the game
I got an ad of a “Drifting game” and the ad was just a clip of Forza Horizon 4 LOOOOLL
Chancellor Palpatine: "I will make it legal"
Unrelated but seems howtobasic recently released an 8 hour video that might actually be an ARG, but proceed with caution as its an April 1st upload
Here’s a first, they are annoying I don’t play them
Hi MatPat, I've always been a big fan of Initial D. Could you make a theory about that anime? I would like to see you talking about how can drifting can be faster and can some race techniques are in the series be possible make and of course, how? I hope you see my comment.
Oh-no! RAID!
If you have a lot of ads yust turn off the Internet on phone.
These types of mobile game ads are spammed around the internet SO MUCH that they might as well have the annoyance level to match those "Raid: Shadow Legends" ads that are yeeted around the web. UGH!  Good video, btw
who else came here but don't play mobile games
Fun fact: Jeff bezos makes 3,472 Dollars a second
Sooooo epiiiiiiiiic
I’ve been waiting for someone bug to talk about this bs
This is the current day equivalent of your grandma installing all those widgets on her computer.
yo my dad is like level 3000 or something on wordscapes
In Garden scape my mom got to level 2115
mobile games be like: %90:ads %1:the game %9:buy sth with real money
Nope I don't see YouTube Ads... Premium YouTube.
My dude.... THREE OF UR VIDEOS ARE ON THE TRENDING PAGE AT THE SAME TIME
A few days ago I saw an ad on youtube that directly used assets from Age of Empires 2. The game is "Rise of Empires: Fire and Ice". Annoyingly, I couldn't report the ad for this theft unless I was the copyright holder. I find this INCREDIBLY frustrating since copyright trolls seem able to report anything. I guess it is because becoming demonetized means google keeps money while ad takedowns cause google to lose money.
Get your “got a shitty mobile ad before the vid” here
This is why mobile gaming is considered a joke in the gaming society.
Gardenscapes was never really a Candycrush type game,It was like a find the items game.I miss that!
I understand this thing completely, I downloaded hero wars, and it was one of those solve the puzzle games, I liked it and downloaded it, for the 1st 5 hours of gameplay, and yes, I mean 5 whole HOURS, I finally found the puzzle area, it's unlockable at level 50. REALLY!?!??!!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??1??!?1??1?!?
i have a game that maybe a challenge to make a theory on and it maybe THE HARDST GAME you will play of all of the games you have play. this not disappoint you game theory is a game worth looking into the GAME IS   .Rain World. so pleas
Pirate
I got 3 mobile ads while watching this
Not to brag or anything, but I always manage to hit the x every time on those ads somehow.
WHAT THE FRICK, CHAPTERS ON GAME THEORY?
Something about hungry shark world new update please
You know, I'm so happy there's a video about this. Thanks Game Theorists!
1:20 me: laughs in yt vanced
I love how while watching this the same kind of ad your talking about is what showed up. 🤣
These ads are hilarious  But I do remember one ad that actually got me to click and I didn't regret installing it at all, the game was Honkai Impact 3rd :')
Can you do brawl stars theories please!
hey your link isnt working
4:27 I hear enderman sound
i am begging over here please do a theory on ranboo
matpat please do a theory on binding of isaac repentance
If im honest i think that some people in the ftc are being payed to block some things and laws since most problems could be slowed down if not blocked by the law if you advertise you must show main gameplay and not minority gameplay... similar story as to why there barely are any extra hydrogen stations being made here in the netherlands, the dutch government has in that case a lot invested in shell thus they would loose money when they would accept more of these pumping stations for hydrogen...
the people who clicked here 7:05 like this comment
no idea i play mobile mobas like  AOV , MLBB and WR and they r no chill
I played GardenScapes and Homescapes before those ads came out and was generally confused the first time I saw them I've uninstalled both games since
Oh please, oh please, can you play Rusty Lake? It is a bunch of clicker-style, find-the-clues, mystery games. Lots and lots of lore in them.  Oh and also, play them in order: Seasons, The Lake, Arles, Harvey's Box, Case 23, The Mill, Hotel, Birthday, Theatre, Roots, The Cave, Paradise, Paradox, The White Door, Samsara Room.
i get second hand embarrassment from seeing those ads
❤❤❤God bless yall dont forget Jesus loves you unconditionally ❤❤❤
What about that in Britain some of these misleading ads are been banned by the ASA(advertisement standards authority).
Me: unblinkingly starring at the little “20, 19, 18” seconds timer in the corner of the screen, waiting for it to turn into the “x”...
Two words: LUCKY PATCHER
My mom plays garden scapes and is on lvl 1654
Long shot but maybe wolfinestine? New Colossus or New Order?
Just weird commercials.... Anyways where is the next Falcon and the Winter Soldiers episode
for all they know mobile game companies is like the AAA companies doing lootboxes all over again especially you ea
Lemme tell you something I know from experience about mobile gaming. Good games don't advertise
People in bad mobile game ads: I fear no man.. But that thing..  *The level before Pink*  It scares me.
One word - China.
I saw a mobile game that was just rdr2 poker and the game was advertising a player game just wow.
I really like how Game Theory is starting to do videos on the politics of gaming
New Mobile Game You Can Do Whatever You Want sounds like something from Bojack Horseman.
I found that game and downloaded it. It's called "pull him out"
MAT PAT i know you probably don't read the comments but i just thought of a theory, what if the crying child isn't having the nightmares since you proved it was impossible what if michael is having them, we never see his room in the games anyways
At this point, the US' best hope is that the EU makes a law or starts cracking down on it, because if we go by recent examples(GDPR, 737 Max, etc), nothing is going to happen otherwise.
Don’t forget the ads that force you to the App Store after it ends. No user input needed.  User: I’m not going to click your stupid ad!  As: Fine, then I’ll it for you.  User: Nononononononono. No no.
Fnaf fnaf fnaf
*prosecuted
Not PUBG MOBILE though, that game is loyal.
My mom plays home scapes she's on lvl 3000+
I got ad from mobile game "epic war: throne" before the video...
The intro be like, “YOU CAN DO ANYTHING YOU WANT IN THIS GAME”
bruh my mom play gardenscapes so long until now my mom level is 1798
Finally someone touching on this subject
and people asks why i still play Dokkan and Legends
I die a little when I see these 'ads'.
A strange thing I have noticed recently when on the computer is that I will go to a shopping website and as I go to click the back button, a popup appears trying to give me a discount. I really don't like how much we are being tracked and psychologically manipulated into purchasing things we really don't need, but I'm curious if/how ads will affect the evolution of the Human psyche in the future.
😡😅
I only get idle tycoon game adds xd
Never trust a random mobile ad , if that game need an ad that hyped ,is  a trash game for sure.   Is like the tv commercial or even the trailer of some movies xd,    Just play nice mobile games like terraria or nice streaming games like dragon quest xi on your phone~
WHERE IS PETSCOPE!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
So it's kinda of ish fake phone call adds
i wonder why matpat keeps on changing his logo mabe thars a theory in it's own?
how 'bout a book theory channel?
That intro is sooo Relatable dude they always scam
Hey plss do a theory about the lore of VALORANT
Unsubscribing cats are superior
you do realize.. once you went "darwinian" you instantly lost validity  also.. "dogs are stronger than cat" BY social validation.... cats don't have to prove their superiority; because having to prove you are the greater than the inferior sometimes is an insult to yourself .. have fun zoophilia society of mutt yeffing.  cats will always be superior.
Next channel : Conspiracy THEORIE
i saw an ad for a minecraft mod and it took the intro of aphmau 😡
I was play angry Birds two and I got a garden scape add well watching this on a different device
Are mobile games illegal?  Literally has a mobile game ad at the beginning of the video Ironic.
Matpat ladies and gents the only youtube who's able to make biology show up media marketing we're proud of you Matpat.
Game: What will you choose?  1. Tell truth about affair 2. Lie to girlfriend  Me: You see.... *Slaps GF* DON'T YOU EVER QUESTION ME AGAIN
Everybody tried to stop the ads. Now he's doing it
I have a Theory, in Little Nightmares 2, how Wide and Tall is the Signal Tower, how Long has Mono been trapped in the Signal Tower or some Theory that I haven't thought of yet. I just wanna know about the Theory of the Signal Towers Scale. OH and also how Far is the Signal Tower (that last part wasnt neccesarily)
prosecuted.... not persecuted...
Those stupid mobile games are soo annoying they are trashing good mobile games like cod mobile
You should do a film/game theory on Lilly's garden ads there's way to much weird lore in it
mobile games all already illegal
Pathetic my dad reached level 20568 on the game
That was an EPIC intro. 😂
lol you got a 3 ads
Mobile ads: "do you trust me?" Children: "with every cell of my body"
tbh i'd be more interested in the match-3 game
I wonder what the last color will be. We have green, red, and yellow. If i had to guess id say blue
Congrats On 14 million!!!!
HA lm on 1931
Can you do a game theory on Dont Starve Together lore? please
Cats are stronger
Uhhhh I got a mobile ad that features Jon Tron during this video
what about forced app games wich gives misleading apps
Can you do a theory on population one it's a cool VR game that I feel has a lot of unexplained lore to it
I bought YouTube Premium just to make sure I don't see ads like that... 😂
I always asked myself that question
I know why the character in fnaf (the one you play as) stays all five nights you see in the average job you have to work at least one day so maybe fazbear entertainment needs you to work five days before you can quit but you may be asking what about the bonus nights well I haven’t figured that out yet
THANK YOU!! Finally a video about something that I think about every time I get one of these ads.
MATPAT FNAF UCN CASIDY REFLECTS ON NIGHTMARE FREDBEAR TO!!!!!!!
My dad has been playing Gardenscapes to reach lvl 1064 and played that bad dream once.
Roli poli
Also I forgot to say that moldable games are not on the ESRB website and it is illegal for games to not have a rating by the ESRB escorting to the USA government from 1990 sumting to now and sens then the ESRB has issued.
i will forever wait, until the great matpat does a video on lily gardens confusing universe
How about those game's that run ads in between levels but want you to pay to have them removed.
i saw he had bendy wrench
Did you think about the ESRB
0:43 i swear thats a bfb reference
Matpat I have a little mini fnaf fazbear fright theory so you see that in to be beautiful Sara eventually becomes friends with the popular girls and sort of leaves her old friend and doesn’t at the same time but then you switch over to count the ways Mille’s friend ends up leaving her for the popular girls now I’m not saying it’s in the same universe/timeline cause in to be beautiful the book doesn’t say that Sara’s friend is goth but it could just be a parallel or my theory is totally bonkers but like I said this is just a mini theory so I thought I might as well share it 🤗🤗🤗
While whatching this I got a weard mobile add
Dont forget the minecraft "Add-On" ads. They will STEAL content from minecraft youtubers videos, to get more market. I saw one just PULL a entire minecraft music video that someone spent hours on, just to get a few clicks.
Love it that I get these exact ads while watching the video. I hate YT sometimes.
So what you're saying is...the government is incapable of doing the job for which they were elected.
As somebody that pretty much exclusively uses the mobile version, well, let’s just see I’ve seen some stuff
I can't belive that I got one of those mobile ads on this video, how ironic
Seriously. Matpat believes in evolution.  Evolution really doesnt make any sense.  Mat believes the scientific impossibility that NOTHING created EVERYTHING.
epic games, 🤢  🤮   😳
Not even watching the video yet I believe him
I am old enough to remember youtube annotations I think...
I am a power player for the game World Box and I got the game by watching videos about it ect and how to download  it and I got used to it with no ads
GENSHIN IMPACT LORE
No
Also, Most mobile players remember the ads that say 'press this to upgrade' or something like that. So they let you play an ad for a bit then just tell you to click something, most likely with a woman's hand with red nails or a man with a blue sleeve or white sleeve, repeatedly tapping the screen. Then when you do, it takes you to the app store. I have been waiting to say this for ages, but they just expect you to be like in your mind "Oh, they told me to press this and took me to the app store, You got me there! Might as well download it" People aren't going to do that unless its a little kid (most likely) and actually like the look of the ad. Those types of ads are just so annoying-
but what do they get from people instantly uninstalling their game because it doesn't look like the ad ... ?
i have seen a youtube just showing the sexual ads on the vid then his vid gets removed for sexual problems... wtf is that logic
That first 30 second was spot on
As a former Marketing Campaign creator and supervisor with Online Graphic designer experience, I approve this 💯%
So.. fnaf theory: security breach is coming out soon, and it's a mall. Where else do we see a mall in the fnaf franchise? The silver eyes. Yeah, that rundown mall that we forgot about. I think that the fixed up the mall, and they kept the old animatronics. That: why we see carl the cupcake in the trailer, and bonnie's bowling.
I've seen several ads for "Minecraft" that you can download on sketchy websites. They either steal the official Minecraft update trailer footage or steal footage from YouTubers. Heck, one even used Dream's footage from his "Minecraft, but we can only see one chunk..." video.  Edit: They also slap on the Minecraft logo in the top corner. I feel as though that all of this would be a copyright/trademark violation. Absolutely disgusting.
Very Rare item found: active Player of GaRdEN EsCaPe...
OK but what if it turns out these dodgy apps were also selling your information? Cause in my mind that's the main reason they want quick clicks. Couldn't that be punished?
i used to play homescapes and gardenscapes, its actually a little fun if you never saw any of the ads or anything kinda. just kinda tho
Would love to get a Full Binding of Isaac Story inclusiv all DLC etc. Like What happend in RealLife and what happend in his head etc.  Also good Vid
the one with the hero character is from hero wars a game which i play and i can say that one is not a scam from it is a pretty big part in the game
Where can I order that CRUSH CORONA from timestamp 10:29? I find no affiliate link?
I have idea for next theory channel. What about Music Theory? Like, there are a lot of Everywhere at the end of time (Album by Craretaker) secrets that you could uncover. But that's on you!
GOD I hate those ads
This is actually true, I don't like these kinds of ads, They just want attention
Epic.
I saw ads stealing a game Stride for VR (if I’m not mistaken) for a mobile sniper game. A SNIPER GAME
Homescapes used to be so good, now it just scams. Respect: 📉📉📉
Can you pls do a friday night funkin lore vid cause i want to know the lore hope you will do my suggestion
buying mobile games base on ads is just plain stupid. there are tons of youtube videos out there that pretty much shows which games are actually games.
I just got an ad, and it had music it didn't own, the game is called Voodoo doll (and unlike the other ads, it actually had a person with an IQ above 6.) Edit 1: ok, the ad had some stuff in the screenshots below, maybe the game isn't a fake mobile, also the music it was playing was that oh no music, don't know what it's called. Edit 2: ok, so I just loaded the game, it has the same stuff in the ad and the screenshots, maybe this ad thing is getting fixed.
Bruh I got an add just like that
whales ah yes we got those on fgo
Careful about what you say matty you don't want a Level 90 Mafia Boss come knocking at your door.
This video is sponsored by *"EPIC"*
Damn I thought this is about hacked/modded/pirated mobile games.
"And that dogs are stronger than cats" Matpat, do not go on this way, you don't want to be involved in this debate XD
wall street silver!! be your own bank dude !!! come and join the silverbacks !!!
and thats why you cover the entire game with watermarks
Heres an idea for your next theory channel.  History theory! It only makes sense
Guess what: The FTC Act prohibits unfair or deceptive advertising in any medium. That is, advertising must tell the truth and not mislead consumers. A claim can be misleading if relevant information is left out or if the claim implies something that's not true.
Surprised there's no mention of those pornographic Civony ads. Really pioneered this trend.
Now we know where Cyberpunk's developers come from
I saw an ad and it literaly had the name of a different game after becuse they stole it
During the video I got one of those mobile ads
You know when I saw the title I'm just thinking he's trying to bring down fortnite, minecraft, and among us
What do you expect? These turds are from chinese game developers, from the prc that is
This is a bizzare ask but I would like to propose the theory of how much force the Dragonborn would have to blow to create the affects of the unrelenting force shoat or if he'd live.
Damn... I play an underrated that's an actually good game..
EPIKNESS INTENSIFIES
Wait so Cybert’s wife also works for you?
The government sticks to rules so hard they don't trust people's perspective.
The new among us map came out pls continue the lore
FNF theory!!
0:42 this guys name must be jerry
Okay but explain to me why they always are doing bad in the ads. A lot of the ads i see they always fail in the game they are playing. How does that make me want to download it more?
These escape games are not even american so i don't think they care about American laws
you should do some fortnite lore it is starting to get spicy
As I'm watching this, I'm holding my cat, and he almost killed me today. He's stronger than any dog I've seen!
Epic
THIS VIDEO IS:                                                                          EPIC
Thanks for standing up against these scammers
What about the games that claims you can earn money just by installing and playing their game?
I feel like there must be more on this subject, like are they only trying to get you to make ingame purchases or are they selling your information somehow the way facebook does. Also, in Britain it seems that gardenscapes and homescapes ads were banned  for being misleading, could that be a model for america, why can they do that and we can't. I also feel like you missed an opportunity to talk about the environment these ads are growing out of, both those games are made by a russian owned company, and there are a number of companies based out of russia that are actively trying to mislead potential customers or users online, like those 5 min crafts type videos which have content farms making misleading videos to generate likes and shares. the practices seem very similar, there must be a reason, like a lack of regulations and economic pressures.  The convergent evolution idea doesn't really apply here because these companies are learning from each other as well, it's not just the environment selecting for specific traits and survival tactics. I also see a number of ads for brainteasers games where the puzzle in the ad is known to be impossible to solve. I hope there's another video on this subject at some point because I think there's a lot more to pull from this issue. also who are the people most likely to fall for these dishonest tactics, I would assume it was children and to a lesser degree the elderly
As a quote about prohibition said: If you are enacting a law, yet not enforcing it. It shouldnt be a law.
so it still is illegal, just not illegal enough for ftc to care
Make a theory on how strong is Dixie's Kong's hair. Pls.
Waiting for a fnaf piece of lore
Can you do a video on ena if possible
Intro with spring trap dude is rather amazing or shall I say EPIC
Make a Theory or explain wtf just happened at a horror game: “It’s not me, it’s my basement.”
Yesssss im in UK
This is why i play old mobile games lol
The intro XD
İllegal
If they have the ability to make a fake game and make it look enjoyable then why don't they just do that instead of making a completely different game that most people aren't even gonna pick up, like it doesn't make any sense
really hope he does a theory on genshin impact, so many things to theorize about
is it just me or am i the only one who cant bring myself to skip the intro?
Can we just appreciate the intro for a second ^_^
Just a quick note: at 12:42, I think you meant “prosecuted”.  Other than that, I fully agree.  Even if you don’t get caught, it’s still illegal, but if the authorities have the opportunity to enforce a rule and don’t, then the rule effectively doesn’t exist.
Raid shadow legends.....               Never gonna give you up....never gonna bring you down...
Matpat do a theory on what happened to OG Barry (Cw) What I know about him A)His parents are still alive  B)His eorbard is depedent on negative speedforce that relies on a speedster connected to the real speedforce to be present which is why his stranded and eorbard loses his connection to it over time C)He vanished in crisis If one with multiversal stskes it clearly rebpted the universe if one with one universe is stakes He likely chance never returned and never faced anyone on any other universe  D)There are several timeline formed but the key difference that lilely made wally flashpoint was a different harrison(real one) and his job as a csi E)he was likely chances a scientist since he had no anomally as a child  F)He may(real strong maybe) have created a speed force link or the speedforcd G)Hes eorbard was a fanboy of the flash and turned evil as a resuly and seems to have learned so much that he can make himself stay permantly in the real world rehardless of timeline changes as a reoccuring theme in the entire arrowverse
I hate when people make ads like this
does the FTC apply to the rest of the world tho? This video doesnt make much sense if it talks only about USA
Child: literally dying Hand: i'll eat the wrench
I used to hate those annotations
I don’t know if the game still has ads out there but there was this one called Stick Warriors which stole stick figure fight animations made by animators from Hyun’s Dojo and others then used them to advertise the game. Not one bit of the ad had anything from the game just clips of the animations.
https://youtu.be/ntq-wJ-9xgQ
Did you notice game thory didnt make a lore about fortnite but john Jons
What bothers me about these ads are the children clicking on it.
Mobile game developers after making game theory to advertise their games... 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Hey idk if ur gonna see this matpat but binding of isaac has a new game ahhh---
I'm 95% sure that every day I get at least 3 Hero Wars ads on the desktop version of Youtube, and all the time I either cringe that the puzzle is so easy to solve and the ad is stupid, or that the puzzle is completely impossible and I cringe that they have to go to that length to get more clicks.
There are Raptors now in the game
Can you make fortnite videos again
Can you find the lore of rocket league and why are there bean people plz?
Then theres scalpers
Ok, but what about ownership and sexual, mature content. Ex.1 Doesn't Microsoft care that music, footage of age of empires is used in some ads Ex. 2 Doesn't Google care that kids are encountering inappropriate conten on their platform, despite it already being against their policies. Meanwhile on other platforms such steam you will get a popup screen about weather you want or not procede to the page which contains mature content.
Hey matpat can you make a theory on the binding of Isaac repentance
Please the next episode is a isaac repentance the ending please do a game theory about the ending and also please shout out me
Have anyone see "obsessive love adventure Utsuro's diary (ads)"?
Me every ad i see is simply piano or simply guitar I think
I got a the fake adds
I got one of the adds while watching a this
wow i completely forgot about adnotations
Lol anyone else seen that “Dr. Squatch” add? Yeah, I feel your pain. 🤪🤬
Got one of those ads before the video. great.
a moment of silence for Sunstorm interactive
I've seen so many ads that are for delete one part that are like  Deleting womens clothes Its very annoying how they think they can just do that
It´s so simple yet the ad can´t complete it and it´s lvl 1
I saw an ad for a game called "Star Destiny" and it literally used destiny 2 gameplay to advertise.
RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
Tbh i haven't seen those in a very long time A good way to avoid getting these ads is simply by clicking on other ads, i know everyone hates ads but you probably would rather not see a specific ad more than another one  That's how i ended up getting lay's rickroll ad most of the time
Dang that was a lot of epics
If any of you want an actually good and very well polished casual match 3 game WITH NO ADS (unless you want a powerup or something)! I would highly recommend two dots
Finally
I hate how corporate our world is
A CHALLENGE: Just four words SCP:CB D-9341 past LIKE IF YOU WANT TO SEE THIS THEORY (SO THIS COMMENT GOES UP)
These annoying ads is the only reason why I don't trust new games
I remember when mobile games were really good games such as cut the rope, wheres my water, angry birds (if that counts) and more nows its filled with fake ads and the games are garbage quality
mobile game ad character: cuts wood the add:999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 wood
MatPat I done it I know the story of FNAF
he finally ran out of content
I have waiting for this for a wille
How useful is meowth's payday???
Thank you for the video I always asked my self how is this happening and why is it continuing. But ur missing one thing these adds target the oblivious to the times don't get me wrong some aren't that obvious but when u get the same add 3 times in a row only the first time it was a neemo look alike and the second was a butler and the last one was a sheep it should tell u something. Let's just hope the UK is the first domino piece.
Honestly hilarious opening skit this time
Maybe if the A/B tested ads run rampant for long enough they can «evolve» a fully fledged A/B tested game, not designed but fully generated.
there are kinda good mobile games you know like minedustry
On this video i just watched another bad ad no joke
0:40 BFB sounds maybe
Hey matpat Good video ok Wales, they are not always rich people https://youtu.be/34GF-NdIX4E
i think if games whos video were stolen acted with copyright law they could sue for damages and win, copyright law is much stronger than hoping ftc will act.
I got this to I download it and bruh
Also "IQ" - tests that are extremely easy, but the guy playing in the add is too stupid.
I still think mobile game companies should be allowed to do whatever they want
I wish someone did something about these mobile games' false advertising
Youtube: So ya don't like ads huh? MatPat: Uhhhh Youtube:Alright bois you know what to do MatPat: WAIT NO HOLD ON CHILL Youtube: DEMONITIZED
I had a game which the caption was "named after my mom"
Gardenscapes was honestly one of the best match 3 games I've ever played (at least before the weird ads and rare minigames showed up) don't even @ me
Matt: What happened to truthful advertising? Jetpack Joyride players: I know right?
I barely play mobile game i just scroll on reddit on my phone
lmao yes, computerpunk 2099 13:00
Puppy town add                           basically the ad goes  Dont have enough money well download this game the guy merges the same dog and they say wow you got an iPhone eleven and 1900 has been added to your bank account  Its obviously a scam
As long as there's a fool to be taken to be taken advantage of
You should do a little nightmares theory
i have played garden scapes and i was advertised the actual game and it was shiz. so you know play my game it is a EPIC puzzle game sike its a boring match blocks game to make your garden look okay so i understand why they do that its just its kinda not false advertising if it has an unrelated puzzle
Hey Matt, TABS just got its full release and the latest update has some VERY heavy lore-worthy stuff in it. Might want to check it out and see what you can come up with this time.
If you want an actual good game to play...     *PLAY RAID SHADOW LEGENDS TODAY!!*
I know I fell for it three time by ad on YouTube and it's annoying at least one of them was fun
That epic logo? *EPIC*
"Best described in _one_ word" - proceeds to say *EPIC* _three_ times.
make a video on the secret lore of tabs
I got an mobile game ad which just stole footage from a total war game
8:42 they tryna get me addicted? Bruh lmao, I’m bored after less than a minute.. I’ll be like: “aight, time to go back to plants vs zombies or something...
Yeh go download that if you whant to win and beat me in the champion ships boyyy now come and beat me boy #homescapes
The only good mobile games now are  among us, Mobile terraria and minecraft pocket edition...
i have the key to salvation to all of u gamers: when u get an ad, u can press on the 3 dots on the bottom left corner then press on "stop seeing this ad" or something then press close on the interface that just appeared. If u do it quick enough u can skip ads in 1 second instead of 5
Hm
And my home scapes game ohyeh you now what alisa you reach 965 whyle im in 3634 yeh baby first map:complete secon map half done baby whats my score in my team 1 place baby and my team in the championahips are at 16 baby #teammanado
And those ads you see therese a chanse to play theme as a mini game for #homescapes
AYUMI GAME THEORY PLEASEEEE 😭❤️
Yo gardenscapes the brother of #homescapes
I feel like matpat would be just as good a Barry Allen as Grant Gustin.
Can't we just send these developers to Siberia?
This doesn't relate to this video at all but it is the most recent by ya channel so, plz: consider risk of rain 2 lore? awesome game that needs love for its lore, and if you do research and figure out the basics on who Mithrix and Providence are and the survivors of the UES Contact light that the player may be to escape the strange world we know as Petrichor V, an idea is about the newest and only secret survivor's 'logbook' entry  (earned by winning the game as that character) why did it make it sound like Providence, the supposed good brother, sound like he was the one destroying the UES Contact light - and why is this secret survivor only accessible via collecting the four scattered items, or I guess, limbs? Organs? Why does it sound like the 'good brother' Providence sound like he was the one who killed this alien on the Contact light? (Note:The classes name is "Heretic") Anywho thanks, don't think this would ever happen, but I really want some love for this game :D
I know this dosent have ANYTHING to do with the video but I got my glasses yesterday and I can now see :)
It's funny because Cygames is also a mobile game company, albeit a legitimate one.
I block those kinds of ads and now I get ads of cars lol
Bring back the old game theory intro.
Ikr matpatty
Can you do a Danny Phantom theory?
Plot twist : they are owned by ea
just saying my mom play this game for like 3 or 4 years and my mom is about 5000 level+
This is why God left us. This is why . THIS IS WHY. T H I S  I S  W H Y.
The evony ad is just to trigger you into downloading the game
Do a Totally Accurate Battle simulator theory pwease
The ad you made in the beginning was actually kinda entertaining to me...
Another topic you should cover  Is Idle games really a game?
When I clicked on the vid I got a mobile game ad '-'
also can you do a fort nite SAVE THE WORLD not battle royal SAVE THE WORLD theory
The FTC’s logo looks like a face rolling their eyes
Mat! Would you do a vid with Dead By Daylight lores? Credit to Miguel Messina comment
Mat Pat You NEED to make terraria theorys it's so much hidden more that you haven't reviewed from the journeys end update
Repentance.
Fish
Bish
You must be poor for having all those ads
I am SO glad you're talking about this, this kind of stuff has bothered me for SO LONG and I never understood how it keeps happening
*caN YoU bEaT thIS GamE?*
"I CANT GET PAST PINK👯👯👯👯👯"    -bike race game
hearing your theme song never gets old.
There is a game in the UK called home pin that is the pull the key game and it is by the same creators as Gardenscapes and Homescapes.
Matpat I need some help for my channel.
I have saw a lot of videos explaining al those cringe ads, but FINNALY you took a hand on it.
That ad has more effort than most on the mobile market
Lol my mom is level 2000+ in each game
the funny thing is that gardenscapes had to add the minigames because of the complaints about them lying about the content
Why are so many of them better than the actual game play
the begining be like: homescapes
House: burning Player in the ad: oh yeah add gasoline
The envious deadline congruently yawn because test willy reply against a orange era. loutish, keen icicle
Question:  Why is that music so epic?  (intro)
Why dose he have crash in his intro I thought  he did not like crash
The worst about this is: Homescapes and Gardenscapes are actually better than the ads.
At least a couple of those ad styles actually inspired some devs to make games that actually feature such gameplay. On my phone right now I have the following games: "Save the Girl", "Pull Him Out" and "Hero Rescue" all of which actually have gameplay similar to (if not identical) to the ads. Since then, I've actually not seen those types of ads on my phone ever since.  Instead I get ads that are also full of stupid moves but instead of the Chinese people or the Scapes, I got the stick figure ads with the towers, the swords and the levelling up once you beat a soldier gameplay. Oh and the Rise of Empires ones.
0:40   FISHDOM< IM LOOKING AT YOU   ):$)
So.. Minecraft is illegal..?
I miss the old days of advertisement.
Tbh I like gardenscapes and I played it for years(!!!!), before the false advertising obviously.. I was a little disappointed when seeing that the add they  showed is completely misleading, but as someone who played the game before I was a little hooked to play it again. But I've no space on my phone... So it's not gonna happen😅 Gardenscapes is relaxing and I love it for exactly that. The wrong add makes me somehow angry anyway.
Hey MatPat, you should check out the game Abzu. It's an interesting game with I think hints to much deeper lore. I'd love to hear your thoughts in a video
*laughs in codm and emulators*
Honestly should just shut down the companies by shaming them. Get rid of these nimrods
I also a couple times caught one of those “colonial” games straight up ripping assets from the old Age of Empires games
I’ve wondered about this myself. Like, how the heck can they blatantly rip off another game like that. I like logic games, so I’d be interested to play one if I could find the real thing. XP
Ok, so we probably can't nail them for misleading messages in their advertisements. But what about using footage from other games without permission? That has to be breaking copyright protections right?
Why is no one talking about how Unus Anus came back?
There was actually an ad, which I don't remember the name of, that stole footage from Shadow of the Colossus.
ITS ABOUT TIME SOMEONE MADE THIS TYPE OF VIDEO. THANK YOU!!!!!!!
I saw a mobile game called war path you should do a Game theory and I saw that on one of your videos what is this one sorry about my bad grammar because are use voice control and this much easy in the voice control it is stupid so what world do choose you see you saw that problem do the theory on war path okay bye
I used to turn off the annotations. (MatPat. Making people feel old since March 2021.{as far as I know})
finally, somebody made this video...
I don't know when this kind of ad started but I used to play  homescapes and gardenscapes. At that time there is no ad that looked like that which make me thinking "Am I that old already?". Eventhough I didn't hit 20 yet  :v
Whoever got a Mobile Game ad before this video, you are cursed by the ad gods.
Dont trust these ads, trust Minecraft
Happy Easter MatPat!!! I'm saying it eary cause my mom whont let me have my phone so I whon be able to say it on easter day
fun fact. most of the mobile game with the pipe and pull is baised off other games that has 100% of that.
Lol I literally got mobile game ads while watching this LMAO
Dr. Squat challenge adds suck and upset me.
I play a game that has those ads, and what they do is sometimes theyll add the 'pull the pin' games every once in a while incorporated into the game and if you beat it, you get some in game money
On my opinion cats are way better than dogs but sea doges are dam better
I love the scribblenauts stuff in there
I've played Gardenscapes and Homescapes for a ridiculous amount of time (on around level 4000 on each) and these minigames only happen a handful of times but I've noticed they pop up abit more frequently now
Ive played some of these games for years then they all started mimicing each other and BSing their gameplay in ads. I hate false advertising so any game I noticed doing it that I had I stopped playing. I still get ads on Facebook for them which I post screenshots if photos are allowed letting anyone know what game is really like.
Good thing I'm still in highschool and have self-control of my money..I'm talking to YOU SIS!
Lets not forget about that one app that literally clip locations in forza 4 that EVERYONE KNOWS
Everybody gangsta till we notice that matpat mislead us and instead of a game theory video it's actually a bunch of ads
Bruh I got an ad that was clearly not actual gameplay for a mobile game while watching this
thats how mafia works
can you do a theory on Enter The Gungeon and how it is just you fighting your own bullets thank but hey thats just a theory a game theory aaaaand cut!
Dogs are not stronger than cats, you take that back!
Yee
oh annotations I want them back
I hate you and you can't take criticism.
You are right
“i can’t reach pink colour 😭😭😢😱☠️😭”
This one roblox scam add is harassing me and the audio is stolen R O B U X
I remember when they didn’t even have adds in the mobile games.. Or when double add weren’t a thing..  sometimes the world was better in the past.
Oh my god how much do U hate genshin impact ads
*And thats how mafia works*
Me: watching the video  YouTube: puts a pull the pole ad in my face I'm like 🤦 woooww I know what he means now 🤣
Rick and Morty reference at the intro I think
0:32 Dani be like:
Long enough to get to level 965  My mom you challenge me mortal
Hey why don't u do little nightmares 2
I think we can all agree that this is in fact epic
Them explaining their AB testing caused me to check their new thumbnails. Matpats face is always on the left.
Human brains are backwards  And one brain cell
maybe, two things 1 this is a gag theory but *inhales*    WHEN IS HALF-LIFE COMMING OUT!! and two, a recap on bendy and the ink machine (edit)  iv been seeing Lego brickheadz, (i checked not official) can we have some!!!! that would be great would totally get that merch
Man I miss the old Matt patt
The fact that they do that trick where you click x and it takes you to the app store instead is so common, means that their are people that actually download it after that happens instead of just getting annoyed. Who are these people?
Basic rule of thumb. You don't go to the app store unless you're looking for something specific you yourself decided you want.
I saw a youtuber find out that their footage (facecam and all) was stolen for an among us add, (AND IT WASNT EVEN AMONG US!!!)
While watching this....the ad for warpath pops up.....lmao
@The Game Theorists  ] finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA
Another video explaining why Susan should be kicked out of office due to incompetency
Neat analysis! Thanks for uploading!
Book theory? Blue color
Also Danis footage got stolen for something similar to this
Stickman duelist doesn't do any of that with the ads that's why I play it
Honestly I'm shocked game theory never realised
Retro gaming now  Dominated game theory Game theory never realised what he realise in his latest theory
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
One thing that the FTC is overlooking (and that you didn't mention) is that there is actually something being lost when you're duped into downloading one of these falsely advertised games.  Look at the permissions these games ask for.  They want the keys to the kingdom; access to contacts, GPS, your phone, your camera, etc.  What reason does a match 3 game have to ask for access to those functions?  I'd argue many of these apps are not only using false advertising to try to hook players, but once installed, they also harvest data that the company sells for profit.
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
finish pet scop thgere is more out there there is 4 more videos from petscop https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKQv0ZFHpeIUkOtNjtq4KA gpo people spam this so he sees it
I'd like too appreciate  how much animations he works on and how much time he spends.
Thank god someone said something.
I love that game 4:29
i literally saw a gardenscapes add with pin pulls in the middle of this video
I legit got one of those ads in the middle of the video
Solution:turn of your WIFI
waiting for the day when universal platform ad blocker will  be created.
9 minutes into the video and we just started on questioning if its legal. Making that bag I see.
Garden scapes used to be truthful in there ads but no surprise they arent now
It’s a funny thing I keep on getting crappy mobile ads
RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
Whenever I get the gardenscape ads I always try to kill or hurt the guy in some way 😂
I got 3 add of this so I'm getting youtube premium
Every ad looks so cool and then you download it and it’s some form of candy crush
me: *is on youtue at 4:17 am*  also me looking at the title: Well, well, well, let's find out then
Regardless of whether they’re illegal because they’re misleading, the grotesque cartoon style of some of those ads is truly a crime against humanity
Don’t forget about the new fnaf book Blackbird
As legal as clickbait
I feel bad for actually good mobile game because they get overshadowed by bad ones
And how do they make them big make Mario big is it just an illusion
i’m waiting for a video on bendy and the ink machine i haven’t seen that content in a while and i heard new stuff got added
You should make a video about mushrooms from super Mario how do they make Mario big
NVM
Actually the add for gardenscape is real it just takes time to get to the level
I hate the timed ads with a refresh button that looks like an x. You can accidentally click on it then you’d have to wait all over again.
Mobile people be like : I wish I had a console , switch, laptop or a computer
We need to remember though that the onus is on Youtube and App stores to disallow false advertising on their platform, and to enforce it. But because these companies earn money from such scummy practices it's far more profitable to turn a blind eye.
I haven't played Banished in a while. Now I want to play it again.
Feck, I miss anotations.
Matpat, remember the unus anus thing? Something is wrong here. It’s back? And considering it is back, there HAS to be some lore behind it. Especially sense...  (spoiler)      The first video of unus anus has changed, the beginning has a new part that you should dig into.
Putting ads on this vid is a good idea
Me: *I call for help*
I hate Playrix and SayGames for this.
I never thought he would do it
When i clicked this video, i literally got an ad that is supposed to be friday night funkin' BUT the ad was a video RIPPED OFF SOMEBODY'S CONTENT that i have watched before... what's more is that the pictures shown in the app store was showing roblox characters when the ad was showing fnf characters and not roblox characters
So true it doesn't work on me its Flippin annoying
I already have a favorite game and thats roblox hahahahhahahahahha
can you do a little nightmares 2 theory
I was thinking of “Gardenscapes”
You should really see if there is any lore in TABS it's a game it seems theres lore with the new update
this vid is sponserd by how?
The FTA, only needs to make Google play and Apple play to be the enforcers.
Not to give you a prosecution complex, but I think you used the wrong word when you stated “A crime that doesn’t get persecuted might as well not be a crime”
Not to mention those kind of games can have “You-know” moments that show their faces towards children. CHILDREN  Seriously there is a game ad where it wants to erase something and it shows trying erasing a woman’s clothing or such.  And other games show weird weird WEIRD scenarios.
Banished is, in fact, the least relaxing game I have ever played.
You are right
Banished is indeed a very fun game, especially with the Colonial Charter mod. I love micromanaging in games.
While I was watching this I got a pull the pin ad
Still though, couldn't they get hit with copyright infringement for the stolen footage?
Why the fu did he use the wing back piece from Diablo for the whole bird and bat thing
There is no greater culprit than Warpath
Why is evey phone in this video suspiciously a Pixel 4 👀
I'm so glad someone is finally talking about this.
Love your videos!  Any chance you'd want to do a GME Theory and go over some of the highly technical data around the Short Squeeze?
I know you probably won't see this, but can you do a theory on Risk of Rain 1 and 2? I think alot of people would really like it.
SIR MAT, THE PORTAL HAS OPENED IN TABS!
By the power of ad blocker I banish theee adsss
Its weird how just how much these apps with insane amounts of ads popped up. I could play games years ago without many or no ads popping up at all, you download a game now thats caught ur attention and you delete it after 5 minutes tops. It sucks cuz :( I just wanna play a cool game, a lot of the time you just don’t even want to download any app games at all
Matt uses google pixel phone. Which I love since I'm considering buying one. xD
Do an episode on zardys
One time I saw an ad about a bud farm tycoon
Remember when all we had to play on phones was snake
Didn't these mobile companies get sued for this already?
The mobile game : mobile legends is not bad at advertising since they make their own animated skits then shows gameplay based on the characters on he skits. It made me click and didnt let me down, i suggest downloading it, i have gameplay in my channel if you would like to see it
the ads i hate the most is where they make the disembodied hand seem extremly dumb
0:01 I thought that was a RAID ad.
Some ads also take Youtoubers vids of them playing OTHER PEPOLES GAMES
Congrats for hitting 14 million subs!
It’s ironic how I got one of those inappropriate ads before watching this  Edit: I seriously got another cringe mobile game ad when watching this LOL.
MatPat is finally answering an actual question people have? /j
I don't get why the app store/googleplay simply don't ban these games. After all, they go against their guidelines.
EPIC
I'm gonna go check  my games now uh lol
Me after Watching this vid “we weren’t expecting special forces”
bcuz thats how mafia works -mafia boss :/
"Oh No!"                 - mobile guy trying to escape
Unfortunately my mother got into one of these games -- the fish one -- and she got suckered out of $150 AUD and would have spent more if I didn't catch it in time. :/
Don’t forget about Rise of Kingdoms!
Oh hay... Just noticed that you changed your intro again
He should do the lakeview series lore
You know What else is epic? Our hate for every ad they have 13:14 HA!
What about the games that use there own gameplay but are still bad
The real question is how many people got an ad for 8 ball pool by miniclip on this video?
Oh man, that Jerry "Loser" wind callback.
Those ads are stopping me from watching
Atleast Genshin Impact didn’t lie. They took the time to program the video game just like they promise it will be like in the ads
I actually saw all the ads at the beginning
Kids: you got games on yo phone?
Washington lo hizo primero xD
do an fnf theory
.
HAH MY DAD IS ON THE LEVEL 2224 OF GARDENSCAPES
Okay, no surprise that this is tolerated in the USA. I'm still confused why this is allowed in Germany while games are getting banned on steam.
Can you find out what is truly going on in binding of isaac
It sometimes makes me really sad, cuz a few of them look REALLY fun, but I know better. And when i cave, I get so disappointed… They will have no money from me >.>
this is a misleading title!!! This is not game theory, this is game FACT xD
honestly, in Australia, we for some reason can get misleading ads which can include sexually based content and ads about games surrounding drug usage based games, and it is a non-stop event, and the ads sometimes even get shown to younger children, leading them into drug usage or having a perverted mind, which should DEFFINETELY be counted as illegal, but as you said in the theory: "the men upstairs have bigger fish to fry", so at this point, I think our government is considered useless in the digital world. just thought i would let you guys know :)
Oml this is way to accurate
Me: Watches game theory’s video about  misleading game ads  are bad. Video: gives me a misleading game ad Me again: Convince? Absolutely not!
If you search “save the” in the app store there are more pull the pin games and simple choice games
Hey, I was hoping you could cover the lore of Riot Games' Valorant sometime
Agree 100% the adds are stupid don’t  make sense and annoying
Hey mat pat I thought by now you would have posted a Little nightmares video but this is a recommendation there is so much lore in the games
yes they are
Hello! Soooooo I love little nightmares and there’s so many theory’s so I thought maybe I should suggest trying a little nightmares game theory so here I I’m doing that soo ya
lol i got a key ad while watching this video
What’s funny is that I got a bunch of these ads before and while watching this video
The madly iris aerobically grab because fat particularly scorch amidst a fabulous brown. teeny-tiny, quack north
you should make a lore vid abt the game fun time with ayumi
The computer that popped up when he was talking about banished was the exact one I just got lol
Heres a tip I use when playing trash mobile games without paying for no ads. TURN ON AIRPLANE MODE
If its not what the game is, just delete it. Thats all
wouldnt the ones stealing actual footage/gameplay from other games also be violating copyright laws?
E. P. I. C.
Where Kirby is evil part 2
My question is why did they suddenly start going ham on this now?
Glad MatPat is doing a video on this, I absolutely despise these stupid mobile ads!
these game theories no longer feel like just games
The sad thing is, Gardenscapes was originally a casual hidden object game that was actually good. Then the execs smelled all the cash in the mobile market and tanked the brand. It's a real shame.
I KEEP REPORTING THEM FOR BEING FALSE ADVERTISEMENT Even on Google Play.
i miss super endcard tourimate
Yeah but Mat that's not how Mafia works.
7:17 still remeber THAT video
Mobile games: Ad clickbait, unlimited commercials and the game wanting you to buy everything
He's a master detective
Mat pat’s way of explaining: lizard —> dinosaur —> bird  What the entire video is all about: steal vid —> edit it differently —> make the person buy it for $5.99
Man's got on trending twice in one day  E P I C
How the hell is that leagel
I lose brain cells every millisecond they are on screen
10:23 matpat you said the wrong thing you should have said the FTC has bigger fish to fry like ruining YouTube
At 12:43 the word you’re looking for is “prosecuted” not “persecuted.” Otherwise, excellent video and very helpful!
I got one of those adds while watching this :(
🔻 Keep going 🔻
7:04 oh god those days I hate them
These ads are the reason I pay for premium YouTube. Also 2020 election ads.
Who else wants MatPat to do a theory on “Funtimes with Ayumi”
Pull the key ads would be the most effective ads. We primates love using our hands to explore, say, a nut we can't crack or a termite nest we can't dig into. It's a no brainer that the ad style appealing most to the monke brain would give you the most bang for your lazily spent buck.
Please do a Friday Night Funkin’ theory next. It’s a game that randomly blew up and I think it has some pretty juicy lore behind it!
I think the worst type of ads are the odds that you can play on for just a little bit of the time and then it switches to you to the Play store at a random time
So they get away with being misleading, but how do they get away with STEALING FOOTAGE???
Old times were better who even spends actual money ingame you can just use cheats on it whenfer you want its your decision
Minecraft is doing whatever you want
Every time I try to chill on Facebook and then someone post an add trying to get me to buy something
E P I C
If you pin this comment, your legally cool!
"and that dogs are stronger than cats" thats where i stopped paying attention if a cat can scratch a dogs nose and the dog whines. im pretty sure the cat is the strong one. along with that cats are extremely intelligent and dont lose their mind when you leave them alone for a while
it took 3 years for people to realize that these games are greedy, cash grab and false omfg
WAIT IM IN THE INTRO
The learned quilt compatibly rescue because traffic suddenly peel amidst a piquant sweatshirt. petite, periodic clock
Yeah, lately the ads for mobile games have been outrageous, sexist, or downright lying about the gameplay. Like why do all my match games involve cheating men, pregnancy, etc? -_-' Gets annoying, specially when I've played said game and know that is not the actual gameplay.
Cool I got a game ad with Johnston so that it that’s the whole comment
Eeeepiiiic
If you skip to the end then hit reset there is no ads take that i hacked youtube ads
Wooh baby that's what im waiting for
I hate when the adds look fun like that game where you pour colors to get all in one bottle look intoesting but you know they don't exsist.
I've been seeing this disgusting foot add with holes in it that you pop. Its horrible especially for me who has typhobia
The only truthfull ad i have ever seen is world of tanks and thats it....
Mat hear me out. Baby luma is cappy they both reside in Mario’s hat and run away from the start. They follow after him after the begining of the game. At the end of galaxy epsilon’s says that Lumas will be reborn but not as a luma in the same way. They are both white all caps in the cap kingdom are Lumas. Notice that Mario oldest is right after galaxy. All species are on earth now. Please do a theory I would appreciate it thank you so much for reading
Some of mobile advertisers are dumb
no no no lily's garden is different, lily's garden ads have LORE ok
0:16 that was 3
These ads are so bad that I wouldn't mind taking off my gas mask and dying to mustard gas.
The pull the metal sticks to release lava/water are just "bad dream" segments of a diff game? WAT
everyone: games with tons of ads are so annoying  me as an intellectual: turns on airplane mode so the game doesnt give me any ads
Nah is this even something  to talk about whether  its illegal  or not its clearly legal  its game nothing else people have lost half of their brains and saying is game legal or not 😑😌
For the first 2 seconds, I thought it was an ad
Wow, seriously thank you for covering this!
"Why are these legal.  Why do they do it " : one word "money"
theres an ad for a minecraft pe mod app that has footage of java edition mods
I had one of these ads while watching
I would kill anyone and everyone just to see Mat pat make a Splatoon3 video
I have barsers fury and I love it I’ve beat it like 20 times it’s really easy but fun
Elloo :)
The branching evolution is what we learned today in science, my class pranked him by throwing paper wads everywhere he started screaming, some people were quite, laughing. He was just kidding (it’s April 1st btw for people who sees it saying months)
Got a Mobile game add watching this
OMG I THINK THE NEXT THEORY CHANNEL SHOULD BE "Debunked Theory"👌
Love the whole Mini Mark Zuckerberg look Mat has going on, goes well with openly admitting to performing secret psychological experiments on his viewers :p
Could you do a theory about roblox brookehaven? I think there is something up
when i was watching this i an ad popped up and it was a lazy game production ad
“965”  Moms: pathetic...
If you ever you do another channel how about a toy theory channel! :)
Love your content Matt keep it up btw I subbed on all your channels
Try to solve my puzzle                     🔴.                                 🟠.                                🟤.                                 ⚪️                                ⚫️.                               🔵.                               🟡 🟥🟥🟥.         🟥🟥🟥🟧🟧🟧.       🟧🟧🟧🟩🟩🟩.    🟩🟩🟩🟦🟦🟦.     🟩🟫🟦🟪🟥🟧.     🟥🟩🟫🟫🟪🟥.    🟨🟨🟨⬜️⬜️⬜️.    ⬜️⬜️⬜️🟧⬛️🟨🟥🟪
Little nightmare 2!
You know its copyrights ofc
Found an ad for Lords mobile. Showed how you could build a city and choose formation for your army when it really was just you waiting 10 hours for the troops to train up the battling the enemy endlessly.
Truck em all uses clips of beam ng drive.
When I make a game the ad will be exact gameplay
Hey matpat can you make a theory on hank from madness?
it was nice to hear about the "Super Amazing End Card Tournaments!" again.
I was born in 2011 wow
mobile games, more like mobile lambes heheheheh plz help i'm very lonely
Matpat is straight up roasting these bottom feeding games
Dude, I had this theory mounths ago
Never have I clicked faster in my entire life
The title of the bug snacks be bug, Snacks or parasites
Epic                                                                   Indeed
Actually.... do you have a link for Aliens: Coloniel Marines. Because Alien: Isolation scared the living daylights out of me, *and now I want war*
Huh. Must be why i kept seeing ads for some game with video footage of Gang beasts even tho that's not the title it showed
We not gonna talk about how Alyssa is level 965 on a mobile game?
My dad is on level 1492 on homescapes time I checked his phone
6:20 aren't those mercy's wings from overwatch
ive been asking myself this, glad to see a video on it. I always thought "isnt false advertising like this illegal?"
Matt Pat can you do a game theory on bugsnax
Are you going to make a new Binding of Isaac theory?
Who is nightmare from fnaf4
Why'd you have to throw eviloution in there?
Me: goes to oldest videos to see A/B testing  Videos: theater matpat performances Me: 👁👄👁
As someone who's played hero rescue, it's a pretty decent mobile game although the ads are annoying ad it does get samey after just a few levels
My personal favourites to hate has to be the ones that straight up rip footage from Age of Empires or take a terrain screenshot and badly photoshop game elements onto it
I got a ad yesterday where you were scanning someone and it was scanning right next to private parts B) I’ve lost hope in humanity
Ya
Secret zoo level
You referenced Alyssa being level 965, but my mom fell for the ads and...  Level 3114
11:15 .....Was that a hint for the Wilford Warfstache interview or did you just add mark in there for fun?...
Do a video with the new Binding of Isaac Repentance endings!!! SO much new lore to uncover!!!!!
Only Mobile game I play is Call Of Duty Mobile
8:18 go back I want to be MONKE
can't wait for the film theory about the lily's garden cinematic universe
Wow.
How is there no fnaf in the intro (unless I’m missing something)
I got one of these eadds while watching this man rant about one of those adds.
Stick: *epic, but also a missed opportunity to say epstick*
I actually noticed that and was like-  ThaT waS ruDe
Make a theory on how in FNAF Fazbear Frights book 1 ,into the pit. Oswald and his cat can see the Rabbit but no one else can. After a bit I put this up to the mind disks from FNAF 4 and SL and left it there for a long time. However, i then realized that in every instance of the disks use, even when the main character saw them as scary and ferocious the disks had that effect. But in into the pit Oswald takes NO side effects or misconceptions, I know this because i try and quote from memory "Jinx had screeched the at the Rabbit and ran" is what I think it had said -not read the books in a while-. This shows that Jinx also saw the Rabbit she booked it to Oswald's room with out ANY signs of danger, if it was Oswald's dad. Further more  even those who should know his dad well like his mom didn't see any difference like Jinx. This raised alarms in my theorist brain and I went to work. First theory, it might be that people that find these animatronics and who are related to Freddy's have come in some kind of contact with the franchise. FNAF book 1 silver eyes, they all were involved because they all use to go to Freddy's. Second theory, the Rabbit might have already gone to the future, when the Rabbit came to Oswald's time he wasn't even effected, shocked, or even intrigued. I think he had come to the future BEFORE, it would make sense as the Rabbit is William Afton he is the cofounder and probably placed the ball pit he might gone down before and that how he got all his mind blowing technology he had like Fetch or the SL animatronics. I am not sure of the reasons but a do know that this is an intriguing mystery I would love to know the answer to and I would love to here your thoughts on the matter and how it effects the games. And remember this was just a theory A GAME THEORY Thanks for listening to my Ted Talk
Lmao my mom actually plays the game from the beginning (Gardenscapes) and Homescapes.
dont forget chromebook they make misleading gaming ads and btw games dont work on chromebook unless you want to play it on like 5fps
ad for Mobile game: so hard hardest puzzle.                  The puzzle:🔴 ( basically it shows the Color and it says write red I actually saw this ad)
App devs:Download this totally cool game The game: *A very crappy RPG TURNED BASED GAME*
Mobile game ads:what do you give the starving man 🍔 or 🏀
I got a mobile ad while watching
ive never felt so vindicated by not clickiing on these dumb mobile adds.
Ok there is good games on mobile, like soul knight
The last good ad (other than the fortnite stuff) was probably genshin Impact. It had rly good graphics and didnt even rly require that good of a phone. I quit early because of playability but it’s a game I loved the existence of. And now we have hero epic rescue escape.
new isaac out, you know what to do
99999999.99% lose this puzzle  The puzzle:  Move the ball to the flag!:  🌕       *Flag*
Its always like ONLY 0,1% PEOPLE CAN SOLVE  Then the puzzle is always like Find the square: ⚪🟥⚪⚪  And thats the puzzle for level 104
In garden/home scapes you get one of those minigames every 30 levels... I would know my mom is level 4000 something
Can you create a fury of a hat in time
Is coc illegal?!
just curious since i know someone probably has said something like this but what about copyright? since they sometimes take footage from other companies and even some youtubers and try to sell it as their own like they worked on it.
Atleast Updog isn't illegal
Gardens scapes got the idea from the game save the girl
I forget how the game was named but i played a game and it was better thean the add.
Basically if a game looks to stupid or to amazing i ignore it. Ive tried two and deleted to. I have only two on my phone. Stardew and graveyard keeper.
Why Mobile Games ads wasn't illegal ?   Of course this how Capitalism work Buddy.
It Could be the ads, That made it illegal or something.
Metazoo is not iligal
Any YouTuber who gets a mobile game sponsorship, this is why so many people skip the huge section of your video where you talk about that mobile game.  Just a heads-up.
how about how cutscenes don't look like full game back then in ps1 era?
Now you gotta make a video on Gacha games.
Hilarious is. I got one of this ads in the video just before this one that I was Watching
Congrats on 14 million subs!
I’ve lost so many brain cells watching these adds, that I’m now losing bone marrow.
I want angry birds and jetpack joyride those were the glory days
Or erasing clothing to find the missing key to open a jail cell.
Well you obnoxiously got your point across. Who else had to take a Valium while watching his anxiety induced tone video. The effects and of stress and emotion of his voice level was unbearable. His range of pitch and volume increase is very painful, overwhelming , and excruciating to listen to.
Doesn’t this seem kinda dismissive? Shouldn’t something still be done even if “it’s not a big enough deal”. Last I checked a crime is a crime and this one is literally in front of our faces everyday. The bigger fish to fry argument sounds like a cop out. If someone smokes crack in front of a crack House, the cops will arrest both the crackheads in and out of the house, even though you could say the crackhead outside isn’t “as big a concern” as the crack House bust.
The maddening poison problematically excuse because haircut reciprocally jail aside a trashy driver.  fresh, ajar coke
How dare you say that to my favourite games from my childhood! 😡
One day i was looking on mi phone  a add strarted playing and it was bad the add is for "don't tuch the girl" a game where if you touch a woman varios times she slowly loses their clothing
I hate it when there is a fake x at the top of the screen
I found this video while looking for an ad for "Evertale", a 99¢ rpg that showed a glitchy creepypasta game. Evertale doesn't have any of this gameplay as far as I can tell AND it costs money UP FRONT
Matpat can you do a theory about Fnf? (Friday Night Funkin')
Genshin Impact: *Laughs in genuinely excellent*
Ads logic: cut 5 tree and you got a Kingdom and 1b of money
But now it's better like wild rift and.....? Nothing
7:06 (12 years worth of nostalgia rushing into my mind instantly) Me:  .............  "CHOCOLATE RAIN!"
Damn I’m sick of seeing these shitty ads on YouTube. The ads and the games they’re selling are trash.
Wow I haven't seen the intro in such a long time Ive only been seeing film and the food one
Like all good things, this video started a discussion of convergent evolution. Google “carcinization”
also april fools!
I had no idea Match.com did that Jesus, that’s just cruel man
EVERYTHING: EPICCCCCCCCCCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Hey i have request mat Pat i want to see a fridaynightfunkin theory i have 4 questions that you can make a theory about 1; who is the boyfriend 2; who are the girlfriends parents and there shady character 3; who is the lemon demon 4; who is the new character for week 7
pls check Higurashi story interesting it be anime
I love homescapes but I can’t even defend the ads😭
i've been waiting so long for someone to talk about this topic thank you for covering it
U should do a theory on fnf/Friday night funkin
CyGames should really send the Dragon Awaken creators a cease and desist.
99.9% of people can't finish watching this video 😳😓💔
You think that it would be considered false advertisement. But yea.. I guess not?
Um just wondering... can you do valorant lore? TRUST ME THERE IS A LOT OF LORE!!!
Supercell is one the only companies out there that still puts time,effort, and money into mobile game ads
So what about game footages they using? Warcraft 3, Banished, Age of empires 2 or any game they using, why they are not kicking their buts?
I... got a split gold game ad watching this... help me god..
You should do a theory on this really weird and scary https://youtu.be/vkbQmH5MPME
The https://youtu.be/5pQvM9ZY41k things to come
I am hoping for an The Binding of Isaac theory since the last DLC just dropped
I was actually wondering about another FNAF theory, which I was questioning about whole William Afton's death with spring locks, was there way for him to survive his death or not
So you're saying, it IS illegal, but they simply don't have the manpower to deal with it.
trust me fam this suks its true tho i hate it
We all have that one friend who plays these games.
https://youtu.be/vAAXUjLaAO4
Surprised you didn’t touch on the downside of gotcha-type games, where in some countries, they are banned. I originally thought the vid was gonna be on that but yes, I played Gardenscapes for a little while and only encountered those mini games maybe 4-5 times. It was so boring and it almost required you to spend money to complete levels if you didn’t have booster items to help you clear levels.
The is a website game called dragon city and a moble game dragon city and they are different. The website is a 3d game that you play as a dragon. The moble game is the best
My logo is my *exact reaction of crappy mobile games*
I got one of those game ads as an ad for this video lol
As much as I HATE the gardenscape/homescape adds, since they are just as inacurate as described here, I personaly really like the game itselfe! The characters, dialouges and mini storys are directly my cup of tea!
Therapist: monika sans is not real they can't harm u monika sans: 0:59
hey MatPat if you want another confusing game with plot points hidden in books go with Balan Wonderworld yes it has a novel that answers a lot of questions
You were gone sooo long
*laughs in adblocker*
#RESPECT
i get these adds on my laptop
laughs in ad blocker 1:19
"This game says NO to pay-to-win"  The game: Pay $4.99 per month to continue
You should do a Detroit Become Human theory
EPIC games is angry that you insulted them at the start.
I literally just got an mobile gambling game ad, straight up using Red Dead 2 footage.
I'm so glad you guys made a video about this bc omg this has been bothering me for LIKE TWO FRKN YEARS-    (Edit) Also I make it a rule to NEVER buy things with real money in games bc I would be very broke rn
Imagine not using Vanced Kit
Can you make a Crown tundra video
THANK YOU
Watching this video increased my anxiety.
12:20 the real game is funner than the ad
I actually play Hero Rescue. It's not terrible. It's fun in small doses. But I def play without an internet connection to avoid all the ads.  Actually I've played Hero Rescue, Hero Recue 2 and How to Loot which are all basically the same game.
God bless you all in the mighty name of Jesus Christ he loves you and he’s coming back very shortly.I’m not promoting to u religion,hear me out,he wants to have a relationship with you he wants you to receive his salvation it’s simple if you believe you’re a sinner and that Jesus Christ died on the cross to pay the price of your sin, confess with your mouth Jesus is Lord and I believe in your heart God raised him from the dead and you turn form tryout sins u will be saved,forgiven and sealed until the day of redemption God bless you all❤️💕
these aren't theories anymore their FACT
Hey it’s my Birthday April 1st and my brother all ways April fools is my birthday existence for him and the gift 😭😭😭😓😓😥😥😥🤬😡🤬🥵🤬🤬🥵😡🤬🤬🤬😡🤬😡🤬🥳🥳🥸🤪😜
3:05 reddit assambel
Can we talk about the fake demos??   Like there’s an arrow pointing to a button,  and when you click it the App page pops up. Or just the crappy demos. You can play for like three seconds then “Oh!! Here’s the game!!!”
You won't last 40 seconds
Yea the minigames were added to homescapes recentley
Ever since you posted this I’ve been getting a huge amount of dumb mobile ads. For like 9 months I didn’t see any of those ads, but everything changed.
Most people should just need to pay like a 5 dollar fee to make games so that this won’t happen  Or ya know pay to have these ads twice as much to be EVERYWHERE
THE VIDEO IS WORKING I GOT GAMEPLAY FROM THE ACTUAL GAME
For those of you wondering, the reason that apple/google aren’t taking down these ads, it’s because they’re earning a load of money from those ads and if they were to take them down, it would make them lose out on a lot of profit.
Roblox: hey, I’m lego man welcome to my new world it’s new than reality.  Everyone: woooaah that game gonna be cool, but how play ti.  Mispellers: hot whp lay tghissss
Man I miss anotations on youtube videos
Lol the intro ad looks like the fnaf sb ad. But cringy. And not fnaf sb-- ok im stupid and cant find connections.
I got a mobile game ad on here....
man these apps should be illegal man. stupid apps
Day 3 of asking for Art theory, or, oh. Here’s a new one. Particle Theory lol
The FTC is a joke that was bribed into submission decades ago.
Or better yet, don't give these developers the attention. Why wait for the law to do something it frankly has no business in, at least in the specific areas were talking here, and instead, let time kill these apps off?
YouTube to one another: “how about we show a ton of ads in this video?” (Not that I got a bunch myself. It could just have been funny😊)
my mum plays gardenscapes and homescapes and has never got a "dream" and shes past level 1000
Sooo a game theory video on little nightmares 2?
Hello game theory!  Could you do a theory on the binding of Isaac. I would be very interested.
Is the voice actor at 0:34 KreekCraft?
Me clicks on a link Android pop up and scanned a virus  Me used avast:omai wa mou shinduero  Scam company:Nani
There is 0.0000001 percent you get the same game is in the mobile game ad
"It's time for the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT"
2010-2019 were the best mobile games like fruit ninja, temple run, Jetpack joyride, and Subway surfers
Middle of this video: AFK Arena ad...
I was recently a part of a focus group regarding a new match-3 mobile game currently in development. The proof ad they had us watch actually had a tiny bit of the match game... only 5 seconds or so, but it's a start. I made sure the developers knew to keep it in. It's so annoying when you go to download a fun logic game and it's yet another match-3.
Hey TGT if you are reading this than hi and also I have a new vid idea and its about after killing the ender dragon in Minecraft because I think there is some new lore about you in a dream and other stuff, I don't want to spoil it. Also it was on Java and in creative mode ( I was just doing random stuff ) Wait until the credits come up and then you can leave. Read the ENTIRE thing for some intresting stuff about the Minecraft lore. Also Shoutout?? Also Im subed and I have noties on.😁
🧿🧿🧿😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💮💮💮💮💮💮💮
o: EPIC
this happend to me one time soo when i ws playing one of my favorite games cod bo 3 (call of duty black ops 3 mobile) i stumbled across a ad that showed the game that i wanted sooooooo bad i clicked it and i said "WHERE IS THE GAME THAT IT PROMISED!" so yea
Great, now I'm considering to quit the gardenscapes (8047 lvl), thank you Matpat <3
Me looking at this episode knowing that weed is illegal 😐😐😐😐
i want to drink some tea now
The ads that have footage from others game probably would be sued for copyright infringments. The ones that have final products with worse graphics (hello Ubisoft and Dark Souls 2) should be as well. I don't care if the trailer says "From development build" or "content subject to change.". You are promising something and the only way I can know the truth is to buy the product or watch a gameplay video (and sometimes you pre-order it). Graphics are part of the package, and are many times the selling point of the game, and then you get an inferior product.
I cant reach pink color somebody pls help
A lot of these either are puzzle games or something of a sim game (I think).
Yes, yes they are
Anyone else notice that the FTC's picture in the video looks like a face?
Have you yet to watch the knew King Kong vs Godzilla movie?
I CAN'T REACH PINK COLOR! 😱
happy 14mil subscribers, dude :)
There's this mobile game I've recently started seeing ads for. "Warpath". If anyone has seen them, does anyone know where they're taking their footage from? I find it hard to believe they're creating these insanely cinematographic videos just to advertise a mobile game. And I mean Hacksaw Ridge level cinematography. It's insane.
Well I know that don’t download fake ads
Game theory been ruining your childhood since 2011 Me:👴
complains about mobile games being false advertising... proceeds to sell itself using other peoples images and animation (phoenix right and scribblenauts to name the obvious ones.)
This is why I prefer console games you get what you pay for
The intro is so true
It’s like the new call of duty mobile ads now
Hi there Game Theory could you do the lore of the game rust its a very interesting game and needs lore explaining
Lol I saw a mobile ad
THANK YOU FINALLY, IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS LOL
i hate STUPID ADS!!!
Mobile ads in a nutshell Can you solve these? Level 1 🟥🟨🟧 Level 2 🟨🟩🟪🟦 Level 3 🟩🟦🟧🟨🟥 Level 4 🟥🟨🟧🟩🟦 Level 5 🟥🟨🟪🟧🟦🟩 Level 6 🔻🟩🟪⬜🟧🟦🟨 Level 7 ⬛🟪🍏🟧🤍🟥🟦⭐ Final level 🔠🟤❕🍏❌♟🌟🌂🧡♀️ Make them in order of the colours
Hey matpat...you make this happend with to much theorys on the pilligers  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHIQLWW1zEE&t=57s
I fell for this with Evertale, it showed me a Pokémon lookalike so I paid a dollar for it and it ended up being more final fantasy. I played it thru just because I paid but immediately deleted and left a bad review
Ad: Guns & Blades Actual game : like candy crush
Hero wars started this style of advertising (they still use it - gotta give credit for persistence) - the Scapes franchise jumped on this wagon later.
the fish one and garden scapes literally have the exact same ad just with slightly different backgrounds and characters
He missed something in the fanf lore if Michel Afton is the cry child who put him in fredbears Mouth
lmao the intro
I wonder if you'll make a video on Youtube comment bots.
anyone else actually go to the description when the 2 arrows appeared? no? just me? ok
1:21 first one yes second no last one yes
2:47  My mom on level 8056: *amateurs*
You should go over the psp ps vita and PlayStation 3 stores shutting down I know that’s a bit different of content for the channel it’s still gaming related and you should cover it
Lmao 😂
Yeah matpat but what about the ones that steal footage from other games like "the new mobile game where you can do anything" and "dragon awaken"
14m wo
I cant reach Pink. The game: ○○○●●●●○■■●○□
I thought we were playing ads not games.
Spent all week playing Banished and then this video pops up xD
Can you solve season 6 of fortnite like the story of it? If not its okay.
I was thinking about this myself recently it's crazy to me how they can have such blatenet false advertisement in their ads and get away with it, the whole range of ads are terrible and when I see them I think who the hell was that marketed towards. I saw an ad the other day that had a different title in the artwork than the name on playstore, great advert guys! They are probably stealing artwork from people too not just game footage. Some of the ads are so highly sexualised and are everywhere even on instagram, there is one game that I have seen advertised recently that mentions having a freaking orgy and it makes me worry for children that end up seeing those types of ads. I have downloaded a few phone games over the years and some of them you end up watching more ads than you do playing the actual game which is never a fun experience. Not to mention the ones that sell your data on to third parties which results in you getting robots and scams calling or texting you.
Nice epic of stew Easter egg
One tips here, mobile games are just games using your crappy phone processor comparing to the PC counterpart, don't ever get fooled by things that looked too good for mobile games, heck browse them if you want to play one, advertisements are always misleading.
I actually used to be intrigued by ads when there were less, various and actually kinda interesting. Now they are all the same and happen every freaking second!!!
We might gonna rely on hackers to stop these ads meaning scams.
Finally, justice is served.
The FTC won’t do anything, and in practice they only care what is advertised directly on their app download page. But boy, it would be great if google and apple removed apps that played false, stolen, or misleading gameplay ads.
I don't see ads because I have Youtube Premium
"If you've spent a lot of time using the mobile version of YouTube, you've probably seen mobile game ads like this" Me who leapt at YouTube premium at launch: is this some kind of peasant joke I'm too rich to understand?
Pedestal
If I had a penny for every single time I saw one of those ads, I wouldn't have anymore student debt.
I remember one game had ads that made me so angry that I actually took it to twitter, the ad was clearly bait and was trying so hard to get people to click on it and it was so obvious, the tactics were crappy and I was not happy about it. If you are making such bad ads that you’re making me take it to twitter then we seriously have a problem on our hands.
Sooo this video coulve been 5 minutes long, right??
It’s kinda pogs that cybert channel got him self in here
Oh boy. I just can’t solve his puzzle, can anybody else help me? The question’s 1+1-2=? It’s *SO HARD!*  :(
He lost his mind and found it
Let’s sue them!
Damn those annoying kiss of war ads glad they got censored atleast
See my biggest problem with these ads is exactly what you were talking about the power player and well sometimes the power player is an adult or you know somebody who's got Financial stability but a lot of the times it's actually just children and you know they'll see the ad and they'll go ahead and try to play the game and by the time they've downloaded it they're using their parents money to buy stuff in the game because of the fake ad and if it hadn't been for the fake ad in the first place they might have either not downloaded it so my problem with this is that it's tricking children into spending money they don't have.
Its just evolving backwards
You can’t last 30 seconds ads in a nutshell
Can you Dow a Theory about the end gragin
5:21 Man they copied fallout shelter, another mobile game
FTC shout out flight reacts lol
When youre dead grandparents went over level 9665::) heh amatuer  Edit:Candy crush xD
You actually have Ben ruining childhoods sense 2009
Hey MatPat Did You Know The Iron Golem From Minecraft Is Connected to One of The World Wars?
Finally, a video that tackles on these ridiculous mobile game ads!
11:17 XDXDXD mark
I’m in the uk and still get those gardenscapes and homescapes ads and haven’t noticed disclaimers on them
when the diet coke has finally disappeared <\3
That is why I play gatcha games. I rather prefer being dooped by a mechanism that would promise me waifus on a low rate, than being dooped by companies who make lying ads to make games that would get me bored in a week.
Do you still use the dolby dimensions headphone?
Was Project Awakening the pickup of Scalebound????? The design of the dragon looks RIDICULOUSLY similar and even the human character looks like maybe a version of the guy we were supposed to play as.....
the dislikes is probably from the crappy ads creator :v
Between all the different channels I keep mixing up the endings. I was expecting "Bone appetite" at the end.
Forget the advertisement thing being legal, how  in the name of all that is holy is the thumbnail of this video legal? Or at least, the situation the dude’s in.
Thanks for covering this! Especially for the people who have played some of the games that are advertised, the ads are just hilarious 😂😂
Wdym vy dog atr stronger then cat
Reply all!
One time i see a video of a youtuber for an game add and im sub to that youtuber  The base video whase a minecraft among us mod
I just wish I could stop the completely inappropriate totally sexual game's advertisements.
Can you make a theory about Halo's covenant history and lore.
You should make a book theory Chanel
Does anyone remember petscop
what's with all the google pixel phones?
The amount of burns in this video is just alot
ممززوو. ووززخاو ورةءويبزو رزد ىظ .نلنبونربننبنب
MatPat staring a video of by mocking fake mobile game ads is something I never knew I wanted
Dragon ball legends is the best mobile game. Prove me wrong.
SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT!!
Cringey mobile game ads that show people exaggerating how much fun they have playing mobile games should be illegal.
Soooooooooooo, does this mean we can throw them in jail, please be so, I can't stand the crappy ads anymore.
How is Banished relaxing!?   I hav PTSD from all the Famine and the Disease and the Winters, who can't forget Tornadoes and oh yeah, Fire burning down everything you love!
yes i remember annotations, and you just made me sad that they are gone again. thanks mattpat.
it's legal cause YT says it is... they need that moolah.
Dragon city?
these ads for games where so annoying.  These even where driving me against the game ...
My dad said if i got 150 subs by the end of april ill get a pc!
E P I C
peppa pig has canobilisome
You should do a game theory for the mobile game called Brawl Stars.  Pretty deep and kinda dark lore tbh.
100% people cant solve this   The solving:1+1=?
Different title: The Game Theorists say epic nonstop for 0:35 seconds
I instinctively went to click skip ad during the intro
Okay, but lily's garden ads. Has a really decent storyline 👀
I have  Dan The Man "The best mobile game" Download it now  I defeated Normal and Hard mode
BOIS THEY BOUGHT THE OLD INTRO (and added a few new things)
I kept seeing an ad for some stupid looking colour sorting game, however the song they used in the ad was super catchy, ended up googling the song and saving it to my Spotify playlist, so at least the ad showed be a good song!
Evolution is fake.
Yea the remove virus happend to me 5 times
omfg i was eating while watching this episode and my computer froze and i dindnt realize until the end of the episode so i was watching the ape pictures for a whole five minutes
G A L A X Y   B R A I N    S T A T U S
ı was just watching this video then one of the ads popped up    .sometimes ı would like to speak to  the person who did the ad and say  you dont have a brain
gotta love the reply all shoutout
Brooooo
The ad for mafia City is misleading
1:26 mY fAthAr Is ThE cHiEF oF NeVY
Me:* thinking that this ad is beautiful * Me now: its not what im looking for  😭
Pro-expert-master-universal tip: On mobile, you can 'parasitise' ads by tapping to get the options, clicking the ellipsis at the top right, and sometimes you can add it to your Watch Later. Then just go there, and the actual video for the ad appears. The best part? Once you've parasitised one ad, all of the other public ads on the channel, as well as the name of the channel, are visible.  Note: This also works on the video ads in the Recommended feed.
Lol I got one of those ads while I was watching this *A coincidence? I think not.*
Finally, someone actually touching on how this is illegal in a way. (Love the videos MatPat!)
the last part should be scared theory it's just scary video game/real life discussion s
Really interesting point... personally , I think I'll just end up clicking on those adds now (costing them money) then leaving some 1 star reviews. Might not be a way to police those ads, but we can collectively make it more painful to do that kind of thing.
If you know people want that game you show on ads... THEN WHY ARE YOU NOT DOING THAT GAME WHERE IS THE LOGIC OF THIS
gamer aids
POV: UR MOM? EPIC!
I love your vids but I still haven’t forgiven you for your persona theory
*Roblox and Minecraft mobile edition is none scammable and actually Good time* *Edit: I've suffered the mobile games if I'm not alone type here* *Second edit:Why would you advertise your game if it has different game ads that's nothing related to your game*
evolution doesn't exist. read a bible
You can't do whatever you want in this world u have to be with god and if u think u can do whatever u it want is from the devil and trust me its worth being with jesus
Your next channel should be Animal theory
My girlfriend is 3390 in Homescapes and on her second house.
https://youtu.be/sDAzpO2Boo8  Hey there! I know we don’t know each other but idk if you’ve seen me posting about this recently or not but this is the YouTube series I’m starting. We’re in the process of filming episode 2 soon. I’m super excited about it! If you haven’t done so already you should subscribe to the YouTube channel and follow the IG page. Thanks 🙏🏼   @bmoreindi
You can’t ruin my childhood, my childhood was watching game theory
This video is "EPIC". Am I the only nerdy person here
Ive seen these mobile game ads for car games and he game play footage is from Forza Horizon 4, I wonder if microsoft is gonna sue them for copyright
Do binding of Isaac repentance
PLEASE SOMEONE GIVE HIM A F&%*IN MEDAL PLEASEE!!
And that's how Mafia work.
Omg i had the game that the guy had to download at the beginning lol
Please do a theory explaining the lore of the DreamSMP.
"we are in the money, come on honey"
am i the only one who got 1 of the ads he introduced in the video?
I love how this is like Danny Gonzalez’s badads series but ~intellectual~
Amusing that attention on those is overlooked but when it comes to a game like cyber punk and no man sky when it was released the internet was up in a uproar and not with those.
I am still waiting for the last of the three Minecraft diet theories about the Steve clones and potentially herobrine even though matpat confirmed that he doesn’t exist I still want the theory
#Gematria
Matt am really waiting on isaac repentance. Really want to see it.
What really sucks is when there's a game like lifeafter (PC/Mobile game) that's actually really good then their ads suck it's like why...
12:40 Crimes are prosecuted, not persecuted. Prosecution is law enforcement. Persecution is harassment.
People this day doesn't have self awareness I'm just a kid and I still didn't get scam lol
Is Family Guy TV Show Going to be Cancelled?
Meh at least better than Episode ads
Summary: it is illegal but the people that are supposed to enforce the law don’t care enough to do anything about it
i remember annotations, every now and then i will go watch an old video but feel something is off and thats because I remembered that video is suppose to have annotations .
You know how ironic this video would be if it was sponsored by raid shadow legends
You know I remember the days when hustle castle was what it advertised, it was fun and relaxing to play, now its just lying
You nailed that beginning part. I thought the ad that played before the video was still going 😂
A lot if those mobile games seem to be good at getting people to buy extras.
I actually fell for the game gardenscapes
Dogs are stronger than cats
Not the one's I just saw advertised
Y'all need a music theory channel
What about those ads for games that say that "you can win real money playing this game", it makes me so mad because I get those all the time while playing, some of them target minors to download There are also games that are obviously for kids but the ads are just pure non-explicit sexual content, those are ads that you can get playing any google play store game, those should be ilegal for targeting kids
"Throw ideas Against the Wall to See What Sticks" sounds like the title of the next New Mobile Game.
And why is there a 216 hour long ad?
So I know you're fnaf Game Theory videos and glitch trap is Vince for a fact
Hey matpat I didn't know if u heard of this show called the chosen. It is about Jesus. It is a great show. U and Stephanie should check it out.
Please recommend me games that use this kind of ads so that I won't be clickbaited by those games
Guys I got mobile add likete ones he’s talking about and if u wanna know I game is saying the truth from its adds then go see the ratings and reviews if they all say it’s the same as The add and u like the add then u can get it
You made fun of every mobile game ad. The best part about your videos is the humor imo
how does my youtube recommendation go so wrong that when i search "minato vs obito" in two videos my next video suggestion is Game Theory: Are Your Mobile Games ILLEGAL?
Those fake x button though
Lmao I just got that type of add before watching this
Bro, this is so infuriating with those H**tai games that you see on doujin websites. They actually make you curious. But then it's just a visual novel
*"It is evolving, just backwards"*
Nobody: Mobile games:  “1% pOePLe CaN sOlvE” “I cAnT rEaCh PiNk” “*insert unrelated caption*”
The Dislikes are from every lazy mobile developer
I remember annotations on YouTube from when I was a kid.
I seen an add that said "I CANT REACH THE PINK"  there was no pink.... it was a game for one of those .io games....
yes I can do any thing in this world I even can be nakid and walk in the public
I remember.
We all need to stand up to these app advertisers and shut them down. They’re annoying misleading scum.
I do not trust a single thing on the internet today
💚Congratulatons on 14 Million Game Theory!💚
Finally! I knew he was going to make a video about these dumb ads
I think their goal isn't about getting addicted whales but getting addicted people at all. Thats why there is so much pressure with adds in actual game.
OH MY GAAAAAWD I CAN'T REACH PINK LEVEEEEEL
APPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Wheres petscop
Finally someone had to point this out
my mom is level like 2000 something something in gardenscapes ir homescapes idk
5:59 Evolution?  Ah yes...    *"It's evolving, just backwards."*
so basicly mobile gaming is a scamm... i knew it...
Therefore why pc games are better
Man, these channels editing is just next level. Love you guys.
Raid shadow legends play noooow
Points for banished I bought this when it was greenlit on Steam great game
Me: looks for something to Watch My recommends: lOoK aT tAh big bRaIn dUdE  My brain: see's its about mobile game ads How i think mats feels about talking about this:😎
3:05-Because anyone who tries to stop a company is called socialist!!
But what about stealing ingame footage from another game?  Isn't that a clear cut breaking of the law??
I stopped playing mobile games a long time ago.
When will you make a video in gtlive about friday night funkin
Ad developers been real quiet after this video dropped👀
I remeber seeing a RTS ad using modified footage/gameplay from Age of Empires 2
...I have played a significant percentage of the games you mentioned. And I concur, the ads are deceptive.
I backed it up to watch the 965 level like 3-2 times and the rest is bootiful
whats the next channel gonna be maybe book theorists but idk and ill feel stupid if u already know cause i dont watch all vids some are too scary. and book theorist would be good because there are some books which are good but the movies made on them are trash
game theory:hey we got a cool sponsor of the marvel cinimatic universe on a mobile phone you can play on anytime anywhere game:very misleading also game theory:hey mobile games are illegal   everyone:we'll only remember them being illegal
The ads Now is so bad
Yes i get this all the time
Can I play YOUR game?
i thought he'd say raid, but nah😂
I’m glad I have YouTube Premium now. Haven’t seen any of those ads ever on yt. Just the fb and ig. Watching the intro ads were cringeeee
the rick and morty ee hit different in this ep
cyberpunk got sued for false advertising but this doesnt?
I removed anitations
I remember one time seeing an ad for like a rope puzzle game but it was literally clips of an zombie among us youtube videos .
There's a game in the play store that uses Age of Empires gameplay. And it's not even a small game. How is this allowed?
I also play garden and Homescapes.. but I’m over level 2000 on garden and at 1500 on home scapes 😂😂
Who says no to big cash ;)
Been playing gardenscapes for over a year and I've only gotten a mini game once 😅😅😅
Liked the spongebob reference
I think I might prefer a world where people don't trust advertisements.
Show of hands: Who has felt their IQ drop while watching an ad that's both stupidly simple and simply stupid yet the person doing it had to have been *PAID* to go against what their brain is screaming at them to do?
In my opinion mobile ads are like real life, on the surface its seems "EPIC" but once you do it/get it, its  really disaponting.
10:48 that happen to me million times whenever im in google to prove im an android user heres my emoji 😎😍👽 its diffirent
There's another game called "Rise of Empires", or something, which uses footage from "Age of Empires" in the ad. It makes me sick to see such an old game as AoE being stolen content from.
Okay okay so why the #### do I keep getting the same ad every time for that same #### GAME OR APP!!!!!!!!
"EPIC" ADS AR THW NEXT BIG MOBILE AD
99.999999999999% cant complete the puzzle  The puzzle 3+1
Do I have to delete my apps now?
Mobile games aren’t fun. Ther are some good ones. But all others are bad
I got like that with mafia city like it was a good game to but I’m never reinstalling it cause of the false ad
You're not wrong about YT ads, I'm getting flipping wierd anime game ads which doesn't interest me at all.
Most of those games I don't play, but I will say Mat... Lilly's garden actually is pretty fun, says it's a puzzle matching game, and.. it has a funny story as far as those go.
Avoid mobile games at all costs.
Good Lord picollo,finally someone addressed these hero wars ads, Those things have been bugging me for the longest time
can u make a legit fortnite theory or little nightmares 2 why six betrayed mono
You matpat there a thing called bendy ink chronicles
E p i c
Actually, there is only 10 in-game
Okay I watched this this morning in the office but I couldn't comment. Was gonna say how I saw another game literally steal the screenshot from another game i played and called it their own, but I just got home and just saw it happen again, some game called Dragon Storm Fantasy using a pic from Genshin Impact...
POV: you got a ad like this before the video started
Soooo thrue
Something else I don't understand is just why are there so many people out there who download a game, realise it's completely different, and stick around for generic candy crush simulator 724 and spend hundreds of $. Like if I went to the game shop and bought the new Mario game, but it turned out to be some made-in-two-weeks horse riding simulator. I'd be disappointed and furious, not just go with it.
Awesome video Matpat
2:24 All the time I've spent playing Gardenscapes has trained me to recognise whenever two rainbow orbs are touching ^^
Excellent video. I noticed you slipped bowsers fury in there which ironically is an interesting game as it shows a less compassionate side to bowser. which bowser only does his evil doing for love. and as bowsers fury is quite topical I am sure both you and the community would benefit from a video on that. but hey thats a just a theory a Youtube Algorithm Theory
Ads will never go away unless we stop cryptocurrency witch also will never happen
Are you asking dumb questions that you can't answer
Oh so that’s why I didn’t get any other crappy ads from gardenscapes or homescapes
the amazing endcard tournament. i remember
My mom plays garden scapes and is on like level 2000
i have literally seen a mobile ad using age of empires as their ad. no, actual age of empires, music, art style, buildings, everything. just age of empires. how did they think they could get away with that
To be fair those tiles look pretty neat.
episode 4 of me asking this channel to do a video on minecraft fossils
Is it illegal?  Me: I need answers
Has anyone seen those game ads that won’t let you close out of it until you install the app? I lost a lot of hard work in a game just bc of that kind of ad.(this was an honest mobile game, one of the rare gems)
I decided one day to go down an ad loop and try out a ton of random games just to uninstall them later.  It turned into a hobby, and now that I've got quite a bit of experience with ads... I can say: ye, they're that bad.  ( ._.)
And this is exactly why the honest mobile company Toca Boca is underrated but comes out on top.
I hate mobile ads they should make better ones
Hey you didn't mentioned Warpath that literally made an cinematic clip to adverrise their trash game.
Day 1 of asking matpat to go over the NES godzilla creepypasta, specifically red
Finally someone truly calling them out on this! And the best channel to do it! :D  What I just don't understand is that they would surely be more successful if they just put the time into making what they advertise, instead of 'generic candy switch number 287', like I'm sure an original idea is more expensive but surely could be worth it.
1:24 that made me genuinely happy
Me be like when i see a stick in school 0:11
8:19 ITS SHAKINGGGG 😂
I swear I spend more time on the app watching adds then actually playing the games 😒
I always do what i do best to stop this add by cursing everytime this thing pop up at youtube add
Mom Vs Dad Ad In A Nutshell  Dad: Sucks Mom: Does way better then the dad (Realistically) 2yr old: Beats Puzzle
game theory, do a theory or mini theory on why you think mario levels are timed.
LegalEagle x The Game Theorists
*Laughs in adblocker*
Woooooo UK 🇬🇧 making the steps into a better world
Mobile ads before was better
What about the data u use for downloading it?
Mario is dead
Hah, I got YouTube Premium. No, ads bitches! Yes, this is a flex.
most adds are like "99% can solve this puzzle!!"
Hey mat pat great video I have a suggestion for a theory binding of isaac repentance came out yesterday and explained alot of lore but there is still so many unanswered questions check it out if you wanna
That's why Godzilla is angry and we know why
So, I resisted downloading those games for a long time. I finally played the hero one you mentioned in my browser (cause I don't reallly like to download apps) and found it was a auto-battler where the game plays it self and you just have to tell it when to use overdrives. I did see that lock pull game... but because that wasn't just what the game was, since I was looking for brain teasers, I stopped all together.  Like, I've played video games so goddamn long in my life, I'm just not that interested in mobile games that prevent progression for money. Especially pay to save time games (clash of clans). It took me like 3 years before I started putting money into Pokemon Go. There was actual value in expanding storage. I don't play it as much now however since I only have Lets Go Eevee and I can only trade in the first 151 pokemon to it.  I will say this, because of World of Warcraft's shadowlands expansion with how terribly expensive legendary vessels are to make/purchase, I've been forced to buy a couple WoW tokens to make sure I had enough gold. Kinda makes you bitter.  Point is, these false ads make me respect mobile games as and industry even less.
There is a game called pull the pin that you can pay $1.99 to never have to watch ads again and it's fun to play occasionally.
965 lol my moms at 4000+
Its just app clickbait ngl
Anyone knows how to suggest a theory properly lol
I remember old gardenscapes which was actually good but now its false advertising and match 3 just go back to search and find 🤦🤦
Jeeez Vector and Gun Mayhem can beat this lazy game apps
I wonder if Game Theorists would do Genshin Impact theories. There is SO MUCH lore to unpack there
Yep. Even if i play a decent mobile games, it's ads are horrendous
Less theory, more PSA lol. Thx MatPat :D
Wait that got 6 on treding?
i tought this video was an ad for a game, so i almost didn't click on it...
Fate Grand Order, Arknights, Genshin Impacts and Azure Lane despite they scam us with gacha, they are honest with us about their products.
1:21, to be honey, this one specific one isn't totally misleading... when that Advert first showed up I downloaded the game. I played for a few weeks before uninstalling it, but, ONCE, I managed to get to a "Bonus stage", which was basically... that. It featured lots of paywalls, of which I payed for none of them. What was advertised to me as "The game", made up less than 1% of my play experience... but that <1% is more honest than most of the adverts you see. If this is typical of people who see the advert, what do they have to gain by doing it?  It's worse when they use footage of a completely different game. I've seen what is clearly a video of somebody playing Red Alert 2. you can even see the mouse cursor.
Hey Mattpatt look at genshin impact
Honestly I was drawn in with Gardenscapes, once I figured out none of it was what I was promised I decided "ah, duck it. I might as well play for a bit." But then it got so repetitive I couldn't stand it, I dunno how Alyssa has had the patience to do 965 levels, and mind you I. gardenscapes levels are rooms of the house and are usually 4-6 actual puzzles (at least in the beginning, like I said I quit playing before I got further in)
Download srick clash i played it cause theres an ad and the game never lies
::hasn't watched it yet:: Oh boy, this topic is something I wanted MatPat to talk about for ages! MATPAT DON"T FAIL ME NOW :D
I know a company called “NoEffortGames”
helllllllllllllllllllllooooooooo                        hi
Isn't the use of other games material illegal? Like using dragon awakening trailer surely that's copyrighted material? Is the developer of banished permitting use of gameplay footage for these mobile games?
Epic intro
Did you realise that spring bonnie at least I think thats him has the black liquid coming from the eyes
*psst, hey, matpat, couldya do a theory on TBOI: rebirth's new DLC, repentance?*
Yeah, I just got bored of how stupid those are
5:21 i like that game
Me: Cringe Mobile Ad game makes you fooled... Also Me: *sees Ripoff mobile game ads* Wait, That's illegal!
5 million combat power?? No 50 million combat power and a top mount? How did you get it?
Man I was actually wondering about all these ads. Excited to watch this :)
you were just talking about ads  and then all of a sudden I just saw one
The Game Theorists: misleading ads are annoying me: closing ads by "x" is much annoyer  P.S: the "x" is smaller than an atom so that you wont be able to close ads  Thanks for all of these likes I have never got like this amount in my life :)
Finelly someone talks about this bull sh*t
Hey MatPat,  are the ads that are like “PLAY THIS GAME TO GET REAL MONEY IN YOUR BANK ACCOUT!” breaking the FTC guidelines?? I got many ads like that, and I am very curious about it.
Adds lie
Throw these ads in jail!
Power players huh.... never knew that was the name they gave to us. Nay, I don't play mobile ad games.
Matpat please please make a theory about the game called vector please
Regardless of the legal ramifications, making games this disgustingly pathetic should be a crime against humanity.
if everything is epic........................ nothing is epic
“so go get em warrior” *warrior cats european book cover in the back*
The intro was delicious
Seeing those ads makes me so angry that i want to rip my guts out.
I wish mobile game ads were illegal
guys I can’t reach pink color 😔
Genshin impact is the most annoying ad
0:43  Poor stock photo guy, he has been trough sooo much cut him some slack will you
Wow, raid shadow legends seems ok by these standards.
Another point on "Dragon Awaken" - the font of the title is straight lifted from "Dragon's Dogma", which by the way is an incredible game that you should definitely check out!
A game called Milkman karlson was copied and renamed by Stupid crossing glad it was took down by Dani
Where are these games made?
Ah, the Hero Wars. Not only is the game ads misleading to the point of being illegal it is also hilariously sexist. And somehow they are never getting called out on it.
Remember guys be kind to each other and don't lie
.-. --- -- .- -. - .. -.-.  .-. . .-.. .- - .. --- -. ... .... .. .--.  .- .-. .  --- ...- . .-. .-. .- - . -..
The worst thing is that those companies don't even develop the games. You can buy pre-made games for 20 bucks at the lowest, just change the logo and a few other assets and publish them on the app stores.
The worst part, these games appear in the top of the play store... And the diamonds in the rough remain as, well, diamonds in the rough
Minecraft ads never lie 😌
I remember anotations
What about stealing footage of other games ?
Garden scapes isn’t banned in the uk for some reason. I had it downloaded before and it was fine. Yes I downloaded it because of the FAKE ad
Finally! GT is covering this, this madness of lies and mirages!
Hmu on Instagram @theofficialvmode 💋✊🏿
“For Its a sin... to tell... a liiiieee”
That's not a Game Theory, that's an actual fact
3:52 boink
I remembered long ago, when ads gives a preview of a good game without.... This nonsense :/
the dislikes are mobile game developers
They were fortunate that Homescape is a good game
Sorry but that  man who made this adds is the son of Satan.
here's the solution ban mobile games completely
https://youtu.be/mDOxLnXV3tY
Literally while i watched this i got a misleading ad..
Most mobile games are just bad
*NO*
Who would win 1 bilion lion or all the pokemons
right after my steam acount got deleted
Ive been asking myselfe this question for years...
Welcome to game theory is that a JoJo reference when you open up your video
I was promised to get a good video. Instead it was amazing
99% people can't read this!!!!! Can you?
That's why i hate add back in the time add where truthful a with their content now    No one will will solve this Me:the fu** it's just 1+1 dude literally  And the add before Where truthful with their content Even i know i'm a power player i don't pay them money for it and im choosy which game i  will download
FINALLY someone is talking about this!!
When will these type of ads stop?? 😥
They should just ban microtransaction.
WHEN I PLAYING MY MINECRAFT I WAS IN THE SEA THEN I FOUND... UMMM I DONT NOW WHAT TO CALL IT DO YOU NOW THAT YOU CAN FIND A END PORTAL IN CAVES THAT WAS LIKE 1 PART OF THAT BUILDING THAT YOU FIND END PORTAL WHEN I GET IN THE PLACE I HEARD A CREEPY SOUND THEN I TRY TO FIND A SAVE PLACE BECUSE I WAS SCARED *BECUSE IM 10 YEARS OLD* THEN I GET MY MINECRAFT CREATIVE MOD BOOK BUT THERE WAS NOTHING OBOUT THAT PLACE CAN YOU CHECK IT OUT BECUSE I LOST THAT PLACE
That is exactly why youtube included the "report ad" feature
What about the new lore from Binding of Isaac : repentance
You can't always tell the truth even if it's the right thing sometimes the better way is to lie or say nothing that's all you can super Smash Brothers saying that little mac is a god-like but in reality he's garbage  Little Mac can be a God like character but only in the correct scenarios if that gives you a good example
MatPat you have 14 Million subscribers!
Let the next channel be advertising theory
3:05 because the government is an idiots and they don't care it's sickening looking at you Coppa this is the reason why people should use cancel culture not attacking characters like Pepe Charles blow is a liar pass it on
That garden  i forget her name has some DEEP lore
Those are so annoying can I please watch some videos about VanossGaming H2O delirious PewDiePie Markiplier Dashie can I please watch one of those guys instead they're funnier and more entertaining than you Abs sucks
Sometimes they have the gut to put "age of empires" on the ads and put different name.
The condemned name biomechanically jam because rotate randomly disappear between a lackadaisical snowboarding. faint fair, hapless railway
We need Matpat,Mark,Dawko,Cory and Sean to make a ad together.
IF I WANTED TO MOVE TILES, I WOULD REMODEL THE KITCHEN! > : C
I wish I lived in the uk now
You should stop cause its wrong matt, stop because it's wrong.. 😅
Me who has mobile games: *nervous sweating*
They just want $$$
When does two events happen? I ever see them😵
That would've made more sense with "prosecuted" rather than "persecuted."
I know this is weird but I also feel like I have a personal connection to that Dr.Squatch guy. I don't know maybe it's because he's uncannily similar to my Science Teacher but I feel entertained by his ads.
Mapat: Are Your Mobile Games ILEGAL?! Also Matpat: "That's probably not the question you should be asking"
No, we do not talk about lily's garden...
8:57 i feel.. Acused..
1% of people can’t solve this puzzle The puzzle: 1+1
The pull key style games die faster.  Where is my water ? Cut the rope etc
Roblox has a ad that is real
*"Its Evolving, just backward"*
mobile game ads use convergent evolution- so soon they will all be crabs
The amount of game ads I see on Twitter are sad. I have to mark them as spam because they look inappropriate
you should make a sound theriost
I saw this game ad on dacebook, with a supposed to be a gameplay of the game, but on the bottom of it it says "not actually gameplay" and it was hilarious
EPIC
yo matpat check out this series called "harmony and horror"
Happy epril fuls
@Theodd1'sout
Um...... Okay thanks
I know the channel doesn't choose what ads are shown, but the irony that a game theory episode about fake game ads had one of the ads during the episode.
Almost thought this was korean englishmen cause of the epic effects
So now I wanna share some mobile games that I really like: (if there's a lot of ads just turn off wi-fi) *Adventure games:* - NyxQuest - DATA WING - Evil Cogs (kinda reminds me of hollow knight but very different) *Puzzle games:* - That Level Again - black - Okay? - hocus. (Perspective illusion puzzle) *Level by level games:* (those that are based on going through levels, without much story or puzzle) - Light-it up - Smash Hit (i like this one most but it was always too hard for me -v-)  Those are the games that gave me memories, and sometimes I come back to play them again, so maybe you'll like them too. They have a unique aesthetic and are guite interesting :)
Project wingman theory when
In the intro the game they used is gardenscapes
Maybe it's just me, the A/B tests always generate result that makes me cringe and adhorred to the ads and thumbnails, including yours tbh. No exception so far.
"I CAN'T REACH PINK!" -there  on pink -the word pink is the color green
"Annotations? Now that's a feature I haven't seen in a long... long time..." or something idk I don't watch Star Wars
day 2 of asking mattpat to make a video of genshin impact
Fun fact, there is a game called save the girl that isnt lying in the ads.
my wife is at level 3265 in that game...
1:37 Same vibes
What about the stolen footage?
The thumbnail is completely wrong, it should be 99.999999999999% loses.
Brawl stars is op
weirdest one is hero wars doing that since their game is better than what they advertises with the key puzzle those they did put that into the game later on
Never saw this intro looks cool
Lol forget the FTC just install ad blocker
The one I hate the most is a game that not only uses Pokémon in it, but also rips off Omori white room -.-
there is only one good playrix game. despite its ads, township was fun in 2016. same with voodoo. fight list is fun, but it takes forever for your opponents turn
I hate that adopt me Roblox scams are actually being advertised on YouTube now..
Ads for mobile games I found really misleading Hero Wars get the loot, save the girl or beat the monster. At the time of this being aired this game no longer exist a coin pushing that you’re supposedly supposed to be able to put real money into your bank account.  Build roads won’t even let you make mistakes, Games I have downloaded but now that the ads have changed into something completely different Gardenscapes, Homescapes, Klondike Adventures: Farm Game, Township and now Fishdom
Oof annotations god that was a while back huh
Half way threw this video I got a garden-scapes advert 😔
Banished is a relaxing game for about the first 30 minutes before mother nature becomes sick of your species existing and goes haywire.
Anyone get the jiggle physics AFK ARENA ad with the annoying sound?
I'm so glad we finally talking about this
They better be
An interesting thing to note is that the stark difference in gameplay and ad is actually intentional. It's something I learned in a mobile game development course. Basically, the game shows an ad for a game that will get the most clicks (essentially based on A/B testing). The game itself is then a game designed to get users to spend more money (again, based on A/B testing).   So overall, the games that are shown in ads are the perfect games to get people to download, while the games that actually exist are the ones that are perfect for getting people to spend money.  For the record, the point of that lecture was to specifically NOT do this, but to make us aware of it so we'd know what we're doing if we end up working for a more scummy company, since it is absolutely effective. The other point of the lecture was to show us how A/B testing can be used for good in mobile development, by rolling out a new feature to a set of new players (similar to beta testing but in the middle of a game's lifespan), and tracking the retention/playtime of these players compared to others. Basically trying to find a way to make the game more enjoyable, which is specifically NOT what these ads do.
Me: seeing this video VIDEO: pops up an stupid ad Me: You are not tricky me this time!!!!!
I got a Rick and Morty add
I find it funny that the editor put in a note for the Dr Squatch guy that said he feels like he has a personal connection to the guy because of the ads. Tbh that's actually the reason I started buying Dr Squatch products (guys, get it. Now every shower feels like I'm waking up in a cabin in the woods next to a river)
even though the pixel 4 xl is dunked on by basically everyone it's been my daily driver since it first released and it's still an amazing phone imo
I never buy ingame currency. I know if I did I would be punching myself when I couldn’t buy that $1 candy bar
Might wanna change your channel name to "The Game Factuals" after making this video
Cod mobile is good it is definitely dus not
Does anyone know who the person in the picture frame is in the intro?
EPIC ADVENTURE: POCKET EDITON  DOWNLOAD NOW! EPIC GAME PASS AVAILABLE NOW!
I want to create a game at mobile but its 2d :/
Dragon Awaken also stole art from indie artists and used them for their advertising. I know one of the artists they stole from.
😆 *loserrr* poor jerry
I dont get ads on YouTube. Not on my phone or web browser. For like the last 2 years
Humanity was a mistake
Been playing both Homescapes and Gardenscapes since before any ads came out for them — Can confirm that those “mini games” did not exist when the game first launched. The very first ads that came out featured them, however.
question: why call them power players? calling them whales makes more sense since it neatly describes how they can gobble up many krill(games) at once, plus this shows another point where companies want to profit from whales, like irl.
Ironically I got one of those ads while watching this😂🤣
I don’t think that any company that has adds for their product knows that because of those adds it actually results in less people buying their product because adds are only effective to a certain demographic and most people are not in that!
Hi I just wanna say that you should make a new Hazbin video as a apology for not getting the right information and made so many people angry. I know it’s confusing but anyway. Take a look at the comics the wiki and maybe the shows and there you go. But that’s just a idea. A film idea💕 stay safe
Lily's garden ads are pretty much a soap opera I love them
Y'all see that mobile game on Facebook that uses memes and making fun of their own game instead of misleading ads?  Yeah that game    I still didn't download it
Love the new intro MatPat
:aswome:
6:02 Did...Did you really just insinuate that bats and birds once were in the same family line? I know you can be sloppy in some research but...seriously?
Basically they are too lazy to do anything.
i got a crappy add while watching this
Me who has no games: mkay
Yeah, I keep seeing fishdom pull the key adds but it says ‘more gameplay options inside’
FTC flight team stand up
these people that seems to play the adds has nearly no brain!
This is why the only Mobile game I play is genshin impact because all there trailers are true gameplay.
Oh my gosh. Guys I literally love this game. I'm totally not bored and I'm like trying to beat every level.
Glad guardian tales isn't like this  A diamond in the rough
Ahem. Kids.
I wonder if its epic?
YOU CAN LEGALLY GO TO DISNEY LAND IF YOU SOLVE THIS PUZZLE (99% CANT!!) 1+1=??? A) purple cucumber B) eggplant C) 🍆  D) all of the above
I hate when these ads have a super small x button or a fake one to direct you to safari or the App Store 😭
I got a ad for a game in this video lol
If you are into watching vlogs, pranks, makeup or skits please consider watching some of my videos, really would like some support on my new YouTube channel 🤍
I watch ads that are fake and I know they are
https://youtu.be/4DAN3aW3igo
I just don't get why they make the game as advertised. I feel like they would make more money this way
thats how mafia works
The Top War ads were misleading, but the company that made the game said that they are working on incorporating the ad's game play into the game
Thats just outright fraud and false advertisement, both of which are crimes in many countries
In my country these are illegal, they violate our consumer protection  laws with their fake advertisements
I’m watching this on mobile and an ad for a game came up and it was...Clash of Clans
I think everyone knows that Mobile Legends is the best at copying a specific game
anyone else notice that those ads for "relaxing and realistic" slime games are people playing with actual slime on a green screen that was then cropped onto the phone? 🤦‍♀️
The Mobile games are horrible and misleading now but a long time ago they were actually good😩with
Yeah matpat destroy ad
Can we give those fake ads a ..|.. Means f you
12:39 I believe you mean _prosecuted_ not persecuted.
You need to do a theory  about little nightmares 1 and 2
0:41 everyone in the world has experienced this
There can be some exceptions to the rule, but most mobile games always ruin it for others. Then again those exceptions always have something very.. "specific" about them also their ads tend to such 99/100 of the time *gacha. games.* (AK, GFL, FGO, ETC)
So I know what the red portion of the logo references ( Film Theory great show y'all should watch it) but what does the yellow portion stand for?    Btw MattPatt I love the new intro
yea... ive seen those fake ads like EVERY time i play a youtube video
I’ve been playing Gardenscapes for yearssss and the first time I saw an ad like this I was so so mad.  It’s a good game and I like it as it is so why advertise it as something it’s not?
I'm very *EPIC*
Click bate
Don’t forget the ads that say you can win 100’s of dollars just by matching a couple words! I get those all the time, and they give me a headache
Shame we didn’t go deeper in on those adds that promise you cash for playing them. Yeah the would fall low on the “worthy crimes scale” but they are the ones o hear complaints about a lot
My question.. Has anyone Played.. Honkai Impact 3rd or Genshin Impact.? Yes, some companies are legit.
8:50 R.I.P. Reply All
I just turn off wifi to play mobile games no adds with no wifi
Oh god its fking disgusting
lol
...Huh. I never noticed before how much the FTC logo looks like a very unimpressed face.
What about fake statistics? They give stuff, like “Only people with 135+ iq can solve this”
I'm surprised they haven't come for you yet
Isn't using someone's likeness in their ads without their consent breaking the law though? I've seen Ninja in a few playing crappy app games.
we need a channel called music theory
I'm actually glad this man is talking about this. It's been really annoying
Finally someone talking about it. I fed up with those type of ads
This is so true
Finally someone acknowledges these god awful ads. Honestly if I could ad block stuff on my phone without jumping through hoops I would. They're honestly the worst and they make me want to break my phone in two because they're EVERYWHERE
Clash of Clans being #2 on trending rn = if it ain't broke, dnt fix it... thanx, I hate it😒
The worst is that YouTube somehow allows the "Game of L*st" ads and ones like that while YouTubers get demonitized for much less.
Rip *SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT!*
Actually garden scapes is a puzzle game but only on specific levels
Jokes on you, I don’t even have any mobile games
Never thought I would heard the name "Cygames" on Game Theory. Best company 10/10
I will eat your soul if you no sonk and Batman video
Mobile Game ads: EPIC! Mobile Games from those ads: EPIC FAILURE!
Oddly enough, Hero Wars is not that different from the ads, at least in the puzzles. It’s a mix between the ads puzzles and something like AFK Arena
Me: Almost trying to complete the game. Ads: imma ruin this man's carrer.
Genshin is one of the few mobile games which actually is just as good or better than the actual Ad.
Game: pay for no ads me: turns off wifi the game:😐
Gt live should be blue
The ads back in the day is really great. Like the hog rider ads of clash of clans. Damn I miss that day.
mihoyo games ads: *i am four parallel universes ahead of you*
The yellow circle is out the place
5:06 is that the literature club, club room?? Also thank you for making this video, I've gotten wayyyyy too many of these types of ads
As soon as the two arrows pointing down came out, I jumped to like the video. I am weak.
The best way to get rid of the ads is to NEVER download a game from the fake ad, look it up in the game shop to see if you really want it.. unless the game is truthful.
Thank you. I have such a problem with these ads, so just hearing others complain is relieving
BETER CALL SALL  and YAH SIENCE came from breaking bad
11:16 Don't ask me why I know this, but there are TONS of dating apps that still do that today.
Can you do a theory estimate on how tall the Gargantuar is from pvz 1 and 2?.
Funny, I got a shitty ad while watching  this.
Sigh. I remember when Gardenscapes was just a seek-and-find game on the PC. Gardenscapes what happened to you? I thought you were cool.
Just saw one of this ads when seeing this
They changed Gardenscapes ads to get more people. The old ads were normal.
Can you do a vid on how big the one piece world is??
After 1,875 levels... I have seen 4 of the mini-games.
“New mobile game-you can do whatever you want” downloads after this📈📈📈📈📈
That tiny moment of shame when you recognize Gardenscapes in the intro example.
Seen games stolen footage of YouTubers I watch
I saw a racing game that straight up stole forza game play for their advertising.
Hey matpat maybe you can make a miraculous ladybug theory that would be kinda cool to me
I got an ad for a stupid app game and thought it was part of the video
The only mobile game I've been interested in was Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius. Played for 4 years and yes, im a whale (although i SHOULDN'T be) at least their ads we're legit
:o
Why isn't there an ad block for these things
Remember when mobile games were good like clash of clans or jetpack joyride?
the dislikes are from the mobile companies
It’s funny how I am getting one of those idiotic ads while watching this video
I literally didn’t realize this was a game theory video until my friend recommended me it since I was so used to thinking this was another awful game add.
kill ads
Nice vid
Next time please make more cool intro
99% cannot beat this: the ad: what came first the chicken or the egg me: s h o c k
https://youtu.be/2BD-ba-aXQo
One mobile game I remember was dungeon keeper, it starts off as a standard progressing game but up to a serten point your progress gets blocked by a pay wall, I'm not kidding there was a vary specific point in the game where you weren't able to move up unless you bought Micro transactions for gems.
you should do one on the binding of isaac repentance
Rip groin in title screen
EPIC
Me:just watching YouTube The add:Ima show you a privet part but you have to get the game duhhhh.
So I tried to click and download Epic, but it just stopped the vid. Any help guys?
We don’t claim those “Mobile games”
(Jesse In Breaking Bad)  "THEY CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT!"
whoa YALL ARE #5 ON TRENDING
Wait........I want to hear more about that stick
Idea for the 4th channel.  Life Theory.
I'm so glad you make this video because I've been soooooo annoyed by these ads.
Lol
I've always wondered about this. And now I got the answer. It's so annoying though. I'm surprised that such tactics work on anyone, let alone people who pay insane amounts of money on mobile games.
Premium gang where you at?
There is a game called "pull the pin." It is just like it's adds cause the developer hated these fake adds. So he made a game with an add that is exactly what it is. the game sucked though, i wouldn't recomend it
Then of course, their is Clash of Clans.
Apple won’t allow for a Gamepass app because they want to authorize each game but they’ll let tons of misleading garbage onto the App Store on top of this there’s also all those ridiculous apps that claim to be pregnancy tests, gram scales and other tools like that
The mobile game world has turned 💩💩 it was so much better like 5-8 years ago
its a face??? 9:44
7:05 me, a 13 year old: _i remember annotations from rubick's cube videos when i was first learning how to solve them_ _i swear im not a boomer i know many of meme_
congratualations to matpat for hitting 14m
all my adds are oddly games that are almost showing nude ladies it’s kinda sad how sexual that make everything now
i swear, i see similar game ads on my facebook feed is just head-smashing-against-a-brick-wall-face-first annoying... what's worse is that they keep getting posted...
Ads be like: I can't pass the pink level
MONIKA?! WHAT DID YOU DO WITH MICHEAL >:0
while i was clicking this an ad shows up and its very disgusting (not cringe) an 18+ ad just fricking showed and ofcourse anime the is litterally showing the private part i mean seriously i was too flash to skip the ad what a bad day
The intro is basically raid shadow legends
cats > dogs.
0:20 thats three words, actually
I thought there was a legit sponsor
I have still have not reached the pink colour
12:35 so disappointed it wasn't stan pines right there. "when there's no cops around, everything's legal!"
how long alyssa played garden &house scape for month!!!?
Yeah I don’t trust any mobile game ads bc it’s all fake
Its it tru and its annying
Korea out there with good games and actual ad with footage of the game
that's a lot of epic
Persecuted, or prosecuted? Was that a joke or a typo. I couldn't tell.
Mobile game ads: mislead you into downloading Everyone: 0:43
Z
Ads are still designed when doing AB testing. So the evolution analogy doesn’t work.
0:45 me jamming to this all day
Lol I thought the begging was a add
Finally
Good job on #5on trending bro
mobile fake ad: im big and the strong  the game: i got 1 cent
This is the most views I’ve seen a video get in a single day ngl
I haven't seem that ad on YouTube. I pay the ten bucks a month for YouTube Premium. Signed up for Escape the Night (when I saw an ad, ironically, featuring MatPat as a contestant in season 3), stuck around for the lack of ads, down loads and picture-in-picture.
Do a sonk video
Not gonna lie, the people who make the ads for Lily's Garden should really be paid to make a Netflix show based on the license. Those ads look like they'd make for a pretty good aninated comedy/drama. The concept is there- Lily has to fix up the garden at her dead relatives mansion to inherit said mansion and a fortune, meanwhile she deals with personal issues relating to a boyfriend who cheated on her with her own mother, a new boyfriend who works as a home improvement specialist, a pregnancy scare and more with implied mystery in several ads- as is a pretty recognizable art style and an already interested fan base who love the ads but hate the game. Itd probably be a pretty quick hit in some circles, possibly a big hit if marketed well.
I'm hoping for a theory of Shady Part Of Me
https://youtube.com/watch?v=bH1JLZZQ7p8&feature=share 😂😂
3:18 I remember seeing an add for a mobile game using gameplay from a modded version of Battlestations Pacific a few years ago. I was so mad that they were doing it because it was so freakin obvious it was from Battlestations.  I hate that companies are getting away with this
Lazy game developer there i said it
No joke. At 6:28 I got a Verizon as when Matt said "that-" it went to "only Verizon"
who said they were OUR mobile games?
I’m more concerned about about how every one who “plays” the game in the Ads is completely inept
7:03 Jesus Christ Im only 13 why am I feeling like I'm older?
I actually have that Hero Rescue game. The description on the app store even says "that game in all the ads".
Normal apps : can you find the green heart? 💛💛💚💛
https://youtube.com/shorts/ZSBSre8FI38 This is my theory
You can said yoir are those add compagny to advertise something else
The only mobile games I play are Rhythm Games like Cytus, Cytus 2, Deemo, Deemo Reborn, Dynamix, Shining Live, Voez, Lanota, Arcaea, Lyrica, OverRapid, Noah's Bottle, Love Live AS, Love Live, BanG Dream, Kalpa, Hachi Hachi, Lethe, & Phigros. Then the only other 2 games I have are Pokemon Masters EX and AFK Arena which I actually like. Out of these games 19 of them have in-app purchases which I am admitting to buying, Cytus 1 had song packs, Cytus 2 also had song packs but also extra characters with their own ganre of songs plus a gacha mini-game(luckily Cytus 2 is supported by the Google Play Pass which makes everything $0.00 if you have the play pass subscription which is so worth it), Deemo and Voez are probably the worst offenders in terms of song packs, I've probably spent $300-$400 on Deemo alone, then Shining Live is where I would be considered a whale since I used to spend a lot of money on prisms the game's only currency which can be earned but it's not enough to be able to rank high enough in events. In Shining Live I've managed to come within the top 300-700 players worldwide out of over 3 million players in almost every single event I participate in, I love the characters, I love the fact that all 11 characters are fully voiced and animated, I love the anime the game is based off of, I love the songs, and I love the gameplay. Bonus Mamoru Miyano is the voice actor and singer of my favorite character in the entire game and I also adore all the amazing artwork used on each photo of each character except maybe the Rare Photos since they are very simplistic, it's the URs that matter the most. Also I have yet to Ultimate Combo any song on Master Level difficulty cause damn the note maps are hard but I love the challenge. These challenging rhythm games are why I am fully willing to spend the money on all the song packs because every song has at the very least made me listen to it more than once, also a lot of these rhythm games have really good stories. Look no further than Deemo who's story mode I've played 9 times now because it's such a heartbreaking/heartwarming story and I absolutely love the piano music that was chosen for the game. But Yeah I never fall for those stupid ads for dumb games, I make sure to pick each game I download carefully and with full knowledge of what the actual gameplay will be beforehand.
The biggest bestest mystery of all of the world what is bf fnf real name :)
I got an "Obsessive Love adventure" ad and It showed that the character showing her...               Let's just say... *illegal parts*
Remember when fun mobile games were made? Cause I don’t
Wow that subtle but perfectly timed and executed Rick & Morty reference in the intro had me in stitches 😅
We all know the Worst Ad type of them all: The "I can't reach Pink color 😭" ad Edit: Many Will say the "My Mom My Dad" ad Edit 2: I'm haven't seen a my mom my dad ad I've only seen the I can't reach Pink color ad the most
I bet kids these days never know about theLegend27
Who else hates mobile ads
Ads🔫😠      Translation:fck mobile game ads
I CANT REACH PINK COLOR😭😭😭💖💖   The game: doesn’t even have a spec of pink in the game
me, already knowing its illegal and many of those advertisements have been removed: TELL ME MATPAT! TELL ME IF THEY ARE LEGAL OR NOT!
This show how dspereant they are of players
Congrats at #4 on trending rn
*99.9% of viewers can’t solve the fnaf lore!*
9:39 I see a face on the FTC logo.
,lhhgm
https://youtu.be/-RAglyw6ySk
Mobile game ads be evolving but backwards
Ads are just evolving, just backwards
There is something I can say can be punished with actual cost. Ripping video from another source gives the source legal action to make them pay for that footage. If I took a movie clip and put it as the ad for my game, actual time, training, editing, and money went into that clip, and they could be sued that way.
Mobile game makers just be going like "That's how Mafia work." whenever they do something sleazy.
I hate the sexual ads so much
OMG I REMEMBER THAT 7:07
Sometimes i see the dumb ads and some times they look hard or they are just impossible
I like how this is trending so undoubtedly, people are going to get ads about these games.
There's so many trashy Minecraft ripoffs that are so bad Mojang made a series just to tell them how to do it right, even putting "A step-by-step guide to ripping us off" in the video
This should have been 5mins
You also gotta love the ads that directly take you to the app store even though you literally click on the X button.
Bruh I'm literally in LOVE witht he new intro
no, nothing on Android is okay or morally acceptable
I play the puzzles anyways, but I don’t click on the final one , so it doesn’t send me to the App Store
I am angry that dogs are stronger than cats cats are my favorite animal dogs are my second favorite :):
7:23 What is sunkist doing here? I mean he is stronger than a cat because he's immortal but..how did he get here?
https://youtu.be/dbMASopIOCU
11:16 oliverplier
10:54 Yeah, I've also experienced that at least once
Who remembers the "SUPER AMAZING ENDCARD TOURNAMENT!!!!" ? XD  (Also, 10:40 aww <3)
They need to ban mobile ads alteast for me because most mobile ads are inappropriate and disgusting 🤢 there’s a mobile ad that makes you erase a woman’s clothes
The game is so hard! 99% fail The game: Which is different ⬜️⬜️⬛️⬜️
Game theory Scott has a YouTube channel called Scottworld and it leaked release dates
Good thing I just "skip ad", or if I'm annoyed, "stop seeing this ad" those
But I’m just honestly astonished how someone can make a fake ad about a game that doesn’t even exist to promote your game that is completely irrelevant to the ad, then make the fake ad into a real game and making bank off of both games
I see you, Epic of Stew!
All hail Matpat god of theory
4th Trending
I mean you didn’t even talk about sexualizing and targeting to kids
matpat,get your theory wheels running,because a new (old) game is here and has some more lore,no its not fnaf thank god,the binding of issac rependence just came out,think you can do a theory on it
Every time I see one of those "You can do anything you want in this game" my mind always goes to something like: "Can I file my taxes?"
All hail Matpat The theory god
Do you mean talked about the sexualizing in target into kids
Woah that’s epic
Thank God someone covered this
3:40 DEAD BODY REPORTED
And what’s worse is that these apps had illegal gambling up until 2020 when online gambling was made legal
The binding of isaac repentance's ending is so cool, hope to see the theory on this soon
Those companies are so greedy
Bro, I used to play Homescapes and Gardenscapes back in 2018 and they actually made a legit ad about the games. I uninstalled the games then since I don't really play them anymore. But now they literally scam people with a puzzle game ad which is not part of the gameplay. When I saw the ads of the "gameplay", I knew they were lying as I know what the gameplay really is. The gameplay is to fix an ENTIRE HOUSE and GARDEN. When you renovate them, you need keys. But in order to get keys, you need to win the levels. So, is that near the ad? Of course not.
Solo voy a decir baitybait
A|B testing is pretty interesting and a really useful tool, but what these mobile game companies do is just scummy. It disgusts me.
Now I gonna make a game called “Generic Mobile Game Number 1000”
rise of kingdoms is the worst 100%
hey matpat you should do a game theory episode on the new among us map :)
Gardenscapes is the CEO of the fake ads thing
THIS VIDEO IS SPONSORED BY RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
My least favorite ad is that stupid add with the “song” saying: “NoW iM sHaKiNg DrInKiNg AlL tHiS cOfFeE-“ I HATE that ad. I’ve seen it 100 TIMES. It gave me nightmares. You know which one I’m talking about. Everyone does.
I'm surprised this video wasn't sponsored by... RAID SHADOW LEGENDS!  Jokes aside, another awesome video, Matt. Hope you and the fam are well during these times.
I was just thinking about this. Get out of my had Mat!
Literally the first thing I do when I download a shitty mobile game is patch it with lucky patcher xD
Epic
Im fan of you the game theory
Thank you for explaining this.
I'm pretty sure that in some places false advertising is illegal or not allowed or something like that, but false advertising is still wrong.
That is how mafia works
What these do instead they get me so mad that am like am getting this just to show you how easy it is
This video has made me more depressed than any other video on any of the theory channels. I hate all of the ads
I am wondering, why haven't the ads been taken down for false advertising and misleading?
Hey Matpat, I have been wondering for a long time, but in your intro, who are the people in the picture on the right of the desk?? I was just wondering.
Game Theory: Are Your Mobile Games ILLEGAL?  Mobile application developers: No, but that's why we do what we do
7:02 i member
Did anyone else get mobile game ads while watching this video?
Hey MatPat, since The Binding of Isaac: Repentance is out, can you attempt to make a complete timeline of events for a video? Thanks. 👍
Ban China from all markets or this will always be thing
I feel like one of the more common versions of this is showing an incredibly easy puzzle and having the ad constantly fail, it seems to be effective because it, in a kind of OCD way, compells you to download the game and solve it.
Deja vu, I feel like I’ve seen this before
13:06 Nah its fax
It’s gotten to the point where there needs to be some type of government regulation with these god damn ads. 99% of these ads are for garbage clone cash grabs by Chinese companies intentionally designed to attract young children.
I swear older mobile games are MUCH better than the ones that we have now.
8:39 save DaBaby
Find the chater on your husband! *Shows a woman dead set in the middle clear as day*
Level one crook turns to level 100 boss
Me: "misses the x button" Play store: *"Oh?"*
white ppl
https://youtu.be/kyxSeyJdf2Q
Awful mobile game adds make me want to bring back the crusades
To the person reading this: you’re a gorgeous human being and you shouldn’t let anyone take you down! ❤️
Raid Shad... You: NOOOOOOOO!!!!😱😱😱😱😱😱
Only 1% will actually see this comment, but I wish you all the best in your life. Be always happy and healthy❤️
I Hate them so much capital H for Hate
No one: Absolutely no one: YouTube: let’s give her the notification 5 mins late😏
if u finish the extreme puzzle your legally a pumpkin: 🧡💛💚💙💜 💚💛💜🧡💙
No one: Absolutely no one: YouTube: let’s give her the notification 5 mins late😏
my mom is on level 3000 of candy crush
#teamdogs just saying
I always head bang when the theme song is playing. Idk why but I just love the hard guitar
*Jesus Christ Is Coming Soon*
Its not a theory its true But i appreciate you still saying its just a theory
Wouldn't ads that use other people's games to advertise their own, be considered copyright infringement?
EPIC EPIC EPICCCC GAMEEE STOREEEE
One word.  China.
i was actually just asking myself these kind of questions earlier this year. Thank you for answering the questiins I'm too lazy to google for. Also love all your channels for years now. Keep at it. Stay healthy and have a nice day.
The only mobile add i get is genshin impact
Finally. It's about time.
i love how matpat is saying to be kind to each other and that humanity is horrible to each other because thats so true and i’m to scared to talk to anyone about it
I'd love to create a specific department on the FTC to look for those ads
If i may state at least some mobile games can be good *cough* Idenitiy v is the best*cough*
my boy matpat really calling all them apps out in one video XD
The only good mobile games are PC games ported properly to mobile... examples being: boulders gate series, atom rpg,  kotor, and Rollercoaster tycoon.
This is nothing.Tencent is crazy like you pay to get 120fps and many more also they act like pc  game on china version more esports more fast bug fix and we have to wait years or more to get that ingame feather
Mortal Kombat having a movie.........EPPPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCC!!!!!
Correct me if I'm wrong but at 12:40 Prosecute is generally found today in  legal context as (“to bring legal action against for redress or punishment of a crime or violation of law”). ” If someone is prosecuted they are being tried in a court of law; if they are persecuted they are being targeted and harassed. Loved the video by the way!!! Keep up the amazing work and everything you do!!!
Tell me, Is project awaken on steam?
This video is so true because I am on moible
I was waiting for somebody to make this video. Thank God I came back to Game Theory.
You need to play Cooking Companions: Appetizer Edition and do a theory!!! If you like Doki Doki, you will like this game!!
EPIC
Facebook ads have like dat too. Everytime i see these ads i cover it with my hands because its making me hate my favorite songs.
11:18 is....is that markiplier?
Hi
I would’ve expected the footage stolen from other game companies to result in lawsuits under some sort of copyright claim. Like you can’t use unauthorized footage of our product to promote your product.
Reminds me of an ad I saw that just used sped up modded Skyrim gameplay for a mmo city builder akin to age of empires
Hay, a samsung J3. Still have that phone.
Has anyone seen the rise of kingdoms adds? They are a combination of all the terrible adds into one. Legit makes me wanna smash my phone.
What if millions of people all got together and reported the problem. Then would they care
The ads: That won't stop me because I can't read!
Can u try genshin impact?
Monke
EPIC EPISODE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! !
Game Theory! You should do Book theory or Literature Theory, instead of Fitness Theory.
https://youtu.be/wkECWIWP9Ho
Remember apps like Angry Birds and Cut the Rope, back when apps were made with care and love and not just easy cash grabs? Ah, the good ol’ days.
I figured it out: the thing is that the advertising is a federal law, and so many game companies are from somewhere in asia where the gov don't care
Have a lovley day mat pat :)
Hey everyone, I've been told I'm the next best vlogger. Check out my YouTube channel Keith Agar
Who actuly dislikes  mat's vids like you ar lerning something in a fun way so why ar u disliking it?
People who make unplayable ads: 💩 People who make playable ads: 🤴🏾 People who make fake playable ads: 👺💩
laughting in tryhard mode
I’m surprised he wasn’t sponsored by... RAID SHADOW LEGENDS 🔥.
Mobile game ads:BUILD YOUR OWN EPIC WORLD BY YOURSELF AND BE IN THE EPIC LEADERBOARD,PLAY NOW! Mobile Game Name:Epic World Creator! Mobile games when you play it:jUsT sWiPe ThE fRuItS wItH tHrEe SaMe FrUiTs tO pAsS!1!1!1
Y'all remember when Matpat was making like 70% of Fnafs lore in his videos lol
NGL, I thought that these were real games and not fake ads. I never clicked on any though.
"Greed is the root of all evil" Geoffrey Chaucer
The bad thing is those ads look more interesting than the original game.
Me: mom can we get the ps5   Mom: we got ps5 at home   ps5 at home:11:34
It's clickbait, and no one wanna police It.
They're trying to desensitize the population to violence. So that they can victimize the population with more violence. There was a time in every violent society where people didn't accept state sponsored violence. But then the idea was somehow slowly introduced. That is where we are now.
No No No No No No No No
Make pasta theory where you talk about creepy pastas
You forgot the "can't reach pink color" ads voodoo made with n64 graphics.
1:13 this mans adds are unskipable, I couldn’t do it even if I tried 😭
Dude this video was so epic
Congratulations on your 14M subs!!!
We live in a society that only cares about money thats why no one is doing anything
i just realized why in mobile ads it says 99.9% can't solve it, *cause most of them don't give a f*ck with the puzzle and only the 0.1% were the idiots who are just too dumb to realise*
This video is honestly the most satisfying I have ever seen
Remember when game ads were good? And now they are using the cringe ads to make us prove that the game is so stupid.
Me looking at the hundreds of fake Pokemon mobile games that are just a way to make you spend money to play the game 👀
I thought of something new irl theory
man, if they can break the law, I can just downloaded a cracked version where offers unlimited coins
Mobile ads? What are those?  I'm using vanced
Prove that Sandy the Eevee from the Pokemon anime is dead
The worst part of Garden/Homescapes is that I used to get these through Big Fish on pc, and THERE, they're hidden object games, which I enjoy.  Imagine my horror when I download the mobile version, expecting more of the same, and find that they've been changed to match three, which is boring as hell.
Next theory. Sandy the Eevee from the pokemon anime is dead.
I remember raid shadow legends.
I am a kid- And I got this ad three times It was cleaning things. There was fog on the glass door of a bathroom where there was a lady without clothes behind the door and they were about to clean that part of the door and was going to expose her and it was disgusting I-
they should be with those damned click bait ads lmao
Mat pat are you ever going to go over the lore of terraria? I think it would be neat to see you break down all of the lore re-logic has released over the years  My personal theory is that it is a bridge between universes, mostly because of all of the different reference items that are obtained in surprisingly specific ways
The worst one ive seen was an ad that had red dead 2 poker gameplay and it was a poker game
IF YOU WERE TO DIE TODAY, WOULD YOU GO TO HEAVEN OR HELL??? YOU WILL SPEND ETERNITY IN ONE OF TWO PLACES, IF YOU STOOD BEFORE GOD AND HE ASKED YOU; "WHY SHOULD I LET YOU INTO HEAVEN???? YOUR RESPONSE WOULD BE; "BECAUSE IM A GOOD PERSON." BUT DID YOU KNOW IN ROMANS 3:23 IT SAYS "FOR ALL HAVE SINNED AND FALL SHORT OF THE GLORY OF GOD." SO WE ARE ALL GUILTY BEFORE A HOLY RIGHTEOUS GOD, AND NOTHING YOU DO "GOOD" WILL CONVINCE GOD. IN ISAIAH 64:6 THE BIBLE SAYS OUR GOOD WORKS ARE LIKE FILTHY RAGS BEFORE GOD" SO YOUR NEXT QUESTION IS, "HOW DO I ENTER INTO HEAVEN THEN, IF I CANT SAVE MYSELF? 2,000 YEARS AGO GOD SENT HIS SON JESUS CHRIST TO LIVE A PERFECT AND SINLESS LIFE, HE WAS TEMPTED, YET DID NOT SIN, HE HEALED THE SICK AND EVEN RAISED A MAN WHO WAS DEAD FOR 4 DAYS!!! HE CAST OUT demons AND LIVED HOLY!!! HE MADE THE BLIND SEE, AND THE LAME WALK!!!! JESUS CAME AS THE SUFFERING SERVANT TO DIE FOR THE SINS OF THE WORLD, THE ALMIGHTY POWERFUL INFINITE ONE TRUE GOD CREATOR OF THE UNIVERSE BECAME A HUMAN BEING, HE CLOTHED HIMSELF WITH FLESH AND BLOOD (PHILIPPIANS 2:6-11--1TIMOTHY3:16----JOHN 1:1-14----ISAIAH 9:6) AND THROUGH FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST WE ARE JUSTIFIED FROM SIN, HAVING FAITH IN HIS BLOOD, IN HIS BLOOD IS THE FORGIVENESS OF ALL SINS, BELIEVE AND TRUST IN JESUS CHRIST WITH A SINCERE HEART AND GOD WILL POUR OUT HIS HOLY SPIRIT TO DWELL INSIDE OF YOU!!!! GOD WANTS TO GIVE YOU SOMETHING PRECIOUS, FAR MORE PRECIOUS THAN ANYTHING THIS WORLD CAN OFFER, AND THAT IS ETERNAL LIFE, THE BIBLE SAYS IN ROMANS 10:9 "IF WE CONFESS WITH OUR MOUTH THAT JESUS IS LORD, AND BELIEVE IN OUR HEART THAT GOD RAISED HIM FROM THE DEAD, WE WILL BE SAVED. I ENCOURAGE YOU TODAY TO SEEK GOD, PURSUE A RELATIONSHIP WITH JESUS CHRIST OF THE BIBLE, AND GOD WILL PROMISE YOU WITH ETERNAL LIFE, MAY GOD BLESS ANYONE WHO READS THIS AND GIVE YOU PEACE WHICH SURPASSES ALL UNDERSTANDING, IN JESUS NAME AMEN.♥️♥️♥️
Then you have actual good mobile games, like last day on earth and frostborn that are actually fun and not misleading.
Probably not
Hey MatPat shouldn't you change the can of diet coke since you found a different diet coke that you like?
Evolution is heresy.
I like how there are some ads gives us a chance to show the actual game let us play for a lil while before giving us the chance to take you the app that it want to download  Instead now there's ads that they have to force to click the game only to take you to the app to install the it instead of letting you play the actual thing instead (sometimes)  -->> ONLY MAFIA ADS ARE LEGAL becuase I find it funny
Ad: "99.9% of people can't solve this!" Me: "That's because 99.9% of people won't play your game."
I got an ad that said "step bro I'm stuck in the washing machine"💀
I spent over 15$ on into the dead weapon upgrades 😢
THANK YOU. THANK YOU GOOD SIR
Not only do these apps steal gameplay footage of other games but, they have also, in some instances, stolen footage of YouTubers/streamers, cutting out certain parts of their videos to make it look like they're playing and reacting to the game app. It happens to non famous but still popular YouTubers/streamers. Luckily, fans usually see them and message them to let them know their footage is being used.
You should not be able to see this message, if you can see this message please report to your local cat overlords for reprogramming.
Good concept!!
I don't get why they can't just make the game play like the ads, those actually look sorta fun
Banishes one of my favourites. Once I found a mobile ad for anno 1404 even though it was a ww2 game
I heard that false advertisement is illegal
2 words, false advertising.
They really need to bring down thoose stupid mafia, gardenscape and raid ads gone.
I still never got to shoot the bank to get level 100 mafia boss 😔
FNaF 4 childs bedroom doesn’t Mach the 8bit mine game at the start could this be a different child
Next thing you'll say Frayed Shabby Legumes isn't epic.
Anyone remember that *one* rise of empires ad where the guy started fisting an elephant and got kicked into a different dimension? Yeah that ad was around for like a day, never to be seen again.  Wonder why.
1800 people dislike the truth 😂 ...or, use the thumbs down as a negative reaction to the fact that they have been misled.
I remember those days when PVZ was still well-known    Oh those good ol' days   I miss them
Here is a trick to avoid a video with a lot of ads, skip to the end and restart the video.
Even my childhood games are doing this, I redownloaded kick the buddy and none of my old stuff was saved, I check and see that most of the features that I had were now inapp purchases, the entire screen is filled with ads and they force you to watch an ad after you kill buddy every single time. Pretty scummy tbh, very disappointed that all that nostalgia has gone to waste over some profit.
So THATS what the point of the amazing end card tournament was
Garden scapes puzzles have nothing to do with gardens. But the only puzzle is why they're doing this.
Those ads where people act stupid and make the most stupid decision when the answer is obvious like why tf you gotta use a wrench when your house is burning
Gamemakers watching this: 👁💧👄👁
I want him to make theories on Fighting games, that would be cool (especially if he makes it on 3s)
I once got an ad for a mobile game in which the ad was just gameplay from... Beam.NG Drive
The only mobile game that can get away with "misleading" advertising is Guardian Tales.  Like, goddamn that game is so good.
see this is why i still use safari to watch youtube   that and my phone doesn’t have enough storage for the actual app but i’m ignoring that
Who else got a mobile game ad while watching this video
A game that i definitely didn't expect to look like the adds was dragon raja
The ubiquitous lace postauricularly stuff because detail lately introduce midst a ruddy poppy. plucky, happy journey
I cried because roblox did the same thing.
People ask me why am I shining a flashlight at my smartphone? My response is I am looking for an honest Ad.
We saw that a lot.
I’m watching this on mobile... should I be scared?
7:24 Sunkist the perfect dog :)
Bro I watched this video and now I’m getting those weird ads :(
YEAH WTF HOW NOBODY REGULATES THIS
It’s like if Minecraft made an ad, but showed footage of super Mario bros. I personally would record myself playing the actual game I made, instead of being lazy and doing all the dumb templates with the words and the noob vs pro vs hacker,  or just not showing anything about the game except the logo and PLAY NOW!
For ads where they steal footage from another game, couldn't the game sue them for copyright
I still recall annotations on YouTube videos.
Me : **Sees a Chinese game ad** oooooo looks good I wanna play it. My Brain : Are you sure about that Me : Yes My Brain : ARE YOU SURE Me : Yes My Brain : *ARE YOU SURE IT'S NOT COPIED?* Me : uhh no? My Brain : Skip it
gardenscapes sucks... so annoying 🤧🤧
I hate those ads that are like only 0.1 out of 1000 people can solve this and its just a word puzzle that has like 2 words left or that knight game with the pull the keys and the towers with the trolls I think? and the garden scapes with the "get out alive" or something its downright 0 brain cell
Something about Pam's face always cracks me up 🤣🤣🤣
That was EPIC!!!
I WAS LEGIT WONDERING THIS IN THE CAR YESTERDAY, I WAS COMPLAINING ABOUT HOW THEY DIDNT SHOW US THE ACTUAL GAME
Game ad: Save the Government!  Me: No, I don't think I will.
When you LITERRLY GET AM ADD THAT FALSY ADVERTIZED XD
Do a theory on geomtry dash
I cannot relate anymore to this video
I Realllllllllly hate that doing things like this is legal
I'd like to make an app called "spending all your money simulator".  The goal is to empty your wallet into mine.
indians are chilling with their mobile games rn
“Banished is extremely relaxing” My villagers: all starve to death or freeze to death or die of the plague  Me: uhuh yeah, relaxing 😂 Fr though I love the game and can get addicted to it at times but I wouldn’t call it “relaxing “ I guess once you have the workflow down and you figured out how to keep your people alive it is. But until then? Nah
love the new intro
This is why gaming should stay on PC and consoles not for phones because the app store's been getting away with this for years and it's never going to stop 🥱 by the way love your content on your channel
i saw the thumbnail and thought it was an ad
The 1.8 thousand dislikes are from mobile game companies
How much does mat pat use photoshops
Would love to see your theories on little nightmares
https://youtube.com/channel/UC3P-88ItSbQZOmVKWyFOG-w
6:47 I call that “Voodoo advertising” based of the app dev voodoo
TheOdd1Out is sweating
EVERYTHING IS *EPICCCCCCC*
Awesome video...but this is just capitalism at work tbh. They do it because its profitable, morally bankrupt or not.
i feel like loosing brain cells when watching the dad lose to the mom in a puzzle that a 2Year old could solve
Game theory ready up the theory engines because Binding of Issac has a new game
I'mma head out and delete this account on fake dating site If I found how
its funny how theres a moble game add in this vid
Matthew please sponser me
I want some Friday night funkin theories
👍
Theory: Piglins are Alchemists!? Think of it, They are obsessed with gold, have enchanted armor in bastions, And the music .    Rubedo by Lena Raine:  Rubedo means "redness in latin", that was adopted by alchemists to define the fourth and final major stage in their magnum opus. Both gold and the philosopher's stone were associated with the color red, as rubedo signaled alchemical success, and the end of the great work. This only plays in nether wastes biomes.   Chrysopoeia by Lena Raine: In alchemy, the term chrysopoeia refers to the artificial production of gold, most commonly by the alleged transmutation of base metals such as lead. This only plays in crimson forest biomes.  In conclusion, the piglins may have been a powerful being (maybe not pigs before) and with their knowledge and power they may have turned themselves to pigs (by accident) while trying to make certain nether quarts to gold. They now walk the nether in search of what is theirs. (gold)
Hero rescue actually has the pull the pin logic puzzles with about 4 game modes. Problem is that the game isn't exactly difficult or challenging in the slightest.
shut up matpat
Now I’m wondering if there really is local milfs in my area, or was that a lie
Make these scalping scum “game” devs vanish from life
“EPIC”  *Downloads and sees it’s a candy crush clone*  Me, even though I saw something along the lines of it coming: *dying of laughter*
I would like to see a Friday night funkin theory on the dad and the gf
I think for this video you should should’ve made another account and call it app theorists
MatPat: “No, I could NOT do whatever I wanted, which was to go play a better game”  New Mobile Game You can do whatever you want: P A I N
I’ve seen a ton of ads stealing from YouTubers, Mario games, More Mario games, Pokémon, and more Pokémon.
I got a mobile game ad once that showed Pokkén Tournament gameplay, but it ended up being a bad Pokémon MMO ripoff. And the only thing I thought was: They will probably get in trouble for this, but they deserve it for baiting people that don't know Pokkén into downloading their game
epic
FINALY. someone did a video of these stupid ads!  Thanks.
Props for Scribblenauts characters.
You aren't getting their adds anymore
i saw one of my friends playing this weird mobile game when i looked closer i noticed that the game had stolen assets from Minecraft (it was a rip off of Minecraft)
Not to mention that this sort of "trying to reel in the big spenders" sort of advertising is predatory to people with mental health disorders such as ADHD and can't necessarily stop impulsive behavior; or children, who don't know what they are buying.
I remember clash of clans ad's, they were great back in the day. A few years ago, the mobile games were "EPIC", now they just are dumb.
“A series of mutations stumbling towards what works best.” Ahem... Tou used one word too many. Ask Kyle Hill: evolution finds a solution that works; it may not be the best possible solution, but it gets the job done.  Your population lives in an area where malaria is prevalent? Hey, this person had a mutation that makes their red blood cells fragile; that way the cells break apart before the malaria parasite can settle into them, so they’ve got an edge in survival! Sure, once they move away from malaria country, or develop an effective medical treatment, then these weak “sickle cells” have other issues... but malaria is reduced! Yay!
EPICCCCCCCCCCCC
Ya... no. It's more like money circling. That's the bigger issue.
legit it always seem like false advertising
I cAnT rEaCh PiNk :((((((
YALL EVER LISTEN TO A GAME THEORY INTRO WITH HEADPHONES ON AND REALISE HOW MUCH IT SLAPS?
Atleast the FTC pay attention to actual important things unlike another thing
It’s painful and worse than hell itself
I wouldn’t hate the ads so much if they were interactive, almost all the ads I see are like, “tap to move the ball!” And if you do it takes you to a store page
I don't get why people still fall for them and click the ads if they know it's obviously fake. Would be a miracle if false game ads actually would get punished, too many get away with it and it's just sad. There should be a report button for misleading content at least if there isn't already.
Why does the FTC's emblem look like an unimpressed face?
0:10 Epstick.  Bruh this is my contribution to this comment section. What am I doing with my life
Is No One Gonna Talk About That second video next to the call of duty video at the bottom in 7:15 ?
Film Theory is,... how would you describe it?.., oh yeah EPIC
Matpat: *calling out shitty mobile app ads*  Me: “careful, he’s a hero”
please review the game: it’s not me, it’s my basement.   it’s a small horror game, there’s only one ending but it’s a really good game and well done
6 times and got to almost 4000
The more $$$ people make the dumber and greedier they become.
No that was actually 3 words
Short answer no
Happy 14mill
I remember I got an ad, and they literally took footage from a really good Spider-Man game and just change the skin. And another where they took it from a game called BeamNG drive. (A Steam game)
Mafia City too!
7:05 Hated those bastards  Who could tell I'll miss them so much?
13:34 okay who would you even be saying that too
You should do a theory on Ranboo’s enderwalk
I think your last channel should be theory theory. Like you go over  theorys or stories
⬅️➡️⬅️➡️ beep bop beep bop
Hero Rescue was the only game that managed me to say "Hey let me get that" during that time. Lol so they great
will we have outside theory Best?
IMO the absolute worst ones of these types of misleading ads are the ones that just rip footage from another product and misrepresent that product as their product. That one, the companies or individuals who's Intelecutal Property is being ripped off in that way absolutely should consult with a Lawyer about copyright and/or trademark infringement. Even if the app developers don't have any money to go after, you can still at least get an injunction ordering them to stop using your branded images and footage in their ads. The issue with just letting it go, is if your trademarked or copyright material gets ripped off enough and becomes widely enough distributed and you do nothing to stop any of it, you could lose your IP protection in some jurisdictions, as it becomes assumed to be public domain or something.  Disclaimer I'm not a lawyer but I am in marketing and made sure to be familiar with marketing and IP laws. If your IP is being stolen by these shady app devs, definitely get in touch with a lawyer who can advise you best on what to do in YOUR area and in YOUR situation.
I just want Microsoft to sue people for stealing their game footage :(
7:25 how did the arrows get me
The best solution is mass harassing the developers and companies
Thank you for this, Mat
YAY 14M
Although they are very hard to find there are some amazing mobile games out there.
I cAnT rEaCh pInK
EPIC 🤟🏻🤟🏻🤟🏻
Algorithm.
Are you referring to the "SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT"? I thought we agreed to never speak of it again
I thought the day would never come  But   FINALY  AFTER 2 YEARS   Gametheroy is finely putting a stop to these miss leading ads
But how are they not getting sued for stealing someone else's game footage. How  dare they steal banished footage
I downloaded a game for my sister and the ads are terrible and not for children even though the game is for kids the ads that were the worst were dating apps but the people who used the app in the ad were dating already and saying : my husband will never know... games that were earsing clothes from animated characters and alot of dating games that were very sexual the game is really addicting so some people dont care about the ads bc its so addicting the game is  %20 game %80 ads
i want that logic puzzle game they present in so many of these games so badly it's not even funny
I just go onto the App Store page for the misleading ad and report the game to the App Store. Eventually, someone high up will notice the high volumes of misleading ad reports and take action.
It's just a cash grab games  Whenever I see someone play i cringe so badly I want to die
The beginning is just facts though
App developers: 👁👄👁
LoL I have that phone 0:37
They prob should be illegal
11:36 cures blindness glasses how would you see the ad if you are blind
Dude #4 world wide trending wow
I got one of those recent 3d games with the people and the ad for the game I was playing  own game was in it
I figured out that searching up an ad followed by "STOP SHOWING THIS CRAPPY AD TO ME OR I WILL CONVINCE EVERYONE TO MAKE YOU BANKRUPT" seems to work on not showing you some of these ads lol. (I don't actually know if this works, I've looked it up on a search engine and have never seen an ad like that since. Could be coincidence, also as a side note: I can't bankrupt a whole company XD)
I remember when one of those fake Minecraft ads and one of them show up and it was showing someone's video instead of a fake  play of the game , and i know who's video was it because i had watched that video,
So like most all things, the problem is the government.
this is the same for kids movies, they make them dumb like the emoji movie
That’s how mafia works
This isn't a "Theory" this is FACTS
Rip annotations.    YouTube, PicsArt, etc: Make users suffer
At least when I see these ads on facebook, I can report them as misleading. It really sucks that I can't do something similar to mobile games. If the FCC won't step in, it would be nice if Google/Apple would.
one game hid the not actually gameplay footage rwally well
Trinston was here.
So many games can be related to the beginning because the adds are soooooooo fake
Congrats on 14 million subs
4:17 Hey Mattpat, Imma be honest, I found something else that Dragon Awaken stole, see that "Dragon" now look up Dragon's Dogma... your welcome
All my legos were stolen today 😭 Why do people want to take my childhood away from me?
Ps. The ad that is playing over your video, right now, claims to be AOE and I know it isn't. :)
Yes, just like the bodies in the basment
In the intro I love the little springboi bobble.
Dang i have seen quite a lot of those ads, but never cared to download any of these, even though i do look for kinda good tablet games but only found 2 that are okish Epic 7 and something mobius final fantasy(that at some point came to pc) I am a anti whale anyway as i do not ever pay a single buck on such games just because i can!
1:26 "My fader is the chief of Nevy"
10:53 not obly samsong and android peopel onhe time i was look of sifari on my iphone and i random got a "virus claim" i get them alot so i just move on and ignore it-
a dog? stronger than a cat?  are we in the reverse universe?
Imagine being on here trying to prove or make this action as illegal as possible                    Then getting copyright claimed by the company who made those ads
Please do a bad ad collab with Danny Gonzales!
Did you ladies and gentlemen not cover an identical faux-pas when you covered the _MANY_ transgressions of the Emoji Movie?
Ok I got a idea: we got green for game theory, red for film theory, an yellow for food theory, why not blue for music theory!
Like one or two years ago I used to play Gardenscapes and got to about level 2,500. It was a god awful game but I was pretty good at it. It just isn't interesting so I set it down in April of last year. Those ads are the worst part though and they make me want to take a pitchfork to my arteries and find God to tell him he made a mistake with humanity.
Ad: This is whats in the game! Me: Oh cool. *downloads the game* The game: *litterally a blank screen*
dose dragon city count as a bad game?
Lol I got a mafia ad coming into this
Remember when the Google play store had ACTUAL games?
I remember I saw this mobile ad once and it was using content from freaking BeamNG.drive which is a really well made car game you can get on computer and I'm like excuse me who you tryna fool?
0:17  An experience best described in 1 word: epic epic epic Me: that’s three words
This is edited so well
I'll tldr this video for you all: The FTC does not care; that's why.
1:12 I think everyone has a connection to that guy cuz of his ads
0:09 wtf is happening. 👁️👄👁️
8:20 go back, i want to be MONKE
gay theory
ᴸᴼˢᴱᴿ
Finally something that really matters.
EPIC
HEEYY!!  THATS JUST A THEORY  A GAAAAMEE THEEOORY!
I WAS YOUR 14M SUBSCRIBER NO WAYYYYYY!
Only 1percent can beat this The game how too breath
Warpath killed me
I wish this ads would go away! I keep wanting to find the actual games in some of these ads and some don't exist or I just can't find them *sigh*
I like the yooka-laylee and banjo-kazooie in this video
epic
I used to play the hell out of gardenscapes and homescapes before they started using this kind of add. Now the adds just make me so mad. Lol
I do like the raid ads ONLY cus of the skelington guy is funny
R.I.P   Mario Mario
About the intro the game you are showcasing is it epic?
Mobile games have been walking on the thin line of legality for forever I think everyone knows that who aren't normies
I like how I got one of these type of ads on this video
The REAL question, is it a sin?
Speaking of ad mobile games, there's a lot of sexual mobile game ads and it confuses me and I ask myself why is this allowed on YouTube ads and etc
a lot of mobile games is illegal but not all pg3d soul knight robot war dragon mania such a good games not lying
This content isn't sponsored by "Epic" Raid Shadow Legends
i had this question for a while why dose steve look different from the villager there must have been two types of creators.?
I've seen a YouTubers ad review called BDADS and he sees bad ads and rates them.
The ads shouldn’t be so misleading
I'm starting to think this guy likes the Google Pixel
And this is why you need a computer
I was thinking about downloading one of these games as a relaxing time waster, but held off because I figured the puzzles were actually a lot harder or the solutions were blocked by a pay wall. It wasn’t the scam I thought but I’m glad I was suspicious
I remember the Super Amazing End Card Tournament
FINALLY, a relatable theory that makes sense. Then again, some of these fake ads ironically spawned memes, like Mafia City and the whole "That's how Mafia works" meme.
Me:i so want to play that, looks seriously fun. Game company:we are gonna get so much downloads. Me after:I'm not gonna trust any game
It's pretty cool seeing your phone as the model for the video
I want to mention that one of the adds I get on youtube is a game about a girl literally dancing and the game is called game of lust and no joke it's basically clash of clans
Omg that intro speaks volumes to me and the adds I've seen
The pin pull game got made because they were also hornswoggled by the same ad
Minecraft Isn't Ilegal
I'm so happy I'm not the only one
How to avoid these ads in other games shut off wifi and personal service on your phone and then (if you did this while in the game be sure to refresh’s as it may still bring ads) then open up the game you want to play and BOOM no ads (this only works with games that don’t require online access)
i like the springtrap bobble head in the start of the intro
At least MSM and MSM:DoF isnt misleading.
this video is EPIC
I have been seeing a lot of ads now saying "this isnt actual gameplay" because i live in the uk
*But there is money involved, HUGE amounts of money?*  YouTube Ads is the profiting platform host, by an exchange of the "falsified game owner" paying-for-exposure, YouTube utilizes its powers of "what is the targeted audience" which becomes exposed to the content, thereby the app through enticement collects solicited "personal consumer/account user" information via the later downloading process, thus a transaction has occurred?  Looked at in another way, the scammer "pays/asks" YouTube to identify those susceptible to their influence, creating a third-party (to the scammers) purchased demographic profile of most-likely victims susceptible (within the social media platform) to a collection of solicited information by a downloading-of-app process, whereby the victim is given what is later discovered a falsified digital product as compensation. To YouTube, the nature of the product is itself irrelevant to them, so long as the advertising doesn't go against their guidelines or some other arbitrary evaluation system, whatever a "personal consumer/account user" does or does not download outside of their social media platform is assumed outside of their arbitrary sense of responsibility.  As these "falsified game owners" continue to generate revenue via successfully downloaded in-app purchases, can further pay more to YouTube to generate more potential victims, hence YouTube has no incentive to break the loop, and is well compensated by using our information within YouTube's control, but not selling it. Instead, the account user is tricked into releasing our own information ourselves to the scammers.  The key word is "Phishing Scheme".
Ok, sure sure....but nothing you say can stop me from playing homescapes lol I'm on level 3421 ;-; i like the colours and decorating my homes okayyyy!!!!!
As a British viewer I can claim that in homescapes/Gardenscapes ads the not all images represent actual gameplay is barely visible and it can still definitely make people think that the game is that “simple puzzle game” it promises to be
loved this video, it's been bothering me so much lately. You see things similar on instagram explore pages that are just a post showing 9 different random unrelated memes and then the last slide is an ad that's like "link in bio to download!" I'd love to learn more about how the algorithm defines engagement with things like that.
I wonder who said this first?
Then, you have. THE FUMKEN X ON THEM
Finally. Someone who has more than one brain cell
Theres an ad for a game saying "we say no to pay to win" but there's a store in the game to spend real money.
the worst type of mobile game ads is when they say "watch this ad and get this reward" and you think to yourself, "I cant be bothered, ill give up on the reward" and then they give you an ad anyways, but no reward cos you turned it down... 😐
I have seen a lot of ads that are so sexual and just... BAD idk I think the game was called episode or something it is so sexual like what the heck?
Yeah i remember an app called art legion whicb did just that it showed a cool game promise which wasnt close to the actual game
I've heard the gardenscapes/homescapes ads hot banned
I actually had gardenscapes before they started this bull campaign. I ended up deleting it because it's ads started showing up and I hated the ads
Did you relay think fanf ended, soon security breachech will come out
also the game developer voodoo is the worst now. they used to make fun games but then they realized simple games with more buzzwords were played by like a million 6 year-olds. now they make shitty idle ___ 3d  games all over yt and insta.
Are you figured out five nights at Freddy’s can your next video pleas be on  this
The game ads are so similar to japannese ads, just crazy and not at all about the product, but it works.
I was actually looking for some of the real games Very helpful
Game ads be like: you are legally skilled if you can reach pink colour
Keep being big brain
Come check out the sharky plays Chanel and game theory i love your vids
There is no proof for Macroevolution, so stop believing that it's true.
Love how i got one of these ads just by watchin this video. Thanks youtube
Ad theory It’s a contender...
GOD THANK YOU FOR BEING THE ONE TO MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT IT
They are so bad, so irritating and annoying. And the simply guitars too, not as bad as the gaming ones, but still bad
i emmidietly report these ads the second i see them for misleading content, its disgusting
i know the gardenscapes ads were illegal but then games like that added like 60-second mini-games so they could still technically show them. and the one thing where its like hero wars or something, those games have the puzzles like every other level or somm
For some reason for me every video you make is scary but I still watch it
This is the only non-theory video of his that I have 100% respect for. Thank you Matt Patt.
I wanna play these minigames in the ads, they seem more fun than the actual game... at least for 5 minutes. Can anyone please make a game like this?
I really want computerpunk 2099
Me: *shows my friend a Game Theory episode*  My friend: Dude, this song's awesome Me: its just the beginning :O
Matt: banished is if you want to go out into natures call. Me: can I start wars with my villages? Matt: NO!WHAT?! Me: well.....can I start a plague? Matt:NO! WHO INVITED YOU!?
You know there's actually a mobile game company called good enough games
That dating app one is widespread. And it's still happening today.
EPIC!
0.0001% of people can solve this 😱 1+1=?
The fact that they want money so bad and how they put 1 percent of the effort in the adds and 99 percent of lazyness is just bruh
Been waiting for this one
You know why you clicked this ;)
I feel like game theory’s logo is a bop it Don’t ask why-
Cant wait for god vs kong theory.
Only saw 3 minutes so far in this video and I needed to let this be known. I’m in the 160 range for Gardenscapes, and I have gotten around 6 mini games. Each one was exactly what the ads show. MatPat still has a point though.
actually recently specifically what these "pin pulling" game ads was made illegal
Hey I just wanted to say that I love you so much I know times might be really hard for you right now so just know that I love you God loves you Jesus loves❤️
The real question is   MELISSA *W H Y*  IN GODS NAME DID YOU PLAY THIS GAME        AT ALL  UNTIL LEVEL 965 MELISSA *W H Y*
7:24 Why did you have to throw that in there       *why do people keep shaming cats for being weaker then dogs*
I find it funny that some scam sites have these irl people or bots that have these high quality profile pictures that ask you personal questions like what's your age or where are you from,and when you call them out they rage at you
What about the “cleaning games” where it is a person taking a shower with fogged glass and the scrub around a private part to show it is clear to make people download to do it over a private....
Hero Wars. 2020 people will understand that statement.
Ads for games have more sexualizam than phub
I go to the uk
Film Theory is,... how would you describe it?.., oh yeah *EPIC*
HERE COMES THE PAIN
My mom is level 2918 IN LANGSCAPES AND 1759 IN HOMESCAPES WHAT THE HECK
Also apps with usually minecraft mods steal ppls YouTube short vids also like blue monkey's I won't mentions the games name tho
7:04 *i.....i do.....now THATS something i havent seen in forever*
The worst is when the game ad has a green “play” button and u try testing it and then it just takes you to the App Store...
*cough* raid shadow legends  *cough*
i saw avakin life did someone use avakin life >:(
I mean, the adds I see MOST are  “Vaping can be dangerous! To show how scary that is, we made metal monster. (Whilhiem scream) don’t vape.”  I DONT, YET 90% OF ADS I SEE ARE LIKE THIS.
Banished seems pretty enjoyable! I'm gonna check that out thanks for the reccomendation
Amongus ads
11:17 when you see markiplier as profile you cant click away😂
I’ve been waiting for someone to talk about this for SO LONG. Thank you MatPat, you’re the savior we don’t deserve.
E P I C intro
my parents are at lv 7533 in gardenscapes
When matpat says bat and bird wings are pretty much the same: Bat enthusiasts: ANGERY Bird enthusiasts: ANGERY
Imagine whatching the intro wile blind
Rick and morty reference in the intro?
when the video began, my eyes literally went to where the "skip ad" button should have been, only to realize its the video....
some moblie game ads are copyrighted and they show youtube videos most of the time its mods for mcpe.
I keep seeing ads (not video ads, but ads that always takes the place of the first video in the videos at the side of my screen) that steal thumbnails from popular youtubers, and youtube allows that? And cringy, oversexual ads? As well as misleading ones? YouTube’s logic makes PERFECT sense, yeah.
Honestly Game Theory Should Cover A Game Called ''Zardy's Maze''  It Doesnt Really Have A Lore So It Would Be Cool To See If You Guys Could Solve It
YouTube should at least do something about these ads. Especially when they do things that content creators are being punished for doing.
Bruh I had a mobile game ad while watching this
I would never want to get into a argument with this guy
Please do binding of Isaac there is more lore then before
The intro was so good
Seriously the adds are annoying and misleading and i think they should be solved and now I sound like a boring person
Annotations... Those were the days..
I really hate the adverts I’ve been getting where it’s a character (usually a girl) who has to make a choice whether or not to do something with a man. It looks as if you choose an option to respond to each thing he says.  Which seems fine, but so many of these ads the girl is being harassed by her boss, her doctor, or teacher and she just goes along with it as if she’s in an adult movie.
I saw a click bait add during this and I thought it was part of the video so I watched it until the end and it was harrowing.
bruh just download brave has inbuilt adblock
What I really hate, are those ads with the girl who’s got a date and you have to make her not “ugly” They give them glasses, body hair, dye their hair, give them heavy makeup and that’s apparently so hideous that the men literally run away screaming.  The point seems to be to make them attractive to the man by changing all these completely normal things into some crazy unrealistic and sexist beauty standard.
EPIC
OMG thank you so much about the Android app charges cause it happen with me so many times and I got in trouble withy mom thinking I spent 10 bucks without telling. Thank you now I won't be blamed anymore
My mom is on 3268 on Gardenscapes
dude i agree who wants to sign the petition to remove these adds
I hope everyone who download and play these games gets scam and milked until  his last penny.
The good news: I've never fallen for these. The bad news: I was almost there many times. Thanks for showing me what is really going on.
Epic ur moma
7:06 IS THAT MY BOY DAN CYBER ??:????
while i was watching this i literally got one of those ads
Fun fact: gardenscapes came out years ago and had almost no ads and all the ads were true (which got me to install it) but now it's different
Another add stole footage from YouTubers who played it.
Thank you bring attention to this. There’s a reason mobile games are garbage
NO DONT EXPOSE THEM I NEED TO GET TO LEVEL 99 BOSS ON MAFIA CITY NOOOOOOOO
LOL they used a render of Kazooie from Banjo-Kazooie
Hey matpat 2 years ago you promised to sakurai that you wil give him his own number and they added a lot of New things so maby you can calculate how many  posibole verses matches there are in Super Smash Bros Ultimate. That wil be the best and also the best time to do it is when the last dlc karikter is anounsd.
The Super Amazing End Card Tournament was a sociology test!? You theorize on a throne of lies!
Stick clash is actually like to ad
YOUR 3RD ON TRENDING CONGRATS
these ads are for children who are left unsupervised on tablets and phones they appear on apps they are playing and then download the game because it looks cool. they often use the sentence i can't beat/get "blank" very short simplistic language aimed at young children
I swore I wouldn't watch another game theory video, but here I am, what have I become
The only mobile games ads that actually stay true to the game they're advertising is Genshin Impact and Fate Grand Order                   Ones that i know of anyway
I figured out what the 4th one should be         Law Theory
Wait till you look at the dang Google play store. If you enter car simulator or something along the lines, you'll see way too many fake beaming drive's or fake Forza Horizon 3`s.
"99.9% of people can't solve this puzzle"...  The puzzle: 🔴🟠🟡🟢                      🟥🟧🟩🟨
I got a mobile game ad watching this video
Lmao
finally game theory did an episode on this AND THIS IS EPIC
"I can't reach pink color!"
Level 2 is so hard!!!  Level 2: This level is so ez!
i may or may not have downloaded homescapes a few months ago and i cannot confirm or deny if it was VERY ADDICTING. but yes the ad was super misleading
Facts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Halfway through the video....  I got a mobile game ad...
hi mat Pat can you do a theory of the new binding of issac repentance :)
Game ads : oooh new game let’s copy it  Gullible people:oooh this game looks awesome let’s get it hey this is not what I signed up for
The worst part is that most of the ads of a lot of apps I see are apps I used when I was younger
I’m not stopping it because I did not know this before
Strange video!
I remember a zombie mobile game using Dying Light as its ad footage.
Only one solution, vigilantism.
sorry, but all mobile game are not like this, for example Deemo, it didn't have ad and it's a really good game
don't forget annoying ads that constantly repeat hoping we'll download them... introducing raid shadow legends
That very first part should be a legit game advertisement. But not for another shady mobile game like garden/homescapes or afk arena. I'm talking about PC indie games.
Im watching on mobile with same ads, who els?
2:28
2: 28
2 : 28
you made me spill mah coffee.. great job 😂🤣♥️
easy way to fix it, just spam 1 star reviews, they should be taken down.
Pro tip how to never spend money on any game out there: give yourself task: pull most goods in game without paying. Simple andeffective
But then why google doesnt enforce it?
"loser" rick and morty refrence nice
When you mentioned YT annotations, I got a surge of nostalgia.... I completely forgot about those
I got an ad for the key thing while watching.
Ay yo my g add sora in the intro
I'm 12 and I remember annotations. Things were better before big susan that's for sure
> Touch the timer of the ad > "Don't watch this ad animore" > "Repetitive"  Done.
Who else got one of these ads when he was talking about “see what sticks” on ads
Congrats on #4 on trending
And this is why I stick with sky cotl
Oh no Here we go again  1. Complain about mobile games 2. Create a mobile game
Who ever edited this video likes Scribblenauts
These games always get on my nerves 💀
I remember annotations even a specific button to turn them off and those were the good old days
Just play Brawl Stars instead lol
Glad you made a video about this because I think about it all the time. Annoying to find out that it's not gonna stop though 🙄😭
Could have added something about the movie idiocracy there... just sayin'
Friday night funkin theory anyone
cant wait for theodd1sout to get spammed with this vid XD
Hey game theory I have a favor but can you help decode with 2k21
the existence of ads motivate me to use youtube vanced on mobile and adblockers galore on pc
Jokes on those apps. I just turn off cellular for that app and then turn off wifi. Gets rid of the ads on the apps and I can still do all the stuff on my phone.
epic
This video is *EPIC*
But Mat, if I watch an ad I get x2 MULTIPLIER!!!! The game is basically open world at that point, the possibilities are endless.
Me: I watched this video. YouTube: Let’s show misleading ads.
Don't go after my girl Lily! She has a whole anime plot!
haha my mom is better than Alissa
They are the reason why condom existed
I just wanna say I got a diet coke ad before this- the gods are hinting at something...
Nutaku has to be the most honest for Mobile Game ads NGL...
Yes finally these mobile ads are being addressed
God annotations. I had legit flashbacks XD
Game theory: evolution isn't a designed process Every creationist viewer: o_o
i'm looking at you, garden scapes, you son of a-    and yes, i do remember the days of annotations
I always thought that the FTC logo looks like a face
Yay, I'm in the UK! I got fooled by fishdom
I thought the intro was actually the YouTube ad for a second there
I've played Lily's Garden. The ads are on something while the game isn't too bad. The ads are like making their own weird story off drugs and the channel that runs these ads have said this was entirely different from the game.
E
Theory idea: Boyfriend is a mutant. Game: Friday Night Funkin' Why: His hair is naturally blue, he has a high pitched voice, and he is below the height of an average 19 year old. This may be the result of a genetic mutation (which seems to be rare). Also is the language ("Beepboopish") he speaks a mutation too?
Hypocrite for adding ads on this video. WHEN I CLICKED ON THIS I GOT A OVER USED FAKE MOBILE ADD.
i'm glad someone is finally talking about this
I literally got an ad for a poker game and it was just footage of red dead redemption two
kids downlload these games that are filled with ads  They click on a ad that takes them to the playstore where they download the game and the cycle continues
I made the mistake of downloading homescapes it promised me a fun logic game I only got sadness
How about you make theory Yugioh vs magic
I literally got one of these ads while watching this😂
Who's watching on there phone
MATPAT NUMBER 3 trending WOW good job
why was the add at the begining better than any mobile add ive ever seen
Laughs in yt vanced
Sometimes ads use YouTubers videos
There’s a guy called Greg Renko who has made 9 parts to “if life was like one of those terrible mobile game ads”
This video was EPIC!!!!!!
You should make a video on overwatch... maybe the  lore or something
They’re hiding as fake games... but we all know it’s the end of humanity
Thats why you play pixel gun 3d
42th place in trending !! congrats :)
Hey Matpat can we have a Powerranger theory on film theory PLEASE
intro:  what epic games have created
I remember when mobile ads were better and not some escape the room or catch the cheater ads.
I always forget that there are ads on YouTube until someone shows me a YouTube video on their phone or computer. I've been spoiled by YouTube premium for nearly a decade now.
1:38  mat is looking like scp-096
pro tip: if a game is misleading, delete it. That’s why they keep making these ads, no one deletes shitty apps
Anyone else sick and tired of the "oNlY 99% oF pEoPlE cAn GeT pAsT lEvEl 2" ads?
Tips to avoid wasting your time on false games:  1) if the ad seems too good to be true, IT IS 2) most ads that allow you to test the game in the ad do not actually let you play it, it's just a trick to get you to touch the screen which then takes you to the app store (and if they do let you play the ad, it still won't be the real game) 3) look at the pictures in the app store listing and check for inconsistencies 4) look at reviews, if most of the most recent reviews say "not as advertised" or "tons of ads", then it's not worth your time 5) download at your own risk. if you get to this point and still decide to try it out, be prepared to have your time wasted  Follow these 5 simple tips and you'll save yourself a lot of headaches. I know I did. Happy gaming and good luck hunting for mobile games that are actually worth playing.
Can u make a theory on AREA F2
It would be cool if you had the intro going into a phone
That Rick and Morty référence tho.
13:08 Hold up i know the actual original game in the misleading advertisment its something called larry suite or something and larry is in a pink bed full of fire and you have to try to find the right tools to get him out of there (good game btw)
Did you buy my OnlyFans Yet?
The one I hate the most is the one advertised as Age of Empires when in the fact it's not
the only mobile game that i can play without horrible pain is PvZ 2
1:09 Instead of fire and coins you should have put screenshots from FNaF games.
11:18 Hmmm, this sounds like something another dating app is doing *cough* tinder *cough*
What I'm more interested is this: Say I'm a game developer.  I'm working hard at making a game, then make a video showcasing it, only to find some other company took that video and used it in ads for that game that has nothing to do with me or my work.  Is there any legal action I can take?  Am I able to sue them into oblivion?
What happened with mobile games??! Old mobile games like plants vs zombies, angry birds, cut the rope are pure gold! And now we have.. CLICKBAIT I mean in some games there's almost no ads but some of them have that much ads that there's almost no game!
new intro congrats
I... I genuinely thought that that was an ad😩
Gchfgg you y I yu u r Ed p      I typed this with a bottle of hand sanitizer
Matpat getting us to click links since the beginning of YouTube
Yes the UK actually took action let's hope others do too
That’s not a theory it’s true lol your vids are amazing you deserve YouTube pay unlike other channels love you :)
2010 game ads were the best ngl
FINALLY SOMEONE IS TALKING ABOUT IT ive been waiting
What's up with all the google pixel's? I mean I have a pixel and there great phones, but still.
This is really not new to me and it's part of the reason why I do not, and never will play game on my phone or tablet. I get most of the false ads on Facebook, and the ad blocker I use hast caught up yet. If you have any suggestions I'd be happy to try them.
guys I know you're mad, it's just how capitalism works. If it's profitable to make trash games they'll never stop.
It's 2021 and people still don't know that mobile games aren't games but money transferring tools
Speaking of ads I got ads by watching 😄  I am luckyyy
Mobile game adds in one word:A S S H O L E
Man, Mobile games always felt cheap to me, just an excuse to force you to buy money, I've already made a pact saying that I WILL NOT buy anything in games, and yet I think these Misleading Miscreants should be regulated, if only the FTC gets on that...
ugh, mobile games are a cancer to the industry. 'How can we make a minimal viable product that has enough hooks to get people addicted and then set up pay-walls and gambling to legally steal people's money'. I've often wondered about their shady ad process, thanks for doing this video!
I have downloaded mobile games literally to spite the ads saying how difficult they were
I play roblox it's made for all ages
people be like: OOOOOHHHHH TWWWWOOOOO ARRRRRROOOOWWWW MMMMEEEEE CLLIICCKKKKKK
"why doesnt anyone do something against that" ..... well ... I will leave you with the name "Malternativ" in combination with "Coin master". Grüße aus'm Norden
It’s always “Me VS My Mom”
While watching this i literally got a "LiLy's gARdEn" ad💔
I  downloaded it one time and after that I nevvvvveeerrrrr trusted it after that
Matpat plz make video on genshin impact I want a theory from you ❤️
To be fair, The creators of Lily's garden claim the ads have nothing to do with the actual game
Game Theory: Running your childhood since 2011 Me born in 2011: Wait... Are you my step dad?
I once saw a mobile game with dream as the icon. I don't recall what it's called sadly.. something with monster. I think
*EPIIIIIC*
So were is the theory
This should be talked about more, it's not just because of how misleading those ads are, but some ads also contain inappropriate content for younger viewers.
That was 3 words...
I kind of have to force myself to avoid micro transaction-heavy mobile games because I do get competitive and feel bad if I don’t pull my weight in a guild.
Ah mobile game ads, the bane of my YouTube existence
I am kinda curious about Maxis purple eyes from Call of Duty Cold War and why that is, is it possible if you guys can explain that somehow.
I just discovered how you can report an ad on YT!  First, you will want to copy the ad's link address. On mobile, you can do this by tapping the 3 dots and choosing share. You'll find an option to copy/paste the address there. (Unless it's a video ad.)  On mobile, you should find 3 dots that give the "why this ad" prompt. Tap the prompt to see an option to report the ad. (A video ad will show a drop down menu over the comments. In the top left there's a question mark. Tap that, tap "why this ad," tap report. It auto-fills the ad URL.)  On desktop, apparently, you need to right-click the ad and do the same.  One of the options to report the ad is if they have multiple ads creating an unfair advantage. I don't know if you need to link each ad or just the one when reporting it...  (Edit: learned more about reporting video ads on the mobile app.)
I’m so tired of the repetitive ads. There needs to be like a tracker that if you’ve seen the same ad 6 times than it won’t be shown to you anymore.  I mean it isn’t like they don’t do targeted ads so I know damn well they can track what you watch/have seen.
when all you play is minecraft  and roblox on mobile like I do the video is kinda worthless but it is still a very good one in genral
i would say we should start to tell the companies directly that you give bad reviews because of their ads or even to not do ANY business because of those ads so we can change stuff as a collective
And this ladies and gentlemen is why I have YT Vanced and an Ad blocker by default
Matt Pat I literally got one ad during your video and it was four homescapes :-)
@The Game Theorists I lost it at 12:00 LOLS!
in the first times there was quality original games like sub surfers angry bird etc. now anyone that has pc trys to make games
Ive never installed öne of that games
Your channel is on Turkish tho ?
JFJTkg
No MatPat I actually haven't seen ads on YouTube outside of watching on my ps4 because I use ublock origin on my pc and YouTube vanced on my phone. I use sponsorblock for both.
Another lame ad for those who forgot:  My dad: Sucks at game    -     My mom: Aces the game   The game: *Fidget spinner simulator*
Wait was that a new intro. Mat pat I saw 2 yellow one green and one red one is the ring of Death for your xbox one is food theory and I guess one is film theory but film theory is red not green like what was shown. Also he has a photo frame with a blue popsocket on top and his red jacket. Don't know what It means just pointing it out  TLDR I think hes making another channel and im on to you Matpat
Ah yes, what I call Con-mercials.
this video is sponsored by raid: shadow legends
Finally, A theory I care about
ive seen this add that has stolen the gaming beavers feed and grow fish gameplay footage i even know the episode the add used, its the episode that beaves played xiphactinus.
Om but remember when mobile game ads used to let you play a preview to invest you downloading like rolling skys
Epic
you didnt even mention the ads that looks like its a demo and when  you click on your screen its a link to the app store
I Mean, I Play Crash On The Run, And It Isnt Doing Thing Illegal
Hero Wars is a great game.  I've had hours of fun playing it.  It's not false advertising because the logic puzzles the logic puzzles are a side game you play in between the normal campaign.
Hopefully he doesn’t pull an odd1sout and makes a game theory mobile game after this
Thanks for the video
Buyer beware. Remember those words.
damn that intro
I can't reach pink color
🔵🟣🔴🟠🟡🟢 🟦🟪🟥🟧🟨🟩   SaTiSfYiNg
Solution: throw all marketers into a volcano.
Not really for me, I only buy from the App Store if it’s previously on Xbox or PlayStation like Grand Theft Auto, Max Payne, Bully, etc.
I bet matpat can’t even reach pink color.
Cats are actually stronger than dogs.
Lol one time I got an ad for a minecraft skin app, and it was just steve in a flat world building. They literally just stole footage from minecraft for a skins app-
This is why aliens don't invade Earth, because our technology is too advanced for them and us to comprehend.
Well congrats on top 3 on trending
Why have I actually be waiting for this type of video
My friend: How are you so fit Me: Whenever I see this fake mobile game ads I do 1 pushup My friend: Jesus Christ
I use my laptop for games so I don't come across those kinds of ads very often. When I do, I just wait the 5 seconds so I can skip the ad entirely. I also do research on games too so I know what I like & what I don't. I rarely pay for anything in games either which is stupid since it's just a game and you can use that money for clothes, groceries, gas, other stuff. When you're broke, you have to budget a lot & spending money on games isn't on the list for me at all. I also think it's really stupid that these companies can false advertise & get away with doing that. They must think we're really stupid or something or want immediate gratification which they're not wrong on that part, most people do but I've learned to wait & be patient about things (growing up with 4 older siblings will do that to you) to see if the thing I wanted is really what I wanted or if I just wanted it because of the colors, the design, the price.
Rise of kingdoms anyone?
Playrix are definitely the worst for these ads. I constantly get those ads for gardenscapes or homescapes and they're nothing like the game at all as Matpat clarified. maybe some justice can be brought to those who have fallen to these no-good ads.
Hey!!!!!do splatoon1&2 it's lore is great but confusing??? which makes it so good!!!!!
Hello Fgo
Fun fact: Those games made by the VOODOO company, have no actual players. I've gotten in a game while online, with someone named "Heart pie" in first, and someone named "Driller" in second. After I die, I turn off my wifi and play again. Those same players are still on the leaderboard, only now "Driller is just in third"  TLDR: The games made by "voodoo" just have fake players.
The shocking trick sequentially match because salesman surgically wrestle beside a vivacious lotion. woebegone, mixed black
these games are made like in 5 minutes
Didn't this nonsense blow out of proportion since mafia city? Either way how the heck do these ads pull 10 mil downloads and up? God i hate mobile games half the games on the playstore are Chinese knockoffs reusing assets to gut gullible people into their pay 2 win scams.
MatPat, you forgot one ad to talk about....”Rise of Kingdoms” and promise me, it will make you need a part 2 to this.
pov: you just installed a bad mobile game with a godly advertisement.
Finally dude I agree with you!
The weirdest YouTube video ever
The worst is when they give you those fake trials which u think are legit and actually continously direct u to play store
Ads are boring
I’m just trying to play burrito bison man. 😔
The worst part is, they’re boring. Very boring. You’d be playing a game about pushing tiny colored people into holes and at the end the people would spread out on a numbered floor and then depending on how many people you got, you would get crystals to get in game skins like hamburger, yellow, thief, and more that just look bad. There would be a 30 second advertisement at the end of every level and you would play 2 levels and it would keep repeating the levels. It would go on for hundreds, maybe even thousands of levels just replaying the same levels. It’s soooo boring
Ya know whats ironic? Getting a mobile ad game while watching
I miss the old adds :(
its legal because it is just a game its not the reality thats it good bye
Oh no I don’t see the letter “A” anywhere!
I got a ad on A MOBILE poker game and it used a clip from RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2 A CONSOLE AND PC GAME FOR A MOBILE GAME they took a clip of Arthur playing poker
ppl who disliked: yEhH aM rEigHT tEhyI tOtLyI sAiD iT rEalalael
7:06 man i  remember that and i kinda miss it
but my famely plays moble game like harry potter roblox on phone computer end mincraft end other but are der relly ilegal i wach harry potter  as a 9 yers old kid btw who lovs pokemon but are dose game ilegal? tell me Game  Thory
I hate the mobile scam games
Remember when mobile games were actually good
I saw a game ad with footage of feed and grow fish
“I CANT REACH PINK COLOR 😭🧡😭”  The game: *Touch 2 buttons now*
Me : * sees the title * Also me : “Well then put me behind bars cause I’m a criminal”
I'm feeling kinda sleepy now
When you get a gardenscapes add on this video...
Maybe it's because others are doing it too, though I have absolutely no idea how it started. Everytime they set one up its kind of like a risk, they can follow the meta and have profits from some person who just enjoys these types of games. Or they could do something different at the risk of failing and wasting their time but also having a chance to succeed.               And everything I mentioned before can be completely invalidated if they just do it for a meme.            ( or it could be possible that they were doing this as a real strategy, by making a bad and cringe ad that is shown a lot, making it become mentioned by people all over cause those videos were successful. Then making it more known to people, as it was mentioned in the recording. Making some people download it to see for themselves and post about it, heck some might even like and become dedicated to the game cause they got bored of the repetition of clicker rpg 3 and they would just naturally rate this higher than it normally would.
Evolution is definitely designed, but great video MatPat! I hope we find a solution to these ads.
most people in states have to pay for internet data. so we are at a lost. go get them FTC
Well waht about the 18+ ads that are targeted to young viewers?
hhhmmm good qwestion
J
I imagine matpat running into their offices yelling fake
The attractive black industrially charge because persian critically license amid a uppity event. different, picayune oatmeal
I literally hate games like this I only play PAC MAN and snake from play games Google except that I play cod m! Btw check cod m out (call of duty mobile) I HATE HATE these games ;(
The intro is so accurate
Me watching this in 1:00 Am:hmmmmmmm
MATPAT DO MORE DESTINY VIDS WE NEED YOUR POWERS OF LORE TO GIVE US A CLEAR STORY TO THE GAME FRANCHISE ! PLZ
Thank you you have now given me a great idea to sue them and use this vid as reference 👌🏾😁
now this is the good kind of game theory videos  entertaining, informative, and most importantly, genuine, real, and important (to an extent)
Every time I see these ads, I think to myself, “ Who is dumb enough to think that these mobile ads are what they say they are and download them!?!?”
Download the app then immediately turn on airplane mode
I really hope they are looking at their condition :\
I hate seeing a puzzle  Game and then instead it’s a candy crush rip off
Mobile ads are just a huge rick roll
I once was trying to get 7500 premium currency in a month and I saw an ad for a game stolen and used frame-for-frame for another game. Both were pull the pin ads. Neither are pull the pin games. Heroes Charge, the oversexual character art, I can deal with, but not this. You've really fallen from grace since when I watched you.
lilly's garden is nothing like the game- but the ads could be turned into a NETFLIX movie
Pretty sure that beginning bit was a commercial I've seen on Tumblr before
I actually reported a game on fb once they just said it didn't violate the guidelines and I was wrong...
Experience an Epic world, where everything is epic! See that town over there? EPIC! See that dragon? EPIC! The combat? EPIC! That stick? EPIC! EPIC! EPIC!  me: OK I GET IT!!!!😠
you are rude saying dogs are better than cats they are equal
What was that one ad yeah iq option that's a scam ban them    I JuSt GoT a Million dOlLaRs TrAdInG oNLiNe  And that puppy town  SwIpE pUpPiEs FoR mOnEy
Lol I got one of those stupid ads on THIS VIDEO
I just saw a comment where someone called gardenscape hellscape and I can’t 😂😂
Prosecute, not persecute
MatPat after saying Pokemon Go is related to WW2: *big brain*
The fragile story analytically drag because dugout spectacularly deceive modulo a phobic radish. needy, pushy accordion
I keep falling for the games where the ad does something simple wrong and I get it just to prove how easy it is because it annoys me that they are doing it wrong.
I miss the old intro
youtube really getting bold with these triple unskippable 15 sec ads
Whats amazing is I didnt get a single ad during this. Its like theyre scared of you calling them out lmao
Everybody gangster until, "it's only a game theory". 🤣
OMG NO I FORGOT ABOUT THOSE ANNOTATIONS
2019-present cringe mobile ad days (When ads were made)-2017 the good ol days There is still acutal good advertisers keep that up (ads like doomsday clicker clash of clans and other games that mock fake ads)
I remember In the old days when we had good games like : geo dash and fruit ninja and shatter how times have changed :(
8:40 yep all mobile games like this hook whale players like a fish
13:20  Pack your things were leaving
matpat read my mind this is the very thing that had been bothering me for weeks now, and now I know. thank u matpat
The games better on mobile than pc, that's multi finger games
dudes making false advertising so complex
2:46 only 965? My mom is like on 6400
Dude gardenscapes is great
hey editor i also have a personal connection to soap jesus.
I wasn't really concentrating to the audio so when the arrows came on screen, I just scrolled down to the description XD
Mat I cannot believe you compared bat and bird flight you dug your own grave.
While watching this video I got a Lily's garden ad
Can we change "power player" to "too stupid, too rich"?
Game theory won’t like this comment
there was a mobile game ad that was a crappy drifting game with really terrible graphics and it took footage from the game for us or horizon 4 which I'm actually playing while I'm watching this video it's an amazing graphic game where you can drift race explore and buy new cars and play with friends and even find abandoned cars and refix them and upgrade your cars and trust me it is not for mobile it is for Xbox and PC and it was obvious that they stole it for people who played Forza
I actually love the prospect of the actual game like the pull the pin ads as they look fun as solving puzzles is my thing but it ticks me off that they are just rip offs and money grabs and I wish there was an actual pull the pin game that actually exists that is not a dang scam.
Only 0.000001% can solve this puzzle  The puzzle:↙️⬅️⬅️↖️                      ↘️➡️➡️↗️
I remember the first time I saw the Homescapes ad. I got the game and then was very angry that it was all a lie. I deleted immediately
i recently took a machine learning course and im both intrigued and frightened by how easily i could see heavily A/B tested ads like what you described being created, tested, and refined with hardly any human intervention with something like a genetic algorithm. in fact id be extremely surprised if someone isnt out there doing that right now.
I like ads that show a simple puzzle and claim that if I can solve it, I have an IQ that far exceeds the Intelligence Quotient scale.  Also, games that claim that if you can solve some stupid puzzle, you are legally skilled. "If you can pass The Bar, you are legally skilled" Now we just have to see if we can get someone to play one of these misleading games to the point where it is detrimental to their health so that they can make an FTC claim.
I got one of these adds while watching this lol
Just install an adblocker lol or a mobileversion of yt that can block ads for you lol
#Elisaistrash
I feel like the story driven ads like game of sultans, episodes, and others like that really stand out to me. Those can get pretty click baiting, weird and kinda problematic.
Really Good Theory!
The poor people who could never reach pink color.
i hate it when mat says "its just a theory" when it sounds 100% true
The thing I hate most is when I see an add soo much so I just download it because I’m bored of seeing it but then you *keep* getting that add! Even after you already have that game.
And the person who controls the puzzle in the ad PURPOSELY chooses the wrong thing
Green: Game theory Red: Film theory Yellow: Food theory Blue: Vehicle theory
Even fnaf ads are better  *get it cause they dont exist*
intros over a minute long do not endear new viewers to your channel.
The best part?  I got a "pull the key" minigame ad in the middle of this video.    Thumbs up to YouTube for supporting creators lol
I love how I didn’t get those adds before, after or during this video
My biggest concern with this is that an official FTC document actually used the term “affecting...their pocketbooks”. Just me?
I, too, feel I have a personal connection to the soap guy
mobile ad r the worst the stupid
Oh man when is silksong coming out?
I got one of the adds whilst watching this
When I saw gardenscapes it is very stupid game  but it is the friggin most downloaded game in play store I am sure that100.%childrens they don't know what legend of zelda's is
Why do I feel like this is actually an ad for Google pixel???
oh look MBA ruining everything again
The game in the thumbnail is literally all mobile games these days in a nutshell.
7:06 yeah i remember that and i don't feel old for it
That's why always make sure to watch a gameplay footage of the game before downloading it
As loki once said "your savior is here"
Haha good jojo reference
I have faced this problem tooo
I was wondering if those fake ads we're going to get hit for false advertising it
I played Gardenscapes before it was an ad! To be honest I probably funded at least one of those ads
Here's my theory.. " tHaTs hOw mAfIA wOrks!"
I was so annoyed by those ads that I had to go to my account settings and mark that I wasn’t interested in video games.
7:05 I REMEMBER THOSE
I am probably a power gamer as well
Gotta love how I got an those ads before this video
I just got an ad that about a VPN and they used video game play and they didn’t said nothing about the actual VPN
I'm glad genshin impact ads aren't like this XD
cats are better
Not #1 on trending? Cringe
That throwback to the old font and the old editing style was really nice. I appreciated that a lot.
At least we still have clash of clans
finally someone is calling out gardenscape
hmm...
i hate getting those ads especially since most of them are inappropriate
It does effect my health, i lose 1000s of brain cells just be watching it
dude when is the theory about who is [REDACTED] from trivia murder party 1 and 2???? YOU PLAYED IT ON GTLIVE!!!!! AaAAAAaAA :/
can you make a fnaf vedio of blaclbird
I hate it when the game it's not like in the add!
When at 6 minutes, you are still wanting to know if this whole thing is actually legal or not...
Is avakin life illegal ?
In the UK its the exact same still.
So your telling me dragons thats shoot lasers from their back isnt in King of Avalon?
What if you're playing on a game that forces you to pay money and if you don't it will sort of infect your mobile app
99.9999999999999969 can’t solve this!  The game: What is the first letter in the alphabet  What is 0+0=? Can you type Q? Who is the man?: 🧑🏼‍🦱👩🏽‍🦱🧑🏻‍🦰👨🏻‍🦰 What does tree makes?: air, WiFi, games
I swear the people who made mobile game ads are slower than me when I’m trying to figure out why mobile games exists
So in other words: Not illegal, but very very scummy. Kind of similar to your video when Burger King "advertised" on twitch streams.
Super Amazing End Card Tournament!!!
Haven’t watched the vid yet but I am very excited! I’ve been saying these ads should be illegal for years and I’m glad I’m not the only one screaming into the aether
"Long enough to get to level 965." I ... okay, that's a dedication to mobile games
Finally somebody says something about this ool
Me: Watches a video about fake and "illegal" ads   Raid Shadow Legends: "Ladies and gentlemen, we got'em"
State of Survivals first few ads over the last several months took the Left 4 Dead Boomer as one of the zombie models, i even took screenshots during some parts of those ads. i noticed since then i havent seen those ads as much, hopefully Valve smacked sense into then
⬇️⬇️
I still get the adds for the stupid Game of Thrones mobile game! XD
Not gonna lie my wife's past lvl 3000 on gardenscapes
A couple things:  The first time I noticed this, was either one of those zombie survival mobile games that was using footage from Fallout Shelter, or some other game (can't remember which) that used unedited footage from Age of Empires 2.   The other thing I've noticed is the solve-the-puzzle ads fall into either 2 categories. 1) The "player" makes really dumb choices and loses, making the viewer want to "do better"; or 2) The shown puzzle is literally impossible if you pause the ad and look at it for more than 2 seconds.
I’ve been thinking about this a lot lately. What we need is a class-action lawsuit against the ad agencies that are serving these blatantly falsified ads.
It's literally funny that they put more effort in the ads and not the game.
To sum the mobile game economy up.  1)Moron (mostly from india or asia) does cheap shitty (mostly copied) mobile game 2)He adds ingame advertisement (which he gets paid for!!!) and a lot of options for small transactions) small 3)He buys an advertisement volume from youtube for cheap! 4)He pays youtube with the money he got from ingame adds and micro transactions (from dump people) 5)The vicious circle continues
Its hilarious how I got an ad like these while watching this video
how about copyright ? since they steal footage from other games
I like how matt was nice enough to give the game makers suits
who’s here in 2023 me xo
I still think the ads are slow and annoying
Yeah i miss the old day mobile game ads, just pure gameplay and actually a good game
His videos always brings a smile to my face
Thats how mafia works
Eastern eggs?
I like how Mr. MatPat takes action to stuff that seem unimportant but actually are it really make me feel happy since he creates his own power for justice.
Make a fnf theorh plz
Thanks for adressing this
I hate those adds
Now let’s not forget the *legally skilled* ads  Skilled in *what* ? The ability to do... stuff?
Matt i am turning 18 almost and you manage to make me feel old, like i am 50      Damm it
*That's how mafia works.*
These ads are so dumb I could recreate most of the games I could recreate out of cardboard or in minecraft,(and I'm glad that it could be possibly illegal)
The opening...so true.
13:00 pig in boots
this video in short: Its false advertising!!!
I have learn HOW BABIES ARE MADE BY THESE ADS
Thats why i play brawl stars
EVERY SINGLE TIME I SEE A AD I WILL SCREAM AND SHOUT AT THAT AD AND BLACKMAI-
Is it epic or gardenscapes
I got a game add while watching this. I think someone’s watching me
"99 cant beat this" The level  🙂🙂🙂🙂❤🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
7:06 I'm like 26. I used annotations on my videos all the time.
if you read this god bless you✨♥️
league of legends??  the cinematic trailers are wow but the game ugh blech
Raid Shadow Legends, Epic Seven, AFK Arena, and Rise of Kingdoms all recapped in this intro.    Meanwhile, I’m enjoying DragonVale, Pokémon GO, and Red Shadow Maggots.
Just give them 0 stars on Google. Hopefully this will teach them a lesson.
I got one if the ads while watching this
it's as illegal as the main support headquater of Microsoft support in Kalkutta (India) 😂
Please start playing Danganronpa
I hate adds that are not even promoting the real content of their games, but instead just use the weirdest things ever. And sadly there are a lot of annoying adds like that.
Do some thing on Roblox
2:43 My mum who is level 3267: pathetic
Old mobile games:  Angry birds: a simple fun game that you can lunch birds  Jetpack joyride: jetpack goes brrrrr  Ninja fruit correct me if im wrong pls : cut the fruit by using ninja swings   Subway: a running from the cop game (its fun) New mobile games: 🟣🟨 🟦🟡 🟪🔵 0<-< >:] $$$$$
I guess that's just how mafia works
Bro back in the old days mobile games were not misleading and fun and now they’re just garbage
do a video on the neverhood please
does he hold his phone with the selfie camera on the right?
I watched more ads in this video than in any other video. Have fun with your ad revenue,Mat.
Bruh I got one right before this video
I have wondered this question for a while! My mum got Gardenscapes because of the adverts and wondered if it was legal! Thanks for answering MatPat! Lmao, just heard about it getting banned in the UK (as a person in the UK) At least we've done something to try and stop it-
ADBLOCKER MASTERRACE
What about emulators and ports pf good games?
When I bought the premium I thought I'd never have to see another one of these lol
I'm from the UK, the home/gardenscapes look near identical now other than a small disclaimer that says "*contains other gamemodes" that's it.
This is a EPIC video Mat
Seems like someone should be able to sue the app stores that seems to promote it due to it making them more money as the same.
No one: Matpat: “Download the epic app”
I do have an argument against the statement about these games for the "whales." Essentially if a person has an addiction for this type of behavior; wouldn't that be a cause against someone's emotional health. Therefore these misleading ads should be banned. I will admit I have fallen into the same trap but that still doesn't make it right for it to go on. That's my two cents on the matter.
that intro lol HAH HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT MOBILE GAMERS
99.999999999% People can't do this puzzle  The puzzle: 1 × 0
where is the "epic" hashtag
If you want a game that is actually good on mobile don't starve is my go to it has most of the same updates pc has but I wouldn't expect klei to update it anymore though
If you download these games unironocally then your a rube
Day 1 of waiting for a fnf threory
The only mobile game I've seen that doesn't falsely advertise itself is "My singing monsters" Great game for those who enjoy looping music and funney creatures.
Ah yes, clickbait at its finest.
The mom: level 100 The dad: level 10
The ads im getting sick of are the unskippable army ads with the "cool youngster" music thrown over it.
THIS REMINDS ME i kept getting ads for final fantasy XV 15 i think, and every time it was the same enemies coming towards your wall and you have to make farms to generate gold then make  defense towers with that gold and place more towers... and uuhh. that was it. final fantasy 15 on mobile everybody
=)
Every time I see these ads it makes me wish I had more than 2 eyes to gouge out
Be thankful that you get to watch this video now because YouTube will probably ban this video in the futer
You see, this is why I loved the old games like angry birds, the time before all these stupid dum dum ads...
They are even stealing fottage from youtube
what about copyright infringement
Mat, don’t you work with dan from that cybert channel?
I appreciate the overuse of epic.
THANK YOU
Don,t foquetat youtb do
This video was sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends the best Mobile game...
Fun fact:i got an ad in a video that is about ads that are bad(all of them are bad)
my stephmom is on level 3000 or somthing or maybe even 4000
EPIC GAMER MOMENT
I’m a cartoon
Anotations were the bomb.
epic
imagine not having adblocker lmao
Epic
Me: misses the x on the ad by 0.00000000000000000001 inches The ad: to the App Store
Fortnite lore plz
Markiplier LMAOOOO HAHAHAHA
Remember when mobile games and ads were good
I wanna see book theory!
waiting for someone to make a game trailer that looks like it was a movie trailer and the actual game is just a 8 year olds flipnote animation
I got my dad into homescapps and he got to the top of the leaderboad... in like a week
ad: "MY MOM" *picture of pokimane* "MY DAD" *picture of ninja*
they censored YouTubers but not ads what has youtube come to?
99.99% HUMANS CANT SOLVE THIS! CAN YOU?        🚶‍♂️      🔒 ⬛️⬛️       ⬛️ 🟧🟧🟧🟧
more shitty ads
So what the video basically boils down to is "If the problem isn't big enough or consequential enough for the big guys FTC to care, then nobody needs to care and the scam ads can keep on flourishing."  Lovely.
99.99% people can't do this puzzle *The puzzle:1*
I literally bought youtube premium because of afk arena
I miss the old clash of clans ad 😩
Thanks for this!
The closest thing you'll get to the ad... is other in-game ads.
Here's how to make ads that actually make players want to play: the black desert mobile ads from December 2019. It shown actual gameplay. I played the game for a few months and it was actually ok. It's pay to win but it's not the worst game out there. It was kinda fun tbh. Moral of the story: make good ads and people will play your game
Just as I was watching this video I got one of those stupid key ads
Guys we did IT. We got a game theory - that cybert channel crossover.
At exactly the 1:00 mark there is a combination of sans and Monika Do with that info what you wish
999999 %%%% it not but I am a fan so
Epic.
Today, we have many smartphones which have the same POWER as GAMING PCs  But we have crappy mobile games which don't take advantage of the whole device.  Every day I lose hope in Humanity.
This is a question I've had forever
For me, it’s all the ads about losing weight by drinking a mythic potion that melts away fat in your sleep. Not only are these adds unwanted, but they also target females, contribute to eating disorders, self esteem issues and body dysmorphia. These adds are dangerous. You can’t click out of them, there are no trigger warnings and they can pop out of nowhere. Imagine if someone with an eating disorder is trying to distract themselves when this randomly pops up and tells them that they should be burning fat in their sleep. Imagine the damage. How is that legal
I got a game ad
Matpat is 🌛EPIC🌛
Mobile gaming is not gaming. You can't change my mind on this, I don't care if I'm gatekeeping.
I saw one of those games ads before this video started
OMG I literally got one of those ads whilst watching this
0:08 Press F to pay respects to cat
Yes this actually appears in my device
if the games uses false advertisement i tell them and give theme one star in the rating.
when are you gonna do a genshin impact thoary
1:00 monika is sans, huh
Well on facebook in my country atleast we get mad amounts of ripped of pc games (mostly paradox ones) and it has broken grammar and obviously translated ad from chinese to our language
Mobile games before: fun and good quality Mobile games now: DIP $H1T AND F5¢K UP
Raaaaid shadows legends ! Is the best Rpg of our time .....
...i thought everyone knew this
BECAUSE NO ONE READS..... THAT'S HOW     :   (  This guy is asking are mobile games illegal....     :   (  here are better questions this man should be asking.....   (1)  Is there any empirical evidence for the theory of evolution ? (2)   Is federal income tax legal ? (3)   Is the federal reserve a federal or a reserve? (4)   Did the colonies win a war of independence ? (5)   Is our birth certificates being traded on the NYSE?  and why do we have birth certificates ?
Dads in mobile ads : 👶🏿🤪🤤  My dad when he play Street Fighter with me : Professional mode activated
ah yes, i too like using my mouse on mobile games
I fear no man but that thing... *unskipable mobile ads* It scares me.
Side note: I LITTERALLY got one of these ads while watching this video 😑
someone stole footage from this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTZ-GZPTND8 then just put a clip and called their game *new among us* or something like that and it was trash.
8:57 reply-all!!
What's worse is that most of the time the ads weren't even that good.  And also they put fake X's
Honestly that mobile add was better than half the games I’ve ever seen
What about the Wish! App Lol.
P2W games that also have ads like these are one of the worst things, also is there much of a difference about gardenscapes and homescapes?
Can’t find epic on my app store 😔
Am I the only person who wants to get a game less the more I’m shown the ad forcefully.
ngl, would play an epic game theory open world game on the go.
thank you for covering this topic
EPIC!!
YouTube are making a ton of money from these ads... such a shame
Just think about it like this: if it's bad, it's  an ad!
*The Game Theorists* : Are mobile games illegal ?   *Indian Government* : Yes !
I love banished!
Hunh？
I once saw an add for a home building  game but the game in the add was clearly Minecraft
He would be so ballsy if at the end he was like: ‘And so, with that.........THIS VIDEO IS SPONSORED BY RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS
Annotations were always supper annoying, and it took months for me to ralize that i could turn them off, then again, i was like 9 or 10.
They spent more money on ads during the election than ending hunger in America 🇺🇸
That’s why the best mobile game is PUBG
I like pancakes
nice video mat maybe it's just the topic but i found it really fun to watch
For anybody who likes Banished or don't know it... BANISHED IS AN AWESOME GAME. <3
What it hurt the most is the fact that this also cause mobile game companies with legit advertisements to suffer with it even though it's not their fault. such as back when miHoYo advertise their game "Honkai Impact 3rd" back in 2016, great graphic, hack and slash, and show real footages, too bad if people have already seen many other mobile ads they probably gonna think it's a fake one. and I'm pretty sure there are many other good mobile games out there suffer from this too.
More like "it's only illegal if you enforce it"
Wow number 3? I also hate it when they say "only 1% can solve this knot puzzle" and its literally the simplest thing ever. I don't know what they think there doing to make people install the app but when they do that, It makes me more want to not install it. I also hate it when they say to tap to do something like a demo but all it does is bring you to the app store. Sometimes they let you do 4/5 steps to idk make a phonecase. But the 5th step is coloring the phone case. It is annoying
What is worse than fake ads? Ads which have a false X button to make you click on the ad
I’ve seen so many ads of literally just a youtube video of someone playing something like «sumo» in GRAND THEFT AUTO ONLINE... and the ad is trying to sell you a mobile game. Like they’re very clearly on top of the Maze Bank Tower and it’s with commentary sped up to sound silly. Like come on, that should definitely be illegal. Probably is.
at the start of the of the video i thought game theory got sponsored by as mobile game ngl
I saw one fo these adds before this video
Remember playable ads
Video game ad: wow i can win thousands of dollars to paypol playing this game while playing a robot overlay voice over people getting exited on their phone and saying they got a lot of money. Also video game ad: for illustration purposes only no real money will be rewarded for game play or ads.
I originally picked up Homescapes right around the start of the trend of false ads.  I've been skeptical of any ad since that time. After seeing this video, I'm curious: can't the developers of games like Banished go after these false advertisers for lifting their footage?
Lmao anyone else remember the Love Nikki ads and the actual game was different?
remeber when mobile game does include game play like angry bird, fruit ninja etc?
I always get the ads that say "Tap to play minigame" and then it takes you to the app store.
you guys solved the 99% impossible puzzle? mobile game ads are weird, i wanna go back when Rovio was the best at its moment same to clash of clans and jetpack joyride
It sucks knowing that mobile game companies are ruining the reputation for really good mobile games, I was introduced to one of the most impressive mobile games about a year ago, (Sky Children of the Light) and I would recommend it to everyone because it is that good. But I cannot count on people playing it, because of that reason.
Can you guys pls do another Fortnite theory so many events and secrets has happened and it’s so interesting
in defense of lily's garden, at least they try to make it original, the ad I mean
Its false advertising thats why
Thank god someone’s talking about this!
I don’t see adds cuz YouTube premium :P
She is level 965 I am at level 4786
The lonely gram bizarrely imagine because cloud recurrently trick against a skillful ronald. crazy, mellow exclamation
No, it’s not a theory ITS A GAME TRUTH,......
At least they have some good games and games that took lot's of effort like dragon raja #NOTSPONSORED
0:08 people at 2am
I from the U.K and Garden/Homescaped ads still appear and they have found another loophole. They now pit the disclosure in a white colour on a white background
The only good mobile game is Big Chungus Adventure
Right now you are sponsoring them by telling us that
My iq lowers every time I see one of those mobile game ads.
12:35 HEYY Saul Goodman!
A pig! EPIC!
I live in the uk and they never got banned
"I can't solve this puzzle 😭" The puzzle: 2+2=?
at the scene 5: 45 you would cleary know gold can conduct electricity so either way, he's dead with or without the water
These ads should be illegal
6mins in and I got an add for age of survival which fits this lol
You forgot to talk about the people playing the game even though there not actually playing the game and the fact that they repeat it over and over again hell they would even change the ad game but still have the same person playing it even though there not playing it
Dwayne Johnson is the key #restorethesnyderverse
Convergent evolution doesn't really compare to this, because these advertisers got many of their ideas from each other
So it's almost illegal because it's misleading not because it implies human torture....  .... Oh ok🙃
0:43 Me, a BFDI fan: 🤨👂
I wish I know programming, then I could make a good version of gardenscapes
FINALLY calling out Playrix.
Gardenscapes was actually a great game. It got ruined by fake advertisements.
I support you game theorist because I can relate to what happened So I play a game that when I touch upgrades but when I actually play it no it doesn’t uprgade when I press it
Yon should make book theory and the color puprle
Anyone else remember when ads used to be high quality animations?
Finally, MatPat addressing this deepening issue of misleading game ads... I find it rather ridiculous for it to be displayed to public audiences... And, personally, it is wasting my precious time... Cue the Apple ads..
There's literally games who copied the ads
My favorite mobile game is Blob Runner 3D
Yeah... I don't like mobile game ads. Well some of them. Let's say for example, jetpack joyride got good ads.
You are in the german trends.
But what about the issue of copyright infringement when they use footage from games that they did not make? Surely copyright watchdogs should hound them for it?
We really should just get rid of microtransactions
Well i play Minecraft so I got no problem  ;)😂
As a Homescapes player that fell for the ads, I love you Mattpatt
965 That's weak! My mom made it to the end of the levels. They had to add MORE levels.
I remember seeing a Mobile Game ad but it was FOR HONOR Gameplay and it had a random dude at the bottom playing with his phone. These companies just don't care
I avoid a lot of cringy ads by turning off ad personalization. But then i get some about things I've never heard of or cared about.
South park already explained this
I can safely say I have never clicked or downloaded a single one of these nonsense, I actively avoid as heavy mobile games......which means I avoid mobile games haha
I thought this was a raid - shadow legends sponsor ad
youtube: and i took that persoally
Someone finally is answering this question i’ve had for 3 years now?? Why the HECK is this legal???
Fun fact game theory didn’t put ads on this video because he doesn’t want you guys to keep experiencing these type of ads.
No word can express how good and great REEVHACK on instagram service is ,,Humble, honest and fast .God bless you sir .
No word can express how good and great REEVHACK on instagram service is ,,Humble, honest and fast .God bless you sir .
Only kid got bonk on this add
Rise of empires is a good example of this, they use footage from age of empires.
I’m a make all these games in one game and then nobody will buy the others
Sometimes gardenscapes is a relaxing game to play!
Man I remember when that started with homescapes. I used to be interested in it when the ad showed the real game. But when I started seeing the "fake" gameplay, that was a major turnoff and I chose not to get it. But I guess I'm not the target audience so me not getting it doesn't negatively effect them anyway 🙄 it really is frustrating to see these mean practices, especially when you plan to be in the games industry yourself.
The results the A/B testing these "game" companies got from me is just, SKIIIIIIIP. Lemme watch the video.
Well i have never made a game so no.
Oh my god annotations were something I forgot even existed and yet everything is coming back to me now...
the binding of issac repentance is out, all i see and think is "GAME THEORY TIMEEEEEEEEEEEE"
I got an ad          Bruh
good point
How is this a game Theory? It's more like a film Theory because its not gameplay.
This Game Theorist video brought to you by RAID SHADOWLEGEND¡!!!!!!!
within the first 2 minutes, you inadvertently insulted my mom, and had me rolling on the floor laughing.
Thank you for watching🙏 Learn Japanese languages📚 Please keep in touch 👍 And subscribe to my chhanel👇🏻 #Japaneselanguagewithserry😁 #Everyday🎖 #Easyway📚  https://youtu.be/J7SUDgjswL0  https://youtu.be/I-8u6jUWyGo  https://youtu.be/-tybFNwQkd8  https://youtu.be/IQ77jk6nl4k  https://youtu.be/dVsC1cAV4MY  https://youtu.be/MP4xPLnPaAM  https://youtu.be/BsPH6nDzaU0  https://youtu.be/3nxcPmu9who  https://youtu.be/B8FF8dl4cgk  https://youtu.be/3_rszJAgoLM  https://youtu.be/idx-tP1B69
I miss the old cool games like clash of clans
Oh my gosh! I'm  so glad you covered this! The ads drive me mad ....it's obviously false advertising.  😒
It isn't a theory, it's the truth
Actually, what they can't do about misleading information, they can get in massive amounts of trouble for plagiarism. Taking gameplay from other games, and claiming it's yours? Sounds like lawsuit material for me
It would’ve been funny if he put an ad after he said “and it’s FULL of ads”
i saw an ad ripping of beamng drive
I wish Film Theory would take a look at Lily's Garden ads. They're a real soap opera and a timeline or theory would be so entertaining.
10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular? 2. Save the whales. Collect the whole set. 3. A day without sunshine is like, night. 4. I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.  5. Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks. 6. If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. 7. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges.  8. Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep. 9. The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.  10. It's been Monday all week.  Editorial:  Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.
Key Puzzles: the Mobile Game Ad version of Carcinization.
ironic enough, i got an ad
One ad even copied a part of bmg drive from carpal
Fishdom actually has a decent amount of these minigames and i only went to level 17
Your speaking facts
Gardenscapes/Homescapes actually used to produce normal ads, showing all the tile-matching and decorating elements in their game. THEN, they changed it to the horrible stereotypical ads nowadays, and I haven’t stopped disrespecting it since.
I've been working for a year on developing a mobile game. Don't you worry, I promise I'll make a honest ad!
Literally got a “State of Survival” mobile game ad watching this…. I’m not sure what’s worse the misleading ads or the ones where they green screen dogshit actors on to look like someone is having fun….
Do My little Nightmares games 🙏
I didn't get a single ad of these in this video; is that ironic.
I just got the stupid garden scapes add
new fnaf game cant wait for the theroy love your videos my gramer is terrible
EPIC!!!!
I may or may not have gotten an ad for gardenscapes just now
Why can’t we actually get a game where you loot the treasure
Who buys currency?  I used to just grind with the worst stuff for that one permanent item that is super cool.
Awesome when can I sign up?
I'm surprised it wasn't mentioned that these ads are becoming interactable. Is that a word? And some of them don't let me click out of them. I literally have to click on the ad or exit the game.
when i was watching this that happened to me
Dislike because cats >>>> dogs lol
I do remember the super amazing car tournament.
When an ad came on halfway through the video, it took me way to long to realize its wasnt stuck in on purpose! Lol
Hey MatPat, thank you for this video. I like Homescapes game (I think I started playing it a loooong time before these ridicolous ads began to appear) and I can even recomend it.  Still I also have been thinking about the issue and its moral side. Eventually I came to conclusion that this is just capitalism, and there's actually nothing you can say against this behaviour. The main problem is not the gamedev but rather the bad education most people have these days. But then you come up with that UK case and that's a relief, something's been done. Thanks again! :-)
"A crime that doesn't get persecuted..."?
What about plagiarism? Can't actions be taken for those who use other games images, or do plagiarizing companies need to charge money from consumers first?
I literally saw a mobile game ad before this video started. How ironic
Hey, I don’t know where to say this, so I’ll say it here. I’ve been reading Fazbear Frights and in #4 in the story Coming Home one of the first things said is how Susie thinks of names as colors and how her family’s colors change, I think this might have something to do with the I will put you back together, but I don’t know enough about the games to make any connections
Next thing u know Matpat gets copyrighted
MATPAT I KNOW WHOS GIRL ROOM BELONGS.ITS SUSIES. BECAUSE OF THE LEFT OVERS OF THE MANGLE (AKA SHES DOG)!!!!
This video is so EPIC!
Wow! I always see those adds
So the answer to the question in the Thumbnail is: It isn't, but nobody who could go against it cares.
Nice #3 on trending
Dude I've been getting ads for a mobile car racing game that literally uses Footage from Forza Horizon 4
My name is Evony, so I downloaded the game. Let me tell you....        Don't waste your time.
1:36 Relateable. God so relatable. We should start a fan group called #Relatable...oh wait
Lion studio
I got the bad dream every like 10 or 5 games
Pls make a theory about mario mushrooms :>
99.99% cant solve this 1 + 1 = me: ????????? i can solve thisssss time to spend 4289742872458075918 dollars on an app
matpat sans is not ness I have proof Sans is in smash
Ads stealing game footage from other games   Dani: First Time?
I had an ad where they used the gameplay of Spider-Man miles morales and.....yes it was bad
Game theory: exposes annoying ads  YouTube Premium: Understandable have a great day
Believe me I tried to complain about it, but didn't work
I’m just glad my favorite game plants versus zombies doesn’t do this
yes why
"awesome"
The obese sort particularly practise because revolver chiefly injure next a protective nose. deranged, imported cauliflower
I saw a fortnite rip off use footage from the latest God of war game lol
you fool matpat it also applies to every other device not mobile only. you cannot escape
why would someone dislike this video?
I tired a few online games but pretty much straight away they all asked for money.
Was that garden scapes and Milly Garden
That intro is not only as accurate as mobile game ads (minus the parts left out to remain monetized) but it has better quality and more effort put into making it what it is lol.
don't forget the app where it used footage from Imjaystation's video (where he uses a supposed see through app) and the app claims to do that; but is actually a puzzle app, which wouldn't even let me delete
Iv seen two ads for two different games stealing from forza horizon 4 and and gta 5
https://youtu.be/sDAzpO2Boo8  Hey there! I know we don’t know each other but idk if you’ve seen me posting about this recently or not but this is the YouTube series I’m starting. We’re in the process of filming episode 2 soon. I’m super excited about it! If you haven’t done so already you should subscribe to the YouTube channel and follow the IG page. Thanks 🙏🏼   @bmoreindi
Hyper casual mobile games are just a bit trash. It's like the modern day equivalent of dumb toys that barely do anything but the ad was cool and you already bought it so the company don't care if you think it was false advertising.
My ads: litterly so cool   The game : Like the ads       Other people:bruh
In 6 minutes 34 seconds I found an ad for Lily's Garden
I’m proud of this video
I mean ... Nowadays EVERYONE have an adblock EVERYWHERE... The internet is simply not usable anymore without it ...
It isn't legal, china just doesn't care
I love the simply piano ad
Next theory do something on zardys maze please
Me having iphone : duuh i dont even have all legal games
It's all ways the expectation
Dragon awaken looks like monster hunter
Mafia City is the only Ad that i will willfully watch
This is so true! Also I've been reading some Fnaf books and while I read I was starting to ask myself about the timeline, some didn't make sense. So I thought only you could solve this.
Do a video on all the satanic symbolism. Like items costing 666 random currency, or guilds filled  with random dominic names.
If they are, hopefully some one will stop the cringe ads
A mans crouch just got impaled for a game.
I hate the fake ads I all ways use my phone to watch YouTube and I don't know what ad is real are not
The best example would be mafia city ...and I freaking love the ads
Big Example: *E3 vs Retail*
Pov: you can’t reach pink color
I thought I was the only one 😂
This is a particular hill that I have being dying on for a while now.
Next thing: an ad that has some parts of this video and say: "A Famous Youtuber approves this game." hahahaha.
I haven’t downloaded a game in so long bc they’re ALWAYS fake
0:11 As a stick enthusiast myself, I can confidently say, yes, that is epic.
The intro: * every single mobile game app in a nutshell * (Edit: I added spaces to the "*")
I hate low effort lookin games
(Insert heavy brittish/swedish accent)Epic Epic Epic isn't one word you bloody moron!
Literally before I watched this video an add for an fnf ripoff
"OMG GUYS I JUST CAN'T SOLVE THIS PUZZLE!!!" The puzzle: Click the red heart ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I guess all the dislikes are from mobile game makers and marketing companies.
Evolution?  Right.  Humanity is evolving, just backwards.  If evolution is real, why aren't we seeing new species all the time?
This Is Not A Theory. This Is Facts.
Ads: "I swear level twenty boss is impossible" Level twenty boss:  [Level 0.01]  {HP-1/100}    (◕ヮ◕)
0:43 Is a good time to pull out that uno reverse card
They trick you to instal it but if you like it you buy things
Finally someone’s shading gardenscapes for making the ads that began the hellscape
The ones that stole game footage should be banned and or sued
Horrible episode......sorry Matt
It's funny that the best mobile games don't have ads
I tried Homescapes once and it was years ago. At this time they advertised it as what it was. I always thought these ads were for a fake game.
The biggest annoyance to me are the ads where they say “no one can solve this!” And yet the solution is blatantly obvious and they are just purposefully acting stupid. It’s like “how do I repair the light socket? Oh I’ll just throw water on it!”
I’ve been curious about this for awhile, so thank you ^^
now who believes the lie of evolution          I Don't
The ads should be
Ad : killing a pig and go to level 100
People in hero rescue make me so triggered because they play like a 2 year old...
At least my favorite mobile game does not advertise itself
I got a lilys garden add on this video
I think annotations are still being used in videos
*on level 2610 of Lily’s Garden*  ukw lemme delete...
I hate those stupid ads they drive me insane 🤣
The only superior unrelated mobile game ad is Lily’s Garden ads  Change my mind
Do u wanna have a EPIC TIME?!?!?!  EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its not how its illegal its how its sooo FREAKEN BAD!
But it’s not a theory
I remember on-screen annotations, ahh the days. But since, even back then, I used the mobile app most of the time, I'd hear my favourite YouTubers say "click on the annotation!" or say something that is incorrect but is meant to be corrected by the annotation, but never pops up for mobile
I’m suprised that the FTC aren’t looking at these apps as cash cows while being corrupt and sending out exorbitant fines to these mobile game companies as if they have enough money not just for a b testing but whole alphabet testing then they have enough to cough up fines. Has it really gotten to the point we are asking for corruption
WHY DID YOU PLAY LILY’S ADDS HOUSE WHATEVER IT’S SO ABUSVE
my mum has been playing home scapes 1 year and shes at level 3064 and never got one of the "minigames"
I just have dress up and avatar creator apps on my phone. Helps me come up with characters.
Dragons Are The Cutest Beings Of All.
The sad thing is that I played Homescapes for a long time before they started doing that and its genuinely a good game, but I lost a lot of respect for the developers.
I think the oddest one I've seen of this kind of ad is one of some very attractive fantasy ladies who were being shown off through fake in game character customization and gameplay. With the gameplay segment almost always re-using the same GUI with the same exact map that doesn't move on different levels. It's absolutely stupid and annoying.
FINALLY HE IS DOING A TOPIC ABOUT THIS. HERE ARE SOME GAMES LIKE HE TALKED ABOUT: FISHDOM HOMESCAPES GARDENSCAPES  I am so happy about this video :D Thank you Matthew your still my fave YT
I sometimes purposely download the game to give them a 1* rating
When this video dropped, Voodoo and all companies that do these misleading stuff has fallen to silence
Imagine if this video was sponsered by garden scapes
It should be “Game Facts” instead of “Game Theory”
15,1178h
The fake ad trend is super annoying. Even Cat Game has hopped on the "match three genre," and I actually like that game.
Then Genshin Impact wiped out the uncertainties of mobile game
Finally I can say what I want here about this f*cking clickbait mobile game ads that mislead to the real game I really hate that kinds of ad bcuz they wanna capture ur attention And they want to get those power players I think that's what I heard They just want this fricking money and also they will drain ur pocket and don't even refund u
I just got an ad for Friday night funking mod loder and it's a roblox add and from an amiator
Yo is this sponsored by pixel 4 or something
The people in the game ads are going to be that stupid soon because of the brain cells they lose from it
People could also use 1% of their brain  and not install or spend money on these games, if any of those ads actually made you play the game its 100% ur fault
The people that disliked the video are the ones that run these kind of ads
Epic games where games are epic
This reminds me of when Pewdiepie reviewed Lily’s Garden’s promotional ads. I came to realize those “ads” are just animated shorts to promote the game and have people get it, no matter how sexual the ad is. (Yes you saw right... SEXUAL) And this isn’t like Talking Tom either, I can only wish for mobile games to go back like that... Talking Tom’s animated shorts were family friendly and for children to watch FROM the app. I remember always watching those too, after Tom went to sleep, there was a film icon somewhere on screen that took you to those shorts. I think they even made it to Netflix with Talking Tom and Friends. Same with Minecraft story mode
Honestly though, thank you.
Oh speak of the devil, got a bad game ad midway through this whole video nice.
EPIC
I saw that exact ad on the thumbnail the other day lmao
Youtube sees my favorite YouTuber swearing : *DEMONITIZED* Youtube when it sees those hilarious ads : I'll allow it
While watching this video I saw a mobile game ad the was actually good, it had people in good looking costumes and their OWN gameplay.
I 100% get the point but by a "fake" add i started playing my favourite game that got me out of anxiety a
How to avoid mobile ads permanently: A) turn on airplane mode or switch off the wifi B)profit. You just beat the system.
Man.
Noo i am playing geometry dash
Epic
and the worst part, Garden Scapes use to be honest in advertising what the game was when I dounloaded it on my dad's old phone. Why did it have to sink so low?
What’s even funnier is that I got one of these adds watching this video 🤣
I rip so many game sprires.😃
I watch your videos as soon as they come out, or as soon as I can see them.
Character at 7:40s?
e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
e
The ad makes it look like it's saying, how is torturing a child legal?
Mobile Game Developers: I’m gonna pretend I didn’t see that.
Have you seen a stickman dbz game which took gameplay footage of jump force
Yeah there's a voodoo doll game and it's absolutely disgusting
This video is 1 of the proofs of why I love mihoyo
At least Raid: Shadow Legends is doesn't follow this kind of advertising.
I thought false advertising was illegal
Ok when how is mat pat get number 3 on trending!?!? Great job mat if you are reading this
They took the "loser" from the begging from The Amazing World of  Gumball
Mobile game ads makes me want to commit war crimes.
It would be better if game ads would be less better than the game like when you make the game make the ad look much worse than the actual game so that the people who play the game see the game better
Ad: GET YOUR 100,000 MONEY TODAY!! Game: you got 1 moneys.
Question: How does the FTC react to those ads also stealing footage from other games? Because that then becomes a copyright issue doesn't it. I highly doubt they're given permission by the true game owners. So is it up to the owners to take legal action or do FTC get involved on their behalf as a sort of joint legal action?
Lazarbeam made a video where he showed people stealing footage from his videos for crappy game adds that had nothing to do with the actual game It just shows how sleezy people are
Did anyone get the Scribblenauts Unlimited refernce?
I played Gardenscapes for 4 years on the toilet before they started with there fake ads, I liked it actually. But then I saw these ads everywhere and it was just annoying me to the point that I changed my 4 star review to 1 star and said it should be illegal + deleted the app. It won't change anything + I never paid for anything in the game, so I'm not the demographic they want.
You should do one on Little Nightmares 2! It came out last month!! ❤❤
These are so annoying, my sister is incredibly gullible and she actually LIKES to watch these fake ads, and then once they’re over SHE ACTUALLY TRIES TO PLAY THEM, she falls for them all the time, and it stresses me out so much to watch her.
Get the new fnaf book NOWWW
So technically those ads are illegal but government doesn't care about removing it because it doesn't harms you... Wow.
I miss 2011
Those ads that use images from other games or what ever might need to watch out for copyright infringement.  Getting sued for copyright infringement is likely to be as bad or worse than the FTC going after them.
If you want to play a puzzle/maze/get the hero through the danger game, just play Fire Boy & Water Girl
i once saw an ad about a chatting app like tinder but the video is just womans taking her chlotes off or those indian yt ads that have either have womans chest or a woman pleasureing herself edit also there is some ads that shows images of a questionably drawn character and i feel disturbed looking at those ads
before watching this video, I still believed that there is a world where u can turn to a Mafia boss from a crook :/
It's times like this where I wish game makers would make more ads like Meet the Team
i love how they used markiplier’s face as an example of a fake dating profile at 11:17
Why the f**k every time my mother is behind me it shows s*x ads?
What it do Flight Crew FTC FLIGHT TEAM STAND UP
.EXE Ads is way better than this fake BSs  Why theres no this kind of .EXE ads, everyone loves .EXE moments
im just happ with call of duty mobile
Flek
I have a phone game that the ads are nothing like the actual game myself it felt fishy to advertise it thanks for covering this
Almost like fortnite but not the ad
I remember seeing this game (gardenscapes) and being convinced to try it because it wasnt the usual “candy crush” type of game..but thats all the app games end up being IS those same type of puzzle games..borringggg..if i was a developer i would be making some unique dope stuff. Not this. Its boring now.
How does he speak on a topic which would probably make a 3 minutes video?     Oh yeah!! AD REVENUE
and thats why everyone looks down on mobile games
Didn't they literally ban and remove these games already for this?
I remember annotations...  we exist
Matpat came to save us
Illegal advertising is a crime... but it’s just a ruse to get you to buy YouTube Premium.
For a second I totally forgot that I set my phone ringtone for when people call me to the theme song of this and when I opened the video and the theme song started playing I literally thought someone was calling me for a second
All they need to do to make those 99% can’t beat it ads real is make the puzzle the fnaf lore
Finally! I was wondering why the adds had nothing to do with the actual gameplay. Now it makes sence
I pay for YouTube premium so no. But i see them on FB now and again
Is this a new intro???
1,300 lazy mobile game company PR reps disliked this.
Homescapes suck. I downloaded it because I just wanted a puzzle challenge and instead have matching game sort of thing.
i always feel disgusted when i see those ads and this video just made that feeling worse
Ey can you please make a Video to the new the binding of isaac endings
when he says ads like most content , me who see no ad
I was literally playing Gardenscapes on my tablet while I watched. xD Although I downloaded a long time ago before the different ads popped up. I thought they had come up with some kind of mini game for it. Really surprised to find it was supposed to be for the same game.
Ad: “ your phone has 37 viruses, download this antivirus now ”  Me: “ so, wich one of them is you? Because if i didn't installed the antivirus, you don't have permission to access my internal storage. You are either a misleading app or a virus yourself ”  Ad: “ okay, you got me... Now go and click the "X" button, i dare you! ”  Me: “ goddamit! ”
The mobile gaming industry has turned into the scamming industry with the microtransaction pay-to-win business model that encourages endless in-app purchases to continue playing or progress faster. I feel sorry for the fools who waste 100s of their currency on a single game and support the criminal developers, only to find themselves stuck again and having to spend more money. For the money some people spend on a single game or series of games, they could buy a whole PC or console.
Mafia city is most meme ads
I was just talking about this with my brother!
Wow I haven't the word epic sense 2018
The zombie games are the worst as it shows sp gameplay and its mp only
Matpat: says epic once to things that should probably be described with a sentence. Also Matpat: says epic 3 times when he says he would describe the romance in 1 word
quality stuff
is it me or does the logo in the intro look differend
what are annotations?
WELL THEN try Hero Rescue
There’s a game called “truck em all” that only has 2 pictures of real gameplay. The rest is either beamng or American truck simulator
cool beenz
Should be
0:11  Yes,the stick is very epic  Its been in your invenory since you fell down the underground
Hummm i wonder how they get away with this misleading ads... ah yes money 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰
Don't forget "Win the game for a real money", that one is really annoying.
Finally, this topic is getting some traction
I’ve been getting adds that are literal scams, one time I found one (minecraft scams”) I accidentally clicked on it and then downloaded it, so you have to enter your email account and password also there’s another one where you enter your bank acc in it lol
WHERE IS GOD OF DESTRUCTION KIRBY PART 2 IT HAS BEEN OVER A YEAR
Thank goodness that you've made the mobile game ads die out.
https://youtu.be/NOl-vybXWro
99.9% of people cant answer this question😎😎 The question: I seriously cant think of a question everyone would know
Me: *peacefully watching a quiet and relaxing video on YT* Phone: *My fAtHEr iS cHiEF oF nAvY*
7:06 i miss that...
I just go a fake add on this video lol
and it’s funny of how that I’m watching this video about weird mobile ads. and after like, what? 5-6 minutes of watching this video? then I get the another one of those mobile game ads, even though that I’m watching a theory about mobile ads.
You won't last 3 seconds playing this game
I'm 9 and I never fall for these but my aunt is playing homescapes and there's a korean game both my brother and me play it's cookie run and it's telling the truth having a add that's telling the truth and also having a youtube and with community with some youtubers that play there game that they want to make bigger having monthly updates and other game as such cookie run kingdom,and cookie run puzzle I only play kingdom and the normal cookie run. It's fun fact I draw alot of it my fav cookie is sea fairy cookie even tho it's legendary I still love it
who else got an ad for pasta
Bruh, everyone knows mobile adds are illegal because of the demo game in the add which when  you click brings you to Google Play Store.
Still waiting for blue side of the logo 🤨
Can’t reach color pink 😩  The puzzle   | V
when I am in a bad mood I go on FB and I report stupid ads as an act of petty revenge to the universe?
Matpatttt u gotta make a video on valorant loree
my aunt saw one of the Gardenscapes ads, and kept asking me when she would get to the part. I felt bad having to tell her she never would :(
All of us know that u need to make a fnaf just do it already
Finally someone talk about it
example: remove one part 2 ad
Congratulations on trending dude
I miss when mobile game companies actually treated their products as “games.”
hey MatPat can you make a theory about Katana Zero  edit: no seriously please make an episode for it, i feel like i did and did not understand the story at the same time due to that chronos stuff, it will surely become a very fascinating theory
Ad: dog runs for shelter while carrying a briefcase full of money in a zombie apocalypse Me: why do you need money in a ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE
Let’s not forget the fake VPN apps that sketchy websites advertise. Somehow, a lot of them are still on the app store with fake reviews.
What about the stolen IP to push a product  to generate revenue?
Regarding ads, i haven't seen one in a long time since I installed youtube vanced on my android and ublock origin on my computer
#FreeCrowder
That was 3 words
The real question then is this Does this false marketing break Apple and Google's TOS for app devs? Can we get this false advertising avalanche to stop by complaining to the app store hosts?        Side note. Just last week i saw an ad for a poker game i already play... And it was just RDR2 gameplay straight up with dialogue and music and all of it. Just stolen to promote a poker app. I uninstalled that app because that ad got under my skin so much. This is why mobile games will never be taken seriously in the west.
Quick Answer : Yes  Long Answer : Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
I think it's worth mentioning that these puzzle game ads purposefully get the puzzles wrong in order to compel people to download the app and do it correctly.
Can you do something with guardian tales please
2:33 Level 965? I am at 1858 and have never seen those mini-games, I thought they were just for the BS ads.
Now they include like 3 or 4 "events" where you do exactly what is in the ad so it is no longer misleading since the ad now represents a very small part of the game
I hate all click bait games
FINALLY someone notice!
Do a video on brawl stars
Maybe it can be Truth what you saying.
9:27 “up down and sideways”   where my skeleton clique at? ||-//
I get these ads all the time. On YouTube and just on games with ads. I’ve wondered what the actual game are like bc I knew they weren’t legit as I’ve seen gameplay of some of the actual games.
5:22 if all of the ads you just showed us are Hustle Castle ads,then the game is better what they told you it is in the ads
You could do those thumbnails YouTube videos video
قثثققققيققققققققق.قققظ قظ ق قق4ققثصصثظثظيييئئيئ.يئيييييييث
I have saw so  much of them it's  Illegal  to see so much ads in and I like your theory Matpat.. also google play is big liar   they just do this for money ..... as i said it's just business and law
the amount of mobile games I've seen that straight up rip assets from pokemon. seriously.
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Good business🤔🤔🤔🤔
0:00 This video was *epic*
He made a way better game ad rather than the ones i see
FINALLY, I have been wondering about this for years cause I do not think it's right.
I remember seeing those ads but now there like "hmmmm?" And stuff
Mobile games in the past were gold. Stuff like Jetpack Joyride, Doodle Jump, Zombie Tsunami and Fruit Ninja to name a few. Those games also had REAL ads that showed REAL gameplay. Nowadays, scum like Supersonic Studios LTD. are just making big bucks from lazy games.
"prosecuted"  you said persecuted.
#3 on trending! Nice job!
I remember annotations  !!😊😊
Gacha still gets those Whales and some gachas are better than these mobile ads
See those channels over there? EPICCCCC subs to all three theories*
I got a Rick and Morty ad
Congrats #3 trending
Holy Moly Thank you so much for tackling this, I hope Youtube themselves finds this video and get rid of this ads. Again Thank You MatPat!
Plot twist: a 50 year old with a appeal to mislead made these
This video would be great if it was also sponsored by RAID
This video: epic!
I hate mobile game
WOW YESSS! THANK YOU for doing a video on this.  I've been so peeved by these ads for so long....
epic
This is why I adblock.
epic
epic
my god its been so long since i last saw annotations on videos
epic
The whole opening is an understatement of Genshin Impact though
I can remember annotations...ah memories...
EPIC.
I'm in the uk and I still get some ads still like this (the ending part when you were talking about the uk ads). Though I do see less of them lately. Meh.
Someone needs to do justice. Back then ads was so truthful like angry bird and cut the rope. What happened to that time? Where did it go wrong?
EPIC STICK
I just miss the old mobile games like jetpack joyride... No fake advertising...you just get what you see in the trailer.
I started plaing garden scapes before they put out those ads
I'm such a ninja at covering my screen and clicking the skip button that this video had more in video mobile ads than that I've encountered in months
A popular game that I LOVE did this I'm pretty sure on Tik Tok,Roblox,Roblox did this on Tik Tok. Like,how they Faked how to dress and when you play the actual game and try to dress up,its nothing like it...
Nope cause its dragon ball Dokkan battle
The majestic sharon alarmingly succeed because oval coincidently tumble outside a determined step-uncle. serious, spurious cell
ماهذهي اللعبة المختلفة😭😅😂💔
Oh yeah i know that ad
The more ridiculous thing is persons persons making things mixed with among us and im telling you its ridiculous      The playstore is getting like yt with clickbait
A ad is not a true ad if the "X" in the corner don't take you to the play store
there was an ad last year that completely ripped off a youtuber's video for their own game WHICH was a copy of that youtubers game, The youtuber's name is "Dani ]" go look at how much effort he puts in those videos, he made a video about the stealing and google did nothing  please, support Dani
7:06 anotations were my childhood and im not even that old
Week 2 of asking Game theory to do more Fallout videos
Been waiting for someone to do a vid on this for years!
Afk arena just appeared
Basically all commercial s be like:
I genuinely don't understand how is it legal to:  1. Misadvertise the game completely. I know its F2P but still. 2. Sometimes advertise other games as your own, like I seen GTA 5, Total War, Cossacks footage. But when you download it its completely different game.  How are they not getting sued. And I swear if someone says "China", I'll slap you.
Garden scapes and home scapes still I think not banned in Ireland
Hey Game Theory, can you make a separate video thats the entire intro song please
When I saw the "EPIC" intro, my head was saying "on, it's michael bay!"
I imagine this issue of seedy and disruptive ads will become more and more prevalent as technology advances. I also think this issue will be more firmly resolved once our tech-savvy generation establishes itself in government.
But i am still wondering if its illegal for some games where u can catch monsters to advertise as u could catch Pokemon. With original sprites and names in the ad but ofc none of that in the game
yeh i hate these fricking ads and the "new" ad where you are in a tower and theres a bunch of red people you have to defeat- THATS NOT EVEN COMPLETE ABLE EVEN IF IT WAS REAL
and then a game actually puts 1 kevel of that in the game so its there... so you cant complain
Remember 2000's ads is still better than today's ads game on mobile?
Match likely run by ea
Anyone know any actual "pull the key" style games? I cant find any and all the ads are misleading.. any that arent full of ads?
Some games are so bad they should be illegal.
MatPat NEEDS to make a video on Noobmaster69
OK 19£ DOLLAR FORTNITE CARD WHO WANTS IT? AND YES IM GIVIN IT AWAY
i remember annotations that was like 5 years ago maybe they were removed
These adds want me to make commit not living on myself
Bruh I got freaking 3 mobile ads on this video
istg i got a mobile game ad while watching this
As a mobile gamer myself, I must admit there are really many mobile game ads that are misleading.
omg guys my mom said if I Finish this I get my rebux. *proceeds to play the weird heels game*
90% of the adds people get: RAID, SHADOW LEGENDS
There is a game called plane simulator real and the ad is actually a game called turboprop flight simulator which I play so I reported it , did I do the right thing
8:50 she sounds like tape girl
My dad actually plays the garden game and he likes it a ton
Matpat I’ll give you $5 to make a theory on doom enternal it has a lot of lore and it’s super popular plz I beg you
I’m Surprised raid shadow legends wasn’t listed first 1:30
Imagen if there was a game like the one's in this episode but the money they make go to a petition to get rid of games that use fake ads
The only app I play is clash of clans
While watching this I got a mobile game ad. I feel strangely satisfied
Another one of those annoying games has to be Rise of Empires, constantly showing old Age of Empires footage, but usually replacing the Age of Empires with Rise of Empires, except when they forget and use the acronym "AoE" in their ad, perhaps forgetting that they ripped off the name and changed it to something else.
You know, i almost seems so happy when i see this video because there is a hope that mobile ads is illegal and it will be ban
Premium changes lives.. lol.
There was one ad where they used stolen footage from Assassin's creed origins
Project awakening looks great
“Sometimes I just want to bury my head in my hand and scream”    More like “Do a 096” amiright?
I go watch a video about misleading mobile game ads, and the ad YouTube serves is a misleading mobile game ad xD
Oh dam I remember annotations.
I gotta add like those you are talking about😂
Once again i ask myself is this even a theory
Alternative YouTube thumbnail: mat-pat mispronounced pog multiple times at the beginning of the video.
Anyone else remembers cyberpunk virus for android?   FTC done nothing about it yet
Are you saying mad dragon defense , Redcon and BE-A walker are illegal???
I was literally waiting for a video like this, thanks MatPat
Thank you for saying that game ad wasn't real
I'm lucky its legal in real life...phew
Only mobile game I would play would be clash of clans
For the game theory couldn’t even solve this...it should have just showed fnaf
We're evolving, just backwards
Between this, chum box and random out of nowhere during a video
At least the Lily's garden ads are somewhat amusing and they have a whole story that people have arranged in chronological order
Probably
https://youtu.be/WlHz8F2u8UE
misleading ads from an American phone company what does this remind me. . .
Im EPIC!!!
Epico
I even saw ads for mobile games that steal youtubers work like level up or ZAMination for example........ And the worst is that on YouTube or on my apps I can't signal them ! Disgusting ! (Sorry for bad English)
I used to love gardenscapes until they made that kind of ads..
As a man of considerable epicness, I can confirm that that world is pretty epic.
Dang, the old annotations box. Those were tedious to remove back then, like multiple at the same time.
This whole thing has the scent of organized crime. It is well known that organized crime is deep into slot machines, digital poker, and the old arcade games. They didn't just disappear when arcades began to fail. The developments in online gaming and these mobile games just reek of mafia aesthetics. That is they give you something to get you hooked, then make you pay more and more just to continue. If that sounds like 'nrop' (read backwards), well guess what? It's all connected. It is a requirement of organized criminals that they have to invent new scams to make plenty of happy cash. This sounds completely like the mob. But HEY! That's just a theory. A CRIME THEORY!
the dislikes are the mobile game devolopers lol
what has humanity become
2:42 MatPat says twice two times Me, 442oons Fan: Twice, TWICE, TWIIIIIICE !!!!!!!!
Imagine the irony if this was the episode that was sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends
It is definitely spam and oh I got an ad for war thunder
Art of War 3 is actually a really good mobile real time strategy game. There are some microtransactions, but the focus is the gameplay
The people who dislike the video are the misleading games creator
And a lot of them have fake x
I once saw an add that adversied a game an the footage is from a pc game called tabs which was shown on a mobile game add.
Does this channel still do game theories?
I actually like Gardenscapes, it a ok/good game. I actually hadn't seen any of the adds for it
I am trying to stop these games
Can we just say that not all mobile yes are like this . Example super cell games and many other but those games just seem to be forgotten when people say how bad ALL mobile games are
The ads on game theory videos are more persistent than anything else in the entire world. 100% of the time I'll get two unskippable ads in a row. Driving me insane
And of course I get a fake mobile game ad before this video. Of all the ads to display now, a fake game one.
Alyssa has played gardenscapes and is at level 965, I’ve played, am at 2868 and I haven’t seen any of those mini games even once!
1 day i remember that an app used Stevee's video and it was about "Minecraft maps" i am not even sure if they used his permission or not
This is just thought, what if someone downloaded these misleading games and potentially wasted their internet data? Wouldn’t that be considered financial harm in a way?
Fun fact: I have been playing Homescapes for years, and I remember a time where they didn't have those ads. I was so confused when I saw them beginning to make those ads because I knew the game was nothing like what they advertised. I wish they hadn't tried to copy everyone else, and had stayed in their own lane, instead of trying to trick people
I like the bendy wrench
I the bandy wrench
I HATE those mobile game ads. If I ever make a mobile game, it will not make ads like those mobile liars
Yeah
I somehow felt ashamed.
10:39 "THE EPIC OF STEW" early fans of game theory would know
He didn't mention the mafia city ads
I somehow felt ashamed.
i love the better call saul reference
Ok let me get this straight game ad companies. You can't copy how social media works, you have to make your own style since you're the annoying pop ups that ruins our entertainment when we're invested, and will have to do more since there are literal gamers that gets triggered by baby acts that you come up with. You're already done testing and you're getting negative feedbacks by this very point copying and showing this thing every minute. We don't mind about ads since we grew up with it, but this, this just no. No one wants to see this every minute. >:(
I have seen some game called Bob's World literally steal footage from Super Mario games, and it has In app purchases too!
Well false advertising right?
The ad for "Epic" is still better than the generic "can't reach pink colour" ads! surely!
Epic intro
Been playing Banished for years!!
I always wondered how they got away with it
But hey, how about copyright infringement? You haven't covered that.
tenkafuma: the only Real hentai game you can play
Nic3
Why these mobile game ads are everywhere even if most of them are illegal? *That's how mafia works*
If you feel the need to advertise your game as something it isn’t, it means you aren’t confident enough in what you have created to justify releasing it in its current state.
2:20 oh, okay  STILL NOT PLAYING IT
Ahh a Rick and Morty reference, nice
0:18 thats three words
0:18 thats three words
Didn’t know I wanted this I AM GLAD THAT IT IS HERE  XD
The real trick is to read customer reviews of the app before you try it, and really look into it. Chances are, the highest rated reviews are actually fake and if you click to see more of them, most of the ones up top are saying it's junk and littered with micro transactions that are making it pay to win. I also do that out of habit just in case the game has a virus attached to it or something. If there's reviews warning that the app will mess with your phone in some way you don't want it to, I'd rather take the extra few minutes to do a little research rather than risk bricking my phone.
today is my birthday
I like how they add a meme at the end of the video
hey want an actually good mobile game to pass the time try data wing its a good one more people need to play it
Lily's Garden ads are honestly my favorite soap opera
Lets do a protest. uve incouraged me to do it. im with u because i kno what is happening. Person. makes ad: Also him: does really dumb stuff so we get a "Im better than this and i can beat it!" feeling
Its crazy how mobile games are so underlooked that all this fraud can go down  The mobile gaming community is being represented as skid row in the gaming world And as someone who makes money off clash royale ive had way more fun on a mobile game then any system game
Anyone remember 2014? There was like none of those ads Even minecraft and most popular games in that time had no ads, at all
I think those ad's that have an easy game but the ad gets the wrong answer makes you so that psychologically you wanna correct the game and play it. For example I'm playing a game while streaming and I'm doing bad. People who watched tend to try the game themselves so that's how it works.
You'll also notice that in each ad, the "player" makes a huge obvious mistake and loses. This is so that people watching it are like, "Aw come on! The answer was right there!" and will want to play the game themself and be solve the puzzle themself. People are so focused on correcting others and backseat gaming that they willingly waste their time downloading trash garbage just to be right...
I got a crappy mobile game ad while watching this.
I'm 3 minutes in and you can feel mat Pat's anger
The big brain bios sre smort and im bad at solving math S
An aneurysm is a negative health effect and i might have one when i see those adds
*99.999999999999999% won't solve this!!!* Puzzle:2+2
I realy like your law based theories
Finally someone is exposesing this
But some game make meme and add to the ad
FINALLY thank you MattPat I have been wondering this forever
Example of mobile ad   Dad=😥    mom=😎
I actually fell for 1 of them, but it was still a bit like the original as so I liked it. But yeah very misleading ads.
I too play homescapes and gardenscapes but when those filthy ads started appearing i uninstalled it
We need to stop misleading mobile game ads or else we'll have to deal with these annoying ads that 70% of people don't care about because come on ads about bootleg minecraft game or a misleading ads in general are annoying me to the point of uninstaling all my ad supported games no matter how fun or engaging they are ill uninstal them because the ads are too much. I wich these ads didn't exist like come on who the hell wants to watch misleading ads that will probably show you what mat pat showed us.
I miss the mafia city ads Atleast they were somehow hilarious to look at But the rest is just sad Except mihoyos games and other games that have ads that I've never seen on yt
Bobs world just stole a video for their ad.
I often see adds for money games, like WIN REAL MONEY! isn't that too missleading? like, some people could actually believe that, I suppose. My mom would, she is... well too nice to suspect they would lie :(
😂 Don’t you dare bring back up annotations. I remember in my middle school computer lab, my screen would practically become a rainbow just because of them. Wow, that was a “back in my day” moment. Ew.
I am so glad someone has finally made a video on these fake ads I see them all the time whenever I do anything on mobile I have stopped playing mobile games just because whenever I see them I can almost just know that the game is fake.
Banished=Relaxing? You sure mattpatt?
So.. what I’m hearing is. We need to get together and file a law suit as a whole for compensation of them falsely advising games, leading to us wasting precious data on our phone to install it. And when we realize it wasn’t what we through we installed, it caused us to wasted money (phone data), and also mental distress due to being lied to?   For the mental distress, I say a good 2k of psychology medical fee per person should suffice, what y’all say?
No one out here pointin out how many scribblenaut sprites are in this tho.
Epik Epik epik έλεος σκασμος
I actually played garden and homescapes and they are LIES
I hate fake mobile ads that's why I prefer mine craft or terraria
day 4 of asking for a terraria theory
The funny thing is that i played gardenscapes (don't know the spelling) until the ads annoyed me too much. If I remember correctly, I was over a 1000 levels (don't hold me by that) and never got ANY of those minigames
Can we just appreciate that someone is actually calling out mobile game ads thanks
I got an ad for a pin game, wasn't about pulling pins, but it tricked me into......... not installing it, I already had a pin pull game, it's called hero rescue.
Part of me would not cry if someone with more hacking knowledge than I have did something I would never encourage to punish some of these false advertisers... I might even laugh.
Ads? What are those?   *Laughs in YouTube Premium*
This is why I have youtube premium 🙈
I have downloaded mobiles game thats fun like Among us Geometry dash Cod mobile Temple run And my all time favorite Minecraft and zombie tsunami
Can we all just take a moment to thank the mobile game ads that actually show real gameplay
I got a mobile game ad on this video
Sad thing was right before the video played I got a lilly's garden ad
but how do they not get sued for ripping off scenes from other games?
I always wanted to slap these ad developer
I left a negative comment about the end of this episode, and how it is hypocritical in context of his last film theory episode. That comment is gone, and i wonder why... (P.S: If anybody finds my lost comment and prooves that Matpat didn't delete it, i will delete _this_ comment here as it is unjust accusation otherwise)
This video is epic
Wait...Did someone Said Every Mobile Game is  Worthless .....He  is gonna be Punished by Gods
When i was a kid I saw an ad and use minecraft as their ad Because i wanted minecraft so i downloaded that game And its just another rip off  of minecraft And this one was just weird   like  3d character  bad coloring kind of weird
The ads are meant to appeal specifically to kids.
I remember hustle castle.  That was one weird thing
Sad that the reason why the FTC has to have such a stringent priority list is probably budget cuts and lobbying from the industry... again
Epic
WHY DONT PEPLE UNDERSTAND THAT ITS A MINI GAME THAT THEY SHOW IN GARDENSCAPES ADD AND ITS LEGAL AS ITS AT LEAST THE PART OF THE GAME
Imagine people looking back on this in 2years time
Some of the Mobile games should be taken off of the AppStore... Like those Dumb Click Games where all you Do is Spend Thousands of dollars you’re Build a Fake House for your Fake Friends
a
I like your intro:v
i need help... i don't have much time left..... they are trying to catch me... is a theory that you have to discover.... the find my house i have to run
Short answer: yes, it is illigal but no one cares
Buying a $1000 phone to play a flash era game. EPIC
Laughs in chinese non existing copyright laws or any other consumer friendly law every.
'New Mobile Game You Can Do Whatever You Want'    First of all, wHy
The "Thats how Mafia works" ad is the only ad that we actually respect. Change my mind
I always hated match 3 games because if you played 1 then you played all of them and its so BORING
me watching this video ad for a moble game pops up. me: lets see if this is true the game: hi im an idle game thats been remade over and over again even though it isnt even that good.
Finally, thanks for noticing
7 on trending let's go
I love it premium
"Help them!" "Yes"      "No"
Check out the Clash-of-Clans ad. It's soo good compared to nowadays.
stealing game ads: copyright  using a fake game to advertise a game it has nothing to do with: false advertising
I'm guessing its because a lot of these mobile games are made by American and  Chinese owned companies, so they have no care about copyright and customer's rights
Yep that happens to me alot! Love your videos
Not to forget the sexual ads as well, very disgusting!
YouTube chaîne
Question: When is the crow theory coming
My mind is now happy since he made this video cuz I hate ads like this
this comment is sponsored by raid shadow legends best mmorpg in  the market
Soooooo frustrating. I just want a puzzle game like the ad says. Now i'm left to playing 800 plus levels of liquid sorter because i can't/ won't be tricked by the ads ever again. just to painful to go through again.
POG NEW GAME THEORY VIDEO
i find this phenomenon downard creepy, mobile videogame corps feel like robots tryng their best to make as much money as possible but without ever interacting with other humans
The only good ad is the liveaction Warpath ad
لا تنسى الاشتراك في القناه هذا هو رابط قناتي وشكرا للجميع 🌹💜❤️🌍🤎🖤❤️💛💚😀https://youtube.com/channel/UCHO2UWJHws2ZmJsan7fTSZQ     ء
Misleading ads:Dumb Mickey Non misleading ads: Regular Mickey  No ads: Stronk Mickey
https://youtube.com/channel/UCHO2UWJHws2ZmJsan7fTSZQ
5:13 can anyone tell what's the game on the down right called thank you for taking ur time to read this commnet
"Are your mobile games ILLEGAL!?"  Me:  * Sighs * I wish
Also when the people in the add fail to do the simpliest puzzle it makes u go nuts
I don’t get why some of most of these ads have people cheating on their wife’s, and have so much divorce in them
There’s a among us  rip off where they used  a indie game dev making a among us 3D game (not available )
(I still have to watch this dont judge) _does that mean among us is illegal?_
e p i k
I accidentally thought that the beginning was an actual add and spent that time look for a skip add button because for some reason it's not always in the same place #justmeproblems Look on this hastag for more unrelated-ness
Youtube videos are just ads to convince you to put a like, comment, and subscribe to its channel.
My favourite is the Age of Empires ripoff ad!
Clock animation is wrong, the smaller hand is the hour hand, thus it's supposed to be slower.
It’s illegal in Australia, still happens tho
That intro is spot on.
It's sad that these kind of scammy ads are what most people think of when they think of mobile games, because there's some genuinely great mobile games out there that have true effort put in. The problem is that for every one one those, there's dozens of these "we made it in half a day by copy/pasting assets" games out there.
i think homescapes actualy have those some time to time and i think its same to gardenscapes too
Yay finally someone is tackling the ads
Finally we have the ace card
well this was alot less theroy and alot more fact, sadly the mobile game market has been overrun by some of the worst makers of games for years now so at this point the whole market is kinda a lost cause, not saying that good mobile games don't exsist but its hard finding the gems among the burning garbage.
When are the fnaf operator varsity jackets coming back :),
The fake advert issue is something Google needs to address themselves as it ultimately loses them money. Why? Because it devalues advertising as a whole as consumers start to mistrust what they are being shown.   This in turn makes advertising less effective, thereby making companies less interested in using adverts in the first place and that means less money being paid to Google for their advertising services.   This is why organisatios like the FTC and the ASA exist since the undermining of consumer confidence in advertising has a detrimental effect upon the country's economy.
I actually knew a youtuber who was making a game and released a trailer for it. And someone stole his trailer and just changed the name of the game. The thing is, the actually gameplay was no where near similar to the youtuber. His name is Dani btw and the game that the person stole from him was Karlson 3D, or just Karlson. The name keeps on going back and fourth.
There’s a bunch of mobile game ads where they claim you can win REAL MONEY by playing the game. And then show people telling this is true and how much money they won. How is this legal? WTF.
let me sum up: yes. the authority just have bigger threats to deal with.
I deliberately avoid any product whose advertising is aggressive enough to annoy me. just out of spite.
Lily garden aren't ads they are a Netflix show
I actually enjoy homescapes but I downloaded it after seeing an ad that actually shows the game long ago.
I love how the purpose of the ad was to spread awareness about their game and that's technically what happened at this point, but definitely not the way they intended.  Instead it came to a point where I have sadly wasted my brain cells to inadvertently memorise almost all the ads and little 'gameplay' features it has. 😑
But you said that they only care if it causes HEALTH or MONEY damage to the user right? Well i lost 1 braincell that counts right?
Anyone else get the Campur thing ad,which have innapropiate ad?  How the hell YouTube Let this thing happen
This is EPIC
Bruh I got ad gor mobile game before this video started
That intro always get me hyped
some mobile games can even give you viruses
Kiss of War ad is horrible.
Games ad very cool lookin  the thing itself trash
But when u start a game u get ads when u install therefore is a violation of the law
*Matpat shows his arrows*  Me: Checks the description
I wish only good companys remain on the app store for example battle cats a game thats owned by PONOS a company that is the exact polar opposite of *EA*
Mercy wings
Okay but has anyone else noticed that in kids content, like animation shows etc, the ads are super sexual. It’s super disturbing. I did report one of them but nothing happpenes. Low-key think YouTube will have a lawsuit on their hands soon
The fact that you guys who pay for mobile games and make it worth more than half of the console and pc gaming markets combined makes me sad to be a gamer now.
Wait! you have 3 channels right? You have the food,film and this channel. but you have one more in the colours! what is the other one?
Your basiccly saying ads are anoying
Surprised that you made this theory based from the worst ads ever.
i hate them they say that there betetr than pc games but their baddr then trash becose trash can be reused
Btw why did yt axept it bruh
I remember YouTube getting rid of annotations when I was in middle school
remember when mobile game ads were like the clash of clans commercials you would see, the animated 3d ads they actually invested in
Lily's garden ads don't even show any game, they just show a story. A really confusing, long and messy story.
me as he listens to mat talking" the FTC is now getting readdy to do something about these long trashy scam ups  me when the video ends hearing mat pat say the FTC doesnt care and also realising it never did" -_- love the internets rules..
What really bugs me about the ads is how they play with stupid mistakes that frustrate me to want to play it the right way.
Alyssa: "long enough to get to level 965." Me: *Sweats at level 6000 odd*
Sometimes I actually download it just to prove how utterly stupid they are.
epic
The puzzles in Homescapes come up really often actually!
Best part is that what you see in those Ads is usually somewhere in the game, but it's such a tiny bit of the game that it might as well not be there at all. So there goes that false advertisement claim.
I know an ad I fail and uh oh I have 0 iq
Yes, finally someone who said it!
Thats one anime opening that will be spoken in the 5 best anime op by watchmojo
My mom went 6752 level
I feel like Matt got turned down from a mobile game sponsorship
Finally we have this.
Bob's World. This App used Footage of the Original Super Mario Bros. for the App just to end it with a Picture of a Horrible designed Copy of it with a Baby-Mario Character on it.
i got an ad of voodoo doll *Ironic*
Hello internet welcome to internet theory, Or should I say Scamming games exposing
Extra for you! Gardenscapes used to actually give you good ads that didn’t mislead you. They used to tell you that you actually upgraded a garden from bad to good.
WOW
Most mobile games: steal trailers or just lie  Dragalia Lost: anime ad that is actually made by the producers of the game (been playing F2P since a month after launch and yet I have good stuff other gatcha/mobile games lock behind pay2win walls). Guess who made that one? The same people making another good game, CyGames
Though, it is a thing you only fall once for really. Post that, it just gets annoying.
#7 on trending
there was a ad for a game and the x button was so small
Have anyone seen the ads with MMD animations but it had nothing to do with the game🤔 always felt a bit sus about them.
The only mobile games I've been satisfied with are Raid Shadow Legends and Darkness Rising, because I got what I expected to get
Is the intro new or have i just not seen it "i know one thing it is epic"
I remember once a Raid Shadow Legends add had a fake X to close the add. How cheap can you get.
How to play mobile games that are actually pretty good but are filled with ads without turning your phone's wifi off: Just use Lucky Patcher
Mobile games are like the 25 cent rolls of toilet paper you buy.  Just spend the money on the real thing and get a PC or platform system.  Mobile games are a joke, and you NEVER win
I think taking ads and gameplay from others, and using it as an ad for your own game, though it's really different shouldn't be legal, because not only do you mislead, but you even steal something from others, making it copyrighted
Did you know, MatPat, that I have seen a add that is a rip-off game of Minecraft but the adds that is shown is a direct gameplay of the real Minecraft! 💢💢😤😠  How dare they make fun of Minecraft! 🤬
The romance was described with three worda not one
Is there a game that is actually like the Hero Wars ads?
Yo I know this ain’t in the theme of the video but the way you made the first episode of Fnaf still gets me scared
everybody gangsta until "that's just a theory"
I knew these ads was too good to be true. In fact those puzzle adventure (only animations) games don't make sense.
Remember when harden scapes actually had well thought out ads?
I'd like game theory to do an episode on bugsnax or pikmin
Better question is why don't they just make this game they use for the ads if it is so interesting to people ...?
Cockroaches also get wings.  Noone likes it, but it still happens.  This is mobile gaming.
*danny gonzales intensifies*
We only need the blue in the logo
you know its rlly bad when roblox ads are better than these adds
ill be honset out of evry singel ad that has come out during 2020 and 2021 their was tbh really only 1 game i felt did justice for its product, guardian tales. Its a super fun game to say the least, and the so called "gems" in the game can be easily gotten in under 10-20 mins. the game even gives u a reward if u get unlucky with the miledge shop, where if u reach 300 failure of things not summening the way you want, you can choose that 6 star hero/wepon you wanted.
If your score is 220 , you're legally skilled!
I fell for a mobile game ad ONCE, when I was a kid. The game was this real-time strategy tile-based game, I think it was called Invasion. It was pretty fun and I actually met some friends I have today there but the ad was *super* misleading and actually portrayed an FPS.
Wow, you changed the intro colors thats actually neat! (Unless me being blind is the reason why I prob never noticed it until now)
This video is behind it's time.
Me during the intro :🎶🎶🎶
I thought those barrier ads where like that because it made the user go "oh, I can solve that. I'll download it"
It's funny. I thought Gardenscapes actually had a decent story when I used to play it. It was heartwarming, if not a bit silly. Imo it's one of those rare instances that the game itself is better than the ads that represents it. The ads don't do it justice, and that's the sad part. Edit: Lmao Alyssa was lucky. I stopped playing GS at over level 2000 and never got those minigames xD
11:17 markiplier isn't real?
Gardenscapes and homescapes’ ads are banned in the UK for being miss misleading lmao
I actually play banished from time to time... Calming? CALMING? Matt. You are one of my favorite youtubers... that game ain't calming. Its nerve wracking. Specially when your population starts dying in mass. Despite no reason for them to... I lost my bloody mind playing it...
epic?
Who else got them ads while watching this?
See this video EPIC
The worst ones are the ones with the fake X to redirect you to the store to buy it.
So couldn’t we all just sue them for false advertising I mean if someone could sue Red Bull for not getting wings then surly we can
Oh god, Youtube annotation... is this what it's like to feel old
If I see another live action warpath ad I'm going to explode
Problem is they are based somewhere it is legal
In advance, I don't know if they got permishion or sommething, or who made the app, or how the app realy funktiones, but my Fake Game radars, always beeps when i see them. And sorry for the bad Ingles gramar.  I Just wanted to say, they are not only stealing footage from other games, but they altso steal footage from youtubers, I believe. I have seen the type of "Minecraft PE" mods, use footage from a youtube channel, one is called aphmau (I dont have knolage of other youtubers videofootage being stolen), and I have seen the videos the footage is from, and or recognise the voices or names. An example is a sort of raft mod, taking footage from one of the raft videos I do.
Other FTC action is advertising to children, because children don’t understand when they are being advertised to or understand in app purchases.
Almost every mobile ad is cap and bad
6:19 I love this joke
I am a victim of gardenscapes, I downloaded it only for those puzzles and played it for like 2 hours and got none. Uninstalled.
Do a theory about raid shadow legends
Great video but Alyssa played garden scapes early so the monogamy update isn't there until somewhere in July of 2020. Also any download links for Epic?
Do you guys have Lego brickheadz of your selves
It's the same for those territorial games. Like that one zombie survival game where it's basically a copy of another game.
Lazy Game Productions: exists* Lazy Game Reviews: "It's Showtime"
I got an add for three kingdoms tactics and warpath (I have no idea what they are) while watching the video.
This is why i check the game’s picture where i know what kind of game it is
Reminds me of con men who always keep their schemes under a given dollar value so the cops won’t target them.
I miss the SUPER AMAZING CARD TOURNAMENT.
I miss the SUPER AMAZING CARD TOURNAMENT.
Am i strange for liking homescapes for what he actually is and not for the ad?
Game Theory, can y'all make more of these type of videos when it comes to signal-boosting things from around the internet? Crow 64 was my personal favourite video in years and I enjoyed this particular video because it covers something that you guys seem to understand a lot of, legalities and regulation, which is great because I don't feel the need to cite any information in case it is false.   Hope everyone is enjoying the upcoming Easter holidays!
Make a video about Ranboo
Mobile Legends: *sweating*
I prefer the ad for EPIC over the ads that are like I just can't pass this level and its like you need to pull a lever
This is what I've been waiting for
But isn't there a huge legal difference between ads that steal footage or assets from other games and ads that create their own misleading animations? The former breaks copyright, correct? Are those types at least higher on the FTC radar?
Dd
The ads are dud form fnaf ucn because wth
Those greedy mobile game company are what makes mobile game gamers looks bad
Okay for all the people who has A cheat Version of the misleading app Whats it like Not having To wait lives or in game money
K but the religion evolution isn’t real. So I’d prolly use a different bit there issok
Hey heros inc is not scam mostly ya just merg junk into a human
I hate when you get an ad about "fortnite" or "among us", and you click, and you have to get a survey, it reminded me of the "unlimited gems in clash royale"
Jesus Christ whamen!   lv 965, are you mental!  What are your tastes!  Do you eat garlic bread plane or something!     2:37
I think this is especially worse in cases like quite a few "monster-catching" ads that literally steal sprites from Pokemon and don't use their own!  There's a very fine line between misleading info and outright theft.
Why I never understood why mobile games took to this stupid memey advertising... cloning these stupid game elements then trying to shoehorn it into an already existing game.  I used to be playing Gardenscape and thought it was nice, but the they jumped on the obvious puzzle advertising bandwagon I lost all interest in it.
I literally got an ad of just one of those games on this video. Seriously youtube?
Nice intro
Let's be fair, the Parody Ad from the intro is pretty much how ads used to be back in the day when Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja were popular.
i keep getting ads  for a game called Hero Wars, they are a lot like ads for Episode, Gardenscapes and some other puzzle games, I looked into it, it's more of a turn-based RPG of sorts
The ads that your video mention in the first few minutes are really annoying (sigh). Especially considering those are sponsored by the Chinese mobile gaming company...
That was really interesting. I'm glad someone finally spoke about it.
Opens a video on YouTube. Double ad starts playing. Notices there’s “Dynasty” in the name of the app. *Oh no-* Ad starts, features a woman on the floor- *Moaning* “Kill her” “Help her” Realizes headphones aren’t connected and phone is at max volume. *skip ads* Everyone who heard the ad stares at me. Installs ad-blocker.
I literally got an ad for a mobile game called "Rise of Empires: Ice and Fire" where the ad is literally just TABS gameplay
Lily’s Garden ads should have an exception they’ve made an entire cinematic universe with actual lore
I remember Gardenscapes from a long time ago and I can assure you, their adverts were NOT like this back then.
nobody: matpat: *E P I C*
7:05 Darn it matpat, I still have annotations working, and I thought you managed to get one through old servers. Well, I've been bamboozled!
They may not be illegal but the ads for them sure as hell should be
EPIC!!!!!!
He just described me with ads in the opening credits😂😂😂
I used to play Gardenscapes, BEFORE the obnoxious adverts. I got bored at around level 100, and left.
The rustic fisherman lately invite because liquor behaviorally polish circa a needless thread. unaccountable, onerous chair
I’ve played Homescapes long enough to to be level 37 and I got the mini game 3 times  AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA GET DUNKED ON
I literally got an add like what he discusses
*Epik*
Okay but without these ads we never would have gotten the golden "That's How Mafia Works" ads/memes
People who are those mobile are start give ther money to those fake games.
The 1.2K Dislikes are from Lazy Mobile Game Productions.
8:51 why did you  put that in... Fnaf flashbacks dangit haha If anyone dosent know its the tapes...kinda (KINDA) sound the same
Uhhhhhhhh WELL those games are useless and I think u should play mcpe or roblox I suggest these two
im the uk and i still get the gardescapes ads and i dont get the notification thing
Why dont people just click "stop seeing this add" on the add to not see it again
Me how’s in the uk be like yes sir
I've played Homescapes for a long time before I saw those ads, and if they bothered to put real gameplay they'd do much better.
The advertising guidelines in the United States are outrageous and unfortunately effect everyone around the world due to a large number of companies based there.
"Are your mobile game ads illegal?"  You think!?
Thank god actions has been done
Am I the only one sick to death of tile matching games
Never seen you in a while..
The upset riddle scientifically blot because drink scully present until a witty millimeter. charming, naughty grandson
The video image makes me think of one thing and one thing only. Idk why, but has anybody heard of…      …CBT
I cant believe I'm old enough to know whats an annotation...
literally no one: that one puzzle: ads: *THIS GAME IS VERY UNBELIEVABLY DIFFICULT AND 1% OF THE PEOPLE CAN SOLVE THIS!* us who has the braincells:  . . . . .they're just convincing us to know us people who have the braincells are better on playing this game x -x
Hi can you do a forinte store video
You remind me about among us fan art vs real game
its sad bycouse some mobile games are really good but now when some one say mobile games every one think about this games
I absolutely despise ads from Mobile Legends since it's almost always misleading and they're just showing off ads that don't show gameplay......
When I clicked on this video, and was looking at something else on my screen, I thought it was an ad in the beginning, but it was not, haha.
The game intro sounds UNREAL with my dual speakers
That's how mafia works
Bowmasters is also really bad for thos
fortnite theory
Finally,ending the miserable cringe.
Views of this channel without MatPat: 100k views Same video but with MatPat: 100 TRILLION VIEWS
The one with the balding man, is called gardenscapes.. and, the minigame does exist about every 200lvls.   What makes me stay away from the most games are how stupid deaths or whatever the ad shows. . why i even tried garden was because someone else told me about the game. But after a wile it was like the most of them, repeatable dung..   Btw, as long the game has the minigame as in the ad once. It goes into "we didn't lie entirely", that's how they make it through.
"You wont last 5 minutes playing this game"
fortnite  fortnite fortnite now!!!!!!
Thank God I had ad blocker here and with my rooted youtube version
Does anyone notice of that he is using the same as the emoji movie OK that's 948 I am men 940 The 930 Using the same as what youse for the of mog movie
Genshin impact is literally the only mobile game i know that doesnt do any misleading or false advertising.
omg "ruining your childhood since 2011"  *indeed*
Lol I just got an mobile game ad😂
I bet the world gets climat-neutral before fake advertisements disappear ಠ_ಠ
ok but who thinks we should get a theory to do with genshin impact
I hope epic doesn't mean the other thing 😂😂
And that, my friend, is the art of, something we call "clickbait"
Noooooo!!!! This makes me upset
Matt sed that YouTubers use 2 red arrows. I watched the next video and there were 2 red arrows.
I review the games and i want to say all of this is true.
Do the theorist channels have a new schedule?
-aggresive thinking of what to comment-                   so anyway these ads be illegal in our country so i cant even relate wheeze
"see this video? EPIK!"
oh my brother downloaded one of those games all it was was candy crush style game
Just curious but when they steal assets from another game why don't the actual developers go after them I have seen one forgot what it's called but its clearly heros of might and magic 3 and another had the boomer from left 4 dead but they never seem to go anywhere.
State of Survival is actually a nice game tho.  *No, I’m not a power player! It can’t be true!*
Thank you! Finally, someone speaking up!
Chinese companies ripping off other games, why am I not surprised.
Bad dev 1: Hey, I dunno what to make Bad dev 2: Lets copy candy crush Bad dev 1: No one would buy it! Bad dev 2: Well, they would Bad dev 1: How?  Bad dev 2: The secret ingredient is -crime- -misleading ads- crime.
Hey I found a add dat literally rip-offed aphmau's video on among mod for minecraft
Lilly's Garden ads have been popping up and they have a very inappropriate tone to it and I know that the game is like Gardenscapes and all. I just don't get how some people think that any app with an inappropriate ad would grab someone's attention.
I remember
time to set up PiHole i guess...
The icky home extraorally explain because verdict phongsaly examine along a fanatical hose. absorbed, unusual bridge
If you are a mobile gamer you should actually get a job :|
*In legalese, it ain't called being "persecuted" but "prosecuted"... ya young Steve Jobs-looking fudder mucker!*
Welp this is how fake ads work
MatPat, I would never lie
I was reading a post and it aluded to the fact that Evan might be the cringing child's  (cc) name useing the new book black bird so please check it out.It did not specify what you need to look for but I just know you can figure it out.  I love your content it ois very smart and has taught me a lot of things.  Of and also just for fun I would recommend waching some of the word gach life afton family vids as they can be pretty cringe and good. Thank you for reqding
Make a theory about fnaf security breach
12:45 prosecute* not persecute
I like when the old days that mobile games is actually a thing and some of them better than PC games
*Evolution is one giant, satanic & completely pseudoscientific lie!*
as a guy who, in his childhood, played gardenscapes and homescapes before they made these ads, the games were pretty ok, but at one point they made it so you had to pay to play the rest of the game, you can imagine my mom not being a fan of that, and later when i saw these ads, i really wanted to know what was happening as ivé played these games before.  now seeing the game again i realise, the game was never fun to begin with.
Okay that's epic
Only 1% can like this video 💀💀 hardest challenge ever
Do an FNF Theory :D
Too bad the only games banned here in the Netherlands are mobile games with lootboxes as they promote ‘gambling’ Government, explain to me why pokémon duel was banned here, but gacha games can still be played. They’re essentially the exact same damn game (I love gacha games, but I’m F2P so the gacha part of the game doesn’t really impact me)
I'm really not so worried about the false advertising as the advertising that is blatantly s**ual. And before anyone says it, no my browser history is clean and I still get those ads, even on new accounts with no link.
Is no one going to talk about how some of these ads that Mat talked about are getting away with plagiarism?
2:45 HA my mom is on lvl 36XX
8:36 I like how it's frickin Scribblenauts
In one of the mobile games I play, there was a bunch of ads some months ago, that flagrantly broke the gambling laws in my country – the laws are basically that all gambling with real money are government supervised and there must be a message at the bottom about how to get help for a gambling addiction. The ad for the gambling app had neither. That’s probably the worst ad I’ve seen as of yet.
I'm pretty sure the big problem is that those ads are international, everyone gets them from the US, to Germany, from there to Russia, so the FTC can't do much about them, that's why the ads just need to declare that "not all images are included in gameplay" we need some organisation that looks into the international stuff
Lets all agree that brawl stars is the best mobile game as of rn ik the game is kinda p2w but ya know at least they spend hours animations for adds which is like pretty good so yeah in my opinion
Grammar 100%
Then where is the game dev that will create a similar game to what the people want? They could be making money  of this.
but if they steal footage from another game, wont that fall under copyright?
I’ve been wondering this for so long, like how do all these mobile games get away with BLATANT false advertisement🙃🙃 thanks for explaining haha x
best video on this channel
so what about RAID SHADOW LEGENDS cause i never played the game and don't know if the ADS are misleading
That's my love/hate relationship with sonic dash. on one hand, an arcade-style 3d sonic game is really cool (i consider it a roguelite of sorts) on the other there's simulated gambling, ads crammed everywhere that sometimes crash the game, and a lot of anti-consumerism, that i hope has been reworked since i last played. That's one place where I understand adults when it comes to fear of videogames.
Ads are cringe
did anyone notice the rick and morty reference at the start?
But when UK
I hope anyone who reads this comment has a blessing coming their way 💪💯❤️
I would also like to mention the inbreeding in the mobile add industry that copy each other ower and ower again
While the add was well done, you forgot the green screen person doing actions that have no correlation whatsoever and speaks English like they just got off the wooden door
I always saw a game ads that stole yotube videos
Okay so I want to point out I’m only 52 seconds in and I already feel like this intro is directed at me cause I’ve been in that situation before 😂😂😂
All the false advertisements and scams are getting out of hand lately.
Can you ATLEAST try and do a breakdown of Fnaf Security breach...
When I saw the first five seconds of the video I was like clickbateeeeeeeeee
and also heros war is also a misleading ads in your pc
In a small country in central Europe, where marketing is somewhat scarce, we only receive Hero Wars ads, which is how I knew what this video is about. They've been throwing in all sorts of ads beyond the "pull the key" puzzles, including a fully animated, voiced cinematic trailer that has character art akin to League of Legends and has absolutely nothing to do with anything previously shown. I wonder if that's a clip they ripped off of some actual game too.
Next channel book theory
Being stupid enough to fall for these should be illegal
The game that does not fake their games is the creators of dragon city
****
Them games that promise you money and stops working as soon as youre gettin any money prize.
Same but not just ad but video
Dogs may be stronger but cats are better 😁😁😁
Thank you for saying something About these  ads  Its frustrating to see how easy the games are
Lil mac made me happy:)
*(waiting ever so patiently for that bottom-right corner of the logo to turn blue)....*
Me with my youtube premium: I see no god up here... Other than me
💞If you are reading this comment:💞BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000💞💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Mark seeing 11:19: "B**ch I ain't no Oliver Stevens, I'm me, I'm Markiplier"
If an ad is misleading and it leads people to a game wich has ANY amount of gambling you could have a decent shot t getting a successful complaint
can you please do a theory on scrap mechanic?
That's why I stopped playing games on my mobile device entirely. They are all just a bunch of crushed dreams and broken promises at this point.
I WANTED THIS VIDEO FROM SO MANY YEARS.
Dude that’s so sad they used Banished gameplay in an ad, seriously that game is probably one of my favorite games of all time and I’ve dumped like 500+ hours in it. People who make these games are awful.
Any school or college students watching here ❤️❤️
which is why i use ad blocker :D
7:07 yoo sneaky thatcybernet channel cameo
My moms level in g Gardenescape is 967 I think 😂 Edit: FINALLY SOMEBODY TALK ABOUT THIS
Can we all just agree that spercell ads are the best......
Another time do an explanation for all these super mario mobile rip offs
Introducing a game which is Epic and not at the same time
Eh, I liked Bejeweled
That first guy given off jerry vibes ngl
what about games that promise cash winnings but throttle your earnings just before the threshold payout and by the time you figure this out the devs got money over the hundreds of ads you watched for promises of better rewards
WHO IS THE CUTOUT STOCK PHOTO MAN IN EVERY MATPAT'S VIDEO
Here's an idea how about WE just find the people who made fake ad and send to jail and smash they're computer and problem solve
0:42 I'm sensing a Rick and Morty reference
wait is this ment to ne in game theory or film theory or did u just choose one
0% can complete this puzzle!?!?!? The puzzle: 1+2= 5 !?!?!
Ninja Arashi 1 and 2, Grim Quest, Day R Survival...just a couple gems for those weary of searching good mobile games...
Pls do little nightmares theories :(
That ad at the start of the video was....... *EPIC*
This video is EPIC
I think odd1sout talked abt this
Game theory intro=EPIC
That intro was epic
Omg thank you for doing this mat pat even though the ads wont stop I feel better knowing every person on earth hates the  ahem "games where you can do ANYTHING"
The stupid thing is that garden scapes is actually a pretty fun game.
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME FIND A GAME THAT IS JUST THOSE SLIDING BAR PUZZLES
Every time i see these playing puzzle can increase your iq thing just made me lost braincells
ITS better at England
And not all images that you see on playstore represent actual  gameplay
Voodoo is the worst
if some one is sponsored by dragon city they use old clips and a mobile game uses roblox piggy to advertise the game
7:23 I call BS
What's the point of advertising the 'sidequest games' whilst the true intent of the advertisement is to show the base game and what to expect? It's like advertising the actress in an advertisement instead of advertising the product being advertised!
I thought this was gonna be about gacha games
GUYS    Power Player vs Gamer
F i was tricked i downloaded one of them
i have once seen a mobile game ad that took one of danis videos and was for a among us copy
My mom literally refuses to give me food because she's playing gardenscapes
I like how everyone here just owns a Pixel
THANK YOU!! I’VE BEEN THINKING THIS AND I’M GLAD SOMEONE FINALLY SAID IT LOL
This is why i hate mobile ads who needs to make the ads good when you make it intentional bad to get the same reward
I ones saw an ad for a mobile game that not only used footage from the dreadnought trailer but also used part of a youtubers video as a voice over
I got a mobile legends ad while watching this video Mobile legends ads are so cringy, misleading and low quality wild rift's ads is 100x better than ml
Eve Echoes which is the mobile version of Eve online.... Had a misleading ad too
what bothers me more than them being blatantly misleading is that they're stealing something created for something else a lot of the time. if your video can get copyright claimed for a 5-second clip of a song, how do these ads with stolen video get approved to be hosted???
Awww yeah. Now we're cooking with gas! Wading into the exploitative mobile gaming swamp! I'll get the edge of my seat polished up.
I've seen these STUPID ads before but now all games do this. I just get a bit offended when  people address ALL Mobile games as bad            THERE ARE some great Mobile games try SHADOW FIGHT ARENA a REAL TIME pvp game, has a bit of problem but lives up to its trailer and name
Is anyone old enough to remember annotations? That was like, 4 or 5 years ago. Were talking about 2016 youtube, not 80's sitcoms Mat.
Lol
Lol
Lol
If the FTC would care more if it comcerns consumers health, then someone has to take one for the team and make the headlines of "Gamer in a Coma from Disappointment after being Tricked by Misleading Mobile Game Ad"
🔴🟠🟢🟡 🟥🟧🟩🟨 solve it :)
Honestly, where did the integrity go? Why can't game companies just sell what they produce instead of advertising what gets the most clicks and money?
12:38 You should better call Saul
Anyone Else Saw Saul Goodman?
i dont know why youtube removed those cards. it helped with things like written commentary on console games as some people didn't have editing software. i remember playing xenoblade chronicles x and wanting to search up a good build. because it was a wii u game (yeah a hidden gem on the wii u), the videos i watched couldnt use anything like notepad on the screen so they did what was easiest - using those annotation things. it was very useful for explaining things and it didnt hurt the platform in any way, so there was no real reason for them to remove the cards
Remember when the mobile games were actually good? Cut the rope my beloved, now it's full of ads bruh they kinda ruined it with them but it's still good
Fack yes get exposd mobail ads
8:42 Ah yes, Japanese/Chinese Gacha games
Those things and people are Highly worthy to be Cancelled
Recently been getting an add for a game called evertale. But the add looks like a pokemon.exe creepypasta. The actual gameplay looks nothing like that.
They should be illegal all of the mobile apps have the best ads but the game is an ad simulator
The new game ads are pretty 18+. And yt allow it. Algorithm moment
2:49 my mom is on level 4983 and never got a single nightmare....
One of these kind of ads I saw just ripped Let's Go Pikachu and Eevee's Trailer and slapped their logo on it
Short answer: Yes but the government doesn’t care
When you were talking about your A-B Testing, I was hoping you would belt out a "Super Amazing End Card Tournament" at the top of your lungs. You know, for old times sake.
these games are so dumb
Ok, stop reading my mind. This video was uploaded not long after thinking about this exact question.
https://youtu.be/3GSH7AuoHfs
I gotta ask the fazbear fright book
Man remember Youtube clickbait videos thought nothing is worse than that? That didn't aged very well..
I hope they are, so I can stop seeing them
I miss annotations.. oh boy makes me old
I play Minecraft, Terraria, Stardew valley and Soul Knight (I know all of these has pc counterparts but still )      I'm sure those games are legal
I remember seeing gardenscapes/homescapes ads that actually showed real gameplay footage. Those were wild times.
May pay needs a blue channel
I See Ads Like This All The Time
This is the reason I gave up on mobile games completely - if you can even call them games. Too hard to find the 1% of good games
My mum does and fishdume
All the dislikes are from the mobile game ad developers
I literally got a garden scapes add on this video
let this be the spark to end all annoying phone game ads
Banished, me putting that in my notes
On the topic of ads, i once decided to watch youtube on my school google account (wich has a clean watch history) and got a uncensored breast feeding ad
Did you actually watch Gardenscapes for that
Ad:*exsist* Matpat:peace was not an choice
Here is how you get downloads send someone out to go around punching people in the crotch and give them a card now whenever they see the person around they will be scared as they don't want it to happen again so they get the game  Example: *thud**thud*thud* what are you do-*crack* ooooooowwwwww Next day Nononono I got the game I got the game
All mobile game ADS in a nutshell:
Alot of mobile games suck But i know One that doesnt     Roblox doesnt.
The Epic of Stew cameo was something I didn't know I needed.
"101% of the people cannot beat this task"   Task: breathe
I scam people in Adopt Me and I can tell they are the domination of mobile users
0:32 WOW THAT WAS REALLY COOL
Nobody; Ads; I can’t solve the puzzle The puzzle; 🏰🐃🔫  Stupid people; oh no, I have to pay £3 for a hint
Fool I was born in 2010!
This video doesn't even need to exist, everyone knows it's illegal to expose consumers' eyes to this level of torture.
The most irritating thing of the Ads is the small x and when you try to press the it takes you to the play store or app store
There is a game that has those puzzles that games show on the ads and they are not random the WHOLE game is those minigames FINNALY a company that doesn't scam us!!!! And 0:48 nice doll springtrap
13 hours ago, yes, also do a game theory on school systems not actually depending on how smart you are, the game of the thinking like teahcer
Dang now there will be double adds
I’m pretty sure one game was just a ripoff of Mario Bros, and the ad stole a segment of a video from Youtuber Level-UP
EpIc
And then you have Pokémon clones using footage from Pokémon games.
MAFIA CITY ADDS 🤚😌
At this point game theory is just that friend that tells you a crazy idea that kind of makes sense and he's like wait hear me out and you actually listen
me not seeing game theory in 2 years.  Also me ooooo Mobile games   Me realizing it's 2am because I have been spending the night watching the game theory episodes i missed
A good platform like YouTube needs good people like you MatPat. Keep going, love from India.
dude i remember 1 game ad that just pure sexual
A game took FH4 footage. The game is called hashyira drift or something like that. It makes me mad
then its up to the Mobile stores to enforce the law. or the community. or a bullet to the company CEO.
A game named warpath is going in this path
You left out the ads that claim they’ll put money in your PayPal if you play it
Yes, these game ads outright steal youtube videos and brand it as if it was them playing their game.
Yes, these game ads outright steal youtube videos and brand it as if it was them playing their game.
So, in other words; Yes, they are entirely illegal, but nobody with the power to punish them gives two hoots of a rat's wangus. It doesn't effect the wealthy and the concept of mental health is foreign to the controlling bodies.
if the the games had the exact gameply as the ads i would actually play them im looking at you lords mobile
Good old PlantsVSZombies
0:50 - 1:05 is possibly the cleanest game theory intro I’ve ever seen. Good job!
This is a theory I really needed
This is not a theory, this is straight up facts
I can’t believe you mentioned convergent evolution without bringing up crabs
i saw such an add here in germany. But i was actually ,ooking for some kind of trashy game, so i downloaded it. The actual game was  100% different, but way better. Interesting coombat system with units which you and your opponent place on the bord, one unit per turn, with elements from chess and a bit of those games where you collect your heroes which then start to fight. but since i wasn't looking for one of these games where i would spend hours a day, i uninstalled it. lel. if it would have been as bad as the add told me, i would have played it.
When this topic comes up I always remember the game called Immortal Blade that advertised itself using God of War footage (as in the 2018 God of War). Like how dumb do you think people are? If they were so set on stealing footage from other games they should have at least picked a lot less popular game.  The game has been taken down from Play Store quite some time ago but I don't whether the developers got sued.  Also I am fairly sure that Gardenscapes and Homescapes didn't have those as seen in ads minigames in them untill after they got in trouble in UK.
This was veary E P I C
Right when you are talking about them guess what interrupted the video
Mobile game ads alternative title:fake content for people to spent cash on their game
Really miss the old times when mobile games ads are legit footage/gameplay grom the game in 2010.
Any yall remember when mobile games felt like the devs actually cared about what they were making?
When watching this video just saw that but it was it one of those that you were talking about they actually talked about the game but The footage is in real life so I guess it just better
I saw a game add that literally stole game play footage from red dead 2 and marketed it as their own that turned out to be a city builder
I literally refuse to consider any game whose ad's attempted lure is a ridiculously insulting fail state presented to make the viewer confident they can do better.  Interesting that I've missed out on being scammed by completely different game archetypes because of this :P
Imaginative mobile games haven’t existed since Epic Games retired from the mobile game market. I miss infinity blade a lot.
oNLy 1% cAN fINd tHe nExT lEttER The puzzle: A B C ?
Ah so they don't stop mobile game ads unless they affect your money and health. What about mental health? All those inappropriate ads are sure to pollute your brain!
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I would totally download computerpunk 2099
Idk bout you but the intro seemed to be epic.
The complete irony of getting a misleading mobile game ad in the middle of a video about misleading mobile game ads
That's how mafia works
Fine ill do it myself
Everyone should remember the Super Amazing End Card Tournament.
but then they are just fraud
see Arknights before play it: nah, it just a tower defence game with strategy.  after playing Arknights: BIG BRAIN STRATEGY
GardenScapes veteran here, I'm at level 3086, and I can confirm, only two or three of these logic puzzles... But I downloaded the game before the logic content was advertised. After I've seen a few adds run about the logic games in GardenScapes, the first three 'day changes' (in game) there was a bad dream. Besides that, no logic puzzle has rissen to the occasion.
Me as a genshin impact mobile player, watching the intro... Ha nerds!
They got banned like a while ago
I’m done with apps to many adds.
Exactly what i was thinking!.. this stuff has been going on for many months though, your kinda very majorly late to this topic...   PS: I play homescapes too and I was hooked into the game the same way although it is fair to say the adds are not to  very different from the games and only recently did they start incorporating those mini games into the main game, which is super addictive by the way!..
cause google store dont care as long as they get the money
0:33 think about Dani
9:35 top left corner stands youtube premium
„We cant ban thiese ads they are not mentaly assaulting you nor making you pay” Tell it to almost EVERY mobile gamer
that gardenscapes story tho
It wan't banned in the UK, I'm downloading it right now!
These ads kinda suck huh......    That’s why I play RISE OF KINGDOMS: DOWNLOAD TODAY
Evolution is fake. :3
Me who doesn't have games: I am 4 parallel universes ahead of you
Lol I got one mid way on this vary video
Not gonna lie. I love watching the Dr.Squatch soap ads.
A theory we really needed!
That intro tho
I didn't know I could play Dragon Awaken on Mobile -- granted I also never saw ads for it like that, I saw a "play - and get special daily rewards for a week including these ULTRA COOL WINGS" and I did play and got all those things ... and eventually got bored of the game and moved on lol
What, I just realised there is a mini springtrap in the game theory intro.
I missed the days when mobile games were actually good. Advertisement in games were reasonable. Ads were epic and they were actual gameplay.
Actually, I have been playing Homescapes on and off for over two years (yes, I have a problem. sue me) and those advertisements existed for several months before they even added the minigames. I might be wrong here, but I seem to recall hearing about a mini-scandal about these ads (maybe it was the ban in the UK, maybe it was something else, I wasn't invested enough to remember) before ever seeing one of those minigames, so I'm assuming they only really added them because they already got busted on a small scale for their business practices.
I thought the video is gonna start with: sponsored by raid shadow legends
if this vid gets 1milion likes ill catch matpats patrat
These ads arnt that bad, Snapchat ads are 70% worse
Also, at the beginning HOW DID THE DUDE NOT KNOW IT WAS FAKE! I mean, they literally have stock photos. (I know the beginning is meant to be a joke/example so don’t yell at me in replys)
How have we not risen up about the volume of Ads! Some will blow your eardrums out.
Ummm mat pat when i watched this video  there appeared an ad for world of minecraft that used an video from an youtuber.......
The U.S. State Department released its annual human rights report, claiming that genocide occurred in Iraq and the Kurdish region of Syria!
WHAT ABOUT CALL OF DUTY.
State of Survival ads are invading my phone
All of the dislikes on this video are from the game companies that are false advertising
The most illegel thing i only saw is game ads there just lying so they can get so much downloads but they cant trick me
my mom plays homescapes until 5429
Oof. That control theory applied to marketing is kinda scary. Makes me feel vulnurable.
Anyone remember the wheres my water, they saw that and were like how can we copy that but put it in our own words
Anyone else see the tiny springtrap in the intro
Youtube takes down a video because someone curses but puts an ad that’s literally a video on the hub to advertise an app.
Imagine making a good looking game for phones nowadays as your first game.  no one would ever believe the ads.
Now that I see mobile games are open season, you should talk about gacha games like Dokkan Battle and FGO
You should make Book Theory to fill your last space!
And now for something completely different:
Best mobile game is GENSHIN IMPACT thats it
https://youtu.be/Jwgf3wmiA04
Mobile games have a bad reputation because of games like this but there are actually well made games for phones like:  super cat bros 2, dadish , sword of xolan , soul knight , dan the man , soul chase, You just have to search a bit harder to find hidden gems like this in the sea of shovel-wear that is the games section of the appstore
Do it
Just cuz it's not federally persecuted, doesn't mean it should be tolerated. Especially when they use stolen footage and mislead people.
https://youtu.be/Jwgf3wmiA04
https://youtu.be/Jwgf3wmiA04
https://youtu.be/Jwgf3wmiA04
https://youtu.be/Jwgf3wmiA04
Cant even find a mobile version of Mojang without being flooded with ads
Anyone else gonna talk about the loser whisper from bfb 1
Epic,epic,epic,epic,epic
Can we take a minute to appreciate the intro
Aah thank you, ive actually been wondering about these dumb misleading ads :/
i pretty much played only ad less games for a few month and when i got back to added games i was like holy cow what happened
Thought this was a Danny Gonzala’s video
Cats are liquid will never die
New mobile game - you can do whatever you want sounds epic enough
greatest intro of all time
Lily's Garden is the OG of unrelated mobile game ads. However, there is a WHOLE STORY in the ads.
what will the last quarter of the “theorists” be? nobody knows
I have seen an add of same pokemon game with add of ARK SURVIVAL EVOLVED with pokemon mod
MatPat would you mind doing this same thing but with Keen Software House. I feel like Space Engineers is legit false advertising. As it is a purchased game.
Saul Goodman can and will solve this case for us
Garbage mobile game: 99.9% people can't play this  Good mobile game: pubgm,Call of duty Mobile
What is the name of the music of intro?
Coppa: one of you will betray me tonight  Misleading Content and ads: Is it me Jesus? Coppa: no Horrible content creators: is it me Jesus? Coppa: it’s not you either Good youtubers that do games etc: is it me Jesus? Coppa: iS iT mE jEsUs??
I got one of them ads while watching this
The only game that I ever downloaded because of an ad was Genshin Impact. Even now, the ads fail to disappoint, and I see more of it in some of the videos I watch. I hope other game companies follow in MiHoyo's footsteps.
I've also played Gardenscapes and Homescapes a while back, long before those weird ads showed up. If they didn't choose to show fake ads, I might have played the game again.
I wish annotations we're readded.. I miss them ;-;
to be honest if ads were based on actual gameplay and if they were unique i would not be mad or depressed
_L o s E r_
oh my god someone talked about it and why they existed. Jesus chrsit dude, feken knew it was illegal
I'm just extremely tired of all those "Hero Wars" ads on Youtube that show an entirely different game every time.
The only ads I like watching is World of Tanks ad. Like how they try to stop you from pressing the skip ad button.
You know what I think, you should cover the lord of the combat orientated game called Absolver! It’s a really interesting game, and it’s really fun to play if you love beating up your enemies.I believe that there is a deeper story here, the marked ones, the mask, the fold, Rysryn, I think it all ties in together. This is something that only Game Theory could solve, so I’ll leave it up to you
What they try to do i show a person playing who plays like an idiot and they lose its just pathetic what they are trying to do, I remember i tried to download sneak thief on my phone. I got 20 advertisements in 5 minutes and all of them said "shake phone to download" i was in my bed so yeah.
EPIC
I play both gardenscapes and Homescapes and am on like level 3,000 in both. I love both the games but hate how they make these terrible ads for them where they aren’t apart of the game what so ever
Its simple money
I just hate mobile games. But if you like DOOM, if your on apple get Xibalba, you’ll love it
this is epic
Mobile game in 2011-2015 : minecraft,clash of clans,Angry birds, and others Mobile game right now: steeling and click bait
What about the makers of games like Banished suing the mobile game makers who use their footage? Why isn't THAT a thing?
You guys should should totally make a video on little nightmares  👇Like if you agree
Man i remember when gardenscapes were good
Most of them are scams and full of ads
I like how I just got a mobile ad right before the vid started
Is there a reason why all the phones shown in the video are google phones ? Just curios.
I keep getting mobile game ads where they say they will give you real money how is that legal
capitalism breeds innovation -this
I just got a mobile game ad for Empire city game
Ad: You can't solve this word puzzle (choosing wrong answers only) Me: Could I get to the video now? YT: We have another Ad for you.
Not to mention most of the time they want VERY personal information. Such as your photos, gallery and media, your wifi connection information, your location and even your identity. All for one stupid mobile game. Lol
Hey,Matpat I think this idea is good? I don't know,but its like a theory competition I guess,like you choose a topic in any of the channels of the four/three (because one is a live channel) and a limited amount of time to guess a suiting theory and comment it and the winner is whoever is more accurate to yours or better? You can keep any rules and I know you're not gonna see it,but its a worth a shot!
I hate that some ads popped in my youtube while im goin to listen to my songs and more. The only ads i like is about anime game ads cuz their gameplay are true. But the other ads are like... rubbish for me.
And War Path stealing footage from Men of War Assualt Squad 2
Wow They act like criminals
what about the ads that steal footage from other games though? shouldn't that be completely illegal and warrant a lawsuit from the other game's studio? how are they getting away with THAT?
I actually find it very annoying, that those games still get bought, even tho they are pretty much trash. i hate some game developers
𝕞𝕠𝕞     𝕕𝕒𝕕 𓅓            𓅰
Shiny The Game
Someone:creats ad Me who just skipped the ads and muted the ad if it was unskip ad kinda thing: DID I STUTTER
i have only OG games on my phone
I missed the times when game ads actually showed actual gameplay...  ...And when the games were high quality...    ...And not clones
Just one thing:  Warpath's add vs Warpath's actual game.
are you playing mobile games?  me: all i have are mobile games
Another ingenius marketing strategy is to make the X button the size of a quark so you know you'll be sent to the app store if you miss
Imagine this concept - make games that are actually worth playing.
EPIC
It’s not a game theory, it’s an ad theory
This is why you click "not interested" or "block channel" on ANY video that has a thumbnail of a wide open mouth super surprised and shocked looks. If you block these channels the quality of content being recommended to you will rise over a short amount of time
I use Linux and got an ad for removing windows virus
I remember the annotations covering the screen and I couldn't see the video.
THANK YOU I WAS JUST WONDERING WHY THIS HAPPENS ALL THE TIME 😭😭
mobile ad games 🤝Morgz both clickbait
Me: Time to go to bed Also Me: Oh there's a new game theory Still me: welp time to watch it!
Meanwhile me, with discord only:
Annotations were superior
I miss the old days with good apps like Angry Birds, Clash of Clans, and other apps. Now it's misleading garbage.
I saw this ad where there there people puting their and is THEIR PHONE PLAYEING WITH SLIME but you have to pay a subscription to play it🤬
I got a Rise of Kingdoms ad in a video talking about whether or not the games on my phone are legal.
Pretty relatable.
Haven't seen the game Thursdays video in a while glad this is my first back
Gosh I love the intro
I fear no man, but that thing 6:14... It scares me      (Flashbacks to TF2 vs. Overwatch)
I am currently. Watching this at 1 in the morning
What about the law against BAIT & SWITCH? These Mobile Ads are pretty much Bait & Switch because they lure people in with advertisement of false product and then try to sell them something else.
Yourube Vanced go brrrrrr
Game: YoU CaN’T SoLVe ThIs!! The puzzle: 1+4
Ads nowadays are just playing the poking the stick game. They try to anger us enough with an easy puzzle the add keep on failing, until we decide to pull a Thanos and say   *Fine, I'll do it myself*
Who's the guy at 32 seconds in?
This is no longer a theory channel. Its just a game discussion channel
Age of empires
We are out of the age of information and now in the age of attention.
Yea those type of ads annoy me very much.
Is there any possible theories for Friday Night Funkin’?
And this, my friends is why I got YouTube premium. (Technically still on the one month trial but the trial hasn’t ended yet so... hey I’m not complaining)
game theory game theory: the 4th quadrant is book theory
But they use a thing so when ever try to click on the exist i come to install the game and those u need to wait or click on it so u can exist 😑😑😑
2:48 pffft thats rookie numbers. my mom has reached over level 6000. yes. over six thousand levels.
Not a big change... but babysteps? I guess? It's a crazy world out there friends. Be kind to each other. Don't lie. MatPat starting with fake ads and then giving life lessons... Gotta love this guy!
Can’t wait for Activision/King to claim the 3 seconds of Candy Crush. ._.
finally something real and useful
Mobile game ads: Only 0.003% can solve this!!!!1!!!1!1111!!  The thing to solve: Yout_be (Hint: u)
I got a Dr. Squatch deodorant ad starting the video, and a Dr. Squatch soap ad ending the video XDDDDD
Also   Ad:Play Lords Mobile  Me playing Plants vs Zombies:No I don't think I will
EPIC!!!!!!!!
What about the plagiarism what was shown at the start of the video?
Thank you
0:30-0:36 the best line ever
Mat: welcome to a world where everything is epic.  Me: yes, it's all epic  Also Mat: EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC   also me: ok... this is getting a little annoying.   Me after Mat stops: oooo I get it, it's like one of those stupid game ads
How ironic i just got ads from mobile legends while watching this
How ironic i just got ads from mobile legends while watching this
Scenario of average ad: Puzzle: 1 + 1 = Guy: 3 *_WRONG_* Guy: 3 *_WRONG_* Guy: 3 *_WRONG_* Guy: 3 *_WRONG_* Text pops up: *MATH GAME* Impossible Puzzle 7 second wait X appears
Roblox?
I doubt it is, but you'll have to cut off my cold dead hands if you want to take Sky: Children of The Light away from me lmfaoo
This ads should be illegal :I
Of course I remember annotations. Give me some credit MatPat
Would be cool to have adblock for smartphones like we have for our browsers on pc.
Haha, is that markiplier's face as the fake profile? cuz that's pretty funny.
A game I once played had a 1 dollar gem pack with stuff and then changed it to be a $100 off deal that no body could resist and it had a limit in the world of how many times it could be bought and it sold 10,000 quick and they reset it once so they could make more cash then took it down
Matapat dropping trade secrets for your utube channel 😏, huh
Ahh yes someone who can talk about mobile adds
I have seen an ad that took a yt channel game and i played it and its  Not like the ad (the ad is aphmau among us minecraft)
wasnt really paying attention when the video started so i literally thought it was an ad playing at first
My dad's level is 1000+ and he spends money in gardenscapes bruh
My dad's level is 1000+ and he spends money in gardenscapes bruh
There is a company that stole a video of Iggy Plajer, a serbian Youtuber and used it to advertise some kind of Ark Survival Evolved rip off by using Iggy's game play he did with his friend
Simply Put; False Advertising Is Legal For Mobile Devices, Thats Why
There are real apps that are the kind of game the ads show, in case you actually want to play them
Between YouTube red, or premium or whatever they are calling it now plus a paid lifetime subscription to a DNS firewall, I don't see ads on YouTube. Or pretty much anywhere.
Well atleast we can report the ads on Google play
Dfyrerrerfg
nobody: literally nobody: not a single soul:  phone game adds: 99% CANT GET TO PINK (it show paint) edit: oh sorry it should show 99%
Who fall for these ads?
They keep false advertising so yes
Why do piglets attack us??
THAT WAS A RICK AND MORTY REFERENCE
That stick: EPIC
9 Impostor vs 1 Crewmate  Who the only Crewmate you ask?  Jetpack Joyride 2 Now that's some OG stuff
I have a collage of fake ads, half of them being extremely sexual and on the CUSP of showing genitalia.
I think it’s cause there’s no real regulation of the internet for ads, like in the US bait and switch is a Crime.. like these ads do.
I hope they are illegal and get banned and purged for the good of humanity.  I am referring to all mobile games.
On the one hand we have shitty mobile games like those, on the other hand we have AAA-level and phone destroying experiences of Genshin Impact. Yet there are still some dudes complains just because the game is "made in China". Hypocrites!
This video was sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends
Commenters note: Me too editor. Me too...
I am immortal for the ads
It's almost close to Roblox ads.
Yay at 6:29 a terrible mobile game ad for Lily's garden played for me and as you would expect showed none of the gameplay
Honestly I would ban all mobile game ads
Even Mc donalds lies to us
Ok, do we rant here? Ok  So I downloaded this game “my cat” and I’m a cat lover, and there was this ad that you can put her to the real world and I was like “omg that soo cool!” So I downloaded it, there was the icon where you can already put her in the real world! And I pressed it and FRICK who was I kidding!? *PREMIUM!* THAT YOU NEEDED TO PAY FOR EVERY 4 MONTH! RRRRRR, EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I try to stop these games good thingyour here to say it
It's cheap and lazy 😒 Gaming companies manage to steal video footages of various video games to suspiciously bait players "hey, try our game, it's awesome and you can do whatever you want" or they do ads that was stupidly ridiculous.
https://youtu.be/vEiAmdQhxt8
I try to stop these games good thingyour here to say it
Yo your two on trending now
Epic.
Epic Games
Intro be so true
cat stronger than dogs
Worst games in life ;(
EPIC
So, I've seen these 'Hero Wars" ads quite a bit, and I've actually played the game. It sucks compared to the ads. But... One clip of, to but it briefly, human has number, drag human to other human. Higher number wins. I've seen that exact same ad with the exact same gameplay, just retextured. 65 times.
I straight up got addicted to micro transactions with garden scapes during lock down last year. To give you an idea I was well over level 4,000 when I finally forced myself to stop and at least 1,000 of those levels were achieved in the three months of lockdown. I was deeply obsessed with it, and my depression got so bad it was all I did. I had been playing it on and off for years already, but not being able to work or leave really exacerbated it.
My mom has done 2000+ levels on gardenscapes
here you can see a proper example of a man of the people! good job matt
I remember annotations
Probably the best intro out of all of your videos.
Ok But the Lily Garden Ads..have theory potential
I  dont believe in matching game supremacy
FINALLY! Thank you for pointing these game ads out!
imagine if this was sponsored by Raid shadows
As a fan of that cybert channel. Seeing dan and Alyssa be crazy is nice.
I was literally learning about convergent evolution in biology class today, never expected to see this concept here on a channel about games! 😂😅😂
Another questionable set of Mobile Game Ads i've gotten before are the ones that say they'll pay you. Ngl I spent a good time reading the game reviews and complains from people who DID play the game.... Quite saddening really.
Can we talk about how the ads on YouTube are sexual then ever before. Like i got an ad where the woman literally masturbated in front of the camera and they cut the lower part so you could only see her face moaning
If you use the Brave browser, there will be no adds on Youtube.
The only "moblie" game thier ad fully match the gameplay is genshin impact
I still dont understand how are some People still tricked by this today, this stupid advetizing has been going on for ages now.
Homescapes and gardenscapes are pretty fun, so they're being stupid by not using real footage.
Watch this video to gain 45 levels? EPIC!!!
Are your mobile games ILLEGAL? me who downloaded like 90 rom hacks: no, no i dont think they are
love this video so so much...i dont usually watch theory content but i just might subscribe for this
Matpat: talks about convergent evolution. Also matpat: doesn't talk about crabs.
"That's how mafia works"    ~Mobile ads~
Ironic Dragon Awaken stole from Cygames, a mobile game company first and foremost with titles like Shadowverse, Granblue Fantasy and Dragalia Lost.
Used to play gardenscapes a few years ago before they started the misleading ads, it's such a shame they went scammy
It always gets me when matt says A GAME THEORYY! at the end.
What about the: *"If you make it to level 17, you're legally skilled."* type of ads? I'm not the only one who gets them right?
Should put "Rise of the Empire" on the shame list too. Trying pull your nestogia felling by flaming they are the Age of Empire series when they are clearly not...
Kings throne game of lust ads are so sexual its so bad
Heyyy, nice Rick and Morty reference with the  LOSER(whispers)
5:46 not all, I’d like to say MiHoiYo does a great job, but like, that’s just cus they actually put tons of effort into their games
Save the girl and hero rescue too many ads! Like the fake game ads!
Fun fact: those garden scapes adds are illegal, but you knew that, but did you know that they have been sewed in the last couple of days, hence why you haven’t seen them in the last few days
I just downloaded gardenscapes again for the 2nd time 🤦🏾‍♂️
I'm thinking "persecuted" was meant to be "prosecuted".
Candy crush : the game that ruined mobile gamez
For those ads that steal other games gameplay...wouldn't that then fall under a copyright issue instead of misleading ads then??
The Ad : Realistic as hell The Game : Candy Crush Knockoff
I DO! I DO REMEMBER ANNOTATIONS
I remember the YouTube adaptation
Make sure you see the rating, and read comments before installing any app on playstore
The apps/games, just slap some ads on ur face right after u download them...
I was assuming that because they could get away with it because they included one level of the game based on the level...
When you get those misleading ads on a video thats talking about those misleading ads.
Warpath’s trailer is the slickest mobile ad I’ve ever seen, I’ve watched it at least 10 times and I’m dedicated to studying every bit of it.   But the actual gameplay is really far from whatever was advertised.
This video is  *E  P  I  C*
Thnx for actualy explaining this i was wondering about this for a while now and this video realy explainded a lot
One annoying thing about the misleading ads for Gardenscapes, a part from them being misleading, is that they make Austin look like an idiot and not very likeable when he his a very caring and likeable character.
#str34mdragmedown pls guys, help us get to 1B
It's fine for me as long as it's a playable ad    **Clicks*        **Sends me to Play Store*
The money ads and fake leave ads  are worst ones !
Bout time someone tackled this subject in front of a massive audience, Thanks MatPat
so glad this is trending
Was expecting Athenes game to be mentioned as it's a combination of all these points and more. Maybe cause it's an episode in itself
Unfortunately, it gives even more incentive to use the freemium model in mobile gaming.
📮when amogus ilegalus🎴 😩👁️👄👁️
Mat you forgot about the game using famous people images. Mostly youtubers
"They target spesific target: *Whales*" If that's the case, I'm surprised (& glad) there aren't any -bad- ridiculous ads from "illegal" gacha games (If there are).  Cuz 2021, who ON EARTH would risk their wallet lives for "illegal" games like that?!
Nice Laylee and Kazooie reference there. Clever
Those video game ads have disappeared like just vanished
Sad thing is that Homescapes did have an original game about finding an item for a person within a huge pile of items. Then they changed it to a candy crush clone
Darwinism. If youre stupid enough to spend your money like that you deserve to go broke.
i love how the fake advertising of most mobile games escalated this far
You should make a theory on how to get more popular through gaming
Let me guess, this is an episode about false advertising?
When you download one app and every new level  there is a add
Its so weird that games like these and games like sky children of the light all come from the same platform. Its possible to make wonderful games like sky, yet people keep repeating the same formula that gets them nowhere.
ads are evil
Tip to get rid of ads: There is a report button for most of the ads or just turn off the WiFi
Ive played Gardenscapes for years now and am on level.....idk like 1000-something. Ive been playing it since before it started running those false ads and have got to say its actually kind of heartbreaking to see. And only recently have they added in the "Austin's bad dream" minigames. Personally I liked the game before it added those elements in but I have no doubt that they only did it because of the bad publicity they were getting. Although I love the game and prefer it over most I have to say Im ashamed of the turn it took. Ashamed, but not surprised
Okay matpat is time for you to put money in the Epic jar. Is sort of like a swear jar but for when people abuse the word Epic
Mobile Games are desperate do get people to play, probably the reason
gosh darn it, it's another match 3 game
I downloaded gardenscapes long before their stupid misleading ads.
Youtube premium users are so confused rn
That's why u should only play PUBG mobile
I can Imagine that intro being stolen
Mat-pat says mobile ads should be illegal  His ads mobile ads  Me: Huh?
MATPAT, US LITTLE NIGHTMARES THEORISTS NEED YOU,, PLEASE PUT OUR THEORIES TO REST AND DO A VIDEO BASED ON THAT🥺💞
But what about the copyright infringement ones? Where people use other peoples game footage. They're using other people's artwork, time and skill, surely they should be sought after more
Not me getting 2 different pull the key adds in this video alone 😂
Thank god you’re shedding light on this, it’s been annoying me for the longest
Banger video
Every mobile game ad be like:  99.9999999% PeAOPLe CAnT Do tHIs
FINALLY I WANTED THIS VIDEO
Ad's: 💏👧 The game:👥👤
UK banned these kind of ads
The "New Mobile Game You Can DO Whatever You Want" Game  NO, game company, this ain't the Japanese Light Novel world It ain't gonna work
11:21   EA intesifyes
Moral of the story:      *If your money can't reach it's hand, it can't be banned.*
gardenscapes was such a disappointment. The ad’s made it look so much more fun than it is
Waiting for demolition derby 3 ads because its very pog car game and a pog small community, but uhh yeah
yet another reason to not play mobile games
When you go to their app store / google play pages, if the file size is small, then that in itself should bring up some very big red flags.
99.9& chance that MattPat won’t like and reply this comment
Anyone seen those ads that have a women and an X-ray box or something and get you to download it to see some...    Naughty
Also I have a question/theory:  In Other countries reading is backwards from right to left rather than left to right.   Is the right side of the screen stronger in these countries rather than others?
So I may or may not have received a misleading ad while watching this video
The mobile ads: 🥵😉🥴 The game:🧚🏻‍♀️🧜🏻‍♂️🧜🏿‍♀️
I played Garden/Homescapes WELL before those misleading ads started. I just wanted to play a match 3 game that wasn't owned by King. Also I found it because I play another game from playrix, Township, which also only has those pull the pin games as minigames that rarely appear.   I honestly hate how misleading the ads are because these are fun games on their own and I wish they'd stop lying.
I don’t publish my games on mobile lol
The only mobile game ad I agree on was CodM lol.
Yeah, but one of those games I saw actual ads for the game before downloading. Only seeing fake ads afterwards.
THAT STICK EPIC
POV: you went to the trending page of youtube and you clicked this video
Downloadbait
A raid spon on this would have been...epic Also i make these kind of games for a living and i can confirm this is all true, and it's not even convergent evolution, companies activity try and mimic other games and ads to reduce risk.. originality is a complete non goal..
homescapes: i will ignore that
Mobile game ads should be illegal because how cringe they are
Im sticking in happy mod
Union Cross didn’t have ads! And they’re shutting it down very soon! 😭 it was fun, colorful and fairly consistent.
Lots of these ADs ARE breaking laws though, forget misleading people how about copyright for the games they have stolen footage from? I'm confused why that doesn't seem to be worth fighting over, surely Microsoft can afford to stop the age of empires footage getting used etc
I actually like the Dr Squatch soap :o
But really though, matpat, these are some weird games tho
Subway Surfers Clones are taking over the Google Play & App Store Store..
tbh, this doesnt feel like a game theory video, more like a pyrocynical video
hey monster school animation is ruined
I also wish there weren't advertisements that want you to touch the screen to interact with something, only for the ad page to load up as soon as you click on it. It doesn't help that there actually are interactive ads out there, so knowing that there can be fake interactive ads too sucks.
epic
Finally someone speaks up
I got an ad tHat say you will get laid
1 mil view in 11 hour? New record
that could be applied to YouTubers and their ways to connect with their community.
No one: Literally No one: Matpat: "EPIC!!!"
i hate these ads lets raid them
👴😄😒
Today is my birthday by the way
I got one of those pull the pin adds in this video
How legal is legal?
i love how the "Meh Media" actually looks like a real name lol
I've always considered ads for computer games to be deceptive. Anything from about the last two decades has maybe 5% gameplay footage and 95% cinematic camera angles that you will never see in the game.
Hey Matt i think you should make a timeline video on little nightmares 1, 2 and very little nightmares.
123 abc ha ha
4:00 I play that game :)
Lily's garden creator announce that there ads dont have connection to the game
Im from vietnam and i see ads for fake/unsafe “traditional medicines” all the time Also if anyone loses money to mobile games, its kinda their fault tbh
if i ever wanted to download these kind of mobile games, i always change their properties with Lucky*Patcher or download the modded version of from other website. They probably have little to no form of anti-cheat to prevent user from disabling ads, buying in-game stuff that requires microtransaction without using real money, or even unlocking everything the moment the user start launching the game
mat you NEED to do a fnf week 6 or 5 theory
They silenced him for he spoke the truth
Ok but tell me lillies garden adds arent amazing
Thing is I think old Gardenscapes ads used to be accurate
Out of all the games New Mobile Games You Can do Anything You Want could've stolen from for their own advertisement they stole a PC game's content
I was hoping you were joking when you said evolution but seems like you’re not
Minecraft is not a illegal
I miss annotations so much
Damn, Alien: Colonial Marines seriously slapped.
How funny that I got an ad for Lily's Garden on this video... They're on to you, MatPat!
0:22 ... Me who has read the warriors books but also knows that the person in front is a warrior: w h o
Down with mobile game ads!
Trending go brrrrrrrrr
I love the take him tho
I got those ads when I clicked on this video. great.....
its all about that one important word. "Damages" if you didn't suffer there's no point
My mom loves Homescapes because she likes matching puzzles and she's at like level 6,000 or whatever the current max level is.
Dude people are getting sponsored by a game called state of survival they litterally took a recording from the last of us into their ad
proud to be British.
So they ducked the law by moving the point of purchase to a few minutes after download. Have you ever downloaded a "poop" program before on your PC? You know, a piece of software that makes use of existing tools on your computer to do what it claims to do, just with a slightly prettier interface? That "sucked in" feeling you get when a more tech-savvy friend points it out? Yeah, that's the feeling I get when I hear "mobile game" on "in-app purchases" now. . Is it any wonder that too many people - myself included - feel like the internet is just openly consumer hostile at times? You have to keep your guard up everywhere, just in case someone slips something you don't want onto your hard drive. Any time a site says "This site uses cookies, click OK to proceed", I have to wonder what the risk is and how do I avoid it?
1. Fun fact: I saw 2 fake mobile game ads while watching this. (I  know they are fake due to them all being the same, I HAVE NEVER CLICKED ONE!!!) 2. THIS VIDEO IS #2 ON TRENDING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally FINNALY YOU COVER THIS TOPIC
Did he not make this video before?
haiii haiiiiiiiiiii
Not me playing GardenScape for over 6 years and getting to level 6745. I have never gotten those mini games.
did someone get a mobile game ad while watching this
I really got a Lily's Garden ad
r/fuckhomescapes
prosecuted, not persecuted
You probably shouldn’t try and expose the thing that makes your YouTube channel money.
Epic games where games are EPIC
lmao i'm just laughing really hard it's f*cking legit. most games are trash they can't even make suh high quality games bruh i appreciate pubg and other fps games they seem to hold our interest
Just add waifu and husbandos and it won't matter
That stick **EPIC**
I rember the good days during jetpack joyride angry birds and clash of clans those were good days with real ads.
The REAL mvp ad is Danny Gonzalez's. Lmaoo Y'all remember Badads?
qjhn😥🥵😞😵
I have been haunted by Rise of Kingdoms ads for months. I got a short break and thought the nightmare was over. Nope. The developer’s new game Warpath haunts me now. I’m looking at an ad while I type this. And whats weird about the Warpath ad it only promotes the Germans a lot during it.
Creepy af I got one of the exact ads he was talking about and had never got it before
Delete high heels as! I see Megatrone 2x and bad word to B
*2010: Games with actual gameplay* *2021: oNLY 99% cAn ReAch PINK*
I’ll be honest I never thought I’d see this vid.
Omg I forgot about YouTube annotations
the most important thing here is do our reports work?? or even count..
Now that is not fair at all, since Dancing line got banned because of clickbait ads (silimar, but close enough) if you got your time, could you do some review for that?
I constantly get Hero Rescues ads to the point where it's the only ad I get
I hate the fake ads, but I hate the sexual ads on YouTube even more. I've gotten them without even login in to my acc in my college campus computers. It's dumb
The most frustrating thing is that these ads will often outright steal footage or gameplay but it never seems like the parent companies are doing anything about it. Companies are way more draconian in shutting down people using their IP in perfectly legal ways like reviews or transformative content. There's a stupid "strategy" game whose ad copies the art style of Age of Empires 2, uses footage of the game to pretend like it's a franchise going back to 1999, and even has a name that is similar to Age of Empires. The clear intent in all of this is to get people to mistake the game for a mobile Age of Empires. The legal definition of copyright infringement is to diminish the market share of the copyright holder by stealing customers through unauthorized use of the copyright: and these ads are basically an exact application of that definition.  Yet, multibillion dollar corporation Microsoft, who owns Age of Empires and is actively losing customers to this idiocy, does nothing, not even a c&d for what's pretty open and shut copyright abuse. It's one thing for the government to be overwhelmed with reports, it's another for companies to ignore this blatant misuse of their IPs and then attack perfectly legal use of copyrighted material. It's the hypocrisy of it all that's the worst.
Actually, Gardenscapes got sued over that. Judge ruled against their favor, and they lost.
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
what happened to the cool adds for early 2000s with well animated cinematics and shorts
The only REAL advertisement today is Jetpack Joyride 2
i remember the boxs
I was actually thinking about getting Gardenscapes at one point, but something didn’t ad up. 😏
This channel ever do an ad for Raid?
The biggest thing the do is make adds where the answers are simple to make you feel smart. Then you download the game and it’s just boring
I wonder how is it legal to let braindead ad makers walk near the normal peoples
Google is just like 👀 "can't see fake, only see money"
my mom has been playing homescapes long enough to get to like level 4000 and something
Those ads be better than the actual game tho😬
Those ads be better than the actual game tho😬
Awww I thought he was going to link illegal mobile games to the Cold War and how it leaked missile codes come on man
Theres also ads that steal charactors from other games to fake ads like AFK arena had a Gilgamesh look alike from type moons Fate series who used the same abilitys he does to make women love him and there was another that used the actual model for 2B from Nierautomata but only seen that a few times not to mention all the ads about pokemon games that use game boy footage as their gameplay
My favorite ad is a pedigree one that you could play as a cat or dog and jump to get food and at the it just told you to buy pedigree for your pet. No fake game and it didnt link you nowhere perfect ad. I started buying pedigree after that.
Game: Non-stop Ads Me: turn off the wifi
EVADE CHILD SUPPORT  *EPIC*
Lucky for me I learned what convergent evolution was in school 5 hours earlier.
Mobile games misleading ads  Cyberpunk 2077: First time?
Can’t these games be sued for copyright infringement by the actual games they stole footage from and put into their ads representing them as their own?
FINALLLYYY WE ADDRESSING IT YAS
Mat thanks a lot this answered questions i had for months. Thank you.
my sister garden scapes try again to level 2450+ its been 1 year
i remember seeing an ad and a few days later another ad by another game with the same audio and the same concept so that was funny
Good work my guy another act of cleaning the internet
Yo shoutout to annotations though, I’m an old man
"fake famous people saying stuff"       roblox users: first time?
I got a mobile game ad on this video
Wow #2 on trending
Me and my buddy were literally talking about this yesterday then this gets recommended *WHAT A COINCIDENCE*
THANK YOU MATPAT YOU ARE THE BEST...  YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MANY TIMES I ALMOST KILLED MY PHONE THANKS TO THE ADDS. SO THANK YOU FIR TALKING ABOUT THIS  I LOVE YOU... BUT LIKE A FRIEND
Mat's been watching the Jimquisition again.
I am required to watch mafia city ads I can’t help it
the amount of spamming cant be legal
Ayo wtf
that intro scene is soooooooooooo relatable
I wish you all see my chanel please 😳
The most common types of ads now seems to be financing ads for some reason
Person: I cAnT rEaCh PiNk    Pink: press a button on the ground
While it’s not big enough fish for FTC to deal with, app stores should really try to crack down
CH play and other mobile downloader should have some thing or some system to stop these game like these and the youtube SHOULD KILL all these s@₫ty ad and gảm
The great games dont have much ads.
i saw a mobile game ad that used nothing but red dead 2 gameplay
I'm so happy people are talking about this more. I'm tired of these fake ads, like, I'm so worried for future ads if ads are already this bad 😔😔
@7:03 Yes, MattPatt, yes we do ;)
In advertisement things get wrong because the company will get more money
Idle mine rpg is one of the few games I've found by ads and still enjoy it,the gameplay was thee same and the music was worse than the actual thing
Couldn't I say that a misleading ad brought me emocional distress? Its affecting my health so...
Just because it makes youtube money, also... YouTube, if I get another anti-vape ad ima go buy a pack of cigs
I just turn on airplane mode when I play mobile games.
I reported this as misleading
Luckily AFK Arena didnt lie to me but when it first came out they did
Only allowed mobile I will allow as PC Gamer :- 1.  Minecraft pocket edition 2.  Whole FNAF series
MatPat: Makes a video about ads  YouTube execs: WTF ARE YOU WAITING FOR?! GET HIM ON TRENDING!!!
between this and the blatant gambling with no age verification I'm very surprised there isn't stricter regulation on mobile games
Yeah
Okay but then I see ads that aren't good enough for the game- Like the games great but the ads suck-
Bruh every time my lil brother see's a mobile game ad he instantly downloads it. so I'm expecting him to get scammed in the near future
3:42, very much agreed there
This video isn’t sponsored by Clash of Clans 😂
I think you might find the difference between bat flight and bird flight quite interesting. Convergent evolution aside, the result may be similar, but how they get there is has amazing differences in capabilities.
weirdest thing is i actually remember that reply all episode
I HATE THESE DUMB ADS 😠😠😠😤
It's really saddening how the mobile game market has steeply declined in quality over the past 2-3 years. All these new games are ripoffs of other games and have cringey clickbait videos and gameplay riddles with ads. They're simple and boring concepts that have awful animations and production. I remember the prime of mobile games such as Infinity Blade, Jetpack Joyride, Monument Valley, Clash Royale, etc. The mobile game market has sadly gone downhill
I‘ll just stick to jetpack joyride
So that was what the super amazing end card tournament was way back in the day...
Finally someone calling out to all the stupid mobile game ads lately, it's been driving me crazy
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for doing this! Bad games are my trigger too. Good to know I'm not the only one that screams into my hands.
I am so glad someone is calling them out for their insanity!
(7:06) I do
When you can trust anime mobile games:
I understand that completely. But I feel like it HAS to be far more illegal to literally use footage and sometime full on ads that were created for different games. sometimes even AAA games. I one saw an ad for a Stupid Mobile Game that was screenshots of Sid Meier’s Civilization 6. Even if that’s not a FTC problem it has to be a copyright problem
0:43 That's ur ancestors
There is too much hate for mobile games.  There are many good ones. There are Great ones like Dragon Ball legend. Legends of runetera. Genshin Inpact. Stardew Valley. sky Children of light. And also LOL wild rift.
I have seen a fake adds that steal videos from youtube and its a modder for fnf but its fake i see that its pictures is roblox things and i know that its fake
That one time were youtube premium is usefull
Odin is with us!
Imagine how many copyright strikes- and attempts to take down the channel, or video.
Thank you for reminding me of that game that I wanted to play but didn't remember the name (Banished)
The worst ads of all are the ads.. THE TRICK YOU WHEN THEY SAY YOU CAN PLAY BUT YOU CANT
To all the good games that still exist in mobile- Please don't become like this
back when ads weren’t that bad, i would just download random games off the app store and pass time with them, but after the whole google play store bank info stealing app incident i barely never download apps and im much more bored on the daily.
Fun fact: those ads are all made by the same company.
What kinda world do we live in that aps catfish us, that intro is the reason I liked
Damn fake game ads are so stupid.
Please say no because i bearly use laptob or computer i mostly use mobile   Edit: shut the f### up me 2 years ago
Well i saw an among us ripoff that took some textures from minecraft  AND STOLE ONE OF APHMAU'S VIDEO FOOTAGES THAT DIDNT MATCH THE GAME BY ME LOOKING AT THE PICTURES AND WHEN I WENT TO APHMAU'S CHANNEL SHE DIDNT TALK ABOUT OT SHE DIDNT PLAY IT SHE NEVER GOT SPONSORED FROM THE APP LIKE SHE DOESNT KNOW ABOIT OT AND THE AD JUST YOINKED A PART OF HER VID  now that shpuld cost mobey
annotations   haven't heard that in years
6:16, the wings there was taken in Diablo III
Gardenscapes, look at what you've created ....
Only 1% of peoplecan solve this, question: 15 + 1
we all know lily's garden is kind of a joke, made to entertain
I've played gardenscapes since long before this kind of ads began, I'm over level 3000 and didn't get any of those 'minigames' ever.
I report every single add I see like this. It doesn't seem to be helping but I do it anyway.
All the Brawl Stars and Genshin Impact players: intense embarrassment intensifies
Side note: love that Markiplier is the fake Match(dot)com profile. Even the straightest dudes and gayest girls would see that picture and be like "ok, I'll hear him out"
Man, annotations. Haven't thought of that in years, just like rating or video responses.
Youtube allows serialized ads on their platform, yet gets on youtuber's button when they swear, or even think to make content with animation in it that may be seen as "kid friendly."
Most mobile games are kinda just copy paste
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you!  = ) Never give up on your life!!
YouTube premium is worth just because it is one less app I have to deal with these adds
Who else was screaming epic with mat in the beginning
0:42 is thhat a rick and morty reference
Stream Anaconda to 1B
Get's ads for mobile games on a video about how mobile game ads are misleading.
https://youtu.be/LDZX4ooRsWs
Jesus Christ matpat is such a nerd why tf do I watch his content still
2:45 I stopped Homescapes like after 2 months of playing it. So boring
The damaging galley unintentionally cheer because gladiolus relevantly observe an a knotty cathedral. ready, needless case
1.2 million views and 12k comments in 10 hours. Hella respect
Just play minecraft roblox or among us
How many times he said epic in the intro
Mobile games should be
"FTC looks especially close... that effect consumer's health" does not explain the sudden influx of completely deceptive colon cleanser ads my YT has been filled with lately. How do I get a cleanser for that?
Begun, the ads war has!
The ads are always like: omg, get rich and marry a princess! THAT IS NOT HOW IT WORKS IN REAL LIFE TODDLERS.
How many people actually study the law vs living and learn on the way.
at last a YouTuber here to kill of the bad games of mobile, thank you.
#2 on trending hooray
Should've asked Davie 504 for the "EPIC" line
Guys we should collectively stop downloading ANY apps that use that click bait so they run out of money to advertise
Fun fact everyone went to comments
The problem is I always get advertised these mobile games on my computer.
Okay, but... that intro was really funny
These game companies only wants money to get people's attention by doing terrible ads
This is true
Wow ! I was wondering when someone with influence gonna talk about the illegal false ads on the mobile platform.
EPIC VIDEO
I hate those ads
Guys i think the ads in this videos is illegal
I want to punch these ads in the face almost as much as I want to roundhouse kick certain ads about a grammar-checking service and an oddly-colored mattress company.
who else recognized the rick and Morty reference?
What about state of survival ads because those look the same with the gameplay lol
Clash of clans
GT:wow that was really cool.. 👍 Dani: so you have chosen death..
11:24 Indeed, most of humanity has clearly lost their minds over money I mean seriously you can't buy anything!! Short explanation: You buy a bed but not sleep You buy a house but not a home
AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!
I like the the message on the end of the intro *ruining your childhood since 2011*
Clash of Clans, Where is my water...... Those were the good days
In my country,Snack video ad are the most disgusting ads in here. Snack video app is basically just a copy of Tik tok and yet,the ppl who used the app never credited the original person who made it.Which is why is really unfair.  And the ad it self its almost like tik tok ads,it has some ppl tik tok dancing like that but the person is kinda showing off their innapropriate parts which is why its DISGUSTING.
Me: man I miss the type of adds that actually resemble the game like  Add: RAID SHADOW LEGENDS  Me: well, time to grab the six shot
Ive got to say that the terrible ads have kind of grown on me. Especially if they have 3d animation and poor english
And then there is those fake misleading "take her clothes off" ads and other very sexual stuff, like what?
bruh there M O N E Y   H U N G R Y  we need to stop this The Game Theorists and dont be money hungry like mojang
0:40 NEVER INSULT MY GARDEN SCAPES AGAIN!!!
I personally enjoy the game Arknights and I've seen it's ads and honestly I think it'd be better if they shiwed actual gameplay for their ads
This video is just as bad as these ads. Why does his narration seem so cringe?
So    basically it is clickbait
8:22 monke
GAME AD: EPIC ME:yup let me download this THE GAME:ADS
“Game You can’t Resist” The Game : “ Big 🍉 and big 🍑  characters“
I play homescapes and gardenscapes and I HATE when the mini games from the ads show up and I'm SO GLAD they are skippable!
yes  Also i just got an add thats called Mini World:Block Art     AND ITS LITTERLY COPYING MINECRAFT
What about the misleading ads that use footage from other games to lure players in? Aren't they violating copyright laws?
"99.99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999% cant solve this" "I CANT REACH PINK COLO(U)R 😭😭😭😭😭" "Only triangular brains can solve this" "Download now if you're epic  " the game: CANDY CRUSH 2.0
"Is anyone old enough to remember that, at this point?"  I am, unfortunately.
5:05   ay ddlc BG :D
C-C-Cygames???!!!  (GBF bad pulls intensifies...)
Not gonna lie, I downloaded one of these just to "beat it" and since it wasnt the game as advertised, obv removed.
Lawsuits pending
I wish there's a vigilante hacker willing to spend time to bury these ads and games to the ground
The Office reference was perfect
Btw there are among us and minecraft ripoffs that... THEY USE *YOUTUBER'S* AND *TWITCH STREAMER'S* VIDEO FOOTAGE WITHOUT ANY CREDIT LIKE IF SOMEONE USES 0.69420 SECONDS OF SOMEONE ELSE'S VIDEO OR AUDIO ON YOUTUBE THEN THEY JUST HAVE THEIR INCOME TAKEN AWAY W H A T Oh and they are well.. among us and minecraft ripoffs Like seriously Google you ok?
Dude your so cool
Guys if you want some actually good games try sky:cotl   Source: trust me
thx for the tip
Jesus Christ loves everyone unconditionally including you and everyone else too
Mobile games are like morshu. They want you to come back when you're a little richer.
I remember youtube annotations.  *I MISS THE OLD YOUTUBE*
thos is so true
World of tanks has adds that make it look retarded I liked the old adds:(
Who remembers when gardenscapes and homescapes made REAL ads?
The x on the ads are harder to find and get than my missing father
The only mobile games with good ads i know is summoner greed
Matpat made a comparison between Yooka-Laylee and Banjo-Kazooie. Happiness noise
There are nice games on everbyte studios it's available on mobile and the lore is good!! It is noice. I'm typing this cuz the footage IS part of da game. E
Dragon Awaken has THE messiest, and most predatory UI ive ever seen. Its like it's screaming microtransaction in the ugliest possible way.
Me after seeing the intro:
I’ve been asking these questions for so long 😭 thank you sir <3
Can you please do prodigy I want to know what you come up with
Coin master just screams at you when you don't play I quote "Your enegy is full, now come back and PLAY!!!"
I'm surprised that this beat the bad batch star wars trailer
This is why I hate ads(and dislike every single one that comes my way). They are all totally misleading, useless, and/or just down right stupid. And every single ad I get is totally useless to me cause I'm too smart to know what to avoid, my brain, not so much...
I sometimes get advertisements of games that are ripoffs of the game I was playing, and they act like they are the SEQUEL to the game or something. Not only that, they take gameplay footage from OTHER ripoffs and even fan animations of the original game. Makes me want to remove those games from the app store.
That's why I read the reviews for the apps. Gardenscapes and Homescape's reviews told me the same thing that almost none of what's in the ads appears in the game. Saved me a headache.  Are people getting tired of "Candy-Crush-style" games? I got tired of them after Bejeweled.
this was really interesting to learn but I'm still just waiting for matpat to do a theory about how the pikmin aren't native to the planet that the pikmin games take place on and that they're actually an invasive species.... ah who am I kidding that's not nearly interesting enough, keep up the great work matpat!!!!
Meanwhile.....  Summoner's greed: *WE DONT DO THAT HERE*
Nice job getting #2 in trending bro
P2W games are taking over.  I miss the old days where these never existed.
APEK
hi
Tip:play roblox,pubge,COD,Fortnite  This games have no AD and it is mobile
That mobile game ad intro was 100x better than any actual mobile game ad
ThAtS fRiEnDs WiThOuT tHe R!!!!
So there a chinese league of legends mobile thats famous in some asian countries
You don't need ads to blow your game, take Among us for example.
I have seen a few of your videos, I am particularly impressed with this one. I wish YouTube would do something about bad adds, game adds are almost always misleading, but there are other adds that are ought right dishonest, inappropriate, and hateful. I wish there was a way to report bad adds.
Friday night funkin explain about lemon demon plus lemon demon is a secret level in friday night funkin and press 7 in any level and change the tittle to monster and press reload song then press reload game then now play the game
Number 2  trending
TLDR: It's not illegal yet, unfortunately. But it is undeniably scummy.
The Dragon Awakens actual game is also just a rip off of “conquer: online”
So are we just gonna stay in pc instead?
there's also really dumb games too like the nails
Finally someone is addressing this!
"Loser  Jerry iknow
While we are on the topic, if the ad's gameplay doesn't take time to load, DON'T click on it. It's a fake gameplay that will take you to the store page.
so relevant
1:12 I don't even know that guys name but I have to agree here
Your theris
Therefore we should play PUBG mobile 😂
The thing that annoys me is that the fake game looks a lot more fun then the game I actually get
good thing i use adblocker on youtube so i dont see those sexual ads
Idk if they’re legal or not I just want them to get off yt
7:38 batim wrench
Have y’all seen the game that stole footage from Ark 😂
The problem starts where the las calls people consumers
A lot of them have already been taken down or banned for illegal advertising 💀
Raid shadow legends
https://youtu.be/ZxA6vtCsMv8
7:23 I have never felt hate as quickly as I did when I watched this
I mean, surely those stolen trailers are violating copyright laws, it's just a matter of the actual developers filing suit against said thieves.
I didn't actually think people would play these games xD
You cant even go outside. Nothing is legal.
Me who gets a gardenscapes add while watching the part about it
The intro has more quality than the apps
Ads: **SHOWS GAME WITH GREAT GRAPHICS**  Actual games: **GRAPHICS LIKE PUBJE**
This… this explains a lot because I was in fact wondering how the hell these game apps got away with what they’re doing. That being said, I am a HUGE fan of SeekerNotes and RavenHill which sadly do use fake ads(or at least I saw one that was fake), however the game itself is pretty good. And um… there is a lot of in-app purchases that… I do purchase… they got me didn’t they?
I installed the escape and I don't want to do it now
"Is anyone old enough to remember YouTube annotations?" You mean the feature that was removed just TWO YEARS AGO?! How young do you think your audience is, Mat?!
me who sees the zombie mobile ad: what kind of animation is this?  also me who saw that theres left 4 dead characters in the video: THAT SHOULDN'T BE THERE!!
10:48 as an programmer of an c++ virus thats how we spread .fake ads about a virus on your phone makes your brain think download that but dont download it has a virus if your fooled maybe a Epandemic or comp virus pamdemic will happend if youve been fooled
I have YouTube premium
lol the gardenscapes ad is true, it's just some special levels once in a while! nvm i just saw a segment where he talks about gardenscapes oops
Persecuted or prosecuted? I think something is off on that quote.
THANK YOU. MOBILE GAMES ARE SO STUPID. I WANT AN ACTUAL GOOD UNIQUE GAME
Finally an episode about Gardenscapes
*FINALLY HE SOLVE THIS*
The sad thing is that some mobile games were good (ex clash of clans) the stupid games are now  everywhere
Game Theory: Video about misleading ads Me: Always had ad blockers Me: what the heck
Gardenscapes does include minigames that look like the ads(edit: he mentioned them)
NGL, these kind of ads are annoying as f***  The most annoying one to me, is the "stickman combine puzzle thing" and it misleads to Art of War  "Good thing someone came off their way to make the game true. Same like Hero Rescue thing."
TLDR; mobile games are mostly s**t anyway, and nobody really cares..
This video was pretty EPIC!
Oh god not gardenscapes
Matpat ik this is game theory but could you do a theory on miraculous (tales of ladybug and cat noir).
Add: NOBODY can solve this puzzle!  The add:  🌮 + 🔔 = ???
Thank you for covering this, MatPat! My whole YouTube channel is about mobile game ads like these. It always makes me happy to see a YouTuber with a large audience cover this topic!
Thanks for speaking about these ads
I think someone will make a petition to remove misleading ads
People with premium
🔠🚼🚺🚹
We got game theory, food theory and film theory.............. How about anime theory can we survive in the same world as Dr. Stone or what are the Titans from attack on Titan are made of
Didn't expect to see my favorite village builder "banished" be mentioned here from all places.
I'm watching this, laughing, but also crying that Mario is going to die soon
/Reply-all/ gang
The world that has secrets:whatever game your playing it won't work you can't deafeat me Me:I know but he can Matpat:ROOOOOOAAAAAAAR
Also, some games actually are like the mini games. The first game is called Save the Girl. It is similar to the ones where you pick one option for the girl. Also there is a game actually called get the loot I think!
Mobile ads:I can’t beat this level also them: dodges everything that makes you get to the next level
Day 1 of asking matpat to do a video of death stranding.
Has anyone seen those terrible among us animations that steal targeted towards children WITH SEXUAL THUMBNAILS
damn, a 0.8% downvote to 99.2% upvote is a crazy
PLZ THE WAY HE OUTED LILY’S GARDEN LIKE THAT 😭🤚
The ads are so frequent that i could just tell that they're fake gameplay or not,thats how bad it is
The game theorists? EPIC
Every time I see these on Instagram I’m always reporting it
Who actually downloads those games from those stupid adds XD?
Anyone else think MattPat should have an interview with the Stock Photo man that has continuously been in his videos for years?
There is only four kind of ads One that let you play and has a easy solution Two that let you play but impossible to solve  Three that do not let you play and says 99.99% people can’t solve this when it has an easy solution Four that also do not let you play and says 99.99% can’t solve this but is impossible to solve  Also MatPat may a suggest making an ad theory channel?
Omg finely some one talk about this thank you so much
Yo was the loser thing a reference to Rick and Morty
is it just me or did anyone else have at least 1 mobile game ad on this video
This is the reason why people use ad blocker
So rad !!!
is it just me or did anyone else have at least 1 mobile game ad on this video
Actualy a mobil game actualy made a pul the key game it made by lion studio and its besikliy like a meme
How to get 1 million views in 10 hours: Say that Mobile Games are illegal
Things that gets me is that if you report thses games they stay i the store because they mame money for the store
I play Gardenscapes, those “mini games” have shown up like a good 30 times and I’m on level 440, not sure how your friend only got it twice and is over 900 levels in
old mobile games are better
Not only are the ads fake but there really bad. State of survival and that mafia game look like garbage. Raid and warpath are the only apps I know that make good ads. Theres some that make decent or okay ones but raid and warpath is top notch.
This is not a mobile games ads, but i hate those snack video ads. Its just showing stupid girls do a stupid dance. And the dance doesnt even look appealing or even.... Require any skill.
yass!
This really has been bugging me. I learned a lot, and now this question won't take up anymore of my brain-space. Thanks!
Ahhh you quoted ReplyAll! Great podcast and interesting episode about this exact idea
Power players are what we like to call whales in the gaming community
"This video was n̶o̶t̶ sponsored by *RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS!!!!* "
Eventually, even the mobile game npcs will even start getting annoyed.
Hi
And there are some that goes the opposite way and just look suck on ads while actually have a good gameplay because they outsource the marketing Team
Finnally someone understand me in youtube
Eventually, even the mobile game npcs will even start getting annoyed.
It sucks, cuz I actually like playing GardenScapes and HomeScapes on occasion. I chose to play back when the ads showed legitimate gameplay, I like that sort of match 3, earn stars, decorate type games. They're fun. I was so taken aback when these newer, misleading ads started coming out. It's really sad to be honest.
Dang I'm early af
Noooooo. Matpat you gave me Hope with the thumbnail, but Now i am even more depressed becouse of those stupid adds.
Me: sees an ad about a puzzle game  Also Me: plays the game and sees a shooting game
I wish ads are honest like in 2009,the good ol dayz!!!!
Thanks MatPat for telling me about Banished! It’s on my Steam Wishlist now!
The only ppl who understands the mobile game ads are those tiktok thots cuz they're dumb enough to understand
Epic count : 11 not even in one minute of the video
Literally had a mobile game ad before I watched this
When you realize to that the video has no ads
Me jaming into the intro Lmfao!
I literally got one of those ads before this vid
I still remember me and my sis looking at the ad and laughing at how dumb it is
11:16 Markipliers face is there
During this ONE video I saw 3 mobile game ads :/
They said I could do whatever I wanted but I couldn't take Jerusalem
Currently at level 1404 on gardenscapes, probably my proudest accomplishment in life
11:55 when MatPat said "Gems" it reminded me of the old mobile games like Clash Of Clans, Fruit Ninja and Jet-pack Joy Ride. Good old days when they didn't have trash ads like these.
Remember When Mobile games aren't misleading?
Matpat teaches me more than school does 🍜
Video: Starts with an interesting intro  My brain: Raid Shadow Legends?
Guys we need to mess with game theory's a/b testing
Copyright on regular YT videos: *strong* Copyright on mobile ad games: *strunk*
They're evolving, Just backwards
The intro remind me of the 2011-2015 youtube
Lion Studios has the real games “Save The Girl” is one
I actually played Dragon Awaken for a few days and the user interface was so cluttered, it literally took up over half of your screen along the borders and half of the stuff there was locked behind paywalls, not to mention that the game itself was completely pay to win. There would be a new server every week, and they even had a new server leaderboard where the top players on the new server in the first few days would get completely op items, and you basically had to pay a lot of money to get to these top positions.
I know and play mobile games that are *legal* not like most games rn that has clickbaity ads which    *_S U C C_*
the worst thing is when they make the x to small to click 😒
𝕓 𝕣 𝕦 𝕙
1:18 *laughs in YouTube Premium
Even more scummy games that claim to pay out money for playing, but never actually do..
10/10, 100%/100% game theory ad
2:56 my mom play gardenscapes idk why and she in level 2000-3000 i think
League of Angels also does this using MU and Cabal gameplay. I'm happy somebody actually made a video about this, I have been confused on how these ads are legal for years already.
Are you giving us a peek behind the curtain to tell us how you’ve (not so) secretly shilling up your show for years??!! Why MatPat, you absolute madlad you! If I had any money, you’d be one of the ones I’d be throwing it at; thanks for all the good content buddy, you’ve earned more than my humble gratitude after all these years.
Are you going to play the new binding of isaac when it comes out?
*Mobile Game Ads Are So Weird*
This is not even a theory its facts.
**looks at title**  **instantly likes**
Lily's Garden ads should be illegal.
EPIC
I just got those trash mobile game right before this vid lmaooo
I got what you meant but you should look at Mobile Legends its great
Game Theory if they can raise a million dollars charity they can shut down false advertising
Now a days mobile game ads are like super weird misleading and just down right dumb  Garden scapes-puzzles Gs actual game-like candy crush  someone needs to put a stop to BS adds
This video was secretly.sponsored byyyyyy: Raid Shadow Legenddddd😂😂😂
It's not ethical That's the answer
Inb4 matpat gets sued by all the fake mobile game advertisers
Dogs are NOT stronger than cats
Wait I want to go back to monkey  🐒 8:19🐒
Yesterday I got an ad for some poker app but they used gameplay form RD2’s poker.
Fun fact: lazy game productions is a real game studio
Guys, it’s true it’s a crime but you’re not a criminal is you don’t get caught and that’s the truth
I got one of those adds in this vid. Perfectly timed
It’s not the bad game choices in the ads that bother me, but it’s the horrendous acting that comes with some of these ads that drives me up the wall. (Rise of Kingdoms, AFK Arena, Royal Chaos, I’m looking at you...)
Matpat: were this channel is ad- ADD
834 stupid game developers watched this video lol
0:43 bfb / bfdi reference? POGGERS
Finally someone addressed this, you have no idea how many of these kinds of ads I've seen just trying to watch someone fail at parkour. Thank you MatPat uhm... Mr. Patrick.
Even with DNS-level adblocking, sometimes apps/services will bake ads in, making them even harder to remove without rooting your phone. Even if I paid to remove ads, they always continue to sell my data. Not a single large service provides a paid all-in-one solution to remove ads+tracking.
And this is why I have YT Premium so those specific annoying ads don't show up
I remember old annotations for the single reason of INTERACTABLE YT VIDEOS.
this is why i dont play mobile games
I have seen those weird hero rpg add with the. how to loot sign.. I see those all the time and it haunts me
What I want to know is who YouTube, a company trying to be reputable, takes money from these games. They are showing they condone the behavior. That shines poorly on them.
I just had a mobile game ad and it was 5 minutes long!!! How is that legal?
Who else got an add like he was talking about in the video
Why does my favorite device the iPad get the worst stuff and so does phones I feel sad :(
Its evolution, just backwards
Ngl when MatPat was talking about those boxes on the screens back then (those annotation boxes) i got nostalgic
Man gardenscapes must've really hurt matt
Ngl, The recent into has been lookin EPIC
The real question is why mobile game ad people are so stupid.
3:07  Me : reporting every mobile game ad I get as inappropriate
DOP 2 (Delete one part) is the most inappropriate app and has the most inappropriate ads I have ever seen.
I remember a game company showing ads for it like last year for july/august and after playing the game for 200+ days the ad was a definite lie
9:30 that sums up The Strategy Of Mihoyo. The only Difference is, Genshin Impact is Original and Thrilling
I remember a game ad that told you to select an option and the percentage of the outcome. It was rust gameplay. In the ad you are downed and there is an enemy infront of you. I think we all know the correct option is scream and alt f4 lol
🔥soon the whole world will be listening to my songs
Noob VS Pro, Mom VS Dad, purposely picking the wrong choice, etc. They’re just ticked me off.
yeah i hate this thing as a game developer who don't get downloads being honest 😑
2 on trending
No, its not just a theory a game theory! It's actual LAW
Sometimes the ads are more interesting than the actual games
Idk if this is really a game theory but ok lol
As Danny Gonzalez would say,  these are some Badads
Matpat the new fnaf book came out!!
#2 on Trending? Guess those ads really annoy people.
Some Mobile ads are just infuriating now (or is it just me getting impatient because of the dumb gameplay they do in ads), past game ads (sometimes) show true gameplay and others just show epic trailers that still connects to their gameplay, but now with most of these "99% oF pEoPlE aRe NoT gOnNa WiN" misleading ads are just showing fake gameplays to cover their boring gameplays
I have nothing to worry about then. Housamo and Live a Hero don't have advertising.
I just want to stop seeing these
Okay so what about mobile games with blatant copyright infringement? Can we get a part 2?
Some trash company's gonna steal that intro and make it their mobile ad
I play garden scape and I enjoy it
Boys   *its time to start the revolution*
Im just more dissapointed that there isn't any game that is completely made up out of those key pulling logic advertisments.
"Congervent Evolution" So basically evolving backwards
I miss when the mobile games were games like Minecraft pocket edition, angry birds, ect. But now I will see weird simple puzzle Games
Is it me or there is an illusion disk 0:58
That this side is the stronger side and that up is stronger then  bottom   Me who pays attention to the center: Pathetic
Burh 😃✋
Every body gangsta till  Raid shadow legenda emails
Some of the games really caught my attention because my ADHD loves cute games and repetitive action. I was disappointed when I found out that it was neither. Also, I doubt that I would get duped into buying anything because, again, my ADHD makes me bored in about 10 minutes and uninstall for a different game.
12:45  *wink wink* America, look they even used the cop graphic, a little on the nose but *wink* *wink* anyway lol
I once downloaded something from a add was WAY BETTER then the add
E
Most games have are that are less fun then the original game
10:40 The epic of stew was Mat and Steph's first game!
Hey mattypat can you make a theory about Little Nightmares II
When I get a dumb add I just go to the left side Conner and report it but I don’t report it I just but close and that’s it
Wow
Aaaaaand that's how mafia works.
There evolving but backwards
I actually tried that Hero Rescue game a few months ago and can confirm it was absolutely stuffed with ads. I deleted the app very quickly.
And I got lily's garden ad right as this video starts
90% of people can’t like this comment
Who really fall for this cheap advertisement anyway? It's so overused and the word "Epic" is literally everywhere XD
THIS LITERALLY MAKES 0 SENSE ON WHAT THE THEORY WAS??? SO IT WAS TO THEORIZE THAT THEY ARE ILLEGAL?? YES. YES THEY ARE. LIKE TAKE THE FTC GUIDELINES AND BAM!   Love ya MatPat but YES it is illegal and no they arren't doing anything about it, this is PAINFULLY OBVIOUS. So outside of that what's the "Theory?" oh, there isn't one got it lol. :P
You know you can just turn off the internet from your phone there's no more ads
FTC. FLIGHT TEAM STAND UP
Danny Gonzalez
Play "Guardian Tales"... thank me later. Haha
when i saw this video i nearly cried inside and immediately showed my friends that i was with at the time. i have been ranting about this for ages, and i am so happy to see that someone agrees
IF YOU CAN SOLVE THIS YOU'RE LEGALLY SKILLED!!! 🏠____________________🏃‍♂️
Ive seen this all...
one game called as imposter z has taken sences from a youtuber called as aphmau
I'm shaking my head right now.
Candy Crush Clones Are Taking Over The World
Please cover Epic's lootbox settlement
laughs in genshin
I was here           Lost in the comments forever
5:05 I see that ddlc reference mat pat I see that
Finally! There's someone who understands this.
God yab
*EPIC*
Probably we suffer
If you look on facebook there are ads for mobile games that downright use copyrighted characters to promote their games. how are they not getting sued?
I got YouTube premium just so I could avoid the bad mobile game ads
I have seen literally all of these
Here's an AB stat for you. I 100% commented and liked directly due to your comment at the end "don't lie. Be nice to each other." So elegant! lol!
I get those adds all the time on my computer not my phone lol
I was just thinking about this XD
Can you please do a video talking about Final Station lore? It's a lot misterious indie 😆
Matpat can you make a monster legends theory because there is clearly hidden lore here and they hava made a story which contradicts the reborn version of the mascots description
Here I am wonder how tf are they getting away with this.
Another point is that most of these 'games' are made and marketed from China where the concept of copyright and being truthful in advertising is seen as a hindrance to doing business.
See that like button over there EPIC, click it
I missed the golden age of mobile games (1990s-2013ish)
That happens to me all the FREAKING time.
*I AM SO GLAD YOU TALKED ABOUT THOSE AD'S! GG MATPAT! (GLAD I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE)* 🛑 Google. Stop. JUST STOP! 🛑
Please people who choose ads! Please put something that is worth my time is watching.
based theory
I remember the old days when ad creators were not 5 year olds who play fortnite too hard or feminists
does luague of legends use misleading advertisement?
13:00 if you have some knowhow with android phones (maybe apple too?) You can always change your DNS to block ads.  I use adguard's. Totally cuts out ads in basically all apps.
Hopefully this makes some waves, I'm tired of those ads. Now do the community a solid, and make some waves against the growing scalper community. Especially because the pandemic, people are desperate to take advantage off others, as seen with every console release. UK is working on stopping scalping but it's got a long way to go
I wonder if you could make an ai to make ads and an ai to act as the average person to eventually make the best ad possible
Kaizo trap made the best use of annotations imo. made it to level5 x3
Expectation vs reality in games be like
Oh god, you should see "Mobile Legends" ads, they just make horrible animations that are 99% not related to the actual game
they are ILLEGAL bc of the copyright they are violating
You know this comment your reading.....    EPIC!!!!!
The only reason I knew Gardenscapes ad wasn't real when I first saw it was because I played the game in the past. XD
One could argue that the game is getting private information about you after you've installed their game. Something you may understand going forward, about you understood it with the preconception that the game is different than it is.  So, even after uninstalling the game, they still got something you don't want them to have.
tldr: yes what they are doing could be penalized, but they are not.
Thanks, I'm never again clicking on an ad.  edit: you should probably do the same it helps out a lot
8:38 no one: scribblenaughts
Me: sees title. Also me: Well I guess its time to start a petition
Cancel culture is the new trend
Got a mobile as while watching this
All ads are always annoying as always yaay 🙄😃
nobody:  the hand in hero wars ads: *i am doing 1000 calculations per second and they're all wrong*
Have you seen those x-ray games? The ones with a woman?
Banished is so much fun and not enough people talk about it
Ads are literally an total annoying in these days
I personally hated annotations.  I would always press the x to close them as soon as possible. I'm glad YouTube got rid of them.
persecuted or prosecuted MatPat?
*This is sponsored by raid shadow legends*
1:24 most kids would fall for that but the games are stupid
You know, not enough people are talking about the excessive ads and fake gameplay. Thank you Mat Pat!!!!
mobile games is just evolving but backwards
I like how he didn’t put any ads on the video
I saw one that was not just misleading, but had a totally different NAME
I Love MatPat's Content, His voice is so relaxing and ✨calming✨. ~🌺
I had one of those kind of ads on this video
Title: Are Your Mobile Games LEGAL?                                                                                          Fake Paypal Scams: No.
The question is, can the game developers get sued for using images, and videos from other companies/devs? (aka, breaking copyright i believe) If so, would that not solve the issue, since the misleading devs could go bankrupt because of it?
Sheeesh
There was an ad that straight up took gameplay from god of war...
Azur Lane is actually a good mobile game, thankfully
I love that my home country, slow to adapt as it is, got a mention for banning a specific ad.
What about the ads that promise you tons of money lol
READ THIS! A great way I try and fight those bad ads is spend a minute downloading the ad, rating it 1 star then deleting it
LoL my mom is on like 7821 or something like that lol she has been play before  the adds where like scams
MATPAT, PLEASE,I BEG FOR MERCY, DON'T SHOW MORE I WAS JUST AT THE FIRST MINUTE OF THE VIDEO STOOOOOP
Mobile Ads: The title is cool! Me: Bruhh The title: "New Mobile Game Play NOW"
As a marketing student I can 100% confirm pretty much everything Mat Pat said in this video
ITS EPIC YOU CAN GET 800000 COINS IF YOU WATCH AN AD    in reality:  hey watch an ad to get 30 coins see it's 800000
Man, these ads really got us annoyed
THE ONLY GAME THAT YOU CAN DO WHATEVER YOU WANT IS MINECRAFT
I’ve been looking forward to this
Capitalism is awful
I remember annotations and im only 15
Misleading ads for mobile games?  How horrible!  This most certainly the worst possible thing that has ever been done with mobile gaming.  _brushes receipt emails for Saint Quartz purchases under rug_ _realizes that rug resembles tent from having so many receipts under it_ _nearly comes to a realization that I have a serious addiction_  "Meh, least I have Kama."
https://youtu.be/ngLnpU6iQ6k
You know those ads you can find above the recommendeds while you’re watching a video. Yeah, i keep finding ones for a crappy “gaming” website, and they are straight up stealing youtuber’s thumbnails for their ads. How do i know, well, i was watching a youtuber called vanossgaming, who recently has been playing a lot of among us mods with his friends. And the funny thing is, i got an advert to that website, with the picture being the same as the thumbnail of the very video i was watching. So, i guess we can add crappy website creators to the list of people that are pretty much scamming people. I’m fairly certain their website has a virus on it or something, the whole thing looked to sketch to check.
Yo!!!! I requested this!!!!
This man will single handly save the world for this trash
https://youtu.be/ngLnpU6iQ6k
Then there's summoner greed. That uses meme instead actually being a false advertising. Which i played for a little amount
Me: Downloading Sonic Heroes Mobile When downloaded: WAIT THIS ISN’T THE REAL SUPER POWER OF TEAMWORK! THIS IS THE REAL SUPER POWER OF FRAUD!!
This man just said more e p i c than Davie 504 In his entire career       EPIC
I’ve been thinking about this for so long
What happens if the misleading ads steal music from others like what happened to rusty cage with his knife song, but when he tried to counter, nothing happened with it
I hate mobile games
Mobile games seriously sucks. Bad adds, horrible content and micro transactions lots of it.
The pin puzzles are the worst, not gonna lie.
You think the platforms would step in and require them to show actual game footage in their ads.
Most of these so called games are pretty much false advertisment, ad machines. It's terrible and some of them would be cool too.
Yeah i just assumed that youtube aint doing anything be well, the are getting money from it so why should they care about their users
Lol there's also the whole "take footage of a game and change one word of the name" trend... Like "Rise of Empires". Three guesses what game they're ripping off when they say "in 1999, the world was captivated by this. And now you can get it on your phone in 2020." Or something like that lol
If ya need a new horror game to theorize about while fnaf is making its new game, Little Nightmares is really interesting with some confusing lore
Don’t get me started on those Episode Interactive ads, I be trying to find the story that I downloaded the app for 😭😭
Will you explain omori i dont understand the game
What you see in the ads is not what you expect in the actual game.
What is the chance of me getting one of these horrible ads during this video
It was 2019 when I realized annotations were gone. I didn’t even know, I just thought YouTubers stopped using them. I watched YouTube at 2009-2010 and _I didn’t even know._
When matpat didn't need this theory when it say it not legally there
F2p. Ha you'll never get any thing from my poket
When the epic ad is made as a joke but is better than 100% of mobile game ads
....
Some make me laugh
Let me go pay 30.00$ a month to play some raid shadow legends that I never wanted to play
YOUTUBE VANCED BABY
Humanity▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一   Humanity
I say we start a class-action lawsuit for false advertising against some of these, the first being the first one shown in this video, Hero Wars. I've played the game, and know they don't have what the advertise. We can hold them accountable on a civil level, and bring attention to this fraud.
I don't have ads but I don't have a adbloker
Thanks to this those annoying ads won’t bother  Plus I can’t watch actually good ads
I play dragon city-and you can watch ads to get rewards which I do A LOT and I get a lot of these puzzle key ads and it DRIVES ME CRAZY how idiotically they fail like someone who's just randomly pulling the keys! I almost downloaded those games JUST TO DO THE PUZZLE RIGHT. Mainly Evony
the only good ad ive gotten was one for afk arena, its rlly fun and i had if for a month before i deleted it!
The beginning part looked so real I actually skipped it because I thought it was an actual ad
epic doesnt even sound like a word to me anymore :(
I got to level 2000+ of gardenscapes and no dream even appered to me.
The only exception to this is Lily’s Garden Ads for me, since they have literally become an entire cinematic universe.
Uhh HMMMMMM I DIDN’T EXPECT YOUTUBE WOULD COMMENT
Not gonna lie ive been wanting to do a while series on youtube on watching the add and playing to game to show people what it actually is, how to avoid it, what to look for, and showing real gameplay so they can determine if they actually want to play it!
WHERE'S THE PETSCOP THEORY THAT YOU PROMISED FROM OVER A YEAR AGO?!
what I don't understand is how are they making profit from you installing the game only to uninstall it 5sec later after realizing its trash.
there's this mobile game that advertised on instagram, but it's different. it didn't have some clickbaity ads, it's just a guy saying "hey buy our game, we pay for this ad"
I am sure that you know the answer. But do'nt say it too loud. ^_^
I hate when you click x but it shows more  gameplay so you gotta wait more
A few of the games I play do this and it really bothers me bc they are really fun with incredible game play involved. I do not see why they feel the need to deceive people when the actual game is much more fun than the fake ads look. It is as if they do not give people any credit. They think everyone is stupid. We know what we like and I have now gotten to where I blacklist a software company. If I download a game based on an ad which turns out to be false I will not download any of their other games as point.
Epic 👍
ad: lol noob ur moms betr at game than ur dad actual game: you literally tap the screen once and you win
#2 on trending EPIC!
I find it so insulting when those stupid ads make a claim like “What age is your brain?!” And “only 5% of people can solve this!”  Even if the ad is sort of appealing to me I refuse to even click out of pure spite lol
1:12 I can already hear the "The soap you shower with.. IT'S $#!T"
“Ruining your childhood since 2011” and yet I continue to watch this channel
"wow that was really cool"
When i first saw the thumbnail, I was like thank god someone is finally saying something about this. Long live old IOS games.
yeah but how, WHO is giving them money? how are they getting their money to buy these ads?!
I feel bamboozled that Matt told me how he used to catch people’s attentions when watching his videos
The amount of over sexualised ads I’ve had is insane. I genuinely got curious one time and it was just a match 3 game
FYI, some of these mobile games that are shown on this are just a cover up for bitcoin mining so these games are really illegal with misleading ads.
Does anyone get mad for playing that is good but has a energy system? Because i do
12 thousandth
It's legal because the game isn't based on real torture lol
Me hase a sleep timer sleep timer time for bed : me ten more minutes on  my phone :
Game companies: chase a bag dont worry bout what im doin
Legendary
I getvthose ads but not as often as the anti smoking ones that're so disgusting that I remember the lengths and turn off my volume and look away and count the seconds.
i play homescapes actually. and sure you don't get much of the things it shows but i do like my mindless match 3 games and i've been playing something like 3 years now and i'm on like the 1600s i think. like i was peeved at first but i genuinely like the story it gives.
Actually, I've played How to loot.  It's legit a pin slidy puzzle.  Gotta select the right ones I guess.
The only good mobile game is Clash of Clans. Change my mind
Planetside 2 doesnt need ads. The gameplay is the ad
Waiting for book or musical theory
Don’t forget they also sexualize some ads
imagine how fun mobile games would be if you can go on the appstore and BLOCK certain game companies like VOODOO or the game company of Landscape yk that why you can get rid of all these puzzle games
As much as I poke fun of Raid, at least the ads are actually advertising their own game!!!!
The UK is really like “ hi, my daughter Sara Everard was raped and murdered by a police officer and her body was found in a river. We know exactly who did it and that police officers is not only not in jail, but still on the job” Judge : I kind of don’t care though  “ hey judge, we should make it illegal to peacefully protest” Judge: hmm, you might be on to something.... “ hey judge, I got a annoying ad on my phone” Judge: REAL SH*T
Glad the ad I saw for arknights wasn’t misleading(Just don’t call yourself a doctor in the middle of a surgery room) Didn’t expect the game to be rich in lore and character details too lol. First thought it was gonna be another cash grab game but I got something better
Seriously, Google give ad creator too much freedom. They can now Scam you via their misleading ads and never get banned by Google even though it's Illegal
can we just talk about how they make the "close ad" buttoms small asf? like if you don't have pinpoint accuracy, you accidentally click the ad and it directs you to the store
Lol become a legend is the worst of these
as a kid without a pc and no choice but to use a phone yea, this video is Totally for me
We all have a guilty pleasure
honestly, my favorite mobile games are games I have NEVER seen a single ad for ironic isn't it you spend so much time developing an ad to draw people to play yet some game without a single ad to its name is more enjoyable
This pretty much sums up ROBLOX
That's why I blocked ad HAHAHAAAA
Actually I was thinking about it when idk-what's-the-name-of-the-game ripped off age of empires gameplay..yeah true, it doesn't get supervised by authorities but if enough people report it wouldn't app stores do something about it since it's in their best interest to keep people wanting to use the app more to download trusty apps? I don't even look for apps anymore since I'm tired of playing the same game because of false ads..
I fell for this scam once It was on Facebook though, this game "HeroWars" looked consistent as in they were all puzzle solving ads and I was looking for a good puzzle game suffice it to say I was very displeased  with the mobile strike knockoff I found myself with and reported it to have it replaced with another game "total battle" so rather than download it, I reported that one too and will continue to do so.
So, if the left is stronger than the right, and the top is stronger than the bottom, does that explain why logos on web pages are in the top left?
Roblox games:
I remember annotations back on older vids of tobuscus
Well their gose my gamehood.. Fawk
I see all of these ads on *ANDROID*
That's how mafia works?
Codm is a good mobile game tho
This video is sponsored by by RAID SHADOW LEDGENDS
My mom got 5 minigames and she is in level 1000+ In gardenscapes
!EPIC!
Me taking a break from biology work to enjoy this video   *covergent evolution enters the room*
Ad: only a genius can solve this!   The game: literally Candy-crush
I play home and garden scape and I thought it was fun but that my opinion
Hey i love garden scapes😢lol
what do you mean by "when youtube HAD annotations"? doesnt it still have them? i mean its in the options of EVERY video to be able to disable or enable them.....
Puzzle: hahaha The actual thing:🧮
me using an ad blocker: what mobile ads?
I hate false advertising
Gacha Games with Waifu ads: Pathetic
There's a genshin impact ad that use the actual game play of genshin impact it look amazing so download it
This should be on film theory
Hero Wars: *Sweats*
When A country finally bans Homescapes Me:Atlast some justice
the title made me throw up
I wonder what was the backstory of Friday Night Funkin?
There should be a way on the play/app store to report misleading ads but i guess that would be too easy and i doubt google/apple would do anything anyway.
level 965 in gardenscapes? bruh respect
Did anyone else get the reference to Rick and Morty? If not, go watch S3, E02.
A/B testing is not very accurate and sometimes can mislead you to make a decision that's actually a mistake.
am i the only one that actually wants to play the fake mini games
I got an ad for lilys garden while watching this
Where's my check !!!  didn't you tell me if I watched this video you would give me a fake check for a million dollars 😜 ...
They put minecraft youtuber steveeee in the fake minecraft
That's some others including myself plays gacha games of suffering
Tbh the most effective ad for me is ads that advertise the actual game idk what are your opinions
I hate mobile game ads they are annoying
The intro was me downloadinr Mafia City
Dude mafia ads are just saying to shoot a bank and I level up the government just doesn’t want you to know
4:10 a funny moment xd
People in mobile game ads: am I disabled?
MatPat: "back in the days when we had annotations" Me: *flashbacks*
YOUTUBE COMMENTED- 💀
He is the chosen one. He will bring balance.
Most, if not all of the time when a title asks a question that draws people's attention, the answer to it is almost always NO. However with Mat it's most often 'Yes, but nothing's gunna change any time soon.' Good on you for breaking the mold, still don't think I need to know about AB testing to have been told the answer.
2014 game ads are more original and better than the game ads today
I literally searched for games like those simple choice ads  I found it but I’m kinda glad that I fell for this once
I hate u stop making scary vid
i though mat pat gonna show us the way to victory..but...its sad...we still have to watch 1 out of 4 add back to back for 3min each... im in hell
i got an ad about azur land that had a guy laughing at anime girls for no reason
Matpat you became usefull  they put more into advertising then the actual game Even roblox is better
Hehehe I pay for Youtube Red
channel:says frick youtube:you have violated the regulations and we have to demonitize and make you pay 100,000 dollars beacause you said  a violating word Also youtube when there are sexual ads:what regulations?  *holds 1,000,000 dollars
Never spent money on a mobile game
The ad: impossible  The game: easy as heck
Damn it, I'm 100% enthralled by that pig in boots ad.
Imagine spending money on those stupid games
They are trying to filter out the smart ppl becuz only dumbos will spend
Fun fact: if you disable wifi before starting your game you won't get ads
I answer the call of the wild by. I don’t want to do this but. I answer it by -breathing the breath of the wild-
Wow 2 on trending
My GF is past level 3000 and hasn't gotten one.
The Best MOBA games ever are DOTA , LoL, and the ONLY mobile MOBA game, Mobile Legends, and i dont want to shamfully advertise MLBB but its cool.
If an ad interrupts a video or a show it makes me want to get the item more and more less
By far the best game theory intro
Moblie Game: *is presented as good* Also moblie game: *is terrible* Developer: maybe if we add someone dying in the ad
Gardenscapes we are looking at you
wow Matpat listens to replyall! that's why I remember hearing this story before...
As soon as I watch this video I got a mobile ad right off the bat. How ironic
Theory: how does  bowser survive every time he falls into lava
9:41 face. funny face
At least they help content creator on YouTube and other platform get funds
WHO WANTS TO GET CLOSER TO JESUS  JESUS+STRUGGLING+REPENTANCE+SUFFERING+MOOD CHANGES+EVIL LEAVING=HEAVEN COMMENT IF YES AND Y WON'T JUDGE JESUS #SAVED
Anyone remmeber the coc ads?  yeah i miss actual gaming ads that i would enjoy
Not directly saying that they are “illegal”? I see what you did there.
Me: Watches the intro  Also me: Goes to the back of my closet to play Infinite Dendrogram.
But how is stealing game footage, like the Banished footage or constantly ripping of Age of Empires 2, not illegal?
Thank You, Mat Pat, for pointing this out to people.
Great Albert Einstein once said: A game with a price is no scam
Aw I see that you are a man of culture as well
This video was EPIC!!!
Anyone just download a game because the add is so annoying? I have (lord’s mobile)
I hate garden escape's ads
Misleading ads... Oh! You mean like every ad that interrupts every video on YouTube anymore. Got it.
the intro is the most accurate thing I have ever witnessed.
So this shows no one plays or actually reviews what sponsored them
Watching this on my phone 👍
"99.9% of people can't solve this puzzle"...  The puzzle: 🔴🟠🟡🟢                      🟥🟧🟩🟨   (Shh.. im just doing this so matpat will heart my comment and maybe pin me ;))
D i s a s t e r
I wanted to you to make an theory on the mobile game ads and mobile games pls
(Back when Game Theory used to make sponsored videos for garbage mobile games)
RANDOM END CARD TOURNAMENT; I miss the socks too.
Hey! Nice edits
You missed such a great opportunity! “You see that stick over there?” “Epstick!”
Yeah we have
3:04
I just don't find most of the medieval themed sappy looking terrible graphic puzzle games that entertaining, therefore not choosing to download it. But I understand that that would be very annoying!
I've waited four no Five thousand years for this
Hey wanna read a random comment           Matpat =Matthew Patthew
I cant tell just how many ads I've gotten about getting your dream waifu. Its scarring for the 12 year old mind.
Ive been complaining about this for years. But now some one wants to make a video about it. Man ur like years late lol.
i play homescape and it is FAR from the worst, but yeah straight up stealing gameplay footage to pass as your own should very much be illegal
The two game ads annoyed me yesterday, even a video are not copyrighted. The copyrighted video and other video blogs are only advertising food and drink products, e-commerce websites, and trailer of the movies.
Finally they take these god like animation lords like black plasma studio’s also aphmau Minecraft among us just cmon
WERE IS THE FNAF >:(
Mad respect for MattPatt directly and explicitly talking about their own marketing strategies, a lot of creators seem too uncomfortable to admit that they do in fact try to target an audience -- and if talking about marketing was a marketing strategy in itself to get reactions like this, bravo
I’ve seen this A LOT with Sate of Survival
Well can’t you claim mental health for these games? Wasn’t there going to be a law for loot boxes/in game purchases?
When he mentioned convergent evolution... I had a flashback to the Science test I took today.
wtf. ....... not in the end of the world
I actually saw a fake ad recently and I noticed something... weird. The unlike other ads, this ad didn’t have a report button. They hid the report button so nobody would be able to report their game. The way I new it was fake was because I had downloaded the game to a real ad a while back.
Isn't government corruption great?!?!?!? We should totally let them run out healthcare system!
I like how these ads say 99.9% CANT COMEPLETE even though it just swiping the screen makes me laugh how stupid they are and also whoever the h e double hockey sticks invented fake playable ads GO TO H E DOUBLE HOCKEY STICKS
The only way this video could be better is if at the end Matpat discloses that this video is sponsored by Genshin Impact to throw shade on their mobile competitors.
Raid shadow legends been real quiet after this video dropped
I remember getting an ad for a Bleach mobile game and it was literally just gameplay of Jump Force...
Short answer: No
don't trust the epic ads
Also youtube do something about v shred because that's spreading lies and is harming people
jokes on you, im using an adblocker
Now we need to ban Rise of Kingdoms and their terrible ads
hey could you do fran bow next
Saw this in recommended I would call you a genius but this should be common knowledge
Mobile game ads then: shows you awesome well made trailer with gameplay and bosses Mobile game ads now:99% wILl fAIL
Wait a minute are you telling me that the SUPERAMAZING ENDCARD TOURNAMENT!! Was all a ploy meant for us to give you data? I feel betrayed but also I respect the play
Wait what! This might eb the last time I will see a youtube anotation
DUDE! I remember annotations on yt
OMG THANK U MATPATTTTTT!!!!!!!
OnLY 5% cN CoMpLetE tHiS lEvEl Me an intellectual : Only 5% can complete this level because only 5% of humanity will play it
hey is that a wrench from bendy and teh ink machine 7:39
Theodd1sout will be 1when he sees this episode
Gardenscapes?
Actually, I pay for YouTube Premium _and_ I use an ad blocker on my PC, so I'm not seeing the ads. Thank God.
Omg FINALLY someone has to talk about this i've been stressing out about this for months
Basically no but nobody's doing anything about it so
Ok what about fnaf
When you see a game ad that looks exactly like the game, you know it's gonna be way better than any of these games
You're doing internet God's work sir!
RAID SHADOW LEGENDS DOWNLOAD NOW!
Me who dose not have money for a pc,console,or anything eleys: aww ok
I got an ad the other day on YouTube for some industrial scale quarry equipment, so I have no idea what's going on xD
Matpat: this show is ad supported  Ads: *not on this video*
I've been playing gardenscapes since when it was a browser game like 10 years ago, uninstalling and reinstalling it a couple times before because I got stuck. How did it come to this
Anyone else kind of miss the Super Amazing Endcard Tournaments?
Good question
Wait, some people actually spend money on these garbage games?
https://youtu.be/HPJji5Mk7bY
I love how when matpat doesn't like something is like SHOULD THIS BE ILEGAL like that emoji movie sucked LET'S RESEARCH HOW WE CAN MAKE IT BREAK THE LAW
thank god matpat mention the mobile games :v
Seeing as and skip : *No*  Seeing ad as meme: *yes*
I didn't know that anyone else felt the same way about them. This was one big surprise... but it had to be said.
Literally the best intro on youtube
Hey matpat! Since you talked about mobile games, can you do a theory on “Ellie help me out please”? Not only is it an amazing game, there are lots of mysteries that I think would be interesting for you! 🥺🥺
Finally! Some one pointed this out!!
* raid shadow legends intensifies*
Do lilis garden 😂
yknow what about those sexual game ads that youtube doesn't allow at all and also break their own rules but apparently demonetizes history channels
It's so cringe that I can't watch the video, but still listening to it.
When you're so right that even YouTube comments
Game theory idea: ruined portals in minecraft.
I want a Valorant theory
Tbh i like the fact that this channel is getting attention again and i started watching here since 2014
Life hack : play these mobile games without internet connection for no adds
THANK YOU MATPAT FOR MAKING THIS
Some of these ads take it one step further, who evers watches aphmau would know of her minecraft/among us videos. Well, I SAW A AD USING ONE OF HER VIDEOS!  The game is called imposter craft, maybe. That is copyright
Counterpoint: money is something that is valuable, sure, and the FTC should crack down on that. That's fine. What's more important is people's time. Money can be refunded, which can then be used on the things people would want instead. Time cannot be gained back, and once someone uses those 30 minutes playing a game of lies they can never get that back.
I remember one time I got this add about a vr game that looked really great but it was actually just some shy shooting game
No one chooses to click, they just misclick
I love it when MatPat talks legal guidelines
Actually I hate to be that guy, but if you don't get caught, it may still be illegal, but no one's  getting punished still
new mobile game you can do everything i want I willl    *DELETE THE GAME*
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do *clap clap clap clap clap clap clap* is my equivalent of a veteran's flashback when they hear a firecracker go off.
Finally!!! Someone says something about this! It’s ridiculous
Nothing is epic except for epic
This comment section? *EPIC*
STATE OF SURVIVAL: Download now!
Imgine watching this video an this ad plays
you wont believe this     i'm having these ads on youtube though they may not be as misleading
EA in a nutshell
I just can't wrap my head around "Mafia City" getting away with ripping off assets for their ad. Am I the only one who noticed they use Sam Fishers game model in the ads!? How have they not been sued yet lmao
Dude every mobile game shows like a 60 second unskippable ad after every tiny action you do, and another ad after every 40 seconds
Everyone cant find the cat 🐵🐱🐶   99999999999999% Will loze
remember when mobile game ads didn't lie about the game Like Clash of Clans, Dragon City, Summoners War, and even Garden Scapes at one point
FINALLY THE BIG BOi CALLES YOUTUBE OUTT
Fun Fact: Most of the game ads we see can be actually played in Y8.com instead of 'fake advertisements'
Lmao one time I got a ad of the game I'm playing (literal adventure capitalist ad while I was playing adventure capitalist)
Theodd1stout mentioned these "games" and he said it should be illegal
Matpat: as fast as the internet!  me: whos internet is 0.00000300002341 kb per second: dang that's really slow
Man I've been waiting for you to do a video like this now i can sit again
And this was meant to surprise us? Most mobile games are.
DAMN Game theorist op 1 gets me every time.
Oh no. I'm worried for Clash Royale...
The new fake ad is a Climb the Tower "puzzle", where you're a soldier at a certain level and you choose which enemies to fight. If your level is higher than your enemy, you win and gain their level; it's basic addition wrapped up in a game.  Of course the ad shows the player trying to take on someone at a higher level than them, because 11 is higher than 15 apparently. The whole point is to annoy you into downloading the app.
Worst, besides the obvious sexual content in the ads, is that game called "Empires of Ice and Fire" or whatever which uses it Age of Empires 2 footage And music. YouTube is becoming a deeper cesspool every day
Matt Patt is now the hero of many people
yes
Still waiting for QuarantinePat to review prey 2017
That is just how mafia works
I played Gardenscape before its terrible adds. these ads really ruined the game's rep.
WOOOOW I HAVENT SCENE ONE OF THOSE ANNOTATIONS IN SO LONG
Youtube ads be like:  start off poor  helps someone with high level  gets higher level than the person you helped
Finally...
I hate how they always make the ads that you cant skip the longest ones, or the whole thing where the close button is just small enough that it still doesn't count, or mainly, HAVING A TON OF DIFFERENT CLOSE BUTTONS they're defense is that: "the X was in the game."
I played garden and home before the fact adds. Its a fun game. Just dont lie to pepole. Thats the thing that upsets me
New mobile game you can do whatever you want is no longer on the play store
On HomeScapes I am over level 3000 and I have never seen the ad style gameplay.
I’ll get ads for a game like bow masters showing new game modes but if you download it, it just gives you the old and unchanged game. It’s BS
Soon someone from the company will have a job to cancel matpat
The only mobole ads I have never seen lie about there are those really famous companies making games.
Ég veit ekki hvað þú segir að ég sé íslenskur gætirðu bætt við yfirskriftum eða eitthvað?
And the people in the minigame shown in the ad are absolute idiots
Finally, a topic that I'm very invested in
Finally
This sucks..
Matpat talking about banished "relaxing" me panicking to stop this new disease from wiping out my things
Mercy wings
The doctor squatch guy tho...
One thing I always hear is that all these government agencies that's supposed to protect the American public and consumer like the FTC, FCC, or FDA usually lack funding or staff due to their low priority or lack of ability to generate profit. That gave me an idea, you know how the police would fine you or give you a ticket for speeding or public indecency? I mean, they are committing the crime and forcing the American public to pay for their indiscretion with tax money. Instead of making them auto-refund the amount they scammed, shouldn't they be forced to pay for the investigation of their crime as well? Instead of just paying the consumer for damages, we should discourage these illicit transactions by making them pay for the time and money spent to investigate them as well. Win win on both sides.
They should really give up on these lmao
This fnaf theory was lit  I mean, it makes sense FNF takes place in fnaf, and in the among us skeld  Also Skeletor being the bad guy was really unexpected
Am I the only who gets awesomenessTV ads?
I was surprised how happy that scribblenauts bit made me
opening skit was Rick and Morty inspired
ah yes... it's been a while since i last watched game theory... And damn how *EPIC* (no pun intended) that intro is... as always...
If alyssa is reading this: what on earth made you download Gardenscapes???????????
I’m gonna absorb the souls of who ever makes these ads
Say what you will, Raid Shadow Legends marketing team knows how to make a good ad or five.
When a ads that have famous people here:wait, that's illegal.
I've seen an ad that MADE you go to the app store
hi matpat i am in love with you
The best part is this video has no dislikes as of when im watching this witch is rare so everyone agrees with this great job mat
Finally someone talks about this
You talking about this reminds me of something I would love you bringing back, the SUPER AMAZING ENDCARD TPURNAMENT.
If dig in AppStore they are actually good game Pascal wager Dead cell Grid auto  sport Call of duty
Finally, something that is worth mentioning.
I can’t solve this!     🔴➰🟪 🟣 ?? 🟨 🟥🔙🟦 🟡🔝🔵
Thoses company's that had their adds stole the adds are more than likely after they see this vid are going to copy right clame the stolen adds that where stolen from them.
Thats nice... but did you know GEICO can save you 15% or more on car insurance? 🦎💰🚗
I once saw an ad that was literally just three... "conventionally attractive" animated female figures, scantily clad and dancing provocatively to a beat. Meanwhile, anime YouTubers are getting CHANNEL STRIKES for STATIC THUMBNAILS that show less! WTF YouTube!
Game Theory: I'd like to thank our sponsor RAID SHADOW LEGENDS.
When i think of mobile ads i think of those ads where its like ONLY 1% OF FREAKING HUMANITY CAN DO THIS
BUY BTT HARMONY VTHO VET WIN AND PUNDIX TO BE RICH WHILE THEY STILL CHEAP ......VERY BULLISH
My friend literally plays these kinds of games 😑
Mat have you ever considered making laws.
Only 1% of mobile game advertisers tell the truth.
Companies never learn
It’s about time!!! I hate these games and these ads. They are complete clickbait and not at all like the game!
Matpat: if you have ever watched youtube on a mobile device- me who is whatching this on a tablet: 😑😑😑
The mobile game and all momey money pay stuff makes me scared of what will be in the future
7:04 I remember this as League of Legends made it into a story...you basically click it to go a specific storyline...which is pretty cool
And Mario rip off😁
omg this intro gives me nostalgia
Yea I got mobile game ads even on my pc
While I was watching this I got one of those adds and just laughed at the stupidity of it.
Genshin would never 🥰🥰🥰
Man thank you I don’t have a pc so I half to use my phone and all of that is the same I get at the start of the video so thank you
This intro is sponsored by Davie504 *EPIC*
Is this some poor people joke I'm too rich to understand?
Why does YouTube let anyone make adds if they want I mean I come across adds that are actually scams every day and it drives me crazy knowing that the YouTube algorithm does nothing to stop it
This has only happened to me with one game. The ads showed it as a matching game where the icons slowly go upward and when it reaches the top you lose. In reality, it is a matching game but it's closer to majong.
Copyright???
I feel like this video was just an ad for these ads
Who here knows BasiclyHomeless The man with the Wii remote Or Mattshea
11:40 Money>Human life  Ah yes. Good stuff.
I once saw an ad on mobile below a YouTube video. Funny thing is, I saw the game theory logo in the corner.  It was for some quiz website, it was the thumbnail of your dream smp video and they didn’t bother even cropping out the game theory logo. Pickpocket has increased to level 100  Also can I just mention how the adds say something like: “I got to level 7777 but it too hard! Can not beat!!!!” And then the puzzle literally requires 1 move to beat. It just makes it seem like the advertiser is smooth brain.
Just that thumbnail is enough for me to throw up while also convulsing on the floor from the cringe
I have also seen a trend where the people playing the game in the advertisement are purposefully really bad it it, so you look and say “what wrong with this idiot, this looks simple, anyone could do that!” And that’s it, they’ve gotcha!
I saw an ad for a game called “Truck driver 3D” or something that stole footage from a YouTuber that was playing beam NG.drive a very realistic crash test physics game.          PS: “Truck driver 3D” was not realistic
Ég veit ekki hvað þú segir að ég sé íslenskur gætirðu bætt við yfirskriftum eða eitthvað?
I own some games that never had adds  on the App Store and the games are pretty fun one example city smash a game where you destroy a city with different types of disasters it’s quite entertaining yet it’s not on any games page or best apps list unless you type it in, weird.
Say bye to all the sponsors!
NOT illegal?  well it darn should be illegal
What the hell you can't just say something is is illegal just because you say so
isn't the top > bottom and left > right common sense? people read from left to right and top to bottom, so the first points in that should hold attention better, right? i imagine the order of attention is left>right>middle>middle-left>middle-right, and can be swapped top for left and bottom for right
This is why I never downloaded app games anymore.
What gets me is when the game company releases an actually fun game that I would want to play, but still uses fake ads. I'm specifically talking about Archero from Habby games. The ads show building mazes for enemies to walk through while shooting arrows at them, but it does not have that anywhere in the actual gameplay.
Mmmm it's been a while, good to be back on this channel.
Wait a minute, did i just see a “The Epic of Stew “ Reference?
Ads that do that really grind my gears
There actually is a game that used a gameplay from totally accurate battle simulator and make it look like its actually from their game.
"Careful, he's a hero."
And remember kids: FTC works ONLY in the United States (FTC falsely advertises that they "Protect America's Consumers"). That means that any other country's consumer protection program still has a say in the matter (For example the Competition and Markets Authority in UK).
So basically, if it can't be enforced, it's basically legal.
for this one, matthew, for this I listen to you
Than people made games off the ads.
Why is this game so hard 😤
False advertising after this 📉📉📉📉📉📉
Haha ah yes. Torture simulator lol
EPIC
No one:  Mafia city ads:
*#2 ON TRENDING*
Well they’re not “my” mobiles games
bruh they spending thousands just to see what whales what .....just put waifus and ez dubbs
If you like the video you’re legally skilled
Y'know, if  Gardenscapes showed me their actual gameplay, I might have wanted to actually play it. Now I just hate them.
FINNALY SOMEONE MENCHENED IT
Gardenscape used to show ads that showed the real gameplay once but when all of the ads with the key puzzles started appearing then gardenscape started doing that.
My dad... he is on level 1384 on gardenscape... or somewhere around there
Like the new Game theory intro.
They banned the garden scapes ads
If you are using a WIRELESS KEYBOARD on your handy you can have a CURSOR. Bluetooth baby!
i dislike these ads soooo much
Did you use the bfb sound effect row the user whisper
Personally, pretty much all the games on my phone are ports of console/PC games (ie. Dead Cells, Danganronpa, Castlevania, Bendy)
Hashira drifter ads literally uses Forza horizon 4 bruh
That 'legally skilled' bs. If I could shoot an advertisement...
my dad has 4000ish levels in gardenscapes and somehow he's not bored playing it.
This intro is an anime opening LOL
“I can’t make it to the finish line!”  The game:         O.                                             🏁     /. |.  \.               (Gap)               |      /.   \ ______________ ____________ |
I have seen so many ads where it’s about finding the cheater, and it’s marketed towards children.
Remember when mobile games were fun, yeah me too
I was asking myself this so much when a mobile game ad came up
I sneezed and you started talking about birds and bats. I have never been so lost in a video so quickly
It’s Chinese marketing companies
Who remembers the og garden scapes ad
Misleading and very annoying. =-=
pressed this video, got a mobile ad, nice.
JOKES ON YOU, IM 0 PERCENT RELATED DUE TO ADHD AND MY CONSTANT NEED FOR FUN
this is the reason why gacha games are better lol
I wish those games were Legendary  like PVZ, Jetpack Joyride, Angry birds, Bad piggies
The sloth is right good news is just bad news in disguise.
81million Dollars on Facebook ads.  Wow,,,,,, I wonder what else that money could have been used for?,,,,, Perhaps they could have donated that money to the causes they claim to support. I don’t mean to be preachy or anything, but,,,,,, Woof
There are actually good mobile games like.cod mobile,pubg mobile
To note great mobile game still exist
Yes I do remember those ads.
YOUTUBERS VS TIKTOKERS
epic
Fun fact! 10 percent of people who watched this liked
If your Chinese,you will know how fake are the ads,ex.vip666 to get 1million coins!
Mobile Game Ads have been real quiet since this was uploaded.
they are only targeting childrens to fool them just like how they fool people on microtransactions
7:05 yes Mat, I remember : )
One of the only good mobile games I've play that don't shove ads in your face is idle apocalypse, cute art style, witty dialogue, and it doesn't use awful gaming ads to pull people in   (Check it out please, its so unbelievably underrated and it's one of my favourite games ever, no I'm not a bot, just a fan)
I had to go do something in the beginning of this video but I knew it was a video about game ads so you can guess how confuse I was when I came back learning about birds and Bats
Just got a lily's garden ad.
I will say the only mobile game ad I can actually believe it's real is Genshin Impact.
There are some ads that when the ad finishes it automatically sends you to the appstore
Super amazing end card tournament!
"RIPOFF among us puzzle" The puzzle:  🟥🟥🟥 🟦🟦🟥🟥 🟥🟥🟥🟥 🟥     🟥
And this is why you buy YouTube preimium so you don’t get sucky game adds
If the creator of those ads watch this that would be *EPIC*
I hated mobile ads in my games i turned off my wifi to have no ads 👌
Mobile games: They’re evolving, just backwards
tbh the game that have the desc of epic sand box rpg  is a lie except for Several games in the play store like Genshin impact.etc
Hell yeah it's illegal
what’s the name for the fake ad for dragon awaken. IT LOOKS SO FAMILIAR AND NOSTALGIC WHAT IS IT CALLED
0:45 absolutely true
I also got a fake Ad XD
Ark mobile is a open adventure game
I would play genshin.. genshin is trustworthy.. u know.. i have always wondered y there ads like those..
Wow this video was *EPIC*
Love from india <3
I play a game like this  And it causes depression to the power players So yeah.   There are health affects drawing in power players for no real life returns
Yes YOU HAVE FINNALY MADE THIS also i only play games that are entertaining and not A scam
Oh wow I thought garden scape had the logic puzzle but I just wasn’t high enough of a level
so they're just predators taking advantage of a disease (addiction and depression). sure, nothing evil here.
What happened to shoddycast?
Are your theories ruining our childhood? In fact : the they are ( actually I don't hate you or blame you, the joke came in my mind, your theories are right ) love ya matpat )
#3 On Trending!? That's What Proves That These Guys Push Out Amazing Content
I think the modern warship game is one of the few mobile games that have an originality and less greedy
Why they not stopping ?       Money
Book theory?
most game for mobiles today are all expectation vs reality with their ads 😅😅😅
I often get annoyed by those ads of repeating situations whenever I play Another Eden, and it's really annoying. FINALLY! someone is talking about this and it's MatPat
Episode 2 of trying to get Matpat to do a theory on little nightmares 2 because all of the other theories are not put well together
Bruh, level 965. My mom is on 4000.
I can’t reach pink 💀😾  😠 👕 👖 🥾 🟧🟧🟧🟫🟫🟫🟥🟥🟥🟦🟦🟦🟩🟩🟩🟪🟪🟪
Wait, in the cases of outright stolen content or footage, wouldn’t the DMCA get involved too along with the FTC?
What karens see when they think of gamers. LOL but seriously though these mobile games are ruining our reputation and causing adults to think games do cause violence.
At long last, finally someone mentioned this! THANK YOU
Come-on, who wouldn't subscribe to match if Mark was hittin their dms?
Oh no
its one thing to have disgustingly misleading ads its another thing to have ads so bad they're worse than the actual game
matching games... matching games _everywhere_
Even Mobile Legends
Good thing i’m not the only one
Anybody else get an ad for one of these games immediately after the video?  I got an ad for that Penny & Flo game.
This video is EPIC
12:43 Don't you mean prosecuted?
I mean the one above me how dumb
The only apps I know that don’t fake the game play are Minecraft and Genshin impact.
YouTube should ban fake ads
I kept seeing this obviously fake ads about a castle game with dragons presenting itself as a game about a guy stranded on an island so I decided to see what the game was about and to nobody's surprise it wasn't that, so I left a bad review and they responded saying basically that they put those ads to lure people that liked diffrent kinds of games. To make it worse it had a giant bar saying that this was real gameplay
As a person who is forced to play games only on his phone I know how this feels
Im so happy that someone has pointed this out and I happy that it was Matpat
Rick and Morty haha
HI matpat I always leave a like on your Videos
Mobile game ad moms are insane at video games
But why is the first part about match 3 games so true
The into was a over statement the ads are way worse there normally say 99.9% of people can get throw the door and show an  open door
malicious ads: Youtube: i sleep  Youtuber: swears Youtube: OMG SUSPEND YOUR ACCOUNT!!!1!1
I play Homescapes and I get the mini games a lot more often than I would’ve thought
I play Homescapes and I’m in the early 1000 levels and I haven’t gotten one of those mini games
The thing below me when a company sees it *LeTs TaKe ThAt FrOm ThAt GaMe* its funny stupid an not cool
Omg this is the same thing when I have a mobile game it has ads that......you know sexual content in the ads and i only now play roblox which is fun!
Mmmm i feel old when mat says "are anyone that old to remember annotations"
I only play games that have no ads lol because games that play ads aren't good at all
Just got a "Lily's Garden" ad while watching this.  Also, I think you mean 'prosecuted' not 'persecuted'.
HAH this is hilarious cause I LITERALLY looked up if the misleading ads were illegal the other day just cause I was getting so sick of them! XD I want what it shows, not the dumb thing it tries to draw me into.
I was watch this video and got the same pull the plug
My mom is going to level 2425
Gardenscapes used to be an actual good game, back when it was a hidden object game with no ads or crazy in-app purchases. I’m so sad about how lazy and cheap a lot of new mobile games feel nowadays.
BLESSED CURSE   Judges 9:56-57 This strange story of Israel’s absolute first king – Abimelech is one that’s arguably started in the Garden of Eden where this all began. But more pertinently it started when Gideon built an idol in Ophrah which became “a trap for Gideon and his family”. Just like David’s woes with Absalom started with Bathsheba – this idol cause a domino effect of curses from Mount Gerizim (where the blessings were pronounced by Israel in Deuteronomy 11:29). Jotham, the last surviving legitimate son of Gideon, cursed Abimelech (his half-brother) from there. Under grace curses from others and those brought on by ourselves, are turned into blessings in the name of JESUS when we commended them to Him. Reverse the curse!
Ey MatPat I use my mobile device as an emulator for psp, citra, and gba and I think this is somewhat illegal
clickbait ads while watching vid and sexual ads on youtube timeline question me is youtube even seen the people who put their ads?
But you have a point for the misleading ad but steal footage of a Another game should be illegal
Guys as I was watching this I got an ad for one of the games he showed
Cats would actually be stronger than a  dog of equal size.
Back in the day I remember reporting a game ad on Youtube that was using Banished footage. The response back made it seem like the company middleman had no knowledge of what game was being advertised.
Pls theory sky
La muerte, es uno de los eventos más grandes que jamás tendrá lugar en tu vida.  Afrontamos la muerte todos los días, consciente o inconscientemente de ella; la muerte acecha en cada rincón de nuestra vida. Como un león esperando atrapar a su presa, la muerte nos llega a todos en muchas formas y formas; aparentemente no hay nadie que pueda escapar de las fauces de la muerte.  ¿Pero sabías que hay una razón por la que morimos? La idea de la muerte con la que está familiarizado es solo la punta del iceberg. Mira, morimos porque hemos pecado contra Dios. La muerte según la Biblia es paga "porque la paga del pecado es muerte" (Romanos 6:23).Debido a que el hombre pecó contra Dios, vivimos en un mundo caído, antes era perfecto, pero ahora está en ruinas. Ahora que el pecado existe, Dios viene a juzgar al mundo con justicia. Está establecido que un hombre muera una vez y después de este juicio "(Hebreos 9:27). El estándar por el que te juzgará son los 10 mandamientos, la ley moral de Dios.  Él es tan serio acerca del pecado que le dio a cualquiera que pecara la sentencia de muerte, la Biblia dice que te la has ganado pecando contra Dios y cada vez que pecas, acumula su ira. "El alma que pecare, esa morirá". (Ezequiel 18: 4) El castigo son los fuegos eternos del Infierno "Donde habrá llanto y crujir de dientes" (Mateo 13:42)  Tendrás que enfrentarte a Dios el Día del Juicio.  ¿Irás al cielo o al infierno?  Aquí hay una prueba rápida:  1-No tendrás otros dioses delante de mí. 2-No harás ídolos. 3-No tomarás el nombre del Señor tu Dios en vano, porque el Señor no dará por inocente al que tome su nombre en vano. 4-Recuerda el día de reposo. 5-Honra a tu padre y a tu madre. 6-No matarás. 7-No cometerás adulterio. 8-No robarás. 9-No mentirás. 10-No codiciarás.  ¿Alguna vez has dicho una mentira? robado algo? usó el nombre de Dios en vano? ¿Alguna vez has mirado a alguien con lujuria? Él ve la lujuria como adulterio, “Cualquiera que mira a una mujer con codicia, ya adulteró con ella en su corazón” (Mateo 5:28). ¿Alguna vez has odiado a alguien? él ve el odio como un asesinato, "Cualquiera que odie a otro hermano o hermana es un homicida" (1 Juan 3:15)  Santiago 2:10 dice, "la persona que guarda todas las leyes excepto una es tan culpable como una persona que ha quebrantado todas las leyes de Dios".  No confíe en su propia bondad o buenas obras para salvarlo. Eso es como sobornar a Dios para que te deje entrar al cielo; Ni una iglesia, pastor, sacerdote o religión alguna. Ninguno de nosotros es bueno en absoluto, incluso los asesinos, violadores, incluso Hilter se llamarán buenos y tratarán de justificarse por sus buenas obras. Pero la biblia dice:  • "Pero todos somos como cosa inmunda, y todas nuestras justicias son como trapos de inmundicia; nos marchitamos como una hoja, y nuestras iniquidades, como el viento nos llevaron". (Isaías 64: 6)  La definición de Dios del bien es moralmente excelente y, por lo tanto, exige perfecciones absolutas. Nadie puede igualar sus estándares. Por eso Jesús dijo: • "Nadie es bueno sino solo Dios". (Lucas 18:19)  Si ha hecho alguna de esas cosas, Dios lo ve como culpable de quebrantar su ley y la Biblia advierte que los culpables terminarán en el infierno. ¿Serás culpable el día del juicio final?  "Porque la paga del pecado es muerte, pero la dádiva de Dios es vida eterna en Cristo Jesús Señor nuestro". (Romanos 6:23)  Dios envió a su Hijo a sufrir y morir en la cruz. Jesús tomó el castigo sobre sí mismo y derrotó a la muerte en la cruz; no por tu Bien sino porque Dios es rico en misericordia.  "Porque tanto amó Dios al mundo que dio a su Hijo unigénito, el que en él cree no se pierda, sino que tenga vida eterna". (Juan 3:16)  Jesús resucitó de entre los muertos y venció a la muerte. Arrepiéntete (vuélvete del pecado) hoy y confía en Jesús y Dios te concederá vida eterna; también nacerás de nuevo.  Él te dará un corazón nuevo que desea la justicia, lo que es justo y un corazón que amará a Dios.  por eso Jesús dijo: "De cierto, de cierto os digo, que el que no nazca de nuevo, no puede ver el reino de Dios". (Juan 3: 3)  Luego, lea la Biblia y obedezca lo que lee.  ☆ ¿Cuándo vas a estar bien con Dios?  "Hoy, si escuchan su voz, no endurezcan su corazón como lo hicieron en la rebelión" (Hebreos 3:15) "Ahora es el tiempo aceptable, he aquí ahora el día de salvación". (2 Corintios 6: 2)  • "Tampoco hay salvación en ningún otro, porque no hay otro nombre bajo el cielo dado a los hombres en el que podamos ser salvos". (Hechos 4:12)  Es tu elección. Los dejo con esto: "¿De qué le aprovechará al hombre si gana el mundo entero y pierde su alma?" (Marcos 8:36).  Si te estás tomando esto en serio, ¿te gustaría una oración? Esta oración no es garantía de que serás salvo, eso es entre tú y Dios. Sin embargo, me gustaría que este fuera un buen comienzo para su viaje.  "Padre, te agradezco por el corazón abierto de esta persona y le pido que se arrepienta y confíe solo en Jesucristo. También te pido que guíes sus pasos en su camino para que pasen de la muerte a la vida. En el nombre de Jesús Amén.  Cuando encuentre tiempo, lea esto:  https://www.livingwaters.com/save-yourself-some-pain/
"I CAN'T REACH PINK!!!!"  The ad:    *L I T E R A L L Y   N O   P I N K*
Corporations blatantly lying to people for profit and the government just lets them do it...  Yep, it's a day ofthe week that ends in day.   You can bet your life on the government and corporations lying to and scamming you.
The games' ads are just absurd and unrelated to the actual game. The new clickbait has begun
Fun fact gardenscape and homescape were originally not misleading but then they changed the ads for some weird reason
why that not illegal,every ads is stupid or maybe some of ads are bad like the mobile ads and some ads see in your TV,when i go in play store almost on the top are games that have noble ads
HOW MANY SUBS CAN I GAIN FROM THIS COMMENT  CURRENTLY: 168
Remember:     You’re only skilled if you have a legal document about it
I thought he was gonna be talking about gacha for a sec
I think you should get different ads depending on what you watch because in the fricken 2020 election I got to many ads to vote when I’m literally 13 and some of them like the rob staffsholt ad just had a weird picture of him, like 2 reasons to vote for this guy and then just said: Vote Staffsholt November 3rd. Wow great ad you got my vote even thought I’m THIRTEEN
Damn am I the only one I thought they were going to bring back the end card tournament
I remember annotations lol
Wyf
Game theorist: Me playing a game with no ad: *THUG LIFE*
I REALLY wanted this to be sponsored by Raid: Shadow Legends...
No ideas for videos? Scraping the bottom of the barrel? Here's a game for you to theorize about: SuchArt Creative Space.
ok
The people in the ads have like 1 IQ
That really sucks I was hoping for some better news on this subject, but since obviously no one cares more specifically the FTC doesn't care I guess there's nothing we can do :(
Just mostly false advertisement
That is the most accurate intro I have ever seen.
"We are evolving... Just backwards" never a sentence perfect for this ever, from good actually good ads, to trash click bait ads
This video is 2# on trending
Love the "Legend of Stew" reference. Only OGs know.
Thank God someone is talking about this
I got tricked I like the game but it looked like a shooter and it was like a rip of clash of clans
Book theory should exist I'd love to see one on unwind
Finally somebody are talking about the problems of these ads
Intresting
I actually saw an ad where they apologized for thier low quality ads and said they would change and they did
Dogs stronger than cats. Oh no. No, no, no, no.
Finally someone discussing the *real problems*
Finally.
I know it
this is amazing
Well most mobile game ads are not very good at advertising most with a few exceptions (mainly Warpath). Others such as, Puzzles and Survival, Homescape, Clash of Stick Men ( There could be more I do not remember the rest of them those are just the common ones I’ve seen) are not very good at advertising and do not want to make me download the game based on ads that use forms of fake gameplay to make you want to download the app. Also making it look like in these ads you fail at a very simple puzzles which are very easy for other people to solve are not going to make me want to download a game. Another side note female computer voices in other games such as Fish Go explaining 3 types of players in the game does not sound good for an ad either. If anyone else wants to agrees with me let me know.
Or homepin  Only 0.000001 present of people can win  The game :match  🍆🧅🥨🧀🥦 🍆🧅🧀🥨🥦
Luckily I never installed these games.
Young me found this out faster than you could ruin my childhood
You should do a theory on what  the Angles are in high rise invasion. That new anime that came out  this month
Before Completion: THHHAAANNNKKK YYOOOOUUU
There is a game called runner guy who stole fall guys footage and we can clearly see that they are fake even they use streamers footage
Oooh why can't I solve this painfully obvious puzzle maybe I'm not a legally smart 200IQ gamer (cringe sound effects)
speaking of mobile game ads i saw an ad that used your thumbnail the one that says war on dream it was for a knockoff Minecraft game. They didn't try to hide it either they left the game theory logo in and everything.
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who was getting all of these disgusting mobile game ads. Thank God for adblockers.
Hi walcome to Epic your App the Stranger App
Youtube these days
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 17. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
The watery dressing neurochemically enter because wren certainly hurry over a  flagrant violin. abounding, quizzical cougar
The real problem is big advertising hosts like google accepting these ads. They care little about protecting their userbase and much more about the money.
Lol
The worst ads are the download buttons that always appear next to the real download button.
Minecraft is epic already
3:42 it that Super Mario 3D World + Bowser's Fury
FINALLY! About time
Evolution is a lie
There are also the mobile games where it looks like a toddler is trying to play it. Like “95% of people can’t solve this!” and it is matching colors up
the ad itself is the problem when it's forced some games gives you bonus if you watch an ad then you have to take it and shut up other games just force it on you
Oh, look, an actual Game Theory episode. It's been a while since we've had one of those.
That wasn't a theory at all, I'm pretty sure that was all facts
And what about those ads that literally steal scenes from other games? Are they allowed to do that?
one of these games that Ive seen recently that has annoyed me is rise of empires. the ad shows a comparison showing age of empires gameplay and showing that "its now on mobile" by attempting to modify our childhood memories of playing aoe2 assuming we had forgotten the actual name making "rise of empires" as sounding plausible. I hate those stupid misleading ads.
Yes
I personally have made an oath to never install games that say "click to play" and then send you to the app store
Remember when game ads are actually good?
I saw a banished gameplay.
6 words: Raid Shadow Legends and Lilies Garden
2:45 that’s rookie numbers my moms at 2800
Tho what u say is true, final fantasy brave exvius And final fantasy war of the visions are both great games that dont push u to spend money, ever! I kno, shocking right!? But, its true
bruh fax that soap guy with the beard is the BEST spokesperson for any product like he actually has me interested in the products which is rare
So. Petscop?
I've also seen ads that claim they give you money irl or PayPal funds.
I feel like it's been forever since we got the vanilla Game theory intro and honestly I've had a s***** day and it is just what I needed
Powerade is really a neutral floor cleaner?!? Next on Food Theory!!!
Hey can anyone help me understand how minecraft's slime works why doesn't it stick to honey yet it does to almost everything else.
Lol hi if u love ur subscribers you will pin this
One, these ads are really clever acting like the game is hard when you can see what to do. Second, one of those false advertising mobile ads just popped up right when I clicked on the vid.
These companies when they see MatPat made a new video on them: 藍紋奶酪，我發誓我沉迷於藍紋奶酪
My grand mom playing home scapes and garden scapes
1:32 just why...
hahah at last someone talk about this. it really stress me out
Is there anything stopping those mobile companies, stealing the gameplay footage/trailers of others, from being sued? That sounds like something that'd be hard to loophole out of.
i hate ads almost all of them is fake and many microtransaction
these games also steal animations and game footage from youtubers without their permision
How about actually make the key pulling game? It looks like fun. I want an actual key pulling game like what they show in all those mobile ads.
Lol I was prettty far in gardenscapes and there was no such minigames. I searched about it and i found out that they added those minigames because they were getting sued because of their scam ads
See that air?        *E P I C*
As a mobile gamer, this is so true
What scares me is how accurate the thumbnail is...
This is so true, I got so angry when I downloaded garden scapes, and they still advertise the same @#$& they won't stop  🤷 but now I know
I am SOOOO glad that Mat and the Theorists team did this video. These advertisements have been driving me up a wall here lately so it's great to see someone talk about them.
I've watched some ads for in-game rewards on mobile games. There are a few that seem to have figured out how to launch the play store without me touching the screen.
that's not the problem sometimes after the wasted time for a useless app you can't even see the close button so you will click the ad anyways and some idiot in the data collecting will think yeah it worked guys
I would think another major problem with these games using fake or stolen footage in ads, a huge chunk of them are just simply not based in the US.  The FTC simply wouldn't have any power over them, it would have to be specifically the governing agency in their country.  And those countries? Tend to be the ones that don't care in the slightest.
I've seen that intro song NOT from this
669 dislikes, really guys?
finally someone looks into this ive been sick of this
When i see them ads on facebook, i remember that i already have Fate/GO and Pokemon Masters. And then scoff. "Like hell i'm playin any of these."
he’s just mad that his mom is better than his dad at match tile tower
Random comment
Do one on little nightmares 2
I dunno why homescapers keeps making ads that aren’t like the game at all. Like it’s a fun game just advertise it as it is.
Most of the time I accidentally click the ad when I try to click the x button.
Just gonna say, when Mat Pat finally decides to make a fourth channel, its theme colors had better be blue, or YouTube will come for him.
lol i used to play gardenscapes 😂
idk man, taking someone else's footage and using it as an ad kinda seems illegal and kinda seems like a violation to some copyright laws...
1:29 Now I’m relieved that I live in hk Voicing sounds way better
And that’s why I just download and replay old games I had on my old Samsung tab 1
I got a lily's garden ad less then half way but its ok because i like those ads
I get a ad that said : north korea is launching two missile at usa.  But the name is furniture and decorations home
Default man's first words
Omg I got a YouTube Survey about AD improvement
"Mobile games in ads" *prince charming on horse* "The actual gameplay" *Prince Charming on stick horse*
Video Idea: Steve in ssb is actually herobrine who hacked his way into smash
I find the advertisements of the ads more interesting. Like the animation is hypnotizing.
Those ads are probably just meant to trick kids into downloading their horrible game.
They aren’t, but they should be. I’m losing brain cells the more I watch these, which is definitely a health issue.
Ads:I can’t reach pink 😓
I miss annotation
#2 on the trending not the gaming one that awesome
Did anybody else get a shitty mobile game ad while watching this?
Dude I fine is malay
0:47 my god how long have i been gone
Instead of adapting another game, playrix could use the footage of the entrance animations. I mean, those are fire😹
Dont know why, but those ads that's about making money always use Chinese people to make the ad.
World of tanks blitz is really good and corresponds with ads
"The ads...their evolving..."
A lot of these mobile games with fake advertisements  have loot box mechanics in them.  I think that's a good enough excuse to warrant the FTC investigation?    Is not teaching kids how to gamble a danger?  I find it very hard to believe that the false advertisement is being used to Target solely Power players. I see these ads as a way of tricking children into playing a game that tricks kids into buying items that have no value to it gameplay.  Also for those of you that think I'm creating an arguments to destroy your game. you can keep your loot box mechanics  if you're going to keep your loot box mechanics then We should have the right to sell off the s*** we get from those loot boxes just like the Pokemon card system
This is exactly why I pay for YouTube premium
5:33 I'm unironically going to play this.
also there's a game called "guns of glory" which stole game play footage from a game called "total war: Napolean"
Who else got a Lilly's Garden ad before this video?
I can name one game that is not a garbage mobile game, it’s called Honkai impact. Which has an amazing story, and really fun gameplay also it can actually run at 60 frames instead of that awful frame rate of most ads.
9:40 This symbol looks like a sleazy face and now I can't unsee it.
The red scares me
He should do a short theory , actually never mind that falls under the film theory category.
Me:*skips intro to a video Also me when I'm watching any of the Theory Channels: I don't need sleep I need Intro
The Only mobile game whitch dosent do this is Minecraft PE. (Its not the only one.)
There was one I saw called I think trucking sim crash and it stole game play for beamng drive for it’s add
yk the funny thing is this video didn’t once mention or show the game in the thumbnail       *interesting*
Mobile Game ads when Game Theory found them :  We'll be fine, he can't touch us.  Game theory : * proves them wrong and gets #2 on trending *   Weird and odd online quiz ads : I'm in danger 😃
lol he put the crow 64 vid in the i card when he wmentioned birds
no no no no no that ad was to real
There's this game it's called Stick game war 2020 it has an ad a puzzle game ad  It's not surprising it's not actually the gameplay but the thing is it is actually a ripoff of my old favorite game called Stickwar Legacy  Play it,It has great graphics and is the original idea  Play Stickwar Legacy
This is why I look for my app and make sure there real. Also, I got apps that are collections of those games. And I've adapted to it. Advertisers make me do a lot 😞
mobile game ads in a  nuitshell (Not realistic, jut another random mockery) OMGG!!!!111!!!!!! 9765845537383939.473647274385375348% OF PEOPLE CANT SOLVE DIS GAEMMMM!!!!111!!!11111! *WHATS 1+1???? IS IT 2. 2. 2. or LETTUCE???? MY DAD VS MY MOM OMGGGGGG DAD IS STUPID HAHAAHH HE PICKED LETTUCE, OH MOM JUST CALCULATED HOW MANY ATOMS ARE IN THE UNIVERSE!!1111!!1! DOWNLOAD NOWWWW XDDDDDDD
These ads may downfall like the case with lootboxes, we could just wait for one to mess up or one to pop up and spread a computer virus for governments to start looking into it, that is my theory tho...
How these ads are designed and how they're targeted to these "power players" this makes me think they're very simple-minded
Only the ogs remember the save the crocodile mobile game
But can game company A sue game company B if game company B uses footage from a game by game company A and uses the footage to promote their game? Example: Can the creators of "New Mobile Game You can do whatever you want" be sued by the creators of Banished?
Pretend I have a check mark by my name so I can get thousands of likes
is it just me or does anyone else remember seeing those old tiktok ads where that were so creepy and sexual, it was crazy to fathom how they were even allowed on youtube
My thought process is that these ads are like this way because a. People will think they are extremely dumb and infuriating to the point where they want to do it themselves and satisfy the fury.  b. People are legitimately stupid, or they overcomplicate the puzzle to the point where you have no clear idea what the answer is, even though it's right there. c. They want to download the game to see how bad or easy it is, based on the ad. d. Sheer chaos. People will want to get the game because it genuinely looks interesting based on the content of the ads themselves. Probably missing or forgetting a couple things.
The intro itself has more quality than the apps
Mobile ads be like:  Only 0.00000001 can beat it                               _ Start ========   ===== End                            | |                     Wrong way
dude i play mobile games
I stopped playing mobile games long ago
Its not a theory its a fact
Evolution is biologically impossible. That's all.
Congrats on trending
Epic.
y
lily's garden is the only ads that i"m cool with seeing. We all know why
Nobody: Mobile game ads: "if you can get to level 4 your legally skilled😱" "I can't beat level 6!🥶" "My mom 😈   |    My dad 😵"
When I see these ads, I just want to smash my phone on the ground because these ads are VERY stupidly annoying and terrible
There's also ads that look like this:  Who will make it to the finish line first? 🤔   MOM                      |  DAD                                 |                                 | 🏁 🚗                    |  🏁                       🚗                                 |
Tough luck for them: I don't have money of my own to spend. 😂😂
EPIC    EPIC    EpIC:         :        V   ....   ScrOOL DOWN           EPIC
I see those ring pull ads everywhere.
Shouldn't the games whose trailers have been stolen sue these mobile games or something similar to that effect?
I literally bought youtube premium to stop see ads like this
I get “hot girls game” ads,    But the thing is, I’m attracted to men
I have been hoping you would do a theory on this like I’ve been think the exact question
The only one I actually respect is too blast. A 3 minute long ad that is quite literally a all 3D animated, beautifully composed, and is actually amazing. I actually thought about getting the game because of it. And it wasn't directly misleading. It still used aspects from the game within the ads.
I got one of the ads you were talking about called Lily's (me!😡) garden at 6:28
I remember when home scapes ads actually represented the game, still never played but atleast it was accurate!
Bruh that intro was so bad it brought me back to 2010 Although the video was good the intro wasn't
FTC just want money. They approve all misleading ads just for money. What is wrong with this world
I dropped my sword and cut my foot. Has nothing to do with the video, just thought I should share
the intro ad did not feel 30 seconds long, that felt like a millennia
I have an idea for the fourth theory Channel. A great idea that is kind of directed towards a different group of people but my idea is conspiracy theory. Its all about conspiracy and just going over stuff about peoples assumed perspective. One could be the moon landing and why people think its fake. I think that would be cool.
Copy right  games should get deleted on I phone and android
Me press video Also me gets ad of moblie legend
Also having copyrighted music. don't forget that
I wish they would let you report every ad you see. I try to report Grubhub ads and there's no option for it
Nah mate, I got adblocker
This happened to me with AFK Arena ads.
I hate these ads WHY IS EVERY ADS IS CRINGE AND FAKE  AND WHY IS IT LEGAL ???!!!
7:05 matpat ur making me feel old
Who else has seen a mafia ad
I’ve played enough browser games in 2007 that I saw the Wailords coming.
If that gameplay was the real gameplay for most of the game, I'd play those games. But instead I got a shitty idle RPG with those puzzles as mini games. And the reason I downloaded it in the first place is because seeing the failure over and over and over on the ads drove me up the walls and want to solve it myself.
The fact that I got the EXACT SAME AD halfway through the video 😂
Anyone else's grandma on like level 2000 of candy crush? 😃🔫
I saw an ad for some poker game that was just game footage from Red Dead Redemption 2. Not even anything else just straight up Arthur Morgan playing poker
Little nightmares and little nightmares 2 lore today
Bruh while I was watching this I got a Lily's garden add 😂
The thing I hate most about these ads is the fact that they make stupid decisions. For example, “ you need to match three tiles”. The ad: matches tiles that are clearly not the same.
The zesty desert expectedly ignore because seashore holly arrive following a awful course. rhetorical, befitting giant
6:14 Wait does Mat believe in evolution?
I think it's funny how we started with the misleading ads for games that look interesting, but don't actually exist and eventually got people making those games to meet the demand.
Mom is always better than Dad
I saw that Dani (Dani the Creator of Karlson) is reacted that someone using his footage for Ads! and seriously....he got mad and he managed to ban the game for copying the footage of him  (The footage is Among US 3D by Dani and the unknown guy was copy the footage so people will be excited to play the game)
Are we gonna talk about the actual scam ads where they promise money but don’t even give a cent?
Technically couldn't you go down the root of this negatively effecting people's mental health? I'm sure you wouldn't have to look far to find people and I can imagine anyone suffering from addiction, anxiety or learning disabilities would be especially at risk.
uh a nother game that does the pick thingy is save the girl and others
Yeeeees! I haaate those fake ads.
Did I watch an ad?
Okay, we have to all agree. PLAYABLE ADS ARE THE BEST ADS.
Misleading ads aside, ones that outright steal visuals from another game are a problem. It's not a problem of misleading/untruthful advertisement, it is a problem of copyright. Someone worked hard to make the game that they are stealing from so that theft should be punished.
Can we also talk about the Mr. Beast "giveaways" being in your feed as an Ad!
Oh my god, annotations.
Im illegal now
Not to mention some of the ads used in *childrens* games are NOT for kids
"Twice in the whole game"  Wait, it's actually in the game?
Level 965. So cute. I was passed level 1100 before these sorts of ads were made!
MATPAT reverse the noises for golden freddy in the fnaf 1 office he actully talks
I think someone is striving to this day to make the Key Pulling Puzzle an .io game
Level 965?!?!?!?!?! I played for like a week and only got to around level 12 wtf!?!?!?
6:00 What??? that is the EXACT textbook my PA high school uses!
12:41 I think you mean "prosecuted." 😏
*2nd on trending* Mobile game ads: am I the bad guy?
Me: seeing hot MILF in your areas ads  Also me: hasn't found any  This is misleading.
Kinda tripped me out that MY phone is the picture used lol
You know tomas and trains, what are they, there alive having emotions, we even see humans inside on some videos to help with engines, what are they mat pat, children who have there brains infused in a train.
Once I found an ad for a "love game" (don't question this) and it turned out to be a fighting game. I mean totally different gameplay.
that ad at the start was less braincell consuming than actual mobile game ads
Why are you making a game theory about this
I actually downloaded “Landscape”, but I found it in the store, not from the ads. I honestly didn’t even know that those ads were apart of the game until I played it. I was like “oh, I’ve seen this as ad before....wtf?!”.
Every ad I cAnT ReAcH pInK cOlEr (even tho there is.no pink coler)
omg thank you. Been wanting about this for years and thought I was alone... I won't touch mobile games because of this. How gullible is the average mobile gamer?
I mean at least the lily's garden timeline is entertaining...
I've actually been wondering about this for years, thank you
The 666 dislikes are from the devil himself
maybe the games should make this vid their ads becouse its talking about them
This is why I don’t play mobile games anymore
this is da worlds new best vid
Can you do a video about Yume Nikki?? Pleasee
EPIC
Yesterday when i was going to watch a FNaF Video and i get a FNaF Ad using a Fan Animation
lol. The phone games abusing gambler addicts(+kids) and there are bigger fish to fry. Good job FTC.
Someone correct me if I'm wrong but, shouldn't some of these games ads get into trouble for Plagiarism since they use footage of another game or advertisement to promote their game.
The only mobile game ads that are not disappointing are Genshin Impact ads
1:12 same honestly  “YOU’RE SOAP? ITS SH*T.” “BUT NOT DR. SQUATCH” Tbh good soap u should try it lmao I like it
This is the most true video on youtube.
Game theory EPIC this video EPIC everybody that's a theorist EPIC
lmao i literally downloaded garden scapes YESTERDAY. This is so funny how you just made this 😂😂   but anyway um, i’m on level 50 and i got the minigame like 10 times or more? 😛   tbh the game is ok, if you like candy crush or bejeweled type of games
dang it i literally just had a science question on convergent evolution, i got it wrong
lol
Dear MatPat: quick tip for the last quadrant of the "Theory Circle": If you flipped the GTLive trophy upside down, then flipping it the correct way up, it would reveal itself to be the final quadrant! Or, you know, just make book theory.
I've been questioning this for years
I can't believe your talking about...     *The game Plague*
The unreasonably tiny x or even a fake one, like just because I clicked your fake x and thrown into your stupid download area doesn’t mean I want your game.
People watching this video are like: - In Bed - Not In Fullscreen - Reading Comments - If I’m right you have to subscribe to me☺️
People watching this video are like: - In Bed - Not In Fullscreen - Reading Comments - If I’m right you have to subscribe to me☺️
People watching this video are like: - In Bed - Not In Fullscreen - Reading Comments - If I’m right you have to subscribe to me☺️
The literal official *YouTube channel* commented, I really hope they do something about it
People watching this video are like: - In Bed - Not In Fullscreen - Reading Comments - If I’m right you have to subscribe to me☺️
I kinda find it funny how some mobile apps actually had adds that once showed actual gameplay of the game but now they just show fake gameplay
Or how about Raid Shadow Legends? Sure, the game is fun and all and the sponsorship deals show actual gameplay, but I’ve seen numerous ads for the game that don’t even show any actual gameplay. One ad is a cutscene from the guided tutorial at the beginning of the game and another ad is a cutscene that doesn’t even show up in the game.
I don't like how the opening gag is actually on point
I’m at level 1761 in Homescapes and I got the mini game 4 times
You know, I would have loved to double subscribe  because of those double arrows. So, Myth Confirmed.
Fnaf
This is why i love Mihoyo. NOT LIKE THEY USE STORY CUTSCENES FOR THE GAME FOR ALMOST EVERY ADD. Thank you Mihoyo for actually useing gameplay in cutscene in your adds. (Honkai/Genshin Impact)
One ad said in a robot voice, and I quote    "This game is so hard, I can't do it. Try to do better then try me BI$H"
anyone else smile as he references the "Super Amazing End Card Tournament"?
it's the yooka-laylee & banjo-kazooie references that got me
speaking of fake ads the app named puppy town is a scam. in ads they give money but the truth is that they dont give money
ΔΔΔ rip michigun
Ad: no one can finish this puzzle  The puzzle                           Answer                      _ _ _ _ _ _.                A b c d e f g h I j k l m                   N o p q r S t u z
I don't understand how anyone would be stupid enough to believe these crappy mobile game ads.
OMG, a "Super end card tournament" reference in 2021?!? That's even more nostalgic than annotations themselves
at dead of night theory
Save the girl, pull him out, save the fish pull pin are also ones that look like the add
let's just use the burger king video answer and shame them
The homescapes/gardenscaoes games is a great game tbh,, i remember ehen it was on pc as a search and find game. the premise was really good like you buold your home search for stuff to sell. the ads are sht though and i guess they sold the rights to the homescapes name to some shtty company wc now runs the ads
In Japan, you get this sort of well-made pokémon-ish game where it LOOKS like an well-made horror game app based off from Pokémon. Nope. It's just a straight up copy of pokémon.
Mobile games are just complete lies lol
Okay but lily garden ads be super entertaining to watch. its a whole tv drama at this point
Notice how if you read the reviews,  The reviews are the opposite of the "average review rating" funnily enough it's more than one game that does this
epic.
You think that’s worse?I had to see an unskippable add of two lesbians litterly doing it.and now I play online games like roblox or rec room.
My man MatPat hit on a political issue and Somehow didn't get opinionated, what a legend.
The new warpath ad is basically a short movie. It shows that the marketing put time and energy to make it. I’d like to see more dev doing something different like that.
I hate those stupid mobile game ads those dumb torture games
9:37 why does the badge look like it’s smiling-
EPIC
When matpat likened the game developers to animals I laughed
If you wanna play good mobile games, play roblox/Minecraft/angry birds 2 these games don’t have ads or a little bit of ads.
I was a word for people’s terrible mobile ads. “Stupid Idiotic dumb Clickbait”
Mega City Super Hero Town -  San Andreas Crime Simulator Life
Btw love to whoever made the scribblenauts reference
Mobile ad video games sucks more than ANYTHING ELSE!
THE RETURN OF THE INTRO!!!  IT FEELS LIKE IT'S BEEN AGES SINCE I'VE HEARD IT
Mobile ads have 3 categories: Annoying, Stupid, and Unoriginal. All of the games listed here hit all 3.
As a Christian I do think evolution is a somewhat designed process (or at least nudged in the right way) but other than that the point conceptually still stands.  Don't know why I always feel the need to share my thoughts on this topic lol
This is exactly what I hate dude. And then I end up downloading it 😭😭😭
either these ad people are trying to make people look like idiots, or it's them who's playing thinking the puzzle is hard.
Bruh those boxes on the screen was the nostalgia hot I never knew I needed   I remember when it was on old Lego minecraft tutorials from before Lego minecraft was a thing
Season 5 rick and mordy
anyone who downloads apps from ads are not right in the head especially mobile games
There's also the adds that steal videos that other youtubers made without permission to use to advertise a different game with the same mechanics. Doodle chaos comes to mind.
0:30 Stock Guy's house is looking pretty great! All that GT youtube money been helping him a lot!
I was WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO
Reminds me of how animals keep evolving into crabs
Someday these ads are gonna get called out....someday....
I thought I could trust mobile games to not be so stingy and scummy but I was wrong
Any mobile games be warned they have the word heroes is highly false in their ads
Finally! Someone spoke against Hero Wars, my most hated annoying advertisement!
Wouldn’t it be funny if you got a mobile game ad before this video
Fun fact: "if you say fun fact in the beginning of a sentence people are more likely to notice and read it"
I agree with mat pat, i play a game  all the time and back then, game ads were better than today
Good thing I'm only spending hundreds of dollars on a mobile gacha game to get a png of my 2d waifu and not actually being misled.
who was expecting a RAID SHADOW LEGENDS ad when they clicked this video and were sadly empty inside when it didn’t happen
Lol
I sometimes watch YouTube in TV and the amount of Korean songs and Indian (I think) that show up as ads are incredibly dumb stupid and  most of all       Why
One other detail that may/may not be relevant: these ads most often pop up in other games. I play a game called My Singing Monsters, and sometimes ads will pop up after certain events. Basically if you don't pay to get rid of ads in mobile games, you're gonna get suckered into these misleading game commercials with the option to either install or hit that x button.
It isn’t legal in the UK
pls do a valorant lore video
New Mobile Games ad are so terrible that they make bad ads from the 2000’s look good
Ah yes these mobile ads, rn I keep getting this one where you have to dodge bullets and racing game
Getting scammed by mobile ads? EPIC!
If you guys are going to cover mobile game related things, why not try Brawl Stars? So far there's a big mystery revolving a location named Starr Park, that has a pretty dark story behind it, despite the game's bright and cheery cover. Edit: I forgot to mention that it even has its own video explaining what Starr Park is, and a lot secrets in it, from the official Brawl Stars Youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLldZf8rvqs
theres one game ad ive been seeing that literally is just legendary pokemon sprites from sun/moon, complete with names, and goes on about being the new monster rpg.
I've seen the YouTube mobile game ads until I started YouTube premium
"99.9999999999999999 percent of people can't beat this. 😅"  The puzzle: *already pre-solved* The person playing: 😪
Well Mobile Games Are Bad But Some Are Good Like LEAGUE OF LEGENDS WILD RIFT, A MOBILE VERSION OF LEAGUE AND ITS FROM RIOT THEMSELVES! That's Legal.
Sad I remember playing gardenscapes  before they went full clickbait
I just hate how these games use dark patterns
At least Lillys gardens twitter or Facebook says that the adds have nothing to do with the game..
Damnnn, I was always trying to remember what those boxes were on videos I watched, thanks for reminding me! Damn I'm 16 and already feel like a balding man lamo
12:42 It's "prosecuted," not "persecuted." According to the Oxford English Dictionary, prosecute means "institute legal proceedings against (a person or organization)," while persecute means "subject (someone) to hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of their race or political or religious beliefs."
I completely agree but there is a irony when you said it’s full of ads an ad came lol 😂
FINALLY, A GAME THEORY ABOUT THESE MOBILE GAMES! YES!
that's why we stick to subway surfer
GAME THEORY: Funtime Foxy = Mangle? Or Rethink your first game theory................please,  love your channel ok this comment is done ok have a good day
I'm bored
This kind of reminds me of the jarvis johnson video. I think he said how a good chunk of these are owned by the same company.
Wait a minute though  If this was a real thing    Why is it a game theory
That intro was 100%true
Probably the biggest reason why Lily's Garden ads are so popular is because people are trying to figure out the story of the ads and make videos about it, more advertisement to Lily I guess lol
Me who only does on my phone play genshin watch youtube and anime and me who has no money me who always skip stupid adds me who's already satisfied on my security center and adds want me to download a security app me meh pass ciao
Homescapes did once look good when it was being marketed in an honest manner. I did like the idea of solving puzzles to refurbish an old mansion. But, that charm was lost when they started using the key-pulling, pick the obvious solution ads.  Also, I really liked the ads that gave you a demo of whatever game they were advertising (especially those tower defense games; those were always fun). I feel like those are a better marketing tactic than the quarter-truths that we've been getting these days.
The ones I hate the most are the "impossible" puzzles, and the "player is incoherently stupid" ads. Oh, this lady has been splashed with mud, help her get ready for her wedding! Let's giver her beautiful blond hair, not clean up her acne, use pickle deodorant, and a bunny costume! She's beautiful 10/10 ready for her wedding 🙄😒
So fun fact. The car market is doing this currently too. Outlandish misleading ads and marketing pushes to get whales to buy equally outlandishly expensive things.
I lov gaem thiry
I hate those ads who just a put voice over and it just doesn't timed well on the ad
I was just rewatching Fran bow and  this is #2 on trending !!
Dude rise of kingdoms has some of the weirdest ads but I've seen worse
I remember annotations
Ah yes the negotiator
Loooooser         "What?" -Jerry Smith
I got one of those ads while watching this video😂
Remember the times of decent mobile games like PvZ, Jetpack Joyride, and Subway Surfers, yeah me neither
Am I the only one who got mad when I was younger when Mat said "But hey that's just a theory a game theory"
One day I will find out how to hack to make these ads non existent
What are you trying to say minecraft is not iligal
Story time: so I was watching YouTube on my phone when an ad popped up that claimed that everything in the ad was in the game itself and I thought it was lying because you know mobile game ads so as a joke I decided to download it. turns out it was TRUE the game was amazing but I deleted it by now forgot what it was called
this video: about ads  the video: no ads
How about the new zombie game that shows match 3 sections which give you a gun or armor, and then present a 3 by 3 grid with no possible matches and then show that as a failure? That doesn't even begin to make me want to try the game rather it's a match 3 or not.
This is the best video I've seen in a while from your channel
I remember that some of the games that have these fake misleading ads did used to have truthful adds about the gameplay, maybe they jumped on the bandwagon.
In our country we getting misleading ads what I mean by that is "If yUo dOwnlOad tHe gAme aNd wIn yOu'lL gEt 10mIlliOn dOllArs" it's really annoying they keep making very horrible ads by suggesting you to download the game if you wanna have a aCtuAl pRizEs which is  you gonna have nothing if you actually download it and play it
I only play ClASH OF CLANS and FRUIT NINJA .
Annotations I remember those damn I feel old
99.9% people can't find out who's sus!  The puzzle: 💯💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥💯💯💯💯💯💯
Me: **normally watch this video** Random ad: I'm going to end this mab whole career
YouTube:we don't allow sexual content on our website. Also YouTube:
Ik all y’all seen the “I can’t get to pink😩” And when you download it, THERE IS NO PINK RELATED LEVEL
Matpat spoke so much truth that YouTube actually commented on this video
12:40 is it acttually "persecuted" or "prosecuted"???
*remembers annotations and having to close thousands of them to watch things in, like, elementary school* **feels old**
I really don’t like mobile ad it sucks cuz it wasn’t my time of things
yes a good portion of them are my reaction to the video titel
Okay, but if we stick the FTC with the complaint that the practice is actually harmful for people disposed to spend that kind of money, it would be valid? As well as polluting the internet with landmine ads that do nothing but waste time.  God, I wish the internet could conduct self QA. Cancel culture just ain't it.
I watched an ad yesterday about voodoo and taking revenge and how evil you are
God I still remember homescapes and gardenscapes back when it actually was a good game. Back in like 2015 or smth, I used to play those games all the time because they were actually fun. I hate how these ads have completely ruined these games that actually used to be good
When project Awakening comes out I will credit game theorist with making me aware of it and want to buy it
Back on 2013 we have: Clash of clans  Boom beach And other....  Now:  I cant pass this level press the download button to continue.....
wait till you see The girl X battle adds
Why does YouTube allow obvious copyright theft in their ads then hit creators who do react ect constantly. Ive more command and conquer game play as ads for other games than I can count.
Everyone wants to say it it’s just that your not going to get heard because well most people are not super popular so since Matt is  a youtuber with millions of subs it’s going to be a lot easier to be heard
Meanwhile while I was watching this video, I got a mobile ad from gardenscapes
To be quite frank, just the plain clickbait ads alone should be enough for it get pulled from stores
Dad in ads: dummy Mom in ads:
Totally Misleading. Coming from a guy who thought sans was mess. I still believe mobile game ads are bad but YOU CANT ESCAPE YOUR MISTAKE
This is what exactly happens during the prohibition people we’re selling and drinking alcohol and one time someone did in front of a cop and said will you arrest me and he said no
Dad in ads: dumby  Mom in ads:
Kind of surprised YouTube premium isn't a thing. So I've haven't seen these ads.
I imagine that the people who are lured in by garbage pretty well deserve the garbage they're eating up.
Idea: Life theory
I'm just waiting for the class-action
I'm upset that there's no easter egg in the description for all those who checked when the big red arrows were on screen
There is a 99.9 percent chance I get a add
Those "techniques" you speak about annoy me so. 😂💕🇵🇭
not gonna lie, 18 bucks a month for messages from Markiplier, worth it
And right in the middle on the rant on mobile games. A ad came
2 on trending nice
It’s sad these crappy games and ads are pulling down the reputation of actual good games, that don’t put forced ads into them
.
Facts: Mobile games that doesn't have an ads for their games, are the best mobile games
Did you know a bit ago garden scapes and home scales ads were banned by the ASA
Thanks for the reminder to delete GardenScapes. I fell for that scam and then got what is basically a worse version of Candy Crush.
Honestly, I will literally put my phone down an count to 30 because I'm so sick of the ads that I can't watch them. They're infuriating.
Oh hey
Me a mobile Genshin Impact player: *nervous sweating*
With Lilys garden I used to get multiple different versions of the same ad. I used to play a game of "which cryptic clue does grandma have on her hand this time"  Edit: On a side note I some of the games i do enjoy (like Project Makover) have come from misleading ads but I enjoy them enough to keep playing
This exact thing is why I didn't start Genshin Impact until only recently because I thought it was the same thing.
Ah yes an Ad for erasing people's clothes. I got that ad.
Sure the DFA not gonna do anything but ya didn't take about the game play from other games ,is there any copy right or submerging of their name type of claim ?
I was seriously gullible enough to download Homescapes Never got the minigame Never gonna play it again Definitely gonna give it up
Bad mobile game developers: “You can’t make a successful game about solving puzzles by choosing objects!”  Henry Stickman: “Am I a joke to you?”
I forgot the name of the game but the ad used gameplay of world war z
ads like Raid Shadow Legends, Arknights and World of Tanks  shows their actual gameplays (Turn-based for Raid:Insect Killer, Weeb Tower Defence for Arknights, and 3rd/1st person shooter for Tonks) unlike the Gardenscape ad-phenomena which just show *THE SAME VIDEO* and steals stuff from YT creators and games
This is amazing
Yep, I've been raving about false advertisement like this for years; and I've always wondered why there never taken to court.
Don't forget we live in a market economy
Who else got bad mobile ads on this video
This is probably the only game theory episode I’ll understand
Stop wearing the damn masks.
Could you think of a solar opposites theory?
I always play games at lunch and they always give you an ad after every single death and they are always so weird and someone just happens to walk by during them.
I take it you're a Pixel user
I once saw an ad for a piano learning app, and it made fun of the ads that Matt is talking about.  The line went "No, no no! Why are you playing it wrong? You have to play it right to sell the app!"  "Because if I do it wrong then you will want to do it to prove you're better" then it cuts to the director in the piano seat playing the piano  "See thats how you do it"  "Told you so" and then the ad ends.
I was hoping you would also talk about the growing trend of hyper sexualized ads, and ludicrously inaccurate style of ads (example state of survival/mafia city)
Is it ironic I saw an add for hero rescue before the video played? Lol
bruh my mom is on level 25000 in gardenscapes, get on her level
I downloaded Homescapes, thinking it would be fun puzzles, instead I got a candy crush rip off that absolutley sucks
I mean, if this gets enough attention, then this might motivate the FTC to take legal action.
Can't wait for MattPat to collect a legal team that sues these mobile apps into oblivion
My dad fell for a misleading ad for Fishdom.  And yet now he can't put it down.
Actually now, it's not just a theory
I hate those ads
Spell a word with letters: T L E A The ad: LTEA❌ TELA❌ ALTE❌ TEAL❌ LATE❌
This planet is dumb, I don't want to live here anymore...  PS: If there are some aliens seeing this who's planet isn't full of BS give me a ring.
The only time im relieved that its skippable
No one : Absolutely no one : 70% of mothers worldwide : *clicks ad*
"Remember when mobile ads used to be gameplay and honest about it"  "Yeah good times..."
Oh plz let them be illegal
It's main targets are old people or some teen asian girls who uses tictacs or whatever Both which are widely known for its ignorance and thinking that they are right
Thank God Matt Pat is doing something about this problem.
Is it just me or everything in the intro is EPIC
This is like Halo 5 but no one cares enough to call the mobile game marketers out
On the topic of mobile games, I do remember when there were more mobile games that didn’t have terrible adds. The game is: World of Goo. Do you want to make a video on World of Goo?
✝️Fellowship invite
And cut
I got the same GardenScape ad on this exact video.
YOUTUBE VANCED SUPREMACY
OH DAMN IT MY ROBLOX
Me:*watching the video  Me:*see’s ad  Me: wow..
Calling out all scummy mobile games.
ah annotations i remember when they first invented those i always HATED THEM
Omg I can’t get past this level.....   It’s called the friendZone   Ba da chhhh
I'm surprised these phone games havent been sued for false advertising lol
Dr squatch bar soap lasts like 2 weeks, don’t invest
“Pull the pin” is the type of game Homescapes advertises.
" THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOU STRESSED AND WILL MURDER YOU WHOLE BLOOD LINE NEVER DOWNLOAD IT "   The game : what colour is orange
I seen a war game that I though was a movie because it had real actors and a proper story and then it showed the game play and I was like wtf
Mobile game ads back then were better and has more emphasis to the game
*proceeds to delete 34637 games off my siblings tablet*
I've been lied to NNNNOOOOO!!!!!
i always no when an ad is lying somehow
E P I C
I always get scammed app
I have played Hustle Castle before they started showing misleading ads. It was a fun game (if ur 10) but if I encountered it from a misleading ad, I probably wouldn't play it
Did anyone else see the little spring trap
Hey make mc lore
Anybody seen that ad where that doge is talking and making an boy avatar in the zombie apocalypse
One way to get rid of so many adds on mobile games is just turn your WiFi or service off on your phone
What you are describing is exactly why I uninstalled some of the apps featured here.  I enjoyed both Gardenscapes and Homescapes for a long time.  I don't support false advertisement.  This subject has been bothering me for some time.  I appreciate you doing a video on it.  I kinda wish you would cover the disturbing trend of Person A about to be attacked but person B stops cause of the cool mobile game Person A is playing. WTF is up with that?  Plot twist:  I never click on ANY ads.  *mic drop*
Could try and slap em with the copyright, but the enforceability of copyright seems to vary in different countries
don't forget bowmasters, they're same like gardenscape's ads it's like pouring the lava and water but the difference is that gardenscapes still give you but bowmasters dont
MatPat: mentions FTC *emoji movie flashbacks*
Lying is lying   It’s the little foxes that spoil the vine   It’s still wrong!!!
i watched the full video and i am enraged looks like my plan to sue wont work
me using ad blocker and I have yt premium: -
Matpat putting an end to these mobile adds
typhoon in history of japan thats what i rember about notifs
Throwback to when I saw an ad for a space fighter game that was literally just Star Wars Battlefront II. It didn’t even hide the X-Wings and TIE Fighters
*false advertising is a crime BTW*
i have gotten that exact ad before wow
FTC FLOGHT TEAM STAND UP
The only mobile games that are legal are: Supercell and.... Wait there are no more😂
UH... what the frick do you think        absolutely YES        cause the graphics suck
I've seen an ad that just blatantly stole the animation from slamacow and it didn't even have cradit to the animator I cant remember which one though
#2 on trending
I saw a add of s#x  And YouTube didn’t ban that?  But petting a cat simulator is banned?
Finally, an audience of people who understand the stupidity of many mobile games that bait gullible people with cheap ads
This is why i dont like mobile game ads... not only am i not interested (let me watch my videos in peace plz) but their just flat out deceiving
Me: I hope that the mobile game is illegal cause then they can get sued for making games and showing levels that cost like my allowance (1000 robux so like 12 dollars) but times 7838952 or just don't exist in the game and scamming people.
The game called crafting adventure  “It’s like Minecraft”   “It’s copy Minecraft”  Minecraft player’s: Fck this is illegal
Can we just talk about the adds that’s like how there’s a woman and it and you could erase stuff and they erase the the clothes off of her but not to show any cleavage. But the game literally has NOTHING to do with that. Don’t ask me how I know I don’t fall for stupid adds like that but I know for sure that that is not in the game
I don't care if those ads aren't being dealt with, even if they are illegal. However, I have a BIG problem with people making mobile games that are just that awful or boring (so boring that they need a misleading ad like that). THAT is what should be illegal.
Mat pay thought you should know riot games finally got league of legends on mobile what you think
Mobile game ads : *tries to get to get me to download their game*    Me : *laughs in full storage*
The only mobile game ad I actually found that is really good is the ad for Into the dead 2, that is an actual good mobile game.
Honesty is underrated  Or at least, under utilized
I have run into games where if you miss the x it DOWNLOADS THE GAME FOR YOU instead of just bringing you to the app store
Luckly yt premium
But guess what mat, mobile youtube watchers have zero pop-ups and only 2 adds for this entire video and its marked.
“99% of the human population cannot solve this!”  The puzzle:  “What is 1+1?”
I never clicked on those and I’m just realizing they are fake
2012: Minecraft, fruit ninja , angry birds, jet pack joyride   2018 and forward: 3D RUN 3D KAREN AMONG US SCP DREAM
I love professional sounding matpat saying "kitties". That was great. Like you could've just said "cats" but you went with "kitties" and I love that. ❤🐱
Only mobile game i play is legends and a little bit of dokkan......i really am a loser
I've actually been playing good mobile games. Guardian tales is actually really good and Fate Grand Order is straight from the anime.
gardens capes has  the mini games
get ready for those 2$ lawsuits
Challenge what does the bottom comment under me say
I can’t wait to see these terrible mobile games do a crossover
Wow, that was really cool
Me trying to down load Es file explorer: click clickkckc  Website: you have 10 minutes before an virus infects your phone  Me an idiot child: I'll wait 10 minutes  10 minutes passed   Website: 3 2 1 0 -1 -2 -3  Me: oh what a waste of Irht; nsvwbsbd na a
Maaannn the FTC is just the ABSALOUTE WORST when it comes to mobile ads
This is why I never play mobile games.
"Humanity is just the worst to itself." Huh, yeah. We knew that already but you've put it in such a succinct way.  Why do we have to be like this? Of course we can do better
I play *GardenScapes* and have for years now. I'm on *level 7569* (Yes, it really goes that high, and im nowhere near the end), and i've *NEVER* come across any of the advertised "minigames".
YA YA YA
Love how ther were no adds in this video
FINALLY SOMEONE IS COVERING THIS!
I also think they just the same company that to make their ads since its cheaper and think that if you pester us enough times we'll download it....
This is genuinely a video I've been waiting for.
First rule of ad-watching: the ad is never anything like the game. Never. Not even if the ad seems kinda boring. The game will be completely different.
Weirdly enough, I was playing a game when I realized that all the ads shown were misleading and started to wonder if that was even legal. I was even going to research it myself! So thanks for saving me time MatPat!
Going by what is constantly advertised to me whenever I'm trying to play Spider Solitaire I'm constantly getting pestered by hundreds of games that suspiciously look like clones of each other. Its like there's 10 - 20 unique games and dozens upon dozens of clones based on them or are the unique games clones of other older clones?   That's what I call a plot twist, just like how it took 12 or so seasons of South Park for you to learn that Eric Cartman's father was Scott Tenorman's father........ Yeah...... Cartman fed his father to his half brother........ Totally weak.
Only 00.01% can like this comment!!!
Show your a/b testing results plz :)
Ahh the old ads  Some of them are good Some of them are bad And some of them.....   That i dont give a sheet
"You wont last five seconds"
boss: guys we need a new title guy:how  about new mobile game where you can do whatever you want boss:perfect
E
it got banned the pulling the game thing was banned but are still doing to this day
fun fact, those gardenscapes ads were banned due to being misleading
No joke I got multiple adds for the stupid games  on this video.
All of these games are either a match 3 or a wait timer city builder.
Nobody: 99% of the intro: EPIK
This is why i m not playing mobile apps
I hope it’s coincidental I just learned about convergent in school. Maybe the simulation is helping me study
The thing that should truly be illegal is how small they make the "x" buttons, it practically forces me to click on the ad at least once before tapping the right spot.
Does this include Among us and mobile Minecraft
Literally got a Lilly's Garden ad while watching this, one of the biggest misleading games ever
So literally, "capitalism encourages people to manipulate other humans as long as it turns a profit and there's no one stopping them". I think most people who actually study economics recognize that, it's just the people who (a) don't know any better or (b) are profiting from it who pretend capitalism is *the best thing ever.*
Wait Wait hear me out... any danganronpa theory
I cant reach pink bike  The pink bike's distance from the player: 🔵 🟣
I hate when they play other games game play to sell there games. It is so annoying seeing Age of Empire gameplay for Rise of Empires. I want to to take them down both the company and the adds.
it's crazy that my birth day  2011  and he stared on 2011 and this is my fav channel
Same in every way
plot twist: epic games paid mat to say epic loads of times
My mom play gardenscape and homescape and she didnt get those dreams even tho she got to level 2268
MatPat: *Makes video on legality of crappy ads for mobile games* Me: *gets crappy ad for mobile game* Me: Not this time, YouTube *skips ad*
I haven't got the sexual ads people are talking about
These ads are so effing annoying.
Thank you I bind trying so hard and your Amy father and my saver I been doing this for 3 years
I started reporting these games on google play
I saw an ad for gardenscapes once and it was the usual: save the man on the boat by pulling sliders  However, I literally saw the same “ad structure” for a completely different game about fish  and with different graphics  It’s just lazy
Wait is that Mark at 11:17??
Why did I get a mobile before I saw this lol
Only big brains can pass this level  The level: (no russian)
Youtube is stupid. They advertise games like this that are semi-legal, and they made the main platform kid-friendly when they had an *entirely separate* app for kids
My mom downloaded gardenscapes and toonblast among other cheap mobile game ads. I've watched her play them, but only for about a minute because they're just so boring and unentertaining!
I play mobile games since supercell release coc and cr And then eat release pvz heroes Last year I find a hidden gem in mobile game called guardian tales, and i play mlbb for 2 years
Great video. Hopefully it will inform the masses about what they do on their phone :) Though I would gladly spend money on a game if I think it's worth investing on. Kinda of like my way of showing support.
It’s called they partake in a little tomfoolery Mathew it’s called they partake in a little tomfoolery
You guys might be onto something...🤯
1:00 monikans
I wonder when matpat will do a theory about genshin impact?  Maybe about the lore or other things.
I'd say I dislike that sasquatch soap whatever ads more than these crappy mobile game ads Oh hey Alyssa, I know her from Dan's channel
Yeah that is true! Cause Add is INAPPROPRIATE! AND IT POPS OUT WHEN I WATCHING MATPAT NOW!!
I just realized how many people fall for these ads
Tbh some ads are accurate
My favorite fake game ad is the mafia one, where the low level guy is walking with his girl and some high level guy rolls up in his nice car, she gets in, and they drive off. He starts chasing them on foot yelling "NONONONONO!", and he sounds just like Patrick Warburton as Joe on FamGuy.
I despise these brain-dead game ads only slightly less than when the ad that pops up is just straight-up someone's fifty-nine minute video. The friggin' audacity.
That intro is *epic*.
Legit almost every mobile game ever is just Candy Crush with extra steps
I've once seen an ad with 215 hours
I remember this guy who literally made a cool puzzle game (demo) centered around those kinds of misleading ads. Kudos to him.
Yes it is illegal, just not in north america.
Did all of you guys see that i didn’t know the PlayStation 6 was out i am heading to the store
can you do a topic about roms emulators and English patches
A: This is Number 2 on Trending B: I got an ad for a Fall guys knockoff, and the ad is LITERALLY a Fall Guys trailer. If you don’t believe me, I will upload this to my second channel
that's cool and all, but can you reach pink?
7:05 i do
Youtube premium for the win, even though there's sponsorships that end up being stuck watching ads
shhh. Be still. This story was not meant to be seen
Note that squachsquash soup actually does work and is organic
The future of Epicsville 0:01
The bad thing is those games look dumb
i exit the adds
Who else saw those ads while watching this video 🤚
Those are 5minutecraft of mobile games
6 hours ago yet no notification but notifications are on and I subbed
“Welcome to the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT”
I remember annotations!
Where does EA lie with the whole "they're not lootboxes, they're surprise mechanics!" bs?
IDK why, but mobile video games used to be decent and gameplay-focused.
That can be described in one word “epic epic epic”
11:16 Markiplier
I wonder if Clickbait YouTube Thumbnails may count as "misleading advertising.... But YouTube videos don't charge you any further.... Except for the ads it may contain that might as well Rob 30% of our soul
I am 13 and I remember that
I got one of those ads while watching this video
Nobody- Not even William afton- Not even james charles-  Dad's in ads- I can't do this
"99.9% of people cant solve this puzzle"  The puzzle: AMONG US WIRE TASK
Get an adblocker. For browsers, ublock origin. For android phones, adaway. For smart tvs and the like, pihole.  All of those are open source. uBO also works on android firefox.
In short fake advertising
I like your channel
To be honest that opening was better than any mobile ad I’ve seen
old game ads: Showing how the game supposed to be new game ads: haha new ads suck
Yeah, I figured the answer would end up being something like this. Oh well, nothing we can do until the more important stuff's taken care of.
I dislike these ads so much i pay for youtube
I'm on level 2815 for Homescapes and I think I've gotten the advertised mini games about 4 times maybe 5.
You do not know how much I appreciate this video on these stupid ads🤦‍♀️
965 levels  me: holy sh-
I am at the point where I’m asking myself “I’d like to try out a few cool mobile games to keep me entertained on dead spare time, what could I look for?” since I very recently got a new phone. I’ve been browsing the app store for a while now, and I can find nothing at all. I don’t trust anything I see anymore.
What happened to the old mobile games? Is there seriously no influenced generation of Angry Birds or Temple Run or Candy Cru- Oh right, rip offs, theres no replacing the old mobile games. The trend seems dead now-
Even if they aren’t, they should be
ofc they are 99% of them are pay to win.
Here your ticket before 1 milion views
While I was watching this video I saw an ad for a game called pub G and it had footage that I knew was from fallout four
This is why I rarely play app games like Knights Chronicles, Pokémon GO, etc. Almost all of these apps are so misleading it makes me cringe so hard.
That false advertising is easy to spot and it highly discourages me from wanting to download the actual game.
When are you going to make a new fnaf theory?
You take one look at mobile games sometimes and realize their stupidity But then I found an absolute beauty of a mobile game something im depressed is not a pc game Sky: Children of the Light As i watch this vid im under the Days of Bloom tree talking with my brother and 3 of my friends collecting the idle wax falling from it But my lord is the phone on literal fire and then of course there is: the mobile port of Genshin Impact Honkai Impact 3rd Mobile port for Among us MC PE and the mobile port for Roblox    Ive just realized that all the games involved in this video were made by American companies, why are we so greedy    Theres an anon moth trying to light my candle
Yes, just yes
Do a Aphmau theory 🥺
They should add guest appearances to the credit section of the description. My boi Ryder was in this video
Only OG's know the "Loser..." Rick & Morty reference which maybe isn't this but hey, it's just a theory. A RICK THEORY!
I got the ads u were talking about
Congratulation to on trending in KSA or the world, I think but congratulation
CoD Mobile is literally the only mobile game I play 🤣
They should be illegal and jail
For me the only game ad that I Love is the genshin impact ad because they put so much effort and the ad they put is also a trailers of a new character or area
Funnily enough Gardenscapes and Homescapes are actually really good match 3 games (predatory practices aside). Gamehouse, the publisher, use to be one of the leading creators of casual PC games. And those two titles were part of a running hidden object series, so Austin, the host character of that game was already really fleshed out by the time the apps came out, which made the games adorable and endearing. At some point though, I guess Gamehouse was sold? Because they scrubbed the app store clean of any sign that those games use to be Hidden Objects and then began doing that really questionable ad thing. And as the years have gone on, they clearly are trying to get people to play, they now overwhelm those games with events, which is really trying to get players to pay to complete events to decorate their home/garden.
Banished is not relaxing, it’s pretty much the most frustrating town builder ever.
It's both funny and sad, but I just got an add like this midway into the video 😅. I suppose we are never safe of those adds.
Problems with Modern Mobile games :  1. Misleading or Really Really Cringy Ads 2. [You don't have enough energy wait 5 hours for 1 bar or pay us actual money]
Do you realy have to theorize every game you see
Literally Game of Sultans...
Mobile ads is fu**ed
Who would love a epic of stew video game
the most obvious A/B testing i've seen on mobile ads is the constant references to the inability to reach "pink color"
Player four is waiting to be filled.
I watch mobile YouTube all the time and this is just annoying to deal with thank you for finally pointing this out
I have a match game on my computer that I actually enjoy playing. What I don't enjoy about the game are the zillions of random times it switches to its ad page. No...I don't care what this 97 year-old actor looks like today.
Fun fact: too many of the power players are younger than 8 year's old
It's evolving just backward!  - Pewdiepie
You know you could just read the comments on the games in the play store or apple store just saying lol
Imagine raid shadow trash the lied thing I surprised u didn't say anything about them Bec they keep pestering me
Matpat you described huniepop on steam at the beginning of the vid
Mobile games in the past were like a big thing. Games like Jetpack Joyride, Zuko ( it’s a game not “that” Zuko ) and other games were fun and special. Mobile games now are just copy-past with only a few stupid changes.
Me at level 3000 in home scape belike loolll noob
For someone whos spends most of their gaming hours on phone, Im glad someone is talking about this issue.  A lot of people actually got somehow tricked by the ads which is to my suprise isn't a small number.
Garden and Home scapes are my favorite game though
AD: 99.9 PERCENT CANT DO THIS MINIGAME Me: this is easy why is this hard  Player: 💩
AD BLOCK EXISTS. (Except for when I'm watching Theorists, I turn it off specifically for you guys ❤)
One of the most infuriating ads for me is for a poker mobile game and it literally yoinks footsge of poker playing in red dead 2!
Finally, someone brought this trashy stuff up
Oh my god ive always wanted to know this
This video will delete mobile game ads
I'll believe anything to make sure those cringe mobile ads never come back
I first started noticing these types of ads as soon as Mafia City was memed into existence. Thanks for making me feel old with the annotations by the way. Also can we talk about how small the x button is?
The only mobile game I've spent real money on is a fun little game called SOUL KNIGHT
That thumbnail
There is an ad for a mobile game called "Word Serenity: Fun Brain Game" that literally uses music from Undertale. It's quite gross how they can steal other peoples work in order to make quick money on a mobile game.
I still have annotations on lol
I'm not the only one who facepalmed at that Wordscapes ad that was like "pLaYiNg ThIs GaMe FoR 10 mInUtEs ReDuCeS yOuR rIsK oF gEtTiNg AlZhEiMeR's" or "dOcToRs ReCcOmEnD tHiS gAmE tO pEoPlE oVeR 80" right?
What a weird place to hear about analogous structures
Ironic, I just got one of the click bait ads
There used to be really cool android games. Back even before Angry Birds. I can't find a single game worth playing anymore and every single one wants me to buy coins to upgrade this or that.
Ive never seen these ads. Wealth Simple Trade tho...
I teach ecology labs and we spend a lab discussing convergent vs divergent evolution and I’m stealing your analogy to game ads because it’s brilliant. Will provide credit.
Some mobile games are maybe illegal but not all of them and why well it's because I play mobile games before and great video man :]
This is a painful virus
Do u see that stick EPIC
So you mean to say there aren't hot single ladies in my area?!
the rest of the country's should copy what UK did.
Why not block anything with in-app purchases? Could it work?
Funny how i got a shitty game ad while watching this
"only 1% can pass this level" that statistic was gained in a method called lying
random content creator using monetize song   Youtube: wold that make you stealing
Thats how Mafia works
Hi
Epic
Anyone else get one of these ads on here? Just me?
Hey i m cat person matpat that is Rude :(
“Humanity is just the worst to itself” Me: agreed
Mobile Ads are nothing but scams for the game..  *Look at the cool stuff and gameplay you'll be able to do*  Not to mention how they sexualize them as well, pretty much cornography like ads in mobile games
What do you when you and your grandma watch the same YouTuber?
Hey talking gif face you funny
Thank you for talking about this, these games keep haunting me.
Ads have now become cringe
Man takes forever and a half to.answer the question.
I'm looking at you gardenscapes and all you same games by that trash company
Mobile ads back in the 2000s were golden
Anyone wanna time travel to 2010 were ads were super legit
They are all copied from save the girl and pull him out
I was wondering how an ad game so blatantly stupid managed to soak up enough money to put a million ads in every nook and cranny of my youtube recommend. It was all a lie? Cool!
My little Brother actually playing Gardenscapes and its hilarious
95% of people can't like this comment
0:05 "See that town over there ?" You can climb it  Sorry got Bethesda flashbacks for a moment there
E p i c
I remember when GardenScapes didn’t lie about what it was. Those were the good days.
Your Early *the happy guy* It's in what app *the not happy guy*
Honestly there hasnt been any good superhero mobile games like look at these spiderman games they suck the og games were much better
this is why i only play games by supercell and games that are from pc that have a mobile form
I got one of those ads on this video
Why cant we go back to games like Infinity Blade :(
Whenever I see a mobile game ad I am basically saying to the ad “you can’t fool me with your small IQ ads when I already know how to go against big IQ phishing scams”
Lily's garden ads are just story in their ads
The mom vs dad ads used to constantly show up
Your friends level is 945? My mom is 3407 :)
Stock photo man finally has a voice!
Ive gotten so many pointless mobile adds with no purpose and sometimes it uses popular peoples faces or voices to self promote there adds illegally
OMG THIS IS SOOOO TURE!!!!!!! I NEVER KNEW I NEEDED THIS VID BUT I DO
yes
The only real game ad is the "Thats how Mafia works" because thats how actually mafias work
targeted advertisement is an art major's worst nightmare.
THAT STICK? EPIC me when i find a stick after watching that ad: WOW EPIC
I have a video on how to skip ads without waiting the 5-15 seconds
I also hate the “I can’t do it” kind of ads. I’d be much more likely to download a game seeing it played well because it’s satisfying. What they do makes me not even consider them out of pure spite. That and made up statistics and “you’re officially epic” bs.
I actually uninstalled Gardenscapes and Fishdom because of their ads. I was like "nah. fake af."
You see those microtransactions over there? *E P I C*
So basically copywriting you can get copyrighted just by having a little bit of music let people steal things from other games and nothing happens
Reason why I liked mod apk
what does TBD mean?
We should of taken this to the mobile app store  they have the most control over games they could allow and not
YESSSSS FINALLY SOMEONE SAYS SOMETHING!!!!!
FINALLY SOMEONE’S MENTIONED THESE
sorry matpat, the annotations feature, (despite still being shown in the mini-settings ABOVE the cc) is dead, and has been for a long time
80% of the time they transcend cringe and become actually offensive
Well, not only are they breaking FTC rules on truth in advertising, they're also using copyrighted footage from other games!
literaly   no one  mobile ads 0:00  also game theory this game you are talking about at 1:23 is actuly real not fake just try it
The fact that these ads work show that the average whale can't be too smart.
I got a bad mobile game ad on the video :)
Kill ads
I go to UK
What should you buy? Furniture or a pig in boots? Hmmmmmmmmm
I remember actually finding an app that had like Every single one of those ad mini games in one app And they weren’t lying  It was the most genius thing I ever laid eyes on
but we can also consider copyright and trademark infringement. they are using footage from other games. so they are in hot waters with big companies. One game uses footage from a EA game no joke. that basically doing corporate suicide at that point.
Ads are liars
Finally this abomination of mobile games are called out.
So it’s basically youtube’s fault     AGAIN
And the fact that these ads are working to the point where the games are on the top charts are insane, I want differing games that have there own ideas then a list of the same ideas and low effort for money. Like we have Minecraft and fnaf and a whole bunch of other games pushed down the charts by these games. 🖐😀
There was a game that I downloaded and it showed beamng for the game but it was a horrible game
mobile game ad i cant reach pink color the ad already on pink color
why do you keep bringing in stuff like biology into this
I don’t want to lie
I guess Stock Photo Guy's real name is Jerry Smith
Let’s delete ads
I HAVE SEW THOSE APPS POP UP IT SUCKS:ME GOD STOPPPPPPPP
Add: we will add puzzles but we will really put candy crush Viewer: | (• ◡•)| no
mr. venom
why are some ads so dumb? like it says "0.1% of people can solve this" the puzzle is just 1+2=? Me: :/
Moblie ads suck
The oceanic earthquake superfamily fax because kitchen independently question pace a descriptive married. physical, scary weeder
Thank you so god dam much because these ads are annoying
Y'know, I don't watch his videos much anymore (Content's just... Changed, somehow); but I've gotta say I'm glad someone's finally drawing some attention to this, these companies really do deserve some consequences eventually...
I've played nearly 2000 levels in gardenscapes, and I've never gotten one of those minigames, sooooo
ahh yeah watching this remined me of the good old dayes when mobile game ads where honest
Hustle castle in the beggining has the same game as hero game And now its hard to go to the darn start of the game
*"Rovio left the chat"*
#2 on trending. EPIC
The reason those ads stick to those types of players is because the types of players that pay for whatever the app begs them to are absolute morons.
Gardenscape used: misleading ads *It was effective against Parents*
Finally, A "theory" about fake ads
Can i say at first it was the key pulls, now these shitty ads are doing to the number game. The big number beats smaller number and get added to yours. Hero wars is the biggest offenders for these false ads and i hope to god they get bankrupt one day.
Laughs in ad blocker.
Well even if an ad like that show the actual gameplay, who would still want to play it?       I don't
Gardenscapes and Homescapes does the stupid lava/water/loot ad, even to the point they changed their logo to the person in the ads to mislead more people.
I thought I was watching VanossGaming
I don't know how the ads on Youtube are even on Youtube sometimes.
These bad actors hog all the attention that good mobile games deserve
humanity is just the worst to itself- matpat 2021 THAT is exactly why we should return to monke
Whait... its even illegal?!
So glad u guys did this video.... Hate those things
lmao if i made a shitty mobile game ad and matpat made a vid about them it'd be an honor
Noone talks about mobile legend ads ok
when he said  annotations, i just felt like i went back in time. man. those were some good days.
Couldn't they still get attacked for stealing gameplay footage?
I mean, we all know it was technically illegal, but it's nice to see some research into the acts to confirm it. And it does make sense that they wouldn't do anything because it's not high on their list. But hey I guess for now we'll have to wait patiently for them to make it there.
I think i see lot of sexual ML ADS MAYBE BY ph develpoers and it pretty disgust me and some is not even related to the game like they will buy theyre default weapons that you dont need to buy and some shi about a character a male watching a female character o her chest like a stalker atleast someone spoke about this shizzzy ads
Voodoo could be saving the planet with all the recycling they do in their ads.
Ask my self same thing when I see this
Lily's garden is amazing ngl
This comment is sponsored by raid shadow legends
Wait so this channel is gonna have a 10 year anniversary right?
Comment for the algorithm.
Bruv this is literally the first time my parent watch this channel and watching that intro make all of us cringe. I m not mad but WHY THIS IS THE ONE i watch this channel for years and have so many good content and info. WHY THIS ONE IS THE ONE THAT MY PARENT WATCH WHY!!! WHY!!!
There is this one mobile ad where it doesn’t have an X, doesn’t have a timer, and it wants me to play the ad when I do so I can get it immediately takes me to the AppStore 🗿
I remember when ads actually were a preview of the game, nowadays it's just "99 pErCeNt cAnT rEaCh BlAcK"
"99.9% of people CAN solve this puzzle"...   The puzzle: 🧑🔼🎞🥙⏫🔽🍛😶
Sometimes when I watch videos and this garbage ads pops up it ruins my mood.
The 911 Game Ad is hilarious, There's a fire in my house and sends police, There's a robber in my house and sends fire truck. Not a good idea.
I saw the first set of these ads 4 years ago. It's amazing that it's still a problem, and that's assuming that I saw the first batch of them, which is obviously not guaranteed
This just makes me sick.
1:14 *Laughs in YouTube Premium*
I miss YT annotations
965 HAH My mother scoffs at you She's at like 3798 at this point I think
congrats your 2 on trending!
I just wish someone invented adblock for phone apps.
Finally about time someone talks about this...
I’ve found so many inappropriate ads... I really hope these ads are illegal...
I’m so glad I have YouTube premium
"It doesnt matter if they copy my work but im happy that they cannot make they're own" -Nikola Tesla
No Matt. That was not just a Theorie. That was a fact. A Game Fact!
Matt u just made a massive video over a single point
I really glad that this topic was discussed as  I keep getting ads like these and it really Annoys me
why not just MAKE the key pulling game? If thats what people obviously want?
This video is very similar to the Emoji Movie theory episode on Film Theorists, I  believe. Recommend for anyone reading to watch that video. Theorists Team, you are the best...in making interesting but educational videos on topics nobody really thinks about. Keep up the good work guys!
You have never made a video like this
Welcome to mobile ad fraud advertising the legal thing and the thing to attract more players they think works
Been looking forward to watching this all day
Life Theory                                          ....
Puzzle: Super Easy     The Player: Super Dumb
This is EPIC!
FINALLY SOMEONE DID THIS
Yes indeed
This marketing stuff doesn't work on a lv 100 boss like me.
It was a dark day for me when some of the games I actually played started doing this.
day 1 of asking for sports theory
But couldn't there be a argument to be made that since the advertisements target these "power players" which could very likely be children as they can and will be mislead easily that these ads are harmful. I mean the FTC has it in their guide lines that if it effects your pocketbook that it should be persecuted and little timmy could get ahold of a parents credit card and buy a whole bunch of premium currency from said fraudulent company with said fraudulent ads. I mean the parents could held at fault but there is still the argument to be made. Right?
"When there's no cops around, anything is legal!"- Grunkle Stan  What have we come to where this line is true...
Thank goodness I usually play games that are mmorpgs (most are exactly shown in ad but a small bit isn't  )
I also just got an ad called "911 emergency dispatcher"
#killthescams
Or you download a game that looks fun, but you can’t even play the game because ads pop up every 30 seconds.
2 on trending. Amazing
*gets a mobile ad for homescapes*
I'm glad someone on YouTube is Finally taking the time to talk about this, and happier it's on this Channel
Funny how the ad before watching this was a game ad
Why can't I find those 5 stars to rate this video?
The only misleading ads that I couldn’t stand are for Kitten Match. The ads had ABSOLUTELY NO RIGHT to be that depressing and dark when the app itself is NOTHING like that.
Eat your cereal
Penguin
"back when YouTube had annotations... are any of you feeling old yet?" You succeeded, but at what cost?
If you guys want an actual hard puzzle game that few people have completely solved try NotPron. It's a website not a mobile game and it's not about pulling poles or matching 3. I do recommend playing it on PC.
This video was EPIC
99.9% of people can't complete this puzzle. . .   The puzzle: Hi HL
I ones got a mobile ad for gta when i downloaded it it was something the exact opisite I don’t even remember what
At least some game ads are good :/ but almost all are bad .
EPIC
Not only are the mobile game ads extremely misleading, but the ads sometimes appear in different languages. Aren't ads targeted to countries in which the language is spoken?
and youtube being the garbage it is actually advertises these adds.
I've actually reported these misleading ads to Facebook, and Facebook told me it wasn't misleading. Big GG Facebook.
i like da new introduction
Also, is no one gonna talk about the psychological strategies those adds usually use?   I mean, what's more appealing than solving a puzzle that couldn't be solved in the add? Those puzzles have super obvious and easy solutions but still the add fails at them.   Thus our proud brain becomes that kid that stands up and raises his hand in excitement in order to answer a question at the blackboard
The worst ones are when they have an X at the top right *in the ad* so when you tap it to get out it registers as you clicking the ad. 🤦‍♂️
I was browsing the AppStore the other day and I came across an ad for a Spider-Man game that was being advertised as Spider-Man Miles Morales, they didn’t even bother to change the ps4 logo, also it cost $99.99 dollars to install lol
Also you need to talk about VOODOO. I've been getting their trashy ads, they put out like 6 or 7 games and then when one of them doesn't do well any more, they just take that game and add a number to them. They shouldn't be allowed to do this. Plus they put ads everywhere. Every time you fail at a task? Watch an ad to try again. Don't wanna do that? Here's an ad anyway. Also, they market their game as multiplayer but its mostly just bots. They target kids because kids will watch them and not get bored. They think they're great at the game even though they're just playing against bots. It's ridiculous no one has done anything about them.
Eventually someone will use the power of law to sue every single fake mobile game ads for misleading content. Like that one dude who sued Redbull because “He didn’t get wings”.
epic
*I'm on team Delete mobile legends*
Sheeeeshh
"For every pubg mobile, there are 1000 match 3 games"
I tried 4444 times but I still can not get to pink color
Saw an ad that stole Age of Empires game play lmao
I know facebook had banned the ads for homescapes for a while but as of recently they have been popping up again
Mobile games use to be having great ads BUT NOW ITS JUST Cringe
1:31 me after eating Taco Bell
Prosecuted, not persecuted......
Sadly, Gardenscapes used to be a really good puzzle game.
Would the best way to deal with companies be to click the ad, then rate the app at a 1?
I have to agree with this video.
Behind of the misleading games, there are games that are worth it.  Believe me.     But maybe they'll change to be misleading games, beacuse they run out of ideas and they know they are going to die. unu
They're just banking on gen z believing anything shown on a phone screen
Genshin Impact does not do that lul
Those puzzle games with the little pin things are banned from being advertised and were deemed illegal
man i dint realize i was the first viewer in this video
Img I have been targeted with som many adds that have hidden x buttons or invisable x buttons is that legal?
“If I oh solve this puzzle, you are legally skilled” I can’t tell you howl many times I’ve seen that on ads. It’s burned into my mind like what pbs did to me as a small child only the scarred will remember “juicy juice” and “where a kid can be a kid”
It'd be awesome to see more videos about mobile games. There are some really good ones with actual lore worth theorizing on, like Sky or Ida.
Thank god, please spam youtube with videos about this, WE NEED AD QUALITY CONTROL!!
Ok project awekening looks kinda sick fr
gacha whales:*sweats profusely
seems like no one has said it yet, but...     "RAID SHADOW LEGEEEEEENNNNNNNNGS!!!!!"
These type of games is what makes a 9 yr old tiktoker to lose their chi and join the chaotic bandwagon. Been avoiding crappy games since i had a tablet and look at me now. Im more matured than my sis when i was her age
I expect this video to get claimed
Thank game lords that someone else wants to mention this
So for those ads that actually steal property from actual game developing companies they can get sued right?
So basically, its illegal, but the law cant be assed to care
That Cyber Channel?
Literally oh this very video I saw a war themed mobile game called war path, with a movie like add, but the game is just a piece of garbage.
What about Wish.com
I cannot believe I'm saying this, but I would honestly rather get ads for Raid: Shadow Legends then these dumb click-baity game ads
An epic adventure awaits in your pants.   Woah... woah.... That's.... that's going too fast...  On your phone!  Oh, got you. You should have led with that.
Mat patts videos arent just a youtube channel there literally childhood shows
Oh no, I've NEVER seen any ads, I have Premium. Hated adds so much during election season/quarantine that I bit the bullet and decided to get Premium. Best use of my money ever.
The funny thing is that i really enjoyed playing homescapes and gardenscapes (i was approx on lvl 600 on both of them after months of casual playing) but after i started seeing all of those misleading ads on other platforms i ended up deleting both of them because just seeing austins face annoyed me so much
I've downloaded homescapes and I've only had those little puzzle things pop up like 4 times. And I'm on level 74.
I love how relatable this vid is
At least jetpack joyride, despite it's ad-ridden state right now, has all of it's originality it had in it's good old days. Then there's EA, who just slaps a paid unlock button.
I absolutely hate when your playing a game, it says “watch ad to multiply your score” and you click “NO” but it still plays an ad after... might as well just click the ad to get the benefit 😑
MICROTRANSACTIONS
What about copyright laws
I enjoy your content but please do more crow 64/petscop I find that stuff interesting and I only like it when u help me understand the context and links to reality thanks
There was literally a mobile game that didn't even try to be original, they just stole Napoleon: Total War footage from a YouTuber, and made it look like it was the "BEST GRAPHICS OF A MOBILE GAME!" I think Creative Assembly sent them a very sternly worded email. Now their ad still isn't the real gameplay, but at least it's not stolen.
I really hope after more people address this, the adds will become interesting rather than obnoxious.
Yes, it's called false advertising i think
Our cries have been heard
Man, I can’t believe how many third graders would laugh at you for being bad at Color smash 3D.
Whenever I see an ad: thats inappropriate!
mobile ads are the equivalent to the "special" kid
HAH I'm on Homescapes lol 3,537 Alyssa  And I have gotten those mini games like.. 5-10 times since they added them
👁👄👁
Thank God you made this video
I want more fnaf
YOOOO THIS VIDEO WAS E P I C
I only enjoy raid shadow legends ads. They have good comedy. The game is bad though
my mom played garden scape until level xx000 i forgot but something like that
it’s crazy matpat went from a hated youtuber to a well respected youtuber, it’s been fun to watch!
My Nana is lv 7670 in gardenscap and has not got a single minigame
Not @ how I got a bunch of the ads being used as examples in this video as ads for this video 😔😔😔
Mat pat plsssss make more fazbear frights vids you have two new books to read so in the words of that one comment go and use the boks to proof your stupid thories
I got a game ad while watching this XD
If uve been in the internet for more than 5 years u can tell which games r scams... but only because uv already click on stupid stuff.. like banner games...
My favorite thing about mobile games is it's an easy false advertisement lawsuit.
I got an ad 5 seconds after watching an ad. I am really disappointed with youtube.
Your so serious in a game it's just a game I'm not hating but your so judgemental
I hate how Google and Apple don't regulate their app stores to get shitty games like most of the big mobile games off the stores. Its also annoying seeing all of these games that I hate with all of my life being used to say "hey look mobile gaming bad hahaha" knowing damn well that it could be much better than this its just that Google and Apple actively choose not to. It also kinda signals to devs that see mobile and are like "why spend the time making a good mobile port of a game like doom eternal or some other game thats on switch when they seem to be playing gardenscapes or some other shitty game" its so annoying. We can do better than this.
Lol, when I use YT mobile I get pretty normal ads but when I open my laptop....
Literally got these kind of ads on this video
The add be like:                          99% cannot solve! 😣         🚪🔥           🚪💥         🚪⛈   Mom:                                             Dad: ❤️❤️❤️                                 ❤️💛🧡 🧡🧡🧡                                 🧡❤️💛 💛💛💛                                 ❤️🧡💛   Noob:                Pro:                      Hacker: 🤬💨🌩      💆‍♀️🍇🍉             😁👘 👑 👸
i ike these shady mobile games, it seperates whos a sheep and whos a goat
thank you
Misleading Ads still a problems? Get a blocker...
I miss the 2011 mobile games BTD, jetpack joy ride, fruit ninja, and plants vs zombies i miss them
ironically brought to you by RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
99% of people who play this are not subscribed
long story short: only dumbasses spend money in cheap phone games,and the ftc isnt gonna babysit people who dont know how to spend their money
me haha with an ads blocker
12:56 why is "Buy a pig with pink boots on" cracking me up
I feel like game ads always give ads that say it’s impossible, when it’s this: Which is an impostor? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🔥😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 See, this is why I only play games that aren’t puzzles.
The homescape game is actually good
Makes me remember some WWII-themed app/game, of Facebook, that used cutscene footage from Company of Heroes (the first mission). Ended up sharing the link with the THQ Facebook page, and let them take it from there.
Matpat talking about Cygames reminds me that Dragalia Lost is having an awesome 2.5 anniversary event! It's a great game and it would be awesome if a few theorists got into the game. #NotAnAD #AwesomeGameWaiting #ThankNintendo
Finally, someone is talking about this! Its always frustrating me!
Second tranding in 5 hour
99.9% of people cant like this comment if you can you're legally law
Game theory is the best!
Rant theory lol
Guess the only thing we can do is spam 1 star reviews
matpat: insightful and interesting video about mobile game ads me: OMG ARTHUR BENSON MUSIC THAT'S WHAT THEY USED IN UNUS ANNUS
"This took him 7277 tries🙀🙀🙀🙀🙀🤔🤔"   The game: 🤴👩‍⚖️👩‍🚒 who has an ax?
The ad stealing from another game happened to a youtuber named dani
gamers when they see PC game ads: :D  gamers when they see 1 single mobile ad: D:<
Now you should talk about the the crazy amount of scam ads that YouTube allows
Got one halfway through the video
The only good mobile games I think think of atm is Soda Dungeon 1 and 2 as well as Candies and Curses
[meme]                                                                                                                                                                                                                       On one Hand *gold* (Actually Great games worthwhile to play till the end and doesn't force ads down your throat)                                                                                                    On the other hand painful, agonizing failure (the like 78% of all mobile games)
By the way, most people know this but in case you don't: if you find an app game you like a lot but it has tons of ads just put your phone on airplane mode while playing and the ads won't be there.
This is very entertaining finnaly someone talks about this
My brother downloaded like 30 of these trash mobile games on me and my moms phone. I am completely out of space
The games are probably worse then raid shadow legends
I actually don't mind the Lilys Garden ads! They aren't tied to the game and aren't supposed to be. The ads are supposed to be the backstory/current story of the characters, depending on where on the timeline you are right now! /lh
IVE WANTED SOMEONE TO MAKE A VIDEO ON THIS FOR SO LONG THANKS MATPAT!!!
i think BTD 6 is legal only mobile game i play
My grandma and father also play homescapes and gardenscapes
I feel like I haven't seen a film theory in a while? Is YouTube not sending me notifs from that channel?  Just checked, looks like it's just me not sitewide based on views on very recent videos
Idk... Is stealing the 2020 election illegal. Is HR1 not the biggest power grab ment to federally rig elections...but lets talk cell phone apps instead.
How could y'all just diss Gardenscapes like that?
I know for a fact that Mat and everybody else on this show is extremely smart and I don't understand 75% of the smart stuff. Also, he is literally telling us essentially how to brainwash people.
So, it IS illegal, it's just not worth the time of law enforcement. Capitalism's great! /s
Homescapes is the worst. true clickbait
You’re not a dish.
Cuz the ad maker is STUPID
adds in a nutshell: add maker: how should we make adds? dude: COPY OTHER ADDS BUT WITH DIFFERENT TEXT add maker: YOU'RE HIRED! *meanwhile* add: "9999.9 cant solve this puzzle" *insert an add that is some other games add*
Thank you for discussing this!
LOL I got one of these ads on this video.
#2 ON TRENDING!!!!
Me who has like a thousand phone apps: Welp, looks like I’m going to jail for life
Matpat you need to do a video on Markiplier's automaton thing I think it's got a secret
Any good Mobile games were made by supercell
make a theory on psychonauts the milk man bruh pls
Thank you MatPat. I was wondering how companies are able to get away with this. I learned a lot from this video. I hope you have a good (Insert what ever time you are reading this).
i use adblock
Ive been literally waiting for this to come after watching these misleading mobile game ads
The answer is... yes
11:17 is that markiplier ?
Alright I get that those "pull the key" type games, aren't in the FTC's searchlight as they have more important stof to worry about, but what about those games that just use other games' trailers? Don't they violate copyright law?
Im so glad you hate dos ad too
5:05 NOT THERE AGAIN, NO!
uhhhhhh new mobile game - you can do whatever you want is actually a respectably and engaging video game allowing players of all ages to spend their money in a healthy and creative way check yourself sir
https://youtu.be/z2cYv9VYMxQ
No OnE cAn SoLvV dIs  “What color is that red subscribe button?”                              Wait a minute...
Lucky for me I got locked out of my App Store account, no cringe mobile games for me
The intro was......EPIC
I'm so glad this video exists! Me, who enjoys riddles, fell victim to GardenScapes & was SOOO angry that it was basically another CandyCrush (which I already don't like cuz everyone hypes over it when Bejeweled was the OG on that concept)
I love how the intro music blows out the speakers on my phone
i got these type of ads while watching the video
I got one of those ads literally watching this.
Even if we ever get a little spark, mobile games company will never change...
Oliver Stevens looks really familiar....
"It's evolving, just backwards"
This got 5 on trending wait till 1       HERE WE COME VOODO AND ALL SHITY GAMES
O: only 1% of people can watch this people can you 😟😳😟😳😳😳😳
Mobile Game Ads Be Like: Your son is dying of hunger! What do you do? 1. Nuke Siberia  2. Ride a Great Dane 3. Drink lamp oil 4. Give him a newspaper
Odd1sOut is screaming happiness because he wants mobile games 🚫
mobile games like minecraft and Roblox aren’t bad right?
*laughs in Youtube Vanced*
Normally stay away from this channel but this is a topic I wanted to see discussed
I used to play GardenScapes and HomeScapes for quite a bit of time. But once I saw they were using false advertising I quickly deleted the game. Kinda a shame they went that route.
Im the only 1% of humanity that can reach pink
Hey mat I want you to do a theory on god of war if there are any like questions about it or all that but yeah.
Just use the Brave browser. No more ads ;)
I love how in the intro you use so many cats my brain can’t even comprehend because recently my cat died
Mobile games that don't use ads: "I must be perfect then in that case."
At the beginning of the video he was talking about taking footage from other games well I saw an ad ones that was literally ripped from landfall but in YouTube or and they screen recorded tabs footage
wait there are minigames in garden scapes
11:23 and now you know what I think of humans...
#A/Btestijg
We all can tell Mobile Games Ads are devolving                                                             oh and mobile games too cause mobile game ads are too repetitive and who the hell would play "Blendfruits.io" its doesn't even sound interesting 🥱
Who at YouTube is approving all these ads? That's my question.
My cat loves your voice matpat :)
Can we appreciate the Meh Media names for one of the games? That gave me a little chuckle
Change will soon come, just wait
Ads? *laughs in YouTube premium*
Some mobile ads are litterly stripping girls clothing off
i used to really like playing homescapes & gardenscapes, they didnt used to advertise the games like they do now, it used to actually show the real gameplay.
Just can't wait till they stop, I'm tired of lies
FINALLY! TALK ABOUT THIS MORE!
Wow and here I thought I was the only person who thought about these adds
You gotta admit, the production quality on and story telling in the “Warpath” live action trailer is outstanding. It’s not even a bad game. It’s just so stylized that it’s just kinda disappointing.
Matpat: Are Your Mobile Games Illegal?  Me, who plays Genshin Impact/Honkai Impact
Yeah they definitely got us to watch the ads... by deleting the ‘X’ button
The dislikes are from the companies who make these games and/or play who enojy playing them
Heh..have you checked roblox ads😂it’s REALLY misleading but also CRINGY
These ads prove evolution can go backwards
Shouldn't it be "All images do not show actual gameplay"?
2:00 actually if you went far enough on the game you can play the minigame of the add and i know this bc of my grandma  Edit: 2:20 breh im so idiot ;-;
The ppl that fall for theses type of ads in 2021 is not human
So happy you're talking about these dumb ads! The worst ones I've seen are the concubine games?? Like what the hell even are these games???
FINALLY, someone spoke up about those godforsaken 30 second adsthat are a complete waste of time.
I have gotten scammed with this many times and I am 12
Thank you for finally discussing this
Fun fact: the reason there are those “minigames” in gardens scapes is because they got sued for false advertising and had to do something so instead of revealing the truth that it’s a bad candy crush spinoff they added those extremely rare minigames so they can keep showing their false advertising legally. This has been DogWithCoke thank you for coming to my Ted talk.
Oh yes, the very old Youtube Annotations, what a era
i’m proud to say i downloaded gardenscapes before those ads were everywhere... anyway i’m on level 1279😭
Man I love making fun of mobile games
is no one going to talk about Roblox simulators or tycoons? There’s a lot of power players and it’s very dddictive
Thanks for this. It's needed saying for a long time.
Very Nice Move Matpat!! Every time I see an ad, there's a lotta mobile games that the gameplay is so much different, and it's quite annoying
11:10 aren't all dating sites like this? They create fake users just to sell men subscriptions.
The "epic" ad has better editing and appeal then all of the other ads combined. Where do I download?
So, it is illegal, it’s just nobody cares about it.  Kinda like swearing. Everybody knows it’s wrong, but most people care so little about it that swear words are now the only adjectives they use.
Oh wow #2 on trending good job
9:34 Is it just me or does the FTC logo look like it should be artwork for an SCP entry?
Immediately after the video ended I got a five minute ad for Warpath. The ad is all real people depicted in WWII like scenarios, but the app is nothing close
What if we get a group of people to mass report the terrible games
The only great games on mobile is honkai (for having the most depressing story), genshin(for having the best gameplay), alto's adventure(for being a relaxing game) and Arknights (Arknights is just my opinion btw)
No lie I just saw the thumbnail add
I saw a misleading ad for a bubble-popping game, but thankfully, there was a little text saying "NOT IN-GAME FOOTAGE"
I think a lot of these types of ads are to target children unfortunately
That theme song thing lmao
I always get gacha ads, and I have them all already installed, gacha as in arknights, genshin, azur lane etc
I wish this guy was here just explaining things , like Life Theory , or even my personal explainer
Epic
It’s a shame. The garden/homescape  games are really fun, but recently their ads are not very true to the game.
Actually, the mini-games were added to avoid the lawsuits iirc.
This only works because there are people out there that actually click on these dumb ads and it makes me lose hope for us as a human race
1:37 is that frame on the background a referece to the bookworm anime (or its artstyle at least)
Before these Adds  happened like Garden and Home Scapes use to be truthful to its adds (edit) it showed you making the home but not the main part of the game just the pick what you want there and using the coins
Got one of these ads on this video lol
I see you there “The Epic of Stew” Sneaky sneaky reference I love it :-)  (10:40 for those who are wondering, on the person’s phone  The phone with the screen, not the old u-shaped phone held by the visualized personification of the FTC, to be clear)
MY MOM: 🔵🔺 MY DAD: 🔴                  🔺
Lol I got a mobile game ad by watching this
wtf is this thumbnail
Finally, we have a voice to speak out against the abominations we call mobile games.
I'll tell you what; the more ads I see the less I want to download them. They're the most annoying thing online ever.
I one time saw TABS in an ad for Rise of Empires.
fun fact: homescapes and gardenscapes used to have a normal ad (witch made me download it) when I first realized that these games got one of those misleading ads I was disappointed because it has an interesting story going on
I will throw out AB testing has more uses than just trying to get people to buy stuff. It's a helpful way to get past the designer's bias and for improving web design, for instance. Just wanted to throw that out, it can be very important for creating something that is usable by the regular person. 😊
I got a crappy mobile game ad while watching this video
I miss SUPER END CARD TOURNAMENT!  Please revive it, MatPat!!!
I hate mobile game ads
For real they're just definitely the worse ads, I actively prefer ads that speak of nail mushrooms
In the cases of stolen gameplay can the original makers of the game sue for theft of their products?
epic.
Speaking of ads did you know that on your footage was used from marvel strike force did you get known or not just wondering
FINALLY SOMEONE'S TALKING ABOUT THIS  I've wanted to punch that stupid Gardenscapes guy right in the suspenders for years now, I played it long ago when the ads were ACTUALLY about a match 3 game. Then I saw an era where similar games emphasized on making the BAD choice (because of course players are gonna stop an oven fire with RATS they literally burned rats in an oven for an ad) and months later, those weird "key puzzle" things showed up  The mobile market has always done scummy or at least shady stuff, this... It just takes the cake and I can't wait for them to crack down on it. I shouldn't watch an ad and HATE the product because of the ad for it lmao
Espera César ellos son inocentes ¿Que? ¿ Que me destierras? Está bien, no estoy de acuerdo con tus políticas, ¡Me largo de aquí! Formaré mi propia ciudad con gente correcto y honesta. Vamos muchachos encontremos un buen sitio. Justo como este, pondremos ayuntamiento en el medio. Distribuiremos la comida equitativamente entre todos, trabajaremos como hermanos para construir nuestros barracones, entrenaremos muy duramente y contruiremos nuestra maquinaria de guerra, nuestros herreros seran los mejores y nuestros soldados tambien lo seran.
I missed when mobile games were actual games and the ads werent bad
Sorry buddy but that sellerman persona you've mades a habit o performing is telling me a different story o wots possibly going rounds in the background but it fulfils your confidence man shtick hard to takes you serious bouts but nice fluff materials any ways keep up the wurk surviving sojourneys
1:31 thats how mafia works😎
At the end of your videos, can you summarize what you said or the main parts.
not the hero we deserve, but the hero we need
I'm just happy Austin is also using a Pixel 4 too
I'm still waiting on that stick sequel
Hey guys if ur wondering what is the yellow and the red color on the intro..its representing film theory/red logo...food theory/yellow logo
They aren't ............... but they should be
At least the age of z ads are funny, so I give them a pass
"a crime that's not persecuted might as well not be a crime" really stuck to me mat its horrible this world its really tough to image all the rapes thats not reported then the rapist doing it again its to real and true for a theory channel i know sommeone who didnt report a rape and im a cut throat guy if u do something that bad u should be punished by the law or hell get killed mostly cause if i do something bad like raping someone i wanna be punished even if i wont do it again i know im a bad guy so i want to be punished i know no matter what happens in my life or what i do to myself ill never get the punishment i deserve
7:07 i remember...
I always thought those thought puzzle games looked fun but Where’s my Water from Disney is the only one that was real and it’s from like 2013
0:40-0:42  WHY DOES THIS LITERALLY HAPPEN TO ME, I DOWNLOAD A GAME THAT LOOKS COOL FROM AN ADD, AND IT LITERALLY TURNS OUT TO BE ONE OF THOSE STUPID MATCHING ONESS.     (Sorry for rant 👁👄👁)
The play kids ad is gonna make me act up (in a bad way)
tbh, i like the gardenscapes tho,,, because i like designing the park and smth... BUT, sometimes i still found an ad, that used footage from minecraft to an fake Minecraft!!! THIS IS FREAKIN' ANNOYING
Unpopular opinion Lilly’s garden ads are awesome.
*EPIC* *EPIC* *EPIC* *EPIC* *EPIC*
TOS be damned!!!!!!!!
"Mobile Games are misleading! This isn't legal!"  Fallout 76: *[intense sweating]*
I hate the ads that say you can win an obnoxious amount of money for basic puzzles
Whales are what harpoons were invented for.
When you can hum to the theme song
i know this will probably never happen but to me the solution seems to be make a separate division of regulators that deals with minor infractions wile the main body deals with major infractions
They are not mobile ads  They are mobile AIDS
Formats: I can’t reach pink (something) I’ve tried (big number times) and I still can’t (what you need to do to win) Only (small number %) can beat this It requires (big number IQ) to win
Got some "Cynical Brit" vibes there in the intro...
Epic
I saw a ad of a bad rip off of Friday night funkin and the was from a mad calld fraday night funkin but with guns oh and they used bots to spam the 5 star ratings
For the entire intro I thought this was a food theory episode. It’s only Tuesday.
hello there
00.01 people can reach pink😱😱
Ok once I had in ad that was Red dead redemption 2 and I was really annoyed by knowing that at existed and they didn't get like sued the second they had it and the game was literally on a card game
Or just...do what most people do and get an ad block for both your PC and smartphone. Boom! No more YouTube ads (unless the content creator does it themselves in which case, skip it!)
Next theory: Blob opera is cursed
I don't know if it's like convergent evolution or if they are just copying each other. That seems much cheaper to do.
I have actually been getting spammed with Hero Rescue advertisements here on Youtube itself. I'm mainly a desktop user, I only have one game installed on my tablet which I've recently deleted because it no longer wants to start up. It still makes no sense though why I'm getting a Mobile advertisement on Desktop Youtube.
Out of everybody on YouTube, this CHAD started to talk about this disgusting trash being illegal
Dang, and I've seen some ads where the game claims to pay you real money for playing it. Well, I was skeptical before, but now I REALLY know they must be a scam.
I once read a privacy policy for a game and it basicially said "We will steal your data and sell it to advertisers. You automaticially agree if you install the app." And then I posted about it and then people were getting angry at me BECAUSE I WAS TELLING PEOPLE THAT ALL THEIR DATA WAS BEING STOLEN
I legit got YouTube red just to stop getting 5 adds per video of stupid nonsense like this and RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
Hi and that's just a theory a facts theory.
I saw just the cold opening and immediately clicked like
This video reminds me of VSauce. I looked a way for a second and he went from taking about mobile games to talking about how birds evolved
Mat me and my friend came up with something you mite seem crazy.
Who here hates ads(I know it's every one)
You need to do the glitch attraction on GT live the demo was just released recently
thanks to this video I was able to not download "Kiss of War".. my own horniness would have blinded me to download such trash.. those jiggle physics would've drawn me in..
i got a receipt from epic games while watching the intro
Pls get Hybrid Animals better sponsors...
Do you know of the game series cube escape because it has a lot of game lore.
I remember when homescapes was a good game
I'm tired of the Candy Crush bootlegs
The fact that I got ome of these ads during this video is beautiful
What about the strategy ones?
Hey there are grate mobile games too Not everything is a rip off of candy crush
Nutshell of these ads: they're lazy and not have any actual effort     Atleast we get 'that's how mafia works' memes
But it wont be long before the smarter bunch realize and evolve their appetite. Maybe not, not much faith in humanity.
Yessssss
Matpat forgot mobile game ads that says that you'll earn thousands of dollars by just matching blocks and shooting down fishes hahah
finally people are bringing this up
All these shitty mobile games give good ones a bad rap, like supercell games
THAT INTRO IS TOO TRUE THOO LOL
I haven't watched the video yet but I love the fact that you brought up this topic I'm going to watch now
they should get sued
Imagine putting more effort into your ad than your game   I just don't get it
i remember those annotations, and i forgot that i forgot about them
Ok and now people say Fortnite is bad what I half to say for the people who think it’s bad play a mobile game   Also some guy printed a PS5 and said it was just so he got money from robots so he robbed robots XD and I thought of that because well I know the robots got scammed
99.9999999% of people can't figure this out    The puzzle: 🐍🐋🦕🐚🐡🐚🐡🐚🐠🕷🐡🐚🦈🐚🐡🐌🐉🦈🐌🐚🐌🐌🕷🐚🧀🐞🐠🐚🧀🐞
Someone should make a game with stuff shown in adds! That way the adds wont lie.
And during this video we got a fake ad for a game I've played (GardenScapes)
Oh i did not no this because i don't  download  them   but good to know
Yeah I hate Phone games now Old games Pls come back well other games kinda good
"Don't lie" says another channel pushing the religion of evolutionism on children.
pfft, i wanna know how its legal to pretend an ad is interactable, but it just immediately takes you to the app store when you click it. now that should definitely be punished, on account of the fact its literally just faking high interaction/visiters
Hey Patmat can you maybe make a game theory about Guardian Tales? It's a mobile game, that could have some interesting theories
8:45 matpat is the new killer confirmed guys
I always wondered about those stupid looking puzzle games. I assumed they were download bait for spyware.
good thing im not stupid and download mobile games
Tbh that stick is pretty epic
Clickbate should be illegal.  There, I said it.
"Best described in one word"  **Says Epic 3 times**
Bro, how much would Logic Pin Puller sell for yo think? What is Logic Pin Puller? It is a threoretical descendant of the game(s) that Garndenscapes and Homescapes advertise, but with in depth physics, thousands of puzzles, and improvd graphics.  This game would sell for 1.00 USD up front. The decription on the appstore would be: "No ads, no in app purchases; you pay 1 US dollar up front and get a fun puzzle game. The game gets updated with bug fixes on the 2nd of every other month."
Asked myself the same question.
FINALLY SOMEONE SPEAKS UP AGAINST THIS THANK YOU
yall remember when matt had no red jacket
Its like taping a little paper that says "Malk" on Bleach
Big fan
The irony of seeing exactly one of these ads in the middle of this video is not lost on me.....
This is what happens when Chinese shovelware has a mutant bastard with false advertising.
I’ve wondered about this for so long
I got an ad for ISEKAI: Demon Waifu when I clicked this video lol
Me 8 years old me when i see a stick that looks like soword 0:12
This is just a cash grab
I hate homescapes it made me try to download it before
I’ve always hated the ads that say the stupid only 0.1% etc pass this, it’s so annoying. I also hate when they change the art style too.
Just don't be schupid innit.
the ad:99.9999999% of people cant solve the puzzle. the puzzle:🔷🔶🔺🟢                    🔷🔶🟢🔺 swipe to match!😤
Congrats on trending
OH THANK GOD YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT THESE DUMB ADS AND GAMES, I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE--
Ok...I guess from now on if I decide to review a mobile phone game that disappointed me, I should write in "...makes me feel like I should kill myself, I'm very depressed..." in the review details...perhaps that'll start taking notice and they'll have to push out more truthful advertising...
I one time download a game that the ad showed like a fake ad but turns out the game I bought was a really good story mode game
Those ads are the worst...  I'm glad the one with the lava and the pin you ahve to pull out got banned...
Before this vedio I got the ad of demon waifu thingy
FINALLY SOMEONE THAT IS WORTHY TO SAY MOBILE GAMES ARE FU**ING SH*T
Congratulations on your 10 year anniversary coming up really soon! I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of the franchise Command and Conquer, but it’s a really cool RTS franchise that started in the mid 90’s. They recently released the original 2 games and their expansion packs remastered. I think they would make for some great theories on the channel. There would be a good amount of history, science and math involved.
9:21 that bottle is Gatorade not Powerade, For example.. This bottle: You pull the top up and then drink it by looking upwards This other bottle: You open the top and then drink it by looking upwards WHICH ONE IS THE POWERADE?    If you answered "this bottle" you are correct, now, Mat Pat showed the packaging "Powerade" on a Gatorade bottle, I know it's something else but if your gonna use that bottle, call it Gatorade
Me, who is addicted to Project Makeover: 😶
Ugh, I've seen those "pull the pin" and "choose the right item" ads so many times they're practically burned into my brain. It's even more annoying when they purposely make these scenarios failures, getting you obsessive-compulsive triggered, but then you can't even scratch that itch because it was never the game to begin with. 😤
Lol what’s a mobile game app I have YouTube premium 😂🤣
I AM SOOOO HAPPY SOMEONE FINALLY TALKED ABOUT THIS. INSTANT RESPECT
I haven't even finished the video yet, but you're doing the lord's work, sir.
It’s funny because while I was watching this a weird ad for a game poped up
I have an idea for what the fourth section of the game theory logo should be: Music Theory.
You forgot...           Everyone in mobile ads have stupid
These guys make EA look like Nintendo
UK banned two games including Homescapes and Gardenscapes ads because of they are misleading,I hope this will help let DanTDM know that two games is using ads to mislead him too,We should do something to stop it before it could cause more misleads
There can be some great mobile games. I don’t play that many though, and surprisingly enough, Raid unfortunately is on that short list of great games. I personally play Marvel Contest of Champions though which has a spin-off side game called Marvel Realm of Champions. Contest is great, but I feel that Realm is at the bottom of the list
Mat pat do a theory about minecraft story mode talking about how Romeo got his powers
ok, sure I guess this argument is valid for the consumer but plagiarism is an another case
Just want to say that I got Gardenscapes and Homescapes a few years ago before they had really misleading ads, and if you know what you’re downloading, they’re actually pretty fun (IMO). If you want to get those logic puzzle things though, they are not the mobile games you should get
That intro is _way_ to accurate and true.
Damn mobile legends ads have been real quit this moth
If you solve this you are legally skilled-  ABdC abcd abcd 🤨🤨🤨🤨🥸🥸🧐🧐
On occasion where you do find an advertisement that leads to a game that actually is what is advertised, it feels nicer at least.
imagine seeing a mc java edition app on ur phone then relizeing it is asking you to pay to open creative mode then when you dont you look for diamonds and you try mining some after an hour but u need to pay 30 bucks             mobile adds: im going to pretend i didnt see that
If they know everyone wants to play the fake game, then WHY NOT MAKE IT THE ACTUAL GAME!
Let make a greenscreen
Epic!!!
Nice rick and morty reference at the beginning
so its illegal but since its not hurting anyone they just ignore it.... cool
"I cant reach pink level"
Onr word i gotta say for this video....EPIC!!!!!
That was a a EPIC stick
yo matpat, I had an idea for your fourth theory channel. Sound theory, a channel covering how audio and music affects the story, ambience, and other such things within video games, movies, and TV shows.
1:13 me too me too
My mindset with any ad I see ist usually, If it looks to good to be true, that's likely where there entire Budget went into, so the actual product is mediocre at best and definitely not worth my time. Especially true with ads for games.
While you were explaining this, I literally got an ad for that garden game.
Jeez you should watch the super bobs world ads. Which steal YouTube videos and real super mario footage and play them of as ads.
This doesn't explain how these games can and do use footage from other games, that isn't just a false advert, they are actually stealing from other creators. If YouTube can utterly destroy a channel for using 3 seconds of someone else's footage how on Earth can these mobile ads use footage from elsewhere without punishment. I really hoped to see the legal ramifications for thief of such things but alas the video skips over this for it's "Galaxy brain" footage of just misleading gameplay.
8:35 Stanley parable reference
😂 I play MLQC and I've seen their funny ads, they are nothing like the actual game
Lousey
This is cool and all but I'm genuinely invested in lilly garden's life....don't hate me
good thing this video has no ads
You should make a video on why geometry dash is so addictive.
I got one of those ads on this video
I thought this was an actual Ad
Can we all just congratulate games like Clash of Clans, Gension Impact, and Pokemon go for not lying to us 😌
Title: Are Your mobile games illegal Me: I should watch this Video: Talking about ads Me: OH THANK GOODNESS, I thought he meant the actual game 🤣 But still, cool video, but should of been more specific, 'cause u scared me.
Note to self: when I advertise a game I've made, don't use the best/favorite level. Use the most common level/gameplay in the ad (and make it the best!)
You could ban 99% of all mobile games and nobody would miss anything
When will you make your first channel
I have a question. Won't you get copyrighted for this video???
I've been on YouTube for years and I still don't get why people dislikes this kind of video.
finally someone actually calls out these stupid ads
The opening really said 'Minecraft'.
fun tip for any of you playing offline games with ads, just fire up airplane mode BEFORE you open the app. Works every time
Does Lily's Garden have bad ads? I've been playing for years, but I admittedly don't see many ads for the game itself! I'm just there for the story, which I am far too invested in at this point. 1500 levels invested. XD And - No - I am not usually swayed by the misleading ads.
yeah like how those ads that are not for kids
Watching this while I wait for mario 3d all stars to download. I GOT IT ON THE LAST DAY WHAA-
Ive seen ads for this Raft knock off mobile game that plays a “satisfying” video that has nothing to do with the game before their actual add which is still misleading.
(Overused comment to get hearted by Game Theorists)
EPIC
Game theory should make their videos into podcasts; I swear it would be so nice to listen onto this on walks, while playing a game, etc.
Day 1 of asking matpat to do a goosebumps theory
Ad: Why is this game so hard? Also Ad: *Pours gasoline on fire*   (If not, it's a hammer that automatically smashes everything)
Pokemon go never lies
For some reason when I read his name this time I thought it said the game terrorist
Only .000000000000000000000001% subscribe to TheGameTheorists, can you(insert cringe here)
I always watch to see if they actually make it through the puzzle. Usually i'm clicking the skip button before it even lets me.
"Harder than it looks"
When I just clicked the video it showed me the actual ad of the thing in the intro
ah yes, computerpunk a delightful phone game.
See, Its scummy what theyre doing... But I just want to stop seing the stupid ads. You can tell youtube youre not interested in an ad, yet three moments later you see the variant number 573. I. Just. Want. Different. and INTERESTING. ADS.
Level 900...  My mom is at level 4000
After all this time I still love this opening theme
8:38 Baby from Scribblenauts noooo!!
Imo it should be illegal to allow cringe and bait ads on YouTube.
I hate rise of empires mobile game, their reddit and Facebook adds have footage of age of empires 2. Trying to mess with people's nostalgia for that game. I hope no one falls for it.
I remember back in the day when those existed
I once saw an ad that took forage from a random game and footage of an impressed sundee (That footage of Sundee was from a completely different game [it wasn't even a mobile game])
Matpat how about Dangonronpa theory
I just got a mobile add like what he is talking about lol
Yea the ads are getting ridiculous. Even worse are the ones that 'feature' a Youtuber playing the game - I'm looking at you Used Car Dealer *cough* Vixella *cough* companies should not be allowed to do this
Finally. someone is covering this
0:26 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I can't tell you how many fekking times I've wanted to play that 'pull the pin, solve the puzzle' game.  Like seriously, I >WANT< to play that game! It looks fun. it looks replayable even, have fun messing it up, then have fun doing it properly.  But I can't fekking find it.
Dont worry Matapt annotations are not forgotten yet
Love how half the ones I’ve seen just rip off actual game content from games on steam or something
The game that not illegal is mobile legends bang bang
a pig in boots please. 12:55
DO A THEORY ON TERRARIA
So the youtube premium that i brought 3 months ago was worth it afterall
Sorry to be “that guy” but when you said “persecuted” I think you probably meant “prosecuted.”  Stellar video and good stuff all around, as usual. Thank you for explaining this in such an informative and entertaining way. 🙂
Who doesn't miss the mobile game ads from 2014-2017
Finally somebody talked about these even though I never was gonna download them the weirdest ads are the Lilly’s garden ads omg
Wait- so we aren't going to talk about how they get away with using other games visuals for their ads? We mention they do it- but not gonna look at that angle? I mean sure- FTC isn't going after them for harm but, I've seen assets and full on screen captures from other games and art from other mediums being used to advertise stuff- can't we end on a "But while the FTC can't do much- perhaps these companies being stolen from can?"
All game apps will eventually become lobsters. Got it
Got a mobile game ad while watching this
Yesss “Pull the pin! Just kidding.”
so the FTC won't sue these game companies, but I'm sure that the game developers that those companies stole the footage from might or will.
Glad im an fgo only player..... god i hate gatcha
JrJ
Hey I got absolutely ZERO ads on this video lol 😂
Oh oh oh. Don't get me started the. A mobile game was so fake that nothing is more real than it.b
I've actually seen "actual gameplay" in an ad before, presumably because of all these misleading ads the fact that truthfully advertising the product you are showing a customer is a genuine selling point nowadays actually makes me sad I wonder if anything else happens if these ads get reported in other countries or if it happens the same way there
I'm surprised the FTC only went after match and not every other dating app in general. Because almost every f****** dated napping tight does this. Literally all of them do that. The tricky with fake messages in life and once you pay nobody's actually there.  Yet for some reason match.com is the one that gets targeted and dealt with the most. This isn't the first time they had to deal with something like this, remember when they used to say there was a number one dating site in marriage and relationships? That was a goddamn lie. And the is it FCC or FTC I already forgot, one of them said to stop doing that s***.  So I'm not surprised they eventually went after one of them, but I'm intrigued why they keep going after match.com specifically and I'm assuming it's one of the oldest ones and not going after other apps and sites that do that too. Such as Tinder. Again they all do it, but 10 is probably one of the other biggest offenders probably right behind match.com
FK Ads
The thing that's EPIC is it being on trending
I legit got one of those fake ads on this video
FTC should fine Google for putting these ads up
game theory is way better with matpat
OwO
"long enough to get to level 965"  ah quarantine
Matpat hope you make a theory about Karlson 3D
They can't be sued for misleading ads, but we can remove them from youtube at least because here we can report misleading ads.
Hey I play garden scapes too
The Theory channels. Always bringing up the real problems in our world to light.
for april fools you should do a part two to the ness and sans video. and use your old intro.
I see adds like that all the time.
friday night funkin theories when
please make the next episode about the lemon demons from fnf back story PLEASE     and just to make shere that fnf means friday night funkin
Matpat: is your milk illegal? People: what did he say.
While watching this i got one of these fake ads. Lol
Everyone bout to head tp play store and download this new game you can do anything you want
my mom doesn't listen to me when I keep telling her it's not the real game like you saw in the ads but she doesn't believe me and then she came to me and said"why I have a lot of ads in my phone."
Our savior thank you mat pat
The real question is Not are they legal, but does google have the decency to look at what they advertise and allow on their store?
Mobile games are advertising falsely!  also, this video was sponsored by RAI-
I seen game adds like those on my pc too.
Only 1% can pass pink !!! 😱😱😱😱😱🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶
Ironic how before the video even started I got a Lily's Garden ad
whats the name of the game with the mirror i havent seen it before
As I watch this video I get one
Speaking of ads... I'm tired of getting ads for clearly right wing propaganda. I don't watch any sort of political channels, I use YT mainly for gaming, movie and music related stuff.
My 4 year old has been playing garden scapes, homescapes, and Lily's Garden for a year now. Hes really good too. So far hasn't made any in app purchases thank God
i caught on to this when the truthful ad of homescapes was played next to the new fake one my brain was really confused so i googled homescape ads and immediatly noticed the difference
D8d anyone get a misleading ad on this video
I literally got 3 million ads for mobile games watching this.
Mobile Legends cringe ads anyone?
But what about them ripping of others games adds is not copy righted
MY mobile games? You take me for a fool.  seriously these games are not for smart people
Hey guys we’re forgetting “new game for bad beaches”
YouTube sees a inappropriate video: TAKE IT DOWN. Also youtube: Oh look at that it is stolen footage in ads WeLL iT MaKES Me mOnEy
Who else got the ads Matpat is talking about on this video 😒
Yea sure and then there are ads that are 10 HOURS LONG
but we don't want someone to stop them because it's stealing your money, we want someone to do it because it is too mush, and why youtube and other companies are fone with these ads in their website
8:37 Even a pro button pusher couldn't solve this one
Day 3 of asking for a marble hornets, tribe twelve or Everyman hybrid theory
The 400 unlike just the people who made the games am I right
Someone finally said it. Thank you.
OH MY DIET COLA, FINALLY SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS THE BULL TESTICLE OF THESE ADS
Sees intro. Me: Is this video about false advertising?
it would be nice if people didnt refer to the evolution theory as the truth. After all it is just a theory. A game theory.
"Worst then click bait videos"
You guys will never guess what type of ad I got when watching this
Is there a reason Banished (a game *I Own* by the way, though it's no 'Stronghold') hasn't gotten after Lazy Games Etc for *Copyright* violations?
You got games on your phone?
Is A/B testing why you had the  SUPER AMAZING END CARD TORNAMENT?
good vid
I play Minecraft 7 hours a day I don't need mobile ads
Game adds: If you complete this challenge you’re legally a person “ The challenge”: which is a car : 🚗🦯🚇
"You've probably seen mobile game adds like this:" Me with Premium "???"
The advertisement: *ULTRA HD PHOTO-REALISTIC QUALITY* The game: crossword
This is why I do not respect nor recognize mobile gamers and mobile game devs in equal measure.  FTC can't do much about it unless they for Google to deal with it or face fraud consequences.
This video was sponsored by raid shadow legends
That's how mafia works
thank you for this video
Maybe we could see a Super Amazing Endcard Tournament again? It's been quite a while... 👀
Game: pay 5 dollars for no ads  Me: *turns off wifi*  Game: face swapped mikwasowski
I miss honest gameplay
The FTC logo literally looks like an evil villain
Best intro ever. Errm... I mean.. it was very EPIC
How about Mobile legends. They copy most of the characters in other games like LoL and Dota. And they make misleading ads to.
So why can't the studio working on Project Awakening sue Dragon Awakening studio?
Not for my Right hand😏
Cause that’s how mafia works
Soo, uhh... anyone else got  these same mobile ads while watching this vid?
I have experienced this nonsense and I don't like it I'm gald Someone had the guts to confront this childish things -me 2021 trying to act like like a full grown person
worse part is most ad blockers dont work for youtube
at the moment this video has 69K likes very nice
The minute YouTube Red (now YouTube premium) was available I jumped on that bandwagon. So glad I don't have to deal with the awfulness that is these kind of ads!
You said epic 9 times
That neutral floor cleaner powerade hurt to see.
I played gardenscapes before the bad adds
This makes me wonder...  What kind of mobile games ARE the majority of people playing? To be exact, the people watching this video maybe? Have you guys ever downloaded these games from the crummy ads? Or if not, what kind of mobile games do you play/consider "good"?
Why is did this became political
"After all if you're blatantly breaking the law and nobody's out there trying to stop or punish you, why would you stop?" Idk man sounds like your kinda supporting breaking the law
I need alyesia to become the next female AVGN
OH MY GOSH I FORGOT ABOUT YOUTUBE ANNOTATIONS
Thank you! There are few things in life that are more irritating  than mobile game adds! Now I know why.
There's a new sound that wasn't there before in the intro 0:58
Stop lying   Mat pat these games don’t lie I’m legally.  Batman now so.
Oh yeah, I totally forgot about the Super Amazing End Card Tournament
Is this a raid joke
The intro was EPIC
6:10 Well wasn’t that a clever spot to add an info card to Crow 64?
dang i remember the collored annotations
11:15 well I guess markiplier is Oliver stevens
No no  Matt  You're forgetting something  They make these things  For  M o n e y
Do a community film theory that if they could really save greendale the way they did
Virus: happened Low quality mobile game adds: *its show time*
More THEORIES:  FNAF, The FINAL Timeline ►► @t​ FNAF, The Monster We MISSED! ►► @​ FNAF This Theory Changes Everything ► @t​ FNAF, You Were Meant To Lose ► @​ FNAF 6, No More Secrets ► @t​  ITS ALL FNAF
only 1889 kids will like this video 😏
I call it: false advertising
Ive seen some games steal trailers from popular games like fall guys.  For example i saw a game that had the title "sports guys" and they stole the video from the fall guys trailer and put some annoying text like "20% PASS" with some gasping emoji   and another where someone stole some recording of a game of among us and put one of their actors who talks about how he is soo good at the game because he vented when no one was around. When the actual game was just a puzzle but among us themed  and speaking of the actors in the ads they're honestly annoying as hell. Anyone ever seen that game where you have to get those little people and bring them to the end to get scores for how many you got? They made a ad where someone was playing the game and kept saying how they're amazing since no one can get them in the most childish voice they could make
who cares? shouldn't we just make it not illegal if we don't like it?
A game called summonors greed had a try button I pressed it it was very easy I downloaded the game and it was harder than expected
99.99999999 percent of people can't do it The game: pop the bubbles to win
I mean... I play cod mobile so...
TELL THEM MATPAT
Mmm am i late?
YouTube: “Everyone OUT!” [Insert youtubers who swear] YouTube: “Except you, you stay” [Insert weirdass ads]
Oh god, even queen crimson is better then these ads
The real question is why google iant even adding anyway to stop this
Great psa. Thanks now do gambling in aaa games
It's funny how I got a mobile game ad after watching this video lol
I've seen those ads even on computer, not just mobile YT. I think I'd really like Hero Wars if those puzzles were the whole game.
"and that dogs are stronger than cats"  Flashbacks to when i saw someone's cat beating up a stray dog
If you want to know more about about app games and general and how their practices are really stingy I’d recommend watching some of the older extra credits videos
At 1037 the phone of the complainer has the epic of stew on it
both my parents have played garden scape and are in the 900's of levels i showed them this video they said they have never seen this minigame
Everytime i see an ad my brain just goes:u aint tricking me this time bi** because i already fell for. one the one that i fell for: *a game that i tought was multiplayer but all the players are bots*
Is it just me or does the FTC symbol look like a face
EPIC
Oh if your looking for like an actual good mobile game the people who made Jetpack joyride have made a 2nd version which has released but only in specific country’s sadly but you know just get a vpn  Edit: here’s the link https://youtu.be/j1X3ImsWj_I
I am a power player when it comes to ark
The mobile ads are getting so bad different mobile games are basically copying eachother or using the same scenarios that don't depict the game in any way
What about the ads for the games that make it seem like you can get thousands of dollars playing virtual pachinko except when you really play it you get like 50 cents
That german channel of 2 buddies    TwoEpicBuddies
MatPat you're always trending 😃😃😃
"The soap you use! Its sh*t!"
its evolving just backwards
SOMEBODY TELL DANNY GONZALEZ ABOUT THIS!
To be fair, Gardenscapes and Homescapes are a fun games, that is until i found the misleading ad and i can't get rid of the "This game is misleading" thought
I hate how they’re all just candy crush rip offs
The "ruining your childhood since 2011" amazed me since I was born in 2011
Why, might you perchance explain, do you fin the name... Sussus... Amogus... funny...?
Talk about VOODOO games!
Call me Emperor baited me badly and I was addicted for months... awful
I am on level 3,901 of Homescapes and I can 100% PROMISE those "minigames" almost never show up, and have NOTHING to do with the actual game.
The only game ads I get are for borderline hentai anime games, which is weird because I have personalised ads off.
Hero rescue, is not like what it shows. I saw an add that showed a different game but in the same art style and characters.
As lame as misleading mobile games are, I’m too bored to play anything else or spend money on it
Again, what i say The way to browse internet nowadays is literally to use a operating system that's not that popular(like Linux on PERSONAL computers(not saying about phones because android is a linux based os)), and use a system-wide adblocker.
8:33 I saw the vampire one and the other 2 were invisible to me.
“This video sponsored by garden scapes”
Can’t wait
The only mobile game I like is Simpleplanes, all the other crappy games that's been pumping out like hot cakes is a shame...  Yes, simpleplanes out of all the mobile apps and games because that said game is one one of the best sandbox games to get.
Kinda surprising that my mom has been playing gardenscapes for nearly 4 years already and hasn't got tired of it
I don't believe in A/B testing, God made ads this way, and that's why they stick around.
I’ve actually once seen an add an youtube for some idle plant thing and they showed THE TRAILER FOR PLANTS VS ZOMBIES BATTLE FOR NEIGHBOURVILLE
Misleading ads after watching this video: oh no, anyway
Just goes to show that games and desperateness go very well together Game developers will do anything to get people to play the game and the gamers will do anything to win said game
After 45 seconds of watching this video I yelled "IT'S SO TRUE THOUGH!
Im so glad stuff like this is being talked about. The amount of filth that are these ads that are tricking naive people and children to download fake and misleading apps and  games for their own gain are terrible. Some of them most definitely deserve to get dislike bombed on their store page. Absolute scum.
About a year ago I saw an ad where they straight up used footage from God of War 2018
I was just talking about this with my friends
how old are annotations? cause i remember those
I remember my friend used to play these games just for the interactive adverts 😂
FINALLY! SOMEONE IS TALKING ABOUT THESE STUPID ADS!!!
Also their are so many mobile games that are knockoffs of the worlds popular video game that we ever loves, and that game is Minecraft.   That's right, people are making copies of, Minecraft, and on all of those Minecraft ripoff ads that I got, have used one of the YouTuber's music video, I think without their permission, I know that one of them is ZAnimations, Elemental Animation (Villager Videos), and I think that's pretty much it. They used those YouTuber's music videos, and their videos on their ripoff minecraft games.
Doge!!!!!
i once saw an ad where they straight up stole content from red dead redemption 2 to advertise a gambling
Question: With the case of Dragon Awakening getting footage from Project awakening, can the creators of Dragon Awakening be sued for copyright issues?
Of all the games I've downloaded from ads, Merge Mansion is the only one I've kept because its ads are truthful and show in-game footage.
69k likes nice
Puzzle 99.99 percent can not solve it the puzzle:(()
pc games are better because the ad promise the game
I literally got an ad for lily's garden with video and the app isnt anything like the actual game lmao
I got one of those adds watching a video abt those adds
Well, I mean they're scams so of course they would be illegal in some way.
I will say through the entire time I've ever known you on YouTube, you have stayed the same in the best ways I know you probably won't see this but thanks
I saw this game call voodoo pranks by voodoo. Which is basically murdering people who have done wrong apparently like your ex. I haven’t played it but it probably has a bunch of ads. Definitely not a prank 😟
The only mobile ad that made me actually want to buy the game is rise of kingdoms which was pretty fun for a while
I hate mobile game ads, there is basically no point of them existing.
I'm surprised nothing about copyright or trademark law made its way into the video. I don't play mobile games so I do get a lot of these ads. But if they are taking footage from other games you would think that there would be some extra attention from the original game companies filing claims against the apps.
Me: gets an ad with fake content that is not included in the game while watching content talking about fake content that’s not included in the game.
Can't stop play Stop telefon no oh so  you  are a  gamer  get to level not
Take a shot everytime he says "epic" in the intro  Actually, don't
There’s also one called save the girl
I'm clearly not a "power player" because I generally don't have any money to spare for games mobile or otherwise. And when I do have the money to spare I have to REALLY REALLY love the game to do in-app-purchases which even then are going to be the lowest tier/pack available for purchase.
I see the game adds on mobil all the time AND YOU ARE SO RIGHT it is so dumb absolute trash game apps thinking I care about 1000000000000000 fight power like I care why does it matter that kinda makes me not want to play the game
white it is true that the initial download isn't harming the pocket book or moral well being. After the app is installed, it is very possible that the whale is mentally in a bad place and should be a psychologist. and they are probably spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on the app. Pushing them possibly into debt and that should be looked at by the FTC.
the intro made me cringe
What about copyright laws? Wouldn't the ads stealing other peoples video and claiming it as their own be against the law? For example 3:43
😅 I accidentally skipped the beginning. Sorry matpat force of habit.
This topic is something I’ve been wondering about for sooooo long so I love this video and seeing you talk about it, like if your promoting gameplay that you know people will like why don’t you just make that the game??? It doesn’t seen that complicated to me but maybe there’s more too it
I actually complained to the ASA in the UK about "Hero Wars" last year, which also used this key style of ad, and it got bounced around until I finally got an email from the equivalent agency called CARO in Cyprus, where the developers are based, and it was ruled that they not run the ads again in their current format. But that's it. There's no financial penalty, just a cease and desist. Not worth our time to complain about it!
Matpat get on this don’t be all like these other game developers and make this simple game. I would love to see a matpat character!
Man even a stick more epic than me
adblocker be like
The video we all been waiting for
My biggest flex is my mom download it because its tile matching 👍
These ads thrive off of making gameplay that is so blatantly simple, but played by “people” who are so astronomically incompetent that it frustrates the viewer to see a puzzle so easy to solve be foolishly muddled over and over
Even tho you got no ad revenue , there are no ads and that is EPIC
At lest I'm not the only one🙂
Capitalism. It is very flawed.
Get these stupid ads on YouTube, and and I don't even use mobile YouTube.
“Ruining your childhood since 2011” Man i love that  Edit: oml so many likes in 2hrs tysm
what about other avenues of solving this? does google's ad program have rules about misinformation? if so, maybe an ad seller could incur strikes and get banned from using certain ad distributors
i was watching this and my little baby sister comes in and see mario and she goes "thats mario" it was very cute
It was one of the reason why I bought YouTube premium. I got tired of seeing the shady ads, I never fell for them though.
*Laughs in raid shadow legends* (Don't worry matpat is never getting this sponsor according to one of his talk videos)
BOWSERS FURY FOREVERRRRRRR
OMg I CaNT gEt pAsT ThIs LeVel The level: What color is red
ftc be like "yeah it's illegal we just don't care."
There was a mobile drift game that obviously used Forza Horizon 4 footage
more crow 64
It's slightly less amazing that they haven't been legally cracked down on than it is that Google and Facebook are allowing them to continue serving misleading ads. You would think Google at least would have some vested interest in not having to serve up data for low-effort games that aren't going to make them money, but sucker people in to at least downloading with misleading ads. On the other hand, what even is ethics to a company that size? And if they have no legal responsibility to police truth in advertising, why would they. Gods know, by now they've more than shown how they feel about moderating content: Automate everything and let people at each other's throats until it looks like lawyers are going to get involved.
I legitimately wish I could play those puzzle games that are "loot this" "escape that"
I ALWAYS look at the reviews before downloading an app. Those poor, brave souls who had to learn the hard way that the app was a false advertisement and a garbage experience
I HATE HERO WARS ADS, MAKE ME STUPID !!! 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Guys i just saw a blockcraft ad that had legit dan tdm minecraft gameplay
Project awakening: tbd  Just like gbf re:link, where's my game Cygames *aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa*
Super Amazing Endcard Tournament!!!
Wate i was born when it ruining your childhood since 2011 that is the year I was born
I just got one of those Ads on this YouTube video regarding combat power being 5,000,000 and then someone else’s being higher etc
Most important word: *e p i c*
The kindly charles concurringly change because romania descriptively launch sans a rebel exhaust. glib, nutritious processing
Man, I get these ads a lot when I play Tetris on my phone. It’s just Tetris, and I can’t go 5 minutes without these ads interrupting my games.
What about that one mafia game mafia town or sumthin
'You wont last 10 seconds playing this game.'
I literally got a bad mobile game ad while watching this video.
If you were in youtube at the time annotations were a thing in like the comment
Fr thoooooo. I fricken hate dumb mobile ads that literally lie about their gameplay as well as just showing off female bodies in a sexual manner
"long enough to get to level 965." my mom who finished candy crush "FINNALY A WORTHY OPPONENT, OUR BATTLE WOULD BE LEGENDARY"
I'm sure the companies are also probably in an outside country so contacting and dealing with them is more difficult
Aren’t they breaking coppa rules though since they target children?
*EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC*  Video as always 👌
This game ad stealing thing is so common that even people that don't even have YouTube channel goes on YouTube makes a video about this so this is outrageous I hate this ad stealing game
Best video ever
Thank you for making this video! Really important stuff
That intro is epic □ nice
moral of the day:  F*CK THE FTC......kinda
Funnily enough I got a lily's garden ad
This is ironic as matt patt as never released a theory videos and feels the need to call out here out on the same thing he does himself
I got an horrible mobile game ad in the midde of watching this
I’ve been waiting for this theory forever
At least King is honest about their advertising
but is there an actual game of the key pulling puzzles thing, because if it's so effective at getting clicks, it seems like someone should take advantage of that (although...how would they advertise it? "Unlike everyone else's ads, _this_ one is showing actual gameplay!!)
The intro is basically ever bad youtuber that over hyped their intro only for views
after watching this video I have become legally skilled 😳
Epic.
EPIC
hello i am a HUGE fan
Me sitting down and watching this video  EPIC
It is voodoo magic.
How exactly is this a theory
As someone who has tried a lot of "online dating" aps I fell for the "you have a message" thing one time. I became jaded after that and don't believe the person is real if I get a message. My first assumption is  1) This person is probably a bot 2) if not a bot, they are after my money in some way and say things like "Am form Californai, need aid to get back hom as stuck in Africa". 3) Women have hundreds of messages and have the problem "ugh, another message from someone I'm not interested in".. Me... "Welp, I have sent a message to everyone I am interested in and no replies"  As for the mobile ads, I wish the mini games were real... they would be so much fun, but I don't like bait and switch.
People who have youtube premium: I'm sorry is this some kinda of joke I'm to   non ad to understand?
Talking about these games thanks Matt Pat
Well genshin impact isn't a fake game at least
wut
Wish gardenscape would just make the game everyone wants to play rather than spending time and money pretending it’s good
Man how come these years the ads are such bull but in the ol 2010s They showed genuine gameplay Like Mino monsters Those old games  I don’t remember  But they literally showed ads that actually showed gameplay
I didn't get a single ads during this video And i feel like frickin mobile game ads just gave up on me
EPIC!
Too real to be good
That fake add sounded like the mighty n°9 trailer
The garden shapes ad is in india!
Cool intro
omg thank you for this video i hoped i wasnt the only one
You should change the logo
you can have cursors on mobile, you just need to connect a mouse to your phone
its match 4 or a stolen pc game shoved into unity and put on a phone, and raid
Why hasn't anyone made an actual pull the key game yet?
I'm sad, now.
Me with sensitive neck and really bad tension issues: OH THE THEME IS PLAYING TIME TO THRASH AROUND
So school is currently expanding our knowledge on probability. Your videos are genuinely helping me to learn more in enjoyable ways
are your mobile games legal  me who plays legends and dokkan battle: yes
Yes, they are
the mobile game ads that I played with real gameplay is AfterLife and Genshin Impact, the game companies that make misleading gameplay should be ashamed
Those sliding bar puzzles are always impossible to make you download it to see the solution
There needs to be an organization that deals with the mobile that bigger organizations don’t have time for!
Thank you! Finally, some answers
FUN FACT! I was playing a game and got an ad for a monster truck game, from my recconmendeds and GUESS WHAT. The last bit was stolen from an PS4/PS5 game, Monster Jam Steel Titans of the 'Zombie' monster truck doing a front flip..
Remember the good old days when angry birds ads was the standard for ads?
I hate mobile game ads so much
I remember the old gardenscape ads showed the actual game
somehow that intro had more effort put into it than the actual ads
Lmao I got a mobile game ad at the start.
I was really curious about this, hopefully these Ads will be gone soon
Bfb
Supercell games re the best mobile games of all time
My jaw dropped at that match.com info 🤭 that’s really cruel
It's kinda funny how they show stuff that is not related to the game at all, I saw an ad showing star wars stuff when the game was just a garden game.
Me with my long hair tied up: Hold on let me take this bun down before the theme starts so I can get a PROPER HEAD BANG IN BOYS
The fake Pokemon ads are the worst.
Mobile games ad on a video about how Mobile Games being illegal, ironic
Don't feel old because you remember annotations. I remember them and I'm 16. Feel old because that means I was born in 2004/2005.
Blokada for the win on android to block ads and it is open source, Apple users good luck mates, your best bet is dns changers and vpns that have an ad blocking/malware filter but that only blocks some of the ads, one example is Surfshark but I have not used it in a while on my ipad so check first.
Only good mobile game is Minecraft pocket edition     The old version not the new version
I play Gardenscapes, but I was playing a long time before the misleading ads came around. I hate those ads now.
What’s worse is that the medieval looking game with the Family Guy looking art style kinda plays similar to a game called Fallout Shelter, which is a decent game that’s centered on the fallout series that Bethesda owns
The background music in the beginning of this video is the same music in some of the Unus Annual videos. Go back and listen
I don’t lie & I get in trouble lol
Okay,I kind of get the rest of the times he says it's just a theory,since science isn't a prominent thing in video games,but...      *THIS ISN'T EVEN A VIDEO GAME VIDEO THIS TIME,YOU PRACTICALLY PROVED IT-*
Now this is what I call AD abusing in its finest! {Note: I’m not Trying to say he’s doing something bad I’m trying to say he is doing something good}
What I hate about these kinds of adds is that people seem to think that every mobile game is like this. There’s some real gems of games out there, but everyone immediately says that they’re bad just because they’re on mobile.
The ones that promise real money in quick time are much worse.
Thank you matpat I've been waiting for this theory for a long time you're finally doing a mobile game Theory
No, go back I want to be monke
Hey im playin asphalt 8 airborne took alot of gig out of my 16 gig phone
Imagine if this video was sponsored by Raid: Shadow Legends
I keep seeing an ad that is cartoon pictures of girls and the finger has an eraser and can _erase_ the girl's clothes. It's trying to draw you in with girls. I have a feeling that you can't do that inside the games.
Anyone get thoes adds that launch the app store at the end of the add?
Y’all know it’s bad when someone makes a freaking game theory on it :/\
Do a fnaf security breach theory
965? I'm on level 3002 c:
Really hoped the intro would be on a mobile instead of the usual desktop
Video 1 of asking for a Friday Night Funkin theory
MatPat: Romance them to have an experience best described in one word...EPIC EPIC EPIC  Me a person who just got out of honors English: that’s three letters
Plagiarism!!! Much plagiarism!!!
Me who plays Minecraft on mobile- NO that can’t be true!
Well, if you too are thinking "Why the hell the number one enemy of humans is humans?" -  leave a Like.
Let's be honest, THIS VIDEO SHOULD AIR IN SCHOOLS
How is this illegal? *shows a girl about to be ripped apart*
Wow! A stick is epic!  I wanna find one
I think we all have a Chad relationship with the Sasquatch Soap dude. Like, he could sell reversible jackets and I'd strongly consider buying one.
You should do an episode of FB ads for games that are all cleary massive scams or asset flips and are also about teh weirdest things ("ship demolition" supposidely placing you in the spot of underage starving workers breaking down container ships on the shore of India).
I feel like what happen the brought Albert Einstein back to play thinking he would suck but he solved it before they record it so they blind folded and put his arm behind his back told him to solve it again but they put on a different game. Then when Albert Einstein does the steps to solve it but he couldn’t, so they went like “hey Albert Einstein has 200 iq right well we can now say 99.9 percent can not solve this.”
I miss my kids
I literally got one of those stupid lilys garden ads before this video
If mat pat got rid of all useless ads
I choose to skip meals to afford premium because it's better than being subjected to advertising 🤢
I have to say, I have never trusted game ads or even app ads in particular. I even remember a few that stole YouTube content creators' video to show something they are incapable of doing, like lighting a fire on WrenTheReaper's old videos.
HAH I never knew they were fake, Today I learned. LOL
What about the super amazing end card tournament
Should do "Ad Theory" next.
Age of empires Will have nothing but my eternal hatred
Did...did he just call Banished relaxing? I mean, sure- I guess if you find your entire population starving through a winter "relaxing", then he's got a point.
One time there was ad that was actually the game. It was one of the pull the keys and another one was make sure they survive and it was the real game. They were called save the girl and something else
The beginning is so true it’s like ever mobile game ad ever
I can relate i get tons of those adds and they suck.
Who remembered the old intro?
I’m confused though. Are you saying the game companies are designing the games as people are responding?
Since we are on the topic of ads what about those extremely dumb R.O.K ads  or the new warpath ads even though the old ones were nice
When you get a mobile add before watching this vid
I remember watching an ad for a mobile game I swear it was just gameplay footage of a first person shooter that takes place in revolutionary era America, and it was just that terrible mobile FF15 redesigned again
i swear, mat is avoiding splatoon. Pls do a splatoon theory, i rly want to see another on this channel
That looks *EPIC*
Hey TGT, can you please go back to Minecraft and do a video on the Minecart crash theory, the one that explains all the cave sounds and stuff like that? That would be a cool video!
It’s pretty disappointing seeing Gardenscapes and Homescapes ads like these. I have been playing both of those games for well over 2 years, way before these ads existed. These games weren’t even the original game or made by the same developer in the first place. It used to be a PC game where you’d play hidden object puzzles to find items in your house to sell to people so you could buy new decor for the garden to renovate it. It just makes me sad to see those ads for games I really do like to play. :(
That thumbnai pic reminds me of AI Dungeon.
Matpat just called out every ad lol
Hey MatPat I just got merch! I bought the soft jacket!
If you solve this you are EPIC  1236  What is the missing number ?  Only 0.0001% of the people can solve this 😎🥺☺️😶😀😎🙏😸😀😶🎂💩😄😀😘🤣🤣😸😸😁👍👍😍😸☺️🛐😢😢😂🦊🤣😡🙁😏🥵🤬😰🤓🤭
What if you copy right those type of game ads
The FTC logo looks like an uninterested face you will never un see it now
I know they are scams from the start, so I never really think about download them even once. But their art styles just look so disgusting to me, feel like puking every time I see one
FTC looks like a smug grin. Just saying.
Garden scape is fun though:(
Speaking of which remember when Activision straight up said Crash Team Racing Nitro was not going to have microtransaction only to proceed to add in game microtransactions a few months after it was released and was made game of the freaken year Where was the FTC on that they straight up lied and said they weren't going to be any and everyone believed them except cause as soon as I saw the in game store required to be connected to a crappy server I like nope I've played enough ubisoft games to know where this is going
AFK arena has the dumbest adds  Level 1 boi: **Runs around and finds a level 100 boi** Level 100 boi: **Wearing a suit, tie, and sunglasses** Level 1 boi: OHMIGOSH! hOw dId yOU GeT tO LeVeL 100??? Level 100 boi: *That's because I play AFK ARENA* (But the level one boi already has AFK arena or else he wouldn't be at level one, so how does that even KBNIJNSOFNF)
Nice stanley parable reference... if it is
If yuo got past minet 1 your legalee a mofia boss.
did we just get a reference to the "SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT" in 2021? beautiful. it's been far too long.
There's probably also something to be said about the infamousness of these ads that give it more publicity and how that makes the type of ads narrow down to the "Heres a puzzle that a baby could solve but OOPS!"
Petition to make MatPat say the word epic like he does in the intro in every video
Yeah I was also tricked Two Times by these games But now I Have Experience And I am now UnTrickable😎🔥
Finally someone who is bringing this up! Thank you MatPat! I always hated most of those ads ngl to the point i just skip em. Especially the really just... Disgusting ones. Not in the sense of "ewwww thats gross!" But more the "how your trying to advertise this disgusts me"
You guys, I need help!   I can’t reach pink color! 😣
Yes
Top coments that rate these games in the store: "3 STARS, THE GAME IS GOOD BUT ITS NOT LIKE THE AD"
10:2  I search on PlayStore and I got WR lol
anyone play fallout shelter was the only one that kinda didn’t push ads n etc but kinda lost support no updates for months ):
Why don't you theorize little nightmares
food theory try Jollibee it ami
Meanwhile, there is this YouTUbe called CodeMonkey who made these "Illegal games" reality >.>
One of the most entertaining things that I do is go to the Facebook ad library account for Voodoo, it's hilarious how wild they get.   Sometimes the same gameplay will be used in one ad captioned "Conservatives hate this game" and "Liberals hate this game."
I am old enough to remember annotations, but does anyone else remember when youtube had a 5-star system?
As a game designer, I truly believe that mobile gaming has a lot of potential. Yet not an ounce of it is realized because of these shitty companies. It's no wonder "real gaming" has nothing to do with mobile gaming. And saying that is not even gatekeeping because it is the sad truth. The mobile market is so rotten by this that any player who has a minimum of respect for the medium will turn their back on mobile gaming.
Yes
Crappy ads+"Freemium"= Legal way of stealing your money. Example, ROK. 1 gamer actually spent almost  $50k.
Jesus is coming back soon please repent and turn to Jesus Christ so you can be saved and spend eternity with Jesus
3:56 thats the pc i have and the same one im watching this on :D
7:10 a-are those what the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENTs were?
Meanwhile, Yostar be out here making full animated shorts and music videos to promote their mobile games. I can honestly say that Arknights has some of the greatest advertising ever, and a genuinely interesting and well thought out story and lore I’ve ever seen in a mobile game.
Yeah YouTube premium doesn’t make you watch ads ha ha
What's the fourth theory show
Everyone: Uhh, I hate these stupid mobile ads I can’t even stop them... Also everyone: *I know, but he can:*         Game theory sounds in the background
I mark most ads like that as irrelevant because of that annoying nonsense, hate ads that annoy me
i feel like have a personal connection with that guy too. He showed me the light my soap was so bad
God I love supercell for not doing that Supercell is just an amazing game developer
I remember annotations and I am only 12
Take them down mat pat
Nice use of BATIM assets
Its ironic that i got one of those crappy ads while watching this.
Lv 50 mafia boss ad: you took everything from me  99.9% can't pass this level ad: I don't even know who you are
Glad someone had actually talked about this pollution
1:14 I know I’m not the only one
PLEASE! CAN YOU DO A LITTLE NIGHTMARES THEORY(if you have time)OR FRANBOW(also if you have time)🥺
Finally, let the war begin!!!
8:42 "The power players". That's such a gentle way to call a moron. I'll start using it.
How is there no game theory discord?
Not sure if you would ever see this but I got an epic delivery that was your epic jacket, and it is epic!
I want to put a footprint into matpats soft spot
Ooh a game theory not about fnaf
I think about writing a review but I just delete it and throw my phone at a wall
You ever get those ads you can't skip that automatically take you to the app store after, or worse, try to auto download?
Gardenscapes has the same uggly visuals as fortnite. Im not joking, the design choice in those 2 games is just straight out nasty.
Dragon Aeaken ads vs game is legit just like Raid Shadow Legends and league of legends Insane high quality ads that have almost nothing to do with the game
I literally just got an ad for Qualcomm mobile gaming…
Can’t reach pink if there is no pink level
I recently got an ad that was just Spider-Man PS4 but modded so Spider-Man was yellow. They called it Super Rope Man but you could still hear JJJ in the background saying Spider-Man
Technically the truth
I knew match.com was bs I wasted over $100 on that bs
this ad isnt EPIC
This is why I hate mobile games. most are badly made and the ads are mostly clickbait
The reason why sexual ads stay on youtube:   If it pays it stays
Simultaneously glad and really upset I'm not the only one who has had to deal with this.
As soon as the video ended i had an ad for... You wanna make video games? Join us and become a game developer....
"99.9% of people can't solve this puzzle"...  The puzzle: impossible
i wanna see a game theory about the game infra
the true chad of mobile games are the games that dont advertise with a fake ad and dont bombard you with in app purchases
Epic Life   “Epic” G A M E S THAT ARE NOT TRUSTWORTHY
Me and my friends have a joke and it’s “The ad is always better than the game”
Mobile Games in 2009-2016 honest ads and f2p friendly  Mobile games in 2019 nO oNe CaN rEaCh PiNk
404 dislikes: dislike not found
Forget annotations, does anyone even remember the -301 Club? Anyone...? Please...? .w.
*Funny I got a Gardenscapes ad on this*
If you download these type of games, you basically got rickrolled
The more theories in the description are all FNAF I think matpat has a thing for animatronics  if you know what I mean
On 5000 somerhing
Let's all be real here, its were tiktok got popular too, its usually a result of countries with shitty laws. I'm not saying out of racism as I know people from these countries, hate the people who make these types of scamming games.
What about the people who blatantly steal footage from other games as advertising for their game? There has to be copyright laws against this. I need answers Matpat. I need answers.
mobile game devs: *apes together strong*
Slow clap, slow clap...
if you solve level 300 you are legally skilled
Call of duty mobile has started making these type of ads.     Bruh
5:22 is that... fallout shelter?
Finnally! YEEAAAAAH
i feel sorry for people who are power players of these mediocre apps they call "games"
Idea for honest advertising: Skate Theory, a channel about the more technical aspects of skateboarding, along with a line of skater theorywear.
Mobile game Dad: Couldn’t put a shirt on right Mobile game Mom: Absolute legend, master of video games
It may be illegal but...        That's how mafia works
Game Theory! Remembering we have an amazing intro sequence... since the last episode.  (And, well, I'm a YouTube Premium subscriber. *Worth*It*.)
Petition to return the “Super Amazing End Card Tournament”
funny how we’re getting played by the games, rather than playing them ourselves. i love how they’re just calling all of humanity stupid, and in a way we are, because many of us fall for the false ads, myself included, granted i was younger, and i’m less naive. but as i hit download i always hold hope in these games and that i won’t once again be getting played.
Not saying anything against allisa but that’s a bit weird I’ve gotten like 8 and I’m only on level 127
This was made march 30 time 1:11
At this point most mobile games are just ads
0:48 this is literaly the 1st time I've seen da springtrap doll
Heh I made multiple accounts on my iPad so I can put one star reviews on Raid Shadow Legends.
this is a gardenscapes call out
13:20 Woah woah woah, an Oct2020 update at the end of the video? how long was this theory baking in the theorist oven?
*when I found out this actually was posted an hour ago* oh wow I’m early
Game theory but I drink everytime he says epic in the intro
Everyone needs to get a pihole to block ads!
11:19 is that markplier?  lol
The FFXIV game advertised itself as a tower defense game, which I LOVE. The game turned out to be a PVP pay-to-win resource/kingdom conquering game. There are a handful of optional minigames in the menu that give no rewards and are braindead.
I get mobile game ads on pc instead of on mobile, data collection machine broke
"humanity is just the worst to itself" truer words were never spoken   Edit: thxs for the likes
Nice
Thank you thank you you have no clue how long I've been waiting for someone else to say this
honestly, my mom is on like level 4000 and something on garden and home scapes, but she told me that like, last year, so..
🙏😩  🙏😤 Boi Look when you make a theory on this
You guys should do a video on how the game krunker(at least the steam version) has a built in key-bind that pulls up a fake google docs for kids in school.
Chinese themed games always do this. GAWD I DESPISE THESE KINDS OF ADS. what a sh*tty way of thinking.
And who was the one that made Fortnite? 0:19
kinda ironic that an ad spam bot is in the comments rn
Hey plants Vs zombies games are still awsome
At school were doing a project of who do you look up the most and i choose matpat
you know, I actually got a phone virus from one of those kinda games, my phone just kept going black screened without my permission, it didn't stop until I uninstalled
What’s ironic is that mobile game giants such as Ketchapp, and Voodoo (both based in France) have ties to legitimate game studios and media companies. In the case of Ketchapp,  since 2016 (two years after the company’s founding) it has been a subsidiary of Ubisoft. And in the case of Voodoo, while the founders hold a majority stake, the company has a minority stake held by Tencent.  What’s more is that online many people who have developed for Voodoo claim that the contracts are extremely sketchy, and that Voodoo is very stingy with splitting royalties.   All and all, hyper casual game studios are really sketchy...
I just got an add that was in your video
Saw this guy hand off and win a prize
So, long story short, we get those kind of stupid illicit ads only and precisely because we’re f*cking stupid enough to click on them.
time to install an ad blocker
Love the intro
Game: WE SAY NO TOO PAY TO WIN!!! Also game: would you like to pay $19:99 for 2500 gems?!?!?!!?.
Its quite a bummer understandable that Nintendo is really deep down its heels on its statement of removing 3d all stars, 35 and many other tomorrow, altough to be fair 3d all star was just a barebones nostalgia milking cashgrab.
Isn’t the bigger issue here that they sell users information for money?
I just like to report them for false advertising lol especially if they use art from a creator I follow 🙄
GO UK! 🇬🇧 😁 On a serious note though, Chinese companies are mostly animating these fake gameplay ads; Mafia City and State Of Survival amongst others. Do NOT download them, ALWAYS look at WHO makes these games and where the company originates from, just in case you're paying in-game stuff to people who will steal your personal data i.e. bank card details, name, etc.  Do NOT download ANY mobile game or game in general made from China. In fact, do not buy from or invest in ANYTHING in China.
0:32 dani gotta hear this
when you have no theroy ideas
I hate when they do that! It's just like that pull the lever game or whatever where you pull the sticks try to get the guy on trapped or whatever and they advertise it all the time like that and then you go to play it it's a stupid Diamond gem game
Someone made the actually made those games it’s called save the girl and another one that I forgot the name of
I had already played Homescapes and Gardenscapes before so once those ads came out I was disgusted because that's not what the game is like at ALL. At least with Lily's Garden the ad is more "INTRUIGING STORY" That is locked behind a match 3 game play. Summoner's Greed is actually making fun of all of these fake ads in THEIR ads that have real game play.
They don't look like quality experiences in the ads themselves either.
LMAO I saw one of these ads in the video
After all these years, Game theory stock photo guy finally has a voice
I have been thinking this for a while now. It's straight up bait and switch. Also i noticed you used Markiplier for the match photo. That would get a lot of clicks lol.
I had an ad that used Age of Empires game play before the video even started. I've seen it before and hate it with a firey passion.
OwO
Fix the ⚱  Tools: Tape, glue, and an AK-47  Person: Oh this will be easy *picks gun and shoots vace*  Also person: OMG WHY IS THIS GAME SOOOO HARD ITS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!
0:43 Bfdi reference
Me playing a mobile game while watching this vid- Yup.
Plz do book theory next!
You didn’t mention those tower defense adds for like final fantasy mobile
Hit the nail on the head with garden scapes
Can you do a scribblenauts theory please matpat,😉
Was the loser whisper a rick and morty reference?
Yes finally I despise these fake ads
I play Homescapes and i have played about 50 of those minigames so your coworker is a liar
I cannot for the life of me understand how any of these ads actually work but they wouldn't keep spending money on them if they didn't.
What we hate about these ads isn't that they're misleading and outrageous. We hate them because we had to sit through one just to watch this episode.
What about those ads that trick you into clicking it thinking your gonna interact with it and it ends up taking you to the download... those really get me mad
I saw an ad at one point where it was clear they put the voice over of some dude from another ad over the one I was watching because the dude kept saying “Red and Green” teams when the teams on screen were Red and Blue.
No but the people who make fake demos yes
I miss the old ads back long ago where it showed actual gameplay, like PvZ and Angry Birds
I always wondered how this is not false advertising.
I have a feeling this is going to be one of the most popular  videos on this channel
The picture of Markeplier at 11:17 for the Profil. XD
Just saw Rick and Morty season 5 trailer really excited for the next season and also really good video really enjoyed it
It’s sad that Homescapes and gardenscapes started doing that cuz I love those games
Thank you for bringin that out my pain
it's about time
Its a shame youtube is not doing anything about those ads
it's honestly about time someones talking about this issue
YouTube is suptid
YouTube just needs to actually review these ads
I relate to this video more than most others.....
Also unrelated here, but the concept of piracy/emulation being good bad, moral, illegal, etc. In general have the logical problem of being very US/Euro-centric or just 1st world-centrict, im from a right now third world country and over 50-70% can't afford for hobbies or things that are like videogames on a regular basis or thing that require constant income flow, and right now i just find "other means" to get some games, but if i had the income to support devs i would do.
I’m very happy to see you guys consistently on trending
AND ROBLOX IS INFECTED TOO :/
I loved that little nod at the original Rare team by using Kazooie and Layle when discussing evolving creative ideas.
at the time 7:38 matpat is holding a wrench from bendy and the ink machine.
Can we just realize that the castle whatever is a copy paste of fallout shelter with a midevil skin pack
Save da baby
🤺Hero rescue after this video 📈📈📈
Only 0.01% can bear these apps
This video is *3PIC*
Is this video sponsored by Google pixel ?
The intro described south park the stick of truth. Literally
You have to check out kiss of War, those ads are unbelievable jeez.
Me laughing in AdBlock
BRO
I hate ads
I used to play gardenscapes/homescapes and honestly they're fun games but the ads are literally nothing like them
99.99% of people *can't* solve this puzzle! 😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶🧟‍♂️😶😶😶😶
Finally someone addresses this. What is wrong with humans
"-just like how evolution isn't a designed process..."  Creationists: *ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT*
Bro right when I finished watching this I got a fake zombie apocalypse ad. B R U H
Ads then: Control the character to complete the level avoiding epic obstacles! Ads now: CAnT ReACh PiNK CoLOr If yOu COmplETE ThIS LEVEl yoU HaVE 269 IQ poIntS
Make a book theory
i literally got one of those ads during this video
As someone who grew up with age of empires two the mobile game ad I hate the most is the one that had this Eastern European guy talking in broken English over footage of  age of empires two, trying to pass it off as a new mobile game
Finally, something I’ve been wanting to know for a hot minute
Finally someone’s doing something about this.
Most of the time the reviews are 1 stars just complaining about the ads lol
Idk why they can’t just make the game
Thank u for making this video these ads are so annoying
7:05 I was thinking about those things just yesterday XD
Yes I hate it when it happened to me.
FTC is hardly the only governing body. You also have your state government authority which typically deals with bait and switch types of advertising. Especially considering State Attorney Generals are elected and you're a constituent. FTC officials are unelected appointees.
3h
https://youtu.be/yh6DRIATO9c
Wait I know this dosent anything with mobile games but is Greg doing the same thing
The most magical thing about this video is that there are only like one ad in here 😌
The only good games in mobile are gd, cod, pubg and minecraft
For some reason one game concept has two different games that i have seen as ads, but the one with lower quality took the other game's ad and just edited their own ending to it, tbh idc, except for the fact that i see that ad atleast 10 times a day
App Theory
I played Gardenscapes and Homescapes before all this nonsense started. Then seeing those ads, knowing full well how way off they were made me actually stop playing
But always remember; YouTube needs to protect advertisers from you pesky creators and your naughty words.
Ah yes mobile games pure lies one of them is a ripoff of age of empires 1 P. S: not all of them are bad they are a couple good games such as: soul of Eden. The entire kingdom rush games. bad north. stardew valley. armello. Terraria and so on
I was literally just googling mobile ads and false advertising today.
1,000 ads
I've seen ads that take footage from other games as well, one ad showed footage of a game called BeamNG Drive, I new the footage was of that game because I've seen people play BeamNG and the game was nothing like that ad.
Thought, gardenscapes series is cool ;w;
Hi mathew
Clickbait but in games.
The begining is so true
Hi Matpat and theorists! Recently, I have been playing a lot of friday night funkin', but i saw something a bit more lore based in week 6's dialogue before the third song. Do you think you can start a new series or at least a video explaining the lore in this game, because I feel like there is some type of story. Thank you!
Everyone google youtube vanced, and get it
7:00 to 7:10  Dan, I'm 20 and I remember what those were. Quit calling yourself old cause you're gonna make ME FEEL OLD! Or, that I had a garbage, unrestricted childhood, which isn't the case, as my dad checked every internet video we would watch together since I was 7.
Banished is such a good game
On god if I see this “very hot” guy one more time I WILL FREAK THE F*** OUT AND PUNCH MY COMPUTER. STOP IT.
I feel like most of these games are bitcoin mining apps
Some games steal fan made music videos made in other games. There is 1 game that's advert is a music sync video someone made in line rider.
Rocket league theory??
It’s really good that someone has actually spoken out loud about these adds but now the next problem are these adds that have kids games like among us but there really inappropriate. CLICKBAIT
Finally someone puts a video about these ads...
I guess the only question I have after watching this is why can’t the studios whose game footage is being used to misrepresent the mobile games sue the mobile games companies for use of their copyrighted materials?
6:08 tldr mobile game adds carpet bomb different ideas until they work
I was really hoping for a Little Nightmares II theory
Woooow matpat really is a full on lib.
7:08 yes i do remeber that
Remember when Gardenscrapes was decent a few years ago and was a scavenger hunt?
Yeeeah this is why I just play mahjong
It is really true but there are some more good games and as a mobile player I can say I Int spending my money for some stupid game on steam
Hey now... I play Hero Wars, which was advertised with these "pull the key ads" and they do have them. Yes, it is a part of the "build a team of warriors to fight the bad guys" then manage resources to strengthen the team. And they have several different types of games (not those simple candy games) to play, adding more to grow the world. And, yes, it can be played without paying (it just takes forever). I had to search for the games like in the ads and found out it was actually a part of the story telling game I didn't play.
Ive seen so much ads stealing videos from Mario maker 2 and then downloading the game its a terrible puzzle game
Yeah and it’s very annoying
Matpat, stay safe frm Twitter
I once had an ad like this  30 seconds long, unskippable as it was a reward ad for a different game, so i left my phone on the table to get a drink  When i come back, without anyone or anything touching the screen   It automatically opened the play store. That seemed a little scummy to me, and when i saw it next i watched it, and the point it opens it where you should be tapping the screen for the "interactive demo" is where the download button is  This app takes you to the play store timed so you tap download without realizing it till it was downloading. Thats GOTTA be illegal
Finally someone tackled this. Thank you Matpat.
The most annoying ads are the fake playable ads  I think let me test this game to see what it’s like then boom straight to the AppStore
Every time I come across one of these I always one star it and say "false advertising."  Did that just the other day and and they had a bit response of "what didn't you like about the game?"  Even though I said exactly what.
Anyone else get the loser joke?
Those ads make me wanna break something
Recently I got an ad for a game that literally stole a clip of red dead 2s poker mini game
levle 100 mafia boss
South Park had it right... The Ads are evolving.
Around the same level. I've had about 50 of those mini games.
But ads don't actually exist to make you pay money immediately, or even download immediately, their purpose is to make you realize the product exists at all, so when you seek out something to fill a phone game niche, you pick it instead of another app. So basically it doesn't matter that you realize the ads were fake after downloading the game, the ad has already worked.
Fun fact about those simple logic puzzles. Actually there never were those segments untill some officials checked on this game, asking questions about ads. Developers added those puzzles in a few hours into the game, and explained that those are just rare, but it always has been there
commenting before i watch this: it’s illegal coz it’s false advertising
11:17 that’s my name Oliver Sherwood wtf that’s not my face but that’s my full name
Oh I'm going to enjoy this
im glad someones finally talking about this
it should be illegal how bad the ads for those apps are
People now adays they just want a quick buck with cheap stupid games I’m glad Xbox and older games are better
You know what's worse? When there is not only 1 but 2 or more ads in one video. AND it's the same ad twice.
Misleading ads for a product (including games) are illegal, at least in Norway. Dunno about the US though... Pinishable by heavy fines and/or jailtime. I would think stealing elements from another game trailer or gameplay itself would also be illegal. As for those annotations I would turn those off. I hate any popup in my videos. Edit: Okay, so I wrote most of this before the video was finished. I feel it still applies though. ;-)
2:37   My mom: amateur.....
AD THEORY
Matpat I sorry for be annoying but you missed spelled ad and  instead you spelled add in the description
Bruh most of the Ads just make the finger do mistakes
1:12 I agree with the editor’s note
Who else thinks the intro kinda sounded like a teen titans go episode?
🌚🌚🌝 Game: “spot the difference” User in the ad: “This is impossible!!”
The only mobile games I play are pvz games because I like pvz.
Those annoying puzzle ads should be illegal
Always love your industry analysis videos, great job Matt!
FINALLY a video addressing those game-ads that show "puzzles only 0.001% of people can do correctly" , and then people fall for it AND ITS JUST GLORIFIED CANDY-CRUSH GOD i hate them, because i could be watching a video on my moderately slow wifi, and then one of those plays, and then ALL MY QUED VIDEO IS GONE. its NOT enraging less than .01% of the time.
FINALLY, FINALLY HE ASKED THE DAMN QUESTION!!! AAAAAAH
“Romance them to have an experience that is best described in one word, EPIC, EPIC, EPIC.”  That’s three words Mat
No wonder people are not hitting the subscribe button it at the rate down
Only 99% of people can solve this game’s puzzle-  the game- move the bus into the empty parking space  ______ 🚗 ______ 🚗 ______                🚗 ______
I just wanna know why I keep getting bizarre and grotesque ads for a beauty parlor game when absolutely none of my search history said I’d be interested in that. If anything I should be getting more ads for RAID.
we didnt need this to know its illegal its false advertising
I got an add for one of the games you showed in this video. R.I.P
965!!! UNIMPRESSIVE. MY MOMS ON LEVEL 3,000    No joke she’s obsessed
Can we just mention the paypal scam ads
Mobile games are atrocious. I'm glad you made this.
I was wondering why I'd not seen any of those adds in a while.. Whoo. Go the UK 😂
Oh my god this so hard ad put here
Thx to God to explain this add
Good thing too. If the FTC were to take action, maybe video thumbnails would be next.
epic
THOSE ADS INFURIATE ME!!!! Thank you for saying what we all been thinking!
Me watching a garbage ad: https://youtu.be/UlmtKmI3TaE
See that intro "EPIC"
Ads be like Crook lvl 1 sees gang leader caging a  girl ----------> Save the girl ----------> Or help pay off cops who conveniently just walked in
Make the internet great again
Imagine if this video was sponsored by a mobile game ad...
You should be able to report ads of all kinds just like you can do with videos.  You can't have misleading, pirated or downright sexual ads, especially on familly-friendly videos meant for a young and probably weak or inexperienced demographics.  I for one feel pretty imune against these ads or bots, because I surf so much on the internet. But I care more for those who don't do it so often, or are new to it.
7:37 is that the wrench from bendy?
99% of people can’t solve this puzzle  🔴⚫️🔵⚪️🟣 🟥⬛️⬜️🟦🟪
OMG TY I have complained to Google Play so much about this and they have done nothing!  Thank you for doing a video on this!  I've just started leaving one star reviews and saying that the ad didn't match the game play.
If you can solve this puzzle, you're legally skilled and may be entitled to financial compensation.
Once I downloaded a game about battle plans,  The actual game was 100 times better than the ad,  They had nice animation but used stickmen in their ads I was and still am confused, like why, just why
Nice source for new actual PC games as well.
I keep getting one where it's the knight in the tower with the number above him and he has to take on the monsters in the other tower.
Okay so these ads won't go away but what about copyright? If some of those lazy ads are using another game's gameplay why can't they just report it for infringing copyright?
So if we all reported these they would finally disappear
Or you have YouTube Premium to straight up AVOID ads
100% of people lve this puzzle the puzzle: __________________________                 >                        __________________________                                                     - >      HI -
They slip those little "minigames" in there so they can't legally be hit with false advertising
I'm so happy SOMEBODY I'm subscribed to is talking about this.
my question is whats stopping copyright from going into this and just going off on all the ads - for the ads that just take from other existing stuff like trailers and stuff
Sure, that covers the misleading part, but what about the outright theft of another's work? The Dragon Awaken/Project: Awakening clip, how are they getting away with it?
There is one add that this video didn’t cover on the 2020-2021 bingo board,      *writing is not easy, but grammarly can help. This sentence is grammatically correct, but it’s wordy and hard to read*
I used to get tons of ads for a mobile ad that used "Age of Empires" game footage; hated it every time I saw it.
Hey Mattie the Mc pattie could you do the Wilbur soot ARG? I found red herrings video on it quite informative but it’s still a incredible ARG Please  (Day 1 of trying to get mat pat to do the ARG)
Yes
Wait how long ago did they change the intro
Remember folks, if ya use opera gx's adblock, you won't have to see these ads.
Appreciation comment for Dan and the rest of the crew. Edit: Hi Alyssa aka HYPE WWWWIIIIIIIIIIIFFFEEEEE Edit 2: Dan, you aren't old
This was less of a Theory and more of an infomercial.
8:41 Me and my 87 mobile games are going to have a chat.
True
Anyone else notice that the fake adds look actually fun with some games like Mafia City? A cool mobile gta with a ton of content with mafia elements? It sounds great! Nope, City building.
So what about the companies from which footages is stolen? Can't they sue the advertisers or even force Youtube to take those guys down?  I once send a video to Sega, showing an advert for "generic WW2-Z game" just being unedited part of the CoH2 tutorial mission, just plastering the mobile game name over at the end. Sadly never got any info, what Sega made of it.
I legit downloaded gardenscape because of the ad, and was very annoyed when I played it. Immediately 1 star reviewed it and commented it. The review was then removed without reason
Partially unrelated but clash of clans/brawl stars ads are really freakin good ad-wise. They’re the only ads that are so good people willingly watch them because they’re so good
So many robux scams, poor kids
Lederery i just got gardenskapers add wile watching this
Who els got an ad for one of the games he was talking about while watching the video XD
You won't last 5 minutes playing this game
Oh shoot cybert edits Matpat? No wonder they seemed similar cool
why don't all of the false advertising companies that are taking people's money just stop for a while so we can get rid of these idiots in the mobile add area
thats me falling for the evony ad
I get them on MY GODDAMN CHROMEBOOK
I wonder why beeds revive you in minecraft.
I live in the UK and the Home/Garden scapes fake ads havent stopped, still get them regularily
God, i miss annotations.. :(
False advertising is illegal right? Cause that defines mobile games.
Mat Pat I would not play mobile games but it’s the only thing I have I’m too poor for any video games so I’m stuck with only mobile
My brother downloads a ton of these games because it's annoying when they fail on purpose saying 99.9% of people can't win.
Man, though I'm sitting on Youtube Premium via a family membership and mostly think of it as access to Youtube Music, I forgot how bad Youtube ads are.
Don’t worry MatPat you mislead us every time you say you’re gonna solve fnaf and we don’t through the legal book at you.
I got one of those ads as i clicked on the video
Finnaly someone put in words
Haaaaaa
Epic
Game theory can you make a Friday funkin  theory pls
It's shameful that Markiplier, among other big-name gamers on youtube, endorsed AFK Arena, a game who's owners advertise inexplicably sexual content to children.
There was an ad that stole from a video from a youtuber called level up
1:24 I see those ads on My pc to 😭😔😢
Just get summoners war
3:16 the game called x-hero has done it more than once when I get ads in game from that game it shows jump force gameplay not gameplay from the actual game )games garbage in my opinion) it also shows those ads where the character does nothing and skyrockets in levels
Are "Gotchya" game apps "technically" illegal? No, but "ethically" should they be illegal? *YES!..* 😒
FOR FRICK SAKE FINALLY SOMEONE POPULAR IS ADDRESSING THIS STUPID THING
I've played Gardenscapes for like 4 years now.  Ironically enough, I decided to download it after seeing an ad for the game - where they actually included game footage and not....whatever they're doing now.  On level 8046 now.  I have never ONCE come across these "minigames" that they advertise now.
The saddest thing is I’ve got adds for fnaf but not the normal gameplay it was a fnaf 6 add but it was a sfm animation (probably stolen) and it also had the death cutsean thing where the animatronics will talk to u after you die in game  Btw I AM IN NO WAY SAYING THAT SCOOOT DID THAT it was probably made by some 69 yr old I can’t think why tho  BBtw sorry if you don’t understand what I just said I’m not the best at explaning things through text
If you fall for ads, let's put it lightly, you're naive, to say the least
Epic
2:00 bruh i actually have that game GardenScapes and it's actually way better than the ad and looks very neat but yeah it does have the levels shown in the ads but its not the main game... But i love that game ;--;
5:22 that is literally a reskinned Fallout Shelter.
"Someone actually made that game and it's called Hero Rescue." Me: Oh! I always thought those puzzles looked fun. "And it's riddled with ads." Me: Dangit!
MatPat is at it again making me feel old 7:03
Another thing about some ads, why do some of them show such awful gameplay? Like a puzzle/question thats so simple doesnt get solved until theyve tried literally anything else and either got a game over or the ad ends  Is there any market reason for that or is it just a common theme?
Another thing about some ads, why do some of them show such awful gameplay? Like a puzzle/question thats so simple doesnt get solved until theyve tried literally anything else and either got a game over or the ad ends  Is there any market reason for that or is it just a common theme?
Loved banished spent like 50+ hours
That Intro Was ¡EPIC!
Game theory isn't game theory if it isn't...EPIC
actually the main theme of my ads are “marriage!!!!!” “motherhood!!!!!!!” “BUSINESS!!!!!!!!”...I dont think I’m old enough for any of that...
EVERYONE DOWNLOAD THE VIDEO BEFORE IT GETS TAKEN DOWN
another lesser known game that gets stolen all the time is "Beam.NG Drive" which is a really fun and extremely realistic car crashing simulator for PC but mobile game ads steal their footage all the time
I'm a power player but I'm at this point amune to there adds
The only good mobile game I know is Clash of Clans
On the topic of theory’s, a Valorant theory? It is going up in popularity, hhhhmmmmmm??
Who else got one of the puzzle ads while watching this video?
All these game are a disease, it’s not just the ads, it’s the games themselves that are so awful
Theory idea what is the propulsion j Gel in portal 2 made out of because the say they don't know
who else downloaded heroe rescue?
all the dislikes are from those game companis
This reminds me when I was playing a mobile game and I got an ad for this stick figure type game, and in the ad I see stick figure animations made by other people. And I don't know if this is my memory f****** with me but I can remember seeing multiple different styles of stick figures and multiple different animations, but I honestly can't remember. All I remember is seeing different popular stick figure animations, In Those ads for a product that's honestly kind of crash. PS I'm not the best writer for so sorry for my broken grammar.
Oh hey I got mobile legend ads after the vid lol XD
I have to say, in homescapes, the mini games have increased in frequency after complaints like this. Now they pop up about every 20 levels or so. There are useful because they give extra gold but also count as a completed level for the story section.
Omg I hate these I always see them on Facebook and Other Games
Love Nikki is literally the only mobile game I’ve seen advertise themselves correctly.
The fazbare fights the cliffs came out and the end story is leteraly spoiling the fanaf sequerity breach
Or you can play save the girl 👧
Trying to get matpat to continue debunking the dex starting with pidgeot  Day 1
Is it theoretical to file a class action lawsuit for misleading information? I know a guy won one from Red Bull on they do not give you wings 😂
Thank you I hate how every ad if a mobile game is fake it just does that puzzel thing just why no one would want to get it due to thinking oh it’s fake and the same as everything or think it is the same as everything else just why I’m always annoyed by those it is misleading it’s fake why make it when it’s not showing the gane
Honestly, the intro is the most correct thing I’ve ever seen.
My takeaway: put a watermark in your indie game trailer.
Great video. Thank you. I feel like I learned something.
good thing i have yt premium
0:00 0:31 The ads you can’t skip:
I don't think my singing monsters is illegal.
Ngl project awakening looks like a monster Hunter clone, which is funny give that they collabed with Capcom for a monster Hunter event in Dragalia lost
Finally! MatPat finally covered it!
I spend my whole day playing mobile games and my friends spend their days like this with me and we are all agreed that all we want from an ad is a gameplay and texts that explains the game, they don't need animations, voice actors or what ever they use. ALL WE WANT IS A GAMEPLAY AND A TEXT! If they really think about us (the ppl spend most of their time with games) they should stop this. We don't want EPIC graphics too. We want a fun game to play. Where we can be whoever we want or a specific character that we love. If a game isn't fun we don't care It's graphics like Dragon Raja. Genshin Impact was a hit cuz It's gameplay was fun, It had a new and different element system and with/after these It had good graphics. Among Us was a hit cuz It was fun to play with your friends, It had a different concept but similar elements of Werewolf but It felt like we were really in that scene.
I didn’t know this because I don’t listen to the ads
Sticks are epic
Next thing you know we’re going to get a legal theory
Just play brawl star it is way to f2p  friendly and best part is it has no ad and it made by super cell
I swear there was a lawsuit a small while ago... I haven't watched the whole video yet just in case it's been mentioned
MatPat your amazing.
Me: 0:41 ohh look its the game my mom is playin- The voice:Loser
😂🤣😂🤣 I fall for those adds more often then i would like to admit
I just got an ad while watching this video that is for a game called "Best RPG"
"These ads were banned in UK" Me: Happy Brit noises
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
These scam ads are like those roblox obby games that promise robux but then ask your username and password
Well Melissa is at 965 my mother is at level 369,969 at candy crush lol
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
*laughs in youtube premium*
please raid some one in twitch
Laughs in quality content such as Call Of Duty Mobile and Genshin Impact
Why are half of the drawings from Scribblenauts?
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
Side note: when he talked about evolution I freaked out, I just took a test for it in biology today 😂
Now this is a real episode. I hate all these stupid game adds
please raid some one in twitch
I can’t wait for the next video with a mobile game sponsor. I want to see this video subtly linked in the I-card during the sponsor announcements.
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
Day 1 of asking for matpat to try and find lemond demons creator/orgin (for friday night funkin)
please raid some one in twitch
Thanks for covering this matpat. It's bothered me for years so I'm glad to see it called out.
please raid some one in twitch
EPIC
please raid some one in twitch
please raid some one in twitch
I love to torture Austin in those stupid ads.
please raid some one in twitch
Has anyone seen the poker game ad that used rdr2 gameplay?
Ah, annotations. The good old day of youtube when i barely knew emglish and was watching some funny minecraft series
these mobile game ads finna make me act up
please raid some one in twitch
I got an ad for GardenScapes while watching this
I'm wondering, am I the only one who has an ad blocker on mobile? (ik some do but for real?)
I don't get why they don't just make the game theyre advertising tbh
This is why I pretty much play shadowverse for my mobile game.
I haven't seen one of those ads in forever since I got youtube premium, it's a blessing
We should have very few laws and enforce them strictly.
The start of this video is EPIC
Like Raid Shadow Legends. I like watching the ads, kind of funny, but the game sucks. 😎🍻😎
#reportthebots
Yeah mobile adds in YouTube suck, there is this app called brain teaser or something where they legit show THREE LEVELS of women taking off their clothes
Genshin impact on moblie: I’m about to end this mans whole career
Cant wait for lawyer theory.
This is why I subscribed to this channel, i was the 257th thousand sub i still remmember it
The mobile games that have a “premium version” that takes ads off and gives you boosts etc. that usually have a three day trial but then cost some ridiculous amount like $8 a week are DESIGNED to scam people, especially little kids.
the only actually good and kinda wholesome mobile game ive ever played is sky children of the light, its basically like a mobile version of the game journey made by the same devs and you can't even complain about their ads because from what ive seen they haven't ever had any.
I hate mafia ads
Imagine getting a mobile game add before watching this video
If all of these types of games were wiped off the appstore, and game companies actually put effort into their games and ads like in 2008 - 2015, they would make a lot more money than they're making now. The worst part is that after you download one of the bad games, it overloads that game with misleading ads that are advertising more bad games, getting some kids stuck in a loop of constantly buying them. The law needs to do something about this A.S.A.P.
In comparison to these games, RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS!!!! is not so bad. As abnoxious as their ads and spon requirements are, R:SL does deliver on their premise, for the most part.
So, wait. I understand all of this, but in the cases where the ad pulls footage straight from other games, why are the other games not, ya know, going crazy over the blatant copyright/trademark violation?
heres a short answer: yes lol
The intro made me think that I was watching a steve504 video.
And then we have adblock~
I heard Gardenscape's ads got banned for being misleading, so it turns out there is a god Edit: I didnt finish the video when I made this comment, so don't be telling me that xD
PLZ ads i wanted it gib it
Note to self: 7:10
this add are just scam dude
Accurate intro
I hate those ads
I’m here 3 hours btw save the fish and save the girl are pull the key games
Epic Epic Epic Epic...
I wonder when someone will make actual versions of the fake games XD
I’ve seen the title “no body can get to the pink level” and “I’ve tried 3000 times and still can not pass” on like, 90 different company ads
I literally got an ad for a mobile game
THIS IS JUST ANOTHER REASON WHY... I hate capitalism, instead of being truthful in there advertisement... they instead LIE, CHEAT, AND STEAL!
Epstick!!!
Man, gardenscapes used to be a decent game with good ads and pretty alright gameplay. Now it's *this.*
Can you do a theory on a good mobile game like sky children of light or afk arena
I recommend "Pull the Pin".
Heh I actually had played hero rescue because I wanted to try it.... i made it to level 3 and gave up... 7 ads in 3 levels NTY
What about those garbage drone scam ads on Youtube tho...
Wait, wait, wait...these lame, cheap, obnoxious,  boring ads don't even represent the game they're advertising?   But...why?!? If they're going to brazenly lie anyway, why not lie about it being a good game? Do they lack that much imagination?
Epic, epic, epic, Candy crush
My mom had homescapes before it had garbo ads
The scribblenauts characters tho
0:18 That was 3 words
When I clicked on this video I got a an ad from lily's garden
this intro was ..... noice
I open an ad on youtube and the title of it is like 23465417-893421172 Who am I Alex Mason? tf do those numbers mean!?
1:16 Me watching this on mobile: yup
Wait but what about stole IP and Copyright from other games?
Yesterday was my birthday
I remember see a zombie ad that has the gameplay of world war z and surprisingly don't show the same gameplay in that ad
Easy answer: Never play games on mobile
Actiually I enjoy playing Garden Scapes. I've been playing it since 2017 now, back when their ads where actually truthful, and although I despise these misleading ads, I just really like to enjoy the game and seeing how the Garden transforms as I progress with the levels.
Oml you see that
The cold open made me feel attacked lol.
Game theory is so EPIC
Ok go to Dani his games has had this happen to him
I'm a power player but I don't fall for those scams
Do a theory on Blue Fire
Epic dragon and epic kitty!
epic
Just wanna appreciate the scribblenauts characters
Saul goodman
Yo
Finally someone called them out on their bullsh*t.
I played gardenscapes and fishdom and I liked them, but then they both got those mobile game ads and I knew that they were nothing like the actual games, and they just copied everyone else
finally someone bringing this to light, they been false advertising for a few years like that now. i cant count how many games I have downloaded on that mobb boss ad that makes you think you kill gangsters to level up. for real tho google should care more than anyone else, I do not download any games unless I see them played before hand and I know what I'm getting. back before all these false ads I used to download random apps.
I remember when the ads actually show what the game looks like, it was so long ago...
matpat:uploads video me:giggle
0:43 Rick and Morty Jerry reference
I got an ad for "Lily's Garden" in the middle of this video
11:17 is that markiplier
i honestly hate these kinda mobile game ads, there should be a mandate making they advertise actual game play
Since I'm seeing it a lot in here, go on ahead and report a username under the name "Very Hot" if you see it reply in this comment section. It's very clearly a bot. Like, not even close to being legit. For a software that is clearly a virus. Edit: Also Shiko Shiko
Survivors: the Quest did this to me. It only shows the overworld stuff in its ad, but the actual interactions are divided between pixel hunting for items and off-brand Candy Crush matches. Fortunately, I never spent any money on it and still managed to get to the end of the playable content.
Mario Kart Tour appreciation post   Yes it has gacha and I can see how it's upsetting to fans of the console games, but at least it's transparent to its players and doesn't have any misleading ads. On top of the game actually playing well for a mobile racer.
I am a whale, those ads have gotten me, and I specifically have to avoid those matching games because they're addictive to a harmful degree, I hope a case can be made that tricking people into downloading the kind of addictive games they're avoiding is actually harmful, like tricking someone who's trying to quit drinking into buying something they didn't know had alcohol in it
I loved that there were no midrolls in this vid
Ads suck, man. They ruin everything and most of them are complete sh*t.
I seriously CAN'T STAND another goddamn stupid lame dumb \'game" trailer of getting to a treasure or something, I almost download them, just to get rid of them, so they wont show up again
So in other words, we're just gonna have to wait for a REALLY slow day at the FTC's office to get rid of these stupid ads. Great. Personally, I think the best way to get rid of these types of ads is to NOT download the game, and instead mass bomb them with bad reviews and poor ratings, and make it abundantly clear that the shitty ads are why. If the government isn't going to regulate the corporations because they have bigger problems, it's up to the consumer.
The only mobile game’s I play are made by Supercell
Is it ironic that YouTube showed one of those "mobile game ads" in this video?
YES PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD YES
And I do remember the annotations MatPat
Technically if these ads that steal trailers and other images are not paying the people they are stealing from isn’t it illegal according to copyright laws
Remember when people were saying mobile gaming would kill handheld game consoles? I remember a lot of people thought the 3DS would be a flop due to the rise in smartphones and mobile games, but actually, 99% of mobile games are so bad I can't even call them shovelware, while the Switch is becoming one of Nintendo's most successful consoles.
I was confused for a good while thinking isn't this a bit late because they've banned for a good while then I realise you guys are American not British
I feel sad now...
Around the beginning of your video when you're talking about how are these mobile apps legal reminded me of when one time I got a pack venison that said authentic and it was only until when I went home and I noticed on the back of the box AND IN find print it said 2% beef
I remember that Stampy cat Easter hunt that used annotations
Okay, but Lily's Garden does actually have a good storyline.  The commercials have a different-ish storyline though.
LawPat 🐠
What game is at 12:19? I remember playing it but forgot the name.
Seriously not that this matters or anything but every time my mother watches one of your videos with me she always compares you with Steve from Blue's Clues. Anyway thanks 😊
4:00 "Relaxing" actual gameplay: "OH GOD EVERYONE IS DYING OF STARVATION AND PLAGUE"  also when I saw that ad (which I immediately recongized as Banished) I immediately commented on the original video "nice stolen gameplay" and reported it.
Speaking of mobile game ads stealing footage, I saw a low poly car crash game using footage from BeamNG drive. I hate false advertisement.
5:57 i-is that him? The legendary...... MATPAT IN COURT?!
We live in a society where     *BOTTOM TEXT*
I’ve been waiting for someone to explain this for years. THANK YOU
0:38 "Raid shadow legends" logo?  Nice
I found a poker ad but guess what? It showed the poker mini game from Red dead redemption 2. How the hell is it even legal?!?
so they really are illegal, it's just that no one cares to enforce punishment. huh  also, i've seen probably hundreds of these kinds of ads, and i am not a 'power player'. wouldn't it be beneficial to the people making the ads to stop advertising so heavily to me, who has shown time and time again that i don't care? wouldn't it be better on their part to focus on those power players and stop trying to 'convert' people like me?
1:13 Same. Love this guy and his ads lol.
I get those mobile game ads watching youtube on my pc...
So, essentially, it needs to be made illegal to do A/B testing in advertisements in general.  If the public doesn't consent to being tested, they shouldn't be being tested.
FINALLY! someone makes a video on these stupid fake ads i've been waiting for this      edit:jsut finished the vid and I think the U.S.A should follwo their dad (UK) lol
"Two arrows to the link in the description is the best number of arrows to use" Me: Opens description
So glad you are talking about this man. These companies put o much effort in their ads to make it seem like a video game made for PC yet when you actually download the dang app you could barely do anything.
I honestly thought I was the only one who got these ads😅
4:27 Wait is that... the raid shadow legends dude?
Didn't know my cousin was commiting war crimes
I hate when the ad is of something way way way later in the game
I wish he talked about the execution happening tomorrow
I hate these ads so much. I am generally not a very passionate person, I generally go "meh, whatever", but these ads for some reason trigger me. God I'd wish there was some way we could punish those kinds of ads
I am currently on level 1127 of gardenscapes. I have gotten 2 of those minigames. The ads are INFURIATING.
AAAAAAaaaaaaaahyug
1:59 this is like giving a random stranger on the streets a few basketball cards inside of an iphone box
You forgot those game ads that have a little mini games that are fake and when you touch them it takes you to the download for them. Also forgot the games that have the goddam fake X buttons.
I play and played games that I could trust and believe for example minecraft fortnite call of duty mobile clash of clans pixel gun ect ect those that appear here on yt I just dont even bother
Like him or not, He spitting fax
Epic
Matpat : "Humanity is the worst to itself" [insert here] : "First time ?"
I hate that you didn’t tell us what the game new game you can do what ever you want actually is or does like I will download it because of you to see what it does and also know that I think about that would be a great way to get someone to download a app
I was Tallinn about this exactly 12 minutes ago with a friend (without knowing that the video was rekeased)
most youtubers still use annotations
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH I'm so early for this
It's true that you will see The adds saying 95% will lose lol!
See that the year is 2021 and this year it will be Game theory's 10th anniversary? *E P I C*
1:30 I can tell those 2 are games made by Chinese lol
Where can we download this epic game at thr beginning. Its sounds very... Epic.
Flashbacking right now.. "ROBLOX" "ROBLOX!" "ROBLOXXX!!" *Proceeds to go on madness mode and dances*
Thank God I just get book apps and anime lab adds
I’ve seen worst game ads, like literally pointing to adult content, ye that type of content, the world is doomed
Raid shadow legends am I right
I've been caught out by this a few times and it's so annoying. Especially the ones that make you think you'll be able to walk your character around like a real video game and then you realise it's just build a town and wait around. It really shouldn't be allowed.
Sounds legit
i love minecraft and genshin impact for having non misleading ads. though i've never played genshin impact, i've been trying to download it
The ads i see alot on Grindr but the only online game i play is Duel Links
I have been saying  "Thats just a theory though....   ... ... A GAAAAAMMMMEEEE THEEEEEEEORYYY"  for years from just the joke going around. No idea he actually did that until embarrassingly recently.
As someone who is using mobile YouTube right now, it is hell to go through just a 10 second ad.
The puzzles in those ads are so easy a 2nd grader can do but they fail every time
If GERMANY is in the title. All germans click the video and conquer the comments... Or something like that
“When there’s no cops around, anything is legal”  ~Gruncle Stan~
I just got a Lily's garden add. Not mad cause its interesting just ironic.
Very good point
4:00 or do it in Minecraft
So it's the same as thumbnail clickbaiting on youtube, right?
You’re*
Another ad that is a lie "There's hot single moms in your area"
At some point i clicked those adds and installed them solely to give them 1 star reviews and calling them out on using footage from other games and using false advertisements,  im honestly so sick and tierd of mobile ge adds , there is literally only 1 good "original" mobile game , and that is clash of clans , and other games i experienced would be dead cells and minecraft which are not originally mobile and premium games with 0 micro transactions
Lol God Bless America 🇺🇸 🙏
Nobody:         GardenScapes: oNlY 3% cAn SoLvE tHiS
Facebook bad Twitter sad
This is why where’s my water is best mobile game
Dang... sometimes series can get old but The Theorists always manage to make anything entertaining
I want Austin to cover this, he wil show the frustrations we all feel about these mobil apps
[- _-]  ^  /\/\/\ RIP michigun
Finally someone pointed out this cringe ads that pop out of nowhere.
The garden scaps ad used to show the actully game then they changed the ad
OmfG I CanT rEaCh pInK leVEl
Experience an epic world that ais tottally non-epicall-epic-pic of e-epi-picela
Just get a Switch, people.
That's why you always read the reviews
Why isn't anyone talking about his voice crack at 7:14
Seeing that ads that play on YouTube are just as bad as the ones that play on mobile games, makes me glad that I pay for YouTube red
The ads that u must help some one by chosing a thing was not real but the game itself wasent bad it was city builder but was preety good and detailed i dont know why did they do this
Hay guys
Season 5 of Rick and Morty yes
Moms in mobile game ads:    Oh dear. Oh dear, gorgeous  Dads in mobile game ads:    You flippin donkey
What I don't understand. Since Google pay the app developers based on download numbers and ad showing, couldn't Google claim that the devs are misleading consumers with their ads to download the apps and popping up in-app ads, making Google have to pay more than they would if the ads weren't misleading? It wouldn't affect directly the consumers pocketbooks, but that of the platform that hosts the app.
Someone finally addressed it. My god, as someone who spends a lot of time on his phone, i can tell you its such a bad experience that i genuinely feel now to pay to stop seeing this ads
There are games that are essentially gambling and they hook kids into the world of gambling (or at least they risk kids into getting cozy with the idea of gambling without considering the risks...just vile)
Man oh man ive seen minecraft mods and addons ads and friday night funkin minecraft mod ads. They actually use the footage of an orginal game/they use the "fan music/animation" in them.
This is EPIC
Let’s count how many misleading mobile game ads YouTube put on this video
Besides there are some great underrated mobile games out there like Evil Factor for an example
My sister and I say this ALL the time. Glad we were not the only ones to think of this.
Pack your bags bois, we're going to the UK
Who else just deleted half their games on their phone
Do a  Fanf  theory
Because of these shows I associate the colors green with games, red with films and such, and yellow with food
I came across an ad before that was like the new mobile game company they literally showed fish feed and grow and I could tell by the icon that it wasn't what the game was plus it was a gameplay from a youtuber cant remember which and I now it wasn't it because I watched someone play fish feed and grow before
Does anyone else remember "The Super Amazing End-card Tournament"?
These adds where banned in the UK but there still there
I don’t get these ads, I just get really intense truck ads
I wanna go back to when mobile games were funny bad. When they were called  Great Take Car Mobile game fun kids And Strange Rope Hero Spider Human Game Phone
🟥🟧🟨🟩🟦🟪🟫⬛⬜ 🔴🟠🟡🔵🟢🟤🟣⚪⚫ Just solve it
hey matpat on your first minecraft lore video( The Enderman) you said that the ancient buliders were more advanced than us the player then way couldn't they beat the ender dragon and on your lastest minecraft video the fact that builders and villagers were once the same may explain why illigers have cat structers, because they worship cats like the ancient builders.
I just noticed the references to the other channels in the intro,  makes me smile
Okay that intro made me laugh way too hard.
Most of these are Chinese knockoffs, and I guarantee the CCP will do nothing to stop it. Google won't either because CCP
The creators of these games: o((⊙﹏⊙))o.
My mobile games: minecraft, call of duty, fortnite (idk why i still have this) and dragon Mania legends
The only good ads I’ve gotten was for cookie run kingdom, but I already have the game lol  It shows the buildings and cookies you can unlock and sometimes game play
I was waiting for the raid shadow legends sponsorship in this episode......
Theres another ad that stole youtube footage from pungence playing fish feed and grow. The game is called fishgo.io
If you ever feel useless, remember that google made an ad complaint for being misleading
Petition to have the epic ad turned into a real thing
I get why ads exist but with how some of these dumb ads are they need to be stopped.
Plz try to uncover dream smp lore
Don’t be stupid, don’t click the install.
Android users, download an app called Youtube Vanced, google it and it will show up. People on desktop, same thing, just Google it. No more ads, at all, not even sponsorships will show up again. For people on iOS, nothing I know can help you.
12:40 We should probably be prosecuting laws rather than trying to persecute them.
My quesion has been, is it illigal for mobile game ads to make sense?
No sound
Gardenscapes! I love that game!
It would be so simple to be honest, Images and Video may not fitting to gameplay? DON'T SHOW THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE! I seen by now so many Ads where i only could shake my head to. This is why i just simply ignore ads as i just know what i can expect. What they show us in the ads is mostly never the true gameplay.
I got a Lily's Garden ad in the middle of the video. *Ironic.*
Yeah, coin master is pretty annlying
1:12   Y O U  A R E  N O T  A  D I S H !
Banished is a very good game, can confirm.
I remmember playing homescapes before it started that ad scamming problem
I'm pretty sure annotations are still a thing
Honestly matpat ITS NOT JUST A THEORY ITS VERY REAL AND CRINGE AND STUPID!
makes me think of a game called "top war". they say they are trying to add the minigames in the ads, but thats an auto generated response.
last ad i saw was for a quiz ''how sus are you'' the damn thing had among us rule 34 on it lmao
It makes my day when I see a GT video with the intro song.
Finally a really god argument
I downloaded Gardenscapes. I was not pleased.
No joke, had an actual false ad on this video
I haven't thought of Banished in such a long time, time to play it again!
It's sad since home and garden scapes are actually good games. The misleading ads just make me not want to replay them.
Has anyone seen that cursed doll ads where the ads is when a girl doesn’t get a SEAT she gets a pin and pins the doll and what happens to the doll with happen to the person.
i played homescapes before the big ad wave and is actually a pretty good game
I refuse to agree that someone actually saw this stupid game ad, installed the game, play for couple of minutes, paid for in app currency and then realizing "Why did i bought something from this game?" there's just no way. If you actually download a game by watching those misleading ad, you're already stupid :/
Oh yeah allysa my dad is about level 2000
As a game developer, I personally make sure that the ads are all in-game play, with a small amount of editing.
And ads is how I clicked this video
That stick  lol  That got me
5:14 I saw an ad for this game once It was some kind of prison escape ad and NO JOKE, one of the cell mates looked like Peter Griffin from Family Guy, I swear.
The only company I know that doesn’t trick you is stick man something idk I forgot
Yeah...that’s why I don’t trust certain ads.   That includes Raid shadows legends(Which Copies Summoners Wars)
Every time he says “A Game theory” he gets more aggressive
Huh watched this thinking it was only about fake advertisement, finished the video realizing this is much more about thumbnail science .
Matpat is really goated for this I see ads like that all the time
Well I get pregnancy ads and I am under 18 year old male SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
I just feel bad for Alyssa gee wiz
God I miss annotations
*You know that else is illegal posting videos of videogames and steaming videogames for profit, Games that you buy of course* is legal to stream Dota, fortnite or Apex legends but is illegal to stream pub g
Will you make a video on fortnite season 6?
Hey Susan, how about them sexual ads popping up in YouTube nowadays? You know, the ones where characters sexually harass women, stereotype women, sexualize women, etc. Yeah, how tf are you not responding to this?
I've seen these crappy ads ON TV.
I wonder does everyone get the same crappy ad 15 times in a row before something else or does my phone hate me
hey moving berries around so they line up in neat rows and then explode is EPIC
I hate hero wars commercials, i get one 25% of the time
Oh hey, I've been watching alot of one of your editor's certain Fangame series, and I knew exactly who Alyssa is!
Trick for not getting tricked by ads: _never_ get an app because of its ad.
At times you gotta question the players who got tricked too, not just the companies that tricked them.
Who has more subscribers film theorist,  food theorist, game theorist
I honestly don't see how this is a game theory looking at the title or thumbnail alone but mobile ads have been getting out of hand.
i DO REMEMBER!!!!!! 7:03
I clicked and it paused the video, I didnt get the EPIC experience I was promised
Man I love ur vids, and your intro. I'm a big fan, and Hi!
What bothers me so much about these ads is that they’re designed to make you play itself to show them how to do it, and what’s worse is that it works and it just gets me into an infinite loop of inside anger until I go numb
I love how you can hide so many references in 1-3 seconds. for ex: 1:00 Person in the mirror = monika from ddlc eye lighting up = sans from undertale accessories on bottom shelf = mario pokeball behind exotic butters = pokemon spikey thing = (idk) exotic butters + entire scene = fnaf (sister location/fnaf 5)
HOW DID HE FIND A WAY TO COMPARE MOBILE GAMES WITH EVOLUTION. not complaining
Lilly’s garden ads are way too wrong
These are just the worst types of ads. They're annoying, they're crappy looking, they're cringy - seeing them just makes me want to remove the company advertising off the planet. 🙃
I like how his voice becomes as low as meatcanyons when he ends his videos
1:57 YES THIS TRICED ME ONCE NEVER EVER AGAIN
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo smart good talk
Heyy, great vid! Could you maybe do a video about smite lore, you made a vid about smite in 2013 or so, i really loved it btw! Keep up the good work theory team!
Ah yes someone finally really talking about the badad takeover in depth
ok but this guy has a point
I'm glad that you made a video about these mobile ads that doesn't stay true their game, so now I can now insult them about how most of the act like they have low iq for something so simple.  To be honest they are really frustrating when I watch it because they act (not to be harsh) stupid.
ive seen a mobile game ad about a voodoo doll wtheck
Stealing footage is illegal regardless if it harms the viewer of the ad, its still Plagiarism AND Copyrighted material
Yes I always hated those ads except the good once just look at the call of duty mobile it DIDN'T LIE TO THE GAMEPLAY!
The person playing is always irratingly stupid
So it's like game piracy... it's illegal but no one care. Unless you're the hosting a BIG site of it
Garden scapes ad looks like its made straight from satans office
And the Adds I had for THIS VERY VIDEO were War Path....and Mafia Boss....
lilys garden really only has an issue with misleading story elements in their ads more than anything else that aside its a pretty well written game, i was actually surprised when i tried it out
POV: you did not watch the full video because you died at the Rick and Morty reference (loser)
EPIC
I hate mobile adds, I'd much rather just stare at a screen that says "DOWNLOAD NOW" than the garbage they show.
That intro about mobile ads used the word “epic” so much that I don’t even think “epic” is a word anymore...
I knew MatPat Would do this
I saw so many of the rise of kingdoms and I thought this is fake but ill play and its liter horrible and it doesn't even has the option thing
"long enough to get to level 965"  Everyones grandma: "pathetic"
That is an EPIC intro
Finally, Matt covers the topic we've all been waiting for. He is listened to our cries.XD
I hate this new is it legal content you’re posting. When are you gonna start talking about dead children and furry robots?!?😡😡😡😭😭😭😫😫
Ah yes 15 annotations on the screen most of them overlap so I can’t click the x and then the rest of them of them have the x off of the screen so I can’t get them off. It didn’t help that I had an iPhone 6 so it was kinda hard to do it in the first place.
Ok the Lily’s garden ads can be good if you really watch them in order
can you make a theory about ENA?
Wow I didn’t think people were dumb enough to actually play these games.
Oh so that’s why I see ads with thumb nails from YouTube videos, like gametoons’s among us logic series.
Sad that he’s such a smart guy but still believes in something as dumb as evolution.
Thats is why I am sticking with my anime dating sims
Mobile game adds are the bane of my existent
It's too bad that I have to turn on AdBlock to avoid being scammed out of my system memory.
Reminds me of China xD fake
You think Markiplier is gonna be in the fnaf movie, and if so his name will be Oliver Stevens.😱
🤯 2:48
I got a lily's garden ad in the middle of this.
Who remembers game like, jet pack joy ride, vector, subway surfer, angry birds, pixel gun 3d. If anything ads are evolving but backwards
Also China doesn’t have an FTC so it can’t really be affected by the FTC other than getting banned. And if you check all the companies of the mobile games you will see that most of the companies are based out of chia. (I’m saying most because there are actually some good mobile games made by American companies)
I agree 💯
Hey look at what I can do 👉🏾
Did anyone actually understand what he’s talking about?
*Me who just downloaded Milkman Karlson* : Interesting........
There should be a phone game called Matpat ruins your child.hood
Mihoyo and Cygames are pretty much the only companies I’ve found actually trying to push the envelope in mobile games. They don’t just take another iteration, change one minor thing, and slap a new coat of paint on it. It’s an actual new game concept that just happens to run on mobile devices (because that’s where the biggest market is, after all).
The mobile game industry has been a shitshow for like 6 years
epic
I’m confused if home and garden scapes are banned in the uk then y do I keep seeing ads for them when I live in the uk
When you expect to get a cool game but it's just a stupid Candy Crush clone.
I remember that android ad
I think one of the worst instances of these mobile game ads stealing gameplay that I've seen, is rise of Empire. We're in their ad they basically claimed that they are Age of Empires as well as Steel gameplay footage
yes game theory speak the true open the doors of truth
Do a theory about lily garden ads it just so ... You will see if watch the ads
That dogs are stronger then cats best part
I really miss the time when mobile games were actually creative take Jetpack Joyride, Fruit Ninja, Angry Birds for example. Today is basically games with unoriginal ideas and crappy ads even
freaking clickbait
Remember when mobile games were good?
I was going to listen to music and then I got one of those adds lol
What about all YouTube Content creators converging on having buffoon facial expressions on their thumbnails?  “Make $100 🥴”
my dad can one up you. hes level 6,000 on gardenscapes. *he needs to stop*
FINALLY!!!!! Someone smart talking about those annoying ads, THANKSSS ;D!
You are Fat :D
I’m sorry but why in the world aren’t you doing a little nightmares to theory 🔥😡🔥
Homescapes ads How to loot
The intro is 500% better than all mobile ads combined
You know I’ve actually always wondered about this
I've seen so many sexual, fake and so on Ads. I even got a "get rich from home" scam ad on THIS video  This is insane
I have a idea for the last part of the theory circle: music theory
hi
I saw a rip-off Spider-Man game add that on the add it was just gameplay from Spider-Man ps4
I don’t know maybe they can forget
Yo I been wondering about this for a while
Not to mention game ads that play the game HORRIBLY on purpose just to get you to play the game correctly. Smh
After game theory and film theory..  A food theory production:   Law theory
There’s this fall guys ripoff called “Summer Runner” that directly stole a Fall guys ad, and the funny thing is that the ad had the Fall Guys logo plastered all over it.
I constantly see these ads. I feel like more people should download the game just to be able to give it a bad review, report it and delete it. Then either the company will have to change their practices, or the mobile stores will have to take action. Sure, some of these game companies will survive, but if the apple and google play store hits them with fines or banning their game from their stores, they’ll have to change their model of advertising.
965? Offer my mum is at Near level 3K
THANK YOU!!!!! I have been stuck with having to watch these "Hero Wars" ads forever, and it was driving me absolutely crazy.
Ill just say one thing          Bait
Unfortunately There isn't a good AdBlock for mobile.
YES FINALLY, THANK YOU MATPAT!! SOMEONE FINALLY TALKED ABOUT THESE ADS!
I saw this one mobile add the took footage from a Pokemon game, which is actually good. But the mobile game had a name like epic battle monsters or something like that. I didn't download it because I don't like getting scammed.
If people want simple logic games why don’t companies just make those instead of match 3 games with misleading ads?
There are some that I get that let you play the game on the adds while the add is playing but I don’t want to install so I just mess around with the add and after a little bit when you touch the screen it brings to to where you install the game
YEAH! SOMEONE OUGHTA STOP THESE APPS!
I love the ones that like to pretend they were age of empires and don’t expect us to notice the difference. Or the ones that use Pokémon characters but clearly have nothing to do with Nintendo
Ive gotten more than two...
hey, wait, isnt it iligal for them to use footage from someones els game and claim it as being their game that they want you to install?
Did you upgrade your intro?
You know these ads are getting out of hand when people turn said ads into their own games.
There was a game add and it showed hitman gameplay yes the really known game
I am writing this to see if any1 else got this ad before: Kings Lust. So sexual. So annoying. Oh, and I always see these Minecraft extensions app adds that steal content from this animation channel called Blue Monkey.
Nice rick and morty reference in the start
I got one of those ads in this video lol
THATS EPIC
Just got one of those ads while watching this smh :(]
I once saw an ad for total war rome.  It was an ad for a 'strategy game' were you upgrade a base and protect it
ok
WHERE MY FNAF LOVERS HUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH?
the thing we all wanted to know, and hated to deal with because most of us here on YouTube are poor
sue them  ! sue them !!!
New channel law theory
Does anyone watch these ad's for the perks.
gotta be honest I wasn’t expecting this to turn into a biology crash course
I laughed a bit too hard when I heard  "Loser'
Thank you for putting my thought in a video
Here's a tip for you, use airplane mode when your playing a game that throws tons of ads at you, keep in mind you can't get rewards that depend on ads, and you can't play games that require internet connection.
I love the spingtrap plush next to the tv
roblox is illegal!!!!
This video is good but we can all agree that mats best videos are horror videos and Undertale theories
EXACTLY GAME ADS JUST MAKE ADS THAT MAKE YOU WANT TO GET THE GAME, BUT THE GAME DEVELOPERS DONT GIVE THE PLAYER WHAT THEY SAW ON THE AD, JESUS IM SO GLAD YOU MADE THIS VIDEO.
I can't stand the ads for game where it's the lustful king and other freemium games that play of videos that very guilable kids would watch.
Interesting but... That's not a theory, right ? That's a fact. I'm confused.
7:06 just gave me so much whiplash- wow
i hate those adds !
Ok so I get an ad for a game and the gameplay is from another game I love playing (gameplay was from empire total war)
AD NEW BEST GAMME 99 PERCENT LOSE
1:46 that ad played before I started watching this video XD
This video is very epic
( ⓛ ﻌ ⓛ *)
*This video was sponsored by RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS*
me sees the title  me I KNEW IT
10:35 cough gators cough vented masks coug
Hey for the minecraft theory’s, u should do ocean monuments next!
0:43 did anyone else notice that this was a Rick and morty reference 😂
What bothers me more of mobile games is how they classify themself as  Action, Adventure, RPG, but their gameplay is just Bejeweled with animations every time you hit a combo. I DON'T EVEN LIKE BEJEWELED IN THE FIRST PLACE
I feel like its kind of scummy that you can effectively pay to win elections by just having a bigger advertising budget.
I got an add like this for ulala
I hate these mobile ads. I hit cancel and die inside a little. Finally someone talks about it. Gardenscapes are just torture the old man ads.
Some these ads that I see I say the same thing because I know some of my family members that actually have the game and play it.
I actually remember the anitasions am I old
Anyone else remember when Homescapes had ads that actually showed renovations to the home? I remember the slow gradual change they made to their ads over the years
I remember the notations
Protip, most apps can't show you adds if you don't have internet connection
i have to disagree on the point you make at around 1:07 when you say, given that people who download a mobile game arent experiencing negative health effects given that most mobile games use lootboxes and at this point in time its all but proven that lootboxes can cause gambling addiction, i'd say thats a BIG negative health effect
Matpat about to end multiple careers
I miss the days of Flash games...
But can we at least commend Supercell for being the only good mobile game company?
Some of these companies pay an advertisement company and the advertisement company is the one creating the false ad.
mobile games WISH they were as fun as Banished!!!
Wait this wasn't the russian women in my area.
This video/ theory needs way more attention!! Another great video game theorists.
"This is how mafia works" Words to live by
I'm watching thr video and get a AD just like the ones your talking about
Game there’s is the best
oh I render yt annotations and I’m still a minor
dont forget the sweaty screaming man that is in excruciating pain for the game logos
I literally got the ad for the garden game in this video
I miss the times when ads were actually high quality, like Jetpack Joyride, Clash of Clans, and Boom Beach ads back then before the "only 2% can beat this game"
I think the worst thing I've seen for a mobile ad is a "Minecraft" mobile game that was yet another bejeweled clone using a Minecraft animation from here on YouTube (I forget the channel they stole it from)
its sad how the only good phone games are still the ones i used to play in high school 5 years ago
The worst misleading ads are the ones which LITERALL STEAL CLIPS FROM YOUTUBE VIDEOS!  One youtuber I watch (Level UP) makes short Nintendo themed pixle art animations. I've seen these being stolen for random ads multiple times.
Finally, someone sees the things with the inappropriate ads, thank you, *thank you*
When you are going to post a vídeo in The book theorists Channel
Did MatPat just say “Cumbat”?
The only good ads now are candy crush and brawl stars (and any one that isnt mobile games)
As a Mexican i dont personally like this ads
In the 5 seconds I have to watch these adds before I'm allowed to skip them, I always catch one that's straight up impossible to solve if it was an actual game. Like, they did not think this through at all.
" If you complete level 75 you are *LEGALLY SKILLED* "
Also, the amount of ad's in these mobile games is insane to the point where when you find a game you actually enjoy, you might as well pay for the in game ad blocker, where as some games don't give you the option or don't allow you to play the game if you're on a device not connected to the internet
I actually do remember annotations I didn't even know they were removed I just thought people didn't use them as much
It's funny how I got this type of ad during this video
Super cell is the best mobile dev
meanwhile, Mihoyo: hey guess what, we gonna make cutscenes that will be in our games, and use those as ads.  what could be wrong?
Finally
Whats gonna make me stop and look? Nothing i just scroll past ads never got me interested
"Romance them to have an experience that is best described in one word."  *Uses Three*
"Are your mobile games illegal?" Probably, still don't care.
before i watch i just want to say, i'm pretty sure some of them actually steal things from others inorder to promot their games, so if your targeting them, i hope this gets a message out that some apps steal content from people
Don’t worry Mat, I remember Annotations.
Level 60 boss says no to this Video
Me: oh god roblox and discord might be illegal
As soon as I saw the title I thought he was talking about the false advertisement
This video is EPIC
Is the loser in the wind at the end of the ad thing a reference to Rick and Morty where the dad hears that?
I like b better then a
So is nobody gonna talk about how Oliver Stevens is Markiplier
Hi
I was so happy to see the wrench from bendy 😂
😳Only %0.6 can press the like button😳
I hope lol
I don't remember the game being advertised, but it literally ripped some gameplay from God of War, I was livid
People hate matpat because he tells the truth like me coffee is just bean soup
Same... Matpat... Same...
i want that epic stick....oh my god :O
Badads
I like how there were no ads in the video
the scapes games ads straight up changed. They used to be leading and honest
thought he was going to say epic adventure in your pants at the start lmao
One thing that always bothered me about these crappy mobile games (and i think this topic was already covered in another video) is how in the world they get away putting and exact copy of any other game. For example, i've seen many ads straight up taking some elements from World of Warcraft, and puting it into their games, locations, names, login screen, concepts, you name it...heck even an exact copy of the model and animations of Kil'jaeden from Sunwell plateau for those who know it. 1:34 that's the level up sound effect, i know they can't "own" a sound, or a set of movements, but come on...you can't put 3 seconds of a song on youtube bc of copyright, yet they get away creating basically a mobile port for wow or any other games.
The issue is they don't have any real money to sue them for to stop them.
I can't reach pink color 😭😭😭
This didn't answer the question I was hoping it would get to. Those "pull the pin" ads are misleading and shilling for another crappy asset-flip game, but at one point surely they had to be someone's original idea, right? What game could I download that would be the "original" version of those games? I don't want to support Homescapes, but if I did genuinely want to try one of those puzzles, what game can I pick up that is actually supporting a good content creator?
Just watch the ads for Kiss Of War,  you'll see.
The most illegal ads: the ones with fake close signs
Gardenscapes, Homescapes, Mafia City, AFK Arena, Kiss of Love, and that Kingdoms game. The makers of those ads are scum. The ones who watched and approved those ads are scum. And the YouTube employees that watched and approved of adding these ads on the platform knowing the target audience was young children are scum.
is youtube a video sharing monopoly?
One day I will download Mafia Ciry just to see how its like
Just got one of these adds on this video :|
I was literally learning about convergent evolution in class today what a councedince
ok so i got those ads that are from defeat enemy grow tower  and they are trash
You are not epic enough to play this game
Mobile games are the Wild West
I got an ad called " 6ix9ine run" and it was just the guy with the rainbow hair running and picking up blocks. And the background song was just the N-word spammed over and over/
Idk, whenever I see an add like this it genuinely changes my attitude and makes me upset, who would ever want to get anything with annoying adds like this    Kids
The most infuriating ones are the ones that tell you to try, but when you click it takes you to the app store
Just to give the Devil his due, I think the "bad dreams" in Homescapes and other games from the same company are relatively new and aren't terribly frequent. If Alyssa's 965 levels are spread over the past couple years, she probably hasn't seen them much because they just didn't exist for most of her renovation spree.  Not that "Until recently, the ads had _literally_ nothing to do with the gameplay; now it's just _almost_ nothing" really makes it _better,_ but I suppose the creators of decent games making a _token_ effort at redeeming their ads is _nicer_ than the flood of deceptive ads for _crappy_ games that see no shame in shoving an ad break a minute down your throat.
*EPIC*
THANK YOU for doing a video on these. Youtube should do something about ads like those because they're so misleading and low quality, it's why I downloaded YouTube Vanced in the first place, to get away from ads like those since YouTube themselves haven't done anything about it.*  *This is from when I last used the default YouTube quite a few months ago.
Alright, how do we call it. Mobile Theory?, Pocket Theory?, Android Game Theory?!?!
Its not only "grab the loot, puzzle" ads, its generally puzzles or games being failed at by someone intentionelly failing so that you feel smart and download the game
Its not so epik if it doesn't use k for kids
even if you are incapable of just searching on youtube "hollow knight lore" i still feel like i want to give you FIGURATIVE kiss
Petscop has more episodes can you please cover them
Running out of days I see ey
Yo a game theory on my bday? G R O O V E Y!!
I guess it's more about getting people to watch ads within the first minutes until they realize the scam
I can't beat pink level
You should do a theory about the fortnite story line
Imagine if this video was sponsored by Raid Shadow legends
Imagine, an adam sandler movie but the entire internet
Simple awnser: clickbait, sexual stuff, so many ads, and microtransactions, done
Plot twist The reason nobody passes the level is because nobody downloads the game in the first place
I spent 100$+ on Dragon City I may be a Power Player 😬😟
🔴🟠🟡🟢🔵🟣🟤⚫️⚪️ 🟥🟧🟨🟩🟦🟪🟫⬛️⬜️
Should have said Epstick for the stick.
EP-STICK
Feh is cool
Matt, stop being so stingy and pay for youtube premium! We all know you can afford it!
That was a EPIC video!!!!
The worst part of these ads is I've started seeing them on my actual computer, no longer just on mobile
Plot twist: this was just one big ad for all of the ads in this video
So guys we did it
Kill scp 682
7:15 it wasn't just A/B testing. It was   The SUPER AMAZING ENDCARD TOURNAMENT!
Fr I honestly hope matpat goes on a false advertisement crusade. This stuff is getting out of hand
e     p     i     c
Who else hates these ads? They don’t realize that if they keep showing us mobile games other than theirs then we might leave their app  BIG BRAIN TIME BOIS
I want a single good mobile game with a good ad
We can all agree though those ads are annoying as hell.
bbsm I like
It also doesn't help that 90% of all these companies are in China or not in the US making it hard to prosecute them.
I saw one ad for a "fighting game" that wasn't even on the app store and had a link to it, and the ad was gameplay footage from Jump Force.
I remember annotations. They wouldn't work on my kindle because it used f*cking silk... Amazon had a shitty web browser called silk that sucked and didn't react to annotations. I remember using them whenever I got on my grandma's computer, though.
Theirs a game called egg.inc it had a funny ad but it is just a clicking game WTF!
Gardenscapes used to be from a company (Playrix) that made really cool HOGs (hidden object games) about a 16 years ago and it makes me sad af what they've turned into because their HOGs were really fun. *sigh*
The FTC logo looks like a face
The bad and bird example isn't the best one. A better one would have bin that fish and many sea mammels have similar bodyshapes.
That "Loser"  I can see Jerry standing outside the garage ....
Out of all of these I can at least tolerate the Lilly's Garden Ads. The weird story is better than fake key pull game strategy
I feel like this man in school was a boss a presentations
I love the representation of my favorite podcast (reply all)
I only play clash of clans and Crossy road on mobile
Cough, raid shadow legends, Cough
I remember a cool ad about a cool life sim and i was about download it but before that i search it on youtube and bruh it was so shitty , it look like the mafia game
The video I didn’t want but need. Good on Matpat for covering the stupid ads.
Oh boy I wish that they were
South Park been told us
What about games that's show amazing art but the games us all pixelated
But... This does effect people financially. The false advertising is specifically targeted towards possible addicts. That's what a 'whale' is. An addict. And microtransactions can drive people to bankruptcy. They are falsely and directly advertising to the people who are most likely to spend money on their game. If their advertisements were trying to genuinely attract everyone, then like... Sure. Still misleading and bad, but whatever. But the fact that they are targeting the 'whales' specifically with their ads... That IS directly effecting people's finances.
Matt Shea the video.
The intro is so true
Only one percent of people can solve this theory     Oh wait
Ad:1% of people can solve this puzzle!  The puzzle:🦍🐕🐂🐘                       🦍🐕🐂🐘
I love springtrap just opens mouth
He's definitely talking about raid shadow legends.
Hello internet, welcome to EPIC THEORY.
Has anyone accidentally clicked a game ad because of how small the x is. Or the x is fake
Ur like a year late on this subject
That stick was very epic
This actually got me thinking about a game called Top War that I downloaded after being bombarded by their ads. However they’re were pretty misleading, but what makes up for it is that the actual game is arguably better than what they show in the ads. Yes there are in app purchases however the purchases aren’t being falsely shown. But my main point is that what if the ad is misleading but the actual game is a lot better than the ad, what would that imply for the company? Are they in the wrong or the right?
Those other misleading apps are way worse than these fake games. This does excuse the misleading ads imo, but WOW; I had no idea that stuff like match even happened!
DO YOU SEE MY CHANNEL!!!!...not epic
Am I the only one who thinks mobile games are good (brawl stars, clash royale, clash of clans)
I hate mobile game ada Damn them
Guys this is taking a lot of courage to admit…. I was emotionally hurt by gardenscapes
I was able to watch the whole episode with no ads. (on my iPad) Kinda funny, “Oh, it is a video about our ads, let’s make sure that there are no ads in this one. OwO”
that bendy on the intro...i high-fived him
why do these kinds of ads exist ._.
The ad is sus
The only good mobile game that has misleading ads is afk arena. I wish they would show the actual game content instead of the misleading ads.
Explaining false game advertising laws with biology. Makes sense.
You got games on your phone?
99% cant do this 2+100
Game theory is pretty...EPIC
I only got 7 mini games it’s the worst
Literally got an ad for Warpath which has nothing to do with the actual gameplay.
the pre roll ad was a shitty mobile game
Guys if you want a good mobile game then get fancy pants adventure
Conspiracy theory: All mobile games are secretly viruses.
1:12 Of course you do, we all do
only smart people cab solve this: 1+1= 4 or 2 guy in ad: *clicks 4*
Oh ads I remember those...
Game Theory should be ruining my childho... *I SAID WE SAVE YOUR CHILDREN TODAY*
I'm more mad when they make they make the game but steal others peoples work. One zombie survival game used a model from Left for Dead for the Boomer. (also despite that zombie being called the boomer in the game they stole it from they named another zombie the Boomer)
My dude said "Be kind to each other, don't lie."   And that is the advice I will give my great grandchildren.
Game theory bondage?????
4:20, wait, how come dragon awaken hasn't gotten sued or was it not mentioned, they stole a trailer from another game company
I thought this was game theory
All the dislikes are from mobile games with misleading ads.   (but seriously tho, how are people disliking this content)
Yeah this has always bugged me
This video was epic
FINALLY THESE GAME ads CAN STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Film Theory: Are Youtube Ads Legal?! (covering the porn ads [no pun intended])
Yes extremely illegal it makes me want to die
Ad: "CAN YOU SOLV--" Me: "I can make you a better one" *Presses the report ad as irrelevant* *Skips ad entirely and off my back* Me: "I have enough with FEH and Masters"
Some games are actually advertised accurately, I think you do make a good argument though, also big fan Mattpat, you and all the rest keep up the good work, I say hi to Austin, I like his segments. -Darkvision.
That’s happened to me before and it’s so annoying and sadly no it is not illegal for some reason
The only exception I can make for ads like these is Lily’s garden, that girls life is f*cking crazy
I've been wondering about this, good thing matpat made a video on it
Watching this while staying in DC a few blocks from the FTC building is funny.
That army game where its red vs blue on little square rafts that snap together rts looking game ad makes me wish it wasnt fake....
Yeah i feel a bunch of games you could sue nowadays for false advertisement.
My mom loves Homescapes.
AY! I CAUGHT THAT RICK AND MORTY REFERENCE!
How bout Mobile Legends copying League of Legends?
wait new intro?
I got a fake mobile game ad just now
Feels like im losing brain cells by seeing all the "ads" in the video
oh my god. I thought the intro was an actual mobile game ad
As a mobile user, I see this all the ding dang time.
no, epic elsa marry spider man baby poop pink for kids songs nursery rhymes is not illegal     this is a joke that app doesnt exist
Only 0.000000001%  of epic people can complete this puzzle  🛅❎🛗🛅🛗🌀✳️🈯️♻️
Here before the US gov takes this down
I have seen this drifting game ad and all it is gameplay with of forza horizon 3
The worst part of mobile game ads is when the X button is so small you mis-click and it brings you to the AppStore
reminds me of CSR2, worst game ive ever played when it comes to in app purchases, basically cant do anything unless you wanna grind hard for 3-4 weeks all the time
I have left more than 1 one-star review because the adds don't match the game play.
FINALLY Someone that can stop this adds      They are sooo... stupid they don't make sense
I downloaded gardenscapes because of the ads then saw the actual gameplay
oh my, mat finally gonna crack down on this plague
Here's a fnaf therey the fnaf 4 kid 1 after the bite would feel fear nor would have the attention span but also the 8 bit room doesn't match up with the room we play in do what you want with this :)
2:50 I like how my sister is at level 2000 and something in gardenscapes and she never mentioned this type of minigames
MY MAN TALKING ABOUT BANISHED! YES matpat is with us!
JUST MAKE FNAF ITS THE BEST IT GIVES U A LOT OF MONEY FANS LOVE IT IT HAS GOOD THEORIES TOO
The amount of times I download garden scape because of a fake add-
Thank god I'm in the UK
Subscribe to literally beat dark souls
Yesterday I saw 3 completely different ads for the same game. I still have no idea what type if game it is.
I actually kinda want a "key pulling puzzle" game but I want it executed like tents and trees, simplistic with no story and ads are still there but optional for if you want to gain more in-game currency.
yes let’s go
Ok, but why is, say, selling a cigarette, buying something with a fake $20 or sleeping in your own bed a capital offence, but this minor crime not worth doing anything at all? Why is it broken window policing for one and blind eye policing for the other?
Only left brained people liked and subscribed
i love this channel
s
im saying that for so long now! (2:51) the ad is something different than the game and it makes me so angry. I really like the puzzel games but i can't find one because if i get the ad its almost always for an other kind of game so if i get a ad for a real puzzel game i think its for something diferent and don;t download it. am i the only one with this problem?  Edit (13:13) I still have those ads and it's driving me crazy.
south park "the ads evolved".
*david goodenough jingle*
You know, the internet still manages to confuse me, question its existents and everything else. I wonder if one day I will truly understand the random knowledge of the internet.
Ok so im guessing its safe to assume that the ad designers found out through A/B testing that sexual or explicit elements in ads get more of a reaction since 70% of the ads I see have NSFW elements. Still insane how some of these ads will come up on apps that kids undoubtedly use,  like here on YouTube.
I noticed that he is putting google pixel phones for the images and I think it is nice because I have one of those phones. They are really good just like this video😁
please give me a little nightmares video
Mattpats voice makes me get the chills
*I'D BE ABLE TO SOLVE IT IF YOU WOULD ACTUALLY GIVE IT TO ME*
False advertisement
Hi
Those minigames weren't even alway there.   they just slapped two or three of those levels in lately to make their ads "less missleading"
to be fair no matter the app but i really do like homescapes xD the puzzle adds i rly dont like THAT aspect but i DO like the gameplay of the jewel like game with building stuff for it xD
if only people actually made those key-pulling logic games. they look legitimately fun sometimes.
Ya it’s just falls adverp
This is true I saw one ad that was sniping then I download aaaaaand I got one like the clash of clans I thinks?
I saw a mobile game ad use BeamNG Drive in the ad.   I am pretty sure mobile devices can't even handle those kind of games.
The only ads that i don't skip Genshin impact Honkai impact Oh wait they are both made by mihoyo, good job mihoyo.
God I remember annotations
I saw a card game ad that straight up played a Red Dead Redemption 2 cutscene
I want to go to the UK
This cold-open is EPIC
Are We just going to ignore that this is just 13 minutes of ads
but hey thats just a theory a crime theory
This video sponsored by Raid: Shadow Theory!
yeah, I once saw an ad for a game I already owned, and there was only a couple parts of the ad that were actually in the game. it was very very annoying
I honestly looked for the skip add button at the beginning
I play GardenScapes. I enjoy it but the ad was somewhat different than the actual gameplay
TLDW: They target idiots, tricking them into playing the games because they have the attention span of a banana and then forget the ad they saw.
The one intro sounded incredibly like JayzTwoCents
Game theory finally touches this problem.
I actually used to play this game called ''Hustle Castle'' which came up in 5:07 of the video and let me tell you the ad they play is WORSE than the game... not to mention the amount of ads and Pay2win in the game... they even have a mechanic that makes it so when you buy coins in the game you get attacked right after an lose all of them like WTF A PLAYER PAID FOR THAT ( do not download it it's the worst game in the universe field with ads and bots that are always stronger than you are so you have to buy coins and stuff)
Why is every lesson i learn in biology have something in common with a video that i watch the same day? answer me please\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
My mums on like level 3463 and she said she's only had like 4 or 5 of those weird mini game things 😂
The Intro Epic, The Theroy Epic  The math Epic, The Topic Epic The channel Epic
the part where you talk about and show the annotation, gave me so much nostalgia
If this is taken down, I wouldn’t be shocked.
Me who got a ad blocker 🥴
Thanks for this. I never download apps from ads because of well earned paranoia, but the ubiquity of these surprised me. I'm still a little confused why Youtube can't be made to enforce copyright claims against ads like they are against videos, though. These may be false advertising, but the theft of IP should be a fatal mistake.
Most games with ads after every level should be illegal
They've been playing with our feelings for too long
I got an ad like that when opening the video.1: 47
I love how Matt says "Good job for not clicking on clickbait." Just makes my day.
Wow, good to know
That intro sums up every game ad
When I seen that someone finally made a "pull the pin" game. Some still complained about it being fake despite those that did play it confirmed it was the real deal (just doesn't have the copycat/ripoff looks of real know games or fancy looks)
I don’t know why I’m saying this but MatPat MatPat MatPat because he smaaaaart.
"but until the legal action start expect more misleading ads"  so there still hope?
I've seen so many of those puzzle games, and I swear, over half of them say, "IF yOu CAn beAt tHIS youR lEgaly SKillED!" What does that even mean???
Let's make a list of all the genuine games that are just like or close enough to their ads. I'll start with Hashiriya Drifter. It's not quite as polished as the ad shows, but it's still a good looking and playing game.
I’ve been waiting for someone to bring this up
Finally someone understand me \_('-')_/
• 11:11 - This is just one of many tricks Match uses to trick people. They're they worst. Even worse, they bought up all of the  other dating sites and ruined them all. 😠 Good luck if you're still alone, it's too late to find someone online. 😕 • 12:22 - This is why that vast majority of mobile games and apps are filled with negative reviews complaining about being tricked into installing them and the games/apps being useless unless you pay.  (I don't know why Google keeps shadow-banning my comment. I tried neutering it but they keep hitting it. 🤔)
People: yah lets put a person in torture Google play: yah looks fine 4 years olds: what is this monstrositie 0_0
DA BABY????!??!?!!!
This isn't the beach. It's a bathtub.
I miss it when the classic mobile games like subway surfers or candy crush weren't throwing ads constantly to the point where I can't enjoy it
@LegalEagle thoughts on this?
The most embarrassing thing about going through my old social media posts is how much i overused the word "epic" in the early 2010's
“Is anyone old enough to remember that” you’re telling me there’s people that don’t remember annotations? I’m not that old geez
"Is that Charlie’s carriage?"
I once saw a app for 'wallpapers" and got a virus on my old phone
I’m tired of just I cAnT rEaCh PiNk or 99% cAn CoMpLeTe it’s just annoying
Is it me or are they talking about that you VUDU app which I definitely hate and would not like to install so please get it band right now so basically yeah it’s literally just torturing people for no exact reason
Ño
But what about the stealing footage from other games? Shouldn't that fall under copyright infringement or something?
Mattpad should be a teacher and show them his videos watch how many kids get A
If anyone is looking for a decent Zombie-Survival mobile game a lot of these ads steal gameplay from Last Day On Earth is actually pretty good
Idk why but i REALLY want a PvZ theory for some reason
1:19 haha yt vanced goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Love the intro. Also great theory
The name: your mobile game is illegal. The picture: pretty sure it is legal.
THANK GOD YOUR DOING THIS.
Love the Rick and Morty "LOOOSER"
Is evolving just backwards
Pain.
Thank you for making it so that more people stop doing the stupid ad-   GODAMMIT THERE IT IS AGAIN STUPID ADS            (This was pure coincidence btw)
I’m so happy he made a video about this because goddamn, this exact thought about those ads have been on my mind for the longest time
what is an ad? i got addblock plus works fine for me
Annotations aren't that old. ... right?
Me:trying to see witch games are in mat Pat's into  Mat pat:GOTTA GO FASSSSSSST
Lemme hear you say "EPIC!!!!".
those ads stopped for like a few months but they came back
like these mobile games tells you "That's how Mafia works"
I have to say, Gardenscapes does have those little so called "mini games" on the app. But you don't play them all the time.
i think that the next theory is gonna be on bendy, i don't know what makes me think that though *points at wrench*
Every time I get an add= that asks a question with an obvious answer, I feel insulted. I mean, who are you to think that I'm that dumb
Mobile game using age of empires as part of the ad. That one made me sick rise of empires  I think the game was called.
I needed this video
Finally a video explaining these.
Can we talk about the recent adds that feature X-rays where it strips back cloths , you undress women, or you dress women up in reveling clothing :/
CAN We GET A WARFRAME THEORY PLS YOU CAN DO ONE ABOUT HOW THEY WORK OR BETTER YET, ABOUT THE “THE MAN IN THE WALL”
Those adds aren’t very epic
Yes I do remember those on old videos.
I always thought the reason they did stuff like that was to make u mad then u would say alright I’m going to download the app and prove that 95% of people can pass
Can you please let me play some old Mobile games for God's sake?
I feel that
I remember the time where Ads are actually realistic,nowadays it’s cringe and misleading,and I think Mafia City started it all,I still remember the time where Angry bird(old),Jetpack Joyride,etc ads.
Mobile games are just such a mess. Even all these pull the keys ads are copy-paste from other ads when there are tons of different puzzles with the same gameplay they could use, but instead choose the same 2 or 3 everyone else uses. As an avid mobile game player it is infuriating and when I see an ad like it, I make sure to avoid the game
Nobody:   Me: *Vibing to the game theory intro*
0:44 , Did I just see a bfb reference?
i just clicked the video and i can already answer YES or atleast in my mind
I wonder how long until I see the intro as an unironic mobile ad
I find it hilarious how they literally don’t care at all, and just decide to completely rip each other off. The ads have more substance than the actual app themselves
EPIC
wait till matpat finds out about adblocker
This is pretty much why I don’t get any app that YouTube shows. I mean I’ve never even played that one impact game yet and I heard it’s pretty good.
V
I wouldnt mind ads if they werent lies, but until then, youtube vanced stays on my phone and an ad blocker stays on chrome
Alyssa is lucky to have gotten 2 of them because I still haven't seen any of them. If the ad for a game pops up that I play and it's false, my review is 1 star and points out how the ad is not going to contain the ad content. These ads are bait and switch.
While watching this video I got a misleading ad for “rise of kingdom’s” like bruh.
That intro was 100%accurate
10:13 well, it does kill a lot of braincells, so it is unhealthy.
Oo a reply-all clip. They do a lot of good stuff
brawl stars is a good mobile game tho
The funny thing is that I got one of those dumb ads at the start of the vid lol
I absolutely hate when the ads make the game look fun and then the game is like any other clone and its like.........but muh gameplay....
Algorithm
Lmao I actually have Banished and that gameplay gave me flashbacks to my entire town dying
i think advertisers fit the bill for “evil geniuses”
MatPat: "How are these mobile game ads even legal." Me: "It's because when you reach level 2 you're legally pumpkin, duh!"
only 3% of people can beat this SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT!
I think the main killer for these game ads is going to be disinteresting a lot of players (I don't think that's a word, but it's what I came up with to get my idea across). I'm sure a lot of players who would legitimately enjoy their real games see the ads and decide against playing, since it appears as something uninteresting to them.
Banished <3
#Thank You, Mr. Pat? I wanted to say thank you, again for the info you bring all of us (the commenters/other people). Truthfully, I'm new to all of your channels, so thanks again & again. Without You, where would we get the info that....Einstein....wanted....? (#confused) (#dont know) Um, Anyways, have A Wonderful Day For Today, & See Ya In The Next One (Everyone Else, Have A Great/Wonderful Day, Too)-(don't worry, I dislike having myself forget about anyone; meaning, i include everyone) P.S: The Little Detail About Dogs/Cats That You Did Was: Are Dogs REALLY Stronger Than Cats or Not? If There Is A Theory (you don't have to if you don't want to, mabeye do a theory on it...if this goes too far, too short, or messes with your studies, I Fully 100% Understand) (What is this addition, haha; little joke): Plus, (again), (oof), Mabeye, tell Everybody I'd Said Hi.....? (optional) Thanks Again For The Vid, Catch Ya In The Next One, & Everybody/Everyone Have An Amazing Day For Your Yearly...Troubles...?(#never trying to be mean or anything, promise) #Peace-Out 😜✌
🔴🟠🟡🟢🔵🟣⚫️⚪️🟤 🟫⬜️⬛️🟧🟨🟩🟦🟪🟥 Solve it
is that..... is that the normal intro?  good to know its still around occasionally :D
lol there's a subreddit called r/fuckhomescapes
I remember win the super end card ternamint
I was just enjoying a game of Banished when you mentioned THAT ad.. Why do these people still exist?
you know matt patt is the smartest person alive when he can explain the existence of fake mobile game ads
Out of curiosity, how likely is that people like the devs at Banished could sue companies that steal their gameplay footage even if the FTC doesn't?
EPIC
Spelled ad wrong in the description, said add
That was an *EPIC* intro
How about a Metro theory 🤔
"dogs work better than cats"  and i took that personally
I can only imagine how dumb you’d have to be to actually download the app, THEN ACTUALLY spend money on it. The only reason why they keep making these ads is cause they are making money off of these fake games, but if people were smarter and didn’t spend money or download, the companies would go bankrupt.
I downloaded gardenscapes and homescspes, and you are right!
My dog ran away today and I have been looking for hours, you make my day more bearable
Anyone else notice the Rick and Morty references in the opening segment?
I agree with MatPat, why are these games able to be made? These stupid games steal other ads or scenes from other games to look good or something.
Please make a theory on Genshin impact it’s like Zelda breath of the wild and I think it has a lot of lore.
This reminds me of Jimmy explaining the history of ads and how they grew sentient in south park.
The beginning was the most accurate mobile game ad description ever In short: It was *EPIC*
Me when epic moment
The thing is these ads don't work for any with a iq over 3
Oh shoot I’m on mobile. Well guys, pray for me. Imma try to power through this.
God i see way too many of these ads and i think they are very bad. And deserve to be taken down.
We try playing some epic mobile games like the ssb2 it's a masterpiece from a person who speaks Russian
At least someone is finally acknowledging this. Hero Wars ads need to die especially since they're everywhere and they use so many garbage ads.
*_E P I C_*
I’m kinda glad that this was explained because I didn’t understand it either
EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC
The worst thing is that some of those ads really do make me stop and just see what they are about. How will the poor family in the desert survive the tsunami? Let's find out
Wow I was literally was thinking about this exact thing the other day-
Hey has anybody did a theory about sweet home?
POV:there was a mobile game ad when you watched on your phone like me
Ive had ads of people stealing pokemon models and using it in there pixelmon mobile game ads
I missed the day when mobile ads were better than any other pc ad. I recall the old clash of clans ads. Those were high quality.  Also, is there a reason for all those pixel phones?
I almost forgot annotations on yt existed
Ad Theory
The real question, is parappa illegal
I hate mobile game commercials
I alway thought these kids were focused more on kids mainly because I just assumed those types of people who pay large amounts of money would be more aware of these ads. Especially today because we live in a time where YouTube is literally the next best search engine. Whenever I see a game I always look up gameplay to actually see what it’s like because there have been tons of ads with amazing cutscenes but it turns out to be a turn based game. I’m genuinely curious on what kind of people fall for this and pay money and I don’t mean the people who paid $5 to skip ads I want to know who plays these games and spends $100 before realizing they’re being lied to. It can’t be kids because the parents will see a ton of money taken out of their credit card and I find it hard to believe a working adult is dumb enough to fall for it. Maybe I’m giving people too much credit but I just find this whole concept hard to believe.
TLDR: Yes, it's illegal, but the law doesn't care.
LOL I just gotten a fake game ad on a video talking about fake game ads
Matpat: makes a video about how app games are illegal Everyone: nice video the truth has come out Raid Shadow legends: despair
I was thinking this the other day when I saw an ad for a poker mobile game, and the whole ad was literally footage of Red Dead Redemption 2 with Arthur playing poker. How can they get away with that?
Finally, someone who hates these ads as much as I do!
Sometimes those ads looks worst that the actual game
Didn't mafia city like start this whole thing. Their fake ads started popping up and now this is where we have landed. I actually liked their ads bc they were funny.
Seen a mobile game add for a rust clone where they just use rust content as the ad and not the actual game
Ad:Your phone has a virus Me who watches youtube on my PC:*are you sure about that*
Can u make another fullmetal alchemist theory ?
I saw one that stole a monster jam game gameplay, one that stole beamNG.drive gameplay and one that stole Minecraft’s zombie sounds in one of it’s interactive ads, state of survival is what it was.
In my honest opinion the best mobile game is call of duty mobile.
You cant hide the epic of stew from me mat I saw it on the phone I will play it
I just got the most disturbing ad I've ever seen at the start of the video Here it is in detail: A claymation sentient tree is trying to open a pack of gummy worms, who are also sentient. The worms swarm over his hand and climb up his arm, and then he looks into the bag to see a happy land of singing gummy worms. Then a gummy worm crawls into his mouth and the ad ends.
im early
12:45 Hey politicians, just something to consider. Maybe the ignore the problem and it will go away doesn't always work!
oh yeah, and also those ads that lead you to the app store even if you clicked nothing
If 95% can't solve,will it even be playable
I mostly get ads on The Real Cost vape ads. There pretty annoying.
Isn't it illegal to take use footage from other games, and market it as your own, even if that doesn't appear in the actual game itself. This seems like it should go against some sort of copyright, or does it fall under fair use since it only uses so much
I love that their is no adds in this video
Not so epic no cap
did i just see a Rick and Morty reference at :43 ???
Upper Echelon Gamers have made video with similar tones. I don't think we can take down big Chinese corporations but at least we can try to report any add as missleading or just theft.
The giant and rich corporations that make these ads should just take notes from the top selling (mostly gachapon) games like Grand Summoner. All you need is nice anime fanart and a music that bops and then I'm sure a lot of people (me included) would instantly click on those ads.
Short answer: not really but it’s pretty shady
Bro I just saw an add for this game called warpath and I downloaded it for fun but it was  Just a game where you had to make a town and there was like 1000000000 adds in it
Cool
At least PVZ heroes is a good game that didn't need to trick me with false advertising.
But this wasn't a theory, it was an analysis based on facts. This channel is fake advertisment!!!
New fnaf theory
Matpat, please END these ads once and for all.
I'm old enough to remember that "Numa Numa" dancing white guy, let alone annotations. 90s kids for the win!
spot on with the opening
Bro the ads I get they instantly send me to the app store
Empire: Rising Civilizations is a super perpetrator. Trying to be like Age of Empires! Shameful!
This video came out a few hours ago and already has 250 dislikes that are blatantly from these game makers.  They’re butthurt that you called the. Out Mattpat!
Me: looks at my moms make up*  My mom: You want me to teach you how to use makeup?   Me: Shouldn’t this type of misleading advertisement be illegal?
I love how mark was in the match add
Ad: I can't beat level 1!  Lvl 1: a matching game that has a tutorial
Can you do a genshin impact theory
“I’ve tried 3333 times but still can’t beat it😡”
Rule number 634 about Mobile games: if is there is a Hand on the ad, don't Touch,you are going to be send to Download the game
I actually wrote an essay for one of my lit classes a few years back on a version of this topic! We had to analyze other media (of our choice) in certain ways and I chose advertisements+fallacies. I scored very well on that paper, and I'm happy to see MatPat talking about that idea now!
It's like that time one of Lazarbeam's video got stolen for this very purpose.
A game called ark (not ark survival evolved but a weird game thats the same clash of clan clone were your base is a ship) that actusly was sued when they stole footage from a game called dreadnought a f2p game like world of warships but space ships pretty neat check it out but the devs of ark stole random footage from the game from gameplay videos or cinematic footage from trailers and they got sued hard by the devs of dreadnought and thier ads vanished for a while before the ads like mafia city ads popped up a little while before vanishing again most likely the app no longer has the funds to buy ad space anymore
I can't reach red 😭
did I just see a springtrap plushie/plushtrap in the intro
Helllo
I like lily's garden ads. They tell a story, it doesn't have any gameplay, so I don't feel like they're lying to me
Now your just beating a dead topic, that multiple youtubers already talked about
8:38 DaBaby
Would probably help if people showed the "top grossing" list on the app store
Just wanna appreciate that Genshin Impact ads looks exactly the same as the actual gameplay. Kudos to Mihoyo for pulling it off.
Thats why i love brawl stars there is no false ads
Wow good thing I have youtube premium
Mom: 100000 points  Dad: 1 point
8:07 I love those faces
I think that one of the things that the compinanies that make those ads try to enrage the viewer, by making very simple puzzels and showing the person in the ad failing miserably. I know that this one was obvious, but also I have another complain, yesterday I was using a mobile app and an ad appeared showing a total rip-off of the minigame Hexa-gone from Fall Guys but instead of the Fall Guys being the playable caracters it was the Among Us people. The caracter that seemed that the ad player had was red and it had the words "Not sus" written over the player's head, I'm pretty sure that it was meant to be the player's name.The name of the game was Don't fail, or something like that I don't remember it's name, but it's not the first add that I've seen using the Among Us people. Also, also MatPat talked about misleading ads, I don't know if this counts, probably not, but I've downloaded mobile apps that showed in the ads smooth gameplay, but it just wound up being a glithy, unplayable and rage inducing mess.
Evolution doesn't make sense like there isn't any evidence
i love Banished btw, its an amazing game, too bad it stopped getting updates
@3:04 why is nothing stopping them well go back to @2:36 because people still play the games and most importantly its making money not costing money in the end, eg greed . As for @5:52 because of number crunchers looking at what worked for others and copying that or using the same ad agency's that made the other ads, its that simple.  As humans when you send the same false information at them over and over and over you need almost no real proof for them to believe.  Soon people start using the false information as a base truth to 'prove' how something else works instead of how it actually works.  Why do these Ads work and have not been removed, simple we (as a group) generally do not care and won't complain, and those that do complain are not viewed as having lost anything of value because we (as a group) generally do not care about the problem they are complaining about. As soon as we(as a group) are complaining or disagreeing then the complaining will force those with the false information to change what they are doing.  But that's just how I see it.
Can we appreciate the memes that matpat puts at the end of the vids
Fun fact: if your game doesn’t need WiFi you can turn on Airplane Mode and say goodbye to all ads
The third channel should be book theory
I know the FTC isn’t likely to step in. What gets me is that Apple & Google Play don’t do anything about these. Guess it’s not worth the time & money to them?
WAIT THERES NO MORE ANOTATIONS?
And the fact that some of those ads are interactive witch means they made a level for a game there not going to make just time loss
These mobile games need to be call out so misleading.
https://youtu.be/ofHhN_Dg7E8
The reason mobile games are illegal is because the ads are so bad  What? Someone had to do it
How to get people to click more? Stick a hot chick with exposed cleavage on the thumbnail. Thats it. Where's my Nobel?
I get ads on my tablets lock screen.     It’s painful
Mattpatt can you plz do a theory on this game???!!!!??? I need to know about the music box......
Me before video: i'm not willing to support or download these Shady games Me after video: still, i'm not willing to support or download any of It.
Before I finish this I'll guess off what I know, a few years ago apple or something made it a requirement to show gameplay in your ad and you usually see it at the end of ads but over time most just started ignoring it, but that's probably what they do, play a different game ad to get you to click before you see the "gameplay" at the end
Whoa now, that one mobile game with the ads about the girls love life are at least interesting to watch lol. Whateverhernameis' garden
Also, the gardenscapes 'game' is somehow recommended by the App store
I haven't added a mobile game to my phone since 2017.
often th ads ther is a little button for inf a in thre,you can report the ads as misleading to goole, apple, adsene, whatever.  It's not much but it give me more joy than downloading the games.
ᶜᵃⁿ ᵃⁿʸᵒⁿᵉ ˢᵉᵉ ᵐʸ ᵗⁱⁿʸ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ??????
Matpat: Are you’re mobile games illegal  Sticky iPad kids: Now, *reality can be whatever I want.*
I’m sick and tired about them ads
That EPIC has the same energy as coffing from the English dub of the pokemon anime :)
1:23 i always get ads of that game and its annoying, i think its called hero wars or something, i don't see that ad of the game but i see that guy in armor in it
remember when YouTube used to have a messaging system
TORAMONLINE ONLINE ONE OF THE BEST OPEN WORLD RPGS OUT THERE
I see an ad  It was just bedwars whit a texure part
Dude I agreed with you I found for that a hundred times
Modern mobile ads just hurt my brain by just watching them.
Banished was amazing, just fyi
The only good games from those Instagram ads were dancing line and rolling sky. 8/10 recommended
95% of people can’t make past the Suez Canal level
It's funny that you bring up Banished. My personal "most egregious mobile game ad" is literally just 30 seconds of unedited Banished gameplay followed by a link to Age of Avalon (I think, it's been awhile). That struck me cause it was the first time I'd seen something like that (also I like Banished). It's gotten much more common in the years since.
Lmao anyone else get twitch ads on this video
Very epik
*E P I C*
Rest in peice bill withers, you will be remembered, -1938-2020 ;( Also Finally someone points this out.
Pixel 4 gang
Lmao i got that mafia style ad for idle heros game while he was talking about ads thag stick.
Only real problem with the episode was shoehorning Evolution nonsense into it. Mutations don't work like that.
I'm waiting for a Little Nightmares theory, foam at the mouth
First I've heard of Project Awaken, but as a Cygames fan, thanks for the ad. Now it's on my radar.
Hey guys.... I need help. I can’t reach the pink color. 😰😭😤😓🤭🤕😔😞😕now I am not legally a pumpkin.
Anybody else not get any ads during this video I don’t have premium 😐
God damn it matpat u made me old even tho I’m 12
The biggest offender of this to me, is Final Fantasy 15 New Empire. The ads are so misleading.
Who actually plays those dumb games. They cant get me to enjoy the ads, let alone the game itself
I got a ad on this video. It was a game whom had stolen a different games gameplay and used it in the ad. Plus the game was almost a exact copy of the game in the ad.
EPIC!!! O_O
I remember when a game stole Lazarbeam footage.
Good video Matt! Only 1 problem, no mobile game will sponsor you...
Yep everything about mobile games and rights make no sence at all.
Epic how to at its finest
This is the biggest (and only) reason I stay away from mobile games in general. Thanks for bringing this up Matpat.
that was one of the most fun and entertaining video I ever watched. + really useful knowledge I love it bravo!!!! thnx you Matpat to bad school doesn't teach you important stuff like that
Lol @tweetman66 Is A Person
I saw this one saying DO THIS PUZZLE AND WIN A AMAZON GIFTCARD
bruh Epic means Epic Fortnite right guys?
While watching a video I got the One of the same ad to put up there
I got a mobile game ad in the middle of this video
Me in the beginning: Did I click a Markiplier video?
@Mattpatt your ads cut you off mid word, please time your mid roll ads better. And don't just blame youtube. Be proactive. I'm about to join that other site you and other content creators made, as a viewer
All right I'm really sick of leaving these comments for nobody to read this is the last time I'm going to say this make a video on why blur is so fast blur from transformers
That ending made me proud of the good old UK, bit sad that nothing else makes me proud of my own country but hey, you take what you can get
11:15 Anyone else notice that the pfp for "Oliver Stevens" is Markiplier??
0:00 mobile games in a nutshell
I'm surprised that he didnt mention all those "play and win money" ads and games. Those are scams. They make you play and even claims the money have been transferred, but no money shows up. And from what I've seen, like 90% of ppl then thinks that Paypal has stolen the money and attack them.  I sadly spent more than 3 months playing money games, believing that I would get some money as it took a long time to be able to redeem the minimum that was like $200. But no money came. I've tried many but most never reached the minimum $ needed to redeem. And those who did, made ppl go through the whole waiting progress but never transfered any money despite claiming so. Sadly they trick ppl like me who needs money and cant work.
I'd like to point out Match.com still has those fake profiles
This is what was going through my head for years
why game theory has Xbox 360 ring with red, green and yellow bruhh
I really wanna play Banished now.
I was wondering when Matt Pat would call out the stupid adds
Am I the only one who plays garden scapes unironically? Like it's a fun game, yes, the ads for it are misleading but the game itself isn't that bad
Hero Rescue. The real deal.
Why does the United States not have this disclaimer when it comes to mobile games? As for the mobile games themselves, I found the Prey Upon the player in two ways. One, it appears that the game doesn't really use up the energy bar as quickly in the beginning, but soon enough you're eating through your energy, and  your  use in-game premium currency in order to refill it, which in some cases doesn't come by too often, unless you wait real time. Second, everything is time-based, meaning you have to pay to speed it up unless you want to spend six hours for the timer to run down naturally, like closing the app and watching a few movies, or TV shows. Almost all my mobile games have this exact problem. You play for a while, and you have to wait a few hours before logging back on. I may be a casual player, but even I think this is ridiculous.
I had always thought of this, so it's cool matpat made a video about it
As I was watching this I got a homescape ad
Another bad offender of using clips from other games in Bob's world. This game, no joke, shows levels 1-1, 1-2 and 1-4 from the original SMB and the gameplay itself is what you'd expect a sh*tty rip-off of Mario to look like. Another thing is the mascot of the game is literally Mario with green clothes and brown overalls and the maker used the models of Peach, Blue Toad and Yoshi with NO CHANGES AT ALL. Just google Bob's world and see for yourself. How some people download this game I will never know.
now its time to make a film theory if 6 second ads on youtube should be banned or not
Matpat... you are now my favorite youtuber
7:23 OH NO!! you did NOT just say that!!! (˃̶͈̀ロ˂̶͈́)੭ꠥ⁾⁾
hey man, ill give you a like for that EPIC intro...
BTW it sucks when the game has a "demo" but it's still just you click, you get taken to the game download page. What's worse is you don't know if the demo is real or not half the time.
Seems like everyone's covering the [enter profanity here] mobile game ads
What’s really sad to me is even Fishdom (aka Fishdom Social) is falling under this lying trap. Which saddens me because I remember playing it back in like 2008 or something as a 4 year old on my moms Facebook account :’( So sad they’ll stoop so low
I’m 12 and I specifically remember them being created when I was three
“Before I complain about mobile games, I’d like to thank my sponsor for today’s video, Raid: Shadow Legends!
I play Lily's Garden, but didn't download it because of the minigame ad.  I actually like the story.
Oh no. The intro forgot food theory
Man I thought this was a new fad vid cuz I’m will waiting fo one
The tiny little “x” that is impossible to click also allows them to get more clicks to game store is SO annoying my god
Just asking, who's silhouette is that in the mirror at 1:00, cause it isn't ennard.
The odd one out has already said this as a scam
You know how hard is to find something to play because of these ads?
So...the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT was all a sham?   MatPat, you _lied_ to me!
“Are your mobile games illegal?”  Me playing Genshin impact: *I hope the hell not*
Do you mean because of the false game play advertised??
Omg someone finally talks about it lol.  Some of these games are stupid, but have a strange satisfying appeal. They're not good, but fulfill that urge.
Sometimes you can't see youtube whennyour pranets watch u because of the stupid ads that use to show girls to make kids click on it
the 4 horsemen of the fake mobile game adpocalypse  "help the ugly girl get ready for her date" "99.7% FAIL" "I can't get past the pink level!" "my mom vs. my dad"
Very detailed. I love it! Keep up the good work.
Oh no, not the stick
No-name aps are one thing, but I was really surprised when a Final Fantasy game turned out to be nothing like the playable ad that inspired me to download it.
Got a lily's garden ad during the video lol
yt videos about viruses are the real creepypasta
Now this was an interesting video. Very fascinating insight.
Epic
This is why I don't play mobile games without research
Seems legit
How about a game theory on Saiko no Sutoka and possibly Yandere Simulator. Overanalyze mental illnesses.
7:03 Yes, I am old enough, thank you very much.
The worst kind of ads are puzzle games that say something like “99% of people can’t beat Level 12!” When the puzzle is obvious.
please do a video on repentance
Matt should have the conspiracy theory for the forth corner and if you say that’s GTlive no that’s a second Chanel for game theory
I remember wanting to get Warpath because the live action ad seemed so cool, then I found out they made Rise of Kingdoms...
Shiko Shiko won't reply on this comment
I always thought that those ADs are illegal
It's not a theory tho it's so actually true
Yes
The opening was *EPIC*
I hate these mobile games for getting all the attention and attracting the ire of most of my friend groups when I wanna just play Honkai, Genshin and Arknights in peace... =3=
My mom plays Homescapes and she’s on level like 3000 something she plays it alot
Mattpat dont act like you are a layer.
Your mobile  gane might be illegal! - gets mobile game ad
Isn’t they footage stealing still copyright infringement?
the games are trash and now there are zombie games
I’m so happy with this THANK YOU
*EPIC*
9:18 the video start
You know with the intelligence of MatPat i also learned about 2 very cool and seemingly unique and fun games that i will be looking out for. So thank you
I tried to skip the ad at the beginning, but it was part of the video
If ads I can lie
truetrue
epic
Finally he did something on this
My dad has been playing Gardenscapes for years now. He started playing before the company even started using those ads, and is past level 2000. A few days ago I walked in on him playing and saw him doing one of those ‘save the people’ levels and was like “Wait, those ads aren’t lies?!” And he explained that he gets those mini games every once in a while.  I was very surprised. I realized that they probably only put those in the game to keep using those ads, because there is no point in them existing, they are so random.
Remember when gardenscapes was actually a good game where you were in an attic filled with stuff and you had to find items for customers
Why don't they just make the games they show in the ad that everyone wants to play instead of making something everyone uninstalls immediately
Ads? Is this some peasant joke I'm too rich to understand?
The most offensive thing about these ads is how stupid the player is in the videos
Ahh, adblock. Glorious adblock. I've never seen a single one of these before watching this video about them.
I don't get why games like AFK Arena make clickbait ads when their game is really high quality to begin with
"Ruining your childhood since 2011"  Best Line Ever
Great, now I spent my furniture savings on a pig in boots.
Another problem, the way apps barely give you options to more diamonds or tickets.(interactive games)
2010 in a nutshell 0:01
I saw that Overwatch reference 😂
The mobile games that have sponsored him: 😥
Wow a dmca is more important than a rip off ad what has this world come to
I was in school and listening to game theory’s fnaf playlist and then i got a notification for this video and i was like “ yep, mat’s watching me”
Puzzles and Survival... god i hate that game with the furious passion of collapsing star.
Where is the x on that mobile ad on my YouTube video?
but hopefully most of these apps have about 3 or 2 rank in Googleplay which probably make user to avoid downloading it.  But really it's better to read thd comments then download it always helps
Fourth channel - USA constitution theory
FINALLY a video on this 🥸
Thanks for addressing these ads I don’t like my documentary’s and music tracks being interrupted by 5 IQ ads
Your the epic one mat
Epic video matpat
Do I even have to say I got a mobile ad on this video?
Mobile games stink in my opinion anyway
Never mind. 8:54 Has made me DECIDE TO DELETE A MAJONG GAME OF THIS TYPE AND I'LL INSTALL RAID SHADOW LEGENDS. At least they don't lie about the game context design and content.
Do one on food theory about food commercials
Long story short: It’s not.
I'm done seeing all those fake ads, I remember when games were actually good and not some game where puzzles repeat ever 5 levels and gets ad every level
Oh my goodness, I have gotten literal thousands of these types of ads, and every single time I always question how they're legal, finally someone is discussing it.
The epic EPICsode I have been epically waiting on. Epic
Speaking of ads. The amount of sexual ads I’ve seen on YouTube that break their own guidelines. Hilarious.
0:43  *Jerry intensifies*
And I love cats but you can just say that you're heart doesn't fell enough energy waves for it
i don't even remember getting past level 20 in Homescapes. It was ridiculously hard. I sue
scribble naughts is anything but a mobile game :)
I am unsubscribing because you hate cats everybody hats cats why 😡 like I hate
EPIC
*angry birds sweating in the background*
You in the US and UK  are lucky. We in germany get this stupid ads with wrong german captions.... -_-
Ok I will play my plants vs. zombies on the xbox
I finally made the switch to YouTube Premium a few weeks ago. I am pleased that I no longer have those stupid ads, BUT I can listen to videos with the screen off.
The person playing the game have a brain of the size of a fragment of a germ on the ad
I wonder if these game are even popular or anything ? I mean mobile game I have played is FGO , Honkai , Azur Lane and Genshin.
loser
I actually got Homescapes without seeing their ads and I really like it!
As I'm watching this I get a bunch of those ads lol
"loser"  -teardrop's  mind bfb episode 1
The only « misleading » ads that I tolerate are Supercell ads ! I really like the quality of the animations and the personnality they give to their characters
What about “interactive” ads that bait you into clicking the ad
it's hilarious how devolved advertising on the internet has gone, it's just sad
Dammit, I play that garden game...it is never ending but thankfully I haven't spent any micro transactions..
he protecc he attacc but most importantly... HE EPICCCC      (also like my whole family plays homescapes and most of em are at 2000+ levels and they've gotten the mini games averagely five times  smh mobile game companies)
This video is epic
3:58 I Agree entirley, Banished is fun. Sort of Sim city medievil style.  Very relaxing
I like how the clickbait from the ad gets absorbed into the thumbnail
REVENGE ON THE MOBILE ADS!!!
You guys wont believe what add I got when I open the video...
Ban almost every mobile game If the game is made by a big company like Nintendo and Capcom then keep it.
The reason why they don't stop it is cuz there isnt enough people screaming about because they just pretend they aren't doing anything until they get caught, give a business an inch and they take a mile.
I dare anyone who sees this comment to download every game that was mentioned in this video,good luck.😇
Uhm 7:01 yes i remeber those times and those were so annyoing
I play lily's garden for about a year and what bugs me is that the ads I see make it looks she's married and pregnant to the neighbor that she meets in the game then, the ad shows lightning striking a cruise ship and now she's not pregnant and stranded on a deserted island.
mi mom is beter at home scape XD
Ive seen way to many “Download Fall Guys the mobile game” on YouTube. It’s such a scam.
Finally, someone's addressing the issue of these obnoxious game ads and obviously fake footage.
The only entities that can fix this are Apple and Google since they are the ones running the ad services and the app stores.... but they are also profiting from this model since the shady devs pay for the ads directly to Apple and Google, and if the user installs the app and buys anything - well Apple and Google take a 30% cut of that too.  In other words, until the duopoly they have over ads and apps is broken up we'll have to endure the ScamScapes...
6:34 Blatantly untrue. This isn't convergent. These trends work the same way as all trends. Copying.
In a nutshell: we are doomed with this fake ads
I know false advertising is an issue with these kind of games but the developers are publishing content on platforms, such as the  Google Play Store or the Apple App Store, that allow for this kind of activity. I am not blaming the companies with these digital storefronts but rather the fact that there could be company policies written to deter false advertising on the platform. It is not much but it could be a start.
Ik this is a diff subject but did anyone ever play Mafia City?, sadly I lost 300 dollars worth of troops due to another person who spends that money in 2 seconds. The game is a P2W , I seen people spent 2 grand and lost their troops in 5 seconds lmao. Its literally that bad
I think Genshin Impact is the only game that actually advertises what's  in the game.
I love how to make this video big enough he had to go on a whole rant of convergent evolution  When it really could have just been that they were copying each other ......................................... But that's just a theory A highly probable one Supported by facts in the actual video. ........ Nice
Actually, I have seen many mobile games that use videos from Banished.  By the way, Banished is a Steam hidden gem. Too bad that other shittier games use it to gain money like this.
This is why I don't own a smartphone.
1:12 Ayyyyy Dr. Squatch shoutout
When Pokémon Go and Pokkén tournament were first launched, I often saw Apps ads that cut the trailers of these two games together. I thought it was the most shameless Apps ad.
The even crazier things is that the Homescapes and Gardenscapes games use to have honest ads and it was those ads that made me want the games and it wasn’t until right after I got the games that it started give me the fake ads.
Yes they are. I am done with those stupid Capcut ads.
Rise of kingdoms: craft and build a great empire build canals  Really dragging buildings
I actually appreciated the annotations
*fINALLY SOMEONE MENTIONED IT.*
yep that intro sounds about right
I love banished, its a great game
Thank you for making these sorts of videos that educate people on what's actually going on. Never have, and never will install any such games, but now I also know WHY I shouldn't.  :  )
I viewed the anotations when i was a kid T-T
I have actualy played garden and home scapes (before they bad adverts) and they are actualy good games
Also why is kick the buddy a thing, it teaches kids to tourture a person. Am I the only person that thinks this is bad
1:40  Me at seeing it: Oh hey!!! That's my country's flag :D  Me remembering the topic of the video: Ahmm, should I be proud?
Man I miss annotations. I used them a lot in my old videos.
Finally someone talked about it!!!
0:18 Was half-expecting another word but ok
fake ads just make developers rich, so I don't buy unless it's good in the ACTUAL TRAILER!
The adds on the internet were it shows the person playing being purposefully bad at the game is probably just another marketing tactic. It gets people to think that they could do better, so they will download the game to prove they can do it better.
But what about all the copyright infringement? When they straight up steal footage
Dani be like:    Wow, that was really cool
me in biology class today: learns about convergent evolution   game theory: convergent evolution
I love this dude's voice. So enthusiastic about his work...
I feel like i could say something funny and get like 1k  likes but i just gave up
ONLY 240 IQ PEOPLE CAN SOLVE PUZZLE SUCH AS THIS ONE.
Top left makes sense considering that's how we read, although it's still a bit surprising.
Yup it’s annoying, I’m loving this theory
Okay, I get this, but what about the rising trend of when you click on an ad, it doesn't take you to the app store, it just downloads the app right away
I got home spaces thinking it was going to be fun
100% can't solve this puzzle   The puzzle: 👶 🔫 👨  you're gun messed up how will you get rid of you're son?
The next theory channel will be purple or blue and called "Liquid Theory" CHANGE MY MIND
Also at 5:20 THAT GAME COPIED FALLOUT SHELTER!!!! SUE THOSE LAZY ASSES TILL THEY BANKRUPT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The dislikes are advertisers
isaac!
Shouldn't there still be a copyright issue with the material directly stolen from other products? Surely business models and the like can do very little to change the fact they took someone else's creative material. Or is this mostly an issue the original publisher needs to bring up, and they might not care enough or be able to act on it?
Uh, zat Looks good
Mace a theri in friday night fankin
These game ads are mad annoying
1:00 holy carp I just realized *now* that’s monika instead of Micheal-
not gonna lie thought you were gonna talk about kingdom of lust and how their ads literally have nudity in them and youtube does nothing
Finally someone pointed out the misleading ads
I remember meme on dis there was ,,what is in game add,,:gigant dragon  what you get ,,that game what you can play on google if you dont have wifi
I’m actually really glad someone’s covering this
There's a game named *zooba* , it's my favourite game right now , I. Didn't installed Because of any add , but now I see , the adds they make , are NOT THE IN GAME ANIMATION , they are special animations made for the adds. But the animations are DISGUSTING!! They would get more installs if they show actual gameplay!!!!
When an ad let’s me play I purposely lose
I never played gardenscapes but I always liked how charming the butler looked. Now that I see him in nothing but those ads, I now wanna rip him in half.
When you never fell for these ads: "Control"
What about those 'games' that say that you can earn money by playing them?
when he said ads like a mobile game add game came up
My mom has gotten to level 2000 something in homescapes. She got the game before they started those stupid ads.
One other shady aspect of mobile games is that for the most part, they aren't rated by the ESRB.
I love your videos and I’ve been watching them since 2014 and they are still awesome.
ay the intro's back
Thanks MatPat, I've been wanting to see someone talk about these ads.  Also, have you considered calling yourself DadPat now that you're a father?
I got a mobile game ad while watching this.
Hey MatPat! Wouldn’t ads that plagiarize gameplay or trailers violate copyright laws? I understand that copyright persecution is in the same situation as the FTC, I was just curious if that was a secondary offense.
I used to play Homescapes before the ads started.
MatPat will never be ballin
“It is not illegal if you don’t get caught” Saul
It’s the new ‘hot singles in your area’
It’s not that it’s attractive to power players, it’s attractive to children and people with diagnosed addiction problems.
what about ads that say that the game will give you money
IVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THIS FOR SO LONG AND ITS ABOUT TIME SOMEONE FOUND THE ANSWER
However, the problem comes when the company tells the person that was showing this misleading ads that they're speaking bad of their games and if no action is taken legal action comes to place
Me: Watching the video  Ads: WANNA SAVE THIS HOT BABE STUCK ON THE LAVA DOWNLOAD NOW
More like a bad slot then a video game.
Not to mention that a lot of mobile games that fall under the hyper casual genre only look for people to download the games and watch as much of their ads... theres no usually low budget spent on them (low risk with a hopefully high ad income... usually due to missleading ads)
Oliver Stevens looks like Markiplier. Must be a coincidence.
One day apple is gonna make some kind of quality control on the App Store and make it so the devs have to put actual, real gameplay.
what should be illegal is the “ONLY .00000001% CAN PASS!!!!!” ads
For the king guy mobile game just play fallout shelter
This is also true for people as well. Anyone who says anything promoting violence, NOT HATE SPEECH, they get away with it. But that's because the people themselves don't own up to their actions and the police/investigators don't know about it unless it's reported.  Please, if you don't like a person, PRAY for them! Don't compare them to someone horrible from history or promote your own violence. Talk it out, understand the other side's position before you pass judgment.
I literally washed myself with dr squatch soap this morning
You know, the old annotations *could* make a comeback. I remember seeing a poll done with two unlisted videos, ranging it based off of views. Maybe this could come back? Idk just an idea.
99.99999 can’t solve!!! the problem: 🍊+🥗= fr__t Sal_d
Finally a video talking about how those mobile game ads I absolutely despise should be illegal
Moment of silence for those oh actually believe the 💀💀
Without watching the video and wasting 14 minutes of my life I know it's about false advertizing and that's all I care about
We all know that at least there’s one mobile game that is good so name yours
"LOSER" 😂😂😂 wasn't expecting that! Makes me miss Rick and Morty even more than I already do!
Homescapes ad: Naughty affairs violent fires and nuclear bomb blasts The actual game:  M A T C H  3
epico
1:23; Matrick, I don't even need mobile to get those ads.
"No negative health outcomes"  my pessimism has gotten clinical at this point
Who got one of these before this video?
EPIC
I don’t have ads because I have premium YouTube
The ads that get clicked on the most are the ads with very small skip or exit buttons xD
Game theory, if you’re having trouble coming up with content, try a theory on Steven universe. There are actual canonical games there as well!
EPIC
CATS AREN'T WORSE THEN DOGS
YT played the fish pull the key ad just before this video. Got to smile at the absurdity.
block man go
I'm glad someone is finally acknowledging this, thanks for speaking up👍
wow who would've known film theorist's viewers watch
I got a final fantasy ad nice
Can you do a review on the mystery game discolored?
Because people don’t have suing money
This happened to Lazarbeam
But is this how mafia works though      God I hated those ads
So in essence, what you are saying is that the people who make these ads are evolving... backwards. Or into each other?
I can't reach pink color 😫 Yes worst possible ads
I really hope they do something about these ads sometime... One day.
Hey dogs are not better than cats they are both great
One hour ago and 5.2k comments Yay theorists
I remember seeing an Ad from "Darkness Rises" (It was tecnically not darkness rises, it was some fake 2d 'rpg' game) Well, it would be kinda cool, IF I WASN'T SEEING THE AD PLAYING DARKNESS RISES
This is why mobile gamers get laughed at...
SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT
I miss youtube annotations ngl
I hate those adds who Agree's
*LooOoOooSerrR*
here's another theory "why are there mobile game as on pc?"
Gosh, I forgot annotations were a thing.
the only mobile game I ever actually played was pixel gun 3D, that game was good fun, yes I am a simple, stupid, little man
please make another hello neighbor theory.
Moms after seeing this intro: you chose death
Lol my big sister also downloaded that Gardenscape thing,  after one day tried that game then she show it to me,   then i said "delete it" 😂
The legend has returned
I assume you meant crimes that don't get PROsecuted, not that don't get PERsecuted
What's funny is I can remember seeing ads for Gardenscapes that featured ACTUAL gameplay footage and it's what got me to download the game, but after awhile I got rid of it because of how annoyingly addictive it was and I couldn't pass certain levels unless I played them like a 100 times. And when I saw those fake ads for the game, I was actually mad to see such ads being presented lol
Wow
“Epic’s” trailer sounds like a Minecraft smp ad.
thats why you use ad blockers
Im so sick of ads that are horribly translated and then a week later they come out with an apology ad
would you say...idk pvz 2 is illigal
What about ads that steal footage from other games? That’s still a violation of the other game’s copyright laws right?
#bringbackthesuperamazingendcardtournament yes i remember annotations if you couldn't tell.
The intro alone describes 90% of the ads
This is why I have trust issues with games
Conclusion: not play mobile games. Did you heard that, Diablo Inmortal?!
Make mass claims against mobile game ads.
My grandmother loves that garden game. She plays it on her tablet all the time
I hope this video stops these fake ad’s
See that YouTube channel Game Theory?  *EPIC*
Petition for mapat to do a sea of thieves theory
I feel like the best mobile games rarely or don’t even have ads
Those freaking Among us ads are so bad. Just play Among us for crying out loud.
11:17 "fake profiles" has a picture of Markiplier. Anyone see a similarity here?
For a second I tough he was sponsored by Raid Shadow legends
@TheGameTheorists   12:43 "PERsecuted" and "PROsecuted" aren't the same thing.
I saw an poker add that used Red dead Redemption poker gameplay as there ad I got so mad I tried to find if it was illegal but yeah ....When I saw this video I don't think we can do anything about it really :/ maybe if we all give all mobile ads 1 star or something
7:23 WHAT!!? travesty HERESY! nothing is stronger that CATS... cleary your study is wrong.
Super Amazing Endcard Tournament!!!! anybody else miss those?
10:41 epic of stew, I miss you, please return society to its former glory
You should do a theory about Minecraft suspicious stew like the question at the end of the Mario video not too long ago where you asked how it comes from a flower there must also be an explanation on how regeneration and RESISTANCE TO FIRE comes from a flower and mushrooms and can fit in a small bowl made of wood
Yes Finally someone talked about these ads
The over usage of match 3 games in the mobile market is over whelming and uncreative.Look at the Angry Birds franchise, it used to be a slingshot puzzle game franchise with a few spin offs outside the genera, and now it is flooded with match 3 games that are just candy crush with a coat of paint.
People straight up stealing gameplay from YouTubers to promote their fake games are infuriating because there's nothing you can do about it.
OMG, I've been waiting for this, it's by far the most frustrating thing ever
Dude I literally saw a mobile game Ad THAT HAD GAME PLAY FROM GTA V
How are people doing smart talk videos and every time they mention evolution theory, u cant be smart and logical and believe in that stupid theory.
With the amount of gambling most gacha games, yes, yes they should be illegal. Now excuse me while I spend $1000 to get Saber instead of watching the video
No one is innocent!!!!!
I blame Mafia City for this s***
theory on Bugsnax when?
This video is EPIC
I HAVE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR SOMEBODY TO TALK ABOUT THIS!
Can we also talk about how a mobile game (can't remember the name) is trying to pass itself off as Age of the Empires II? Or am I missing something?
Can you make a video on how Launch Stars in SMG work, if you haven't already?
great its banned in the UK where I live I hate those ads
Is it just me or are these theories getting shorter and shorter lol matpat might be running out of material
The only mobile games that dosnt have ads full of cap are games made by: Bethesda,Riot,Epic, and Ubisoft/Gameloft, Change my mind :)
8:54 YES! REPLY ALL! Thats literally my absolute favorite podcast and I was thinking about that exact clip during the whole video!!! Heck yeah!
Those games that show those girls dancing is the worst lol
What happened to games that people genuinely had fun making?
Honestly the ad in the beginning is WAY better than any normal mobile ad
Theses ads hurt me more than staring at the sun all day. But if I were to do that then hey problem solved I guess
As far as gardenscapes, those mini games were only added AFTER all the issues with the ads!
A lot of mobile ads really suck, but there’s that one color matching bottle ad that has a good song that I watch sometimes just cause I like the song :)
Maybe the fourth channel could be about real life theories Just sayimg
Kids when they see a cool advertisement for an app.Kids: shut up and take my money!
Lawyer-pat is at it again!
I got one of these Ads before the video started and I thought it was part of the video.
Epic
me with an adblocker (hehe)
I had an ad like this trying to watch this video
So, you decided to use a very misleading title, for a video that condemns misleading advertisements. The term "clickbait" gets thrown around a lot, and on a different type of video I wouldn't care, but in this instance, it completely undercuts the message of the video. In 0% of the video do you ever raise the question if the games themselves are illegal, only if the adds for them are. But let me be helpful on top of criticism: "Are Your Mobile Games ILLEGAL?" How about "Are These Mobile Game Ads ILLEGAL?" There, a MUCH less misleading title.
The beginning is so relatable.
Before watching- I wanna predict that it is mostly legal- just morally screwed up OR it's just hard to enforce laws that goes against it.
A/B testing is like evaluation, these mobile game ads are just crappy copy-cats they see what works for the other guy and then they copy it
So it is illegal but no one cares to do anything about it
This is ad theory not game theory.
Added with the smallest x that you can see it will becomes a deadly combo
The one good mobile game is Sky: children of light, check it out
Getting no ads through the whole video on a mobile device blessed I am
Have you seen dreams face?
I ain't got no IPhone
Yes.
I've been waiting years for Game Theory to cover this
I seriously got one of these ads watching this
13:7 are you sure?
I have yt premium therefore I don’t watch ads 😂
And that’s why search the game first before downloading w
Same. I hate now days apps that the creators haven’t done nothing and are just lazy
YES WE FINALLY GET TO HEAR THE VOICE OF SMILING MAN! 0:32
12:55 who *wouldn't* buy a pig in boots?
965? My mom has gotten to over level 1400
Capitalism truly, truly sucks.
Hirisha drifter uses beam.ng drive and FORZA HORIZON 4
So glad you did a video on this, need more large creators talking about the weird ads on YouTube
good thing I don't watch and ads on my phone XD - The world is crazy.
I am having a hard time wondering what happened 3 years ago to cause all of these things to happen cause it weren't covid
Actually funny enough their ads USED to be what you’d get, but they changed it
Remember he golden days of mobile games like jet pack joyride and subway surfer days
I got a lilys garden ad while watching this.
Was that loser at the beginning from Ben 10 from ghostfreak
I remember those annoying rainbow box that use to be in youtube
Me when matpat has a mobile game ad in a video about illegal mobile game ads
"Are your games legal?" Is your music?  "Understandable have a nice day."
Dont forget to obey the server
https://youtu.be/o-ZQXkEWOek o
EPIC STICK
Try idle miner tycoon
Early go brrrrr
Not suiteble for adds
when is the next petscop theory gonna come out its been a year
Has anyone seen the super high quality ww2 kind of ad? It's like a whole movie, I haven't watched all of it because I already knew it didn't have much to do with it.
you know i remember annotations they were pretty annoying for me
MatPat we have the same thought we hate those adds
Gardenscapes ads used to have different ads years ago they recently added them later..I love Gardenscapes...and I use a mod that gives me infinite stars and coins lol
the intro is just soo catchy
Wow, a ReplyAll reference. Good stuff, Mr. MatPat, I approve
guys guys guys i installed this like bobux mining app game its like real and stuff why is my brother saying it's mining ethereum guys help
WHO WAS IN THE PHOTO??!?!?!?!?!?
Back in my golden days 2013 the ads were better WAY better
I miss the annotations
remember back in the day when mobile games were actually good?  Jetpack Joyride, Subway Surfers, etc etc
Hey guess what. As I was watching this an ad popped up which showed gameplay from Friday night funkin. The app logo was a picture of a roblox caracter holding a microphone, like WTF!
I just got a discord notif that said color match at the beginning and i thought it was the video
Lol I got an ad while watching this for "Lillys garden" which is one of the games shown.
FINALLY SOMEONE COVERING THIS
Unironically asking the real questions. Big ups.
Thank you for this episode. I see these on Facebook all the time. The most fun thing to do with these games is go on the comment section and just chew it out on how crappy of a company they are.
I actually played gardenscapes and homescapes BEFORE those advertisings started coming out. Now I cant play the game so... Well done playrix!
I really hate does stupid ads and there never ending so thank you lord Matt Pat
p    c    x     box     play       station        way         better
The #fakegames is so funny
Take Raid shadow legends, the believer trailer, it looks nothing like the physical game
Wish you talked about why publishers don't sue mobile games stealing their footage. I know of the case with Ubisoft and that Chinese mobile dev.
Yes finale, I've waited you to cover this topic. Ive seen so many in Facebook ads and it started crippling into youtube ads too.
Homescapes be quaking
It’s like them army commander ads that show tanks and planes flying in a cool 3D setting. But then the game is a clash of clans clone, with some shitty isometric angle
My question ⁉️ is why these are legal I hate how they clickbait us 💢 its just annoying
Pls
Jus stop generic mobile games
Man I forgot about annotations.
Funny how as i waited for an ad to finish to watch this video, it was a warpath ad, you know the really cool looking cinematic trailers that look like it took hours lf time and thousands of (Currency of where you are) for acting and props.And yet the game is another top down “strategy game” and they stole the footage from war movies and one was even a cod ww2 cutscene
I swear Matpat, if I get a bunch of weird ads because of this video...
I feel like he just read my mind. I literally googled why these mobile games are so bad 2 seconds ago
I never really cared about the ads because I liked those games anyway. It does drive me crazy that their ads aren't advestising the actual games tho.
I downloaded RAID (. _ .) and it was basically the same as Dragon Awakens
It's always anti vaping ads.
Wow, epic video!
"Level 1 broke boi -> finds something random -> level 6000 GOD"
they should
1:12, is it said that I know that is the doctor squatch soap ad? Also, dr. Squatch is the best soap!
I seen a car mobile ad who claimed they made a cool game but the game they showed was a computer car game called beamng drive the picture was nowhere near the game they showed.
Its true mate pat these ads look darn right ridiculous and when you go on them its even worse
10:45 I've seen ads like these before
"I just want to round these liar up to a gulag" Joseph Stalin
Weird, I was just thinking about/looking up why companies do this. Thanks for reading my mind Matt
I dont think I've ever in my life actually downloaded a mobile game i saw an add for...
I never get mobile game ads
i remember there was a german add when i was a teen that was super stupid and broken german on purpose, a sentence that sounded like someone who learned german for 6 months said it.   EVERY teen in my class knew the add and we made fun of it all the time. then one day our teacher said: so they got what they want. you all remember their trashy add AND you talk about it for weeks, youre helping spread the word.   noone remembers a decent phone add, but everyone likes to talk about these garbage adds that are like  "i cant solve the puzzle.  X Y Z X Z Y"
WE NEED KIRBY IS EVIL PT2!!!!!!!!
Thay are 1000%
The only misleading mobile game ad I enjoy are the Lily's Garden ads because they are so wild. Like there's one where the MC Lily is pleasuring herself with the washing machine. I think her mom hooked up with her ex fiancee at one point.
I remember remaking a lot of the stereotype mobile game ads lmao  It’s funny how you can always tell its not the actual gameplay
Wait U sayd DRAGON, I want one! 😁
Remember when mobile games where actually good? Nowadays trying to find a decent mobile game is like finding a needle in a haystack the size of Alaska
I love your team and editing
The intro was the most relatable thing to almost all of us. 😂
we all agree that this vid is EPIC!!
This is literally every mobile game add. Those fkkin candy crush ripoffs lol
I miss the Super Amazing End Card Tournament.
Omg
I want to die
I work in mobile services since the beginning of smart phones and oh God those became so clever and unfortunately they keep getting smarter because we dont have educational vids to explain that... my first and longer customer is my mom... and I think we can relate to that..  we need more videos like this... thx Matt  you're a blessing !! 🙏
I was wondering why there wasn't more discussion on these mobile games. I'm wondering what the point of these are. They're not fun, very misleading and just crammed with more ads than game. Thank you for taking a deep dive into this.
I still remember getting so many "If you reach level 2, you are legally a rock" ads on instagram.
https://youtu.be/iT6eMorkX78?t=561 i smell a food theory
If you can't make the game you're advertising, then don't make the fake one, spend more time making the original game on the advertisement, if you want users to spend money than to it for real
The  fact that I got some of the fake mobile game ads while watching this video is very fitting.
Homescapes, Gardenscapes, Lily's Garden, Fishdom, they're all awful ads.
ITS A  THEORY.  A SAD THEORY, THANKS FOR- (Cries).
PC YouTube has ads mobile has ads but PC has extra ads
I’m SO glad you did a theory on this
i love r/fuckhomescapes best subreddit
I downloaded homescapes because it is actually a fun game if you play it for a while. Then I deleted it cause some of the stuff was not good or fun at all
Me, a whale - "Who clicks on ads when you can pay for YouTube premium?"
Nice bendy and the ink machine wrench
I see those ads for home and garden scape on Hogwarts Mystery all the time.  I was wondering if they were representative of the game play.
Your a boss to bringing this up, even if it's something small it can always lead to bigger things
you would be surprise on how many false advertisement in youtube
8:50 sounds like tape girl from fnaf
I wish you were my dad
Why are the people in the ads always bad at the game there promoting
Lily’s garden ads are specifically not supposed to be about the game, but more of the lore of the game
Game theory there was this one mobile game called scary pranks and it has depressing music and scary content in it I think it has some lore in it
More respect for Raid Shadow legends seeing as they are not like these apps.
This feels like the fox news defense of "only an idiot would believe what we said was true."
I understand that the ad is for a specific people,but I'm broke so stop giving me ads 🥶
Misleading ads... I am so tired of them to the point I can't even look for another game.  They should be illegal. And BANNED... most games go thru "Google play" for crying out loud. Youtube has report button on misleading...
The majority of the times that I clicked on those ad's it was an accident because the ad had a false or tiny x for exit mark that forced me to go to the playstore
“I sold my soul to get to level 2” The actual game: bbbbbbbbgbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
Fun fact i ran into a lily garden ad while watching this vid
it was either convergent evolution that JUST happened to MIRACULOUSLY work(oh wait no it was sheer random chance because miracles apparently don't exist), or it was that someone was making it all, and decided to give both flight
To be honest, that's why I only play Apple Arcade games.
I'm one of those people that doesn't play a lot of games so I never fell into one of these traps
Ironically under the video I see false ad banner.
You filled in the yellow
Yeah... I one time saw a game advertising itself using gameplay from Stronghold 2.
OMG, THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THE OLD INTRO  I MISSED IT SO MUCH!
So true
MOST EPIC THING HAPPENED WHEN I WAS WATCHING THIS I GOT ONE OF THOSE ADS
This episode was so real... down to the triple A games and console like PS5 and the latest Xbox they make  their cutscenes and ads look so "epic" but the gameplay looks nothing like that. Companies like this could have easily use their in game as advertisement and could probably get the same results of customers.  It feels like they only come out with newer consoles just to show case how better they can make their ads better than the previous ones instead of improving a story plot and in game experience.
he skipped over the whole TRADEMARK AND COPY RIGHT INFRINGEMENT PART THOUGH AND IM INTERALLY SCREAMING: what about the ones that ripped off another company? they are getting revenue when someone was lured into playing their game then spends money on it, and the other games they advertised are being ripped off?
The answer is that they should be illegal, but the companies just lobby Congress to be able to get away with whatever they want
What if you did a theory  about little nightmares
Mat.... Mathew.... Mathew pathew.. why did you make me feel old. Why.. why did you have to bring up annotations
I sure do hope they become illegal
This is before I Watch but please say yes they are basically false advertising  EDIT: Thank you Mattpat
man annotations... i could never get rid of them when they were on the corner
Losers my DAD restarted gardenscape several times and he is like over 6000 in each account. Like his highest was 8000 and something. Like in 2 months he was like lvl 2000. And he is 50 years old. Get on his level
Funny, I just wrote a research paper on false advertisements on mobile ads
That mob boss game was a ridiculous lie of an advertisement if you go on their reviews that's all anybody says
Fun Fact: the Gardenscape and Homescape games were in fact actually banned in the UK I believe. until they added those minigames that did what the fake ads said it was XD. Edit: Wait nvm matpat just brought it up at the end
This isn’t a theory its just a normal question
Just thanks
epic stick
I hate every game that isn’t a game with effort
im so glad this video was made
This video will blow up I'm sure
People Addicted to Mobile Games: "CAN'T. STOP. PLAYING." Me: "I'm investing too much time into this Mobile Game." *Deletes Mobile Game* People Addicted to Mobile Games: "How--where do you find this willpower?" Me: "I never feel satisfied with my progress in those games, and any time I get to a high level, a couple of weeks later it's considered a "low level", meaning there is no end goal and there are plenty more games with actual end goals I can be satisfied with, and NOT have to feel like I am competing with people whose bank accounts have unlimited money."
I like that I always clap my hands whenever I hear this channels intro
Just turn off your wifi it works for me
Pog haven’t even seen the video but I still like.
That makes ai more scary
As someone who lives in the UK, I can tell you that the little "not all images represent actual gameplay" disclaimer is on nearly every mobile game ad... In the tiniest font. Usually along the bottom of the screen.  *We've come a long way.*
I thought there was smth last year that called them out and banned misleading mobile ads already? Unless that was a Canadian thing but I recently realized we got them still
Hey mat pat will you do a theory will you do a theory about...
Depends on if geometry dash is illegal
I’m just barely old enough to remember annotations, and it makes me pretty happy
So happy somebody is finally talking about this bs
man that intro has me hyped everytime
Not a good thing, really not, THE WORST THING IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!1!1! matpat:it is time to get  scientific haha
Matpat and austin The best collab intro I've ever seen
This even goes for high profile mobile games, such as COD mobile which shows footage of their game on the xbox since you can see the score streaks being activated by dpad controls
BRUH, I've never personally seen a lilyd garden ad but in this specific video I get one
RFA members assemble!
Like what's the deal with mobile adds??!??!   Like bro the add looks so cool then the game is garbage.
could you make a video about ratchet and clank pleas
He is calling them out lol
You never mentioned the evil adds who say you can play but take you too the App Store when you click
One was plagiarized assets of age of empires, that doesn't sound so legal
Two videos in one week? *Giant gasp* wHAT THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Watching this when it's 1 hour old.
I got like a bunch of love games for no exact reason , I'm a rythm and a fps gamer , I don't play nor like love games most of the ads is just a hand touching some random girls private part and then they like level up with something called intimacy.
Jesus christ it takes you almost 2 minutes to get to the point of your video. Everything you said in the first two minutes was already explain by the title and thumbnail
Go on coolmath.com and you will see my least favorite. Someone out there was like "hurr hurr, if I put a 5 next to the same among us image I used when I put the among us 2 ad (legit the same image as the other one, but with a 5) I am so smart"
I think we can all agree that mobile ads make us all cringe.
The logic puzzle parts of the games look like they would be fun to play though
9:40 that looks like a face now you can't unsee it yw          xD
Only 1% knows were the apple is                    🍇🍅🍎🌶🥒🥬🌽 Can you guess we’re it is 🤯
Can confirm, you get an ad after every two levels in Hero Rescue. Not a bad game beyond that, though.
While watching this I got one off the adds
OH NO NOT ANGERY BIRDS THEY ARENT ILLEGAL ARE THEY?!?!?!?11/1!/1/1/1?!?!/1?!/1/1/1
God the ads about people not knowing what to do is so irritating to me
Well I have that stupid "connect the wood" game, at least it stays true to the word :/
So, when I don’t click on the bad ads then I save lives? Cool
Persecuted huh
god i miss annotations so much :(
*taps mic*   Ahem...  _Genshin Impact_
The analogy with convergent evolution is a bit of a stretch considering you can see what your competition is doing and incorporate outside info. Gene transfer and selection would be more apropos.
What about copywriter infringement with using other games’ gameplay & imagery?
Wouldn't the footage that is stolen from other games be violating copyright law, as they are using the footage that other people either paid money to make or make the background? And copyright is take more seriously for non-profit, or just non-immediate-profit, than misleading advertising, so a prosecution is more likely.
On homescapes my mom is on level 2375
Wait, this is illegal.
Matpat: are these types of advertisements legal?  Youtube: here, before you continue watching, have this misleading mobile game advertisement
Best channel on YouTube... except for film theory that is
It's money laundering
Ok but the advertisement for Lily’s garden is awesome.
The pay to play feature should be illegal
Don't choose Archer. Ugh! Archer again?
why do I feel like my favorite mobile game is about to be on a wanted list?
Miss LeDINg adDVerTIseMEnt i wANted gMAemd THeroyes noT Ad LegaAtlIty Talk
Finally, a part of my childhood I actually want ruined!
Why are mobile games ads is allowed? They are literally misleading and a scam.
The good games are the ones that don’t post ads
Maybe it's Google and Apple who need to punish these companies.  If they have false or misleading ads then remove  them from the app store.
Thank god for games like shadow fight 2 and vector.
It's also called  "False Advertising"
And then there is those ads that have used people like PhoenixSC's videos in their ad
A dying light theory?
I wasn’t expecting the Jerry reference😂
YES CRACK DOWN ON THESE FOOLS
was it a theory though?
These ads make you realise that Raid shadow legends wasn't the worst ad
I don’t think Alan Turing expected software evolving when he came up with the computer
I literally just finished studying convergent evolution for biology! Mad.
Please make some Fortnite lore videos!
If you know what the 'loser' sound effect was from at the start, I'll just say to you now, you're a true plumbus 👍
A fool and his money are soon parted.
"and the sponsor to our video today is Epic: Epic Legends"
0:38 is the most accurate thing on earth
I remember both the rise AND fall of annotations. As well as the old outdated Video Response. Man, YouTube evolved in some ways and devolved in others.
Before i watched this theory, i had to stop cause i saw an ad pop up. It was 15 seconds so i had to wait for a bit and wouldn't you know, it's an ad that promises going around setting up furniture in garden scapes. The link led to the app store and out of curiosity and just because i hats ads i had the ability to acknowledge and cick it and of course right 3 inches from my eyes there it was. . . (drum roll) . . .  another app that has matching 3 in a row. It was a horrifying and utterly disgusting sight to see. Knowing that i don't play most mobile games, i've then decided to move on to here where the analysis began. As of currently we are finding a solution to a never ending nightmare of ads.
Ad: “99.999% of people can’t beat this” Puzzle: is red yellow
i’m just waiting for “epic game” to release
❤
A new theory for CoD modernwarfare 3: did Juri died and the whole Game is his Dreams, a question from Maier
The number of “historical” phone game ads I’ve seen that just use Total War Footage or modded Total War Footage always annoys me - especially when it’s the modded stuff, as people have put a lot of time into said mod only to have it and someone else’s video stolen
An ad for gardenscape literally started playing on this video. I wonder if the universe understands irony.
While watching I got one of those fake ads 😑
For anyone interested in playing banished, if you can rack all up the achievements then congrats, you get to join the rest of us in a very non-exclusive club. Also, once you've learned how the game works by doing that, definitely grab yourself the "Mega Mod" from Black Liquid Software or "The north" mod for something a bit more focused/total conversion-y.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) memes
"The "SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT!"
That thumbnail is the perfect excuse for clickbait.
Why'd they remove annotations? They were nice.
Okay I was not expecting him to make a video about this but I am really glad he is.
ah yes. the "99% cant solve this" or "my mom vs my dad" ads
I’ve been wondering the legality of this for a while glad someone finally made a video about it
I play on iPad and I’ve never downloaded an app that is false advertising it’s always what it is in the ad i usually flip away other ads if they’re not really interesting
I wish these ads were illegal
I’m surprised he didn’t put a ‘Dad playing VS Mom playing’ fake ad in the video.
Can't spell "bad" without "ad"
Film Theory request: How strong is terry jeffords from brooklyn 99?
Me: Wants a fun game Ads: * puzzle thing* Me says: Wth I just want a fun cool game bruh 🥺
Finally someone had the guts to put shame in these "mobile ad games".
What’s your 4th channel going to be?
The video we did not want, but the video we needed.
I lose braincells watching them intentionally make mistakes, I know it’s supposed to make the viewer want to play it the “right” way (its worked on me a couple times lol) but jesus why
WHEN IS CROW 64
My favorite mobile ads are the Game or Sultan style ads.  The ones about trying ti become a queen in an ancient harem.  Those ads are always comedy gold.
Wait, Do people spend money on mobile games???
Wait a minute... FTC!?! I didn't know FlightReacts was behind all these stupid mobile game ads xD
“90% of people don’t leave a like! Can you do it?”
The 4th channel should actually be something with animals or nature don't ya think
10:41 Epic of Stew cameo!
I am so happy that most of my phone games dont have pop up ads
Thanks GOD for you covering this. Those shitty adds where annoying
That intro was: EPICCCCC
I love how I'm watching the video an add pops up and it's exactly a scam add
If only people used actual effort in the Ads and Games, they might have made something special but nope gotta follow silly trends or other dumb gimmicks and not be original at all.
How much data do these apps mine from a person's phone?
Now I wish there was a part 2 stating if Gacha games are legal, especially considering it promotes gambling and addictive behaviors in children.
Thanks for finally bringing major attention to this! These kinds of ads have ticked me off for years, but since nobody can said to have actually been 'harmed' by the issue, there's almost no way to actually punish it legally. Super frustrating! I hope somebody does something about this!
We can all agree that the clash of clans adds are one of the best out there
Remember watching your character getting strangled for several hours in Hogwarts Mystery? Yeah, you could bypass that by paying, but I just remember that specific moment as the one to uninstall all games on my phone...
The biggest reason. GOOGLE IS A BI- I mean Extremely Shady Corporate Entity.
thats how mafia works
Bro im 14 and i was watching yt where there was annotations
Who cares if they're "legal?"  The arbitrary declarations of legislators enforced through government fiat have no bearing on ethics or morality.  What's far more pressing is whether or not it's fraudulent.  Fraud is unethical, and remains unethical regardless of what the state says.  And why is nothing done about this?  Because we exist under corporatism, and the only companies able to survive are those granted special privileges by the state, as they are colluding with them.  Those that are not the chosen few are quickly dispatched in accordance with any of the countless, mutually exclusive regulations which are enforced on an entirely selective basis.  You see, regulatory capture has gotten to the point where you can be shut down at any time for no reason.  For example, raise prices and you're being monopolistic (regardless of whether or not you have a monopoly, which can only exist due to barriers to entry put there by the state anyway, and they only kill monopolies they see as a threat, usually replacing them with a different, worse monopoly), if you lower prices you're being predatory (somehow), and if you keep your prices the same, you are fixing.  Beautifully terrible, is it not?  It is not broken, however.  It is this way by design, and the system functions exactly as intended.
How dare you remind me of the simpler times, back when youtube had annotations. Also, at least companies like mihoyo are truthful in thier adds. Saw a honkai ad of one of the in game cutscenes...and the gameplay matched its craziness.....maybe even surpassed it.
The end should have been  But hey the just a theory a ad theory
On Crunchyroll, I normally get the exact same ad for 5 different games an episode
THANK YOU mattpatt for finally covering this -- these ads are the sole cause of my mobile frustration
I love when the generic looking guy gets a voice.
This is definitely late on the trend but it’s 100% worth the well done analysis
Speaking of legal and illigal marketing... I see so many mobile game adds that are just blatant Age of Empires 2, Banished or Anno Screenshots, with just a tiny bit of photoshop so its "technically" not a screenshot of another game.
You know that the dislikes are the employeeees
Yes mapat I do remember annotations and they sucked especially the ones with hidden links, where clear, covered the entire screen and sent you to very shady websites
It's not high on their list of priorities? Well FTC, hire me and I'll do it myself
What happened to mobile games? What happened to temple run, shadow fight 2, goat simulator, cut the rope, true skate. Hell even among us? Mobile games started sucking about 3 years ago
This ain't a theory, this is a fact
I remember Youtube annotations. Just barely, but I remember...
Am I the only one thinking matPat soumded like Seto Kaiba from Yu-Gi-Oh?
7:07 i remember them, but also That the like button just existed to rate a video good or bad  These days youtubers ask you to like before you even watched the video
wait, wait, wait, did matpat say it takes him 5 MINUTES to download a mobile game??? Bro it takes me like 15 seconds.
after 1000 levels they happen about every 20 levels until you have caught up to the latest mini game released. ADDED: the real crime are the "WIN REAL MONEY" games.
If you haven’t already you should do a Friday Night Funkin theory of some sort
There's an even worse one where they use a literal PC game for a mobile game I'm not kidding it it's literally a PC game that you have to buy with money and is actually a really good game that I play and the thing you install is just a slider and a car driver
Eww mobile games
Where is the Henry stickmin collection game theory?
Finally, I’ve been wishing for you to discuss mobile ads for ages
That intro of the video was funny asf. As a Console player, mobile games are 🤢🤢🤮🤮 especially the ads
I remember when game ads were subway surfers, temple run, cut, and fruit ninja. AND I LIKED IT
epic.
The pull the key game is a thing its called how to loot 2 if yall wanna play it
Omg finally!!!! Thank you adressing this nonsense mobile game advertisement bullsh*t topic.
I just watched a hero wars ad while watching this vid lol
Hey mat! Remember that binding of Isaac episode? The new Isaac DLC is coming out like tomorrow!!!
Should ban the game completely if it has nothing to do with the game.
My gosh those two arrows did make me go to the description
I got that Android virus, it said I got it from porn. Luckily I realised that it was fake (it had a countdown and was pretending to be Google). It was in my notifications centre, and I think I opened the details?  EDIT: Wait that's a different virus thing.
Is there a game like those puzzles that the ads show? They seem really fun
Hey I can’t see the likes or dislikes is it just me or is everyone having this problem please I need to know it’s really bothering me
yes, wo got here to game ads to *biology*
God I miss and don't miss annotations.
Oh no i am one hour late. EPIC!
thank god mat is making half decent vids again
Joke's on you. I don't see these ads because I have Youtube Premium.
There was one before hero rescue
ひ
Oh god annotations. Where has the time gone?
All this False Marketing reminds me of those Burger Ads, Pizza Ads and Chicken Ads when the food don’t look like how it did on Commercials. 😛
I talked about convergent evolution today in biology
That intro was so accurate its not even funny.
MatPat: “But sir, is that legal?” Mobile Game Companies: “I will make it legal.” Proceeds to lobby the US government.
I really used to love playing Gardenscapes. Its a shame that their advertisement for the mobile app is now putting the game in a very negative light
Glad you did a video on this, this the reason why I hate mobile games now and the fact that it’s ad after ad after ad
I don't even have phone games anymore. All they did was drain my phone battery since I didn't play them.
I got an ad for this trash RPG game and its ad was shield wall and i am like OMG OMG its shield wall so i go to get it and then i am like WTF is this
I played too many good games that these Ads just don't look interesting at all...in fact its really telling who they want to mimic which became a red flag for me since they could only be caring about money rather than building trust with players.
One of my biggest pet peaves with mobile ads is when they pretend to be a demo ad. There'll be a player at the start of a race and a few arrows that say something like "tap here to start" and then tapping the screen immediately opens the install page on the app store. Absolutely terrible marketing.
Yes those ads get on my nerves
Theres a lot of legislations that NEED to be passed around mobile games and apps
Just got a fake mobile ad for rise of kingdoms
There is a guy who actually made the pull the pins game, he has a video explaining how he programmed it amd all that
Lily’s garden ads get a pass though
One of the worst ads are from game called Mobile Legends:bang bang, for example there are kids sitting on chairs, and they're chatting about random things, like how was your school. After 30 sec. of chatting, it says: download now! Like... What is this xD
:o
This is the second time that MatPat has revealed that advertising to do with games is technically illegal. Is this going to become a series?
OH MY GONDALA MATPAT USES THE SAME PHONE AS ME
I remember annotations It was back in the good ol days
@10:41 I UNDERSTOOD THAT REFERENCE (the epic of stew)
1:55 to 2:00 you know if you know 0_0
Me : I feel ur pain  Everyone: our pain
Do theory on homeAnimations on film theory
The intro is very much accurate
I remember watching YouTube as a kid on my Wii and on some videos, people would put SO MANY annotations in their videos. I don't even think I could click them because I was on the Wii.
965? Weak. Pathetic. Im here at level 1887. Get on my level elyssa
Opening the video: Reply All would love this When they played the clip: OMG OF COURSE MATPAT KNEW HOW WOULD HE NOT.
EPIC
I once got an ad and it was for one of those gaia i think it was called? It was a space shooter i did not touch it crashed my device it was horrible i had to reset it it's fixed now great video
12:40 - I think you mean Prosecuted (the act of carrying on a legal action against a person accused of a crime in court.) instead of persecuted (hostility and ill-treatment, especially because of race or political or religious beliefs.)
Good thing I only play Guardian Tales and 7ds Grand Cross. The ads's gameplay are same in game.
does anyone know if there is a game bassed on the add of you moving a guy between towers to beat lower numbers?
You know there some bad ads where it show girls has no clothes I'm trying to doge that ad
Now this is EPIC!
Hustle castle is actually really fun
Please do a theory on genshin impact!!!
Sup
Lilys garden ads tho
Haha I like the mobile game ad that came up during this video.
I keep getting this stupid (obviously fake) ads for some game about destroying a tower (thats probably a match 3 game)
7:22 WHAT DID YOU SAY?! unsub Nah JK But cats are better
Missed opportunity to not be sponsored by RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
A realy imporrant thing to talk about!!!
Those ads annoy me so much. So common it annoys me.
Had to remove a ton off unused apps & games to get crash on the run installed, this ones enjoyable thus far
Atleast I actually got good games like Genshin Impact, Love Live All Stars, Fire Emblem Heroes and Final Fantasy Brave Exvius; they’re better than those trashy mobile games
you are litteraly taking the words out of my mouth, NO ONE IN THIS DAMN WORLD is talking about those stupid adds for years i though im the only one who thinks that its just so stupid that this is reality BUT THERE IS A WHOLE COMMUNITY that has the exact same though as me im so happy im not alone your the best im subbing.
E
yes my life is epically boring
11:35 how will a blind person read the tag for curing blindness if they cant read it
I got an idea for a new youtube channel it can be called "Toy Theory" And the color of it can be purple with a doll or a bear as the picture
I love how ironic it is because i saw 2 adds because the video actually started  Gaming adds
That's not just a theory matpat
OMG FINALLY SOME ONE DECIDED TO DEAL WITH THIS THANK YOU MAT
I literally got a fake game ad in the middle of the video
I got a ad and it was saying all about how you don’t need to spend money then it didn’t not have 100 ads
I gotta be honest, I get a lot of those ads, and initially I did get the feeling of, "oh hey, I can figure that out", but eventually I thought, if I can figure this game puzzle that quickly then that game must be too easy, and then eventually lost interest.
But wouldn't ads that steal footage be illegal because of copyright laws?
What's funny for me is that I played Gardenscapes waaaay before I started seeing those stupid fake adds everywhere, and I downloaded it because of a REAL add that I saw that showed actual gameplay. And yes, I even spent money on it! (not a lot, mind you, but a few dollars surely) It was only after the fake adds started that I got fed up with it and ended up uninstaling the game =/
hate these ads
Was I the only one who got the Rick & Morty "looserrrr" reference?
I see  I learned a new business technique👍
Epic
oy I have a request I think you should do a theory on the bts universe if possible armys are waiting
Please
Yo who keeps on getting the mafia ranked thing ad
"Not all images?"  More like "Complete fabrication, this game does not exist."
Can you talk about bendy and Machine
1 hour ago
8:02 so HE’S who we have to blame for making hillary clinton the “queen of memes”.      Also remember when ads would steal youtubers content from other games then speed it up?
The example crime you showed  Crossing the road  How the fμck is that a crime
I just want to play the "pull the key game" they keep advertising :(
YES. THANK YOU. THAAAAANK YOU. FINALLY SOMEONE IS TALKING ABOUT THIS. IT DRIVES ME NUTS, MATPAT. THANK YOU.  And I'm 22, but I miss annotations a lot. Man, I remember when youtube didn't even have ads. Then it was only one ad. Then two. Then a million. Then YouTube Red. Then Youtube TV and Youtube music. YouTube is a mess.
Only people with an IQ of 220 and above are smart enough to click the thumbs up!
Sign of a good mobile game- it has a freaking ending
Tbh, the only reason why I truly know what annotations look like because of that Alan Becker video: Animation VS YouTube.
*He’s gonna take you back to the past*
yeah, probably
How to lose faith in humanity 101.
I cant believe roblox is doing this now
I have never been so happy for you to theorize something
The worst things are those ads that claim to send money to your paypal, but require extreme hours of playtime and actually don't give you anything. Those have to be illegal, right?
Are these games illegal?  Game companies: the law requires that I answer no
This is a topic I have been DYING to see called out on youtube. That intro bit alone already has me hooked on this episode.
those ads are on pc
I think matpat needs a break these videos take a lot of work and all in 1 week he probably doesn’t have too much time to himself especially with 3 channels I’ll be fine as long as matpat gets a break (I don’t want him to get burnout)
Oh my its lillys garden
A game theory episode, IN TUESDAY, yes please
But still how can other companies straight up steal footage, can't the owners just copyright them. Plz explain
*imma* *tell* *the* *government* *that* *they* *commited* *a* *war* *crime*
Tons of dating apps like Tinder do the (you got a like) see who it is .. But to do so, you would have to sign up for premium lol It even shows a blurred out image in your DMs or whatever ... It's so freaking shady.
I used to have Homescapes, I deleted it out of disgust when they started doing those adds
Why I can to see dislikes
Yes my games are
ive seen some that use pokemon assets. I have no clue how nintendo hasnt smached them yet...
They have gotten so bad he needs to make a theory on it. I knew they were absolute wasted space for a game.
Matpat represents the sane and logical side of humanity
I got Lilly's Garden add as I was watching!
Didnt include the anime incest ads
I tried to skip his fake ad
I always see these ads. I call them meh ads.
Fun fact in Sweden the barbie movies would be illigel to make and you cant make any sort of ad that are targeting kids.
"Im level 975" this person must be proud of themselves
Adds! That's all I see now days! Also, I remember annotations. I hated when they filled the screen. So annoying!
This was epic
Triple AAA games false advertise and no one bats an eye, some random shmuck false advertises a mobile game everyone goes berserk
God save the king!
:)
I used to play homescapes before all these ads, it wasn't bad, now I just heard it was banned in my country? Cool.
,
When the Actual game is better than the ad= Gardenscapes
@Game Theory, a great game is lego Star Wars the complete saga. You can do a lot.
I’m Batman
the intro is getting better and better day by day
I got one of those dumb mobile ads while watching this
One game that's actually good: Civilzation* 3 (and any of the Civ games). It lets you create a civilzation with any major world leader, as you set up your cities and go against other ones. You can build lots of things in your cities, and make Wonders of the World that give you points or new structures. I highly recommend you play it if you are a history nerd like me. It's a lot of fun.  *yeah I spelled Civilzation wrong, that's how it's spelled. I guess there was already a game called civilization And no, I'm not a bot, I'm just a person who likes games and history
Are we gonna talk about how Mark was the face of Oliver Stevens?
The thing about those ads is the players always fail and lose the game. What a noob.
I'm so happy that MatPat is covering these dumb ads
I Own Ninsag And Money, Yep I’m Saying Money Makes You Crazy Remember What’s Right And Wrong Don’t Get Sucked In!
*”RAI-“*
Basically, because China
TL;DR It is illegal in a lot of instances, but the government has more important things to do, like cracking down on fake medicine ads, or money stealing computer viruses.
What is the most easy way to suicide?
This justifies my hatred of most ads and makes me glad I never downloaded the games... Except once... And I was disappointed
There are plenty of mobile games who make themselves look like a pokemon game. Using pokemon in the ads and having a gameplay trailer ripped straight from Pokken
my dad plays the guarden games and I think hes at somewhere around 1500-2000 and I have not ever seen him get those "dreams"
e
I remember annotations man!
*"YOU WOULD'NT LAST 5 MINUTES WHILE PLAYING THIS GAME"*
Before I watch, I'm guessing this is a bait and switch "they should be, but they all have tiny, almost invisible disclaimers claiming that the ad isn't representing the actual game."
I didn't get any ads during this video. Nice.
THANK YOU, I've been asking this for MONTHS Would the companies change this if we all started to report the ads??
but hey that's just a theory          a GAY theory  thanks for watching
Those mobile game ads will do anything to get their proverbial foot through the door.  The door being your mental filters that regulate what is allowed & denied access into your personal life/time.  Once they get through that door, they have given themselves potential opportunity to get you to spend money.  Basically, it's like putting exaggerated or false claims on your resume to get an interview.  If you can wow the interviewers to hire you, the rest hypothetically doesn't matter.
man i miss the super amazing end card tournament
Idk
Laughs in YouTube Vanced
This is scary I just learned about convergent evolution in biology today. Not only that but we used the shark and dolphin thing as an example.
DaBaby???????? 8:38
Love your videos keep it up
10:38  Soo its actually illegal, cause as they say " time is money"
Now I know why every voice in those adds have annoying squeaky voices
Those ads are really annoying
Mobile games in general are trash, every time i see an ad that looks remotely interesting the instant i see its a mobile game i ignore and move on.
Right after the people that use these  fake ads will see this they'll be like "I'll pretend I didn't see this
But MatPat, their advertisements do affect my health. My mental health. They're so awful it hurts :(  Let's just move to the UK.
That's mobile legends right there
the 119 dislikes are from the mobile games with these ads
Finally!
I gave up in mobile games when I saw a bleach game ad with "JUMP FORCE GAMEPLAY"
Almost didn't watch the video because I thought the thumbname was an ad...
Nobody:  Literally anyone who believed every mobile game ad I have to admit they got us in the first half.  Also please just read the rating and reviews of the game to avoid being mislead.
Remember kids: illegal and unethical aren't always the same
the lesson of this video is: Cygames us the only good movile game developer
I can't reach the purple color (And I think you know what shade of purple I'm talking about MatPat)
Interesting that they use the word "player" and not "gamer" in the targeting strategy part.
The freemium ones should be.  And now to actually watch the video...
How did mobile games go from quality games with no ads like  Angry birds  Subway surfer  Jetpack joyride  To misleading terrible mobile games with so many ads you want to rip your hair out
I saw an ad for a game that is like rip-off Spider-Man and stealing gameplay of Spider-Man (2018)
This I think the 1st time someone tacked this topic, cause those dumb adds got annoying as heck. This is also a good reason why I kind of stoped playing mobile games and only instal if I already saw a video of the actual gameplay.
Mobile game:fake ad Me:hmm i played this game so i know its not real Game:idiot
EEEEEEPPPIC INSTALL NOW YOU WON'T REGRET  EPIC
One time i saw an add for puzzles and dragons and it had the basilisk from wizard101
I think we need to call this for what it is:  Predatory Advertising  Trust me...if I had the time and the patience, I could tell you about a lot of problems with advertising in general on the web as a whole.  Even going back to the earliest days of the web.  This is just ONE problem.
0:44 nice Rick and morty
0:00 - 0:45 every mobile game in a nutshell. Could be the title. EDIT: THIS WHOLE VIDEO IS MOBILE GAMES IN A NUTSHELL!
How? Uuuuh, about 50 years of blind deregulation and a societal hate toward lawyers and frankly, common sense...
I hate when these ads show something completely different games
Anyone else notice the epic of stew joke
You should make little nightmares theories
I was in the middle of the video and got a mobile game ad what irony.
My favorite mobile games: -Shadow fight 2 and 3 -Smash hit  -Reventure  -Fancade (must play)
Sad, there are not much games that actually advertise actual gameplay
I dont get how they get away with using actual gameplay footage of another real game. Like Pokémon ( I see this one often).
i remeber when homescapes and gardenscapes had real ads
Fun fact: matpat did the outro longer to put an ad
no I use adblock and yes it's stupid but when there is an advertisement for every 2 to 4 min then no  i want to support my youtubers but that's just not the way to do it
ah yes the whales of games dokkan and legends home turf granted on a scale like no other
I played hero rescue just out of respect for the ad actually being representative of the game
Wanna develop an app? Wanna develop an app? Wanna develop an app? this is a rick and morty reference
Who else would love to see a film theory about infinity train
99% can't reach  the yellow😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
pretty sure the name of the game is FOOTBALL :P
Me add to mat epic:get in jail bcs you play an illegal game EPIC
Where game
Its sad to know that the game that I saw on the ads that I thought was crappy from the ad isn't even the actual game that you download
Low key if always been like if it says click to jump then it doesn’t jump that’s like lying
I hate the add where they have the most simple answers and the person gets it wrong
I hate how, on mobile, ads pull up a huge overlay that completely blocks comments and related videos.  There's almost always an ad at the end of videos, but the end is when i most wanna go to comments or find a related video to watch.  Maybe Im weird but ads that annoy me make me actively avoid the product. Which makes me wonder why ads choose the "as obnoxious as possible" road most often.
I harbor a strong hatred for the gardenscapes man.
I have noticed that they stopped using pokemon as part of their scam marketing after Nintendo busted out their Law Department over copyright infrengment.
Let's launch a bunch of complaints to the FTC and let em know just how much we despise these kinds of ads.
Alternate title: a mobile game ad scammed me and now i take revenge by talking about if they are legal
People playing mobile apps. Me and android user emulating nintendo 64 games on my phone 😎
I miss times when there were good mobile games like shadow fight, smash hit, angry birds(before they copied themselves), jetpack joyride etc.
Fun Fact: a lot of these mobile games come with all the in-game ads pre-downloaded. I got many in a row without wifi or data.
Omg that intro was sooooo right. They should be illegal because they’re... shitty ads Edit: I think in a few years, the games that steal footage are gonna downright be using the Skyrim trailer
The only game I play on my phone is Brawl Stars
Cool video!
What happens when we report an ad as inappropriate / repetitive / irrelevant in order to skip it?
I remember YouTube annotations I wondered what happened to them
Ts 965... Im on Level 1185
I actually love the Dr. Squatch ads, that’s how ads should be
Awesome video
Finally, I been waiting for someone like you to cover this topic!
liked the rick and morty reference
Him: dissing garden scape  An ad for garden scapes on my phone: ayooo it's my time to shine
Imagine promoting another game instead of your own like what who hires these people in the end even if u Download it you can just delete it and the add is all pointless there pretty much wasting there advertising funds
There actually was once a ad that stole clips of animation from a youtuber. For there Mario rip off game
Imagine Matthew is being sponsored by *Raid shadow legends* after this video
I just got an ad here and it's Fate Grand Order and Arknights
*Mafia city ads have left the chat*
This is some of the things i talk a lot and happens in a lot more places than videogames. Even news are the worst these days.
If any of you haven’t tried brawl stars, give it a look
That old guy with the red bowtie has gone through more pain than anyone on the planet
I unironically got a gardenscapes ad
E
Humanity continues to surprise me.
I dunno...probably.
Anyone else HATE those ads where you’re supposed to erase women’s clothing?
Do you believe in God? And are you saved? If so go tell someone else and tell them to tell someone else if not then go read the Bible take Jesus as your saver. If you don't want to then well you don't have to.......
Alyssa : I'm level 965 My grandmother: *pathetic*
*laughs in YouTube premium*
Danny's badads
0:32 wow, that was really cool
As a homescapes player 965 is amateur hour, 1478 😎
You know it has been a while since you did an episode of the super amazing end card tournament. Didn't know they removed the annotations function in youtube.
Haha, I play Homescapes, I'm at the highest possible level, every week they add new 60-80 or so levels and the mini games appear 2 or 3 times after a certain amount of levels like clockwork. It's definitely not random.
Annotations they sucked
Epic ad: that's how mafia works
Cool theory matt❤
Epic
I got one of those android viruses thing and luckily I know that it was fake but my little brother didn't he almost paid money to fix it good thing my dad stopped him
YES EVERY GOSHDARN TIME AGH
The saddest thing is..... these are actual people making these games and ads...
I'm glad to finally understand all these terrible ads.
I didn't know about AB testing Good episode
I’ve never seen a game ad on YouTube it is ALWAYS 5G ads
What I want to know is, what’s the deal with all the mobile ads for fake Pokémon games?
lol
The fact that at my school I am learning about the 3 main types of evolution and this video uses one of them is scary to me.
What about those fake Pokémon games using Pokémon pictures in their ads? I hate that stuff
So basically, mobile ads ARENT getting away with this stuff, the FTC just doesn't care.
Good thing I'm not stupid enough to fall for these ads 😑
Thank you for addressing this. It is insane.
When you find a mobile game that’s just like the ad and is actually really good
I've been saying this for years. And then god /FORBID/ you mention this junk on the actual ad, all the smoothbrains come out of the woodworks and actually defend the use of the ad. Like. Thhfuck?
Yes, no questions
It's weird since I had a horrible, misleading ad right after watching this
Its not legal youtube dosent care and most of these companies are based in china. And lets be honest, i dont have to tell you china dosent care.
1:31 - This might get you banned from Twitch soon enough if you do it on stream ... Sadly, no Kappa
Me before watching this video and I hope this doesn't change: YES MATPAT, KILL ALL THESE ****** GAMES AND ADS
I just saw a mobile game ad today that was advertising a Card style game, and the footage they used... It was gambling in RD2
omg THANK YOU for covering this topic. I've been waiting for someone to explain this for forever now-
1:32 I've seen a lot of mobile game ads but never this one. Does anyone know where I can find this ad specifically? I tried to look for it myself but I still have no clue where it is.
I remember seeing an ad that had RDR2 gameplay, but the game itself was just a laggy poker game
Super amazing end card tournament was just a way to get engagement! Genius!
actually what we call "clickbait" in youtube is "misleading add" in game ads
Whats bad about this, is that this is probably the reason why mobile games are sometimes looked down upon  You need to search deep and not take anything at face value to find those gems
I'm a new YouTube
Kids remember this isn't a hate video so don't send hate to anyone because some, and I mean some mobile games are good
THANKS MATT NOW I CANT PLAY SUPER BRUNO RUN
"Experience an epic world, where everything is EPIC!" Me: what, raid shadow legends?
"If you have mobile game advertisers all across the web throwing ideas against the wall to see what sticks, eventually they're going to converge on the few ideas that..." [Verizon ad starts playing for me] "only verizon gives you the best...." The sheer timing of that ad is both hilarious to me, but also really annoying.
Hi
Well when I see this sort of thing, I ask where quality went.? I then look at the makers of this video and find my answer. Thanks
So true >:(
If you get to level 2 then you’re legally a pumpkin
Matpat are you ok this video seems like an AD    Edit: 7:50 ish "To get people to react" React in a negative way :L
I hate lies and this video is EPIC (not really, but it definitely IS good)
"I never could even be as cool EPIC be in a million years"
doesnt matter if its legal. nobody is going to stop you.
I've been saying this for year's. I've seen so many fake Ads for game or other Ads from copy written content.
I’m not judging here by any means, but the inconsistency between the colors at 6:22 and 6:28 is messing with my OCD
Me: I can’t wait until the new security breach theory. MatPat: ARE MOBILE GAMES NAUGHTY?!?
The the original ads always make the player lose, so they’re basically telling us we’re stupid.       Hold On, ill be right back, just need to get my shotgun.
this video was "EPIC"
As a mobile gamer (i don't have a good pc), i just want to say that there are good mobile games out there, you just have reaaallllyyy to search for them. Some of my favorites include:  Shadow fight 2 and shadow fight arena (sf3 just isn't as good imo)  Call of duty mobile  Asphalt 8 airborne  Stick war legacy Etc   Plz don't send hate towards us mobile gamers as we are mostly from 3rd world countries where having a good mobile has more priority than having a good pc, thus we have better phones than mobiles. Even my pc is a corr i5 with 4gb ram grom 2014 which was handed down to me from my brother. While my phone i just bought last year and has 4gb ram.
Theory Idea: where do Minecraft villagers get the items they trade with?
This wass really interesting thanks!
I feel like game theory has those 4 side bars in their logo for each channel. 1 for game theory, 1 for food theory, and 1 for movie theory. They’re most likely gonna make another channel so the last slot is filled. They knew they would have multiple channels from the begginjng
i was actually impressed with the lily's garden one. different take on a candy crush game than ive seen. never saw or noticed the ads though. but i have certainly downloaded a couple games, for them to be entirely different, and i just uninstall. im guessing its for download clout and not actual players? but idk.
That begging add is all to true
I don't know if i should like or dislike this theory?
Seriously though it's not hard to find epic games nowadays. In fact I actually just finished developing a game where pay to win doesn't exist! This way people don't have to give me money for the game and I can go broke! Here let me tell you where you can find it. Goto wherever you acquire your phone games and search "unless you give me $1000 a week you will lose in this game" download it. When you load into the game it will ask for all of your banking information, don't worry this info is very secure and will not be taken advantage of. You can trust us here at We Take Your Money for Nothing Games. Have fun!
The only "clickbait ad" accept is tricky castle because its actually a fun puzzle game , no not a perfect game but its fun to play through
F*** mobile games🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕 also masthead what happened to the Block
I finally broke down and downloaded Lily’s Garden. I really enjoy the story part but I’m so tired of the tile games. I stopped playing after finding a channel to watch instead.
This entire world is just people being ducks. You know what word I mean
Yes.
Now this is my area of expertise. As a college student who got to examine communication laws, this covers it well. And there are some precedents when it comes to this type of advertising.  Also, I couldn't stop thinking about Epic Games when you said Epic! They're making big moves in the entertainment sector and the metaverse. Plus, with mobile gaming, Genshin Impact is doing very interesting stuff in the background. That definitely goes in hand with the future of cloud and mobile  gaming. Where is the continuation of the Epic story?
6:30 I got a homescapes add lol
My ultimate solution: Use uBlock Origin, That's it, No more ads
oh hey its Wartune 4:27
Thats why im a pc and console gamer lol
I didn't wach the wideo but I'm 100% sure they are ilegal
I would have just assumed that the games using these fake ads are just using the same as company.
There are two types of mobile. Adds in this world the dumb misleading game ads and the self aware ads  the ones that. Are meta always talk about  how little time they have and that you’ll probably skip it which actually makes me not want to. Skip it i like the second one
I miss annotations :(
Just wanna tell ya, I got a mobile game ad on this vid
Two words: ad block.
I'm awake at 3am and Matpat just happened to upload a video
And those ads that say you can win hundreds of dollars for playing bingo
E
All the ads on this video were mobile game ads
Sponsored by Google Pixel? As every phone was a pixel
Fun fact: Been playing mobile games since they first came out. I learned the predatory practices yet also feel that there are games that truly earn that $10-$60. There are wonderful games that can fit any players niche.   The false advertising drives many off and even the PR department in many of the companies are small or nonexistent..
E🅱️İC
What's funny is that I got those sucky adds while waiting for this video
the FTC logo looking like an uninterested person makes sense now
How about the MICROSCOPIC X BUTTON that I can never press without being sent to the app store?
I remember those original Garden Scapes adds and I remember them being pretty accurate to the game
hay mat pat can you find out what are the pikmin? from pikmin 1-3 and how could they be real and how are there so many variants like red, yellow, or blue, but lastly what are the candy popbuds that can change the pikmins color?
I missed when people tried to make good comercials
Ads showing a choice based game like talltale games but it’s just a clash of clans rip off
Okay there is only 2 mobile games that are amazing it’s clash of clans and Minecraft pe
Short answer: they should be
Petition for the forth quater of Game Theory to be Sports Theory  👇
Tip to phone users: Turn on airplane mode before opening the app. You won't get the ads every 2 seconds! This won't work for every single game though.
Mobile game ads are the reason why god stays in heaven
7:08 yes i do, what happened to them?
Likly is DEADDDDDD
Have the creators of Banished sued the other company for using their gameplay footage in marketing while claiming it to be something entirely different and not giving any credit to the people who put in years of effort into making Banished?  If not that's an open and shut easy case get that money from the dumb mobile game dev
Lilly is DEAD
8:11 best over simplification of politics ever two sides screaming at each other.
59 min 1 hour ago
Life
P.S. I think its ironic that there are no ads hear
I like mobile game
Seriously! How can false advertisement be legal? You probably get the answer in the video, but I been asking myself this constantly, without actually bothering searching after an answer. And here I am.
Let's see how many people got a fake in-game ads during this video
Gacha is the only game I like cause they don't make ads they just keep quiet  also i don't fall for adds
I hate those ads
Speaking of stolen ads/content  the "Age of civilizations" is flat out stealing video from Age of Empires, like WHAT THE HELL. Also still watching the video, so hopefully those ads and games ARE illegal Damn, so it is illegal, but isn't really enforced...
I have experience I tried fishdom and only got one of the mini games 😢😧
I am on level 6500 on gardenscapes. Been playing it on and off for years. I have only seen the minigame once
I was hesitant to click on this video because I was afraid I was going to only get stupid mobile game ads while watching
darn, i scrolled down after i saw the 2 arrows
I know it might be a bit besides the point. But it's worth underlining how deplorable the practice of whale targeted advertising is when you realise that most whales are vulnerable people, either children or people in states of grief or helplessness that are exploited potentially to bankruptcy by these designs.
i swear yt doesnt review these ads
I got a lily's Garden ad...
Can you do a Friday night funkin' video?
Well as they say in the mobile games industry, “that’s how mafia works”
YouTube promotes them filling our videos with a lot of ads. Then when you get the game you are given more ads with each lv. You want no more ads? Just pay to remove them. Sounds like some MLM type sheet
I got lured into one of those one time but within 2 minutes I saw it was rife with ripped assets from several Final Fantasy games. Never clicked "uninstall" so fast in my life.
I remember annotations. There was a video that had annotations open to everyone to make them. This caused the video to be filled with so many annotations per second that the video itself was completely obscured. Literally tens of annotations per second, some even holding conversation with eachother.
Can u make a video on garden scape i want to see the game play of the girl that’s on level 965
Who elles had a mobile game ad play as u clicked on the video?
Egg
Hello everybody and welcome to game theory! The show that stopped doing good content and rambles on about one topic until I go so off track that I have to bring up the fact that I stopped talking about the main topic and then within the last 3 minutes finish the video 😏
For those wondering he was talking about with the a/b testing on the channel they used to do a thing called “Super Amazing End Card Tournament “
YouTubers: Hey, FTC, can we take sponsors without risking our entire career?  FTC: Sure, just make sure you follow all theses forms!  *slams 5 pound volume on the table*  Everyone Else: Hey, I'm going to make some super shady and hyper-targeted ads that are mostly lies anyway.  FTC: Sure, why not?  I see no problem here.
Hey, if you look past the fake adds gardens cape is actually pretty fun and the mini games are in dreams! STOP ATTACKING MY FAVORITE GAMES!!!
I got a mobile PAY IF YOU'RE SMART ads XD
So I’m in the UK, so FTC rules still apply or is it different.
Did anyone else notice the rick and Morty reference in the open
That intro!!!!!
This adds are so much of a scan even I could do it
You spelled ad like "add" in the description. Sorry to be a spellchecker
You forgot the ads that says : "99% of people were unable to solve this"
I remember youtube annotations, but I only lived like 2 years to actually experience it.
Rigged
Thank you UK
I know that I am really drawn in when ads show a level that failed, and I can see how to play it and do it correctly. Sucks that a lot of those are always running around.
Thank you SO MUCH for covering this, it's been bothering me for a long time now. Another question I've had around those kinds of ads is "how many of these are for data farming?", so it would be really cool to see you cover that some day
Then there is the in game ads that are actual scams , saying that you will get money on paypal if you play it
It's the complete opposite in the case of roblox. The ads are drab but the game is fab
How DARE you sully the greatness that is Gardenscapes.
whispers "loser"
I feel like my catchphrase has been stolen not epic
Amateur! I just passed level 1000! Muahahaha!
My mobile games are Ocarina of Time, Yoshi's Island, A Link to the Past, and Conker's Bad Fur Day. Android has emulators clearly marked on Google Play and a filesystem that allows users to sort game ROM files (for example) into dedicated folders, and Google itself has its own file manager app Files by Google.
matpat:dogs are stronger the cats me: try telling that to my cats who beats up my dog
Cyberpunk 2099 would still be better than the original game
I will go to the play store and one star them all.
So basically, yes they are very illegal but they are so low on the FTC's priority list that nothing will be done about them. It's understandable, but this is still something that needs to be dealt with.
Raid shadow was born illegal
i think marketing of mobile games should just be outlawed i get swarmed by one game its garbage and hope that company burns
The only truly EPIC game I've played on my phone is Marvel Future Fight, it's SO GOOD
The most unfortunate part is I do actually want to play some of the games in the ads, but they don’t exist.
This video was EEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPPPPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate these types of ads
If everything is illegal, nothing is
Ohh i’ve just remembered the annotations.        They were stupid i’ve always hated them.
I hate how mobile game ads play a minute long video then tells it tells you to play there demo game but then you just end up in the AppStore.
This video was sponsored by Raid shadow legends
"see that EPIC? EPIC"
Who got an ad for Lily's garden while watching this.
I´ve probably never seen so many ads willingly XD
Something about that intro really spoke to me.
I've notice that some of the pull the key games have launched an off shoot game that is nothing but the pull the key puzzels lol.
This should not be the government responsibility. This should be ours and also google play and apple store responsibility. They allow those morons to falsely advertise the game even on their application and no matter how much negative reviews they get there will always be a tsunami of positive ones that I highly doubt getting paid to upvote it
Lmao,an add for one of these games played while watching this.
Finally facebook ads
Thank you MatPat for having a correct opinion
man now the trend died out but I was really hoping for a Henry Stickmin lore/endings video since they were by the same creators of amogus ✊😔
What annoys me are these Age of Empires thieves that steal art, gameplay footage and even nostalgia fandom "after 20 years it's now on your phone" b***h you weren't here 20 years ago. Microsoft, please sue.
Finally! Somebody said something about this.
I actually saw the same ad for 3 different games and in 1 of them ONE person was different
Those adds are now illegal for false information well at least American
Definetly 100% didn't steal the wind saying to loser joke from Rick and Morty. Still hilarious though
Most of the mobile games now should be illegal for even existing.
While watching this video I got one of the ads he showed on the video
If you see this I hope you have a good day
Please if you install games from adds like these please stop you are helping the companies who create this problem
Game ad: has one letter missing Also game ad: only 0.0002% can solve this
I've seen these types of ads while playing Plants vs Zombies 2
Me who doesn't spend money on mobile games
I was waiting for someone to adress this
e p i c
I was literally playing garden scapes before watching this video 😅
Yeah companies like Nexters Global and 37Games should be sued for this kind of false advertisement.
I literally got a warpath ad before this video
One day i saw a ad of a pretty good mobile game but the Ad inself was God Of War 4, wtf
Seen these ads but not on YouTube.... If you know you know 😉
Woah this is crazy
1:48 that is the ad I got at the beginning
so true
FINALLY HE DID A VID I ACUALLY WANTED
So glad summoners war doesn't do this cringe fad with their ads
"Long enough to get to level 965" My mom who is at level 2315 pathetic
Hey mat speaking about mobile games, theres a game called brawl stars that have surprisingly a hiden lore behind it
False advertising kinda works tho 😳
Fun fact if you try to lose in these mini games you won't be abel too
I The most literal disturbing ad is that I have ever seen
Bro the games back in like 2013 were so much better like jetpackjoyride , clash of clans , geometry dash , fruit ninja and a lot more
There are no rules unless someone enforce them. That what I always say when someone parks illegally. And it true here too. Ya.... :(
Well there go my plans of becoming a mobile game dev but whatever, guess i'm becoming a criminal
I especially hate the ads where the solution is so blatantly obvious yet the “person” playing is awful
That intro is so true
13:30 -- baby steps, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
These are the ads on your videos
Is it just me or those games where you literally torture a character like "kick the buddy" creep me out so much. Keep in mind these are KIDS games. My younger cousin used to have that game, I was VERY concerned when he showed me it.
I remember playing a game during 2010 or so that looked like the REAL game of Dragon Awaken, and I can't remember what it was, anyone know what I'm talking about? Any ideas on the name?
Anytime I see these ads I think about Danny Gonzalez spanking himself
I hope
Oh hey I'm early
Is this a raid shadow legends ad or
i got here just under an hour
The comic theorist
It’s always for a candy crush like game too
That "EPIC" ad was actually pretty nice and not cringe unlike the average mobile game ad
Loving the Rick and morty reference in the beginning 😂
Ah yes mobile gaming... The science of making somewhat game like, psychological traps for whales,  for as cheap as possible, so they can spend as much money as possible on marketing.
1 hour
This is so epic
I hate those ads.
Isn t false advertising illegal? Cuz if so, many games did illegal things, Lords Mobile , i m coming for you and your 30- diferent-style of gameplay!  2d 3d , clicker, drag and drop, strategy, combat..
Annotations sucked XD
They used a The Office meme to explain mobile game ads
Oh wow, I'm surprised this hasn't came out sooner because man, do these mobile games really do have such fake ads that don't even showcase the actual game.
this is why i look up a mobile game up on youtube before i download it
If I met the man who made the mobile game I would kill on the spot I don’t think they harm you I don’t recommend they hinder your health I played them all my life and I haven’t died yet  Play play play that mobile game   Play play play that mobile game   Play that game your dead
i was misled into thinking this was a normal matpat episode      BC IT GOT AN EPIC ONE INSTEAD OwO
Yes.
To be fair tho, lily's garden doesnt even do that. Dont lump them in with the rest of these fake game ads. Lilys garden ads are basically a telenovela
Bruh 😂👌, peep 👨 this one 😤, like 👍 really 💯 peep 🐥 this one 🙅♂☝. No 🚫 more fortnite 💩. No 🚫 more cards 💳. No ❎🚫 more 19 🎤🦧🍼 dollar 💸 cards 💳. No 🚫 more trolls 👹. You 👉 been blocked ❌. Every fake ad in the world in a nutshell lol
Me who plays Genshin Impact : *chuckles* am I endanger?
If you see an epic stick its an epstick
I report every app that do this both to the app store and to the UK trade commission.
I actually miss annotations... god I'm old...
Here before a million views and 10,000 comments
EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC EPIC
Epic
my mom is on levle 3,000 on garden scaps
There is also 18 different games all titled “Hero Rescue”.  Bruh.
Ads? What are those? I use Brave web browser and haven't seen ads in over a year
Before watching: I hope this is illegal After watch: so it is illegal but nothing it going to happen to the people that do this... great
Someone created the generic choose the obvious solution ad as a game. It's called "Save the Girl". It isn't good.
Cant they get sued for using the footage of other games?
They are illegal
When a game has a misleading ad it makes me wonder what else they'd be willing to do to make just a little extra profit...
What ad did you see during this video?  I got "Kiss of War" and its crazy jiggle physics.
If matpat responds im gonna spill a intire botle of water on my head
12:19 I...I have that game
In other words, to quote underrated comedy duo Hard n' Phirm, that's not illegal.
my mom is on level 7849 on garden scapes and 4562 on garden home lol
Honestly the most frustrating part of those “key” ads is that the guy playing them is just stupid. Either that or it’s clearly impossible 50/50 really
My sister plays home garden to and she is in the 1000
Proud to be one of the many who played garden scapes back when it was a legitimately good game and not add spamming
Wait, can't the campany that had their game footage stolen just sue the other game?
How is crossing the road illegal
Is matpat a ad he made boring stuff like law study fun to read
I've haven't watched this video yet but I hope he says yes.
Ima use my Bell AH-1Z Viper and kill everyone else because they’re all medevil making me the most ***EPIC.***
Plot twist: the government is working for the adds
Honestly I’m just tired of games ads that are purposefully played horribly like ffs did you get a platypus to play this game just put the green thing in the green spot!
Who else has been questioning this for a while now...
i love your game Theorys
The hero wars ad got me, it's a completely different game but it's still kind of fun.
I’m trying to figure out who the stock photo guy is and why Matt likes bullying him
Oh thank god I thought you found out about my illegal mobile games collection
Odin is with us
My name is Alyssa too!
Cygames, ah yes, the god company
Ok then why would the Game be illegal? Like you referred in the title! The ads might be illegal but not the game. Those vague titles are a part of the reason I don't watch your videos actively anymore. Austin is great though
This is epic
Wait is dancybert working with you
I'm just glad to see a big video on these ads. Everyone else I talk to has no idea what I'm on about and it just makes me feel like I'm crazy XD
Watches game theory about misleading game ads gets ad for misleading game 😑
NOPE! Since I don't play mobile games. I haven't wondered about why they all have the same ad since I only see the Hero Wars one BUT I have wondered how they can afford to run so many ads.
Another example of something that is technically illegal, but not enforced, fanfiction and fanart.  Both illegal, but since the companies don't care (in most cases), it might as well not be.
Thanks Matpat. Keep fighting the fight for truth.
As I was watching the video I got the exact same ad with that fake Sasuke looking dude with the armor
Google needs to implement DMCA & content ID systems for advertising. So the devs of banished (for example) can file a takedown when someone uses their video or images.
I have started to check the reviews of these "epic" games before I download. Most of the time there's plenty of complaints about misleading information and I walk on to something else.
James was here 2 years ago :/
Matt you really should stop talking about how you have to follow the rules of declaring advertisers after the epic games thing. It was so extremely blatant, dude.
finally
I remember seeing an ad that explains all these misleading ads. According to that ad, they need to draw attention in order to make an audience
I feel kinda attacked lol. Ive played gardenscapes for like 7 years now. I remember seeing these ads and being confused cause i thought the creators of the game had made a different game, not just trying to amp up excitement for Gardenscapes. Which to this day ive only ever spent $15 dollars in.
i would like a game where i could submerge Austin (the guy from garden- and homescapes) in lava ... hated that guy. played gardenscapes some time cause the match-three here is not the worst. but Austin with his smugly face always made me want to punch my phone
0:59 everyone, it's true      Michael is Monika, which Monika is Sans
Bruh
Within an hour?
~Loser~
Probably the reason i had over 100 mobile games and instantly deleted them
Finally someone is trying to end stupid and really really cringe mobile game ads
1:16 or play Subway Surfers
EPIC stick
I miss the original Homescapes, that was an actual amazing game, but they took it away.
Day 1 of asking MatPat to make a Film Theory episode on Steven Universe
Me seeing the title: 🧍‍♂️
ad: 99.9999% OF PPL CANT SOLVE THIS!!! * shows a hard puzzle*               that was a lie, the puzzle is easy and the person playing the game in the ad found a path to complete the game and they just need to swipe one direction but they were dumb and swiped the other direction
No more clicks come from the X that is so damn small
5 dollars says most of these are developed in India, China, or Russia. Scam central to "stick it to the man."
I will say that some of those game models are addictive as hell. Like Coin Master, which is literally gambling. Its vaguely advertised with celebrity faces, just enough that it could be legal. But omg it's not.
This game? EPIC!   Download MS Solitaire today.
｡ﾟﾟ･｡･ﾟﾟ｡           ﾟ。        ｡ﾟ               ﾟ･｡･ﾟ         ︵               ︵       (        ╲       /       /        ╲          ╲/       /             ╲          ╲  /            ╭ ͡   ╲           ╲       ╭ ͡   ╲        ╲       ﾉ  ╭ ͡   ╲        ╲         ╱   ╲       ╲          ╱        ╲         ╱            ︶   ╔══╗♥  ╚╗╔╝♥  ╔╝╚╗♥  ╚══╝♥  ╔╗ ♥ღ♥ღ♥ღ♥  ║║╔═╦╦╦╔╗  ║╚╣║║║║╔╣  ╚═╩═╩═╩═╝  ╔╗╔╗♥  ║║║║♥  ║╚╝║♥  ╚══╝♥   ╱╱┏╮╱╱╱╱╱╱╱╱╱╱  ╱╱┃┃╱╱┳╱┓┳╭┛┳┓  ▉━╯┗━╮┃╱┃┣┻╮┣╱  ▉┈┈┈┈┃┻┛┛┻╱┗┗┛  ▉╮┈┈┈┃▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔  ╱╰━━━╯
If I can recommend you a mobile game: try Summoner greed. It's a tower defense. You get what you expect, and the ads are hilarious (literally memes and shitposting. I downloaded it after a "we paid for this ad please try our game" ad) It's simple but not easy to play. It's not a paid to win and the ads inside the game are not everywhere, you can watch them for coins and stuff but that's all. Character design and sound could be better but it's nice. Other mobile games that I happen to enjoy are: Team fight tactics, legends of runeterra and now lol: wild rift
Is is it illegal to be showing among us characters in the ad ? And in the games ?
Who honestly wants epic of stew as an actual game??
Can u do a little nightmares 2 theory matpat
Must admit, I've wondered about this myself for ages.  As an aside, I am so glad they've brought the theme tune back. It's honestly one of my favourite musical compositions of all time. The themed cold openings are good, but this is truly great.
I once in a blue moon download one of those games... and then never even open the app, because I have SO much other stuff to play.
Im Alyssa or Melyssa but youre lowkey not bright for spending that much time on a game like that
Lets make a match has left the chat chain
I'd like to see App Store using some kind of protection to limitthe trashy content of some games and the pointing only the good stuff.
I got a "Lily's Garden" ad in the middle of this video
I always wondered who tried their game pre-release cause they always say "99 percent fail"
elllooooooooooooouh 40 mins early #noticeme
not going to lie i was always wondering this. Thank you matt for taking the time to investigate it
I play Homescapes and Gardenscapes. I’ve seen those mini games one everyday! (I also played before those ads)
I’m starting to think YouTube is showing these annoying adds so we buy YouTube premium
That intro was perfect
yes i've been annoyed about it for a while... so cancerous.
ads are like the person who has the best joke and then everyone starts reusing it so it's not funny anymore.
This is why i H8 ads
What about my boy Dani who got his face literally stolen out of one of his game development videos and put on an ad
Hey could you please make a GOOD Hollow Knight theory.
The gardenscape and homescape ads seriously need to stop
👍🏽😂👍🏽 Epic epic epic your wife is epic everyone on walks for your channel is epic
Are meme ads fine?
Great to finally hear somone important actually talk about these. I groan so hard whenever I see them =/
Epic
How I wish I still had Dr Squatch soap ads instead of just the same FDA ads that say how bad smoking and vaping is. What I would give to have Dr Squatch back
It’s false advertisement leading in to a download that so it gets more popular and more click
I once saw this ad where it was a kitten who was crying on the road because of the dead mother cat and they saw the cat and saved it and buried the mother cat before jumping to a colourful colour matching game unrelated to the disturbing video beforehand.
Epic
965??? please, my mum is on level 1673. i'm not sure why that's a flex
I disliked it just to see the new design but i love the video and i gave you a like :D
And this is the reason why i have addblock for everything
I remember annotations! I used to use them at the start of my channel as a way to guide them to the next episode of a Series or whatever
I missed this intro and now it's back!!!!
Guardian tales is a good mobile game
Do a theory on dead by daylight
What about these YT ads with nudity in them?? Saw one just the other day with the silhouette of a girl giving a guy head.
Mobile ads back then were not a scam, nowadays you have ads that look too realistic or too cartoony than the actual product.
I still want to know one thing: If these mobile games steal gameplay footage from PC/Console games, can't those game companies sue them?
Thank you for talking about this. I have been frustrated as heck with this annoying ads. Hearing it be discussed at all is a breath of fresh air.
Would ads that steal footage from other games gameplay not be breaking copyright laws instead
Makes me remember of the days of shovelware games on consoles. Guess those moved onto smartphones.
Once I saw ad for candy crush like game with mans genitalia in advertaisment, yet it was in youtube
The looser whisper sounds like the one from bfb 1
I just love how at the end of every video GT puts a funny meme! Makes me laugh every time
does anyone remember the OG gardenscapes made for Nintendo and pc that was actually fun to play? there was no stupid 3 item matching but instead it was based on item searching in random scenes.
woah
😳😳😳
Game theory i found something in minecraft version 1.7 so disk 11 was there with disk 13 but what i realized that disk 11 was not broken at all hope this helps :D
Genshin impact theory?
funny how the ads arent the issue imo ITS THE FACT THAT THE PERSON PLAYING IN THE ADS ARE HORRIBLE
12:43 ... Pretty sure that should be ‘prosecuted’, not ‘persecuted’.
Y'all I did it... I reached the untouchable. The evasive. The impossible to acquire....    *P I N K C O L O U R*
Me when i read the title 'BUT SONIC RUNNERS REVEAL' but it dossnt have ads >:>
Alright sure the FTC is too busy to keep up with every app doing false advertising. But what keeps them from fining Google and Apple for the fact that they let these adverts propagate, even when they're reported for WAY longer than they should? I feel like this is still, in effect, a failure of upper management (The FTC) to hold their management (App stores like Apple and Google) as responsible for what their employees (these app developers) are selling to their customers (us). It's still blatant false advertising and someone should pay for it. There's chains of power to enforce these rules, they have the data!
Raid shadow legends: *intense sweating *
The sad part is kids these days have such low attention spans that they prob won't even notice their not getting what they were advertised (I have a 10 year old cousin I've seen it in action)
00:34 okay i’ve been meaning to ask who is the guy you constantly use as the image that represents the audience generically? You always use him who is he?
I hate the ads where the person plays wrong purposely just to get you to download and do better yourself.
Alright so i think its time to scam the scammers altho i quit my channel i might reopen in to install these fake and missleading games using the app store then lucly patcher or downloading it from happy mod to steal from the stealers bc theyre  being COMPLETE ASSHOLES. I usually dont do this but they deserve it. Dont they?
Theres this mobile  game company who stole video footage from a xbox exclusive game Forza Horizon 4
now do cash apps. there scams
Title: are your mobile games illegal? Me playing among us and other popular mobile games: 0.0
omg gardenscapes is a good game, but the ads are terrible, i's truly one of my pet peeves
I saw you talk about gardenscapes  my mom plays that game
5:44 "all" Laughs in Cygames, Mihoyo, and Yostar
honestly it's all the five year olds that just keep on clicking on the ads that's what makes the popular that sucks cuz there's actually some good mobile games that Call of Duty mobile Need for Speed Forza otherwise it's sucks sure there's some that I didn't list but most of them just suck
I'm currently watching the video, I'll tell you what ad I get when it finishes... Edit: It was squarespace lol
the fact that most game ads include a "not actual gameplay" at the bottom is just sad
Fun fact: Lord's Mobile does the same clickbait. check it for yourselves, then come back and like.
The only GOOD mobile game I played was fractal space, and even that was heavily influenced by portal 1, not copied mind you, it had good enough voice acting too, definitely recommend to anyone with mobile or someone who loves portal like me
Not related to the video but I hate the 'Only the people with _ IQ can reach the pink colour' ads. 😒
This ads suck, even actually good games like Arknights have made some of this braindead ads that I'm pretty sure scared away more people than they might have lured in.
On the thumbnail the phone is set to 9:42 AM, exactly one minute after 9:41AM which Apple always set their phones to onstage when presenting. I just thought that was cool, great attention to detail matpatty :D
THANK GOD that someone is addressing this! I HATE this type of misleading and dumb marketing! It just lowers the quality of games that are successful and reinforces why the mobile gaming community is seen so negatively by other gamers. I’m just glad that someone like Matpat is getting the ball rolling when it comes to questioning these business practices.
Isnt- isnt stealing footage from another game still illigal?
I've actually played garden AND home scapes waay before it started ad bombing on YouTube and it was exactly like candy crush. Also I didn't ever see those mini games
The intro was relatable like a lot-
9:28 yea but what about that time you didnt, you just mentioned it in the discription, was it 2013-2014????
196623 viewer
99% of people can't reach oxygen supperrr hard.
As i watched this u got a shity moble game ad
Man I love Gardenscapes
THIS IS WHAT I'VE BEEN THINKING FOR SO LONG
1:32 were some of those sounds editted or did it for real use the world of warcraft level up sound?
Basically they clickbait you
UK #1 In stopping scumbag advertising now we need them to ban the youtuber ads promoting stealing other creators content and 1hr+ unskipables
The Lily's Garden ads are cursed!
Haven't watched the episode yet but I'm going to guess it's probably about the false advertising, the predatory practices, the rigged gambling practices of some mobile games, but also how you can't charge these Developers for any of those crimes because you can't charge them for a crime of the US in their country
Nice Rick and Morty reference at the beginning Mat.
For the last episode of game theory the start should be the red ring of death
Whait he is a nerd but cool
The Ads themselves are illegal. Lol Kiss of War and Lust King (whatever it's called) definitely are; funny how Susan cares so much about children, yet allows ads like these to run. :/
Power players? Isn't it whales? That spend 💰
Brother it’s me Chris
Overall solution: Actually show game footage.
Alright everyone, time to go report every ad you see and see what happens
12:42  Crimes are "prosecuted," not "persecuted."
Be careful or be a bigger brain and go to the internet instead of the app store and well... You might strike gold if you know what i mean.
I hate Homescapes ads and I purposefully fail them to watch the dude die because the misleading ads are horrendous.
Nah I use YouTube premium now I got no cringe mobile ads
Those people who stole gameplay footage when they see this vid Those people: NO!!! STOP TELLING OUR SECRETS OR ILL SUE YOU!!!
"Be kind to each other, don't lie"    If only some of these people were told this as children.
thank you banished is on steam for 18.99$
FINALLY!!!!!!! SOMEONE WHO AGREES WITH ME. THANK YOU.(love your videos by the way:-))
Ok, so we know that this is legal by advertising standards, but what about copyright?  Some ads still used footage of a game that A. Doesn’t have anything to do with their product and B. Probably didn’t get confirmation from the original makers of the footage that their game is being used for advertising.
Literally as I clicked on the video a game ad popped up like "Ou hello, what topic are you tryinna watch"
The majority of ads -- mobile games, Internet providers, healthcare products, etc. -- rely on false advertising. For example, two-hundred percent _does not equal_ "two times *faster.* "
I'm getting these game ads as i am watching this....yep
Hey Google, can you just ban OneSoft Global's please? https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=5015266578532322195 Their Mario ripoff, Bob's World has ctual gameplay from Mario in their ad. How can Google Ai not detect that copyright infringement? 🤔🤦🏽‍♂️
epic
so what your saying is in order to get rid of annoying mobile ads you have to destroy capitalism got it
My side isn’t the left it’s the right
We need congressional punishment for false advertisements on mobile ads.
This is so 0:04
i remember putting these apps on a phone, found it years later, a pocket of cringe awaited
You play mobile games that are actually good:awesome You watch PewDiePie:ok You are a mobile gamer:awesome Pewds said mobile gamer not real gamer:sad U play tuber Simulator:gas gas
day 1 of asking mat to look at my email
There was a mobile add i saw that used the character model of Deathwing from World of Warcraft for its gameplay footage.
holy hek annotations  i wondered where those went tbh
Legal Theory, OOh Snapp
I’ve literally seen ads that use the Fall Guys Trailer for their app. The game was always a fall guys copy. That doesn’t seem legal to me
1:07 "Even game theory can't solve this!"  Me: Always has been 😂😂😂
Finally someone talked about this thanks
11:36 *_looks at glasses_* "well yes, but actually no"
Yeah. To be honest, with how awful the majority of those ads are, being painfully obvious that its a big ol` lie, really makes me alot more annoyed and tired of them than actually interested.
considering MatPat already opened the mobile gaming can.... I kinda wanna see him make a theory about Genshin Impact xD
"We're evolving, just backwards"
While watching this I got an ad for a mobile game
That's *EPIC*
AN AD ABOUT ME?!?!?!?!?!
I was scrolling you tube on a PHONE and what do i see? Someone FINALLY talking about these trash false advertising games >:(
The UK is the best, cant change my mind
Well I sure hope not
stop posting vids while I'm in school I can't watch it       I am anger e
The intro is more true than the word true
The toxic poo ad is way better than any mobile game ad I've seen
RIP Reply All
They should try and find the 15th wish Or, solve last exit
Uh oh...
they better be
I have seen those type of ads way way way to much sence k use mobile
Cod mobile players: we are built different
In simple words, Yes
It is called bait and switch and it is illegal. Now the type of people they are targeting are people who like to Pay To Win (cheaters) so there is that. The rest of us start playing the game and realize what it is and put it down.
Wow! Can't believe I'm this early- also great vid!
12:40 that is notable rule that applies to more or less everything
0:20 thats three words
7:07 I'm old enough
Who cares. Let's just focus on Raid: Shadow Legends right now and ban anyone from sponsoring them.
Okay in HHomescapesits a game that Austin found.
i dont play them
Mobile games use to be simple and good
1:12 I agree. His care for what type of soap I use is so real that I feel connected to him
Surprised that you didn't mention the fact that it's due to the ad-pocolypse  from a few years ago that YouTube gave a platform to these mobile game companies that was alot looser and cheaper.
It would have been hilarious if MatPat had a Raid Shadow Legends sponsorship at the end.
First hour
10:51 this is happening to me right now
I like the fact i got a bad mobile add on this video
what's the worst add you have seen, mine, my mo, my dad's and my brother's worst ad is h e double hockey sticks king "coin master" it's course, it's rough and it gets EVERYWHERE, ANYWHERE WE LOOK there is "coin master" ads
You know this is serious when there is an actual subreddit just for people to rage at the bald guy.  r/f "you" c k homescapes
The only good add is the gold fish ads I like them
How Dare They Use Banished!
You are right i saw almost ten ads from famous YouTubers
There's also the matter of if the games are made in other markets (China), it is harder or impossible to actually go after them, because of the different legal systems, and whether or not that government wishes to cooperate with the FTC.
what a lie...its not a theory its the truth
God I hate those damn ads so much. I purposely avoid games that I see a bunch of stupid ads for.
Theory Idea: What's the deal with those apps that claim you can win money by playing their games?   I used to see ads for those types of apps a lot (not so much now, but that's probably because I've reduced my gaming apps to "Old School Runescape" and "Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp").
11:16 Hey... I know that face...
7:05 Why did they have to remove that? Annotations were awesome and can give creators, even now, a cool way for users to engage with a video. #BRINGITBACK
The match with Markiplier would be cause enough for me to pay the 17.99
Good didn't destroy Friday night funkin
Hai guys, I just finished my b-day :)
Next channel: Law Theoryyyyy
People must be convinced to make the actual ad a game NOW
Nice Epic of Stew reference
STOP SPAMMING EPIC
Epic 7 is pretty good
EPIC
0:0 - 0:20 Davie504 wannabe
"whales"
Good question!
Dude the thing that matat is talking about literary happened to me like 10 times
Youtube premium (or whatever it's called) rejoice! No ads
100% they make the demo video infuriating so you’ll want to download and do the puzzle correctly
ok we can't get them for false advertisement but we should at the very least be able to get the ones that steal footage from other games for copyright infringement since that definitely isn't protected by fair use
I have YouTube premium so I only get ads from video games
Legal Theory should be the MatPat's 4th channel
Perfect example of misleading is kiss of war 😆
I got back to this channel and the intro is so cool
did thet not ban this type of adds at somepoint last year?
Finely pl someone who matters sais something about it
After a few years of it I downloaded 1 of them just because I thought it was true. It been there for years, no meme about it so alright. 1 second in I deleted it. I knew it was too good lol. Dang you lockdown boredom
Anyone's wondering which game the ads are inspired from, it is Henry stickmin, a short sweet game with replay value, just so you know
On the topic of mobile games Wil u ever do a theory on brawl stars or the clash games
I've always thought the mobile gaming space is probably the EASIEST way to generate tons of money
I mean it is illegal when I disguise my mass scam network as a mobile game....
Here befor 40 minute ago.
That opening could not be closer to the truth. Honestly all you needed was a game title.
hi guys I would like to give a quick shout out to our sponsor, raid shadow legend
Did you really call banished relaxing? I get so stressed from trying to not die in it. It’s insanely fun but really hard. Definitely not relaxing unless your doing the tutorials
I have seen all the ads I actually believed some of their gameplay but never downloaded any of them
Also because the government is filled to the brim with old people who never heard actually heart of the word phone in never
Play Summoners Greeds their meme campaign is far better than these
Did you know that most of the games with misleading adds are made by Russian companies.
Similar to your Logan Paul/Floyd Mayweather Boxing fight video. Could you do more sports themed videos for your Game Theory Channel?  An interesting one that could be great to do is the Theory that Ronaldo could have had seizures that could have killed him just days before the 1998 World Cup Final. Could they be other reasons why he missed out on the 1998 World Championship Game?  France dominated the final and won 3-0 to win their first ever World Cup Title on home soil.
Genshin Impact. Only losers pay. F2p ftw
Why would anyone think “New mobile game you can do whatever you want” is a good name for a game, even clickbait games sounds like they are true compared to this.
“are your mobile games illegal?” me whose gaming channel is built on mobile games: **sweats profusely**
if I see any ad is like that I will always report as scam          no mater what
You can do anything (you just have to pay £10 a week)
There’s a special circle in hell for people that create cringy misleading ads - someone
They make the trailers so good but the game is trash
Oh I know those type of games. It's false advertising. Being a mobile gamer myself I can relate to seeing these.  When the game doesn't match up to what's shown: 🤦🤦🤦
The worst part is that these games are apparently marketed for 4 year olds.
*Use me as your ‘Here before one hour!’ Ticket! It even works if you’re late!*
As a marketing artist in a mobile video game company I kind of agree with a lot what's shown here
guys first time im early to a video.
god that all the ads i been seeing all the time now . also gt now brought to you by raid "number 1rpg"thts on noone best rpg list ever
I got a Samsung ad at the end and I was hoping it was a mobile ad so I can say that I got a mobile ad at the end
I wish the app stores would be more proactive about these fake games
I haven’t watched the vid yet but I absolutely hope that mobile game ads are illegal
The intro of the video is the most accurate thing I ever say
One solution to this issue that the consumer can use is to report the game not to the FTC, but to Google. While the FTC has to go through the legal process and takes priority with misleading ads that cause damages, Google simply has to withhold ad space for the offending companies. To get Google's attention, users just need to report every misleading mobile ad they come across.  If enough people report the ads, Google (or whatever hosting platform) will take notice, and pull the ads in favor of ones that won't draw so many complaints.  Big tech companies rely on user feedback, so use that reliance to fight back against shady ads.
If Matpat was the announcer of mobile games, I would play those games
Whenever I see one of these ads on my FB I always take the time out of my day... ...to report their lying asses for misleading content. It may not get them removed, but at least it usually results in them being blocked from showing up in my flow another 20 times.
Man, I am so glad I am using my computer for watchiğng videos.
Level 1946 here on Homescapes.   Can confirm I’ve gotten maybe 2 or two more than Alyssa
Banished is a very hard game, first year is easy but after your food is finished it’s just a matter of time
The app creators put more effort into those ads than the actual game
NAHHHHHHHHHHH pubg mobile is fine
I just report those games for misleading information and or spam. Because honestly, they are. I'm so tired of seeing them.
1:30 I don't see them on YouTube, but I see them a whole lot on a really good game which had to give in to advertising them very heavily in order to keep their game from becoming Pay-to-play.
95% can't finish this video, watch to the end and you're a certified genius!
There is a good mobile game
It’s funny how some of *those* games (such as voodoo games) have a pay to stop ads option, but don’t know the power of airplane mode
Do why bowser turned into fury bowser
I get ads like these on pc
the natural “pay $8.00 to continue your wedding disaster 😭😭😭” scheme.  Also a good theory could possibly be that EA games are illegal. I mean, I bought the game, with money! Why should I need to buy add-one just to continue playing past level 10 or some junk like that!? That’s something the police need to handle, like, IT’S ACTUALLY ILLEGAL!
China has no copyright laws which is why these knock offs are so blatant :P
Wait... someone else hates Dr Squatch? Glory Days.
There was this game I used to play I can't remember the name but I remember the gameplay you were in a helicopter shooting down at zombies while allies were on the ground either eliminating another settlement or stealing supplies you then used these supplies to upgrade your base    Yeah it wasn't long until some generic RIP off came and its basically the same game without any graphics are any other gameplay besides the helicopter shooting
the epic sound like my uncle I not met over a year
Hilariously I got an ad for one of those games on this video XD it was something like Love and War or something, that one where a bunch of hot chicks fire guns at targets and get rejected and the one with the biggest booty gets picked for some sniping job or something. Missed the name of the game this time cause I skipped the end of the ad but I get that one a ton alongside Z Survival despite never even looking at eithers app page
We are alike A AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Totally not me laughing at the clip of Gardenscapes
Okay but literal art theft is happening? That’s more then the false advertisement that isn’t too big. It’s theft. Which is a crime.
I just report distasteful ads
I only see this videos for the intro. Still the best thing since 2017
Arknights is better
The real MVP is Hero Rescue for making our anxiety go away
Just got one of does adds
I remember there was a youtube channel who does complications of these fake adds, and then decide to make a game that actually plays like the adds   No idea of what the channel is called or what happened to the game
I once analyzed a crappy game ad for hero wars. One with the fight baddies and grow your tower. in the ad, it seemed that when you put your hero in a room with an enemy of a weaker value you beat it and add its value to your own. in the top corner is a dragon with a value of 9999. Based on those mechanics the highest you could get to was like 3500 using up everything else besides the dragon. So one it is not really much of a puzzle anyway, but two you can't even complete it anyway. at least most of the pin puzzles I have seen at least appear to have solutions.
MOBILE. GAME. ADS. ARE. ANNOYING!
Expected unskipable 30 seconds ad in the middle of the intro music. Disappointed. :)
bevor I start: for anyone interested there exists a programm called pihole for the raspery pi wich blocks all ad requests send from *any* device on the network piholeis installed in.   I'm honestly shocked everytime I hear about someone intentionally clicking, well any add. The only times I click on ads is when my sleep deprived brain lets go of my phone and makes my nose tap the screen or similar. I may just write the obvious for many people here but I never saw any ad that made me actually want to use the advertised app/car/whatever but more than once I actually stoped playing games because of ads. I do sometimes think when I see ads "hm they have wasted atleast 5 cents for me by now".
This ad kinda reminds me of the ad for WWE Raw or something Cartoon Network used to do. It started off like "Tuesday Tuesday TUESDAY!"
Yeah, I think like 99% of all Mobile games are just garbage.
I’m a mobile game. I don’t think I’m legal, nor do the kids in my basement think it.
plot twist: matpat did this video to explain evolution
I need an epic stick in my life so GIMME!!
Yeah, the adds are bad
I'm so happy you made a video on this. FINALLY SOMEONE  MADE A VIDEO WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I get a lot of Hero Wars ads featuring the character Galahad in the 'pin-pulling' "games" either trying to save Aurora the princess, collect gold, or defeat a goblin, but fails to do so because of the "player" making the dumbest decisions. I downloaded the game, was it what was advertised? The answer is *NO.* Instead, it was another one of those 'RPG' games.  Sometimes I wonder if humans are losing brain cells as the years go by...
Yes, I assure you that my ROMS And Emulators are very illegal.
omg a vid on TUESDAY? EXCUSE ME SIR THATS ILLEGAL! ONLY GT VIDS ON SATURDAY
Epic.
Couldn't we just send the add images to the game company's and let them deal with it (copyright infringement etc)?
Funny, I just opened youtube and, just over this video was one of those rescue the girl ads
I've screenshotted a few of these ads for how blatantly criminal they are, it's ridiculous.
11:29 STROKE OF GENIUS *Love Theory* with your host, MatchPat!
7:08 There are browser extensions that bring back annotations for viewing purposes.
EPIC !
This video started with an ad
Here before 1 MILLION VIEWS ooga booga
35 mins ago
I have no hope for the future in 2022 thanks to mobile games. :(
FINALLY A THING THAT KAKES THEM LOOK IDIOTIC
*Oh,i've been haunted by these advertisments.*
Mad respect for mattpat I'm sick and tired of these ads
I love how most mobile games have misleading ads and us genshin players are just chilling  Mat pat I will be waiting for a Genshin Impact theory
Convergent evolution is how Star Platinum became the same Stand as The World
Do Minecraft theory on Alex
*Only 5% of people can like this theory are you Good or bad?*
The intro: is this what it feels like  Me: YES
I figured the whole "99% of people can't beat this level" BS had something to do with showing someone suck at a very obvious and simple answer to the point the individual gets frustrated enough they go and install it to prove to themselves it IS just that simple to get past; and by then, they've already installed it and moving onto the next level where the game asks for money.
Hero recuse give ads me turn of wifi
gardenscapes has gotten a lawsuit for misleading people, so yes, it is ilegal
I remember he mentioned FTC when he talked about emoji movie
I miss when the company that made the scapes games was better, the game farmscapes was actually quite a fun game(garden scapes is alright as well, not as good as farmscapes was imo), and I don’t think had any false advertising
Aw man, I really wanted to play "Computerpunk 2099" on my phone! It has to be a sequel to the great new game "Cyberpunk 2077"! Wait, Cyberpunk 2077 is a glitchy mess? Nevermind... Side note: we don't get many of these ads in Europe. Maybe they're being heavily regulated because the EU doesn't tolerate that kind of shameless lying? I have no clue. I've only seen one of these ads and then never again.
Loved the rick and morty reference at the start
Ok ok but can we talk about those ads that are sexually explicit... Liiiike oh I dunno Kiss of War?
you should by an ad space and put the intro in it
99% of mobile games are illegal based on the ads they use
oh hello there
Play this vid at 0.5 spd at 0:07 and keep your eyes on the cat. rip flying kitty.😅🥺🐱
It’s legal cause you tubers can make clickbait LOL
Technically, 95% of player's can't beat the challenge if it's not in the game.
So thats how Mafia works!
Are they illegal?  No  They should be? Yes
aaahh cygames the master of grinding hell mobile game dev
Wow epic
2014: Ads were detailed and some interesting, but the game wasn't as good as the ad shown.  2021: The game is terrible but the ads are worse.
Why,  Just why.
Those ads are actually now band in the uk
computer punk 2009 probably has less glitches
Y'all should listen to reply all. It's a great podcast.
the longer the humans on earth the more retarded they become.
:0
I live enturnlly
Ohhh, that addendum explains why I still see these goddamn ads here in the UK. I thought they'd been outright banned, but it seems I was wrong.
EPIC!
These kinds of misleading ads have only increased my hatred for these candy crush type games. I already wasn’t fond of the gameplay BUT IF I DOWNLOAD ONE MORE GAME THAT TURNS OUT TO BE A TILE MATCHING GAME I WILL LOSE MY SHIZ
everytime a mobile ad pops up i take a special moment to cry what ads became
I'll be honest. I'm on level 2288 of Gardenscapes and I've never seen any of those "minigames" pop up even once
*sees thumbnail* yes
One word homescapes
Jokes on you I don't have games on my phone!
To true to true
Soooooo just use an ad blocker or pay for youtube premium, if you can't pay for premium then just resort to the ad blocker and if you want to support your favorite creators then it would be advised to tell other people about said creator or to give a donation to a patreon if they have one. Although mobile doesn't have a lot of ad blocking software or at least to my knowledge.
The police are coming for all of us. Its okay we can defend ourselves with *hot cheese*
that into was EPIC!
Thank you for finally covering this.
Banished? Thank you! Ive been looking for this game. I hate false advertisment
I thought the FTC could go trigger happy with the "fines" against the misinformative ads, Copyright infringement is also a thing that should've got them to act.
RARES are common, Change my mind.
I got a lily's garden ad on this video. Smh
What's sad is that those key puzzle games kind of look interesting.
What about the bingo games that say you’ll win thousands if you pay
Matpat is my online school
I learnt more from this than 3 years of marketing class
6:00 It’s evolving, just backwards.
Weak my dad is at lvl 2500 in homescape
TheOdd1'sOut be like:
Thank you for making this because I thought I was the only one who hated these ads for being misleading
I agree
The mobile games make people look stupid not because of the ".1% of people can't solve this simple af puzzle" because they get away with that bs and think people will actually fall for it and they do thats what makes people look stupid
Awesome intro
I literally just report those ads for being irrelevant. Yeah, you can do that.
I actually used to play Homescapes, Gardenscapes and that aquarium game (I forgot what it's called) a few years ago before this "fake add" trend started. Those games were actually fun, but now people just avoid them more, because of the fake advertisements.
Haha gardenscapes got put on blast!🤣🤣
I don't think the FTC or other law enforcement agencies should be the ones to regulate this. I think it falls on the app stores. If they get enough complaints about the ads for certain games, they should be banned or removed fullstop. I'm sure there is monetary incentive not to do this, but I can dream can't I? The other issue, is that it is dangerous to encourage companies to ban or remove content based on what might be false complaints.
I would really wanted to see that MatPat would say somethung about Age of Empires 2 terrible copies, where they say its continuation of classic, show familiar things to anyone who plays them, but in reality its so bad
0:43 Jerry..?!
Can you play nier replicant when it comes out? 👀 you dont have to just thinknyou might like it.
Who's down to lob a class action lawsuit against Google for their blatant false advertising and neglect to allow users to have their personal ads exclude those kinds of products? Because I'm sick of them.
9:45 In the USA...
Cat better than dog
I really like those sasquatch soap commercials
Guys mom said if I get 100 subscribers we can get McDonald's  please I need mcnuggets edit:it's a joke
It’s a true fact that 99.9% of all mobile games are trash
Mat, I'm already reminded I'm a loser. I don't need an app when I download it tells me I am.
Lmao got an ad for one of these games on this video.     Ironic
Why mobile ads exist: Ads stands for "Annoying Desprate Scams" Their desperate for money. That's not epic
HEH ALMOST EVERY ONE OF THEM IS
1% of the game: Gameplay 99.999% of the game: ADS  I downloaded a game that gave me an ad FOR EVERY BUTTON I CLICKED EVEN THE X
That video *EPIC*
if only these ads weren't so ugly... or have terrible voice acting
I have seen so many of them with false advertising it doesnt matter anymore
Get danny gonzalez
I got a add for a game and it just put a clip from modded TABS from a youtuber I watch.... It also was a rip off of a game 20 years ago........
Probably because of how annoying they are
I was waiting for someone to point this out and I am happy that you did.
Right those squares that lead you to a site i remember those, they were cool, you can see them in animation vs YouTube
I'm so glad you made this. Been wondering about false advertising mobile ads for years now
"Prosecuted," not "persecuted."
Would you believe me if I said I got one of these ads? 😂😂
Those "stealing game trailers" ads remind me of Bob's world (or "super-mario-unity")
Ughhhh I hate these ads for mobile games, thanks for making this video on this, it's funny honestly though
can confirm, banished is amazing <3
At least Honkai Impact's ads show actual gameplay or update/event teasers.
maybe a theory on the story of Loop Hero could be interesting.
Bro I did not know this was posted
i thought this was food theory for a very long time. why.
One day I’m going to become a game developer and make a actually good game that doesn’t mislead the players.
The "Epic" trailer is way better than the usual "the kid is thirsty give him something" and the ad gives him a brokem glass with acid
Wait, I remember I chose a top annotations back then. Also that annotations were used for subs for anime posted in YouTube
Pyrocyinical in the background: THIS IS SO EPIC!
I got a ad where it said "I can't reach pink color!" AND THERE WAS LITTERLY NOTHING TO DO WITH ANYTHING THAT WAS PINK.
I remember annotations, I like new system, but I think you should be able to put it anywhere, not just end of the video
I like you
Wa......was that a Jerry looser wind whisper i heard there Mr Matpat? I know my Rick and Morty references dont lie to me.
The Scapes is the only ones i experienced this
965....Pathetic!! My mom is 7839lvl.  AYO MOM CHILL
Oh hey this video is new, I miss the Super Amazing End Card Tournament, even if I never got to participate. Why did YouTube remove all these cool features again?
Match can't be trusted? Then which dating site is reliable?
Matpat
i got a lilys garden ad lmao
There is a different pull the pin game that is just terrible
FINALLY! I've slowly been watching these ads spiral into boarder line moronic rubbish and have been wondering if anything can be done about it. Isn't there an independent commitee that regulates this stuff similar to how they are required to put age ratings? Or is this just gonna fall through the cracks of a loophole....
That Air right there IS EPIC
I love how you added Lily’s Garden XD
"Be kind to each other, don't lie"  If only some of these people were told this as children.
Bruh. I got a lily's garden ad while watching this
This is for intro 010100110111010101100010011100110110001101110010011010010110001001100101001000000101001001101001011001110110100001110100001000000100111001101111011101110010000001101111011100100010000001000111011011110010000001010100011011110010000001000010011100100110000101111010011010010110110000001010 lol
Matpat the intro clip was too scary, can we have a behind the scenes plz
I wonder how much this video will effect the mobile game industry🤔
These type of ads make me sick
I knew it! My friend has Gardenscapes downloaded before the fake ads were online and I knew it was fake but I didn`t know that there were so many fake ads for mobile apps! I feel betrayed by the humanity itself!
Must mobile game ads don't even look like the actual game, so yeah illegal. They are all doing false advertising
Late 2000s mobile games: Fun mechanics,never seen ideas,simplistic but good looking art style  2021’s mobile games: Omg I can’t beat this!!11!1!1!1!1😱😱🤣🤣🤣🤣😬😬  It’s-evolving-just-backwards.jpg
yea i was thinkin why do they do this and if its illegal
My mother plays homescapes and is at level 3517 and got that minigame 5 times
*Can we sue bootleg mobile games now?*
can ú make video about how steve can walk, climb,swim hours of strake?
The Westboro Baptist Church of gaming apps (x testing the limits of the law.
Homescapes man is annoying and I hate his lazily made games.
hes one of the best youtubers and thats a fact
I had an ad like one of these on the video
Gardenscapes is fun thank you! Way better than candy crush
Clicked on this while downloading Epic Conquest. lol
Calls my lawyer* My lawyer:hello? Me: its me. My lawyer: oh God no, what is it this time?? Me: I want to sue a metric-ton of mobile game developers for false advertising! My lawyer: Me: My lawyer: let frickn DO THIS!!!
Didn’t theodd1sout cover this but got cancelled for it
this is just hweres my water
one of the videos that I wanted someone to make and MatPat provides
That EPIC opening, especially the stick, sounded like a Vanoss intro
*99% of people can’t like this comment!*
Guys, play wordscapes. Its good.
"Back in the day when youtube had annotations" i felt that
This has been a question I was asking for so long, thank you for making this
They sponsor Archero so badly on Facebook I’ve had that game since 3 years ago and it plays awesome for a rogue lite but they advertise it so stupidly now
It’s just to scam kids into downloading the cheap games and trick them into watching ads so the company can get as much ad revenue as possible. It truly is evil and pathetic.
Ad theory
0:01hmmmmm yes this add made of add
*the fact that this video has no ads*
I got and ad that was literally the marvel Spiderman game cover but Spiderman was photoshopped yellow and it was called super ninja frog warrior or something
I have been seeing ads that immedinanly go to their store page
I actually had to sign up for YouTube premium because every ad I got was the same mobile game ad, but for different companies (I hit stop seeing more times than I could count)
There is a solution to play a mobile game without ads     Just turn off your wifi
I love where's my water, a pull key puzzle game would sell soo muuuuch lol
What about copyright laws? I mean some of those ads are using videos from other games right? Isn't that illegal?
i hate those facebook ads I REALLY HATE THEM
GAFA really needs to step up their solutions to report misleading adds, for this and abusive dropshipping.
'Epic'
These ads make me want to kill the game rather then buy it
Hello
don't make misleading ads, or else...
Game theory probably just took down thousands  criminals with one video, respect
Those ads are beyond irritating.
Anybody remembers, the super end card tournament i feel old @matpat
Twitter would also have these "games" advertised only for me to find on youtube what it is and is completely different
People need to collaborate to shut these games down. Hundreds of people need to download the game, and instantly buy the boosters without playing the game. Then the hundreds of people need to file a joint lawsuit against the company for false advertising, saying that they spent this money on stuff that was not in the ad.
This is actually bad for every single mobile developer who were advertising on some platforms for a while. For example while we have these misleading ads trying to bait people to download their game, we have good games on the other side.
It is! Love Banished! Absolutely amazing! Wish my pc wasn't made of stone, then I could play it again.   Taking donations. Lol
got home from school gonna relax- ooh new game theory!
What ad did you watch before watching this video?  Write here.
I hate it when I get these ads I’ve seen the old ads before the pull the key ones so I know it was a scam I hope they change the way they advertise
Let's start a movement on reporting those ads
Finally a theory I can dig with
Ha! I got so tired of it I bought YouTube premium
Finally someone talks about this sort of thing. It’s incredibly annoying when you see games taking contents from other games and promoting it for their game that isn’t actually what was promoted
ONLY 0.3% OF PEOPLE CAN PASS THE FIRST LEVEL
for me i just dont care i never click it
Great its a spider man pointing another spiderman meme but mobile
I usually give them a dislike, a 1 star and tell them horrible stuff in the feedback section in the play store
I'm kinda disappointed he didn't say the fact that mobile game ads goal is kids.
Bruh I did a battle commentary and it got copyrighted but these ads aren't getting copyrighted or having anything done to them
It honestly makes me sad that these companies resort to such disgusting means of advertising their games. Say I see an ad for gardenscapes and I think " yeah that looks cool " and so I download it and see it's just a match 3 game. I'm not gonna keep playing it because I was lied to.
I legit was afraid to touch the screen to pause this thinking it would take me to the App Store.
MatPat derserves his own TV-Show.
When I heard "Loser" in that intro I could only think of Jerry Smith after he was relieved of his security check by a coyote.
Alyssa be crazy willing to play those games
I'm proud to be british due to the last part
Just finished the video and what do ya know - I got another fake game ad.      And speaking of mobile game ads, I’ve only ever seen ONE game ad that look really cool and awesome and after much consideration, decided to give it a try and by the heavens it was all true. Their ads did not lie and the game itself is effectively a console game and from what I understand actually has a console version. It’s called Genshin Impact. I’m not saying anyone should play it, like I said, it’s the only big mobile game that didn’t lie in their ads. The company Super Cell (who has made Clash of Clans, Brawl Stars, Boom Beach, and Hay Day) have also been good at not lying either. They have some cool animations and in most cases show actually gameplay alongside them. Either way, don’t left yourselves get fooled by the liars.
#relateable
DUDE the super amazing end card tournaments were some of my favorite things about GT videos and I was so sad when you guys stopped doing them 🥺🥺🥺
Matpat should do an episode of genshin impact the only mobile app that uses its own futage of the gameplay and its not misleading also very nice story and many theory's you could do
Awesome, I’m so glad Mat is covering this shite.
Pubg mobile is the only cool game on mobile
The ads for these mobile games are just as misleading as that title and thumbnail. Love you matpat, really do, but come on the game isn't what's illegal it's the misleading ads that are illegal
7:07, I remember that.
Email the FTC this video
EPIC GAMER TOOL
Lol imagine if the video was sponsored by a mobile game-
Sad thing is it s that apple approved these games
I remember annotations. They were more often amazing and helpful, in my experience. But apparently enough loud audience hated them appearing, either because video makers would fill the screen with endless annotations.
I mean, there are a few companies that are true to their ads.
1:13 i make it a point to watch his ads all the way through cuz they funny😂
Except evolution is a lie.
Does anyone remember the "Super amazing end card Tournament!"?
"Whatever happened to truth in advertising?!"  *The Pharmaceutical Industry has left the chat*
Thank you!! Glad that was finaly addressed. Thought it was just me
But these Companies are Making Money out of Users because their games are Full of Ads. So they are making money out of their false advertisements? And that's Legal? Nah uh, sir.
The only ad I happily watch Lilly garden, it's fun to watch, but the ads do suck so much
My mom is on level 4936 on garden scapes. Wow
The worst thing about this is that people actually click on these obviusly fake ads
Matpat plz make a fnaf vid plz
*E P I C*
Sometimes I don’t feel like acing the man
Also that first game sounds like MOBA MOBA MOBA MOBILE VR v17 GOLDEN FLEECE EDITION from Journey to the savage planet, one of the commercials.
I totally downloaded gardenscapes a few months ago because of those adds and deleted it immediately after realizing that the pull the key gameplay was harder to find than just a few taps
matpats loser whisper: similar to BFB 1. bfb 1s loser whisper: LOL
Mario is going to die tomorrow
Somehow, the best kinds of mobile games are the ones that don't advertise themselves
This is something mobile game companies should definetly be watching.     And while were at an ad topic, could they please, stop with all those smoking and braces ads!? First off, the smoking ads straight up appear everywhere it drives me nuts,  ok i get it,  you don't want me too smoke, stop reminding every second or im going to start smoking because you keep telling me that! And on of the braces ads ive seen show a girl with invisalign eating food in front of a girl with braces. It's straight up shooting a message "ha ha,you suck because you cant eat you favorite foods you ding us!" Like really, that ad seems to be very insulting to me and i don't even wear braces!
"See that stick EIPC"     -mat epic pat 20epic21
I have a mobile game where when I go into airplane mode it somehow still gives me ads  It was either Hungry Shark or Granny Something I played years ago I still have on my old iPad
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO COVER THIS!! IM SO EXCITED!
Not only gardenscapes and homescapes, but also fishdom. So many of these stupid copies.
I came to the channel a few years ago for meme videos on if Mario is a murderer. Now I stick around for the in depth looks at how video games companys operate, if its legal oh and of course FNAF lore.
No hate for hero rescue! They actually made the game people were asking for. The ads are Annoying but at least they’re mostly skippable
I love that intro SO MUCH!!!
With the annotations you mentioned, yes I remember them, and are you talking about the "super amazing end card tournaments"?
i would be more LEGAL by manually making my own ad that perfectly represents the game for example: ad: stick man with a sword called ‘guy’ attacking red stickmen with swords and a purple stickman with magic game: stick guy with sword and shield fighting red stickmen and on a quest to kill a purple dark mage out of revenge *C with a circle around it* (means this is copyrighted)
The ads for lily's garden are so entertaining tbh. I'd never play the game but I don't mind watching the mini soap opera that is her life. XD but yea, pretty much all mobile game ads don't represent anything about the game anymore.
Get your early tickets here
I got a lily's garden ad on this video 😔
I have YouTube premium and only pay a dollar for it. Idk why but at least I don't have to watch mobile add anymore
This is why AdBlock exist
This is why I only download mobile games that my friends recommend me. Because I can never tell who's showing me a real add or not.
That intro was EPIC. When are you gonna make it into an actual game?
There's no stopping game theory
Clash Royale really is.
Split: A: A/B B: Split
Last time I was this early, Gardenscapes had truthful ads.
Im gonna start only clicking the bottom right corner of YouTube videos lmao
And the fact that you need to WAIT for the ad to play out is very infuriating or sends you to the app store because you can't press the tiny X
Congratulations, you're part of the reason I used to install browser add-ons specifically to block annotations.
oh no I saw Lily’s garden please no NO NOOOOOOOOO
Nice rick and morty reference right before the intro!!!!
Also mobile games putting .io in their names despite .io meaning internet only and being a domain.
I got a same ad for kiss of War were it was girls shooting at a target why would youtube allow this?!?!?!
Why do I only get ads like these and I fall for them every time even tho I know they are fake
What I hate is seeing an ad PERFECTLY animation. I'm talking 3d graphics and perfect affects. And then upon downloading the game it's 2D with garbage graphics.
Alyssa : I'm level 965! My mom: *pathetic*
Welp this site called Nutaku at least has good connect 3 games
Honestly, been seeing these ads sooooo much, I've been clicking the small "I" in the bottom left corner to pop up the google info, then "stop seeing this ad", and for the reason why, "repetitive" I only hope more folks do this too till google sense that the ad is starting to wear on folks or start charging the media companies push this repetitive manipulation a whole lot more...I mean...I'm fine ignoring a repetitive ad if it's putting more money in the pocket of people I enjoy watching.
I have been taking pictures of these ads on the computer website for multiple months. glad someone else is talking about it.
You know what game isn’t misleading? Genshin impact 😏
I have been waiting for this video for forever. I think about it every time I see a phone game app. Never what you are expecting is what you get.
RN I seriously want to sue those companies.
The first mobile game that I downloaded and play is called Dragon City, which I was hesitant on because there is a webcomic of the same name...which I learned to hate when I asked about their feelings about 9/11/2001 (The characters live in Chicago but, their answer sounds like it came from the other side of the ocean).  Fortunately, the mobile game is nothing like the webcomic.
Theory Suggestion: A Fortnite Theory when you talk about the Spire, Midas, And Raz.
Finally, someone's talking about this.
When you get a add exact like the one in the video
My poor friends have to listen to my rants on bad phone adds on a regular basis. As much as I enjoy Gardenscapes I hate the ads so much.
Some ads are straight up just hate crimes imo
one of these days, you need to say "but hey, that's just a highly supported theory confirmed by the creators 6 times over."
I've really been thinking about this soooooo much lately, every time i see those commercials...Thanks for talking about this!
7:03 You're telling me there are people that DON'T remember those?
ôwô
I am going to ban ads on any apps I make, I hate ads, and so does everyone, so I'm not going to force people to watch trash every 5 minutes
One word. China.
First the Emoji movie, now this? Oh boi FTC, Mat coming for ya lol
I tried one of those games and I literally ended up spending the majority of my time watching ads.
There's a reason I pay 10 bucks a month on YouTube to not see that crammed in my face 24/7
Me who has pirated minecraft: perhaps
"Raid shadow legends"
yeah mobile games suck but u gotta admit that you play them when you’re bored and theres no service
When you false advertise
I got just the right ads to this video... LOL Also, I immediately thought of Raid (false advertising, bought reviews and Youtubers)
Every game developor of ads POV:oh no he found out!
The one thing that brings gamers together is the X button  One guy: Mobile users don't have an X button!  Well the ads they have to close do.
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates♦️
I am so glad this was a topic because I've also thought "is this even legal?" and as someone in the UK (as you mentioned at the end) I have in fact noticed how they've had to put a disclaimer now and I find that hilarious! I still absolutely believe what they're doing is absolutely ridiculous and deserves more than just a slap on the wrist! Whenever I see the ring pulling like ad I just am like "you're not fooling me" and just wait it out.
I've always hated the ones that advertise a completely different game the most. Sure, I hate the "NoBoDy CaN sOlVe ThIs PuZzLe" ads, too; praying on perfectionists' psychological desire to prove 'em wrong (nice try, btw, devs; I might be a completionist/perfectionist/OCD, but I'm not stupid >:3), but at least you can say that they're there...somewhere...eventually. Honestly, if anything, the ads that use stolen/faked footage should be held accountable for art theft more than anything, which in my eyes is MORE egregious. We can argue up and down that these adverts are misleading (which is different from false advertising, or lying, basically), but stealing someone else's work and claiming it as your own is the fastest way to lose all respect/credibility; let's at least agree on that. :/
gvgn
As my teacher always told me in my advertising and marketing class, "Sometimes you gotta lie, lie like a dog."   Boy... he wasn't kidding...
Legend of fake ad: Mafia City
When you false advertise
you are the best
but why does google allow these ads that can play copyrighted music, porn and other
10K says these mobile "developers" are from a country that flagrantly violates international advertising laws and just gets away with it. * Stares obviously at a certain country with an unscrupulous government *
The real crime is the fake x button that or “uuuuuuugggggghhhhhh I cant add 1 + 1 this game is soooooo hard if you know 1 + 1 = 2 you have 900,000,000,000 iq but no one can beat this”
*uploaded before 24* "oh he uploaded a day ago" **minutes** ":O"
Ah, Alyssa, you play those games too? Excellent.  I do hope you don't "Pay-2-Win/Compete" as most people do and just play it casually as I do.
Pokémon go must be illegal
Is it just me, or is the intro person Matt Shea? For context, he reviews mobile games.
Remember when people actually put effort into mobile games?
Is this a stealth Epic 7 ad?
When he said everything is epic I said "he's also epic too"
So since it's a mobile game, Alysa got to lvl 965... in one day
that stick? *EPIC*
wait EPICEPICEPIC isnt a word... silly mat pat! insert comedic laugh here
i rmemeber when home scapes and garden scapes had normal adds and to be onest i was bummed out  when i found out they started making these types of adds its a desent game but i now stopping myself from  re installing again becous of those adds
Looks like fake advertising doesn't apply to these mobile game company. Capitalism at its finest.
I highly doubt the ads all converged to the same design. If we look at the art, it like exactly the same. Almost like it was all made by the same person... because it probably was the same company contracted out to make this same CGI garbage. Also I'll be holding you to this script next time I see a mobile game ad on any of your channels
Why it seems that you talk about scientific topics I learned in my science class at the beginning of the day
"What the hell is a mobile game?"  -George Washington
Bruh why do games make ads but that's not what the really is like
Imagine MatPat doing a smash dlc theory
3 yess
Yeeaah ima just go play blood & glory.
There is also a trick in mobile games that it shows a person playing a game and failing in a very easy looking level to make you buy the game and do better than the app.
I love how he ends the video with "don't lie", but Austin is allowed to get away with lying about releasing the next 'richest game character' for a year and a half now
I downloaded one of these games as a time killer. They literally reused levels instead of making new ones. There was no level progression or anything.
0:42 i think this was related to gardenscapes, it's a good game, but the ads are... BAD... I mean, EPIC
UK Advertising Standards Authority is much stricter ... and will prosecute false advertising regardless ...
that why i dont see those 13:20
If i saw that ad before ANY video on youtube, i would watch it to the end and click it IMMEDIATELY! That's some damn good advertising!
I saw an ad about a Wild West mobile game and it was literally just Red Dead Redemption 2 gameplay
ironic that i had a fake game ad while watching this video
I am old enough to remember the annotations, MatPat. I miss those days
Ah, the banes of my existence especially since I mainly watch YouTube on my mobile devices. Nice episode.  Anyway, here’s an idea for a theory. FFX/X-2: Could Vegnagun beat Sin?
11:19 oh you have EmAil too! its from the company EA
I played Mobile Games very briefly and stopped when I realized that they're all built around required gambling. If you need any further evidence that Mobile Games are specifically designed for addicts, look to the Advertising that is built to appeal to "Power Players," the ones who are most addicted to the product.  Mobile gaming is dishonest and every real game developer knows it. Big companies don't care because all they see is cha-ching. Remember: Their bottom line is their investors. Not you.
1:38 or do the eddy move, scream into a pillow.
"The relationship can only be described in 1 word: EPIC EPIC EPIC!" Me: wait a minute that 3 words...
early!!!!!!!
Bro I just saw an ad like that 😩
They didnt get banned in the uk i still see them all the time
it's not the mobile version, it's on the youtube plataform, the pc version also has this stuff
Finally, someone talks about these,  thank you ou hopefully everybody sees
Finally Someone touches on this
This video is sponsored by     _Raid Shadow Legends_
I always said is this legal thank you Mattpat for answering the questions that need to be answered
FTC jr just like FTC but does the little things that FTC wont deal with
Here is me.  Listening to this video while playing Pokemon Go. I am Infinity brain!
The mafia boss has passed away  Take control.                      Steal family  DOWNLOAD AND PLAY NOW!!!!!!!
My father's also playing gardenscapes, he's level 2056
11:16 how you can date markiplier irl and not just in the videos
Ok
I got one of these ads for this video
It’s always a DAMN MATCH 3 GAME!!!!!
I remember YouTube annotations I also remember when it’s app icon was a brown tv exactly like this tv emoji 📺   That’s some good ol nostalgia when DanTDM’s Minecraft videos and angry birds were some of the biggest powerhouses of YouTube popularity   When almost every video game montage played Paralyzer by Finger Eleven  If I could go back I would, back when you can post anything you want and everyone wasn’t so sensitive
Why is the like and dislike hidden
If you guys want to play the moving keys game, I'd suggest "How to Loot". The game is legit, and more difficult than it seems
just make book theory
Man I do really miss annotations
Finally someone made this video
Anyone else feel like they've  seen this before?
Looking at title. Playing Final Fantasy Brave Exvius while living in Belgium .......>.>   <.<
This video is bought to you by Raid:Shadow Legends. Come play this game, we lied to you about what our game is, but we lied the least
Mat woke up and chose violence
That intro made me physically sad
dats why i only play subway surfer on my phone                and RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
"An epic adventure awaits in your pocket"  Matt ffs, there are children here!!!
SO glad you are finally covering these
EPIC
epic
If the FTC won't enforce those rules, (Loads shotgun with Dragon's Breath(basically incindeary rounds for shotguns)) *I will.*
Matt I love your videos but man a FNAF video is way overdue😂
My birthday is tomorrow
Does anyone get those ads that look like a mini game but once you tap on the screen it bring you to the app store
Or the mom vs dad ads
Before this I saw a mobile game with alot of jiggle physics
omfg i just noticed the ruining your childhood since 2011 oml
I hope those things gone forever because each time look at those misleading ads make me lost hope on humanity intelligence
I feel a lawsuit about to happen
RaId ShAdOw LeGeNdS  Totally not a p2w game
epic
Everyone knew this theory would come true someday because we ALL hate these type of ads
I'm sorry? Where is the legal issues for stealing copyrighted material, that can destroy peoples career, and entire life? I m
As a person who has used Wattpad, I have seen basically everything
And people wonder why mobile games have a bad reputation
I don't like mobile game ads.
Me reading the title: finally. FINALLY!
I do hate these ads
Mobile games are illegal           If they get caught
At least we have good mobile games like plants vs zombie roblox kind of and Minecraft
Not long ago, a YouTuber made a real version of one of these games. It was only 3 levels, more of a proof of concept than an actual downloadable app. But it was a nice step.
Law
I have YT premium so I haven't YT ads in like 2 years now but those type of games are no fun at all XD
Using an ad that shows gameplay that isnt even related to it is like, advertising a  Ferrari then pulling up with a bottle of bleach.
I have a add blocker
My mom plays grandsvapes and im sorry for her lol
hi
Dang
Shout out please Mat?!
Mobile Games has fallen from what they used to be 10 years ago
Persecuted?  Wouldn't prosecuted be a better fit? Maybe I just need to look up Persecuted again lol.
MAT PAT PLEAS SEE THIS I LOVE YOU
There are some cool games but they don't advertise
I love the amount of easter eggs from different games in this video
Brawl stars thers a story thers a THEARY AAAA GAME THEARY
I dunno man I don't play those...      Things
There should be podcast version of these theorys somwhere like in Spotify.
The Game Theories once again coming back to save me from the  boredom of being in quarantine. My hero!
I’ve been wondering when this theory video would come out.
playrix used to make good games too like aquascapes i remember playing that for hours
This is honestly so gross to me. Why can't people just make a cool game. Like do people just have no passion. These people a capitalist scum who have no love for creativity and really need to find a passion rather than scrounging around like rats for money
I thought he was going to talk about some of my favorite mobile games, thankfully it was just the scummy ones. I mean at least people are talking about it on a large scale but that probably won't do much :/
Nepal
why do they literally show a fun looking game but not have the game be the same like just make the game the same as the ad
This is so true  Gardenscapes the biggest example  Matpat love your vids  Also
The only time where I was early
To be honest, those ads are not only just misleading but also annoying as heck.
For how shitty most of them are they should be.
I tried to report those, but just doing that is a jungle on google, So "Google Report" is less game than those "minigames" or ads
Really miss good ads with the actaully product being advertise, mobile are really much of a joke these days.
I love the little springtrap funko pop in the intro.
Of coure it is but yuan gets what yuan wants
I’ve never been this early 😳
You know, maybe they'd appeal to more people and make more money if they just... made fun games?
i love banished, it is hands down one of my favorite games
Let’s also not forget a massive chunk of these shitty mobile game companies are essentially content farms: they make the most money on quick turn-around re-skinned games, and will continue to keep producing them until it is no longer beneficial to them
Moblie games today are just horrible
Praise God 🙏🏾
I literally got one of these adds while watching this video lmao
Am I the only one who thought it was normal for a game ad to play while playing another kid?
I FouNd A gaME fOR buDdYS
He forgot that a lot of mobile games are straight up ripping youtube content without the creators permission or compensation.
oh hey im early
The transactions should be
11:16 IS THAT MARKIMOO IN THE PFP
An ad theory
bro viva la revolution or whatever that means just rebel and play subway surfers and cut the fricking rope
I mean the only mobile games I have are minecraft and among us
Unfortunately the first amendment protects them (disclaimer I’m writing this at 3:19 I’m sure I’m wrong and excited to see how)😁
I guess what somebody badmouth Matt back in 2019
I’m glad that someone proved the existence of annotations. I thought they were a figment of my imagination when I was a kid.
The only mobile game I play is Clash of Clans
Ty for making this, so I can explain it to my 6yo.
remember when mobile games used to be good 2010's?
What about Marvel contest of champions
No joke a few minutes before I watched this video, I got an ad for Idle Heroes that blatantly used Undertale music as a background track. I couldn't tell you the track name, but I definitely know that it's from Undertale.
Glad you made a video about this. It’s a topic that’s been driving me insane for awhile now.
I like the Scribblenaughts graphics :D
The sad thing is that Gardenscapes and Homescapes used to have honest ads. Then they started used the horrible ads.
somehow each episode happens to cover what i’m learning in Science.... right now it’s natural selection/evolution
lol
I hate games like that!
I am pretty sick of mobil game ads, like "I get it u suck move on"
Not fun fact: This type of misleading mobile game ad trend started in Japan and China
Matpat noo, Banished is not an relaxing game. It's an extremly and I can't stress this enough EXTREMLY hard game.
The reason a lot of people download these games from the ads, they make the ads so simple, but make the player fail, so the person that is watching the ad gets annoyed, so they download it to show how easy it is.
It's funny how the water minigame ads came out right after Where's My Water got taken down
What mobile games? xD
That explains a lot. Thanks for that. This was really driving me nuts.
I've finally got some of your merch, I've been watching you for ever
Me:    *Already owns Banished and agrees*
E
Media to adds: i sleep Media to video games: Real s#it!
Where is Mafia ctiy or Grand Mafia?
me reading title  probably
Fixed your title: Are *Fake* Mobile Game *Advertisements* Illegal?
I use vanced... so no ive never seen ads in the last year xD
Got an ad for a one of these games while watching this. How ironic
3:49 I know Matpat said that, but that's strange we can see cursor in a mobile game ad.
Me seeing the vid  title: finally someone gets it!!
/  / ]
Most mobile game ads should be sued for false advertising, like if you agree
Epic
Pretty long theory
I'm also having a problem with those mobile app games, that keeps appearing on youtube, their so stupid, most of the mobile games that I keep getting are nothing but misleading, stupid, evil, illegal, cringe, and inappropriate. I hate those so much. I can't stand those app games adds, the only one that is fine is "Mario Kart Tour", and "Pokemon Go", which they are the only ones that I'm fine with.
A bluefire approves of this video
I've only seen the misleading thing in American Mobile Games . Haven't seen a Japanese Mobile game add but still I think the Japanese will be more honest than Any American
the entire concept of advertising makes me want to jump into a volcano. i understand how it can help, but when you have more ads being consumed than content, it's pretty clear to me that there should be some massive reconstruction done on the whole ad industry
lol imagine being a mobile gamer
Me realizing that when it comes to giving someone something they need to solve a problem is basically the gameplay of Scribblenauts. Finally, I can be satisfied with something I spent money on years ago
Ads should be illegal. full stop. if people want something, we have search engines to help us find it. we don't need ads telling us what to buy.
Elisa hasn't played long
4th channel: conspiracy theory Debunking stupid theories lol
Can you do a theory on little nightmares?
I’ve been waiting for someone to talk about that ad
3:41 I died Both inside and outside
Interesting video 7:14 ...
A toast very much approves of this video
Imagine if they try to copystrike  you matpat...
0:18 those are 3 words -_-
E P I C
RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS!!!
Why do -animals- ads keep evolving into -crabs- pull the pin? Convergent evolution.
Remember when Angry Birds dev said mobile gaming is the future or something... They are more despicable and awful then ever.
The only mobile games I play is codm
If I see a mobile game ad, I just immediately assume it's either bad or fake, mobile games are trash
You should do a theory on the room games
It’s also really annoying with those ads that say “YoU cAn WiN 1 mIlLiOn DoLlArS iF yOu SpIn ThE wHeEl”
we are fricking apes being played by thousands of companies and their algorithms. The future is now. Certainly an interesting time to be alive atleast
The only mobile game ad that was accurate was Genshin Impact's
The intro is super EPIC
Mobile game ads: 99.99% OF PEOPLE CAN'T BEAT THIS GAME!!!!!!!111!!!1!1!!! *Insert 5 shocked emojis here. The game: pick the odd circle: O O O O O 0 O
Springtrap funko: **SNAP**
Speaking of Mobile games Majority of them are just 10% gameplay then the rest is ad skipping
Pov:You the guy in the thumbnail
2,563 sadly not first tho
You should do among the sleep
Thats **EPIC**
I remember the super end card tournament
That romance that can only be described in one word says epic three times
for me any mobile game ad lost its value to me I AM AUTOMATICLY IGNORE THEM IF NOT PASS THEM FOR FUN!(seriously some of them so hilarious I just watch them to see how funny it it at this point) industry went so low now people ignore ads
Mattpatt: go get your warrior and go on a adventure in TODAY'S SPONSOR: RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
I definitely remember that mobile game that was using banished footage. I had played banished before so when I saw it popping up in ads on youtube I was immediately skeptical.
PLS DO A GENSHIN IMPACT THEORY ITS THE BEST GAME EVR PLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Probably
My existence is illegal in a lot of places I don't care if my games are tbh
The only argument I would have against these adds is that it wastes your time. Something the government has time and time again (heh get it, time?) stated that their time is worth taxpayer dollars. What about our time? Can you put a value on consumer time? That consumer is not going to get those 30 seconds back it took to go through the add and download only to load a different game. While this will remain a no go for the FTC this is also why I think they are a joke. They aren’t out protecting consumers more than they are protecting themselves. They haven’t done anything I would consider pro-consumer in awhile.
Oh...
I did not watch the theory yet but if they are legal they should not be Edit: ok i watched it
YouTube don't care about it cause it makes them money
Mobile Players: Gingster
3:04 its youtube, i dont think the ppl running the ad department give enough of a flank Not to do anything about it.
The most annoying ads have to be the ones that say you can try it briefly in the ad, but when you tap to play it to get a sense of the game, it brings you to the app store.  Honestly so annoying I just wanted to try out the game in the ad from the ad, like you said I could. :(
Haha, they think I'm watching because I'm interested, fake is my sis told me that a YouTuber only makes money through ads when peeps watch 30sec so I watch the ads for markiplier
is there a single mobile game with misleading advertisements that doesn't end up as a candy crush copy?
Wow
Been waiting for this episode for years!
This video may or may not be  EPIC
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
I don't need Mobile Games, I already have the KFConsole like a true Gamer.
What about those ones which give you a game and when you die it says press this to continue and takes you to the download page? Or interactive ones that just force the download page on you after a while?
I hope that in the next 50 years or so, misleading mobile ads will vanish for the rest of human history and that whats left will be ads that show what they're truly worth
Epic ads
man just download endless frontier bruh now that's an good rpg game 🤣
EPIC
BUT, matpat, let me tell you about one of the hottest games on the market, Raid Shadow Legends...
Ok
POV:you got a mobile game ad on this video
All of this is so true
3:55 I played that when I was 10, it was amazing and still is
I kinda feel dumb now that I realize how old I am to not even notice that annotations aren't a thing anymore. I just thought no one used them. Stop making me feel old Matpat
Watching this at 1 am and I got a test tomorrow
Every time I see these ads I know not to download them. I have been tricked so many times, but the good part is that I never got to the point where I spend money inside the app (and also because I cant, I don't have a credit card).
The game with te most ads that all feel the same has to be state of survival. I have seen at least 30 different ads from them
State of Survival in a Nutshell
This videos was sponsor by Raid: Shadow Legends
YouTube has cut down on those ads too. I used to get them as most of the ad types I got, that and raid shading ledgers, but now I barely see any on here
i always wondered what happened to annotations
Me playing Supercell games:  *Signature look of superiority*
not sure who made the subtitles for the "The Cure for Everything" snippet (at 8:55 ), but they used the wrong "their" there. It should say "they're power players" instead of "their power players." For shame MatPat... for shame.....
I DESPERATELY want these ads to stop. So I'll be rooting this on forever.
*Epic games*
6:28 I just got a mobile game add called 911 emergency dispatcher
Oh no its the garbage puzzle ads
I got one of those trailers why watching the video I download it and it was just Candy Crush
Mobile game adds in a nutshell:  It’s evolving. Just backwards
is Alyssa ok?
Hey, could you do video on speedrunning? If you even ever see this
“Are Mobile Games illegal?”  Their concept? No. The way they’re utilized? They should be.
matpat is legit the only guy who could fit biology into a video about how bad mobile game ads are. not gonna be able to look at convergent evolution the same way again.
All the mobile games I play all feed into my gambling addiction.
11:18  The profile is *TOTALLY NOT* Markiplier as well
I think that the adds that copy other games trailers or gameplay could be stricken down because of copyright
Banished is so good.
new leak, the fourth theorists channel is The Theory Theorists
ㅤ
play mcoc bro  best mobile game
ahhh thank you so much, you really don't hear people talk about this enough
play mcoc bro  best mobile game
play mcoc bro  best mobile game
Well I’m pretty early
I love how my 10th grade biology book appears here
play mcoc bro  best mobile game
play mcoc bro  best mobile game
When am I getting my own theory
Mat - "People click the left side of the screen more"  Me - proceeds to click the right side
"If you've used the mobile version of YouTube, you've probably seen a lot of mobile game ads..."  *Someone that actually uses YouTube premium*  Naaahhhh.
ilovepatryk 21 1 second ago play mcoc bro  best mobile game
I got an add for one of those mobile games I thus video lol
Short answer: yes they are
another EPIC theory
0:43 Rick and Morty reference??!!!!   The time when Jerry stood in the driveway after him and Beth divorced and he watched as his kids ditched saying goodbye to him and jumped in a portal with Rick instead.
I know the ads on other games are illegal because the Among Us team said they’re pursuing legal action about them.
0:19 game theory...  EPIC!!!
Couldn’t game company’s sue these ad makers for using there own game footage to promote there own app and for potentially losing them money?
play mcoc bro  best mobile game
I'm so glad you guys made a video about this. I always wondered why they wouldn't get banned because of their false advertising. Now I know! Thanks
WAIT HEY I REMEMBER ANNOTATIONS wait am I old?
I had a Homescapes ad while watching this
Yesss
Im mostly disapointed in garedenscapes Becouse. It was a pretty populair game. And they still do this.
what is jaywalking? is it illegal to cross the road or something?
I don’t play mobile games anymore
What happened to omori
🤯🤯😳😳This comment can't reach pink color🤯🤯😳😳
ok
Hiya
Wow, he referenced the SUPER AMAZING END CARD TOURNAMENT
I remember seeing promotional screenshots for one of these crappy mobile games that was obviously ripped from Total War: Rome 2. But not only that the picture they took still had the Total War logo on it. I was honestly baffled.
This video was so good that I might let matpat live for another day
*epic game B)*
Please heart me you are my favorite youtube channel 🙏💙💙💙
Lily's garden is so weird
I like how I got one of those mobile game ads while watching this
on film theory you should do an archery competition between Legalass, Katnis and Hawkeye
I remember anataitons
Who else got a game add while watching :/
Hey matpat, just as a recommendation, I would change your video titles and images a bit so they seem less clickbaity. Other than that, nice content as usual :)
I played Gardenscapes before they made those misleading ads. It’s a good game, but the new ads kind of ruined it for me.
I REMEMBER THE A/B TESTING FROM THE OLD VIDEOS!! Maann those were the days! It's a shame a majority of the good youtube features get removed throughout time. Annotations will be missed!
Could you do a Don't Starve theory?
I'm currently studying  advertisement.  If I ever have to make that kind of ads  Shoot me.
My girlfriend is on like, level 2500 of Homescapes. Help.
I HATE THOSE CRAPPY MOBILE GAMES!                                                           - Heavy
I was born in 2011
Who here is watching in 2027  No one? Ok.
opening skit got me💀💀
Okay okay my sister Nicki Minaj Tyga and you don't want everything how do you become a public notary using a left so I don't get started but good thing <3
That's why I pay for everything
When is the Zardy’s Maze theory? The developer literally challenged MatPat to try and figure out the lore.
Day 15 of waiting for my peepachu plush to come in the mail
Kinda sus
16 late
When they advertise a small mini game that only shows up 1 or 2 times over the corse of 200 hours of play I do feel like it is misleading advertising and should be considered illegal but they are including it inside the game so it is not 100% fake only 99% fake
noob approves this video
e p i c  video as usual.
so when are we getting book theory?🙂
i think its safe to say that game theories intro is the best on youtube
Wow it my game
Don’t let the games fool you
Dude, iv been wondering about this for so long. thank you for educating the net.
Mobile game Ads should be illegal for being so stupid
I once saw an ad that showed footage of fall guys but was NOTHING LIKE IT
🔥EPIC!🔥
I just got an ad for a game called Mortal Combat, and I bet that game falls under the topic of this video lol.
Sorry I have to watch the video again cuz of some bird in the comments
MatPat's next channel should be about thoughts that make commit question reality (shower thoughts)
There has got to be copyright laws, right? Such as the Awakening one? They STOLE their video and put it on their ad and did not say that it was not theirs? I could easily see the game that actually owns the video suing the ones that stole it.
Why was the intro an exact copy of my mobile game ad experience lol
Many people ask why the game developers don't just make the games shown in the ads, as those fake games often look more fun the actual game. The truth is that sadly those fake games are harder to monetize. You can have millions of levels and power ups and in game purchases with a match 3 game with little art cost, but with a pull the key style game, there is only so much you can do before you run out of art or ideas.
So there is GardenScapes, and HomeScapes, that company should make a game called Escape and it’s like those escape puzzles the ads are showing.
is it just me or is the editing of this video somewhat more cooler?
I know a guy who wasted $60 on one of these He could get so many good things with  dat
Isn’t this what “click bait” video thumbnails and titles fall under aswell?
best intro of the year!
Laughs in PiHole 🤣
Today I found out that Steve in a minecart is part of game theory's intro  Today was a good day
hi
I've been wondering about this since garden scape! I wanted to play the pin pulling puzzles.
And don't forget RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
I played banished. It was not relaxing.... so much starvation...
After you do more research you realize that many of these games that steal footage from other games are from small Chinese-based companies and are pay to win. Just for a quick cash grab. It's stupid how so many people still go for these games just because they get to display their name in world ranks...
And as a YT mobile user I can confirm that it's bad and they spread to good games and sponsor them to get there horrible ads there to try get people to get them.
7:00 oh I miss annotations, was a good way to put a fix/correction into a video or link something
Final someone who addresses this 😆
Who else breaks it down to the game theory intro 😎
i found this theory very E-        ntertaining
They should have a division just for this that bans the ads
Stop it... get some help
Raid shadow Legends:hehehe I'm in danger
I feel so attacked. I'm on lvl 7691 on Gardenscapes
*Wait is Chris now canon confirmed as the blue shirt guy?!?!*
i miss the end card tournaments
I used to get gardenscapes and homescapes ads every time I’d watch a video or open Twitter
As free2play gamer who watched those ads: VIDEO APPROVED
Ads where the player has the collect IQ of around -5
14 minutes ago, wow how did I make the early squad?
Yo dont do Gardenscapes dirty like that, that game is actually super satisfying
People selling glasses be like: "Cure for blindness"
I especially hate RiseOfKingdoms ads for this reason also. It isn’t like the game is bad, but extremely different from the ads. I know o used to play it for a couple of months though and my mom is kinda addicted to it lol. I post videos on this account so I might make a video about that because it could make a really funny animation.
My Dad is on level 3024 of Gardenscapes.
Next video story time reaction
MOBILE GAMES SUCK!
I got a terrible mobile game ad on this video 🤦‍♂️
I like milk
every mobile game script: Wow, i love, this game,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, you should,,,,, play it to,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!
GO UK! YOU BAN THOSE GAMES!
l love the game theory intro
*laughs in premiun*
I think the funniest example of this is *Summoner's Greed* , who's ads directly joke/meme these stupid fake ads.... or try and make popular meme's using their in game assets, it's actually kind of charming and was so refreshing I gave the game a try. It's not the most amazing game out there but decent time killer. I'm just shocking at how their marketing worked on me haha
Looks like the battle pass
5:34 "its filled with adds" then go on airplane mode to say no to adds
I think Bowmasters by  playgendary is a big culprit of click bait. It says there’s a “draw your own weapon mode” there isn’t. It also says there’s a “portal mode” (you shoot an arrow and it creates 2 portals from the valve game) But that’s a lie too! 1: it’s lying, 2: it’s feeding on the success of one of the best games of all time! If that isn’t enough, when you buy the no ads for 40 FRICKIN DOLLARS it still gives you ads! If that isn’t enough to get a game taken off the App Store or google play store, I don’t know what is. (As a matter of fact when you look at the rest of playgendary games they actually follow the same formula for the ads.)
FIRST POG OMG IM SO COOL FIRST POG POGGY POGGERS FIRST
Why must you make me feel old...
Finally
I saw a woman that looked like your wife at Walmart and it was so weird.
Legend says Recreyo haunts the click bait apps whispering loooooooser to anyone who downloads them     This was a joke from the beginning when they said loser it just reminded me of when Recreyo says it ;♡;
Blowing up y’all be quick
Google pixel favoriteism
Claim you "early" tickets here
Also there was that one time when a mobile game ad outright stole a youtubers video to get you to buy a crappy mario game
Isn't in Roblox doing this now?
Class action lawsuit... s'go!
The only games that aren't like this is genshin impact, soul knight, and burrito bison.
Remember clash of clans, boom beach and clash Royale we need more ads like these
14 minutes ago there was a thing called 0 views.
You can tell that this is a great video.
first comment! right now:9 veiws
Its easy  Just don't download it.😎😎
My sister actually downloaded some of the games shown...
idk what's worse, ads that are misleading or ads were the "person" playing it doesn't know how to play.
The intro is so true tho.
Funny thing is that I just watched a mobile game ad on this video.
77,543th - no they aren't
remember when that there were NO MOBILE ADDS? good times
THE ADS ARE STEEeeEeEeeeEEALING MY MOWNEEEEEE
if this is actually true
I also always try to skip those erase her adds as soon as possible because... well I'm a kid Also I think the new mobile game add trends are like somebody is going to hit someone else from behind who is sitting down and then they see them playing their "favorite game" and Don't actually hit them I never got to the end because I always skip ads and whenever they let me like or dislike the add I dislike it because I hate adds
@0:11 that stick hes too epic ima give this game 5 stars
Well THIS was depressing.
matpat could you do a ralph bohner film theory video please.It would mean alot to me if you did.
The most illegal thing is the fake x buttons on the corners
Who was the three people beside the computer screen in the intro?
0:23  Im waiting for another FNAF Vid lmao
nice, 13 minutes ago
When you realise everything was good when you had town hall 10 max.
Epic
They actually named it “new mobile game you can do what you want”? I don’t even know what to say
I kinda wish those annotation things were still around. I kinda miss them
I've seen alot of these ad's
The intro was the best of all game theory intros
The only good mobile game company is superce if you ask me. They have so many good games that actually look as they do in ads
I’m early step in line to get ur early ticket
what about RAID SHADOW LEGENDS we get it i dont care for it pixel car racer doesnt have cringy adds like this
They got sued in the UK
3:39 wait for it...OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*CLASH OF CLANS MOD APK UNLIMITED GEMS RESOURCES HACK DOWNLOAD*
Epic
Idk, thanks for asking tho
Matpatt I have a theory about the mcu. So basically I think that the mcu is setting up the young avengers vs the dark avengers. If we look at wandavision. Wanda has two children billy and tommy who are in the show hinted at becoming Wicca and speed and then at the finale wanda is seen flipping through the darkhold trying to bring vision and wiccan and speed back. So wiccan and speed are two candidates for the young avengers. And with the new ms marvel and ironheart shows coming up that is another 2 people for the ypung avengers. And there is also she hulk and the new Hawkeye kate Bishop full lineup of young avengers
Bobux
They literally show the add in video
Didn't Ubisoft recently try to redefine "gameplay" to get around this?
those types of ads are horrible god 🥲
i found out some popular games that are also illegal. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
comment before video finish : "if there no mention the cancerious ads like azurlane i be surprised (not that they not lure me and make me love the game)" edit : none huh neato
MatPat: Are your mobile games illegal?  *let's hope so*
Yes hello
I remember there was a Friday night funkin mod on mobile and they only showed the gun version
I remember seeing a mobile strategy game advertised by Napoleon Total War gameplay. I didn't know what to do, die from laughing, because it was such a bad try or scream until I pass out, because of how agonizing it was to see 1.: using one of the games I played as "app clickbait" 2.: how did companies sink this deep
I wish there where just old games for Mobile. Like Age of empires II or Need for Speed II... like this.
Early
Taking a break from school for this? Yes please
11:23. Cool character design
I love game theory but I'm especially happy with this installment, because I've wondered about this for a while and I'm grateful to have some answers
Awesome video bro 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
EPIC
Me: looking at the title My brain: shut up, I cant program  Me: intersting
Everybody game Company trying to get a sponsor on this video is quivering in the boots
I hate how im 12 minutes late       plus can you do a theory on danganronpa? some of the timeline is confusing
Well Roblox isn’t illegal nor is minecraft which I have on mobile
CATS ARE BETTER
5:22 that’s just a shity fallout shelter
Honestly mobile games arnt thR bad. There are plenty of good ones that are fun to play that arnt P2W and dont have adds (Bandori, Dragia Lost, D4DJ, Revue Starlight, ect).
RSA Retailing at Secondary (High) School taught me the "Trades Description Act 1984  This simply means "What's in the product by legality must be in product"
Remember when there were honest game adds
Finally someone said it ..
Who plays summoners war or afk arena?
yes
That intro was the most realistic thing I’ve seen.
I fell for one or two of those ads in the past, admittedly. BUT NEVER AGAIN!!!
7:07 i am
You forgot all the sexual ads
Can't wait to see this on youtuve trending... also I got one of those ads so keeping on trend.
POV: You just got a Mobile game add
Just like there is an Anti-christ there is a anti-raid shadow Legends a this is ir My friends
As a Gacha ad grinder... *Yep.*
FINALLY! Somebody is addressing this big fat elephant in the room!
Can we talk about those fake x’s in the corner? The ones that when you click it trying to leave an it takes you to the App Store? Those are so annoying 🥲
Oh boy a mobile game made within the last 6 years, I hope they don’t exploit the unknowing and immature nature of young children.
The intro itself deserves a like. I mean that's so relatable it's happening everywhere. They show one thing while the game turns out to be absolute garbage
A moment of silence for the super amazing end card tournament 😔
I HAVE BEEN SAYING THIS SINCE THE FIRST AD!!!! HOW HAVE THEY GOTTEN AWAY WITH THIS!
12 minutes late pog
Me is Early.
that intro was E P I C
Day 3 of waiting for a genshin theory
I know the way they advertise is probably illegal (and if it's not, it should be) so let's see.
I literally got one of these ads while watching this video lmao
Guess im a criminal then
11:16 that's markiplier 🤣🤣
POV: You just got a Mobile game add
I play hero rescue. It had a lot of ads. So i either play with WiFi off. Or am only playing it because I don't have WiFi
corn
o
tbh I've found some GREAT apps from misleading ads, for example Royal Chaos which is a really quality CDrama game. Dress Up Time Princess is also guilty of this right now but is also a quality story based dress up game. I also just love love bad app ads they bring me joy
I miss the old mobile games the new ones are a disappointment to mobile gamers
I'm at level 3297 of gardenscapes (I've been playing for years lol) and I have NEVER gotten those weird dream mini games :/ I just thought they were another dumb ad thing and I was disappointed that gardenscapes stooped so low
All my adds are just cars and alcohol and my wallet allows for neither, and laws. There are a few laws in the way
Is it bad I got a mobile game ad on this video?
Yay I’m the first one to coment
IN the mobile games defense if you fall for these ads your STUPID
Me? EPIC!!
>Banished >Relaxing  You haven't experienced the disarray of the first winter
Dani will like this
YES
*_Raid: Shadow Legends has left the chat_*
The worst ones are the ones that use actual pokemon
I was just wondering about this the other day as I watched the millionth ad of the day to earn some gems.
Early  Fun fact:I actually used to have GardenScapes
Nobody: War Path
There was a study done showing smart people seem to like cats, both are anti social. So, most people are not smart. So cats are better
I need that EPIC game
play mcoc bro
8:50 Tape girl? Is that you?
These adds give me brain cell loss at point this I watched 500
This video is just an advertisement for EPIC: the most epic game in the world
This video already so many likes
Over 1,000 comments when the videos only been out for 1 minute
Idk I just assume that parents buy their 3 year old child a tablet and say "go nuts I guess lmao" and the kids are not smart enough to realize they're getting tricked by the ads.
me
Only 9% can get notifications from Game Theory when he uploads 😭😭😳
then there is also adds like lillys garden and kiss of war that are in a whole different topic of weird
Idc that they are legal or illegal, I just hate them
I want a pc now.  At least I'll get Good ads
0:43 relatable
finally someone brings this up
what about life theory
epic fail
Nice
The only mobile games I play are supercell games the people who made clash of clans
Seems legit
Mat its just funny watching the ads because how horrible they are   Also I just got one of the ads. On your vid.
Isn't the comparison with bats and birds a bit bad? They both have wings, but they are internally different. The whole ads are basically birds with different feather colour.
Matpat’s trailer skills epic
1:25 I even see them while watching YouTube on my switch and ps3. It's a lot less common on those but it still happens
Very epic
Jesus Christ, poor Alyssa.
yeah i've existed long enough to remember annotations. do people still add them to videos these days?
POV: You learnt something new today because of Mat Patt
EPIC
Me who plays clash of clans every day  Maybe I am a criminal
MatPat is both Obi Wan and Anakin, and Mobile games are Dooku, and while they fight I sit in my chair and cheer on Matpat
This. So true
Someone: Breathes Game ads: OnLy 0.000000000000000000001% oF pEoPlE cAn sOlVe tHiS
I got a mobile game ad when watching...
FINNALY
A frog from an adventure time episode approves too
that intro SENT ME lol. also if Alyssa is out there... TEACH ME HOW TO GET TO LEVEL 965 PLZZ
My mom plays gardenscapes and has got to lvl.5000+ and doesn’t get any of the “off topic” gameplay
He mentions YouTube having annotations, but does anyone remember when polls were in the info card of the video and not on some absolutely broken community tab post?
6:00  No no, Its evolution      *but backwards*
I haven't even watched the video yet and I feel like the answer is "yes".
Am I cool?
I thought these ads were already declared illegal. I don't see them on YouTube anymore, that is. But yeah those kinds of game adds that mislead is just so... asinine.
17 secs and there is already 27 comments    Wow mat pat good job
How about Call of Duty Moblie, its that eligal matt patt
This video was 𝗘 𝗣 𝗜 𝗖
Any one who dislikes this make these adds
Another fun fact       This videos doesn't have ads
This puts a smile evenly on my life.
early
Sheesh just posted 8 minutes ago, never been this early
I also feel like I have a personal connection to bearded soap seller, editor. He’s a great actor for those commercials and I laugh like everytime  😂
*laughs in Danny Gonzalez*
im early! hi mat pat!
I've seen a weird 6 second ad just showing animals turning into powerful looking characters that doesnt even look like an animal and not even talking about the game
I love the intro
Me: *sees ad* Also me: *thinks it looks fun* Me again: *downloads game and opens it*  *_Immediately deletes the game after seeing the actual gameplay_*
i get so minny of thies adds on facebook lol
This video looks very epic..
Try Polytopia
This literally happens to me all the time... so annoying.
"Game Theory, Ruining your childhood since 2011"  I love it
EPIC video
It took me far too long to realise that one of those ads you mention is litterally a rip-off of Fallout Shelter, everything is the same lol
Me:Clicks on the video with anxiety
Jesus Christ loves you
TOP OF THE MORNING TO YOU LADDIES !
Brawl Stars is a good example of GOOD advertizing.
This video is very "EPIC" get it
Notification for gt pops up Me: I AM SPEED
1:27 my father is the chief of NeVYY
I live in sudan and i don't get any youtube ads because until recently we were under usa sanction. Its like country size adblock
The first part is so true
Yes expose them
FINALLY something important! I would give up all the fnaf lore in the world for this! But I don't have to. pls don't delete fnaf videos
Aye
Good thing someone's talking about this Because there's so many misleading ads Or just random Gameplay at that doesn't fit the game completely I'm going to go ahead and say one of them for example Eve's Garden or whatever the heck the freaking animated thing of that girl with glasses in the red Flannel jacket yeah her Nicely animated but the gameplay is so dumb like they have enough money to waste it on the animations but decide to go ahead and not use it on the game honestly I don't know what's going on with the mobile companiesAnd that doesn't even Compared to the other apps I have Seen Ridiculous on one on top of the other All I can roll out as just mobile  game companies are just trying to make cash grabs apps
Well before I even watch it. Scamming, false news, and more should be illegal.
I see these everywhere and finally Mat. started talking about it.
FINALLY someone's talking about this annoyance. bruhhhh
23 dislikes for a 13 min video, just 8 min after being posted. This means those didn't even watch the video entirely. HATERS GONNA HATE
A spikey boy approves of this video
I made it before 10 minutes and a mil views
2:46   My mom on Candy Crush *PATHETIC*
Good thing all the mobile games I play are gacha games that drain my wallet without needing false advertisement
HEY Matpat I have idea what about Map Theory.IDK I'm not make map Theory I said maybe you want to or not.If you not make it I not mad just normal.  OK bye 😌😌
this video was pretty *EPIC*
I never knew what happened to the annotations but ultimately they’ve just disappeared
Oof
The actual GOOD moblie games are those who make ads that actually show what is in the ACTUAL game.
See your video EPIC😁
I found this 7 min later when uploaded but hey thats just a theory a time theory thanks for watching                 And i like game theory
Finally my man doing the thing everyone wants
Fiinnnallly adressing this ad problem
Jotaro approves this video too
MatPat: and the dogs are stronger than cats.  Me: Tastes like disrespect
epic
bruh
Mobile games then: CLASH OF CLANS  mobile games now: amazing spider web shoot extreme
Not the video we deserved, but the video we needed.
The Game Theory Theme Song (Science Blaster for thos who dont know) is my alarm
SEE THAT VIDEO OVER THERE EPIC!!!
OMG IK ALL OF THESE ADS
lol
Nobody players in mobile applications: 0 iq.
Had to be covered by someone.
Boop
those red arrows for description, made my eyes go weird
Finally you covered this, FINALLY!!
This was EPIC
I theodore, approve this.
Fortnite lore pls next
Now matpat will never get a sponsor again
Arrived faster than to my funeral
Oh that stupid game.. I don’t remember it but was showed it was about like gardening or something and then it turned out to be one of those matching game, 1:49 remember the name? I just remember HER
7:14, thank me later
The pin moving ads were banned in the uk and now theyre being smuggled into other ads which is really really scummy. Bigo is terrible for ad smuggling
i remember annontations
Everyone commenting on a 8 minute old video but the video is longer than 8 minutes
Get your here before 50 k views ticket
am i the only one waiting for the last channel to fill the logo
This theory is *EPIC!*
Ay
First
Yes
Yey new vid hope u post a new anime theory that would be so cool
ayy 8 mins
Cover the science of zombies over on film theory of madness combat. sounds stoopid but someone needs to solve does zombie revival actually work. and cloning?
I'm early to game theory? Finally
Wow I’m watching this in the first 14 seconds of it being on YouTube
Hey matpat I have some ideas for you next video( I'm not good in English) : 1. How rich is sly and his family ( games sly cooper 1 - 4) 2. What is Echo in Jack and daxter ( explain it like the same way you did it in the dragon ball theory ) 3. What could be kingdom hearts 4 about  4. A series where you find out who is the most strongest/powerful character of all time  5. Or a series where you find out wich gaming character is the most heroic and who is the most evil  6. Explaining the Nintendo universe where you put all games ( if its even possible) from Nintendo in one big  universe 7. Is it possible to build the weapons from ratchet and clank in real life 8. Haw dangerous are the shieka in the legend of Zelda  9. Who killed the most  10. What Mario's Body would really look like  ( because he always runs and doing wall jumps and some stuff he would look way different)  11. Make a list of what you think a perfect game needs to have 12. Your top 100 games 13. Top 50 theories 14. Most handsome gaming character ( woman and man)
Well if that's the case than misleading ads aren't scams since they don't take away from you're health or money without you're will so that means that misleading ads are traps that you fall in you're will while a ads that take money or health from you without you knowing or at least understanding are dangerous traps that's want to take everything from you or at least a portion of it
A A A approves this video, frick u bird and 2021 Honda Civic
niño
Check out i3stars, that channel covers mobile ads.
Still waiting for MatPat to tell us which annotation color generated the best click-through rate. He mentioned it back in early Game Theory and I've been hoping for an answer since they killed the feature.
I clicked the video 18 seconds after it was released
I miss the old ads like “cut the rope” and angry bird ads :(
Epic = poggers
Fnaf Security Breach is probably going to be misleading and not doing any lore or anything but it was all a joke from Scott. When you open the game it says "This is Scott Cawthon, thanks for spending over 50 bucks you wasted your time bye"
0:43 yes he is indeed famous in bfb
Game Theory: Is Angry Birds ILLEGAL?
This is very pogchamp
The ad for "Epic" is still better than the generic "can't reach pink colour" ads!
The title should have **NOT CLICKBAIT**
Im waiting for new half life theory, i havent seen one for hl alyx. Is there one?
Woah real early
I thought they were banned
The editing in these videos is so good! Props! (I Don't even want to know how long it takes to make an episode like this...)
I've literally seen mobile zombie shooters take GTA V gameplay use that in their ads.  Unfortunately there's not many ways to report these ads.
I still remember annotations, yet I'm only 14
Can't believe someone finally talked about these adds, especially when we're talking about MatPat
Its insane how the video came out 7 mins ago and already has 46K views. Good work MatPat
g,,,gaem theori,,,,,,,
Game Theory: Is Among Us ILLEGAL?
Not lying right now, this morning, me and my friends were talking about homescape's ad's this morning.
FINALLY! Someone is addressing the shitty mobile game ads that are plaguing YouTube!
The newest ones people are using is this one of a bunch of towers and one characters literally do the EXACT same thing
Test Your IQ! 95% Fail! *Shows a simple tile puzzle.
Hey! Can you guys make lore of Dead of Cells game, i really like playing it but i also wanna know its lore
Hi I know you have really much fnaf videos but can you please look at theory from Matanoj because is really good theory. Btw good video
Finally, someone is talking about this
Cool
Ayo alissa how? 965 how? Jheez
YES YES I RELATE TO THAT👍👍
I miss when we had iOS versions of Bioshock and dead space
EPIC
"2 mins later, 1.1k comments" Hmmm :Thonk:
EPIC
Hey
Bababoey
I am here so early! :o         (when I saw this it was 7 mins. old.)
EPIC adds. Lame gameplay
What happened to the good old games I grew up with like angry birds or fruit ninja
I hope not
Ladies and gentelman     *We got em*
I think i was first on the vid. I just forgot to comment.
I miss annotations
Fun fact:if you reading this then you are in the comments section       Fun fact:you clicked show more!      Fun fact:you go down to see the secrets!!         Fun fact:there is no secrets down there!!!        Fun fact: i told you         Fun fact:stop         Fun fact:i told you to stop!        Fun fact:this is the end i am laughing on every one who scrool to see this
Early time
This intro remind me a certain italian youtuber with EPIC slap skills...
I don’t have mobile games
The "loser" whisper is perfect.  I cannot believe anybody plays those games, even bigger losers are people who pay for anything in them.
that one 8 yr old watching you mean my moms phone?
I only have a mobile  So i only have mobile game But not those kind of games
Literally got an ad for one of these games before the video started
TheOdd1sOut: 👁👄👁
Early gang , assemble
Why am I watching this at 3 AM?
Every single phone game advert I see has the exact same recorded gameplay with different sprites and they claim the game is so difficult when it looks very easy. It’s also for a mode that you only get to play once a day. This begs the question why Google Ads let you put LITERALLY ANY VIDEO up as an advert.
Epic
Woooooooooow
I just get swappie ads
0:43 Rick and Morty reference
"Ya learn somethin new everyday" yeah only from stuff like that  This*
Oh wow annotations, that brings me back
Thank God someone actually acknowledged these sad excuses for games!
Can’t only be me who sees an pretty good game but when downloaded, it is completely different than the ad
wow, I'm a gangster
Glad I haven’t fallen for these... totally...
Yes
epic epic epic
Did mat just say that romancing a stranger is epic?
Let’s hope MatPat doesn’t disappear under “mysterious circumstances” 🤞
Mobile Game Companies Aren't Just Suspicious In The App Store... APKS Are Even Worse!
You can take your here within an hour award here
If they're not then they should be, I've seen so many messed up phone apps like wtf
00:10  I am a stick, I am a stick, I am a stick, I am a stick
Anyone else watch other old, like REALLY old, game theory videos that were so different EDIT: I WAS LOGIT WATCHING THE VIDEOS MAT SHOWED IN THIS VIDEO EARLIER TODAY
EPIC
Damn im early
The disappointment of downloading a mobile game being a match three game.
Turned on notifs and smiled big! VERY epic!
What
Mat:Are your mobile games illegal?  Me with pirated games: Perhaps
I play Gardenscapes on purpose (started before the misleading ads started running), and I've NEVER seen those minigames about bad dreams. When did that happen!?  Edit: Oh, so it's beginners? I'm on 6500-7000
Nobody has finished watching the video
I'm glad someone is finaly covering this.
Dog
Another kind of misleading advertisement:  You will *** in 20 seconds!
This whole video described in one word: E P I C
The intro was soo accurate😭✋
How can you talk about bad ads and not mention Danny Gonzalez’s badads series lmao
My mom downloaded one of those games and she got mad when she didn't get what she saw in the ad 😭🤚
Early pog
I've been seeing alot of this recently and even have had a college class talking about something similar lol
Mad pomeranian approved
Claim your EPIC early ticket here.
Me me and the devs going to jail cuz we making a mobile game
This man always seems to amaze me.
Can't wait until clash of clans is a war crime
But brawl stars is an exception
RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
Finally someone who does this besides the youtubers that do "Ad vs Gameplay"
Mobile games have more clickbait than a bass pro shop.
He's making mobile game and this is his ad for it
but what about supercell
Mobile games are basically pre video game crash Atari
My mobile games: Plants vs Zombies: Legal, everything's fine Plants vs Zombies 2: That should be illegal!
Sorry, i use Youtube Vanced. I hate ads in my mobile.
wow this video was EPIC
first time I enter a video not after months of being published
No, because most games are rip-offs of other games. They can get away with anything they want.  That includes stealing other people’s stuff, I’ve seen countless times ads copying other people’s content (thumbnails made by AlexAce Plays comes to mind) taken by games6 to advertise a copy of Among Us and another studios actually stole someone’s Among Us fan-made animation to advertise its own game. I’m not sure if the creators can even do anything to combat this, I told members of one person’s community and they said there is nothing that can be done.
Posted 5 minute ago, over 13 minutes long 1.6k comments...
bruh six minutes ago posted and there are 1666 coments
LoL
when there are less than 1 mil views in a theory video. "Let me just come back here to watch this in a few more minutes."
The most annoying ads is state of survival
All i can say is, exactly.
But I still haven't reached pink colour
I really don't understand why these ads exists
FNAF
Many of them should be
#MobileGames #Fakegames   i have never seen anything more true, the only mobile games that i play are mobile versions of pc games like terraria
He REALLY likes the pixle 4 doesn't
OMG! ONLY 1% CAN FINISH!
Your literally my savior
mobile game adds
1638 comments in 5 minuts
see this vid...... EPIC!!!
\/ Clam you FIRST tickets here ; )
Finally someone is discussing this topic. Glad it's you Mat. 👍
Me: Sees Title Also Me: Yes.
Omg 3mins?! I've never been this early!!😀😀😀 I could explode
Omg a new flim theory Also i knew it!!!!
ANY NEWS ON FNAF?? PLS
POV: You are early and do not know a funny comment
What if this was a massive plot to promote his new mobile game...
First
I have Homescapes and got a BUNCH of minigames    (By a bunch i mean like 12 13 not much)
Fun fact: You commented before finishing the video. So did I!
The intro summaries these fake mobile games
Hopefully this means that he gets his own game
Yes
I feel like one day Matpat Will have to have to collab with SHB(SuperHorrrorBro) I order to solve the FNAF teasers that popped in
You can't even count how many times I've been scammed when you download games on ads
That MatPat over there?    *_EPIC_*
It's about time someone speaks on this
FINALLY SOMEONE IS TALKING ABOUT THE COPY PASTE FALSE ADVERTISING OF MOBILE GAMES
i am a level 200 mafia boss
It have happened to me before. The puzzle game trick me once !!
Epic? Games?....wait a minute
well if its really ilegle then ima go to jail for 1000000 years
Last time I was this early I thought I was a straight cis girl 💀💀
not first :(
The ads are so garbage they might as well be illegal
Its not just a game theory...ITS AN EPIC THEORY
FINALLY SOMEONE SAID IT
here after 5 minsssss
The most hated thing about mobile ads are when you can’t press the x to exit the app LET ME PRESS THE X
Is call of duty moblie illigle
Bruh my younger brother keep downloading does ad games.
When I got the notification I thought I saw yellow and thought it was for food theory. I then read the title and checked to see if it was the right channel, well my eyes have deceive me again.
Also what about the quality ones
Me who uses luckypatcher: *Silently walks away*
On the topic of mobile games, is it possible that you talk about a theory on one of the actually good mobile games?
I don't know if any of the supercell games are illegal, lets find out!
oops
I remember pyrocynical said that he was put in an ad without his permission.
Crusaders approve this video
10 minutes after upload
Can you make a video about the cube series made by rusty lake (Sorry for bar english in actually italian)
I never realize how big game theory is until a new video gets 4.5k likes in four minutes
30,329th
Finally. Matpat is saying something about this. :)
Hi
Pin my comment for no reason.
The intro to this video is Sooo accurate and I hate game developers that do that
4 no
I love the opening music of this emission so much. I could listen to a 1 hour version ! OwO
Mobile game ads be like: You won’t last 4 minutes playing this steamy game, help her escape, pick your wife, get all the girls, bully nerd popular girl makeoverrrr 🤪 Gօօժ baby or ėͤͫ̇ͩͩͣv̇ͤͫ̇ͩͩͣi̇ͤͫ̇ͩͩͣl̇ͤͫ̇ͩͩͣ baby?
Alternative title: Why I’m annoyed with mobile game trailers.
Those god awful mobile game ads though     You know the ones
Hmm
Looking at you Garden/Homescapes
mobile game ads: you won't last 5 minutes in this game      me: because it's boring
Pour dude in the intro😢
You saw my comment  that's         EPIC
I only got four hours of sleep last night so I’m running about the same pace as Matt Pat after a fnaf vid
can i have a shoutout
4 min bois
Boss: All right what should we name our new mobile game where you can do nothing that we told you you can do Employee: New Mobile Game Where You Can Do Whatever You Want Boss: Perfect
At last Someone made a theory about this stuff. This is gonna be fun
All these scammers, er, “mobile game developers” being like: *We’re dead.* 🤣🤣
My mom is completed more than 1200 levels and still only 2 minigames
Why can't we have good games again like subway surfers, jetpack joyride, Andry birds and other games like that? Mobile games have gone backwards
Me looking at the thumbnail: no mobile games are NOT illegal  Me actually watching it: oh nvm its abt ads
Mobile ads should die. They do not accurately represent the actual games (which are usually garbage) and some ads are extremely innapropiate. And also the cringe level on some of them are just...oh jeez. Looking at you freaking Mafia ads.
Respect the Rick and Morty reference
Ur anwser to any question: "MUNEY" What?: "MUNEY" How?: "MUNEY" WHY?: "MUNEY"
not even 2K comments 4 mins ago?? nice
Oh boy, finally a theory about the misleading advertisements... I’ve been seriously wondering about them for a long while now
Are mobile games illegal? Facebook moms with level 10000000 candy crush: maybe i am a monster
The stick is epic😅
I saw an ad for fnaf, and it was a fnaf sfm. *misleading*
HALLO BRUUUUUUUUUUUHS         I can finally stop being duped by youtube ads
That subscribe button? *EPIC*
The number of times the word "epic" was said in the intro, EPIC games filed a lawsuit.
To a gamer, yes they are illegal
Imwe kuri algorithm
"That stick over there?"  *"EPIC!!!"*  That one got me so much 😂
Thank god someone is finally talking about this
that intro is sooo meta
i know its gonna be false advertisment cases
*EPIC*
Oh my god Matt thank you I have hate this so much and have always want to find one of these game that are actually like and I HAVE NEVER FOUND ONE
Alisa from the Cybert Channel
First mobile game video. Poggers!!!
I remember gardenscapes being a pc game. It was just the same - town building + tile-matching minigames. But it was from the time when phones were used primarily to maae calls and send messages...
NGL I kinda wanna see a fortnite game theory again.
havent been this early in a while
I’d love to see MatPat’s search history because at this point he has to be on somebody’s watchlist😂😂😂
Oh god the ads he showed seriously get on my nerves
If I had a nickel for everytime I was shown stupid adds i could hire a hacker to remove them from the face of the earth...or a mercinary to give a message to certain people.
The romance thing. Yeah that is three words. Epic epic epic
Mobile game ads then: *hey, we made this short film with cool animation to promote an original game*  Mobile game ads then: *99% cAN’t CoMplEtE thiS LeVEL*
3 mins, and 22k veiws how do you click so fast?
Lisa Lv playd and now im at level 945. My mom who is at 2000:huh you think you playd long
Early
The thing is, who in their right mind would get a mobile game
If I had to describe this video in one word:              E P I C
Finally somebody has finally talked about this. I’ve been wondering the same thing for months
I've seen some where there was songs like stock or completely stupid.
THEY SHOULD BE :P!
1:22 yeah I've  seen it many many many many many many many many many times. And the idiot bot makes me wanna solve it
Oh also MatPat, what makes some of these games worse than what you said. I HAVE ACTUALLY SEEN ADS FOR MOBILE GAMES WHERE LARGE GAMES LIKE FORZA Horizon 4 ON MOBILE. yeah it does get that bad.
James said they are
mobile ads be like: 99.999% of people can't walk Me:Yes they can! The mobile game:you dare oppose me mortal!
These ads always annoyed me
First
Every fake Mobile game ad- 99% people can finish this
I downloaded the Sonic dash and Amazing Spiderman 2 game on my phone. Thanks for this video.
fun fact: the EPIC game is getting sued by Epoc Games because you have to get the EPIC game by an appetite called the EPIC GAME STORE
tbh, 90+% of mobile games have broken the law because of false advertising or just straight up IP rights
Matt Pat: Mobile games are illegal Me: Plays Dolphin and project 64 emulator
At Least CODM Ads Tells The Truth And Some Other
They should banned theses crappy apps
Claim your ‘Here before one million views ticket’ here
I like how's theres alot of comments but the video is just published 3 minutes ago
That stick?     EPIC
I never  knew  this I am  not being  mislead ever again
Ironically a mobile game played just before this video.... and odds are you all did too ^-^
Alternative title: Mobile game ads needs to be stopped
Splatoon 3 theory?
Me playing terraria on my phone: yes there is a adventure in my pocket
A:  The secret ingredient is EPIC!  B:  What is it?  A:  It's EPIC  B:  Just tell me what it is.  A:  I just did.
EPIC
You better not like TheOdd1sOut cuz he's a hypocrite.
Aye banished got some love, even tho it was a passing glance.
Epic dragon and combat
you are the lord of theory mat
I like cut the rope  ☺️
Yes, Mobile Apps can be so scandalous
Cod Mobile is one of the few exceptions. I’ve been playing it since it came out in 2019.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh why did you read that
Society if trash mobile game ads didn't exist will be perfect
Everyone flex their gardenscapes or homescapes levels im at 3064
Who need sleep when I can watch this ಡ ͜ ʖ ಡ
I don't know about you guys. But my youtube puts out ads that are... we'll say r@pey. I hate it and have complained to YouTube with no response.
Noice.
I love how the "epic" game at the beginning was just a candy crush ripoff
No, they're not, but they should be
2 minutes ago.... and it was the recomended not the notifications wtf
Me:just playing some plants vs zombies Youtube:your mobile game is illegal! Me:WAIT WHAAAA
THANK YOU PLEASE SAVE ME FROM THESE
Poor Alyssa I feel bad for her and I liked it the cute animation for Alyssa when Alyssa was talkin in the video
These are just companies that want downloads and nothing more
Keep up the good work
Epic illegal mobile games
Early to a game theory video? Impossible!
Early also when's next petscop episode
E
Thank you for making this Matt, I hope developers see this.
EPIC!
EPIC
I was missleaded once. Never again.
Clicked so fast that i could be second like. EPIC!
First
YES! Get these god awful ads off my screen! They’re ILLEGAL! You heard the Theory man!
4 min early
i was early enough for it to say 9 views and glitch
I was thinking about this. False ad nonsense
Sus
Claim your here before 1 million veiws ticket
Bait and swap is what I call it, a virtual bait and swap...
*Yes.*
Speaking of games i was just going to tell u mat pat 😑 your disregard for the avengers game is just... wow not one single theory and in the miles morales next villain theory u said it fell off i thot this was a theory channel not a insult games that cant control covid channel now im salty 🧂 🧂 🧂 😤😤😤 but its ok just a little peave i had (plus ik u dont read the comments)
*EPIC*
The first one is everywhere
New game theory lets gooo
Finally soöeone answered this. Those ads are so annoying.
*TGTs!!!*
Early
*E P I C*
Early!
I love your videos
“mY fAtHeR iS ThE CHiEf oF tHe nAaAaaAvy”
Here before all those verefied
gotta go fast
y’all ain’t even watch the video yet 😭
Bro i got it the fourth Chanel BOOK THEORY KNOW THAT FANAF GOT BOOKS
I am the first like
Got i love seeing theese Theory episodes openings  it just feels awesome to see a new episodes and i love em
Why am I starting to forget game theory exists because of film and food theory
oh god... LILY’S GARDEN...
bruh youtube really reccomending this vid 4 seconds after it comes out
Honestly I'm used to these ads.       Still hate it tho
Next: Is Your President Legal?!?! 🤔🤨🧐
2 minutes ago and JEEZ it already has so many views and etc.-
All the dislikes are from the mobile game ads
How did i get here so quick?
I am the early stupid mobile games that r not subed
Eh
Early
Half of the peeps are bots going like goer epic if you found this like Boone’s watched the vid
Is that "loser" from bfb 1 in teardrops mind?
This video is sponsored by -RAID SHADOW LEGENDS- EPIC!
its been so log since ive seen that intro
*YEAH!!!*
Hi plz say hi patpat
*It's been so long for this* but it was worth, Matpat FINALLY talks about those damn clickbait mobile games!!!
Glad i don't have those kind of mobile games
*EPIC*
THIS IS SO RELATABLE!!!!
My mom plays Lily’s garden every day and I still ask her if her man ever came back.
Epico, slap bass like you slap that like button. Slap-reveal at 10 likes.
Zero city ads are the worst
see this video,**EPIC**
So you watched oddoneout video
Reason number 273 why mobile gamer aren't gamer's
Hey I'll have you know I like garden escape...  Ps: when i saw the ad for the first time it was after I downloaded it and I felt betrayed
Game theory!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Haha, raid go bye bye
9 views 1.2k likes 355 comments
*MATT   PATT   IS   THE   BEST!!!*
Ahh yes the clickbait ads
The intro is too accurate XD     IT IS *EPIC*
I needed this
Me who still plays jetpack joyride: 👁👄👁
DUDE LETS GOOOOO
This really made me think from a different side of it...I'm not much on mobile gaming myself, but had never considered it like this.
Damn, playrix doesn't have ads in it, why you gotta hurt em
This video has not existed for 5 minutes and thousands of views
To the one person who disliked this one word why?
Wow
I can consider mobile games from Japan exceptions, right? *Stares at FGO and Granblue Fantasy*  Right???
Me before watching this video: sees someone do a cool thing "woah that's cool"         Me after watching this video: *EPIC*
730 views and 1.5k likes....... nice job YouTube
Keep making epic videos game theory
E
Yes. Yes they are.
i used to have gardenscapes but the ads annoyed me so much i actually uninstalled it bc of them lmao
Cool new intro waw
9 views but over a thousand likes and comments hmm strange
If mobile games are illegal now.....NO MORE SPONSORSHIPS OF RAID SHADOW LEGENDS BUT DOWNLOAD RAID SHADOW LEGENDS AND GET YOUR 100K SILVER AND CHAMPIONS NOW
HEY YOU                   You're awesome. You're loved.                OKAY NOW CONTINUE SCROLLING
Omg i needed this episode these ads are so annoying and also congrats to everyone who found this comment because he was early
Mat: EPIC!  Epic! * *THIS VIDEO IS SPONSORED BY EPIC GAMES* *
Epic
Ho the actual fugue are there so me many comments btw finally someone talks about this it’s illegal so why
No one : Nvm actually everyone : *congrats to people who see this comment*
This raises the question, could i actually sue these bastards for "false advertising?"
Oh my gosh it has only been one minute how are there 1.1k comments
EPIC
Early bois
Been way too long since I’ve watched this channel
Only 8 dislikes atm that's early XD
Welp, it took a long time but finally FINALLY these stupid misleading mobile adds get some hard criticism. Thank you matpat and team theorist for making this episode!
Just got out
So the video just says  well they are illegal, but the people who can do something don't care..
What would have made this video absolutely legendary in the worst possible way is if it was spondered by RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS.
first*
1:10 Ha YouTube Premium No Ads for me
MatPat post? Me gusta.
When you're so early that everybody comments "Congrats to everyone who is early to found this comment"
Bruh hearing the intro makes me so happy because the next ten minutes am I am going to debate with my phone.
As some kid that plays on mobile, we have built up so much endurance that a car can't hurt me because of repetitive grinding, ads, and crappy gameplay.
To think I was trying to search this channel right now and happened to see this video
1000 comments in 2 MINUTEZ
yes they are
My only games are pokemon masters ex and brawl stars, what's illegal about those games?
mat pat please do Friday night funking next it has some lore
The intro is very accurate to mobile game ads
Are we gonna get the next part of the petscop theory? 👀
So many misleading ads
Mobile ad be like bru
That intro lol
I don’t really play mobile games so mine in particular probably aren’t
It's Epic If you Pin This Comment , EPIC!
If I had a time machine there are a bunch of people I would like to beat up and they would be the guy who invented captchas, the person who started the trashy game ad trend and the person ruining youtube with ads and it's monetization
After hearing LOSER. *Cries in Jerry*
EPIC
bruh bots be like 'Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment’.
Same
Hello internet we are the skedadudlers
I just found a new YouTube Bot epidemic, it seems that multiple bots are commenting sentences with the word epic in them.
I’m on mobile
Damn as if 5 days already passed since the last episode of game theory-
Should I watch the video to have an *EPIC* experience!?
I love matpat
Lol when your watching game theory bc your bored and then he posts a new video in the middle of you watching game theory
The recent ones are illegal, but the ones from the 2010's are not illegal.
e p i c
Me with premium:I have no such weaknesses
EARLY
Finally someone talks about this...
Advertising in YouTube?  *Laughs in Vanced*
I'm glad I'm not the only one with these ads
Interesteing
Hi
I was actually thinking about this after my dad bought greenscapes! Thanks for actually doing the research lol
I actually stopped playing Mobile games back in 2018.
Gonna watch even tho im sick :D 👍
Wow the beginning really simply what we all think about these ads.
Ahhhhghhghh this was a r/ihadastroke
1 Minute Ago  *1k Comments.*
finally an episode on garbde scammy mobile games
Mine is. I play nxb nv
Intro be like: EPIC: POCKET EDITION
Do a theory on Genshin Impact!
Fun fact      None of us have watched the full video
Don’t you sometimes see a comment and think, “I should have thought of that.”
This came 1 minute ago
This showe up in notifications as I was watching a bad ads video lol
Their advertising on other games should be the *most illegal* lmao...
That intro reminded me of elden ring and now im depressed after being impressed
9 views, 860 likes, and 125 comments, somethings not right.
I have never been this early
Mobile game ads have more clickbait then youtube as a whole
before watching this i already hope the answer is yes
Oooooo first minuet nice! Pretty EPIC!!!!!
I was so first like totally first like get faster slowpokes
Why mobile games should be illegal 1. way to many ads in the game 2. is poorly mad  3. transactions  4. They're advertisements are the wierdest
Next video is game theory illegal
The intro in a nutshell: *epik*
Epic video!
Whyd I think of Raid from that intro?
Sponsored by raid shadow legends
Hi
E
Mobile game companys rn: "Oh no, anyway."
Finally someone who is interest to these ads
I hate it when youtube says there is no comments and there are like 20 of them
Me hoping that they are so I stop getting stupid mobile ads looking at the title: I hope so
everyone who  has Commented on  this video has not seen the entire video yet
Renamber clash of  clans ye... Why är we here
I think this is the earliest I ever made it to a game theory video
.
The thing that happened to the dude in the intro has happened to me one too many times
Dang how long have i've been gone?
Wow, actually consistant uploads. I thought it couldnt be done
I’m watching this while making a glitchtrap fur suit   It’s been weeks  Help me 😃
I know the crying child name
Umm
Epic
“EPIC”
Not gonna lie, this episode was pretty     *E P I C*
When you're too early that none of the jokes in the comments are funny
Hey im early for once
That comment... EPIC!!!
Hi how u doing, I’m fine what about u?
Yes most of them probably are lol
F chain go! F
'Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment'.
Only 5% of people can guess the next number:  1 2 3 4 ?
Bro that beginning is so true!!!
yesterday i was laughing uncontrollably at Matthew Patthew because i thought that was matpats real name
The intro is ☆E P I C☆
Demomitized
There’s a film theory episode I want you to do. Its about Dio’s time stop ability in Jojo’s bizarre adventure. Not saying that if it’s possible, but what would happen if you had the ability to stop time.
Why did I think it was an advertisement of epic games lol.
Well...This should be interesting
Last time I was this early to a theory i thought my parents loved me.   WELL ATLEAST I STILL HAVE MATPAT AND PENELOPE SCOTT.
I SWEAR THOSE ADS ARE THE WORST
0:42  this is from bfb1 xd
Hey this is pretty EPIC!
Epic vid but how can you tell which games are legal? Lol
"Mobile Games"? Oh, you must mean cringy advertisement simulator!
Mobile games these days are actual so awful, unimaginative, boring, and full of ads.
Doesn't it just suck when the add is way different than the app.
Ayy the intro is back
One of the first
The 592 likes haven't even watched the video yet but like me can tell it will be good
I’m going to pretend I’ve watched the entire video at the time of this comment
Me:Oh matpat made anew video Matpat: E P I C
Please Matpat I want a little nightmares theory 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Youtuber moblie games should be illegal.
EPIC
Nine views 1.2k likes 355 comments and posted 1 minute ago got it
First
Hi, I'm first!
Nice, a theory
fun fact: no one here has finished the video if you're early
0:14 Was that a Stardew reference?
1st 100th comment
Only 90% can understand the theory!!!! 😭😭😡😡😳😳
Great video!         Don’t question the fact the videos only been out for ten seconds I can just tell
They should be illegal
I bet Matt calculated what time to optimally upload this video
The intro is as accurate as it can get! Lol
Nice weekend episode
its weired cuz i was watching mobile ads memes
It is always a candy crush rip off, why its always a candy crush rip off
Early
Youtube: 9 views and 1.2k likes Me: Mmmm....idk bout that chief
0:44 My guy is ligit playing gardenscapes rn bruh
Yup that’s mobile games
Roses are red violets are blue. You know your not first, I’m not to 😙
With how expensive things in Identity V are, it should be illegal
Finally. Someone finally acknowledges this.
Yello
Cheeze
Woo furst
*E P I C*
Half of those games are spyware xd
Mh
This video? EPIC!!
Epic matpat
I had to watch this once I got the noti lol
Ads for games are nothing like the game itself lmao
9 views 958 Likes  It YouTube ok?
Yes I believe my angry bird rage has caused me to commit multiple war crimes thus being highly illegal
Should’a been illegal a loooong time ago
How Is it that the first comment I see is: "Start an E chain😏"
Do a theory on ollie Gaeilge
Yes.
I've been waiting for this episode
0:44 Nod to rick and Morty
What an EPIC episode of GT.
Kinda epic
This is a theory i actually wanted to see
I had to follow my friend crush on tic tok and other stuff just for you to get a other sub 😩 but it was worth it👍(pls notice me am desperate)
whoa I'm early for once
The amount of times that intro was actually happened to me
gg guys😁😁👏👏😀🔥🔥🔥
If you like Pina Coladas
This video is EPIC
*_E P I C_*
Suddenly matpat does a theory on his own ducking wife and then continues to make theory's on literal comics then finally jumps head first into the world of anime
Epic video Epic channel Epic theory Epic ads Epic click ba- i means epicly genuine video
Nobody: Bombers around the world: *SON!!!*
Bruh, the game ad in the beginning is so tru
I love that intro
I hope they are illegal lol then I dont have to watch the ads anymore
This was brought to you by RAID SHADOW LEGENDS.
Mobile games shouldn't illegal. *cringe mobile games ads should.*
32 seconds ago and already has over 1000 likes
Fiiiiiiirrrssssstttttttt
Oh I'm early
Lets make a game theory on how disney infinity fell off oh haha 😂😂😂😂😂
This is going to be good
Hey
Dani: ima pretend i dint see this.
Start an F chain
epic
I've always been wondering this ever since I've seen those horrible ads
Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic
0:43 it me sometimes
In your last Minecraft vid you did not mention that the totem of undying looks like the symbol of life thing in Egypt . Just wanted to know if that was intentional.
Just to sum it up, nothing is legal therefore everything is illegal??.....got it
Finally an answer I've been looking for.
Hi
Damn this video was 🔥EPIC🔥
E P I C
Mobile game ads need to be stopped.
Yes
I'm early:0
Finally...
They probably are
you know what else is epic not matpat
hello
First time I've been here within a minute.
Ebic
Hai
This intro is 1000% better than those mobile ads😂
Wow
poggers
yoooo
*E*
What im so counsfed with the intro but i love this
Epic world of epic epicness
9 views 851 likes 122 comments
YOSH
Exactly ABOUT that um,no
Mobile game ads literal adult games   5 year old Timmy wow this find and search game is fun
I dunno i feel like the mobile games kinda want us to Think theyre epic
EPIC
Ello matpat how you doin have an orange 🍊
All of the mobile games are illegal are very stupid and a scam
Pog
I'm the second comment.....yay
Hi Game Theory! You are amazing! I love your fnaf and megalovina theories! <3
Early gang
First
I hate misleading ads
Hi
I've been looking forward to this
F chain go! F
*E P I C*
I got a mobile game ad watching this
EPIC GAME THEORY!
Say Hoi if u is early and Hewow if u late Hoi everyone
I first to comment i think
776th
First?
Epic
Im early
*me with Mobile games* Creminal
Mobile game is bad content.
Now that's EPIC
9 veins 340 comments math
Hi
Man I always arrive early
EPIC
EPICKK
Just as I was playing terraria mobile
Notification sqaud!
me welp I'm going to prison
Damn...last time I was this early my crush actually liked me then I blew it.
I like how people like the video before they even see the video, lol.
Ok me first its says "Now"
Hi
This video is pretty epic ngl
That's pretty epic
Ello  Tomorrow is airship  and Wednesday day my dudes
Nothing happens:    EPIC
Yes they technically they are illegal
Finally
Dang, I’m never this early
218 comments  Oh hey can I see them?  Youtube: No.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaa
Very good video!
9 views, 22 likes and 41 comments
Epic
Stoped playing a mobile game to watch this
Mobil game developers: Mm-mm, noo...
3 words:     Raid Shadow Legends.
Raid shadow legend's is *EPIC*
hey
O h , o h n o
Here before 100 comments!!!!!!
noti squad
1
I've been waiting to point this out for this for soooooo long
Hey. We love you and your channel ☺️
It ain't illegal if you don't get caught.
epic
I was just playing Plants Vs Zombies and now I can be legally worried.
"Are your mobile games illegal?" Even without watching the video i can tell that the answer will be yes lol
Fun fact no one here has finished this video
Arabic everything is a big yeah
First
epic
In the first 17 seconds
Hi
How am I early but there’s more than 400  comments
All droid users when they were younger: SUBWAY SURFER MOD APK
Love your vids matt
When your on time (not early) so you don't have anything to say XD
This video is EPIC!
Wow ppl commented 13 seconds ago that's CrAzY
First
EPIC     Day 2 of asking MatPat  to do a BFB theory.
E P I C
Im a big fan
Epic games.... 😂
Yo this video is epic
Oh yeah!! This is the time being this early.  *this comment is sponsored by RAID SHADOW LENGENDS!!*
I love illegal things
Ikr how is this allowed!?!
Awsome Vid
Thank you MatPat that was very *EPIC*
I feel like the money I spent in mobile games is illegal
This doesn't even need to asked. Mobile games are illegal
Wow now mobile games are gettin theorised and I am EARLY!!!!!
Bruh
Best Theory channel ever
EPIC
EPIC!!!
9 views, 594 likes. Keep trying YouTube, you’ll get there eventually.  EDIT: Oh this is going to be cathartic. I HATE this practice, so this should be an interesting episode.
Best described in one word Proceeds to use three words
*E P I C*
Haven't watch the full video but if this isn't illegal Federally, is sure if illegal morally.
Epic
Noice
I loved the video!  Word of the day:EPIC
542nd lol
Literally I'm a theorist I find mats videos so cool I even continue some of his theories and wrote them down
Can you feel life moving through your mind Looks like it came back for more - yeah Can you feel time slipping down your spine You try and try to ignore, yeah But you can hardly swallow Your fears and pain When you can't help but follow It puts you right back where you came Live and learn Hangin' on to the edge of tomorrow Live and learn From the works of yesterday Live and learn If you beg or if you borrow Live and learn You may never find your way Can you feel life tangle you up inside (yeah!) And now your face down on the floor, oh But you can't save your sorrow You've paid in trade When you can't help but follow It puts you right back where you came Live and learn Hangin' on to the edge of tomorrow Live and learn From the works of yesterday Live and learn If you…
Uhmmm first dislike
Lol i was just playing mobile games
Epic gamer
early
That intro was pretty *EPIC*
My games are... ILLEGAL 😳😅
when matpat finally review mobile games: ODIN IS WITH US
wait mobile games maybe illegal
Ohhhh man ive always wanted someone to talk about this but i never thought anyone cared
*E P I C*
Day 3 of asking for a theory about Tom nook and Redd
This Comment Is *EPIC*
Fine work ahead
They should be illegal. I am so annoyed.
Love your videos
the intro sounds like raid shadow legends
H o i
I mean should be
epic epic epic
Please mat make a episode on cry of fear
First comment pog?
You’ve been diu’d by drip diu Brandy
Epic
Aww I wanted to see one of those level 100 thug adds in the intro
First
epic.
Record time
I was playing flying gorilla when I got this notification
Hi
Why demonitized?
A
Hola
I was exploring r/reportneeded when this posted
122 comments *Sees only 1 comment*
The only good mobile games are the hentai ones prove me wrong statistically you can’t.
EPIC
First
Why does it say there are 11 comments yet none are visible
Mobile ads are better than most video games we've ever seen
Finally game theory will send those games in prison
Epic.
Hi game theory I love your videos keep it up!
First
Just commenting early so I can get attention ;D
Oh I am so early, that there are no comments yet there is 92 comments lol
this video is EPIC
Epic upload matpat 👌
But Pokemon Go is already illegal!?!?
So you’re my idol
Congrats if you see this comment your early
DRAGON BALL LEGENDS PLAYERS CHECK IN📝 SAY HERE
EPIC
EPIC
EPIC IS LIFE
Considering the fact that I downloaded them off sketchy websites, I'd say they are very much illegal.
2 nd comment!!
RAiD ShaDoW LeGendS Is A...    Bad game
when you want to be first,  so you comment before you finish the video
E
Please make a theory on the witcher games or the witcher on netflix
Lemme tell you something MCU means MineCraft Universe;)
Little night mares 2 theory pls
FINALLY!!! I’ve been waiting for a big creator to cover this for ages.
This world is epic
9 views 35 seconds ago
I’m here at 9 views
HAH FIRST
First
F
LOVE THAT CHICKEN FROM POPEYES
[E] Firsteth [E]
That real dead man over there EPIC
No one is first👀👀 just refresh
your 'I was here before 100,000 views' ticket
Early for..the first time-
Pls do a roblox piggy
Hey heyy
Early gang, wya?
“Congrats to Everyone who is early and who found this comment..
Well Damn Mat Pat you didn’t have todo mobile gaming like that 😂
YES MATPAT SHOW MOBILE GAMES WHOS BOSS
Eyyyyyyyyyyyy
I canceled watching GEvids to be early
Day 1 of asking for a theory on little nightmares
Too much epic I can’t take it
IF The secret ingredient is crime, Then i can cook better than Gordon Ramsey AND Spongebob working together.
Let me guess they aren't illegal  Going to update this after I watched the video Update: The games aren't illegal the misleading ads are
EPIC!!!!!
hi matpat
So we early?
Hello mat pat
Fun fact: people will read comments that have fun fact at the beginning.
i was just watching dani's videos about mobile ads.... how in the hell did this just happen?
9 views 37 comments I can’t look at and 402 likes weird
Epic
Of course they are, they are horrible and fake. False advertising
Epic
Man this video seems pretty *EPIC*
EPIC
EPIC
Epic.
I've literally never been earlier to a video thanks for the content.
EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!        O wait... ist not
Bc I’m mobile
Eyo I'm early:D also I forgot to keep my early commenting streak going so uh hi again LMAO
L
LAST IM LAST  IM LAST
This video is EPIC
According to my parents who banned games for me, they are
*ah yes last day on earth is illegal due to teaching players how to survive a post apocalyptic world*
start e chain only for early people
FIRST!!!!!
Even epic video games.
403rd like pog
epic
Yes they should be illegal .
Hello earliers
cat
First
Mobile games = TRASH
95% can't like this comment 😨😱😱😰😱😰😱
epic
How is everyone doing today
Epic
These mobile game ads are getting out of hand
No No they are not
*Epic*
9 views and 669 likes 🤪
I wish for a little nightmares 2 theory x.x
Man, these ads really are annoying as hell
🦕lovely🦕
Epic
EPIC  IM EARLY. 1 LIKE
HOW ARE PEOPLE SO FAST!?!?!?
Game theory is running out of ideas
When your early enough you might have a chance of being pinned my MatPat 😏
Reeeeee
E
Wow no comments
Intro is accurate lol
Hi, game theory.!!!!!
Hi
Day ??? OF asking for a Gemini home entertainment video
Raid shadow legends be like:
.-. How’s y’all day been?
Hi
Yay a new video
Epic
Mat pat got craizy
Epic
First, also whoever reads this have a nice day
E
24 seconds ago...
#earlygang
yay
Heyy
Epic
Finnaly
Cool
Finally early
Love your videos
epic
Lmao much love and respect mat
Heya, I'm early!
Idk 215th
wow
Poopenfartzimmer
noti gang
Game theory EPIC
Ollo
EVERYTHING IS EPIC!
EPIC
TikTok be like first
Lmao e7
The way mobile games are now, yes.    Edit: as a mobile gamer, I know a lot of great games, but I know 99% is bad
Don’t need to watch the video the answer is yes
If you see this c ooment you early
Omg 9 views epic speedrun any%
E
EPIC
Hi
b
God damn that was a great episode
This video was EPIC
FINALLY A VIDEO ABOUT HOW TERRIBLE MOST MOBILE GAMES ARE, MATPAT!!!!!
Emulators aren't, but the games themselves are.
Matpat is here!!!!
Early for the first time like 3 years👹😏
a
Epic.
EPIC
Everything? EPIC
Hi Game Theory
E
First
Those ads should be illegal
Nanananananana game theory
I sure hope so I don’t wanna see those freaking ads anymore
The Epic intro brings back memories
Yay a nice epic world
E P I C
This videos EPIC
Is CoDM illegal
EPIC
Epic
I have dubbed this add ILLEGAL
Hi
Finally, I'm early.
EPIIIIIIC
first comment
pog
More Hazbin Hotel theory plz
Already one dislike  Dude you haven't even watch the video yet
Epic epic
Can you make a episode on ranboo from the dream smp
Epic
First comment
Love ur videos
I won’t breathe until matpat responds to this comment
This video seems EPIC
Can confirm, this is a good video
One time i was playing a child friendly  game and then I got a inappropriate advert---
Claim you're early ticket here
Oh no, it’s a Free2Play!  -Game              p.s. don’t want to be that guy but second!
EPIC
I wanna eat a hotdog
E P I C
Hmm
E P I C
That's how mafia works
EPIC
*fun fact everyone is first until they refresh*
First
I've been knowing that
Wow im so early
Epic
Posted 13 seconds ago Hmmm yes, i am early
Woo
Hi
First
EPIC
[ofirst
Epic
early gang!
Hi
“My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone."
Nice video you have here matpat
me who doesnt have a phone: *laughs in console*
Mobile isn’t illegal
E P I C
First
*E P I C*
Epic
hi matpat
*Fun fact: I'm not famous now.*  *Claim your " here before I get famous ticket here🎫"*  I'm not a bot pls don't send me hates I'm sorry if I offended you
True
Wait illegal all I ever do is play mobile games
Only first hour people reply
🥲
cool
EPIC
epic
really EPIC
Epic
Love your vids!
Lol
YES IM HERE EARLY(☞ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)☞
A new record 16 seconds
Hi matpat
I hope they are.
10 viewer pog
Yes
Congrats your early!
Hi
EPIC
Comment 16 veiw 8
Sponsored by: Raid Shadow Legends
Early
Hi
Suspicious
We make our own games so they can’t be haha
Now Roblox has started doing this bullcrap  Making misleading ads
The video started really *EPIC*
Probably also kerbal space program theory please
Eee, woohoo
Poggers
Yes they are illegal, because of false advertising.
Epic games
Hiiii!!!
first
Even if they wouldn't be illegal, they should
Is this the candy crush episode but again
No
Hi
E
HELLO
What kind of title is that no way its real
EPIC
They should be
Hi
Hey mat pat your awesome
9 views 9 seconds damn 1=1 ratio
First🥵🥵🥵
Hi
OH NO! TERRARIA IS ILLEGAL!?
Why hello der
Thu fu
I hope so
definently illegal
See that game theory video? Epic
Hiya,
First. Can you make an my sining monsters theory pls
Wat
Third
Si
Can you do more Godzilla video
Hi
epic
Not first :(
First
Hi ʕ •́؈•̀ ₎
Epic
Probably
Dam that video was pretty EPIC
Hiii
I hate fake ads. 4:19 they led to some games that aren't false advertising
*Epic*
EPIC
The title seems legit
Nice new video
I’m so early EPIC
Hi
Mugs
I wouldn’t be surprised.
Pog
9 seconds 9 views nice
First
XD EPICCCC
Early
Notification squad what what
This video is EPIC
Hello
Not first
Hi 👋
First
First
Thank you for all the content.
YOOOO EARLY GANG
First
I think im first
Well no but actually yes
hi
In my opinion NO
This channel.... EPIC
They should be
E
Another epic video.
*Trust me. Idk-*
First ,Yes!
Yeet first comment
EPIC
Te epic pog moment
Epic
ePiCnEsS
First
Epic
.
Hiii
Helllooooooo we are earlyyyy
10th
What exactly?
Just when wild Rift comes un América
Nice video still very fresh
Epic
10th
Hi mat pat
EARLY GANGGGG
First
I hope
Probably   Oh look at that I'm first!
Wa
Nice
Cool
Hi
Epicccc
E P I C
hi magpat
First. I know no one cares.
Hi
Early
Hello
Epic
they might as well be
Yes
Œ
12 SECONDS BABY
Hmm
Hi
First       I just got my st jude livestream shirt and I just wanna say thanks and I am happy to be apart of this community
Im first
Hi
Ok
Your vids always make my day
ok
epic
M
Cool
for legal reasons thats a joke
First
oh
Hello
First comment and like LOl
Second becouse everyone first.
FRIST LOL OWO
First
E
Epic
Here early
First
First
Mobile games are wierd
First here
Good
Yes
First
Yes
The ads should be
I like monkes
wouldnt doubt it
hmmmmm
L
Hello
i.am.first.
Nani
First
Carrot
First
Eeeee
🇺🇸
HEEEYYY
👍 that intro is so accurate tho
Fiiiiiiiiirst
1 to like
Yes they are, how did you know?
Second
Pogers
First
Mobile Gamers
what?
Hi
Very
prob
Bruh
Epic
Not first
Nice.
1
.
Epiccc
First ¿?
Hello
Notification squad~~~
Wewee
First
First comment!
Hi
I LOVE YOU MAT PAT
He hee
What?
Hi
idk matpat are they?
Hey mat pat
Yo
I wish dude
Wooo
EARLY
A Bird approves of this video.
Hi first love you matpatt do a video on roblox!
Game time
Hi
EPIC!!!!!
Hi
Hello
9 seconds ha
I clicked this video faster than that Pat trying to make a theory on FNAF
yes.
10 SECONDS
Woah
No
First
First
Hi
Hi
Hi
First pin me please
Good vid just like on 5 days beforeit released
AHAHHAHAHHAHA
f
First
Hii
the actual first
e
E
Hi
FIRST
Ayeee
first
Cool
No
Nice
First
Hi
Nuggets
Hello
First?
3rd like
O NO NO NO
Great
Ok
Epik
I am the 69 comment 😳
E P I C
hello
First
E
Epic
1st
Z
A
Sup
First
First
Hmm...
Hi
First
First
Hi
Yes
F
:(
e p i c
a
Yas
First
THIS IS EPIC 👍🏻 (we are all nerds)
Early for once
Hi
:)
Here
A
First
Hi
I'll never be this early again
1
E
Hello mat
Hi
YES JUST LIKE THE KIDS IN MY BASEMENT
HMMmmMmmMmMMmMmMmmMmMMmMmMMMm
E
Wa
Epic
ello
Yes
mathjew patthew
E
Maybe
A
Hey
Idk
first
Hi
f
IM FORTH LETS GOOO EEEEEEEEE
Yes
T
Start an E chain 😏
