Is Irving Fryar Aqib Talib’s dad?
At least Keychain Johnson won a Super Bowl. How many QB busts alone have there been?
I thought Calvin Johnson was a number one. Guess not. Keyshawn was a good pick but probably not the best player in that draft, probably not the best wide receiver.
Fryar def dropped the ball on purpose with a scripting deal he made lol. He didn’t even try to recover it after dropping it
Whys this old ass video popping up lol
This video just goes to show it depends on who is throwing you the football
Keyshawn was the GodFather of the "diva" receivers
He didn’t even try to catch the fkn ball lol 5:46
I’m not a Nebraska fan, but growing up in Nebraska I knew exactly where you were going  with Fryar🤣💀
I was at GT when Calvin was there and was a lifelong raiders fan. I was so pumped going into the 2007 nfl draft only to be crushed. It had been happening for years, back to taking Robert gallery over Larry Fitzgerald, and would continue far into the future but 2007 hurt the most
He definitely dropped the pass on purpose you can tell by his reaction to dropping it as it’s falling hands just down by his side
15:14 His name is pronounced "tear-uhl" not "tuh-rell"
Steroids and Marino for Fryar
Keyshawn was a character.  Glad I got to watch his career.  Him and Warren Sapp were big personalities who wouldn’t get away with acting that way in today’s NFL.
Fryer definitely dropped that ball on purpose😮
I don't know how in the heck the Patriots blew Morgan and Fryar.
If the NFL knew what Sapp said, the Bucs would have gotten fined and lost picks for collusion.
Ditka changed an entire offense as well as the position itself.  And tight end has continued to evolve.  Ozzie Newsome, Kellen Winslow, Mark Bavarro, Jay Novacek, Jason Witten, Gronk, Tony Gonzalez...all of them changed the league a little bit.  Some a whole lot.
K.johnson won a superbowl
With Irving Friar, that's what happens when you go from having Dick Shitman throwing to you to having Dan the Man. You finally get to shine.
Raiders!
I don't care what anyone says, Keyshawn was a fcking beast for a long time. I remember him getting 1k yard seasons on the Cowboys with Vinny Testaverde at damn near 50 throwing to a Keyshawn that was on the wrong side of 30 and racking up yards at an alarming rate. OK, maybe that's hyperbole, but, my point still stands that he was a beast.
That catch at 8:50 was insane
It's wild that keyshawn basically had the same career numbers as Donald driver who was a 6th round pick and no where near the diva keyshawn was I always thought he was overrated I knew people who tried to put him above randy and t.o. and top guys like that which always blew my mind to me if you draft a receiver with the number one pick they need to be a hall of fame all time great resume together not a really good career for a late round pick like what driver and others like him have had
That blocking technique is hilarious
That Fryar drop is definitely suspicious… never seen a drop like that. There was no motion for completing a catch after the ball hit his hands. Hands immediately went to his sides and make no attempt to grasp at the ball or the air where the ball was. Very weird.
Jerry rice was the most talented staying healthy and playing while your 40 as a reciever is rare
Jeremiah Smith will be 4
jj smith coming soon…
That’s why he was called Meshawn Johnson
We have this stupid notion that QBs “make” WRs “better” when there’s more evidence it’s the other way around.
Irving Fryer and Cris Carter have very interesting parallel careers.
Calvin Johnson should have been the 1st overall pick, to be fair. A late-life Al Davis forced the pick for Russel through when everyone else wanted Johnson    As a Lions fan, I thank my lucky stars every day that it happened.
I'm just here to say that you can find the entire 84-13 Nebraska beatdown of Minnesota in 1983 on this platform and I only mention this because that's such a wild score to get beat down by
13:20 As a Bucs fan I’m glad you put this clip in the Keshawn section, it has always stood out in my head.
TLDW They all ended up amazing and had HoF careers!
WR’s are the biggest divas, pain in the ass players by far esp a certain kind…always drama..Marvin Harrison was supposed to a normal one remember & yet should be in jail now for murder conspiracy in Philly in 2010…look it up
Go Huskers!
5:47 It still pains me every time!
I'm sorry but how many super bowls did Calvin Johnson win exactly😮
KTO can you do a video doing all the number one QB taken and how there careers went.
Warren Sapp is a tough guy, you can see he sounded hurt about KeyShawn not being apart of the Bucs team building activities. I’m glad they at least won a ring together despite that going on behind the scenes.
Johnson is an overrated turd and should have never been a number one pick to begin with
Soooo why did u mention Irving Fryers legal issues with hjs mother well after his career n thn say but jus connsidering his on field play.  Unecessary nd very bush leauge!!!
Keyshawn was not the best receiver in his own draft.Terrell Owens and Marvin Harrison both are in the hall of fame and were the best in their era and obviously on the all time list
Does the NFL bust you for copyright?
I was born in the same hospital on the same day as one of Irving Fryers children
Sapp nailed Keyshawn period
keyshawn always over rated never lived up to anything just a loud ass mouth saw him in his prime didn't see anything special to be #1 overall he was more a top 10 not 1
Lets be honest if the raiders in 2007 didnt need a QB badly then Calvin Johnson wouldve been first overall hands down. Sucks that his entire incredible career is marked by that failed abortion Jamarcus Russell
He dropped that pass on purpose.  Facts.
KJ and TO would have been cool to see
OJ was the Best out of All the HB in the 60s- 70s
Knowing what we know now about Gruden, I wouldn't be surprised if he flung the N word at Keyshawn & that's why he turned around like that. Jus sayin'.  Not trying to defend Keyshawn's attitude or anything of the sort, but Jon wasn't a saint either.
always find it funny when whyte guys portray JaMarcus Russel as the "biggest" bust in nfl history. When you got guys like Jarod Goff and Carson Wentz, both #1 and 2 overall picks who's teams won super bowls after they were taken out the starting lineup. That's the literal definition of a bust.  Or even a guy like Baker Mayfield, another #1 overall pick who played for 4 teams in 6 years getting like 5 coaching staffs fired along the way. But according to whyte guys JaMarcus Russel is the "biggest" nfl bust ever! Sounds about whyte!🤣
GREAT VID BUT Keyshawn popular? Nah he is still hated / infamous. More tolerable as a commentator.
He definitely dropped that on purpose because he didnt even look back at it and or try to reach for it after the drop.
Maybe Keyshawn looks better in light of Gruden's later career.
irving fryer went to my high school
Keyshawn was and is a bum. Never came close to living up to a first round pick let alone #1 overall.
Keyshawn is like a little kid
History is repeating itself. The player many consider the best player in the 2024 draft happens to be a WR. Which is Marvin Harrison Jr however a QB is going to be the number one pick.
Harrison is next 2024
passing up calvin johnson for Jamaracus Russel is CRAZY
Keyshawn could’ve been so much more. I do believe a receiver will go number 1 overall  in this era. More rules against defenders and receivers are more important than ever now. It’s easier to play qb in this era to. You dont have to have the best qb in the league anymore. But i do believe you have to have a top 10 reciever. Mike evans proves that
Meshawn
If he had been in Miami his whole career. Whhooooaaaa
Marvin Harrison Jr
Wouldn’t really say Keyshawn played a huge role in the Jets turn around…Rich Kotite resigning and Bill Parcells getting hired was the main reason and the Bucs won the superbowl because they’re defense carried them Keyshawn was good but not great and I wouldn’t call him the most popular WR in the 2000s when Owens and Moss we’re in the league
Larry Fitzgerald maybe should have gone first but he came out the same year as Eli.
I liked this video, but there's only been 4 OTs taken first overall (Fisher, Long, Pace, Yary).  Number per position, in decreasing order:  QB- 35 HB- 21 DE- 13 OT- 4 LB- 4 WR- 3 TE- 2 FB- 2 DT- 2 OC- 1 DB- 1
Dude a 1000 yard season was big back then not much anymore 😊
7:27 Having loaded guns and a knife in your car is not a crime…
None of them were worth the number 1 pick. First round talent yes but first overall no.
Raider should have drafted Calvin Johnson 1 overall (instead of Ja'Marcus Russel).
Anyone who has played receiver long enough will drop an easy pass because they get so complacent.
It's pretty sad you mentioned the 12 win Jets without mentioning Wayne Chrebet
The Bucs offense worked when Key made the block. Look at the key run by Pitts play in the SB win, it was his blocking on the play. Gurden is a proven jackass at every stop.
Whatever key was pure garbage 🗑️
The best accomplishment by Keyshawn Johnson was writing a book about giving him the damn ball, lol (just kidding).  Oh yeah, and hauling in 106 receptions for one whole touchdown in 2001.  I'm mostly joking; he definitely had his highlights and won a Super Bowl ring.
Do fullbacks next
Brock Bowers is Dave Parks reincarnated
Honorable mention for Rahib Ismael.
Love Calvin Johnson, but Matthew Stafford is a king maker.
Marvin Harrison Jr should be the next #1 overall pick
Al Buddy level skills
The ending of this vid.... that's so Raiders :\
Keyshawn was a garbage pick at 1.
Keyshawn definitely great!!!
Fryar just had a trash QB in NE
Unfortunately as good as Calvin Johnson was he didn't change the lions fate, even with Stafford a pro bowl QB. Vikings at one point had Randy moss and Chris Carter , at one point Carter was considered the 2nd best reciever ever and those two together didn't do squat in the post season, even after a 15-1 season. As fun and exciting as a good reciever is without the QB they are borderline wasted talent. But a QB like Mahomes, Brady, Manning, burrow and so on can change a franchises trajectory from #1 pick to Superbowl champs in 3-5 years, sometimes less. That's why teams are constantly reaching for a QB in the draft. And there are a lot more great QBs drafted after outside the top 5 then there are #1 picks who live up to the hype and expectations. Just my opinion.
Imagine Stafford and Johnson were drafted by a well run organization. That’s a missed dynasty.
Noone knows what you are talking about when you are throwing around feet and pounds. Just use the metric system already 🙏
So if what happened to Fryar career stats going up as he aged happened today everyone would say he's on steroids.
Harrison to the bears number 1
Can you do a video on Henry Ellard? Please 🙏?
All Hail MEGATRON!
lol Kobe in that video was like WTF is this
16:22 I’m not a raiders fan but that even upsets me
Irving Fryar dropped that pass like he had money on the game.
Damn, didn’t realize Keyshawn Johnson was the last receiver in the NFL. Feel like everyone talks about how the fullback position is being phased out but no one ever brings up the total lack of receivers this past decade. Shame.
If Caleb williams suffers a major injury or comes back for another year of college, I can see Marvin Harrison JR going number 1 to the bears
The guy looks like haha davis
Keyshawn Johnson wasn't even the best WR in his draft! LOL. Why would you not mention this?! There were Hall of Fame WR's in the 1996 NFL Draft.
Why were there no good artists mentioned? Lol
I’d bet that if the Panthers get the #1 pick we see another receiver go 1st overall.
There’s also WRs who should of went #1, Bears don’t be stupid, make sure Marvin Harrison Jr goes off the board first.
Sounds like Irving Fryar could have been among the best receivers of all time with a slightly better attitude in his 20s and especially a competent team around him
Lebron james would have been drafted #1 overall if he was a football player and would have become the best ever
Megaton part made my heart swell bro my goat
You never draft a receiver who drops the game winning touch down, wide open in the end zone, when the ball is perfectly and softly place right in your hands. Never!
Keyshawn didnt live up to being #1 Only 1 year with double digit touchdowns ever.
It will take a DOMINANT wr to ever happen again. Dude would need Jerry Rice hands and route running, Terrell Owens size, and Tyreek Hill speed.
so now, chase claypool goes from the bears offense to the dolphins offense. let's see if he is revived as an nfl star.
Parcells LOVES Keyshawn and rightly so.
It’s crazy, all you need is 2 Calvin Johnson highlights…boom he da 🐐 😂😂
If Fryar had a better head on his shoulder, he likely would’ve been a hall of famer.
Damn so the patriots have been picking bad wrs pre bellicheck
Could Marvin Harrison become the 4th???
I'm not one for conspiracies but that Irving Fryar drop is extremely suspicious. He had it in his hands and then just dropped his arms.
Cowboys screwed up in 74 could of had Stallworth and Swann. Should of at least got one of them
back when sprotscenter was funny *tear*
Megatron is the man. First time I saw him watching from the UK I was amazed at his abilities
That Fryer Cornhusker drop required a closer look from the US Congress
I fucking love these videos.  That damn song that plays at the end!  Everytime.  Sneaks up on ya. Perfect.
Keyshawn Johnson, while not terrible, was greatly overrated. He was nothing more than an oversized possession receiver. Good hands, but mediocre speed. The fact that he was able to parlay his gift of gab into enough hype to convince teams that he was a #1 receiver is a credit to him & was a detriment to those teams.
If caleb williams doesnt like the team, decent shot that Marvin Harrison Jr goes first overall. I think it's well deserved, it's impossible to deny how good that kid is right now.
Did Matt Millen draft both to the Lions over players we needed? 😂
Should be 4 cause Calvin Johnson should’ve been taken ahead of JaMarcus Russell. I said it back in 2007 and I’m still saying it now
Thumbnail looks like haha Davis lol
Fryer's drop in college was on purpose.
Wait, what the fuck position is "E"?
Johnson was awfully slow to be the 1st pick in the draft.
These days Parks would probably be a tight end, especially if he can also block decent enough
Just on a bad team
Great way to make sure some people never watch another video you ever make is to stick a fuckin in video sponsor right in the middle of the goddamn video.   Do not recommend channel
Depending on the team. Marvin Harrison Junior could be number one.
Fryar was a beast. 211 yards in one half receiving. That's fucking nuts.   And he scored 4 touchdowns in one game in his like 13th year or some shit.
Keyshawn was a great possession receiver, but he was never a leader or a gamebreaker.
Keyshawn was a pretty good player but he is the worst football analyst I have ever heard.
Irving fryar proves that if you are surrounded by suck, you become suck
Keyshawn was one of my favorite players growing up as kid. His best years was with Jets without a doubt
There is the real fact on wr #1
#falseinformation from you KTO
don't like it deal with it
False more than 3
If another Calvin Johnson or randy moss comes around, he’ll go number one
Fryer tried to defraud a bunch of banks and mortgage companies? That kinda makes him awesome
I remember when Keyshawn was drafted and when he wrote his book. He was good but he was never an elite wr. He was kinda slow as far as wr's go but he was important on that Bucs team that won the SB. I dont think he will ever make the HOF cause he just didnt live up to his hype.
keon coleman going top 10 be on the look out opelousas lousiaina baby
The megatron shoutout earned you a like
The fact Irving Fryar’s best years as a RECEIVER came between ages 31-35 is absolutely bonkers 🤯. I know we have people like Jerry Rice and Larry Legend that showed it could be done, but this predates both of them - and in a less pass heavy NFL.
Keyshawn was a great talent but it was clear he didn't put the work in like a jerry rice. He played off of talent but once he talent declined he wasn't the same
I’ve never heard of Fryar before this video. Bro definitely dropped that National champ pass on purpose it literally smacked his hands and he pulls his hands apart 😂😂
Megatron was a monster!
What exactly did his legal issues tarnish? That was so irrelevant why even bring it up
As an Eagles fan getting the old version of Irving Fryar was awesome. He was a BEAST
Keyshawn might not have put up Rice numbers but he lived up to the 1st pick….in 11 seasons his worst season was 45 catches for 600 yards and he missed like 6 games that year…he averaged like 800-1200 yards a year his entire career in running style schemes…easily the most underrated WR of that era
Ofc Oj Simpson was taking in the 69 draft
Keyshawn was and still is trash
I.F. was the Guy… He had a Good Career, Woulda been Great.  Parks was a Super Savage
Nigga Keyshawn… TB Forever
So catching for 981 yards is not a good season ?
This outro goes harder than any other KTO video
Should make a video on what happened to the HB position
Great mini - documentary
Ik Oakland still sick to they stomach they ain’t draft Calvin Johnson 😂🤦🏾‍♂️
I’m just saying…that Fryar drop in the championship absolutely looked like it was on purpose. Might as well have said “Whoops 😜 “. Didnt even reach back to get it, just watched it drop to the ground and gave up on the play before it was over.
That reveal at the end of Calvin Johnson aka Megatron was passed up for J-Russell my God that's awful
Why Keyshawn look like Jamarcus russel
Keyshawn Johnson was the "He Hate Me"  LMAO  seriously though he was Definitley a skilled player!
Raiders R cursed and CRYING they missD MEGATRON still👀 JUST WIN BBY 😂... Had to do it 😂
>this video is brought to you by seat geek  No. If I didn't watch this shit you wouldn't be making it, it's brought to us by viewers like us. Simple as.
Calling it now, Marvin Harrison Jr will be drafted number 1 overall in 2024 🅾️🌰
That bit with Kenny mayne and Stuart scott was great.  RIP Stu and Kobe
Imo Saquon shoulda went #1 in ‘18
I remember watching Calvin Johnson torch a fast Miami team ehen he was at Georgia Tech. Then his combine workout was off the charts. He was a lock for being a superstar receiver and the raiders drafted Jamarcus Russell 😳
I SUPPOSE DUPER AND CLAYTON ARENT  ELITE TO KEE SHEE
This explains the HATE KEE SHE KEYSHON  HAS FOR MIAMI AND BOTH WADDLE AND TYREEK ARE BETTER THAN HIM ANYWAY
thought the thumbnail was HaHa Davis lmaoo
Also the beat at the end reminds me of somethin Dr. Dre would make & feature Eminem on it, has that late 90's early 2000's vibe
Why was Fryar even drafted #1 when his stats in college were below average?
Fryer was a coaching issue for sure
1969 😳
Love these videos but they’re always mad long lol
TJ clear myles garrett (beginning of the video). other than that great vid (:
great vid and the finish cements to this day calvin johnson the best receiver ive ever seen play
The facts are you'll never have a good passing game unless you have a running back that will pull the safety close to the line.
Geno Smith about to be Irving Fryer 2.0
Most talented is randy moss then megatron then Jerry
Tucker Frederickson…
I bet Fryer was happy to meet Dan Marino!
That Irving Fryar part was crazy; I forgot he played for the Patriots, I only really remember him for playing with the Dolphins and he was nasty. That drop in Nebraska though was demoralizing-I felt that!
Keyshawn Johnson was a WR????
I would of quit after the Nebraska game he is strong to continue after that.
🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Fryar absolutely dropped that National Title sure-TD.  Look at his hands.  He doesn't even TRY to re-catch/bobble the ball.  He just pulls his hands away.
Calvin Johnson was the best wr to ever live on my opinion
What I hate about team sports and what I think is drawing more and more to individual sports like powerlifting, boxing, mma, swimming, golf, crossfit, bodybuilding, etc.: your success is completely dependent on a bunch of other people, and very little on what you do.
10:38 rip Stuart Scott 🕊🕊🕊Should already be in the Hall of Fame
Keyshawn was right about Jon Gruden racist ass.
A linebacker was just taken number 1
Something cool I wanna say is that my name is also Keyshawn 😌
8:50 fried splayed one of the greatest catches I've ever seen. Granted I've been watching since the year after the saints won the super bowl with Drew Brees
Excellent video!
They were great, just not worth a no.1 at the end of the day
Imagine being a raiders fan. Man that's gotta sting. Russell over Megatron? 🤣
10:34 amazing ESPN commercial when espn was good man i miss those days so bad lol rip
Bill Parcells drafted Keyshawn.... With the jets, I can only imagine what could've been if he traded back, and wound up with some guy named Ray Lewis, with Bill Belichick as his D-Coordinator in NY...
As a bucs fan I detest Keyshawn.   Sapp was 100% correct.
key talked his way to #1 pick ...over rated
Ahh ''signal caller" instead of QB...i never really used to hear people calling QBs "signal callers".
15:09 2 decent seasons ?? Just cause he didn’t get 1k in years huh? Smh u gotta learn ya stuff better man
10:07 he did not say what u saying on the screen u show
FRYAR was not drafted in 1986 (9:14)
Odell OBJ and deandre Hopkins should have went number one
It goes to show that ur career is 70% based on the organization who picks you. Fryer would've been a hall of fame easily if he was drafted by someone else
If Dan had Irving early WOW IMAGINE
Sports Center used to have awesome commercials.
As a Raider fan that hurts my heart that we could have had Calvin!!
The league was trash back then.. the whole league was white stop it lol
Keyshawn played he his way out of 2 organizations. He wanted his rookie contract with Jets ripped up and Parcells said honor it and we will make you highest paid next year but he held out didnt care and was traded. then with the Bucs after winning a SB he got suspended after 10 games  next year for the year by his behavior.  so number one overall PICK NO HOF didnt amount much to this PRIMA DONNA and he had a so so career when he could have been all time great.  so here is the thing. to me Johnson has NO CREDIBILITY And yet he is on ESPN. who cares what he says he is an asshole and always was.  like his book just give me the damn ball.  he was a POS then and still is.
1:39 but only one of them is a murderer
Calvin Johnson man I wished I watched football when I was younger to witness that man dominate the field.
As a lions fan love the Calvin shoutout
👆 Wreck ‘Em
Fryer was 1984 not 86
Knowing all the racist shit Gruden said, it's hard to hold KJ's sideline tantrum against him.
Defrauding banks is so fucking cool dude
If you could find a kicker who can hit 80 yard feild goal, it's possible he'd get a 1st pick!
This was awesome thank you really informative by the way he dropped that ball on purpose
I surely thought Calvin Johnson went number 1
I’ve never seen a competent receiver drop a pass the way Fryar did, absolutely tanked that game his hands stayed at his waist after deflecting the pass he wasn’t even attempting to catch it and it was obvious
Funny story involving Keyshawn Johnson. So when I was seventeen I got locked up in a juvenial program (level 6 residential) that was located rite behing Yankees spring training field which is also located rite next to Raymond James stadium. Alot of the programs staff were ex football players and ex basketball players who still had connections to the league. Long story short in 2003 the year the Bucs won the superbowl with Keyshawn Johnson he had rented out a celebration station for the troubled youth and did a meet and greet as well as played all the kids in marvel vs Capcom and I destroyed him though I must say he was good. He was kinda a cocky asshole and said he couldn't sign any of our t-shirts he gave us because of his nike contract. Didn't really make sense since they were nike shirts.oh 6eah BTW this is my girls account Brianna. My name is Keith and the program was called Leslie Peter's residential program.
TBF to Keyshawn its not like its out of character for a superstar wideout to be a basket case. I mean, obj, ochocinco, moss, AB, Terrel Owens,  the list literally goes on and on. I think the character comes with the position and the pressure of stardom it has on them. Many times these types of athletes also have contracts that only pay bonuses based on performance and they need those touches to get there, something not mentioned when talking about wideouts wanting more touches.
Irving Fryar dropped that ball on purpose. Point shavers are still playing in the league today too, it's just that no one investigates them anymore. They convinced the blind that everything is on the up, even when they see blatant sports tampering unfold right in front of their eyes. It's just like politics. Politicians could rape a child on national TV and half of America would cheer them on, especially democrats. They LOVE sexual deviance.
Chase should’ve went #1
Fryar 1000% dropped that pass in the championship on purpose.
"There HAVE only been".....If you expect to be an influencer, then learn some grammar.
a older Fryar  even had better numbers with the Eagles under Detmer and Peete  than in  Miami,  WTF?
Seeing kitana Carter as a 1 the year before keyshawn was painful lol
the last thing Irving Fryer caught was a case 😂
The jets really needed it ... However, they could've traded out of the position and gained a pick and still taken a WR 😉
Calvin is most definitely the most talented receiver to ever play. I know Rice is the goat and some people may put Moss ahead of Calvin. But if you had to create the perfect receiver, Calvin is what you would create. No other receiver has ever possessed size, speed, athleticism, hands, route running, and football iq like Calvin.
Just tells me that Fryar was in the wrong offense with a shit QB.
Seems to me like they all panned out well
That's what happens when black guys don't do what they're told, too bad nobody will talk about it
Of course you pick the white hype QB to be your representative... Not Mahomes, the MUCH BETTER qb...
Fryar definitely dropped that ball on purpose. I never seen that play til now. He point blank had it and dropped it
Fryar is the ultimate embodiment of the expression "A good QB can make a bad receiver look good, but even the best receiver can't make a bad QB look good."
The draft itself is a crap shoot but WR's and QB particularly it seems to be far harder to hit on.
Looks like he dropped that ball on purpose.
Keyshawn was a beast at USC... then throw in his size.... hard not to take him. I guess looking back you take Ray Lewis?? Or Eddie George?? Rice and Hardy were studs at Illinois... that was an interesting class looking back. Lawrence Phillips looked like a can't miss pick in that draft as well.... he was unreal... but that didn't work out very well. Marvin Harrison and Jonathon Ogden in that class as well. R.I.P. Terry Glenn
@0:33, Did you ever watch the show "Coach"? On the show, the characters want to draft Keyshawn Johnson, but Keyshawn doesn't want to play for them.
Interesting how there were three different themes, all common and befitting their era. Dave Parks had a great start but got hurt a lot because football was even more physical then than it is now. Irving Fryar was a cool redemption arc (at least.... for a time), but he benefitted tremendously from having a quarterback a million times better than what he was used to. And then Keyshawn pretty much beat himself with his own ego, which is what 21st century receivers are generally known for. (Even though he was undeniably good at football.)
Let's not skip over how good the 99/2000  Bucs defense was.... they held the "the greatest show on turf" Rams to 11 points in the NFL Championship
Tell you what. I was a kid when the 49ers drafted Dave Parks. He was all Brodie had till Gene Washington and Ted Kwalick came along. To bad he didn't stick around. Might'a beat those Cowboys. He would've been a great third recieving threat. Something they never had then.  Dwight Clark was a spitting image of Dave Parks playing on the field. Both tall deceptive fast great hands posession recievers
Fryer straight up dropped the pass intentionally in that college game. He was way too chill with the lack of effort to gather it. Considering his shady past, I'd lean towards believing he was betting on something in that game to drop it. Just my opinion. The ESPN commercial is a gem
Ahh, remember when Sportscenter was funny, relevant, informative, and not a cesspool of woke virtue signaling asshats?
Jerry Rice > Calvin Johnson
I sat next to Mike Ditka on airplane and poor dudes body was beat to hell.  He had to keep his right leg straight in the aisle the entire flight.   Also sat next to Sgt Slaughter in airport and he could move better than Ditka.  Both chill and quiet.
Damn, he 100% dropped that on purpose
MeShawn turned out like every other diva WR.
Calvin Johnson wouldn’t have been THE Calvin Johnson we know if he has gotten drafted by the Raiders at that time
As much as i hate it, you cant lie and say quarterback isnt the most important positon in sports... can have pro bowlers at all 21 other positions and still lose alot if your qb is trash
Did friar just have a bum at qb? I wasn’t around to watch when he played and can’t wrap my head around his numbers. If his mid 30s were so good you would think the years before would be all time great numbers
Dude.... You just had to bring up the Calvin Johnson thing didn't you? As a Raiders fan anytime Jamarcus Russell or CJ is brought up I want to cry
If you ask Keyshawn, he's a legend.
That last clip... Stafford: We really need to score on this play. Calvin, just run into the end zone and I'll lob it up to you. Johnson: No problem; they're only triple-covering me.
Great job by the Patriots trading away Irving Fryar then immediately drafting Drew Bledsoe.
Look like haha Davis like a mf
8:01 bro definetly bet on the dolphins
I like Calvin Johnson a lot, BUT the title of the MOST talented receiver DEFINITELY goes to Randy Moss
Johnson and Johnson who was the 3rd one
9:13 I guess Bo Jackson was a cool pick but I thought we were talking about Irving Fryar here.
The issue is not what position is most important but how rare or hard it is to find a game changer. Good backs and receivers can be found throughout the draft but quality qbs, de, tackles are much harder to find
Keyshawn is great on espn morning show during NFL season
Parks basically gronk in da 60s
9:16 84' not 86'
Fryer...typical thug.
6:45 That guy is not giving 100...
Looks like the secret to success as a #1 draft pick as a receiver is to have Dan Marion throwing to you.
I think you mean “There have only been 3…”
"he's as cool as the other side of the pillow".  I miss Stuart Scott 😭
In an alternate universe The Raiders selected Calvin Jonhson, tanked the next year, and drafted Matt Ryan the next year.
Both Fryer and Rosier got paid off for that games.
Calvin Johnson is the best receiver ever if you didn’t factor in Super Bowls and career longevity
Irving Fryar is a beast in Tecmo Super Bowl.
To say historically is incorrect. If you said most recently then yes. Historically, in years past, RBs were taken #1 when a run first offense was more common.
So grateful for the random Stu Scott interlude. Booya!
Keyshawn's greatest receiving year only had 1 TD? 1200 yards and 1TD? No way
I think we need a full video on players that revolutionized the tight end positon.  Ditka, Gonzales, and WInslow to name a few would be a decent video idea.
Disappointing video, just talking wreck less about K. Johnson! 🤦🏾‍♂️
Calvin Johnson should've been the selection not JaMarcus
Calvin Johnson should've been the selection not JaMarcus
I didn't know that. Excellant report.
How they did you yes man Sapp 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💯💯💯💯💯💯 fuck chucky Gruden see he didn't want no smoke
I listen to Keyshawn every morning. I never got to see him play I was 1 when he was drafted.
That 1996 ESPN commercial was gold 😂  RIP Kobe and Stuart Scott 😢🤟🏾
Shouldve been Randy Moss Randy Moss and Randy Moss.
Megatron was definitely the most talented receiver ever!!!
wayne chrebet was a better receiver than johnson point blank! Johnsom wasnt the best receiver in his fraft! Terrell Owens and Marvin Harrison were far superior! Even in Tampa when they got the ring he wasnt the best on that team either! USC has had great players but theyve had garbage players that were drafted too! Keyshawn was very very overrated! Him and Reggie Bush!
Great video
Key never should have been the #1. He was good but never truly elite. He was slow, ran average routes but was a big bodied contested catch monster. He was a possession receiver that was able to win downfield with raw size. I wanted Simeon Rice at the time because my team needed a DE something terrible. Ironically, I am a Bucs fan, so we had both Key AND Simeon Rice on that 2002 title team.   Using conventional wisdom, they should have taken Ogden #1 overall. Ogden was at least a good a prospect as Keyshawn, probably better, and played a much more valuable position. In hindsight, Ogden was one of the best two players in that draft, along with Ray Lewis.
As a packers fan, I always felt Stafford murdered his career by being with the lions, I’m glad he got out and got some recognition
Irving Friar in his era is what we see in Dez Bryant in this era, a over hyped Big 8/Big 12 WR who had talent but was hardly worthy of being a great WR. Keyshawn Johnson being a No.1 overall pick shows you how bad the Jets are for evaluating talent  Keyshawn was mentally weak and his NY time he was constantly outplayed by the small school white WR Wayne Cherbet  His give me the damn ball act was like Jimmy Butler in the NBA saying build the bream around me.
Lol well we know what happened to Gruden....Keyshawn got the last laugh...
No matter how much actual talent Keyshawn had you have to look at him as a draft bust for the New York Jets.  He wasn't as bad for them as Blair Thomas of course but he was pretty disappointing for sure.
I think it was Grambling University that did a personality study on football players. This study centered on player handwriting. Apparently there are many psychological markers that can be drawn from signatures. The average offensive lineman had the most conservative and modest signature indicating the highest level of teamwork and group sacrifice. The average wide receiver, however, scored the absolute worst on teamwork and modesty, while boasting a near sociopathic level of self-centeredness. Funny how it is a rare, top end wide receiver who lasts his whole career with one team, and rarer still, one who isnt a on field/off field distraction. Prima dona's.
Keyshawn was so overrated. The only 6’5 black athletic WR to ever make his living catching slants.
Bro his last 3 years weren’t even that bad 6+ tuddy too lmaooo
Absolutely PHENOMENAL way to end the video.!!!!!
Gotta love sapp
7:00 ahhhh the good old 80’s when coke was coke
Defrauding banks and mortgage institutions? That’s fuckin awesome
The outro was legit!  Nice job
If the USFL & the NFL weren't battling for draft picks do you think Irving Fryar would have still went number one? 🤔
As a raiders fan you didn’t have to include that last part it’s already painful enough.
Warren Sapp is one of the realest players to ever play the game 💯
This is a really good video @NFL
Nice job on this vid.
Anyone see at 2:00 Mike Ditka grabbing dudes whole face mask?😂  Dragged him all the way to the ground with the ball in his hand!  The game has changed so much!
He definitely didn’t try to catch that ball in the orange bowl look at his attempts prior he was so advocate on doing what he could to get the ball he would’ve dove for it it’s not like it dropped that far off from him
Man. Sportscenter is not the same! That commercial was 🔥🔥🔥
Bottom line The drafts a crap shoot .
Parks was a hell of a athlete . That boy could run and he had some strong hands.
Nice work on this video.
Damn....it did look like Irving Fryar dropped that ball on purpose.
I miss Sapp as a contributor
Bosa should've went #1
Rb's should be allowed to enter the draft 2 years after they graduate HS
Defrauding a Bank shouldn't be a crime.
It's crazy looking at Megatron highlights and just how much bigger he was than most defenders lmao
RIP Stuart Scott.
Keyshawn is a joke. Won a super bowl he never played in and still wears his ring on tv.  What a clown.
Damn you make such amazing videos. And I love the end with music starts rolling. Gets me everytime!
Calvin Johnson should have gone #1.
Irving Fryar, Michael Timpson, and Tyrus McCloud attended my church at the same time in the early 90's in South Florida for years.
Irving Fryar is one of *THE* best late bloomers in NFL history.
If I have to compare Dave Parks to anyone today, it would be a mix of George Kittle and DK Metcalf.
Keyshawn is still an unintelligent, selfish, arrogant know nothing loud mouth to this day!  How they put him on NFL talk shows is beyond me, complete buffoon, some things never change!
Can you do the 49ers and raiders rivalry?
Dope vid
Short answer - no. Don't take a WR as 1st overall.
I love your channel and I know its probably hard to get all the info to make the vidoe but I'd really like to see more consistency. Regardless I'm still here to watch these videos because theyre amazing
To say if any of these guys lived up to the 1st overall pick is tough, Dave Parks was a 3x Pro Bowler and 2x All Pro but he was part of a draft class that had 11 total Hall of Famers. 3 of those Hall of Famers were wide receivers, sure injuries were a factor but Parks is 4th in career yards of all players in that 1964 class.   Keyshawn was good but considering Marvin Harrison and Terrell Owens were also available plus Muhsin Muhammad, then tough to truly say.   Irving Fryar was the only receiver to actually lead his draft class in yards, receptions and touchdowns so he seems to be worth the pick but considering how weak the 1984 draft class was, then Fryar by default would be worth the first overall pick. He is tied for the most Pro Bowl appearances out of all players from that draft class with 5.
Bro u made a videoon Marian barber and now he's gone. He needed help
I remember the 2007 Draft when the Panthers picked Dwayne Jarrett out of USC and KJ, who was moonlighting as a draft guy on ESPN or NFL network, had a video call with him saying he was gonna teach Dwayne how to play the WR position only to be cut the next day by the Panthers. I always thought that was funny.
Wasn’t Jerry Rice picked 1st overall
🤣 when ESPN use to be good
Ayo this dude went to the high school I’m going to now. Wildddddddd
Good video
Irving went #1 because Rozier and Steve Young went to the USFL and the teams who had the pick traded down. He is no way a #1 pick like Keyshawn.
That’s funny too cause Al Davis always loved receivers… and for them to pick ja Marcus over megatron is nuts….
Key was definitely not worth #1 overall
BRING BACK THE MUFS
This is quality content man keep it up!
Gruden? Gruden has receipts on the type of man 👨 he is and how he gets down in the white room.
Calvin Johnson was going to be number 1 until AL Davis stuck his nose into the coaches and gms plans. Lane Kiffin the plan was to pick Johnson. Al Davis saw Russell's bowl game and overruled everyone. Keep in mind Davis only saw Russell play once.
Do forgotten NFL stars
Cool video. I had never heard of Dave Parks.
I remember having friends that had no idea Mike Ditka was a tight end and not a linebacker until I told them lol.
Hello everyone Just wanted to tell you all that 🌟Jesus loves us all give your life to Christ, He died for our sins repent and trust in Him alone.His return is soon God bless you all Amen🙏🏾,Have a blessed day 😁❤️
Can you do a video on the evolution of football positions? Like super in depth! Why is flank not a position anymore, or why did split end change to wide receiver
4:59 I have that exact Pro Set football card of Irving Fryar.
And I bet the raiders were wishing they would have snagged Calvin Johnson over JaMarcus russell with that 1st pick
I believe some players don't realize they're full strength until they're in their thirties
All hail Megatron!
Lmao the music starts while the camera is on JaWalrus Russell. Boy I thought KTO lost his got damn mind
Dios te bendiga y Dios bendiga a Todos los que estan leyendo esto! Deseo que tengan un hermoso dia! Buscad a Dios mientras pueda ser hallado! Jesus es el camino y el unico camino y regresa pronto! Recuerda cuando te sientas que no eres amado... el mayor sacrificio se hizo por amor! EL SUICIDIO NUNCA ES LA RESPUESTA!   Porque de tal manera amó Dios al mundo, que ha dado a su Hijo unigénito, para que todo aquel que en él cree, no se pierda, mas tenga vida eterna. S. Juan 3:16 RVR1960   La paga del pecado es muerte (infierno) pero Cristo pagó nuestra deuda en la cruz para nuestra salvacion! Debemos volvernos a Dios y apartarnos de nuestros caminos pecaminosos, confesar que Jesús es el Señor y creer con nuestro corazón que fue resucitado de entre los muertos por Dios, y  debemos de ser bautizados en el nombre del Padre, del Hijo y del Espíritu Santo y vivir por Su palabra y mandamientos! Confia que Dios ayudara con el resto!   Busca a Dios, antes de que sea muy tarde! Hoy podria ser tu ultimo dia en la tierra!   Que tengas un hermoso dia!  ---❗️❗️❤️❤️
God bless you and God bless anyone reading this! Hope you have an awesome day!  Seek him while you can! Jesus is the way  and the only way and he is returning soon! Whenever you think you aren't loved... Remember the ultimate sacrifice was for love! ENDING YOUR LIFE IS NEVER THE ANSWER!   For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. John 3:16 KJV   The wages of sin is death (hell) but Jesus paid our debt on the cross, for our salvation! We must turn to God and away from our sinful ways, Confess Jesus is Lord and believe with our hearts that he was risen from the dead by God, and we must be baptized in the name of the Father, the Son and The Holy Spirit and live by His word and Commandments! Trust that God will help with the rest!   Seek God today before it's too late! Today could be your last day on earth! Have a blessed day!  ----❗️❗️❤️
Terrell Owens basically had the career people thought Keyshawn Johnson was supposed to have.  Keyshawn was very good but was never great. Plus he was a headache and then some. The juice was never worth the squeeze.
Stuart Scott LEGEND. That commercial was ELITE.
👀👀🔥🎯 https://youtu.be/aJ4oSK22Uyg
Man that suit from keyshawn 😂😂😂
Keyshawn Johnson was the no.1 pick in 1996 there was two other WR taken in that draft later & both are HOF Marvin Harrison picked 18 & Terrell Owens taken in the 3rd round.
Eh, I think AB makes Keyshawn look like a choir boy. Of course he makes just about anyone look like a choir boy.
16:30 Classic Reggie Ball
Fryer definitely threw that game. Man wasn’t even looking at ball when he dropped it.
That Calvin Johnson grab in the endzone was more a result of HORRIBLE coverage..(the two defenders in front of him, one mis timed his jump early, and the other lost sight of the ball(or never had it to start with) and was to the side of the play... and the last guy who was behind Johnson did everything right, but Johnson was just bigger and was in front so he had no Chance.
Catching a TD from 19 different qbs is insane. That record won't be broken
Just shows Wide Receivers should not be drafted #1 overall; they can't accomplish much without at least a decent quarterback.  Even Randy Moss looked like he was finished with the Raiders; goes to Patriots and puts up record numbers.
1984 First overall pick*. At end of talking about IF you said 86 First overall pick. Great video tho.
Never heard of this Dave Parks. Seem like he'll fit perfectly in today's game
They should start calling receivers Flankers, Split ends and Slotbacks  again. They never stoped saying tight end so why stop using the others.
Keyshawn is from cali.  Warren Sapp is from Plymouth FL. Warren, Keyshawn ain't about what we're about dawg.  Fr. That's showtime right there. You can't expect him to "buy in".
The Nebraska drop killed him.  He wasn't mature enough to handle something like that whether he tried to throw the game or not.  It took him yrs to get over it and along the way that immaturity showed up. Then came Dan the man!! The savior.  Is Fryar in the hall?
As a lions fan I thank Raiders nation for leaving us Megatron.  I just wish we would've treated him better.
As a life-long Lions fan, I would like to thank the entire front office and staff of the 2007 Oakland Raiders for botching their pick.
RIP Scott & Bryant
.
Jordy Nelson has arguably had a better career. Nope tds, better yards per reception, comeback player of the year,  and wasn't even a number 1 wr for the majority of his career
Irving Fryar at the end of his career had Marino and Randall Cunningham throwing him the ball. Not bad, not bad at all
Just break my heart at the end.
I played against Keyshawn Johnson Jr., the kid that Keyshawn was holding in the super bowl victory pic, in high school for the cif southern section championship. Let me just say, chip off the ol’ block. Kid was the best player on the team.
Can u please do a video on Don Shula the most winning head coach of all time and the only perfect season head coach, along with being a 2 time superbowl winner, and coached 3 hof qb's and so much more. Hes not praised and talked about enough. Can you please do a video on him.
The Gruden Altercation with what we know now, really paints that whole event in a new light. Gruden never changed, he's always been a piece of shit, he's always been a sexist creep and racist. He's always been a mediocre and overhyped coach who has volatile relationships with players. Not saying the wr was in the right, Keyshaun clearly had no interest in putting in the work to take his game to the next level, but just reminding people that Gruden is the problem 99/100 times
LOL JETS
They aren't the most important position on the field,   they are the 3 positions with the most rare skill sets.   Most important person is the Center,  they guy who starts with the ball.
Fryer was on NE and they were garbage . Could you imagine him on Miami in 1984? Dan might have got a ring .
Johnson was actually a great player he was not given the ball enough with jets if he had 12,000 yards hed probably be instantly in the hall of fame
I still feel like Keyshawn could have been great. But he didn’t want the work. I don’t agree with Sapp on much but he’s got him there. He was TO before TO. TO was obviously better but
I rather have a CB than a pass rusher in today's league to many wr with serious speed. QBs getting rid of the ball faster than ever now too.
That's all Gruden faults
What the heck was that drop by Irving Fryar @6:00 ?? It looked like he wasn't even trying to catch the ball and never made any reaction to recover it after it initially bounced off his hands.
you call that blocking? @1:56
The 60s and 70s players are so boring to talk about
I have family in nebraska i always liked fryar but he definitely falls in that list of not no 1 pick great but still a really good all pro player and theres a lot of those guys
I’ve never liked Keyshawn Johnson🤣
I was thinking "Wonder if KTO will say something about Megatron being a #2"    Did not disappoint!  Great video as always.
Bring back the "meet the" series do Sean Taylor and name it "meet the hardest hitter in his draft"
Huh, who knew I went first overall....  Yes I know it wasn't me & that our names whilst the same are spelt completely different.
Shaht aht seatgeek. #1 ticket buying platform on earth... And the moon
I wonder if these guys were drafted first because they seemed to be generational talents and absolutely amazing beyond any other, or if people just see too many risks associated with drafting a receiver 1st overall.
Don’t like Warren Sapp, but everything he said was true
Man keep up the great work. Your videos are always well put together.
None of them were true all time greats, but at the same time none were busts.
That dropped Nebraska pass was definitely sus just by looking at it. Like he barely was looking for the ball despite being wide open. Also it bounces off his hands and he makes zero attempt to grab it again not even so much a moving his hands.
Wasn’t football more run heavy back in the 80’s?
Calvin Johnson 100% should have been the number 1 overall
Not only was JaMarcus a big bust, he has a big bust as well. 36DD if I remember correctly.
I'll always be convinced Fryar intentionally dropped that ball. Just the way his hands immediately fall to his hips without any second effort to go after the ball does not look like a receiver trying to make a catch.
Keyshawn definitely blew up at gruden because he had problems specifically with him, not because didn’t go to voluntary workouts in 2000 with the previous staff.
Fryer played until the year Brady was drafted. Wow.
Second best measurables all time behind only Calvin Johnson. Pick 32 Christian Watson will have Aaron Rodgers putting it in his hands.
Somebody gotta ask Keyshawn what that route was @ 11:00
The Raiders would have wasted Calvin Johnson too.
Can someone describe each of these players in basketball terms?
Crazy fact, one man has more SB wins than any NFL franchise.
Keyshawn was a bust!
Fryar was told to drop the pass, it was obvious he didn't make the extra effort to catch the ball. In Philip Rivers last year with the Chargers he was told to throw INT's so the Los Angeles Chargers could draft Justin Herbert.  Russell Wilson had Beast Mode to hand the ball to but he was told to throw an INT so Golden boy Tom Brady could "win" another SB. It's painfully obvious the NFL is rigged & so are all pro & college sports that are wagered on. The I11UMINATI control sports
I'm sorry but that catch at 8:48 is better than a lot of mosses we see now, todays look better but to catch a underthrown low pass headed right at the defense while still moving forward is insane. when its above u can bring ur hand down with it, stabilizing it but when its low u have to completely snatch that thing
KEYSHAWN WAS GARBAGE...!!!! So was CALVIN BOTH JOHNSONS...!!!! OVERATED BOTH OF THEM.
Great Video Idea "Best 'Mr. Irrelevant' in NFL History"
By volume, WR’s dominate overall rounds 1-3.
Mark my words, Jaxon Smith Njigba will be a number 1 pick
Why take so much credence in what warren sapp says.?! He says a lot and it is rarely accurate, he said Odell is average when Odell was at he’s peak and said The Rock was talentless pretty much
90’s Nebraska was simply built different
GOAT WR, Randy Moss
Gonna go out on a limb and say Calvin Johnson was the #1 pick in the draft Not JaMarcus Russell 😆 😂
why did you use such weird backround music... great video though
Megatron is one of the players in the last two decades most deserving of a ring or two, too bad the Lions can't let go, when they really should.
Screw SeatGeek. We’ve all heard of them by now.
Doesn’t Keyshawn Johnson have a show? 😂😂😂
oh no. not gang activity and selling crack rocks 🪨 that's unheard of in that Culture of Americans!!
Thanks for highlighting the elite level play of Atlanta great, Megatron! Hotlanta, GA Tech, stand up!
You can take the most gifted / talented players out of USC; but you can’t get the USC out of them… Keyshawn, Bush, Leinart, Plunkett.
concussions r bad
The reason is a team can win without big time receivers. Plus guys like Key, who are always yapping, eventually sap the energy out of a team. Narcissis are the worst people to constantly be around.
@7:41 jeez lol, this made stayed in the league after all that, I thought he was gonna get locked up forever after his list of crimes. Really was a different time.   Edit: Of course they finally got him for a white collar crime xD
Here’s some extra context. Calvin was never really loved by some Detroit fans because many in the fanbase has this irrational love of linemen. I saw one guy who never stopped whining the team didn’t take Joe Thomas instead (Thomas was incredible, but Calvin was no consolation prize).   I still see fans screaming how little the Lions spend on their trenches because, 20 years ago, they took back to back to back WRs. They don’t care about back to back to back to back OL/DL. (Suh, Fairley, Reiff, Ansah) they STILL harp on Matt Millen.  I guess what I’m saying is I’m firm in believing this is a phenomenon unique to this fanbase where they got more excited the Bengals passed on Sewell so they not only got him….but so they DIDNT TAKE Chase.  Seriously. There used to be poll where people would say “who would Millen have taken?”….in the Ansah draft….somebody said “Hopkins! Lol”. Yeah.  Just saying the Lions fans are notorious for not knowing how awesome Calvin was. The day he retired I encountered this jag off who literally screamed at me because Calvin didn’t have a REAL presser where he cried and thanked fans. Literally.  The disrespect the guy had from fans. I was glad he got out & still miss him,
crazy how my raiders were mentioned for 2007’s blunder of russell and indirectly for the 2002 superbowl i hate my life LOL
This video is great
As a Broncos fan I would’ve cried having to watch us play against Calvin Johnson twice a year
Matt Stafford is a good quarterback in my opinion, but man imagine if Calvin Johnson would have been with a different organization.
Calvin was the best ever
If any receiver ever was worth a #1 overall pick, it could only have been Calvin Johnson.... and the Raiders found a way to fuck it up.  And don't come at me with Randy Moss could have been #1 overall cuz Peyton Manning was in that draft and you are always taking him #1 over Moss.  QB is too valuable.  edit: you could say Jerry Rice since that draft basically only had Bruce Smith that would have been a tough decision, and he actually did go #1 overall.   But Rice probably would have been worth the #1 overall too.
What Sapp said is everything about Keyshawn. Nothing special. The other 2 #1's were better. Keyshawn will eventually fall of all those lists.
Funny thing about keyshawn draft was that another WR by the name of Terrell Owens was taken in the third round and was much much better
That draft must have been booty for Key to go #1 overall.
You are the best at what you do
We found out later Keyshawn was right about Sapp and spot on about Racist Gruden
10 Of The World's Funniest One Liners!  1. For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism. 2. Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.  3. Eschew obfuscation. 4. Give me ambiguity or give me something else. 5. A day without sunshine is like, night. 6. Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.  7. Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way. 8. We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.  9. I didn't use to finish sentences, but now I  10. God made mankind. Sin made him evil.   Perhaps one of the world's most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.Visit needgod.com
Can you do a a full video on Keyshawn Johnson's football career?
Realistically lions went winless in CJ rookie year idk who’d be throwing megatron passes thou
I never thought key was TOP FLIGHT wideout but didn’t know he was that good for the jets
The wild part about Keyshawn was T.O was right there in the 4th round or later
Irving Fryar could’ve really suffered wild mental health issues in New England BUT Miami had him looking canton Ohio bound….
There “have been,” not “has been.”
For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.   (1 John 5:3)
I think jamar chase really opened up the chances on a receiver going number 1 overall. Re uniting a star receiver with his college qb can do miracles for the team… wouldn’t be surprised if we see another receiver go number 1 overall soon.
Its weird seeing tackles going first because everyone knows that no one wants to draft a tackle first everyone wants skill positions
It's still crazy to me that the lions went winless with Megatron and Stafford
Extra credit if you know where the phrase throw me the damn ball originated.
lmfao cracks me up how you don't back Baker anymore bro.
I've burped my side piece at least 5 times to your outro
Wasn't Keyshawn Johnson also the first Wide Receiver to have/wear a non-80 something number? I think he changed the trend for receivers to wear numbers in the teens.
Fryar seems to have the Vinnie Testaverde career for WRs.  As a Jets fan, Keyshawn was awesome, but nobody shed too many tears when left especially when pick turned out to be John Abraham(who in turn became Nick Mangold).
As a lions fan, I loved the end of the video. Calvin Johnson is one of the most freakish talents of all time and it sucks he never got a ring because (I am biased) I think he is the best receiver of all time.
Gahdammit. I knew that Megatron bit was coming at the end. #RN4L
Ive disliked keyshawn since i was a kid because i sent him a letter with a card to sign and the reponse i got was to pay a yearly membership fee to be in his fan club.....12 year old me didnt approve hahah
KJ🏆. T.O.🚫. I still knew when my Cowboys cut Keyshawn, we were getting T.O.
To be fair: Lane Kiffin (Head Coach of the Raiders in 2007) wanted to draft Calvin Johnson with the first overall pick. After Jamarcus had his performance in the Sugar Bowl, Al Davis overruled him and the rest was history.
Can’t stand Keyshawn
Well glad to see that my Pats still don’t know how to draft at the skilled position
Fryer was a rare receiver who was better in his 30s than he was in his 20s.
That Kobe and Keyshawn commercial is awesome
If the USFL wasn't around, Fryer would not have been the #1 pick.  It would have been Steve Young or Mike Rozier.
So none of them were great but they were all pretty good
Lol Keyshawn Johnson
I love that KTO some how always finds a way to show highlights of someone destroying everybody at the end of his videos
DDP
That was a cool ending; and, it was a great video overall. Thanks for posting!
I don’t i know if this helps but KTO was the first I heard of Seatgeek from wayy back in 2018 I think?
yeh HAHA Davis was a beast on the field
KTO!!! Man you did a phenomenal job with this video!!!
As a life long fan of the position, this was solid. That ending, was incredible. I blurted out MEGATRON like some kind of dying Decepticon as the image revealed his name. Well done.
V
I didn't think Nebraska threw a single pass in the 20th century
KTO never misses
Only three I figured there where like 5-6
Do the lions drafts under Matt Millen. Highlight all the hall of famers he didn’t draft Lmao
If J'Marr Chase came out in this draft you'd have to think he'd have gone #1 right?
The one time the Raiders didn’t draft a tall fast guy turns into a HoFer
Nfl Football is great
He only needs 1 damn hand! Lmfaooooo boomer is fucking comedy
keyshawn johnsons biggest problem was keyshawn johnson. he was good but he was never great and the only way he is comparable to AB was his garbage attitude and ego
who would u prefer Megatron or Jerry Rice..ill take Rice thnx...
:)
So Keyshawn really changed two really bad organizations. Jets winning 12 games which hasn’t been passed since ‘98 and got traded to the Bucs and won them a Super Bowl.
I love the way you transition to your endings oh my goodness lol
KTO delivering the goods as always
Key was nice for never having a legit QB. Give him Farve and he legit could’ve been the goat
you’re my favorite sports youtuber after jxmy highroller
The Crime in Sports Podcast does a great episode on Irving Fryar.  I highly recommend it.
As game changing as WR can be, non is worth a #1 pick in any draft. Moss for example, definitely #1 worthy, but he had Charles Woodson and Peyton manning that rightfully went before him. Jerry Rice had a bad class but Bruce Smith is a game wrecker and worthy of being picked first. I love KJ19, but not worth it.
Edgewood content and thank you for that Stuart Scott clip we lost a good one
So, basically imagine is Keyshawn was a team player, was involved 100% like many others, practicing and workouts, watching tape. Keyshawn basically did as well as he did in the NFL because he felt like it. But imagine what could have been.
I  knew you were going to end the video with JaMarcus vs Megatron.  This is why KTO is amazing
just remember, Keyshawn was only picked bc Peyton Manning decided to stay in college for another year.
That’s why I love these videos never knew Keyshawn was that man 🔥
Fryer has a crazy story and career in retrospect. Surprised I had never heard of him.
Calvin Johnson is not as talented as Randy Moss... no way
Calvin Johnson still makes me so sad. Possibly the best reciever ever, and he wasted his entire career with a team that wasn't ever even relevant in the first place
he was NOT in the running for MVP lol . Jim Brown absolutely killed his competition 🤣
Just think if the Packers and Raiders would have accepted the trade of Randy Moss for backup Aaron Rodgers then the Raiders wouldn’t have taken Jamarcus Russell at #1 and they could have accepted Calvin Johnson. Meaning we would have seen the duo’s of Aaron Rodgers & Calvin Johnson and also Brett Favre & Randy Moss.
that Fryar drop was absolutely on purpose. no second effort, just put his arms to his side....
Please do a video on sportscasters. Start with Stewart Scott. Hands down the best imo
Me personally if I'm AGM of an NFL team I would talk to the owner and I would explain to him why I think trading the number one overall pick for more pics is a better move than keeping it. The NFL has been doing the draft for 86 years 6 years as of right now do you know how many guys who were drafted number one overall and ended up in Canton Ohio only 15. That's right only 15 men who were drafted number one overall ended up in Canton Ohio the last guy drafted number 1 overall and made it to Canton Ohio is Payton Manning. I think trade and away and getting like 3 Years where you have 2 1st round picks is more valuable than then just guarantee anyone you want in the NFL. When your team has the number one overall pick that means in the previous season it finished deadlast at last it needs a lot more than just 1 guy is 1 guy coming in to fix everything and needs a lot more than just a quarterback.
Warren Sapp is a football player Keyshawn is a player always wanted farve n Sapp on the same team
Irving was da bomb in Philly
That pass to Fryar that he dropped looked fishy but your prime is 30 to 34
Far as guys like Fryar and AB go, these owners pay em millions to go knock their heads around and wonder why boneheaded shit happens. What was Kyrie saying about the “puppet masters?”
Thanks for Megatron, raiders. -Lions fan
keyshawn's son is one of my best friends lol
The reason he left the Jets is Keyshawn doesn't like white WRs. His rivalry with Chrebet, and now that he's on sports talk radio in LA I remember him being super critical of Kupp when they first drafted him. Said he was trash, a bum, slow, all that. Keyshawn just doesn't like white WRs.
Fryar is still a legend in Lincoln, and always gets a huge ovation whenever he comes back to Memorial Stadium. Once a Husker, Always a Husker.
Keyshawn Johnson was never a great receiver at the NFL level
Damn the spelling of randy moss looked weird for most talented receiver
KTO using wikipedia instead of football reference for stats is crazyyyy
I was interested until your commercial
KTO you should do RBs since you did WR it would be interesting
I don't think I'd consider Warren Sapp to be the beacon of professionalism and trustworthiness...
It'll happen again soon. Another weak QB class combined with another Ja'marr Chase
meh, Russell had the physical tools, he just liked codeine and chicken wings too much. Pretty sure the Raiders were unaware of that.
Ends it on the best wr to be taken no. 2
I still have my jamarcus Russell jersey ...
It’s amazing that an Al Davis team did not take Calvin Johnson …lol that team strictly drafted off peoples 40 times
That ending was absolutely great.
Keyshawn was big in Tampa's championship year, they won't have won without him. He just didn't like gruden's personality but he was fine in other teams
9:55- WOW I didn't know Keyshawn Johnson had issues but we all do he was good but many receivers had legal troubles coming from all over the U.S. it was a shame that he happended to black even though we are way better than the white athletes but the N.F.L can use this stupid stereotype from someones past and compare it against lots future black athletes that are not criminal at all and put that label on them like oh y'all niggas can't control themselves they athletic but have no control over themselves
Massachusetts ruins people.
Calvin Johnson is my favorite receiver ever BUT his draft was very different from the 96 draft Russell was suppose to be a franchise QB coming out of college. In fact 96 is more like the 22 draft no popular QB's.
Damn I would have never thought key was a WR. Dude looks like the black michillin man now
I’m a USC fan, still don’t like Keyshawn
That catch for Philly is insane.
no better start in the day than a video of kto
What a wild ride for Irving Fryar. He finally got with a good arm and showed what he could do - in his 30s! Unreal
This man keyshawn had a 106 catches, damn near 1300 yards receiving, and only 1 td….🤔
Of course he becomes good after we trade him to the dolphins 🤦‍♂️
Could've been 4 if Oakland would've decided to take Megatron at number 1 over fatass Jamarcus Russell
Megatron always makes me smile
Jets are gonna  do Jets things, could've taken Marvin Harrison who went 19th in the same draft. Jets don't get get the same treatment as the Lions or Browns only because every now & then they make it to the conference championship.
The ending of these videos always make me hype man.
The lions misses on wrs before calvin is why they hit on him
another banger
The reason I think QB, offensive linemen, defensive linemen is the most important positions in the NFL is because of running and getting hit, running around all game like giving it 💯 every play an trying to cover guys like TH and Julio Jones ain’t easy, I couldn’t imagine the pain on ur ankles/feet
This has a new twist now that we know gruden is racist
Keyshawn Johnson was pretty good.  Not a HOF player.  But a legend.  He’s pretty far down the list on the WR class of 1996.
Like you said at the very beginning of the video, only QBs, offensive linemen and defensive linemen and that order should be taken 1st overall nobody else. one of the reasons is longevity QBs can easily play 20 years in the league. If you take a running back, or a WR with the 1st overall pick then ur asking to suck.
This is kind of whats happening to Cordarrelle Patterson, having his best season at 31 years old. I have a feeling this year he's gunna have close to a 1000 x 1000 season.
9:11 1986 1st Pick Was the worst pick and the best pick
I mean all three had pretty decent NFL careers. All play 10+ years, all of them made multiple pro bowls. Only Keashwn got a ring 🤷🏾‍♂️ but they all were worth the picks in my view
Loved this video man! Great job.
Megatron was such a beast and I wish he could have played longer for just about any team besides Detroit.
Fucking RIP to the legend Stuart Scott
This probably also has to do with most teams picking #1 don't have a great, or even good, QB...  If your QB is trash you don't waste your money on a WR.
Wait was Charles rodgers taken no. 2
History has proven that for the most part, you can get a great quality wide receiver lower down the draft board but a lot of the more in-demand positions like OT, QB, DE, etc. tend to dominate the toward the top of the draft. I am not saying the wider receivers in this video were busts but perhaps did not live up to their potential as #1 picks.
They've* but yes thank you :)👍
Antonio Brown tryna be Keshawn 😂😂
This is why I find Keyshawn so hilarious when he digresses from a point during his show. He truly changed his entire public persona
Great video 💯
nah that’s crazy 8:47
Keyshawns brother Chad was better in almost every way then Keyshawn was.
Keyshawn still has that arrogance about him on TV. Anytime he speaks I find myself hating his viewpoints and that it's hard to respect what he says. He seems ill prepared and yet a know-it-all at the same time.
LOVE THE CLOSINGS🔥🔥🔥🔥
I think I’m one of few who thinks Keyshawn Johnson belongs in HOF
If you think about it fryer was still a bust cuz he never produced anything for the Patriots he went to the dolphins and his true potential came out and he had his thousand yard seasons but by definition of a bust is not doing well with the team you get drafted by so therefore he is a bus
Wonder what the NFL is like in the universe where Randy Moss stays in Oakland for 2007 and the Raiders take Calvin Johnson
What about centers? They're super important  and most teams build around them
Fun fact: The average time for a receiver in the NFL is 2 years  Also, love how you read your comments. Most creators don’t
If Al Davis had listened to, well everyone, Calvin Johnson would have been a #1 pick over all.
Keyshawn is a flake
Megatron legit case to be the first pick
I think were underestimating Fryar and Keyshawn because they had some bad QBs around them before they started producing. Like Keyshawn best QB was probably Pennington or Brad Johnson.
lmao bro dave parks? naw dawg anything before the merger dont count, or else the browns would have 4 superbowl wins. Irving Fryar is the true first of overall WR of the modern day. sure dave parks, but its a far cry from the nfl today imo
Key could of been a HOFer!
Thanks KTO
If Key was more mature, and had a little better work ethic who knows what his ceiling could of been...but he had a good career and now is having a great second career!
Keyshawn Johnson was a good player hopefully he'll make it to the hall of fame
No HOF for you Mr. Bigshot hahaha
YES
i literally spit when i heard kto say “bhad bhabie” lmao
You should make a vid on megaton
Keyshawn was ass
RRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
11:42 I think going from Rich Kotite to Bill Parcels was a big help
There's only been 4 triple crown receivers and Matt Stafford was the QB for 2 of them. Crazy stats
Keyshawn Johnson with such a disappointment because he had all of the ability to be at the top of the league but he just kept running his damn mouth
"THE Uuuuuu" lol
shouldve been sauce this year
Man all your videos just end so great!
That first throw from Marino was unbelievable
My only complain with your videos, is there isn't enough of them.  Great work my man, you make ESPN documentarys look bad you are so good.
You should do every Pitt qb taken in the draft. Bring that to a tier system.
Everyone of his videos is quality
Gruden was probably talking with about how big Keyshawn’s lips are
I REALLY don't like JaMarcus Russell
Irving Fryar had HOF caliber stats but never made it. I guess it’s due to his off-the-field stuff.
Irving fryar baby
that 1996 draft was loaded at WR.
Lol what a way to end the video...what kids say nowadays... Common Raiders L!!!
How the hell did Johnson make the HOF lmao??
Good job brah made me a subscriber
With the market for receivers booming, I could see this happening again in the next 5 years.
I stay for the end....ngl it's always a banger and gives me goosebumps
raiders nations
this is a certified hood classic
Neil odonnell: where's a receiver? Everyone else: throw him the damn ball
WR #1 overall is basically a waste of a pick. Outside of Calvin Johnson ofc LOL
We can debate over whether or not he was worth a #1 overall pick, but there's no denying that Keyshawn had a solid NFL career. I remember him going on a talk show shortly after his final season, and the host basically pointed out to him that his career is pretty complete: 3 Pro Bowls, a Super Bowl ring, 10k+ receiving yards, over 60 TDs...what more could he ask for?
The packers don't know you can draft a receiver in the first round
As soon as my man said 2007 I could hear and see the outro in my mind
bro. your closings are always the best.  especially when they make someone look dumb lol
2:01 what is number 86 doing
I have that book
🔥🔥
History will never let me as a Raider fan forget about JaMarcus damn Russell.
He caught a touchdown against the bears in the superbowl!
Warren Sapp said it perfectly. Good player but selfish. Wanted everything about him
as a lions fan Im hype that we traded up for Jameson and with the lions somewhat making up with Megatron maybe he will become a more main stay in the detroit training camps
Should’ve been 4 😣
Thanks for showing love to C.J. (megatron) as a lions fan, i wish i could have seen him on any other team. Dude was insane.
your video style is addicting
Peak Jets: Get generational talent at WR with a chance to build a juggernaut. Trades him to a Super Bowl winner instead of paying him. Return to 4th place in the AFC East.
Now Keyshawn bitches on ESPN
2:44 "was in the running for league MVP" *received 2 votes* Technically in the running, I suppose
great video nice idea! also dope bc when it ended i immediatey binged megatron highlights
I want my 2010 Defensive Draft Class
Dude I swear to God KTO has the smoothest and dopest endings of any football channel or maybe any channel period on YouTube. I never see it coming and it’s always just straight fire 🔥
I like these videos keep it up
That's the thing. Even in the NFL you have guys who really don't work as hard as their peers and still put up good numbers because they are naturally gifted. Then you have someone like Jerry Rice who could have been good without working as hard but he put in the work and together that made him the best WR ever.  Could Keyshawn have been as good as Jerry? Maybe, but he never put in the work.
I always love how you end these videos, I didn’t realize how bad the raiders messed up they could’ve the goat of WRs and they went with jaMarcus Russell Damn !!!
Every time I hear that beat drop at the end it gives me tingles.
Awesome video. Keep it up KTO!!!
Keyshawn sold his soul to espn
That's cap theirs other position players that's been taken #1 overall since 1996 😂
As horrible as Ryan Leaf was as a player/person, I will always say Russell was the biggest draft bust ever, mainly because of ALL the great players taken after him.  Johnson,  Peterson,  Thomas,  Revis... all of them will be in the HOF!!!   I know it sounds off topic,  but it fits a end of this story.
None of you you g guys know how to pronounce Terrell Owens first name.
I noticed Fryar was averaging 17 yds a reception in NE his 2nd and 3rd year and 18 yds in his 6th year but no 1,000 yard season. They weren't throwing him the ball. Why do you draft a WR no 1 and not throw him the ball?
gh
great vid!
If you look at the blurbs from their 95-98 seasons, you can see that the 3-13 and 1-15 teams were coached by Rich Kotite, and the 9-7 and 12-4 squads were coached by Bill Parcells. I’m thinking that MIGHT have had something to do with it too.
I HATE how the running back has been devalued. Most exciting position in football. 🏈
The best part of this vid was making me remember the “This is Sportscenter” commercials.
KTO is my pick #1 overall in YouTube
Definitely looks like that pass was dropped on purpose. No effort to try to recover. Lol looks more like he caught it and let it go.
great new video, appreciated that calvin got two clips at the end, he deserved it.
Best drafted kickers and punters
1:06 Parks is the original “Popeyes biscuit away from a TE” wide receiver.
Seeing the HOF by Calvin Johnson’s name is badass af
Keyshawn was a great WR for the jets with wayne cherebet
Make a about video most wins in a football program
Why’d you have to add that ending… -Raiders Fan
Anyone else Mandela effect think megatron went first?
consistently the second best football video essays on youtube (sorry you know who the king is )
3 things guaranteed in life Death Taxes  And KTO to have a dope closer
the best players are always later on in the drafter not first round picks
Key was a beast...worth the pick
Is it just me or do Keyshawn and Mark Phillips from RDC World kind of look alike?
Keyshawn took a lot of flack for the “just give me the damn ball” and what happened with Gruden…but in the past few years he’s been vindicated!
I just love how the Raiders drafted Jamarcus Russel 1st ovr, a bust, to let a bust organization draft Megatron, a top 5 wr ever
KJ was nothing like AB and that comparison literally ruined your video. Choosing WS as a character reference for KJ was awful. They have personal beef with each other to this day. If you would have used Tony Dungy or other players you would have found better info instead of the biased approach of WS.
KTO outros makes you think there's a sequel coming
Still blows my mind how the Detroit Lions managed to get 2 generational talents in arguably the greatest RB of all time Barry Sanders and greatest WR of all time in Calvin Johnson and failed to even sniff the super bowl, closest they ever got was 1991 in Barry’s 3rd season where they got smoked by the eventual Super Bowl champion Washington Redskins in the NFC championship game
Key was right about Gruden especially after all that came out this past year
Keyshaun got stuck with awful qbs so I can't Hate on the man .
I was hoping we’d see my boy Calvin Johnson get mentioned, great way to wrap up the video!
Idk Fryar was alright 5 pro bowls 2 all pros pretty good career
16:23, one of the biggest burns ever 😂 😂
I will always be amazed by the fact that Calvin Johnson Mossed 3 people for a TD.
Tis the painful part about NFL parity: sometimes a generational talent gets drafted by one of the worst teams and never gets their chance for a Superbowl ring. Glad Megatron is a Hall of Famer!
Great job! Great video!
Part of the reason I will always believe he left New York was his rivalry with Wayne Chrebet. He was so dramatically insecure about Chrebet it boggled the mind. How could this little white no speed no name school receiver become the security blanket of the Jets offense? When it was like...Johnson. You're both good players, he hunts underneath so you can over the top. But he couldn't see it that way. That immaturity consistently showed throughout his career.
0:57. You literally scrolled by an End.
10,000 rec yards before the B12 Offense spread like wildfire is like 15,000 today
k Johnson suit was vastly vastly long as hell lmfaoooo 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Other than coaching the Bears in their magical 1985 season, Ditka sadly doesn’t get much flowers for pioneering the TE position that’s evolved since then. He really changed the NFL forever by revolutionizing playing TE
Calvin Johnsons career is not the same if he goes to the Raiders.
Keyshawn reminds me again of what Brandon Marshall was saying: A lot of the guys that were stars from early on, used to the limelight and went through some period of social recklessness, yet still well under parental and coaching influence, will less likely be a diva down the road. But like AB and Keyshawn, who had jack for recognition, then explodes, now with more toys, more money, more recognition and feels like they're not expendable, they blow up, become reckless and are no longer any adult influence to shape character. I hope teams learn to stay away or at least find some way to keep such guys in check.
Lol browns coulda got tj watt. But hey garret is good. But they coulda drafted tj. Happy they didnt
Of course you find a way to put Jamarcus Russell in here
the sports mainstream media is still toxic and garbage
One day I’ll tell my kids about Megatron getting double teamed at the LOS truly a special talent! And I’m a Steelers fan btw
“Just throw me the damn ball” became “What IS a possession receiver?”
Top WR salaries show inflation between then and now
8,045th view 742nd like 45th comment
Your ending videos never disappoint.
I remember being stunned whenever the Raider didn't take MEGATRON! He was a lock, everyone knew it! He proved it! I remember thinking to myself that the Raiders must have known something about him and thinking it had to be off the field and back the so many athletes coming out of GA where into gang stuff I thought that might have been it! But Now they look even worse because if you have ever scene an interview or anything like that with Calvin and you can see he is an extremely mature well rounded individual a hard worker and a great team mate, Im a Raider fan so I guess Ill always be bitter about that 1. But again he was a lock for HOF from the beginning .
I feel like the only Wide receivers we could see drafted first overall in next couple years is JSN from Ohio state or Jordan Addison from Pitt but even then they’ll most likely go in the top 10-5 at best just because of how much the game has changed
K Johnson was an absolute waste of talent.....the dude could have been a star, unlike his barely above average performance not to mention the fact he is a head case.....
Fryar went to my hs lol
It probably means that there was no great college QB being drafted that year
Randy Moss and Jerry Rice would be 1# pick if there was a redraft
Glad your uploading regularly. Thanks 🙏 thanks 😊
Idea: do a few videos talking about every college teams best player
Knowing now that Gruden is a flaming anti-black racist (typical of a Drumpf voter), I wonder what he said to him that make him lose it?
Can you do all time positions for afc and nfc
I never realized that only 3 have been taken 1st overall
Only 3?
Warren sapp was one of my favorite players and was a beast but warren sapp has cte
Should have been 4. Raiders even without hindsight should’ve picked Megatron instead of Jamarcus
Irving Fryar and Dan Marino was a match made in Heaven.  I have so many Fryar cards, I've lost count.
6:50 this is why the pats don’t take receivers in the draft anymore
For me, your voice is perfect for these informational videos. Great stuff as always
Nothing makes me hype than seeing KTO posting a new video
Can you do more of this series with some other positions.
University of Washington is the best college football team
Kto your a beast
It honestly amazes me that less have been taken, especailly considering how much the game has shifted towards passing
Kto can you like this comment
Dropped the vid right as i hit my break😮‍💨
lets get it
The 🐐
KTO your videos are great, will you ever post another podcast episode with flemlo? Or is the podcast abounded?
Eagles got the best WR in the draft
Wow I'm early
Wide Weceva
The 🐐 KTO
Second 😢
Good video, as usual
Yo this vid 🔥
First
