Thors dad seems like a great person, thor sounds just like him.
Thors dad is a nice guy
To all the mother's out there!  The Beast has been BEATEN!    Happy Mother's Day!
Thor, my hats of to you and big hand. I doubted you, talked some sketchy stuff too coming to this.   I am first to admit, you did shut me up -at least- for good.  Way to go man, you have a nice, real boxing skills. Please continue, you really are a valid boxer even with this little practise.   This is not brown nosing, this is just one man saying he was wrong, admitting it straight, credit where credit is due.
Well done enjoyed the match you just need to be more aggressive.
why implying eddie would drug you? not in best taste, i would expect it from eddie, not you :/
I used to love Eddie man but doing some of the childish shit he has been doing during this build up has put me right off him,he rubbed his ass all over Thors chair ffs what the fuck is that about...
eddies gonna spark u out mate
https://youtu.be/dYsZKjWA1io
Come on Hafthor make him eat right Jabs for first 2 rounds then take his Ribs Out..
U gonna say the gloves are rigged if Eddie knocks u the fook out?
Teach him how to set up the liver punch. Just show him some footage of Inoua settin up and landing.
I think you guys are both silly. Both great in your respected sports. Eddie has validation to be angry. Thor has validation to be angry. Anyone who says the trash talking is silly. No this is really them right now. I feel thor was wrong in 2017 and Eddie is also wrong for beating a dead horse. In my eyes Eddie getting to fight thor is his apology.   With that being said, Thor you have some training, condition and technique but, will see what happenes. The gas tank on these two wi show who will win. If thor lose its by KO and if Eddie loses its due to he tires and goes down (not a brutal KO).   I do wish Thor you just accepted the L in 2017 like a champ would but, from eyes as a fan you didn't. Best of luck to two both men and I hope no one gets severly injured and you guys return home to your families healthy.
Boxing is a mental game,use your height advantage
Thor is awesome! You got this man!!! Can’t wait to see you mop the floor with Eddie!
Eddie Hall wooooooooooooooooooooooo
Don’t let Eddie get in your head! He is going to charge you with all he has get him at bay with your footwork.
BTW looking good off the roids
After the 2017 incident I'll be honest I was not a fan of yours and up until this past week I was rooting for Eddie. After the way he's been handling things that's changed, he's said and done things worse than what you did in 2017. It could be a good fight if he boxes smart but I don't see that happening.
How long til thos fight Big man?? I would ask ur trainer to teach u to get ur head offline when throw to the body.. Don't walk in with straight lines.. Swit h angles as u. One in even though I know its hard for such a big dude like u but if u can get the work in on ur foot work then this should be handy for u when coming forward. Rhisnorher guy is too small & stocky if u use a spear like jab to keep him busy and off balance. Jab anywhere on his upper body. His shoulders, his face, and his gut.. A good jab will break any man's spirit and u have or it looks like u have the arm reach to get the better of him in this department bro..
most people wont be even able to reach the ceiling
Thor is gonna get torn to absolute shreds… Hall will knock him clean out 👊
Beast about the bring down a mountain
All of you people are bandwagons.
Far from innocent having now seen the footage.
Think carefully before fighting, in fact, it is more than your strength
I belive Thor wil get the ground tretment. Eddie has shown more motevasjon for wining in every thing he has done ever
Much respect to Thor, Eddie is acting like a whiny kid when the time of the fight is near. I wish the best for Thor.
Working the pads = THUNDER CLAP
I think you have handled yourself extremely well compared to Eddie. He has displayed a nasty, unbalanced streak which the majority of the people of UK reject. I also happen to know you have most of the United Kingdom behind you! Good luck and God bless! 👊🏻
You got this big man. Love from UK
This looks better than eddy. Whooo can’t wait for this fight
Turn to Jesus people he died for your sins, Repent of what the New Testament describes as sin. Believe the gospel obey the teachings of Jesus documented in Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Jesus is the only way to be saved, be baptized by faith in Jesus you can live life with him as your example. If you need prayer i'll pray for you. If you want to keep contact with a brother in Christ i’ll keep contact with you. The love of God is beyond our understanding. God bless.../.
THIS MAN WOULD SMASH THE UFC HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION
Lost all respect for Eddie 👎👎👎
Thor.I trust you.I believe,you will win that match.
What changes have you made in your steroid cycle since you stopped strongman? Have you made changes to the types of substances/dosages? If yes, what difference has it made with stength, apetite, mood etc.? Thanks Thor
Who cares about this shit? And if... why?
May the best man win.. both good lads
He looks a.lot better without all that weight on him. He's a lot healthier the way he is... Bust some skulls drengr!
So i watched Eddie's recent boxing training and there is one thing that sets Eddie apart from Thor, Eddie doesnt keep his guard up.  Every time I see any training footage I'm literally shouting at him to keep his guard up.
Looking forward to this fight. But let's keep it real. This is going to be boring as hell.
Can't wait for Eddie to knock this guy out
Big fan of both guys, may the best fighter win!
You know any site where I can put a bet on thor ripping eddie in 2 parts?
why does all boxing coaches have the biggest belly eva ..
Fair play you’ve definitely put in the work and taken it seriously. Look forward to the fight Your dad seems like a right legend too 🤙
I'm sorry but it's hilarious that Thor is commenting on professionalism and sportsmanship when he couldn't accept defeat in 2017, hence the reason for all this animosity
I'm in your corner Thor. 🇬🇧 🇮🇸  good luck.
Eddie is a man child an no matter who wins I doubt it will ever be over in his eyes.
I looking at both of you , thir for the win keeps his hands ip, fitter , and technique is brillant.
Thor to be honest when this whole thing started I was completely on Eddie's side. But you won me over on how humble you are and how you approached this fight. I wish you all the best, good luck I hope you win.
I'm quite appalled at Eddie's recent behavior and I think it's because he knows he is not going to win this fight, it would not surprise me at all if Eddie pulls out at the last minute!
Man doesn't trust eddie like eddie did something wrong to him!! Haha get over it mate, you double dipped, you didnt perform in the rest of the tournament...... you got beat!! take it like a man.............. P.S does no one ever tell Thor he just looks like a little Bit#h??? You're better than this Thor.
Thor has nothing to hold him back. Eddie is full of misplaced aggression and grudges that he loves to tell everyone about.
Thor catch him with jabs to the forehead It's a great setup for the follow through uppercut.
These build ups are great content. Pumped for the fight!
"Relaxed", a very goocharacteristics. Nerves are going to peak during the bout, so you want to be as calm as possible. Best of luck to both, but I'm rooting for Thor.
I don't think eddie realises no matter what type of training you do the adrenaline dump you get in early fights is to real if thor uses his reach to keep him at bay in the first couple rounds he take by 4th
EDDIE HALL GANG
I think Eddie's injury worked in Thor's favor because it gave him more time for conditioning and learning. However, I don't think losing all that weight is a good thing. Eddie looks really explosive and I fear that might be the key.
Eye of the tiger! There is no tomorrow! You got this thor!
Hi Thor and good to see you in good health! I'm a bit affraid for you since you seems to have a lot of yes-speaking persons around you. You should see to it that someone who won't say anything else than the truth look at your boxing skills. To my untrained eyes it looks like you're boxing in slowmotion with very slow punches. Also you should spar with someone at Eddies hight and bodysize, not people your own hight. You should also see to it that someone almost knocks you out so that doesn't come as a big surprise when you fight Eddie. Finally you should train with a fierce boxer that attacks like a berserker. Don't under esitmate Eddie, he can move fast and he hits like a truck. If need be you must be ready to try to win on points, not a knockout. Train also on defending yourself!
VIKING POWER!
Why are you punching up?  Is Eddie wearing stilts?
Can’t wait to see Thor get knocked out 😊
I've seen Eddie Halls training video for boxing.  He hits the pads with a lot of power like a big ass mike tyson.  So don't trade punches with him.  Force him to throw missed power shots and keep him at bay with jabs.  Eddie Hall is way too emotional and trying to play reverse psychology.  He puts a lot of weight behind his punches but has a long recovery time between punches.
Greetings from Finland Hafþór, show that englishman what it is, to fear vikings !
Your going down thor. Can't wait.
Thor's making a lot of new fans with his approach attitude and likeability .. good luck with the fight
So who got injured then? 😂. Didn’t see nothing in the clip of anyone getting hurt 🤷‍♂️.
Dang,,,,looks like Thor can do it.
For such a big strong man why is Thor such a bitch lmao?
People that think this beef is fake are cluless its as real as can be. That said i hope thor wins he is smart and will use his skill . Eddie will swing like a wild galuke. Although he trows over hand and pretty straight.
Hafthor[Calculated precision] Eddie[Violent power] should be a really good match. May the best man win.
So he's being trained by Scottish lads, very interesting choice.
Eddie has nothing on you. The precision and snappiness of your punches is phenomenal. Nice work👍
Hey Thor your an inspiration to all your fans and I'd just like to wish you luck for the fight 💪 you've come so far in your training and you look so good physically it's amazing to see your transformation  I'm sure you will use your height, reach,fitness and skill to win the fight this Saturday
all the best Thor,  time to put Eddie to sleep
In my opinion heavyweight boxing is always the most exciting to watch! knockout comes from nowhere! hats off to both Thor and Eddie for grinding the training out and keeping the videos fresh and intriguing!  i think this has went way past WSM 2017 and now its about the final say. i would to think both men will shake hands at the end of the fight but when tensions run high anything could happen.
Thor I hope you batter him
Watched a lot of Thors' and Eddie's training. Thor shadow boxes someone 7ft 2 and his sparring partner looks about 6'6/6'7 when Eddy is 6,3... seems like a poor training option.
Thor I’m proud of you and how your handling this, Eddie is playing mind games and want to do everything he can to either have this fight canceled or get in your head. keep your mind focus and try to relax the fight is coming soon and you will show the world.
Watched Eddie V Thor: The Truth and I cannot believe the entire reason Thor started this rivalry because he lost. Lmao, what an absolute child. Surely its like any competition, there's winners and losers. Why did he get annoyed this time around? So bizarre, I mean it's not like there was any foul play. He literally broke the rules so lost a rep. He shook Eddies hand but just blanked him. No sportsmanship. Disgraceful behaviour.
Keep your head on straight..eddie is going 2 try and get inside your head because he is scared..he will do anything to look for a out so keep up the work and beat that p.o.s
thor the best iceland the best
How anyone can support Thor after the widely broadcasted documentary is beyond me 🤯
I saw the video of the "encounter". Thor is not telling the whole truth.  He never made a move to actually walk away and he stayed up Eddie's face.  Thor pushed and seems to taunt Eddie. Even walk after him after the gym staff removed him.  If he had remained calm, he would have just stood there not saying anything, not doing anything, or would have simply just walked away.  If he wants to claim he remained calm?  Yeah... hard nope.  Seems that Thor cannot accept the truth about a situation and loves to blame others,  and does not accept his part in the situation.  Sd for it being a setup... It very well might be.   Food for thought: Could this fued be a PR stunt where both parties are in on it?  I mean, this has been good PR for both of them.  And Thor... you look freaking amazing!
Eddie did stop near the door...Thor aggressively walks up really close to Eddie and puts his hands on Eddie.....Thor also says he didn't know Eddie was coming but received a message 5 mins before Eddie was coming...they couldn't lock the doors? I know it's to promote the fight but Thor trying to make Eddie look like the bad guy is bullshyt
The text at the end is a bunch of bull shit Eddie gonna knock you out cold
Thor is the worst loser ever...  He lost 2017 fair and square 💯
No video of this so called scene, with all those people around and cell phones nowadays being so prevalent...
Thor why that thumbnail man😂
I'll be the first one to say it. Thor Lowkey looked like he done had a stroke while competing in WSM. The way he would only talk with one side of his mouth, one eye closed a lot more than the other. If Gucci mane being a clone gained traction, I'd say this isn't the same dude that competed. I'm saying this half way... 90% jokingly. Dude must've gotten a neurolink or something because he seems like a different dude.
Wish you the best of luck, love from Norway🇳🇴
Hey Thor, don't let Eddie's issues contaminate your self. Remember they're his problems, not yours :)  I'll be cheering for you mate! All the way from Australia
Thor was critical of the judges call in 2017. He DID shake Eddie's hand at the ceremony. Eddie is such a vengeful man! The fact that Eddie had to add so much weight (to the point of almost dying) to squeeze out one WSM title is not something to be this arrogant over. He had to retire at 30 because being a strongman almost killed him. Sad. Eddie is not amongst the greatest strongmen. Eddie is entertaining, but nasty - it is the little things, like not letting his wife drink the expensive water that he keeps for himself. I just hope Thor doesn't hold back because he doesn't want to hurt Eddie, like with Devon.
HOLYY
Adults don't use sport for revenge. If Heddie Hall does a boxing match to execute an act of revenge then he doesn't have the stature for the sport he embraced. His trip to the gym where Thor was to tease him, reveals that he is not prepared, he lacks the maturity that adulthood should have given him.
I was very much pro Eddie because of the stuff Thor did in WSM 17 was unacceptable. But what the hell was this shit? Found the video.  I've seen drunk people act with more dignity.
As a uk man i always liked eddie i al a fan but he is very narcissistic and arrogant seeing how he acts he just annoys me he wants everyone to kiss his arse i honestly hope you KO him bring him down a level he needs some humillity
Watch out for your ears Thor when you box Eddie.  Mike Tyson bit part of Evander Holyfield's ear off when he was getting a beat down and when you start doing that to Eddie on Saturday, he might try the same thing.  Take his freakin' head off so he will shut up.
Your jabs are getting faster Thor... Nice!
Is it just me or does Thor look like a beefed up McGregor on the thumbnail
friendly reminder to you two, one of you have to get a tattoo of the other!😆 y’all are wild for that
A couple of points here. Thor should have just congratulated Eddie at the time, he immediately retired after the stones ffs because of the stress and strain his body was under. Yes Thor would have been bitterly disappointed but its how you bounce back from the knocks that matters, no way was it Eddie's fault that Thor had reps discounted and so it is completely unfair that Thor effectively dismissed Eddie's WSM title. That said, this could have been sorted out between them since and avoided the need for it to be settled in a boxing match ffs if they'd both have swallowed their pride and just resolved it between themselves. From the videos, look at how they were with each other prior to the finals, with the European strongman event, both had a mutual respect for each other, Thor even after he did the event in the wsm finals was made up with the reps, all his entourage congratulating him, thor celebrating it.. Obviously didn't expect Eddie to beat it and again taking bad advice from a bunch of yes men he surrounded himself with. I like Thor but ffs man you never needed all those hangers on massaging your ego all the time! Eddie also absolutely disgusting spitting at someone, and has completely null and voided his argument in my eyes. You're both grown men ffs, have recent events the last few years and now not taught either of you that life is too short to hold grudges? There are far more important things in life to get upset and angry about than what someone said or did 5 fucking years ago!
Good luck brother.
I used to like Eddie.  Used to think he was kind of a jovial dude.  But since, I've found Eddie is such a punk.  Still hasn't matured from his days of being a teen looking to have a row.  Always looking for a pissing contest.  Hope Thor puts him down quick.  Shut him up for at least 2 minutes.   Although, he'll probably do like McGregor and sit in the mat and hurl insults at Thor.  BTW, why did Eddie go to Thor's camp?  Does he miss him that much?  What an overgrown child.  Glad Hafthor is at least trying to keep it civil.  And yeah @MattProlifts , Thor's dad is a super cool dude.
I have an enormous amount of respect for what both of these men have accomplished. I thought Thor’s behavior following WSM 2017 was childish, however, he seems to have let that go and has moved on. It’s almost inconceivable Eddie Hall has allowed Thor’s reaction from 5 years ago to fill him with so much rage. I hope we see whatever beef, if actually real, squashed after the fight, and that both men can work together on future projects. BTW, Thor, you’re looking amazing man. Incredible transformation.
You did the right thing Thor, entire brits are afraid of loosing and this is how they act, becouse you allready embarrassed him on social media and he also himself has embarrassed on social media 🤣😂🤣so, in all of this time with your discipline and calm attitude, he is dying of jealousy becouse he knows you will destroy him on Saturday, and he wanted to see if you loose your temper, but you didn’t, you are a grown up person and you did the right thing.  Try to see if you can post his behavior on social media, show the people who they are in reality.  You remain positive, continue training and be in the same shape as you was when you beat the world strongest men, you are a cool guy, friend, son, brother, husband and father 😉✌️✊! I look forward to Saturday 🤩🥳🥳🥳
Fight video can be seen on Twitter.
I'm all for Eddie winning he's clearly in from training wise and strength in punches , he's faster everything , what confusing me is these videos looks shit , is it on purpose? To make him look slow and terrible? Genuinely?
If this is true I have lost all respect for Eddie, spiting on someone is totally out of order and hurting a bystander is well out of order this is not on. It's disgusting. Like I say I don't know how true this is but if it is with the laws in Dubai Eddie will go to jail. Edit I have just seen the clip on twitter What Thor has said is true. Eddie should be in Jail
Used to follow Eddie, def think that in the original altercation what the ref said goes, he gave Thor more leniency than normal and more than should’ve been expected. But Eddie is salty about the 501 and cannot control himself like an adult. That’s why this whole disagreement couldn’t be left with the past it happened in. Eddie not satisfied unless he can intimidate his way to a win at this point rather than simply focusing on a fight. Also there’s a vast difference in the understanding that Thor and his team have, how to interact and be a public figure on social media.
Who ever loses will just activate the rematch clause, other person will then win that making it a draw for a final 3rd fight...all about pocketing more monies and that's it in my eyes.
Making excuses already
Thor I love the uppercut that can be your wining punch
I have seen the video and Eddie completely lost it
The video was up. You where the one to make it get physical. You are going to get knocked the F out lol. This man has his ferocity aimed to kill you not take you out like a professional boxer. Now just spiking his anger even further. Don't let him get on the inside big man. Going to be your downfall, quite literally.
After this fight, will you finally admit you lost fairly in 2017? If you win this weekend, you should be at least enough of a sportsman to admit that you lost fairly and just didn't like the guy.
hahahahah eddie is screwed on saturday
win or lose , you are not a good man in my eyes.. not respectable
I’m glad this fight is happening now and not a year ago. It would have been different back then. Things changed and for the better. Very exciting
Youre one of the worst in the sport who robbed Eddie Hall of his title in 2017 youre a child and to this day you never admitted nor apologized for you terrible sportsmanship that day. I hope he not only wins but takes you out of the game
It was fake.
Runnar amazing work 🙏
You will KO Eddie first round. 🙏
You can't box with a fking big beard. These people still know nothing. Shouldn't even call it boxing.
How come this 7fter be so physically active
respect for thor
have his move his feet when he is hitting mits
Good luck thor.. Knock out that big bollockless bully.
Everything seems to point to the fact that Thor has done his preparation right
Who is taller dad, Thor or grandad
eddie doesn't have 3 rounds in him and he still fighting like its going to be a street fight let me sucker punch one time use my huge body that has been bigger than everyone my whole life to create some room to sucker punch someone again.
its  good you keep them out of your tent and all your stuff then you eill not have an excuse when you lose like in 2017
After watching the explanation at the end of the video, it just seems like a repeat of history. Thor will lose an ear but win the fight. Then 16 years later, Eddie will knock on Thor's door, return the missing ear and apologise. Both will shake hands with a smile, then boom, Thor will toss Eddie over his house for a world record
Why is Thor being trained to punch so high? It's going to be a disadvantage, because they are training it into his muscle memory. They seem to forget Eddie is short compared to him
Thor looks like a hench crackhead lol
Eddies voice gets quite high pitched when he screams haha
Deleted video clip  on my channel
Whats the purpose of this fight because everyone knows or should eddie didn't cheat.
My gut says Eddie is in legal trouble
That statement at the end 🤣🤣 pleading innocence, come on now that's school boy. The meeting was clearly set up by someone, possibly not Eddie but a third party/ promoters. Strange that the video has been pulled by YouTube. But the video can be found on the internet still. I'm questioning whether this fight is going to go ahead.
I like Eddie Hall but I think he is going to get demolished in this fight, Thor looks great!
The build up to this fight started far too early. I'm bored of it now. The industry drags these fight buildups out far too long. I've lost interest in the heavyweight division with all the hype and nothing happening. Had AJ and Wilder actually stepped into the ring I wouldn't be expecting all this hype for nothing. How long did it take for Fury and Whyte? I'm not watching that either. Lost interest in boxing because the industry is messing with fans expectations.
Someone must be worried he won’t win in the ring and don’t want it to be a even fair fight in the ring. I wouldn’t doubt if Eddie plays dirty in the ring now. Just be safe Thor and stay calm and collective once fight night happens and beat his ass. No more talk just actions let’s get it! Team Thor
At the end of the day eddies going to smash you to pieces id be scared me you might be the better boxer but when an angry 26 stone wall of mussle is smashing you with body and head shots you got no chance dont care who you are should of accepted that in 2017 you wernt cheated and eddie was by far the strongest man on the planet in the toughest wsm lineup ever in my opinion should have took it like a sportsman and said congrats your the better man
Interesting. I would hire security. Also I would spend time meditating. I would also start a troll campaign, Sun Tzu: "when your opponent is choleric in nature, seek to irritate him". You're a great guy, I hope you win! I would mentally prepare for the next time Eddie shows up - I would troll him with calmness. I would smile and say nothing. I would not have a piercing gaze instead a friendly and understanding gaze, like looking at toddler having a tantrum. Don't give his anger a target and his anger will go out of control.
Class, lets go Thor!
Just like you’re last to fights this was fake. Ed and you know people have lost interest in the fight so let’s to a fake meeting.
Thor is going to be taken apart completely. He has no idea what awaits him.
ah, it's the cheater hafthor who tried to cheat at worlds strongest man and also tried to cheat eddie out of the still world record 500kg deadlift. you do not hold the record. he does :)
lol. i just listened to the audio. starts with eddie and ends with hafthor losing his mind lol. no sign of calmness. just be honest dude
Team Thor
You flapped it 😂
Eddie is going to nock your head off! Thor is a sore loser and deserves to lose.
Youre doing great! All the best for the fight! I love how you respekt and learn so much about the boxing world
If I'm honest, this mask ain't fooling me, I've heard the video footage and thor was gobbing off first , I hope both are ready to lose
I see so many comments showing support for Thor and that's cool, but understand from Eddie's point of view, Thor took his moment away from him that he strived and worked hard for for such a long time and for someone to sit there and moan and bitch about a disqualified rep and then salt and act like a baby when he lost is extremely childish and not sportsman like at all. Yes time has passed and Eddie has harboured these feelings of hatred and insane dislike for Thor which has fuelled this fight immensely, Eddie is much to blame for his actions that he may or may not have caused, but imagine holding a grudge for so long and trying to not let it get to you is by far one of the hardest things any human can do. People saying Eddie's emotional, yeah he is ad he has every right to be because he was cheated, he is allowed to be a little reckless and for people to sit there and say he's emotional, he's panicking  and all that, clearly so many of you have ever been in a fight or understands what adrenaline is and how hard it is to control. So yeah this whole setup or whatever may have been staged, but it's only made this fight more exciting to watch, just hope no one really got hurt, but Thor should've kept a level head as well as Eddie but you can't control emotional men when two egos are at clashing. I'm not putting my money on anyone despite me being a massive Eddie Hall fan, I just want to see a good fight and a knockout, like honestly everyone should be wanting to see instead acting like a bunch of bitches and belittling one another. That's cowardly shit, show your support for your fighter and just let other people have their opinion and don't sink to their level if they start running their mouth and get suckered into their comments. Best of luck to both these guys!
Jetzt Box endlich und labert hier nicht rum
Serious question for anyone more knowledgeable than me. Why didn't Eddie delay retirement by a year and beat Thor in all 4 major competitions in 2018? That way he could have proven that he's not a one hit wonder and that he was legitimately stronger
Come on, Thor!! Everyone sick of Eddie
Thor may have changed but remember this fight is about the terrible sportsmanship he showed in 2017. Eddie may be cocky and less humble but this is no different to how thor was back then.
I used to be on eddies side with all this, I know and believed he won and Thor took it to far at First but Eddie has been acting like a child, it’s a shame to see someone I respected so much act so childish about it it’s been 5 years after all.
weird silent movie statement at the end there
Not impressed with how Eddie behaved tbh and I feel sorry for the guy that got hurt too
I knew it was not a publicity stunt to hype up the fight due to the tone in Eddie's voice.  You cannot act that sorry to say.  And in all honesty, I cannot believe he jeopardized the fight night.
💯 new interview with prison officer samworth at Real Porridge Podcast - Lee Marvin 🇬🇧
Eddie Hall has become overconfident, self-assured and incredibly egotistical, all the ingredients for a BIG loss. He has no class or pedigree and shows himself to be an embarrassement. Time to kick him off his pedastal Thor!
Can't see Eddie having much chance in this fight, he just won't have the reach.
I actually like Eddie, but he’s getting eaten on Saturday. Big love from Sweden 🇸🇪
Thor,knock eddies head off and shut his mouth,the incident that happened to your team is stupid,even for eddie hall,he went too far,although I give him credit for his strongman accomplishments and even followed eddie as with you,but now I'm all team thor. Go get him thor,you're a better class athelete and human being.
Thor starting with the deontay wilder conspiracy theories already lol
You've got this, Hafthor.
Really looking forward to this match
Eddie is not looking for a boxing match....he is a brawler, so will keep swinging looking for a knockout....i don't think Thor is prepared for that tactic......
You looked scared bro
Thor, I have followed you now on your journey and you see are a gentleman. You carry yourself in such a disciplined yet controlled way and your body transformation is inspirational.
Your written message at the end is disgusting. That is not what happened. I saw the vid while it was briefly on Matt Rhodes channel. Yes Eddie offered you outside and lost his shit, but I could hear one of your team say he was shutting himself and then you both traded insults and both had to be restrained by many people while trying to brawl with each other. Could hear you screaming pussy back at Eddie too Thor.  I think you should keep the vid up and show the truth personally not your PR text.
Thor is a little stiff and too upright . Sitting duck
Irrespective of how the fight goes, I just wish to see both hug each other at the end of the fight and make up.  Both Thor and Eddie are few of the strongest men who have walked on the face of earth and no body can take that from them. Yeah, victory may go either ways in a competition, there is a lucky factor there too. But accept the loss, congratulate the winner and just move on :) You both have nothing left to prove to the world :)
Where can people watch this fight ?
Dood. I love you Thor but acting like Eddie is going to f with your food or your tent is kind of a low blow to add in a video. I hope it isn’t a way to build an excuse if you do loose. I honestly don’t know who is looking better at this point but I like your energy. Shit talking is cool, saying someone’s going to do underhanded shit, not so cool.
If thor was more aggresive he'd smash it but it think eddie ftw
No matter who wins, Eddie will be the loser. He lost the moment he started acting like a hillbilly, screaming and spitting. That shows a lot about his character.
Good luck Thor.
thor tryna stay relatively clean on this one but i saw the video and if anyone lost his cool or escalated things in the first place it was him, then eddie shot off like a rocket in an all out rage, both men behaved unprofessionally and neither handled himself particularly well but the meeting should never have taken place in that way to begin with, allowing them to come face to face in such an unstructured way...
Hadthors getting banged out
Eddie's pissed off because you Thor said he retired from WSM because he knew he would never win Again.
please remember you are going to fight a fast midget, don't shoot that high, he cannot jump
Eddie is a scared. Keep that head level and slowly pick him apart.
I saw the video before it got took down ….Eddie was like a man possessed…gonna be an interesting one ….watch your ears Thor
True strength is often best shown by keeping one's cool.
Eddie panicked and his adrenaline kicked in, never seen anyone get so emotional as that! Hes clearly very nervous, Thor will box his head off! Far superior boxer!
Thor is gonna fuck Eddie up
Eddie "The Baby" Hall
Sooo uhhh... Who and how was someone seriously injured? Unless something was cut out of the original video (which is absolutely still in YouTube). It looked fairly tame to me considering the size of these men... They can pull planes, but were separated by a few average guys.
I don't think there is a real grudge here. It seems like a huge publicity stunt. It's hard to buy into certain things that are being said, and it also seems a little forced as well. It's a little unbelievable to think this stems from Thors initial salty attitude towards Eddie's WSM win. I hope i am wrong.
Surely Eddie wouldn't poison your food....
You gonna get your ass whooped Thor
What do Icelanders kna about boxing?
Good Luck to Eddie Hall ! From Newcastle! Eddie to punch him good looking!😜
Your in so much trouble he looks scared.
Eddie seems like a little boy in a big body.
sad to say......eddy will make sure this fight wont happen ....and  is anyone really surprised..
You did all that stuff but the real question is , WAS THERE DOUBLE DIPPING INVOLVED xD
Professional you say? Just think Thor, how this all started. Had you been that way when it mattered, you wouldn't be here now.
Why are all of his punches straight up into the air? Eddie is almost a foot shorter...
Thanks for being honest with the you know what. Good luck to you THOR! 🤞🏻
ITS GOING TO BE A DRAW IF IT GOES DISTANCE
do not cancel the fight or allow eddie to cancel it.  this is the last chance
Knock this coward out Thor! I hope the person who got injured is recovering okay! Get it big man! Can’t wait for this fight much love from Australia 🇦🇺
0:11 100% identical voice like Hafthor
When is the fight bros
And this is what I told you, Hafthor - Eddie is viewing this as an actual war - he's going to try to literally break your face with every punch he throws - he's going to come in like an animal and be relentlessly aggressive because that's just who he is, and I know you're not someone with a mean hearth, so it's hard for you to be in that place. But Thor. You need to get mean on fight night if you are going to win. You need to treat your punches like heat seeking missiles - hit with purpose, hit with power, hit to maim and inflict real damage - and don't do the feel-around jab because he's been talking about how slow you are and how he expects that. So don't give him what he expects. Give him what he DOESN'T expect - you faster, harder, meaner, more vicious than he's EVER seen you. Put it this way - just picture that he killed your wife and child shortly before the match and keep THAT in your mind the whole time. Fight him like he just did THAT. I'm not saying totally lose your cool and swing wildly - don't do that - keep the guard up and swing when he leaves an opening, which is often - and swing fucking HARD when you do. We all know this fight will either go to knockout or it'll go to a draw / split decision. But trust me, I know his type. He's mad you called him out, he's coming at you aggressively and yesterday's display was likely partly designed to fuck with your head and get you shaky.   As I've said, like you both, and I hope you can BOTH find a way to get along afterward, so leave NOTHING on the table - put it ALL out there in the ring. Personally, I DO disagree with you on the 2017 WSM call - not so much the double dipping thing, I don't know about that, but rather, I just think based on the footage it looked like he had another 2 or 3 in him when he finished so it wouldn't have made a lot of difference either way. That's just ME, though. If you think it was stolen from you, defend your  honor by putting him down. If he puts YOU down, it's adding insult to injury, and it's humiliating - he'll parade that around for eons. I know you don't want that. I don't want that. So don't LET him.   This isn't going to be an easy fight for either of you. No matter how much shit anyone talks, when you have two 300+ lb guys slugging it out there's a high likelihood both are going to leave bloodied and possibly with broken bones or concussions. No matter what, get ALL your resentment out IN THE RING. If you win, win with class - don't gloat. If you lose, lose with grace - but try to make sure if you DO somehow lose it's only by maybe points - nobody wants to see Thor lying out cold on the canvass. Well. Except Eddie. He'd love it. Don't give it to him.   And please. For the sake of the sport of strongman, PLEASE try to patch things up with him after.
When you lose, don’t cry like a big baby like you did in 2017. The most cowardly, unsportsmanlike man ever !! 🤢
Any more info on this injury?
I think you should be doing some moving around in a ring setting with bright, hot lights shining down on you like there will be on fight night. I'm just saying, prep for the atmosphere of the night - even that can take a toll!
But in all seriousness, somewhere out there Eddie and Thor (and their PR teams) are sitting together discussing and rehearsing the plan for monetization as everyone's a fat winner after this
I don’t know anything about boxing. But I find it so amusing watching Thor practice overhead punches. Dude. There ain’t NO ONE up there
After watching Eddie's behavior over the last 2 months I've grown less and less fond of him. He let's childish behaviors overtake his attitude and comes across unprofessional especially leading up to this fight. I really hope there is a slice of humble pie at the end of this as I feel he has slowly become vulgar. Wishing you good rest and a clear mind for the fight Hafþór.
You got this Thor. It’s just a ploy. He knows he’s toast. He’s going to go hard in the first round to finish it early because knows he doesn’t have the engine you do. So just be ready to protect those ribs. Keep moving in the ring to put him of balance then you can counter punch with those powerful sledgehammers you have. If you survive the first round, you got him.
When did he and Ed became such pompous a-holes? Last I remeber they were all humble and very respectful.
1:35 Conor McGregor got fking huge boys
Stay chill Thor, show him who's boss.. Just expect him to come at you full force in round 1..
Omg bullshit explanation in the end, he knows damn well he didn't need to go and meet Eddie if he was worried the fight being canceled, it's verry clearly that him was the one who got in his face first
Keep it calm keep it real but remember to explode in the ring when the time is right. The lion waits for the perfect moment to strike.
Ready to lose
Just watched the video in question, im afraid Eddie comes off worse in it , in my opinion.  It could have easily just have been some silly jossling/banter but Eddie had to go volcanic lol.  I just hope Thor can weather the initial storm from Eddie so that we can actually see a fight.
Sounds like Eddie was looking for a way to make the Fight Not happen by using those antics Really really Sad and Disgusting
Hey, does anyone know how to bet on the fight?  I can’t find a way to do this anywhere. I don’t know if it’s because I live in Australia and not the UK, but I haven’t seen any options advertised. Pls reply if you know anything 👍
Gonna be a BARNBURNER
Hey, Thor ! Hope you can be fast and sure throwing your punches. If Eddie will spit on you in public, then he will do ANYTHING in the ring to win. He will fight dirty every chance he gets. He'll even try hitting " accidentally " on breaks and after the bell. He's goings to hit you below the belt " unintentionally " of course. He'll head-butt you in clinches and he'll rake over your eyes with the inside of his glove.  He'll step on your foot as he throws a punch. He'll slap and back-hand you. He'll elbow whenever possible. Every dirty trick in the book, he'll try. Don't let his trash-talk get to you. Please,  just be about the business of wearing him down with body blows each and every round until you know it's time to move in for the kill. When you do, your attack should be maniacal and schizoid and as unrelenting as a lunatic berserker, until he crumbles ! Skarphéðinn is watching, so make him proud !
Hmm 🧐 I think lying is not an option in dissing somebody in the video like this keeping your come while you are cursing back to a person and trying to pump yourself to hit him it’s not keeping calm I’ve seen the video you were both wrong by doing this
So you're worried Eddie will mess with you're food and drink?? Really ??? Lol
Keep him at your reach and use your feet  to set up your big shots. Dont step in, side step to line up your strong arm and punch. Eddie is a bully and will get pissed and bulldog you when he cant land. NAKE HIM PAY  with the side step and cross. Dont wrestle with him. Dont shove him down it's an excuse to cheat and low blow or punch behind the head. Hes been learning from parkies and vffv they are kings of dirty boxing.
ru ready for your ass handed out to you? You cried like a little girl with absolutely zero sportsmanship in 2017 wsm and this saturday you'll be humbled. You will be knocked out cold and your ribs will be broken too. haha
If you argue with a fool he will bring you down to his level then beat you with experience. Keep being you.
Thor is moving very different to the last time I watched him. Best of luck!
The power I heard in those jabs.... unreal
Eddie is going to lose by an embarrassing margin and he knows it, after the injury and all the "charity" talk he already told us how much confidence he has. Not much.
THOR I have watched the video multiple times yesterday as well still watched it just now after reading your comments at the end of this video and I NEVER see anyone during the video clip or afterwards as The cardio-less Beast leaves that says anyone gets seriously hurt. 😳  I understand the need for blowing up the interest for the fight but falsely saying someone was seriously hurt during the altercation is totally false. Good luck This weekend I'm excited to see how the fight turns out.
Eddie’s a punk
Eddie’s a punk
slow is smooth, smooth is fast. You have gone from slow to fast. I am very impressed with the progress you have made.
You know after reading that i thought Eddie had more class then that. Very low blow. Thats WWE antics.
eddie is so scared, he showed up trying to get THOR to attack him so the fight would get canceled. eddie thought this was going to be some funny exhibition fight when in reality THOR took it seriously and eddie didn't. THOR, We all know you're going to win but please KNOCK HIM THE FUCK OUT!
Hafthor your dad is the best
Damn thor what an impressive improvement 👏 your punching really well and moving nicely for such a big guy. You're definitely gonna smash fat boy Eddie up. God bless and good luck! U look great too, stay at that weight...team mountain ⛰ 😉
Eddie is just being eddie.. He should learn some professionalism from you..
How many Yes men have you brought I can't wait for the Beast to knock you on the canvas for being a cry baby in 2017
Not interested in this 💩.  I like watching these guys lift not box.  But hey to each his own
Hi Thor'' please knock eddie out!! cheers and keep up the good work
So I’m confused, why do a lot of fans complain about Eddie being a baby but yet Thor legitimately lost and wasn’t man enough to shake Eddie’s hand and started this entire drama and ruined a friendship over his botched sets
Eddie has punching power and speed but thats it Thor. I hope you show him that boxing isnt all about that but also about boxing iq and and cardio and dodge hits
only UK BLOKES want eddie to win?!? thor is the man and such a well rounded father
Have a drink with Eddie before the match
Just watched the video online. Congratulations on the audio quality! I could hear your footfalls the sound is so good. With the audio quality as it is, if anyone spit, why are there no spitting or even spit-like sounds? What I could SEE however was you pushing your guys towards Eddie in that classic schoolyard ‘better hold me back fellas’ sort of way. C’mon, Thor… you’re supposed to be better than this.
I hope that there are some very  big men to pull these men apart if either one doesn't respect the referee's calls.   It would be terrible if it turns into an overall brawl outside Marquis of Queensbury rules.   Hate and revenge can be good mental tools when preparing and training, kerfuffles like the spitting incident is not unusual in combat sports to intimidate your opponent before the fight, however, it just that in this case, each man was once the World's Strongest Man and they are the only men in history to lift 500KG off the ground in a deadlift!  I mean, holy shit!      They are both monsters and could easily kill each other or anybody that gets in their way.   Would you want to break them up if it get's really nasty?  There really needs to be a few hulking monsters to break it up if it get's out of hand.    It would be like trying to break up a couple of fighting tigers.     Best of luck to both fighters, please follow the rules.  Nobody wants to see either of these amazing athletes get killed.  I hope this turns out to be a great fight.  It's certainly historic.  Thor and Eddie, best of luck to you both.  End the grudge and be an example to the world on how to settle this like gentlemen by following the rules.
Wow dude, you really think Eddie is going to tamper with your food?😂
If this were a real boxing match, Thor would have a tremendous advantage- with his tremendous reach advantage, all he would have to do is dance and land punches a la Muhammad Ali.
You don’t trust Eddie?… You actually think he would do something with your food?  Between the two of you, if ANYone was going to do that, my suspicion wouldn’t go to Eddie Hall first. C’mon, Thor. I’d have thought you were a better man than that. Eddie isn’t the one who diminished the victory of a competitor and someone thought to be a friend.
Set up? There were professional cameras and mics all over as if this was set up by the organizers to promote. And Eddies camera girl and Thor’s and his dad was recording for YouTube? Idk man seems sus
Building excuses already. Eddie will be more fluid, Thor can't be fluid. Both have power.
Best of luck THOR!! You got this💪🏽
THE FULL VIDEO LOOKED SET UP FROM BOTH SIDES :/ !! MAYBE THATS WHY YOU DONT WANT TO UPLOAD IT ON HERE !! JUST BOX AND STOP ALL THE FAKE SET UP VIDS!
I really appreciate the camera man, he does a good job at adding content, we’ll done!
Hi Hafthor,   I'm Muhammad Ahmed from Pakistan 🇵🇰  sending you - love and support!
Thor is lookin great I'd like to see Mike Tyson train some head and body movement
Hollywood wannabe got exposed, can’t pretend to be a nice guy anymore
The more I think about Eddie the more I realize he's a complete idiot. This is DUBAI we're talking about. They don't play with this sort of behavior at all. Yet Eddie has a family at home waiting for him. What a complete and total tool bag he is. I hope Thor floors the guy which I think he will.
Thors so mad Eddie’s exposed who he really is and why they fell out
Saw the video, there were like 12 cameras in there, Ed was dragged out.... But anyone claiming Ed spat first, he didn't even get any spit out... I'm glad that nothing happened to jeopardize the fight, after 2017 I haven't been a fan of yours since, I'm still team Eddie but it's sucks to see you both like this...
I'm seeing the power coming out now that's hes comfortable with his technique, EDDDDIIIEEE IS IN TROUBLE. I hope it's just a fun match, can't wait. Hopefully nobody was seriously injured, but if so it's going to teach Eddie a lesson in acting like a thug.
Hope Eddie wins, but Thor won't make it easy, that's for sure.
Why is Thor suspicious of Eddie trying to cheat? Hmm. I guess it takes one to know one.
why did i think the older man holding the pads was Terry Atlas for a moment? 😂😂😂
The statement made about watching drinks ect. Due to your lack of trust in Eddie and team is ridiculous. You know dam well he nor his team would resort to anything to gain an edge. Shameful remark
Thor has proven himself time and time again to victory.   Thor won wsm more than once.   Can't wait to see you beat Eddie
Dude you're gonna get a sound beating by the beast, trust me.
Watching that clip of Eddie’s set up to come to your gym training was hilarious he made an even bigger arse of himself and spitting like a child !!! He knows he’s being out classed in the ring and he can’t handle it !!he’s losing so many fans from his camp to team Thor !! Your living rent free in his head you’ve got this big man now go smash him so I can get a new screen saver  of the child hall sparked out on the canvas 😂😂😂😂
I was all for Thor when he first made videos. He changed the life style to be a fighter. But Eddie is now still heavier and is throwing more punches a second and way more powerful.
I liked Eddie when he lifted 500kgs back in 2016. Since then my opinion of him has gone down. Kick his ass Thor!
I never knew you spit back. I did however enjoy how small Eddie looked in front of you, I also enjoyed his screaming like a girl…. Personally I thought you had the upper hand in behaviour over Eddie the farting spittle
Forget knockout, I'm not even sure Eddie will make it through the fight without DQ'ing.
Eddie’s actions was that of a scared man .
All these couch professionals makes me laugh. You all trying to give Thor your "advise". You really think he's going to knock out Eddie? I doubt it. He's stiff and far slower. But that being said his reach and height will tire Eddie out. This will be a fast fight regardless of the winner. Neither guy have the cardio to go any real distance. It won't even get out of the 2nd round before gassing out.
Thor just needs to keep Eddie on the outside first few rounds. Let him get tired then really turn up the pace and get him out in the latter rounds. Thor has much better boxing skill than eddie I think as long as Thor doesn't get caught he beats Eddie.
Dang just  seen clip eddie spit crazy he mad mad.
Thor had to be the boxer. He went too big when he took the deadlift record. It worked out for him. Eddie is going to do a great job being the puncher but he's not going to have head movement. Thor is going to be evasive.
Thor I think you are a sore loser. You lost the 2017 worlds strongest man 👨 then took away the highlight from the winner. I’ve watched the event over and over. And the one thing that stands out is u could have made points on other events. I think in your thoughts no matter winning 🥇 the 2018 it sours your soul that u never beat or had the chance to beat Eddie to gain your title. Eddie to me is a fat loud 👄 mouth and annoying person but you are all elite athletes and should behave appropriate to the situation. I want Eddie to win only on the fact that you are the person that started this and I believe with all his faults Eddie is still a far better stand up guy than you.
Just saw the video. Looks like roid rage from Hall. Is he going to be drug tested? I think he is looking for a way out. Wanted to provoke a brawl to get the fight cancelled. Or to knock you off your game like Ali did to Liston, Foreman, and Frazier. He really really really needs a beat down.
Eddie Hall to win 🏆 🙌
R.I.P Scott Hall
I think you’ll beat Eddie on points, but saying you don’t trust Eddie or his team near your food is silly, I understand that in general nobody goes near your food, but insinuating they Eddie might poison you is silly.
Eddie is going to put cry baby Thor in the Hospital
A street fight is what i would expect from him , even in the boxing ring.  he wont fight clean.
I can't see Thor winning this ....
Looking great, Thor. The improvement is incredible. You look like a legit boxer now. Exceedingly well done. Please keep your hands up at all times against Hall. Be patient. Be ready for his wild haymakers. Box him at range. And knock his block off.
Hafthor can win in many ways, Eddie can only win in one way.
What kinda childish shit is this???? I'm so sorry this has happened to you Thor. Wow
Bullshit!  I saw the video, Eddie was NOT dragged out of the gym.  He challenged Thor to a street fight after Thor insulted him.  Eddie yelled to Thor, to come outside.  Eddie walked outside, daring Thor to follow him.  Thor made sure to keep several people between him and Eddie.  Fear!
Hall has so much hate which might give him  the advantage in the ring. But who knows....
WHO WAS SEVERELY INJURED BY EDDIE? ARE THEY OK?
This will be a good fight, I hope neither guy gets hurt too bad though.  I am in The apposing corner but I wish good luck to Thor!
Ur going down..
"that eddie was in on" lmao, i don't think eddie is the only one that was 'in' on it.  Can't wait to see this shit on saturday.
As much as I want to see this fight, I wish this was all just a big ruse to bring in viewers and Thor and Eddie are actually bros. The fact that this all came from a disagreement over a competition result that took place 5 years ago is ridiculous. Thor was a sore loser in WSM 2017 and Eddie is being overly offended by it. Both need to man up and move on.
Thor's dad kinda looks like Adolf H. No pun or insult intended, not saying anything bad against him. A kind looking Hitler
You guys forgot there's a mental game played as well before a fight right lol every one is trying to get the edge on the other guy mentally ... Stop crying like he's doing something odd .. if Eddie loses he will respect that  😂
I knew there would be some kind of interaction before the fight. Eddie is just that kind of person to not stay away.
Haha funny to accuse Eddie of cheating when ur the one who cheated
What about your professionalism in Botswana when he beat you at WSM2017? You double dipped, you didn’t win the airplane pull, and you didn’t win the deadlift… You are the biggest guy out there… You shake his hand but Diminish his win with your complaining about being cheated… you lost because he beat you in the deadlift…
Odin is with you my broer!!
Where's the written form about what happened yesterday?
eddie is a beast thor is a gentle giant
Im happy for thor… being that over weight, wether muscle or fat is obese and unhealthy to carry for long periods of time. Wish him the beat moving forward.
Knock his ass out Thor.  Eddie is all mouth.  He forgets you fought against an ex special forces soldier from Canada in Devon Larratt who has seen much more real combat and trained for that than Eddie Hall ever did.  He got mad, capitalize on that and give him a good beating but don't get too cocky.  Eddie has a lot of power and if you keep your guard down you can get knocked out.  Stay calm and relaxed and then beat him soundly.  Stay humble don't feed your ego.
I predict Thor v Tyson Fury in the future.
Apparently Edward was pulling a Connor move on Thor. If he’s doing stunts like this he’s gotta be worried about Thor !
TEAM THOR
Thor, I wouldn't trust Eddie or his team with your food either. That should be a well guarded item at all times. The one thing I am noticing is Eddie has already been beat and I think he knows it and that's why he is afraid to get in the ring. His actions remind me of Mike Tyson's when he knew he was beat in the Holyfield fight. Please be ready for some serious low blows and illegal fighting on behalf of Eddie. Please remember you are in Dubai, a different country of laws, rules and regulations. I do believe once you start pounding Eddie into the ground, he may even stoop to biting like Tyson did. I am a little nervous for you and your team. I believe you are going to knock his ass out two minutes and change in the third round! Bring a big baba and a binkie with you so you can give it to Eddie after he loses.
Come on Thor, take accountability. This might fool some of your fans that are new to the fight game but not someone who knows it. You were notified 5 minutes prior and you couldn’t tell your team to lock the door or to crowd it so you didn’t have to see him? To tell him that you’ll see him fight night. That’s not a sign a fear that’s a sign of composure. Doing your talking in the ring. Eddie was wrong to come down but he didn’t get someone hurt you both did. You did nothing to deescalate the situation. In fact you have a camera man by the door and in the ring waiting for Eddie to come. Then you were the one who walked up and got nose to nose w him. You don’t think a normal size person could get hurt with two 300+ guys trying to get at each other? Come on. Would it have happened if Eddie stayed away no but it also wouldn’t of mattered if you truly were hell bent on being a professional. Be accountable don’t push blame on someone else to make yourself feel better when the results of your combined actions were less than noble.
First he says Eddie cheated him out of Worlds strongest man, Now he's not trusting his food around Eddie Hall? Fuck sake. I can guarantee you, having watched both Eddie Hall and Thor train, if Eddie's Cardio is there and he handles the nerves, which even though fighting is completely different to strong man, its still performing at a high level, under pressure infront of a mass crowd, he will do thor some serious harm, dismantle him. Thor looks like he started boxing this morning for the first time. there's a millions reasons pointing towards why Eddie Hall will win, and Millions reasons pointing towards Thor loosing. Thor has a punchers chance, like anyone dose stepping in the ring. That's it.
I can't believe you two beefcakes spat at each other. Truly a bitch move for both of you.
They squashed the video cuz eddie made an absolute spectacle of himself and his lack of discipline was shown. Itll be ko thor victory
Thor is looking crisp and quick! Light-years from where he was!
Looks kind of like you instigated it bud. Either way it’s amazing that after all these years you both are so butt hurt still. You never apologized to Eddie despite knowing you acted a fool in 2017 and Eddie is still playing the dumb villain
I've watched Eddie for years now, just started watching your content as well. You both are AMAZING human beings. I think you are putting in some AWESOME AWESOME work! What an incredible human to be a strongman and then switch up to boxing. Your technique is looking fantastic. Well prepared. I don't have any bias between fighters, but I hope you leave it all in the ring and do your best! Go Team Hafthor!
i don't know much bout boxing, but in every thor video he his jabbing above his own head; even the trainer is holding the pad at like a height of 7'.    Eddie is shorter and has torso movement making him even shorter than he already is compared to thor, so why is thor practicing punching in an upwards motion to that of parallel to the floor??
Aww cmon Thor - stop being silly...
Eddie acted scared and clearly wants to avoid Saturday night
I am hoping Thor knock's the Sock's off Eddie but in saying that I hope both boxer's walk away from this fight with no serious injury's and go home to there families healthy. But I just have this feeling in my gut that this fight is going to be a draw, I hope I'm wrong but just have this feeling. 👍🇺🇲🗽🇮🇸🗽🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿👍
to late the vids been shared 💀 millions have seen it already. thor im telling you right now u think eddie is short and stubby but eddie im telling you with gods honest truth eddies going to rock youre world.
We all knew Eddie would go out kicking and screaming like the big baby he is
What happen yesterday was Eddie saw how big you were and shit his pants trying to act hard lol
thor you’re gonna get smashed
Reading through some of these comments and people saying Eddie has bullied Thor and that he spat out of insecurity... guys.. its literally just head games, most fights are won before the fight if you can get in their head, cite connor mcgregor, Mike tyson, Ali... etc etc etc. If people can't see that that's what's going on then they're blind. It's happened both ways too, like the promo posters, Hapthors had Eddie looking smaller and Eddie had his where they were both head height to each other. MIND GAMES AND AGGRESSION thats all this is, it isn't a game of football they're about to smash each others faces in.
All this trying to be the bigger person is such bs, cant wait to see you guys fight and just get it over with. You both are great in your own respects but stop acting more mature than one another its just dumb
Thor, anihillate him for us. Eddie´s behaviour ha put him between a rock and a hard place, even if Eddie wins Thor would come out as the better and more profesional men, but when Thor Knocks that big bloated clown his whole brand is gonna fall apart.
The dedication is awesome brother 🥊
After what you did in wsm17 eddie has some unfinished business with you !! You took away his glory from that day because of your lack of respect for the sport and Eddie and he will show you Saturday night
Eddie wants it so much more than thor all you yes men will regret kissing his ass. He ruined eddies finest moment from being a cry baby he won’t get out of this without being face up on the canvas
it's great to have runar back.
Guys guys guys..  What happened was obviously staged 😑 Why would they try to set a street fight outside before the event? It makes no sense. They both want the official fight to happen. Neither of them want to get injured before the actual fight. They are professionals. No matter how much they hate each other, they are clearly disciplined people. Eddie was even worried Thor was going to catch virus or something when he travelled to Arnold.
If Thor can keep calm and try to box he might win via points. If he gets suckered into a brawl this will be a fun but quick fight. Eddie is used to knocking people out from bouncing in Stoke where the local love to get drunk and fight. So he'll try to make this messy.  Thor keeping it professional so far. Good for him. Eddie just coming across as an emotional baby. I'm more interested in this fight than I should be.
After you guys are finished with this, can you both train in chess and compete against each other?
Look at Lenox Lewis front step together with jab. That will defeat Eddie.
I use to really like Eddie, but after seeing him do what he did to you and everyone else, including the person he injured, he has officially lost all my respect. I have unfollowed and unsubscribed to him for his disgraceful and disgusting act. Eddie really is a man child, and what he did shows it big time. He's extremely immature, pig headed, and egotistical. Thor, you however have come a long way from the 2017 WSM final, you've matured and have become a lot more professional. The way you handled it when it happened wasn't the best way to handle it granted, but it's always a good thing to apologize for something that you did. You have my entire respect, and I'm putting my money on you to win the upcoming fight on the 19th. You've been training and working hard to gain the experience a boxer should need to win their matches, and I can definitely see you winning this one. Best of luck to you Hafthor.
Watched the video of what happened. Nice of you to lie. You instigated just as much.
Who ended up getting severely injured.
Bro u were just scared its ok we all know that eddie is going to win this one and that u r not even close to his lvl
Hail Thor!
real question, why is he punching up? Eddie is shorter shouldn't he be practicing throwing downwards?
DO BARE KNUCKLE BOXING! EONOUGH OF THIS, SETTLE IT LIKE MEN!
Dude you lost the 2017 WSM it's all on video...I watched it! A Big Man admits his mistakes... Eddie's gonna blast you bro!
I used to be team Eddie but his actions have made me come over to team Thor.
Hafthor you should be resting on fight week not training, no good professional coach would have u training on fight week. Not hating i want you to win but you should be recharging the batteries now feet up total rest etc light shadow boxing is ok just to keep sharp but definetly shouldn't be sweating or any form of exertion on fight week unless needing to make weight. Good luck you have improved ten fold !
#TeamEddie
Get some rest Thor
Serious question, why is Brian Shaw still friends with Eddie? I'm 100% against cancel culture, but Eddie should definitely be cancelled for this!
Eddie deserves a win after Thor tried to discredit Eddie’s dominant win in 2017
I think it was all planned to hype up the match. I know its not ppv but hype it up to get more eyeballs on the stream. Either way cant wait to watch the fight.
... I knew Eddie would pull some crap like this... I’m actually surprised it took him so long after you arrived in Dubai ..... This will probably not be the only time he will try to get inside your head during this entire event.... Stay focused on the mission... Save the rage for fight night.... Let it bottle up inside you, and then explode on fight night....Cripple this motherfugger ....
hmmm gotta pay to see ?  well there is tons of fight clubs free on you tube with true grudges. All the  condition in the world wont means shit if you get hit hard.... you better be ready.  This is not a boxing match....  it will be either a planned round to a victory or a true brawl which will last  maybe 2 rounds. Live fire is different than sparing. Good Luck.
What I'm trying to wonder is why that bum said let's go outside and not just throw down inside, Hall is a pure bum
Eddie's gunna fuckin destroy you
Now you really really want to beat the f***  out of Eddie more than ever, he did a big mistake trying to attack you. That will give you more rage to destroy this stupid man. I wouldn't want to be in his place.
I think Eddie got it wrong people do change
Thor much love and support this is mind over matter ❤️
Does Thor’s friend the short one have a channel he disappeared from thors content
Unfortunately, Eddie is coming off really poorly in all this. He has certainly lost a lot of my respect. That scene with Eddie trying to spit on Thor and injuring someone in the process is just disgusting.
Not going to lie im probably more of an eddie fan, but i really think thor is going to smash  him
I haven't seen the video, but assuming it's true Eddie seems like he's really out of control, and again if true, I think that anger will backfire on him. Even if he "wins" (which I don't think he will), he will still end up losing because people are starting to see how unprofessional and unsportsmanlike he really is.
Keep your cool in the ring. You have a reach advantage and eddie can't throw normal punches, he's mostly wild overhaands and leaves himself exposed. Stick to the basics , defend well against Eddie' as he will likely come out explosive and look for a  KO and gas out fairly quick, don't forget to uppercut, Eddie has no defense and your height advantage/ longe reach you can really do some damage with some well timed uppercuts.  I want you to get the KO but a win on points would be just as satisfying. Best of luck Saturday you got this.
Eddie will run, resist the need to chase him, wait until he gets close.
You Thor bum chums do realise that this started from Thor being a sore sore loser with too many yes men around him. Eddie would of won the worlds that year regardless of the point deduction for a double dip . Eddie ain’t the bad guy in this. Thor called him out after pulling 501 in a home gym. Personally I think they both gonna gas out and it will be a snore fest but on the cobbles Eddie rips Thor’s head off
In my opinion this is just stupid...if you were to just except defeat and not cry over a loss that happened in 2017 none of this would have happened
Eddie did what he did because he is scared and he should be .. Your THOR and nobody fucks with your moutain !
I really hope you guys find your friendship again.  Someday.  Forgiveness is true strength.  It goes for both of you.
I like Eddie but he has disgraced himself. Win or lose, Thor is clearly the bigger man here. He has proven he isn’t a douche.
Sad to see that Thor doesn't trust Eddie. They used to be friends and Eddie was always respectful towards Thor up until Thor decided to be childish and disrespect Eddies legitimate WSM win. You lost fair and square, get over it.
5:00 is what your are here for
Way too many yes men on here...we get it yall don't like eddie...so what I like both of them for what they have accomplished...thor said this eddie said that...let's just see who wins in the ring...that's what I look forward to the most
I use to like Eddie but he is turned into an arrogant prick, always stay humble Thor and be the bigger man between the two of you as you have gained a lot of respect already not just from myself but from many others. Now go knock the arrogance out of him 👊 Kia Kaha, Kia Maia, Kia Manawanui
After seeing Eddie’s behavior and trying to spit on you is the lowest and demeaning thing. It’s actually considered a criminal assault in some places. I have been spit on and I know the disgusting feeling. I’m not an Eddie supporter no longer. You have my full support Thor.
😳How tall is your dad?? 8ft tall? That man is a giant. You guys sound just alike.
sushi challenge after the fight
Waiting for Nirmal to comment
Eddie is nuts dude went from the legend strong guy who lifted 500kg to some crazy sensitive bully who complains and offends
Dude, EDDIE  HALL is a JOKE. Thor literally spent 2 years preparing SMARTLY for this FIGHT, TRAINING CORRECTLY like a REAL 👉👉👉 BEAST👈👈👈 and what? Has Eddie done for this fight besides get injured provoking the cancellation of the fight and this incident. I’ll give Eddie hall some credit as he was a great STRONGMAN but just like THORS nickname he is the MOUNTAIN 🏔 and he will KO Eddie hall on this fight.
I think that Eddie was originally wronged by Hafthor but after all these years of Eddie counter slandering and basically bullying Hafthor, he has done more wrong.
I followed Eddie before I found Thor and now follow both. More and more I find Eddie is all about self promotion and is trying to build a little empire for himself. I don't blame him for doing this but he could do it with a lot more class and integrity.
Jesus thor you have turned into a conspiracy theorist
These 2 clowns are fools. But watch the video. Thor pokes Eddie in the chest, than backs away, Eddie goes toward Thor, then people hold him back. Not until Eddie is being dragged out does Thor go after him. Eddie may lose the boxing fight, but Thor sure would lose in a street fight. Thor is a pussy.
Man you are a walking example of a consummate professional and your discipline is impressive. Watching your transformation from strongman to boxing as well as how you’ve handled things with Eddie throughout the process is exactly how it should be handled; detached (mostly) and using sound logic. Firmly in your corner for this fight and everything else you undertake going forward.
Its a shame this all started because you have 18 yes men surrounding you at all times. Imagine dedicating your WSM retirement going after Eddie hall all because you couldn't take a loss. Eddie deserved the win in 2017, you are delusional to think otherwise. I struggle to see how people are so blinded by the fact that you started all this drama and dislike Eddie because of it, all because you don't like him... Crazy.
I like you both but when you say stupid shit like I don't trust Eddie's team with your food. Makes you sound weak and fishing for excuses already. After that comment I really hope Eddie knocks you out. So you don't have a chance to make excuses. Trash talk is one thing but that shit is on a different level
Lmfao just watched your video! I really didn’t think you would be scarred of him like that! Everyone trying to hold Eddie back and you pretending to try and get to him but nobody was holding you. Don’t try and say you tried to be professional you were scarred!!
LETS GO THOR! WHATEVER HAPPENS JUST ENJOY YOURSELF :)
Bad for Eddie going there but, you start the trash talk and you start to touch/push him. It doesn´t looks like he is spitting. It´s more trying to say "fking whatever" and he say only "ffff". No one spit like this hahahaha.  However, you spit to Eddie. Someone was injured? Really? No footage?. Ok Bad for Eddie and Bad for you. Anyway, good luck for both. Regards.
All comes down to 2017 you were incredibly disrespectful and a disgrace to the sport of strongman. You lost you double dipped was warned atleast 3 times plus Eddie had another 2 in there atleast on the viking press. It will not be forgotten!! Come 19th Eddie will hopefully have some respite after this. To add i do respect how you've taken to boxing but still no honour sorry but its the truth
Power is looking good. Looking forward to Saturday's fight beat his ass buddy.
I have not seen the video but, The fact that Eddie would act in this way disgusts me and, injure someone else because his ego was knocked is no way for a so-called professional to act shame on you, Eddie shame on you!
I'd like to see Eddie drink all of his meals through a straw for a few months.
As long as you don't get emotional and it seems like you won't then its a wrap for ed
Clowns gonna continue to be a clown. Surprised he didnt tear something in the process. You handled it fine man... like everyone keeps telling you,  let him amp himself out. You stay calm and beat that ass brother cant wait
Praise the Sun
You are the only cheating double dipper pal! Eddie will beat you far then you will moan! Even Magnuson said get over it. You should be thanking him for retiring so you got a win in 2018
Block overhand right  winner thor in 3.5 seconds.
You remain a class act.
Man I wanna watch an updated sparring session from Thor. I wanna root for him but his jab in the mitts is too different from his sparring jab. I really do hope it improves because I can see his jab as one way for Eddie to land a clean counter.
Does anyone really believe this wasn't staged from the beginning? Someone has to sell this fight, might as well be Eddie and Thor.
THOR THE BOXER FOR THE WIN!!! BET MADE!!!
Surrounded by yes men as usual
Sounded like both of you were pretty eager to go out side and hammer it out :) I am, to use Thors words, super-excited about this fight. May the canvas turn red with blood.
Eddie is kind of acting like a scumbag lately  The guy lost my respect Hope Eddie has some more in the tank other than his iconic arm punches, otherwise he's going down in the 1st 😂
This nice guy fascade both blokes are throwing up is slipping quite hard again, eh? You were antagonising just as much as Eddie is to blame for bringing it down a notch. Stop trying to pretend you're a good bloke. Neither of you are.
Mate you are to slow
LMFAO! Thinking Eddie would fuck with his food and drink
Seems like many here has changed from being in Camp Eddie to Camp Thor. And to be fair, it’s not a surprise! Eddie lost the fight yesterday already, that was his last try to make something happen before getting KO’d.
I saw the video, both of you were not quiet and calm….just sayin
Are you really going there accusing Eddie of cheating again lol. He wants to kill you Thor,
Knock him out Thor
I have been in Eddie's corner for all of this until he spit on you. There is no excuse for spitting on anyone, no matter how mad you are. I hope you knock him out Thor. Good luck!
You will surely win my friend!
Stop crying about 2017, he legit beat you all that year… Cope with it… You both need to grow up this is nonsense
Why make a video like this when 90% of the "fans" call it BS and says the fight is "fake" and "staged".
Good luck to both of you. Big fan of both guys and your strong man career's.
Well Done Hafthor! 💪🏻 Eddie knows he can't win so he will do any third class thing to distract and weaken Thor. Let's be proactive and play smart. #TEAMTHOR 🌍🌎🌏 One global family!
Thor, remember to stay calm on the fight night and on the press conference! What Eddie shows is insecurity, he hates you too much and you're living rent free on his head. That simple means he will not be able to fight, because his huge arms, big body coupled with an adrenaline dump will make him gass in ONE MINUTE. Not even more than this, he will get tired too fast when he start to throw punches and he will find out he didnt trained properly to fight.
Are the rumours true?
Who the fuck is he punching taller then him!? He maybe fighting a Goliath but he's 5 ft shorter! Who is he trying to hit!? Shaquille O Niel or Eddy Hall!?
Thor fights like a transgender women = basically 🐶 💩
So Eddie says he has the same reach as you, 80", how is that possible?, is Eddie part orangutan or Chimpanzee? I'm calling BS. I guess he's related to Jon Jones he's 6'4" with a 84.5" reach
My MMA coach taught us that the best way to get yourself knocked out is to completely focus on destroying your opponent. Whereas if you focus on weaknesses, how to avoid them and how to counter, you're much more capable than the rage-a-holic charging at you only seeing red. If Eddie's plan is just to go in guns blazing and not to box, he's in for a real ass beating.
They're teaching him way wrong
Big Eddie fan here, I wasn’t really a fan of yours Thor but over the past few months you’re growing on me pal 😁
Pretty professional 😤😤
Thor and his dad finally weigh the same again, that hasn't happened since Thor was in kindergarten
He didn't want to settle it in the ring, he was hoping you snapped, so he could say ''look. he is clearly not fit to fight me blablabla'', etc. He is afraid.
good to see dad happy
Honestly, despite all the controversy after WSM 2017, I was so happy to see how far Thor seems to have changed in the last 2 years. So disapointed here to hear him say "don't let anyone near my food or water, I don't trust Eddie's team". This shows how delluded he still is. We've all watched the documentaries, Eddie clearly deserved the 2017 Title, and the cheating allegations have been debunked. So disapointed in Thor.
Saw the video don t think he is acting, the hate is real, hope he will be clement saturday
Thor has the hotter woman
Eddie is trying to play mind games. It's like a last ditch effort before the fight. mind games don't come into a fight with someone who is focused. If anything Thor is now more fired up, the true Viking will come out and I feel bad for what's coming to Eddie
I hate tyrants
Seems kinda fishy Eddie showed up with all these cameras, wonder if it was a last ditch attempt to get out of fight?
Eddie Hall is coming for you 1000%, you need good luck because that intensity he has is going to be smashing you for round after round after round, You Thor should not have woken  The Beast Eddie Hall
Eddie's honestly a fucking clown, it would be so funny to see his world fall apart if Thor wins
Hey Thor you better protect your ears because Eddie might pull a Mike Tyson on you👂💥😜
Gonna crush Eddie!!!
EDDIE WILL KNOCK YOU OUT FIRST ROUND BAAHAHAHAHAHA
I unsubscribed from eddie a while back. I was becoming less fond of him down during the whole deadlift world record nonsense. This really put the nail in the coffin when he pulled this antic.
Team Thor from 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
like i said in an erlier video, i used to like you both, but i have been leaning more to you´re side last year due to all the bullshit that comes from eddie now. i saw the video and i must say that eddies behavior was disgusting and this showed that he is not that confident as he likes to seem. he have now lost all my respect i had left for him and i hope you take him down to earth agian!  ps, if someone tries to spit in my face i would spit back to. and most likely smash his face in. cus that is f***ing disgusting!
What a tank Thor is. Good luck to him!
*Thor needs to stop punching so high. It’s very bad for accuracy!* He should be working on punching on a decline angle because Eddie is shorter. Thor MUST stay at range and jab eddies face off and KEEP MOVING!
Mr Double dip , lost some weight , looking good
what happened??
Bro your technique is insane Eddie is in for a night
Wtf, that happened yesterday? Crazy lol, anyone have leaked footage? Pretty trashy for him to do that!
Why is the guy holding the pads so high ?  It looked like Thor was basically punching at head height or higher even. Thor’s is like 6’ 8 and Eddie is 6’ 3.  Shouldn’t pads be held at around Eddies height
They should've fought before losing the weight that would've been insane
Thor your practicing punching someone 6’9, Eddie’s 6’3 so you should be practicing punching around that height and anyways you’ll fight Very few people any taller than that
I hope Thor destroys Eddie! 💥🥊😡🥊💥          🏅          👖        🥾🥾
4th round uppercut incoming.
Good luck for Saturday Thor, stay focused and smash/K.O that disgusting pig called "THE BEAST"
all they can say is a girl outside got injured by eddie and is now getting intensive care
I seen video now spitting on someone worst thing I can't stand knock all spit out Eddie mouth
I have a feeling eddie tried to get u to swing for him so the whole thing could be axed , a way for Eddie to get out of this cos he knows he gonna lose
Stay professional Thor your discipline and integrity will win the fight Saturday.  Ps spitting really is disgusting . Go well Saturday Thor .
You come across as a great guy. I unsubbed from the beast and subbed here after reading your statement at the end of the video. A tiny token gesture I know but hey.  Hope you come put of this happy and healthy mate.
i've seen the video. its great for promotion. i dont buy it being real 🤣 Eddie has not shown that side of him in any content in the past, and it went from 0 to 100 real quick. even if Thor's response and responses were real and Genuine. dont sleep on Eddie. everyone's agreed opinion from what i've seen in the comments is that Eddie is going to be a big ball of emotion and go full blast the first few rounds.........which may just be what Eddie wants you to think. Thor's fighting style is a strong counter to his opponents strong offense. i wouldn't be surprised if Thor takes this fighting style into the ring and Eddie comes out and plays cautiously to throw Thor's whole game plan out the window
Everyone called Eddie out for spitting.. NOONE called Thor out for spitting, so good job on showing some integrity and stepping up to admit that. All the more respect to you. You can win a boxing match against Eddie any day of the week. But be careful, Eddie isn’t looking for a boxing match, but a full out fight. You’ve been training like a professional, not a fighter. Please teach that piece of garbage a life lesson. Good luck !!!
I just hope you guys can through big punches for more than one round without gassing.
Eddie has really just turned into a man-child, it's just ridiculous.
A last desperate attempt to intimidate Thor. Eddie lost my respect a while ago but that was just a disgrace. Seems like Eddie is pretty nervous. He tried really hard to win the fight outside of the Ring. I am hyped for the fight!
Eddie is an overgrown man-child. He is the living embodiment of Eric Cartman.
I hope Thor works that jab and circles in the 1st few rounds to frustrate the rhino.  Then he can land the big right in the later rounds.  Tyson struggled against some tall fighters when they did not fight him toe to toe.
Nice video, before I still felt a bit of esteem towards eddie because in any case he is a great athlete and it doesn't rain on this but he has a very bad temper and I can no longer feel esteem towards him, keep it up thor, you're going great in everything and with this video you have also shown that you are truly a mature person unlike eddie who despite being over 30 behaves like an angry 14 year old boy, if eddie for some remote and mysterious reason read this comment, I'm sorry but it's true, you are a great athlete but in recent times you have shown yourself to be a little respectable person / an unripe person, I hope you change your attitude in the future because otherwise you are really great, I can't wait that he arrives on the 19th to see the match and that the best man wins 💪🏻🥊⚡
Is there anywhere we can bet on the fight? My money sure would be on Hafthor
What's impressed me the most Thor is how fit you are you've lost the weight but done it properly
Eddie is the more natural fighter. But Thor has made the most progress. If Thor uses his natural attributes he can win. If Eddie gets in close its over quickly.
Thor For the WIN! 100%!
After Eddie's display I'm rooting for you Thor. Initially I was rooting for Eddie because of the 2017 stuff. But he's been acting very childish. I like you both but your professionalism makes me want you to win.
Clearly staged to pump the audience
uuhh, your video before this one said that you had interviews with Eddie. you said it in the video that you had promotional events with eddie
Thor my fellow Viking you have already beat Eddie his reaction in that video was pure emotions did you hear his emotional fighting back tears to get you outside hahahah you have won the mind game already I also loved the note "one event wonder" hahaha that was well played because he was being the more pathetic unprofessional one insulting a medical condition all the build up is getting to him he will be nervous every day knowing you are a better boxer but please don't enter the ring with the emotions or any ego treat all fighters with respect and you will never under estimate them or yourself let Eddie do all his crying and whatever we all know you are the better man the better athlete the better professional My love and respect to you and all your family and Runar and his family
Hy Thor. You are a great man and the greatest sportsman of all times. Eddie hall is nothing in your presence
More baseless lies and slander. If Thor was as good at boxing as he was making up lies to smear Eddie with, he might have a chance at winning.
In all honesty (and i think thor will one day admit it) if this fight happend within a year of signing the contract I think Eddie would of won just because be is a scapper and always has been (he has that mentality and that was what his life was.  Good or bad, he is 'rough as houses' as they say)... but now Thor is looks like a huge amateur boxer. Thus fight will go down to whose tatics work best on the night or from a random knockout  punch.
Hope Thor will smash Eddie's face in, disgusting behavior from him. He knew he didnt have the discipline to lose the weight and train hard enough for the boxing fight, so he wanted to take it out on the streets smh
Bollocks!!!!!!! lol - great promo though! looking foreward to the fight
If Eddie has 'severely' injured someone during the altercation surely there's the possibility the fight could be in jeopardy if the police get involved. Fuck being stuck in a jail over there. I've seen the video in question, it's still kicking about. If Eddie fancied a crack at Thor and vice versa I doubt the entourage on both sides would have been able to stop it. Either way it's generated further talking points. Is there a pre fight media conference? If so things could get tasty.
Your dads awesome 👍🏻
Be safe and Win
Man I really hope you'll know that big baby out in the fight... So sick of this stupid kindergarden. I really loved watching both of you years ago competing but what Eddie is doing is so stupid and annoying at this point.  Anyways I hope after the fight it's finally over.
I'm an Eddie fan from way back but I hope Thor wins the fight! Best of luck Thor!
Eddie will kill him. They will get the drug into his drink. Eddie has a plan
Eddie walks thr earth with a lot of anger and bitterness, he thinks because he won 1 WSM he is the all time greatest, just a shame he cannot out his bitterness to one side and look how he has come on in life and the money he has made, Saturday is around the corner, if he has prepared for this fight he wouldn't have behaved like he did
The thumbnail looks like a Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie poster?
Don’t trust Eddie and his team😂😂😂😂 you look soooo nervous lol come on the BEAST
I had a look at the video and am chuckling at your sanitised version posted here. You stepped into his face saying something like "are you shitting yourself" and things went off from there. From what i could see, you were most definitely the aggressor. Hall wasn't walking into you or pushing you. Shit talking and building up fights & selling PPV's is part of the game... you're not playing a round of golf. You seemed to be trying to make things physical before the fight! Regarding someone getting injured, that is indeed a shame, but I'll definitely wait for the facts to come out rather than trust your narrative!
He was tyring to provoke you thor hes desperate
Good luck Thor👍 greetings from Norway 🇧🇻🤝🇮🇸
I like both you and Eddie but you call Eddie's behaviour disgusting but your actions at the 2017 WSM were also disgusting and unsportsmanlike. That was just mind games from Eddie. Of course he's going to try and ruffle your feathers, don't be nieve. Eddie is clearly a Derek Chisora character, he's going to get in your face. You think he's going to be nice and respectful to you? You completely tarnished his win because of your fame build up from Game of Thrones. You've made him "disrespectful" because of your past history/actions. Either way, good luck
Good luck Thor. I was a fan of Eddie's back in 2017 but I don't at all like how he's acted for the last 2 or 3 years. I think his only chance is to turn it into a brawl. I have you down to win as long as you stay disciplined. Looking forward to it!!!
May the Best Man Win. I'm Nutral here. I like both Guys. Nothing but the best for ya.
Thor punching up in practice is hilarious, like who is he fighting? God?
EDDIE AND THOR ARE BOTH JACKASSES I DONT CARE WHO LOSES 😂
I knew Thor was hiding his power you can just hear and see that snap on his punches on the pads and that's not even full on. Eddie is in big fucking trouble 🤣 Thor has some speed there with great technique and power
You punch like lightning and hurt like storm you never fall down and never back down. You got this Hafþór you are the best.
I always new eddie was mentally unstable he definitely needs to get that taken care of before he ends up much worse,   thor should have a summer home in Newfoundland where Vikings are always feel at home.
Can we get another Full Day of Eating again soon? :)
It seems like it's really important for Eddie to believe he is intimidating you and he is just that confident in himself because he has been bringing it up every chance he can in videos for the last couple years.
THOR if you spit you fell for it or caused it.. Your a big boy, you both made more sales by being more barbaric... pun intended... welcome to the show business.
SOME ONE SHOULD HAVE TOLD THE DAILY MAIL THEN AS THE VID IS ON THERE. OH AND GREAT ACTING FROM YOU BOTH TOO 😂😂🤣🤣
Taking the video down was a dumb idea by Coresports or whomever. This would help the interest in the fight. Whomever has tried to promote this fight has done a terrible job. Ive been looking forward to it but now I honestly could care less. Good luck to both!
I feel Eddie is just trying to promote the fight man. It's just business in my opinion. He did nothing wrong. Welcome to the fight game!!!
Thor really looking like a colossus titan
Knock him.out. ireland is backing our best neighbours Iceland 🇮🇸 😀
Hall is getting KO'd. Thor looks like an animal.
I saw the video Eddie's behaviour was disgusting and he is far from a real man acting like that  I have supported Hafthor from day 1 and I am now more than ever hopeful he puts the ego maniac in his place  You got this big man 👊
Thor after this fight research teh raw meat diet it has x5 faster healing than cooked meat the illuminati keeps this diet a secret since ancient times because its too health giving now they invent stuff like protein and fat are bad for us, all lies. If you need a name reserach Aajonus Vonderplanitz he revolutionized nugtriotion discovering 200+ year lifespan and proves all diseases are a hoax and can be reversed easily he had a 98% reversal rating on his clients who took on his diet and had serious cancers based on thousands everything weve been taught is a lie
Looks like low-class Eddie's purse is already spoken for and then some.
He’s getting smashed 😂😂 come on the Beast 👊👊🥊🥊
Thor, one thing i am worried about is when u are jabbing towards over your head and not lower then your shoulders? because eddie is not 7.1ft so it would be better to get used to jab lower??? and u are also sparring someone that is as high as you which could be a problem for when u are fighting a 5,4ft person. I really hope you win, i had respect for eddie before, but after what he has said and done i lost that respect.
Your discipline in holding your guard up during combos is what will win you this fight. Fucking excellent.
Seen the video and Edd is bang out of order, no need to act like a kid when your fighting the man in a few days ? Stupidity at its finest
Sem islendur get ég ekki beðið eftir sjá þig rotaðann = as an Icelander i can't wait to see you get knocked out , stiff and slow with not great cardio (atleast compared to Eddie)  He punches 2x harder then you and is much faster , you looked like shit your previous fights where they were taking it extra easy on you.
Thor about to lossee
He’s trying too hard to force Thor to make a mistake because he knows he has no chance against him. We’ll enjoy it so much when we see his knocked out face. Let’s go Thor!!!
Thor you got this. I admire your dedication and professionalism. Lets go!
You just can’t stop defaming Hall. Now you are scared that he might mess with your food? Basically distrusting your whole entourage? All this defamation tactics won’t mask the fact that’s It’s difficult to move as slow as you do, even on purpose. You are a very slow moving target. Hall is much faster than you. I think that you won’t make it to the end of the first round. In boxing the slower moving man always loses. You have no chance to hit Hall even once. And Hall will hit you often. Regarding you two guys, it’s not even close.Have fun. I hope he is not too angry. Because no one can protect you in the ring. Good luck.
wise words chosen at the end
I would like the Thor of today to win against the Eddie of today. But I would have liked the 2017 Eddie to beat the 2017 Thor. It seems like their personalities changed a fair bit since, just in my opinion.
I am heavily on Thor's side, who wouldn't be
Thor has the sportsmanship of a 5 year old, he will get his ass beat
The amount of disrespect hafthor showed eddie in 2017 and since then has been ridiculous yet he says he doesn't trust Eddie and his team 🤣 I respect both guys for both their work ethics and commitment not only to this fight but strongman as well. What next though is hafthor gonna have to question the referee if he loses. This is all because he questioned the officials decision after double dipping and you're all acting like eddie is the bad guy. It was an even contest just like how the fight is going to be quite fair for various reasons. Yes I'm wanting eddie to win but whether eddie or hafthor wins I'll still respect both of them the rest of you need to stop fangirling over it all cause most of you know fuck all about strongman or boxing anyway.
It's easy to forget just how tall Thor's dad is, since we typically see him next to his monster of a son, but this video put that height in perspective!
There is a reason why 80% of Eddie's viewers are not subscribed 😂 Disgusting
i can already see you KO eddie
Written form haha
Hopefully Eddie and Thor can make up after this fight.
Best of luck to you
Thor, you are quite an inspiration. Your transformation and dedication to this fight have been amazing. Best of luck on the fight Saturday
Favorite youtuber to watch
Is the person injured okay??
I am British and used to be a massive fan of you both but how Eddie has been over all this and the build up has been nothing short of childish really in the end I got fed up of hearing it and unfollowed him…. Best of luck sat 👊
Give Eddie the mike tyson finisher !
You spat in Eddie's face when you diminished his WSM '17 win. You called him a "fat pig" at the boxing gym. If you're goal was to get Eddie fired up for this fight, well big man, you succeeded...
I watched Eddies re-run of what happened in 2017 WSM and I noticed that Eddie himself double dipped on lifts 14 and 15 of the viking press, maybe I am wrong but it looked like that to me, I still think you were a jerk for what you said but in fairness Eddie made mistakes on the event also.
Thor’s got much faster 👊🏻👊🏻💥💥💥💥💥💥
Knock his block off Thor!!! I'm looking forward to Eddie in the horizontal position on the floor with you towering over him!
Eddie’s really bad at sticking to a plan, that’s why he bailed on the fight when it was supposed to happen the first time and why he tried to start a fight before it was supposed to happen the second time
I hope Eddie wins, but I don't see that happening. Eddie has the punching power, but his technique isn't as good, and he drops his guard a lot. My prediction is Thor keeps him away with jabs, Eddie blows up, gets pummeled, and Thor wins with a referee stoppage of the fight.
Thor for the win. Bro go and do your thing. Emotions are running high, but that’s when mistakes are easily made. Stick to the plan and when it’s all said and done, eat a 🎂 with your opponents name on it
Thor when you touch gloves you should just say 501 and blow Eddie a kiss. This will send him off the deep end.
I hope youre not over training the last week
You will not win without the power of schonkig. I can lift 10kg dumbbell. Real steel.
Hafthor you’re a real sportsman..  no doubt you’ll come out the winner..
It's all a set up to build hype... boxing is as much about the performance as it is about the fight
If Eddie severely injured someone in that little showdown yesterday, shame on him. That’s brutal
Eddie is a punk.  Looking forward to you knocking him out.
What Eddie did seems normal amongst fighters it happens all the time. Its just the kinda thing that hypes up the spectators and let's us know that the fight is going to be worth it. Don't be such a tatty baby about it lol. To solem talk some shit lol
Wonder who Eddie severely injured?
The smaller ones are usually the loudest. Don't let him get to you bro
Can't wait to see you get laid out cold on Saturday thor lol
Poor promoting tactics on the owner
Thor just a heads up, I would make sure you insist on a thorough glove inspection on the night. That’s what I would be most worried about, Eddie messing with the gloves
is that guy in the orange shirt the guy that gave eddie the concusion?
molasses
I'm 50 /50with both of you think your both great do like eddie to but the spitting pushed it to far tbf he shouldn't of done that
Thor Eddie Hall is going to seperate you from your conciousness . Night Night 🌃 little Thor . Eddie Is The True Alpha of the two not Thor
Hey Thor kick that subscriber Charities Thief the nuts after you knock him out
Thor You going to make Eddie Humble again and stop his bullying once and for all
No matter what I'm nervous about in the future, I can always say to myself "at least I don't have to fight Thor" haha, I'm nervous for Eddie
The difference in the punches from thor on the pads is big, thor is a boxer it seems. I imagine the game plan is to box Eddie and let him gas out as he's full of emotion. Adrenaline saps the life out of a person so stay chilled in there.
THOR  Call Eddie out and tell him whoever loses must shave off their beard.
Lack of Discipline Hafthor is the way you acted at wsm 2017, no wonder Eddie is Pissed
Whats the spitting all about no need of that eddy just wait till the day of the fight going round there why the match is the day best man wins thats it you will have your chance and same to thor
I really want you two meatheads to be friends again after this fight. I'm team earth.
Good luck in the  fight
it looks like thor is going to win this easily
I watched that video, Hafthor. I loved the end bit when you literally just said...."GOODBYE EDDIE." That was calm & funny! At the same time. Good luck on Saturday, Thor. 👍🏻
the fact Eddie did this only gives Thor more of a chance at winning in the ring. Karma always strikes back. Look at Conor McGregor when he was shit talking at Khabib and Conor ended up losing miserably.
Comment for Thor! Like for Eddie Hall!
KO eddie 3rd round. whats your prediction
Those jabs got some power behind them!!!
Hope hall is charged with assault for injury’s to an gym employee,pathetic
eddie is a pos!! no one should spit on anyone!
Please knock him out Thor! You’d do us all a favor.
Why is Thor punching so high? Is he trying to punch a hole in the sky?
lets GOOO
That footage was a great promotion to pumped the audience. I don't understand why the owner cried about posting a clip that was going viral. It would've draw mass attention to watch the fight!
When you bump gloves before the fight, say "Sorry about 2017", just to mess with him.
Compare it what Putin is doing. THen even spitting on an enemy seems so trivial
Big fan of you Thor from 🇵🇬 Papua New Guinea
All seems too much like it was staged/set up. Both of you need to get a grip and have a reality check. So one finishes behind the other in a strength contest. It was a contest, that's what happens. Get over it, move on. I for one hope this circus act is scored a draw.
Good on you for apologizing for spitting BACK at eddie, and calling it nor one of your finer moments. Eddie should apologize more for his absolutely disgusting behavior. But knowing him, he wont and will probably blame you or your fans
Cmon Thor. Noone is going to mess with your food or drinks. Get over yourself.
Did he all but accuse the Hall team of maybe tainting his food and drink?
Man, I can't bieve I missed that video. Can't find it anywhere now.
This entire thing is a circus act
Bad blood is good before the fight because it generates way more interest, they should have promoted it more in my opinion, i'm sure you guys will shake hands after the fight, i hope so at least
Those punches on pads were legit really snappy.
Can’t believe he spat on you. That is just so low.
I don’t get how so many people Eddie has a chance in this fight. With luck he might get 1 good round, i find it very unlikely that he may get two rounds but some people are betting on him winning D:  I don’t see how. Hafthor’s speed, loseness, flexibility, foot movement, head movement and just everything involving mobility is so much superior than Eddie’s, I don’t think it’s an easy fight, but it’s certainly not a close one either.
I was disgusted in Eddie spitting at Thor! Best of luck to Thor I say
Hafthor will win on points🔥👍💪
Fight should of been in Vegas
Eddie FTW
Thors dad seems like a great person, thor sounds just like him.
Hello, are you interested in translating your videos into Arabic?
Wtf the first like lights up up , didn’t know that
Hello from Colombia Thor 💛💙❤️
I love björn
Never been this early
Wtf the first like lights up , never knew that
Thor is going to decapitate Eddie
Thor is gonna win
lol
first
