bill uses super potion before you even hit 😂 isnt it "outsped retroactive" super potion
I was just flicking through the list. Apparently I started watching this God knows when but never finished it?! 2 years later, time to finish it. 😂
thats name of his enemy anxiety thats hilarious
Snorlax is helping everybody out
Snorlax: the Chuck Norris of Pokémon
Snorlax is a complete Beefcake, even though he's all fat. lol Body Slam, Earthquake, Blizzard, Amnesia would've been my strat.
These videos are what my wife, my 3 month old daughter and I listen to when we’re going to bed, and they’re perfect. She never played Red or Blue, but now she knows a remarkable amount about both games.
if you wasted some pp of amensia in the forest you could have beat onix with struggle after rest depleted
0:49 to 0:55. Ugh! reminds me of this guy who was watching my stream once. We got into a discussion on Twitch about my Slowbro (gen 1). I was of the opinion that amnesia would buff it to God tier stats (since TobyBro did that before me and its part of this whole broken mechanic in gen 1). He said I didn't understand pokémon and it was because Slowbro already had high special.   (In the end though, Slowbro absolutely wrecked things. So I guess it doesn't matter)
J used so many amnesia that he forgot about a lot of things 😂
Snorlax was always a favorite in gen 1.
y not keep the xp you gain before dying? instead of reseting the game?
I love the evergreeness of these videos. Whenever I'm doing something I just pop ANY video and I'm always entertained
Ohhh take me down to celadon city, where the grass is green and the girls are pretty. Ohhh won't you please take my cuboneee
you should have given snorlax Psychic
Favorite Pokémon
Thunder wave can paralyse electric Pokémon
14:00 this isnt quite true. Only secondary status effects of attacks do not apply to pokemon of the same type. For example, body slam's secondary effect of paralysis cannot paralyze normal types. But somdthing like thunder wave, which is not a secondary effect, CAN paralyze electric types. Similarly, something like thunderbolt cannot paralyze electric types.
Gonna watch all these videos I decided
This should be redone
The fact that most of the enemy pokemon got a turn before you ko'd them probably accounts for the time discrepancy compared to the rest of the tier. All those attack animations add up.
You cloud also make a setup like this: Earthquake, rest, snore, ice beam. Amnesia is also good but you can just use rest when you're low and attacking with snore, it's too OP especially when your snorlax is lvl 100
Snorlax, the 'mon who carried me through my first ever Red run.   His surf was what bear the Elite Four when I had no idea how types etc worked.
love your gen 1 runs but the not saving...is it overconfidence really? i have always had so much anxiety of running out of batteries that i always compulsively save, even in the 3ds/switch era of Pokémon games
Starts with Amnesia but no special moves and you can’t even Badge Boost against Brock 🥲
My bet on the moveset is: Thunderbolt IceBeam Amnesia Earthquake Covers most mons except maybe Bruno’s Machamp but perhaps he teaches Psychic over IceBeam and then deletes it for Blizzard 🤔  - called the moveset! And I overestimated Bruno 😂
Love you videos! Sneaseal next!?
Until generation 2, Snorlax was the most-seen overworld sprite
19:15 I do this all the time bro 🤣😭
Imagine if you were a giant rock snake that is defeated by a panda bonking you with his head.
I'm just built different.
I just did this! Beat the game in 4:56 level 56!
Young Christopher Lee Helen Clark Christopher
Snore my man
I just noticed there are no attack animations, why?
12:00 - Why didn't you teach Thunderbolt instead of Rock Slide?
RIP JOHNNY HOCKEY
i love Snorlax so stop toking at Snorlax😑
BUT :D <3
Snorlax is the goat 🐐
WRT fire and ice, I personally think it makes sense that they should be super effective against each other.  Ice or snow will put out a fire even faster than water, but the fire in turn does destroy the ice.
Young Linda Lewis Deborah Johnson Eric
Thompson Margaret Harris David Jones Brenda
Why does amnesia give him a speed boost? What?
Lee Patricia Moore Edward Lewis Cynthia
Am I really gonna go on a binge watch again? You bet 😎
Why do you outspeed Gyarados by doing amnesias? I don't get it, amnesia is for special, not speed
7:04 im legimitately surprosed of your aearlier pun :ASD
Surely skill bash is better than body slam?
Anyone else find it disturbing that Bruno fights a 10 year old character shirtless while yelling about his "hoo hah" ??
its easy snorelax was one of the best
A "ton" of damage   heh, I get it.
"thankfully dewgong did the takedown rest strat" made me literally laugh out loud very good joke very good completely off hand humor
Its the Lizzo of Pokemon. Huge and grumpy... yet remarkably flexible.
snorlax is one of the best mons gen 1 and the best mon in gen 2 so yea
Tough to compete in a speedrun when you never outspeed.
This dude says time and time again that Rest is his favoriet move in the game and he doesn't use it on Snorlax   I will always watch all of your videos, but man, you are NOT a good or smart player.
"This has been the overconfidence run, but can you BLAINE me?" :^)
why did you not use struggle ageist brock?
Lance just ruined his whole day 😂
Snorlax always needs to know Psychic. Counters its only weakness to fighting, and its immunity Ghost types since they r all dual poison in this gen.
The Charizard super effective ice beam could be because he is a flying type.
Yes, Amnesia Snorlax is indeed very good, it even does well in competitive Pokemon so no badge boost glitches and whatnot, albeit as more of a bait and switch as his main setup is the Physical one, which is what opponents typically expect. With that said, Slowbro also has Amnesia, and a slightly better Special stat and access to nearly as many good moves as Snorlax. He's missing Thunderbolt for example but with only 3 attack moves available(Amnesia being the 4th) there are better options. Also STAB Psychic is better than STAB Body Slam Imho, in fact I don't think either setups should use Body Slam at all, their only Physical move should be Earthquake which they both have access to. So with Earthquake, Psychic and Icebeam/Blizzard, which is the best setup Imho, Slowbro has 1 STAB move while Snorlax has 0.
Have you done golem?
16:41 uhhh what? Blaine used a super potion when Growlithe has full health?
Snorlax ate every TM
Snorlax is what we call a “big boi” in the hood 😂
30:36 Going by your stats, Cloyster shouldn't be #5. Cloyster should be moved down to #8 or #9, because it has a higher level AND a slower time than #5 Mew, #6 Articuno, #7 Zapdos. Cloyster and Gyarados are a toss-up for #8 or #9.  Also, #14 Lapras should rank above #15 Tauros, since they finished at the same level, but Lapras was 19 minutes faster.  Also, #24 Hitmonchan should rank above #25 Beedrill, since Hitmonchan finished at a lower level AND 4 minutes faster.
"Can you blame me?" Yes, yes I can, because if you had saved, Snorlax would have had an even lower finish time.
I'm not really sure why you picked charmander for the rival. I know it's Gen 1 so snorlax doesn't have thick fat yet, but it just seems like having him fight blastoise in the end would have been the toughest fight.
Glad i subscribed i thought i was the only one still playing gen 1 😂
selfdestruct sure could be usefull
We came to very similar conclusions lol I did a Snorlax run myself today and thought "It's crazy to get rid of its STAB move...but it makes so much sense lol) I did slap Blizzard on it instead of Ice Beam towards the end impulsively because I was a bit nervous on the potential ranges (I switched out Body Slam long before you did and EQ was slightly disappointing at times lol) but ya...very similar.
Gyarados: How many times do I have to kill you?
30:21 Prof. Oak: "CHILL!" 😂 (Because you clearly were not chilling with your Snorlax.)
3025 until the end
But Thunder wave can paralyse an electric type. So what about types not affected by status moves of there type then?
Why can't you level up in the middle of a battle?
Wait, I didn't know moves couldn't status pokemon of the same type... but I know that Twineedle was the only non-poison type move that inflicted poison, and because of that it was able to poison... poison types 😮
You don’t remain humble at all when you’re doing well.
"Threats are a part of Pokemon. This Fat son of a bitch he comes after all of us champions!" - pokmon scott steiner
Right when you said your probably gonna look ahead to see how much time is left in the video I was Doing that ! Lol 😅😂
Pokemon snorlax version made canon
Aside from Tauros I was always curious about starting the game with an oh-so elusive *Pinsir* ...
I'm watching this for the 2nd time 😅
Hellooo guys, can u tell me how i can do the same run ? My question is how i can configurate my game, what emulator, what ROM etc.  Thank you <3
Ice beats dragons… that’s why
Snorlax is an obscenely powerful Pokémon.  I got to Victory Road at level 38 and I've been able to get to Agatha, who currently destroys me. Let's see how far I can get before having to level up...
I wonder... can try attack burn a fire type 💬🤔
Faster than it takes Snorlax to wake up from a nap.
What's the issue with leveling up during battle? Tried searching about it and can't find anything about it. I assume it's some gen 1 bug.
Almost seems like he’s intentionally playing bad to pad out this run, either way it’s annoying.
I love runs with robust move pools. Aerodactyl was powerful but extremely restrictive. Had to come back to this one to clear my palate.
new to the channel but like many others, grew up playing this game. fantastic stuff seeing these runs.  im sure this has been mentioned before but was curious if youre playing these on an emulator and what you are doing/how you are running a gameshark (if it is an emulator) to pick your starter?  thanks in advance to anyone who can help
Snorlax is amazing with Earthquake. You got me playing Gen 1 again and I taught it Earthquake for the first time lol
"Snorlax, what would you say is the key to your success?" "Basically, am very larg"
Fuck if JROSE doesn’t produce high quality content, it’s been about a year and boy have i slept better with this childhoodesque videos.  I know it’s an old one but I can never express enough the value this series has brought to my life.
The takedown rest strat ☠️
you could have just ran your pp down against onix and used struggle
I was hoping a video like this would exist.  I'm still going to watch it, but I'm less than a minute in and I'm hearing you say how the move pool gets complicated because "which are the best moves to use".  Why don't you capture the 2 wild Snorlax's you encounter in the game, and divide the huge move pool between the 3?  It's 3 Pokemon in quantity, it's 1 Pokemon by name.  Looking at the title just now, I see it says "a" Snorlax. I would disregard it just because of how epic it is and the opportunity for two more!
Snorlax is the best
Easy challenge 😂 Snorlax has insane defense
Yeah this is why I HATE critical hits, I think I'd prefer a game without them honestly
Setting up in front of Gyarados is called tanking.
Sleepy boi, spoon boi and ghosty boi. Best bois
Hypno and cloyster up there with the gods.
Electric is so good. I used to fight the elite 4 with just a single legendary. With all of them separately. And I've found that zapdos on average did better for me. Other then mewtwo. I think I lost once with mewtwo out of like 20 runs. But zapdos did the best with the birds. For me and how I set up his moves.
On ice into water   If they’re being literal water ice yes.  But if it’s general cold….which fun fact, science cannot measure cold, only heat or absence of heat.  So if they’re going for general cold, you can have dry ice, and  you can freeze any substance.
Why didn't you try Rock Slide on Rival Fivel's Gyarados or Charizard puzzles me
14:37 "this is the only ground move snorlax can learn"  *sad fissure noises*
I really like to listen to your runs it's like an audio strategy guide but the thing is i never done a run but this is making me consider tbh.
I think you could have beat Brock earlier if you only had a couple rests and only the amnesia needed for the rest turns. For example, bring 3 rest and 6 amnesia. Keep 1 rest and 2 amnesia for when you run out of headbutt, wake up and struggle until you win Maybe as low as level 9 but most likely at level 10
im finally awake, confused and almost defeated- me 8 days a week lately lol
Will you do a Missingno. playthrough aswell?
Why not rock slide for gyarados and charizard?
Do chansey with hp ups and bide
Snorlax is bestest buddy, such a beeg beeg buddy!
Playing catchup lol takes a hot min 3-4years of xd challenge runs xd binge time
Commentus Maximus
Love to see it as always jrose I know you've done every thing in existence pretty much
Youtube autoplayed macho man by village people after this video. 😂
3 things for the Snorlax run. (1)Snorlax learns Body Slam via level up so you could have held Body Slam in case you wanted to retach it later. (2)I would have made Snorlax forget Rest after Koga, Sabrina, & having to do the Team Rockets in Saffron. (3)You can thaw out Snorlax in Generation 1 via Full Restore or Full Heal. Just not with Rest.
if you switch up like this i'll never watch you again.
I’m curious why you got rid of Rest early. When going in underleveled, it can certainly help to heal when necessary, especially for a tank.
I totally agree that it makes sense for ice to be neutral to fire. I also think ice should resist grass
Rock slide would've decimated Rival 5s Charizard, but still a victory
If ice hits fire it will directly evaporate and not go through its liquid phase. So it does indeed make sense for ice to not be effective against fire. Although you could bring the same argument for water, so whatever
My kid has one question, and she said, "Why is it possible to make it blue 🤔
Jrose my boy
Can you beat pokemon red  with only rage as an attacking move? Use whatever pokemon and status moves you want but you can only damage with rage.
Would rest have been better and you drop earthquake? +6 ice beam probably does more than earthquake even against gengar
Okay why did blaine use two seperate full health super potions in one battle?
I was playing SoulSilver last week and used snorlax 90% of the time. He can heal and tank really well. It was on emulator so he was one of my first 6.
Would Snorlax have really needed all those rare candies though? I'm pretty sure it could have pretty consistently gotten something like level 56.
When are we getting the channel mascot solo run?
Gotta use a slakoff in a run.
What is CHILL in the game menu?
It will never not bother me that you pronounce “Lorelei” wrong, it’s my actual name 🤣🤣  Lore-ah-lie
I would love to watch the battle with brock in real life. Imagine a snorlax just repeatedly banging his head into a bunch of rocks until it one of them faints.
2:04 why don't you just use all moves until one or both of you end up using struggle?
The speed of Snorlax killed its time, all the extra time from the opponent going first far more than alakazam and the others like it, still great run though.
I never played competitively. I have, though, played every Gen. I started at 8 years old in 1998 with pokemon blue. I have always loved snorlax, and because you can always get one in the first 4 Games I had a bunch of them with diff move sets. I remember having one that was literally a massive wall with like lovely kiss, rest, snore, curse. That one by himself could wipe an entire team because they literally couldn't kill him.
Cn someone please tell me how he plays these games at 4x speed? Like what platform does he use?
Why did you get rid of rest? That with amnesia is impossible to defeat.
@jrose11 Why did you keep rock slide for Mew but switched it with earthquake for snorlax?
Year of Jrose 👀
I honestly like this new format. 30 minute videos are a lot easier to finish than videos that are 1 hour or more
I'm surprised you've only don't 55 it feels like you've done almost all of the og 151
I literally paused the video and was like yep it should go here played it and you said exactly where I put it
Jrose11 >no embedded nordvpn spam >quality content >narrates well for those who like to listen >doesn’t beg us to like comment subscribe  >doesn’t try to sell us merch >doesn’t spam a patreon account  >no cursing so safe around kids >very entertaining and consistent runs  Is this the perfect YouTube channel? I think so
✝️🙏🏽❤️
Snorlax being god is alternate title
Should have grabbed psychic from saffron to beat Koga
Your rival is named anxiety? Mine too.
This channel takes me back to 6th grade it’s like a happy memories Time Machine
Snorlax is goated
Snorlax is the best
OAK: CHILL!  Wtf lol 🤣
@4:15 lol, what a great dozen seconds.
gotta change up the formula? If you want to go ahead but im in this for the long haul. The formula working is what i find so gosh darn neat.
Lol he named the rival anxiety.
I bet this guy has dreams where he is playing pokemon red.
Keep up that grind, dude. Love your stuff, Jrose
That went worse than I thought... Meanwhile Enemy in shambles after being decimated by a Snorlax
I really love it when you get a little cocky and forget to save :v
How was Ice Beam super effective against Charizard?
Before i even start the video, i assume its going to be a rough early game because snorlax's horrible defense stat is going to be a detriment to early game attacks.
Fire is strong against Ice because Fire changes Ices frozen state. Ice is not necessarily Water, any liquid or gas can be Ice.
finally taking some time to catch up on my jrose as i play through violet (already did scarlet) and ahhhhhhhhh feels good. love it.
Why thank you daddy jrose
Kind of a cheat to use a legendary Pokémon.
How come after hundreds of these… you still don’t save after a major battle? I don’t understand lol
fac ye
Snorlax is always a reliable mon for gen 1,2, and 3 competitve, nuzlockes, and any other run.
Why remove rest for bubblebeam? Why not remove headbutt for body slam?  Edit: the fight against fivel you kinda forgot you had rock slide didnt you? Against Gyarados and Charizard...
I'm playing pokemon blue right now I finally figured out how to capture mew legally in the beginning it's the craziest thing if u do 1 little thing wrong u have to restart the game in order to be able to capture her
Kangaskhan is up next for sure
And when the world needed him most, he returned
amnesia lax...i had the same overconfidence as you did. got him in my nuzlocke and i thought "im dominating the rest of this run". He knew:  amnesia thunderbolt body slam rest  dominated all through the game then, amnesia lax was met with a rivals alakazam psychic crit right before the elite four and ended my run
FUCK!!!!!! When Gyarados crit you with Hyper Beam I punched a fucking hole in my monitor.... I'm so mad.
The A-tier is approximately the "under 3:30 tier" and the B-tier is approximately the "4 hours but still good tier." Snorlax is sorta in the middle of these two by statistics, so bottom of the A-tier makes sense given its narrow exclusion otherwise.
Snorlax has ALWAYS been one of my fav pokemon
Thanks for beating Anxiety Jrose!
"WIll this be a first try victory?"  Checks video timer
MR. MIME next please !
I think instead of making us watch a second video and curtailing the run, you should upload a 2 hour video with a 30-minute 'run' and 1.5 hours of the entire speedrun at 3x speed. That'd throw us :P
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG
My big boy
LONG AWAITED
Jrose wrapping up the run mentioning how stressful the end was and Oak barging in right after to say CHILL! was a highlight for me
Youtube Algorithm
My jaw actually dropped at the first Lance fight omg
We don’t talk about Bruno
“I’m finally awake, confused and almost defeated.”  Bro, same.
May have already been suggested, but I think it would be funny to have the “how much time is left in the video” trick thwarted by instead having a really long end card where you chat about channel stuff, or else just put like, a 7 minute long video of a cat sleeping after beating the elite 4.
18:17 But can you BLAINE me?
If Koffing and Weezing float, how does earthquake hit them?
MR. mime please
Man, those unfortunate crits and your hurbis got to you a few times. Definitely save more often, even if you think a battle should be a breeze. Also, in your early attempts at Brock, when you ran out of Headbutts, could you maybe have used up all the PP for Amnesia and Rest, and then finished off Onix with Struggle?
Excited for the month of Jrose!!! I love the idea of switching things up this month, please have fun with this & do what's interesting for you with this opportunity!
18:14 "Can you Blane me?"  Yes
Do Nidoking next
Snorlax's poor speed got annoying in my normal type run. But with amnesia, I actually made short work of a lot of trainers.
Currently in Africa for work. Always look forward to these videos.
Snorlax shouldn't be punished for its ending level if you never had to grind to level up anywhere. It's ending level is just what its exp group and rare candies put it at, but it might've been able to beat the elite 4 at a few levels lower (5?) if you let it try
Kabutops should be great in a solo run
Can someone tell me what the background music is please?
I think it honestly could be ranked higher.  You noted yourself a handful of misplays with Lax this run and really could've been a 1st try win. So you could shace +/- 8 minutes off for having to go through the E4 again and battle Giovanni twice.
The run featuring my best boi and favorite Pokemon..been waiting a long time for this one. Saved this just for the train ride to work. 😊😊😊
Wait, 2 videos in a single day? I missed this one because of the newer one.
Snorlax being slow and you having to sit through enemy text prompts really hurt him in the end from a time standpoint.
I'd pay good money to watch you do a run of Blue Kaizo! Thank you so much for the great content JRose!
To this day gen1 Rage remains my favorite move. Nothing beats peace of mind , that i will knock out next 20 traines while spending 1pp for each. Godsend on Onix. S tier on Kingler Scyther Pinsir.
My head cannon as to why snorlax can learn so many tms is that it is hungry and just eats them. Why else would they disappear after use?
can you do please Poliwrath?
I dunno why I was so excited by the Brock fight haha. It just seemed quite technical for this stage in the game. I thought you could have done that at lvl 9/10 before you went back for attempt 3 if you'd burned out the amnesia and rest and went to struggle? Maybe a close call but I think it looked possible
Snorlax is my favorite Pokemon! Loved him since gen 1 and didn't even know Snorlax was such a killer in the competitive scene.
I use to have a “utube” channel 14 years ago starting with snorlaxfan.. then it turned to munchlax fan 😎
Finally!!
The month of JRose11 awesome!
Lt surge will only have a dingy after this month
Snorlax is amazing for sure. That being said, Lance was all like, "This is what you get for underestimating me! No first-try victory for you!" lol
I recently have a newfound respect for Normal type Pokémon because they only have 1 weakness and the fact that they're extremely versatile in the techniques they can use.
Please do Nidoking. It's the world record run pokemon for a reason.
Due to Pokemon being in different level up groups, I think it would be fairer to show total EXP instead of level in the tier list
#49 on trending!
Would love to see a speed run with you building whatever team you want. Minimum battles, as low a level as your team can manage. You can build a full team of 6 and evolve. Curious to see your top picks/moveset for a team in Gen 1.
Yo fuckin Snorlax owns in this movie he can hold 10 Pokémon
google = 🗑
Ah my spirit pokemon. finally! LETS GO SNORLAX!!!! WOOOO
It's apt that Snorlax has the worst time in A tier. Speed is its weakest stat.
You would put Surge in command of a CRUISE SHIP?! I'd hesitate to put him in charge of its janitorial staff.  You've seen how he uses garbage cans.
time isnt everything jrose. Snorlax had a high time because of its very low speed not because it was hard to win. it only really lost once after brock excluding the times you messed up.
Snorlax has water gun and bubblebeam?
yayyy month of jrose!!!
I’m shocked Misty’s AI was advanced enough to switch to tackle after amnesia
I always had a Snorlax in my roster. It's OP.
Finally, Snorlax. Now to wait for Machamp....
Hey Jrose! Greetings from Portugal! Another awsome run man, congrats! You know, I've watched every one of your gen1 solo runs since the beginning of the pandemic and today I've had a devilish idea. You know how you say they are solo runs but need a few extra pokemon for the HM moves?  Well how about a gen1 run where you can only use one pokemon? No HM slaves? I know of at least one pokemon you could try a run with!  Best of luck! 😈😂
The fact that Snorlax can learn Self-Destruct is just hilarious.
Jrose, quick question: why did you choose charizard as opponent? I think is the easiest, blastoise has more bulk while venusaur could bypass amnesia with razor leaf. Also, you could have gone for rock slide to take charizard down faster in the 4th/5th rival challenge, definitely faster than ice beam
i did this before you for fun, not that challanging
When the entire video is the same length as some pokemons elite four runs, you know things went pretty decent
Snorlax can learn psychic in yellow, can it not in R/B?
love gen1, awesome video :D
Bolt/beam Snorlax. Nice.
Anyone else finding themselves constantly refreshing their Youtube home page to see when the next vid is gonna be released? lol I certainly am!
You should do a is it possible to beat Pokemon emerald with just a Magcargo,  I think it would be pretty challenging considering that the last gym and also the champion are water types, and Magcargo is super slow...
your narration is first class!
Geovoni number 3...  You mean 3ovoni🤔
Iv been asking this - thank you! Now mudkip please!😊
Snorlax is LITERALLY the best Pokemon ever. I will not be taking questions. Thank you.
26:17 "I'm finally awake, confused and almost defeated". Sounds like me when my alarm goes off.
Every video theres so much I want to mention.   So much.  Badge Boost Glitch Resets on Level up Fire Doesn't Resist Ice
Why did he allow the rival to chose Charmander? 🤔 He never validate his reasoning.
i dont think ice being weak to water is counterintuitive, or would you survive when your agregate state changes because ur being melted
Comment
Make videos with soulsilver or heartgold way better, because red and blue getting old and boring
It would have taken a while but I would have at least tried to Rest in the first battle against brock. Since he's the brick wall even if it took 5 minutes if you squeezed out a victory you could have breezed through to Misty, plus Amnesia would let you skip bide
I loved Snorlax in first and second generation, was a total tank.
I’m still baffled that JRose hasn’t demoted Surge to… well, Suburban Military LARPer Surge yet.
The reason why the Champion's Pidgeot knows Whirlwind is simple, the AI Pokemon in Gen 1 just have movesets according to natural level up, they don't keep any specific moves and just override some moves when the next becomes available.
Jrose single-handedly defeating anxiety what a guy
19:10  lmao you got me
Mew should be above Cloyster
yooooo jrose you're trending broooo 💪😁
Finally
Snorlax is the OG 🤟
I think I would have held on to rest. With that much hp getting it all back + healing status effects for only two turns to sleep is quite worth it imo. Also you need to visit the poké centre less.
Against Brock with Snorlax lvl9 I think struggle would have been viable. Your concern with struggle is always the recoil, but Snorlax has a lot of hp and with rest you can start on a high note. Of course Onix's screech are annnoying. I think it could have been worth a try though.
I haven't watched yet but my prediction is that this run will be easy but still end up fairly slow because the other pokemon will move first so often that it'll add a bunch of time
You should keep the same format as long as you aren’t tired of it.
Fun fact: that whole "normal types can't be paralyzed by Body Slam" had major ripples in the competitive community. Among other things, it resulted in a metagame shift that caused Golem to drop from OU all the way to NU. (UU being dominated by good water types)   Chansey being unable to be paralyzed from Body slam led to it picking up Reflect to better deal with Tauros. Rhydon beats Chansey easier than Golem does by having 101 HP substitutes.
how does snorlax get rockslide but not the fossils ;-;
Great stuff! Snorlax a powerhouse! I cant wait till you start running with all the middle evolutions!
This run has been better than most of what you had. You didn't have to back track like most of the past speed runs you have had.
Love your Solo runs, thanks for keeping it up
The month of JROSE!  MY BODY IS READY!  Finally snorlax!!!!!
Damn brother. Just realized I wasn’t subscribed. Love the vids.
I'm so excited to finally see my favourite Pokemon in one of these runs! Keep up the good work :D
where is the origin video of rival fival? I can't even find it
The wholesome big chungus juggernaut of gen 1
Would you ever consider doing a run with hariyama? Wrong game, i know, but it's a pokemon I've always been interested in.
I was so expecting to see Harden get used; I don't know why I set myself up for such disappointment.
Woo hoo! Snorlax has arrived
I did Snorlax myself, and ended up at 3 hours, 52 minutes (game time) and finished at level 55
The Champion thought he was in Gen 2 and tried to phase out your setup with whirlwind
Still looking foward for the Tentacruel run. Do think it will be a positive surprise.
2:26 what about the damage rounding threshold? I thought damage output was only really noticeable on levels that end in 0, 3, 5, and 8.
Here's a fun fact Gyarados is not supposed to learn hydropump till level 41. You're a rival has it both in lavender Town and in Silph co. Your rival is a damn cheater. The only way to possibly have a Gyarados with hydropump at that level is you had to have hatched a Gyarados at level one
I love it!! Still waiting for the Magmar video, keep up the awesome work man!
I've been waiting for Snorlax
I see a Jrose11 Gen 1 video, I click like
Snorlax so OP that even Oak had to enter the room after the final fight, going: "CHILL!" 🤣
Prof Oak at the end: CHILL!
It’s finally happening!!!
This formula has yet to go stale, every solo gen 1 run is a good time
I haven't slept on this run!
For one of the easy runs, you need to sneak a second run into it to pad the time and create suspense with the viewer.
Been waiting for this!
Why did you give your rival charmander in this one? you basically have water moves and blizzard for the late game wouldnt squirtle have been more fair?
Ironically in my "Let's Go Pikachu with Red's team from HGSS" run from a few months ago Snorlax was my most useless member, until it came to Mewtwo when it was the only one in my crew able to tank a Psychic and spammed Body Slam to chip away through its Recovers while praying for paralysis procs. The whole fight was basically "imagine a giant bear sitting on a cat, forever".
I think it having the worst time in A tier is also due to the slow speed which means a lot of pokemon could get a turn in even if the turn didn't matter.
Defeating ANXIETY to become the CHAMPION..... Sa-tis-fy-ING!
If only Snorlax wasn't lazy and hit the gym, he'd be a goddamn monster.
I feel like this run you really didn't think through a lot of those turns, I think every single death was you taking unnecessary risk or using the wrong move, like earthquake after losing the badge boost or setting up amensia when you're going to one shot anyway and stuff like that. I mean it happens, but yeah honestly I think Snorlax is even better than it looks here
Great video as always. How about Lickitung next?
Thank you for making these... honestly really enjoying the series!
Jrose I don't really know how to describe the way your gen 1 videos make me return to the days I was a kid. This content is sooo god lad, keep it going!!
I loved this video! One of my favorites ever$ anxious for magoar and electabuzz
Snorlax is an absolute beast, it's gonna smoke this run.  Jrose11 loses 2 battles vs. Giovanni... Well y'know there are always surpri.... GIOVANNI!?!? 🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨
imagine snorlax in japanese red and green, where blizzard has a 30% freeze rate
There's something satisfying about Oak running into the battle between the two champions yelling "CHILL!"
I've got my fingers crossed for a Marrowak run during the month of Jrose There's a chance it'll be even worse than Onix
Badge boost stacking has to be the dumbest part of gen 1
So the best month has started
30:40 Just for reference when trying to build suspense here, we can see that Vaporeon has a rank of 11 and Gyarados, which is right above it, has a rank of 9, so we know where Snorlax will be slotted already
Hi I love your videos, although I have one nit pick :) . After a run, you could try to repeat it without rare candies or try to win with as little candies as possible. I believe Snorlax lvl could be at least a bit lower and it would still be easy run :)
Can you do a Sentret run on Pokémon gold?
How about an omanyte run? Or kabuto? 😂
What was she thinking lol
Amnesia, Ice Beam, Rest, Body Slam was my go to Snorlax set back in the day. So powerful and durable it's ridiculous.
Snorlax: You took everything from me Gyarados: *Crits*
Snorlax. One of the cutest Pokemon of Gen 1, and one of my favorite. :) Awesome run.
If a run ends up surprisingly short, you could also avoid video length spoilers by adding a half hour of a still screen at the end of the video. Some smash bros tourneys do that for their Grand Finals vods, and I find it super effective.
To be fair on that last one, I don't think that counts as overconfidence. It was a bad crit that started the match and Thunderbolt wouldn't have one shot without amnesia anyway.
Was just about to go to bed but not im losing more sleep
Snorlax is such a beast, and I can't imagine Pokémon without it
Glad we finally got some Kadabra bias.. Most of us know it's your favorite pokemon, it'd be nice to hear more quips of that.. Callbacks are always good
The 🐐 of Gen 1
I'm curious why Snorlax isn't placed below Persian and Vaporeon? I feel like it was overall worse just because of speed considering the level difference was minimum
Jrose why do you like Kadabra?
My doubt is: can you beat pokemon stadium2  with only rentals?
Legit said on a comment yesterday to show me Snorlax!!! Hahaha I am prophet! Now show me gen 2 espeaon!
Today, I have my first out of two practical/oral exams (tomorrow is the 2nd) for finishing med school in Germany. I had problems with sleeping but that video cheered me up.
Liked!
halfway thru the vid and we're NOT at the e4? pog
Yessssss. Month of jrose is here!
Snorlax wasn't caught napping, it was blitzing its way through
<3 i already love jrose month
That Lt. Surge insult was savage.
I'm waiting for the runs of my 2 favorite pokemons... Psyduck and Lickitung
it could have been lower level if didn't use all the rare candies, the level was overkill
you're not OU four generations in a row without being the best
I wanna see more minimum battles please!
Poliwrath next please
doing the smogon damage calc on the final charizard it had a 46% chance to one hit ko with a crit fire blast (this is assuming a charizard with 15 special dvs). but i guess the game could have also given you horrible rng where charizard just chooses to never miss a fire spin until you faint.
24:37  Jrose:  "I don't want to get too overconfident for a third time, but come on, what could happen?" Me:  "You could get crit by Hyper Beam." *gets crit by Hydro Pump* Me:  "Close enough."
If this question is dumb, i'm sorry. But why use Red/Blue pokemin instead of FireRed/LeafGreen? Aren't they from the same gen but with better graphics? I mean, wouldn't they be better to watch? Is it a nostalgia factor? don't mean to sound rude or anything, the white background kinda doesn't workout much for me (I still like to listen the process tho, been "watching" your videos for a while. Thanks, JRose).
Buff-Lax
Teaches rock slide, doesn’t use it against a fire/flying type 😐
one point five times
ಕನ್ನಡದವ್ರು ಯಾರಾದ್ರೂ ಇದೀರಾ???
Very surprised to see you ditch rest so early? Especially with the Amnesia setup potential.
Snorlax snooooooooore
You're god send to my anxiety I swear
I shudder at the thought of gen 2 drum lax absolutely massacring everything you point it at
Have you tried Kaizo? Harder than just using 1 pokemon. I can't even get passed the first gym
Overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer.
Yooo jrose month let’s go
SNORLAX!!!  This thing will be a beast in this run.
Man oh man back to back JRose uploads. And they're Fuecoco and Snorlax.  Christmas was a month early
13:48 Yeah that's actually true. I don't know much about the competitive scene for older generations, but RBY is an exception for me. Memory is a bit hazy, but the scene learned of Body Slam not paralyzing some time between 2010-2012. Even to this today a lot of RBY battles are done through emulation, which back then didn't have some unique quirks to the game (like not being able to heal at very specific numbers, they learned that years after Body Slam paralysis). Someone in the community was playing through a copy of Red or Blue and fought one of the Snorlaxes using Body Slam. The Snorlax knew Rest so it took a while to complete the battle, and the whole time it never got paralyzed. So the player attempted to emulate the scenario but found that Snorlax was getting paralyzed. So they essentially jailbreaked their game so that all normal types couldn't take damage and knew Body Slam. When they ran their tests, not once did a normal type get paralyzed. They showed their findings to the RBY scene, and not long after emulators were updated  Competitive RBY is a rollercoaster of updates, man. Even these past few months sleep-inducing moves (except for I think Rest) got banned in the lower tiers and that is shaking up everything. Fun time to be had, personally recommend trying it out.
So is it yet another gen 1 glitch or do you just keep mistaking the effects of Surge and Koga's badges? I could swear it's Surge's that increases speed I remember him saying something along the lines of it cranking up your pokemon's speed or am I just remembering wrong?
:)
Glad this is up, since I can't watch the fuecoco run cause spoilers
I love that you brought up looking at how much time is left bc I always try to never look
This is prime Jrose
I love month of jrose
Snorlax shouldnt be outspeeding anyone
I'm waiting for the random Gen 1 solo where Jrose just whips out Pokemon Green and pronounces every Pokemon, trainer, and move by their Japanese names
Thank you for the Snorlax run, but why did you not use Rock Slide against Charizard?
You know Snorlax can still Bubblebeam the Ghost type Pokemon in the Pokemon tower, right?
so, knock out the big 3 and do chansey next?
Love the fact Snorlax can shoot laser beams from its eyes
Awesome
Big boy solo run😂
Can't watch the Fuecoco run because I'm trying to avoid total spoilers before I get to play, but just want to wish you all the luck in the world surviving this challenge you've set for yourself. It's obvious you put a lot of work into these (both the gameplay and editting/commentary), and I hope you don't burn yourself on it.   But I appreciate the content :D
Jrose you have the most wholesome fanbase and I see why I love your videos
13:50 It's actually so that Fire/Poison/Ice-types can't get Burned/Poisoned/Frozen via secondary effects. Body Slam not paralyzing Normal-types is a side-effect, as well as offensive electric moves not paralyzing Electric-types.  Not sure if Bug-types are able to be poisoned via Twin Needle or not.
Gonna have to watch later but for my own amusement my guesses at a final moveset  Body Slam (Obviously) Amnesia (Only badge boost applicable move + helps coverage special moves)  2 of Earthquake (Deals with Agatha's ghosts and Good against Lorelei's ice types, Probably gets swapped out after Agatha if its used though, since the other moves would be more usful after that) Thunderbolt/Thunder (Anti Gyarados, Thunder if thunderbolt needs to get replaced for earthquake) Psychic (Generally great special coverage and good anti Agatha though may need an Amnesia boost)
Babe wake up new Jrose video
Finally....!! I love snorlax.! He has always been one of my go-tos always! He's so powerful and awesome.
So much Jrose content and its not even Christmas yet 🎉
A good way to trick the people who check the run time is spend a while talking after the end of the challenge.
Hey Jrose11, what do you think would be a bigger change to the tier list? If TMs were reusable or if Brock/Misty switched places in gym order.
Snorlax was so OP in red and blue, and even better in Gen 2 when holding a chests berry.
Your arrogance in Snorlax's power made you *weak.*   You relied on it, you coasted on it, you crippled your own ability to use him as a crutch.   There are no weak Pokemon, only weak trainers.   Nice vid, glad to see Snorlax's time to shine!
I do enjoy your challenge runs
It will probably suck. It's a normal type
On the second day of pokefest jrose gave to meeeee
All right like clockwork
Never stop making these videos.
Snorlax has one of the worst crit rates in gen 1. In generation 1, crit rate was tied directly to speed. It's why Persian, Tauros, Dugtrio almost always autocrit with slash. Fishing for crits with Snorlax is pretty bad.
Snorlax mostly gets KO'd due to bad luck and mistakes by JRose
Jeez, TWO moves to abuse the badge boost glitch just via LEVEL UP?! Holy moly!
GG
I would think ice isn't effective against fire because of speed.  Imagine an ice beam flying at a fire type melting as it travels through the air.  You can throw ice further and harder than water.
Why do you even bother getting the bike voucher? You don't need a bike for cycling road
Fun fact you can beat Brock at level 8 or 9 by using struggle strats. After you battle the Bug Catchers you can use up all your Amnesia and most of your rests and get by Onyx with struggle most of the time. After Brock minimum battles is very possible.
One of the reasons I like your runs so much is the fact you acknowledge your mistakes
2.23 level 54 is what I achieved with snorlax, I would give this another go, 3.39 is way too slow
I know jrose can kinda come across like his YouTube audience is annoying if you ever heard him talk about it on twitch. But seriously I am so suprised by the pretty slow growth of this channel. I just feel like the quality, quality and the obvious amount  of work he puts in.. he really deserves more subs. He's one of my personal favorites and it's frustrating not to see him get the respect and growth he deserves.. good luck jrose.. rooting for you to hit that 500k hopefully this run of videos really helps you achieve that.
Love the vids!!! Need Nidoking!!!!
Lt. Surge commanding a cruise ship?  That’s waaay too generous. He didn’t suddenly get promoted to Captain Surge!
I intentionally don't look at the time, just so it's a surprise what you actually get
Month of Jrose!
"Can you beat (game) with (really strong unit)?" What's the point of this? Snorlax is top 3 best Pokémon in the first two generations, what's even the challenge?
Cruise ship 😂😂😂
cruise ships are way way too big and complicated for Surge. I would have a hard time trusting him to command a row boat
Snorlax is a monster and my favorite Pokémon if he’s available is always on my team
Do 1 video with no voiceover commentary, old timey music and put your narration on title cards. Now that would be funny.
Are we gonna do all 151?!?!
Gonna be a great month
This is perfect I'm loving the upload marathon
I am subscribed jrose!
Grade A content again jrose.
its difficult to watch your videos now that a lot of other solo players put moves and stats on the sides of theirs. should think about improving your layout
If the heat source\fire is hot enough ice and snow will actually burn straight into air vapor without getting anything wet, so although the idea of ice melting to water so it should be strong against fire is technically not possible in alot of cases even though it seems like it should be.
Wooo woooooooooo Hype train  Haha take down rest strats.
Snorlax my boy, my lad, my chonkfreund, I believe in you
Please do not hide the video's true length.  I use the length to figure out if I have enough time to watch a video now or later.
Been waiting on snorlax for a while! Can't wait for a great Sunday evening watch!
hype
Did you try Snorlax at lower levels before using all the rare candies? It seems bad to compare it to pokemon that won at lower levels when you didn't give it a chance to match or exceed them.
Oooh yeah, another Jrose vid! I'm onboard, sign me up for some Snorlax!
Why'd you had to say "what could happen"
There’s a reason Snorlax is one of the Top 3 in RBY competitive
If surge becomes the commanding officer of a cruise ship, wouldn’t that make him a captain?    I just don’t want him earning any unearned promotions around here.
Loving all the content!!
25:30 Bruno Twono? Rival Fiveal wasn't enough, Jrose? I think you miss The Count.
It's because the ice type isn't just hurlling ice at someone it's the cold. Imagine Charizard flying in a blizzard. It wouldn't be as effected because it's fire type keeps it warmer, whereas a Pidgeot would probably freeze.
thanks for the video, I haven't gotten/started Violet, so I haven't watched the Fuecoco video- glad to have other content to tide me over
JRose uploads give me life
This came out at 283k subscribers. Going to be keeping tabs on it because you are going to blow up
Snorlax= possibly my favorite Normal Pokemon ever. 😄👍
Daily jrose videos for a month. A MONTH. Christmas came early this year it seems
I'm so excited for all your new videos dude !! Let's go
Hey JRose, thanks for remembering us hardcore red and blue watchers during your celebration of the newly released game.  You're a mensch.  Also, WOOOOOO SNORLAX!
I honestly don't get the tier list. Persian and Vaporeon were just better and it's like 'hey let's just toss Snorlax ahead of them' with no rhyme or reason.
Snorlax carried me my first play through 25 years ago.   Based on your rules is what I think will be the best starmie in near future?
4:01 I miss the Count impression. 😢
Snorlax was a beast in gen 1
I knew this  bad boy was coming. This thing with body slam could do my job better than I ever could.
Jrose has returned :)
7:45 "Remind yourself that overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer."
Bruh the AI in gen 1 is crazy! Another great video!
Team "Avoid Looking at the Video Time" where you at?
HELL YEAH JROSE HYPE TRAIN BAYBEEEE
YES! I was waiting for over a year for the Pokemon battle tank. Just like a real tank it is hard to use and mistakes are costly.
I know caterpie is impossible but are you considering butterfree anytime soon? I used to "solorun" it as an 8 year old, just confusion or sleep powder
Snorlax is my more relatable pokemon, as no matter how much I eat or sleep, it's never enough
Finally. An episode starring.. ME!
Sweet snorlax aways in my party
Set up has its issues, try to compare with a body slam eq rest set?
Finally snorlax! Ive been waiting so long. Going to enjoy this like a fine wine 🍷
Moving 2nd all the time is always going to cause time loss just from each opponent making their move. Then add the status on it and it can quickly add up.
jrose, when you gonna collab with scotts thoughts?
Magmar or electabuzz run??
And The Big Three is complete.
Are you really going to let Lieutenant Surge command a Cruise Ship? That's a specialized job, and he's just a lieutenant.
YESSSSSSS
Nidoking! Do Nidoking!
Been worried been a while since a jrose
That background music that started when you fought Koga was a jam.
I'm so excited for jrose11 month ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
I think it’s funny this month of Jrose, at which you’re working your hardest, starts with the laziest Pokémon
0:45 Jrose gaslighting the audience lol
Next challenge the 1 the only Missigno
You have no idea how much I love these videos. Thanks Jrose! ❤
Nice, I did snorlax for my first solo run and it went about as well
Not surprised how great Snorlax is, so excited for the month of Jrose! Keep up the great work 😃
Please Jrose pronounce rattata the right way. Ruh-ta-tah  There's 2 T's rat ta ta not ra tata
21:00 to me, there should be counter elements which deal and take more damage from the other one, like fire and ice, or ghost and psychic. maybe dragon and fairy as well.
Which emulator are you using?
I think Jrose might need to get in to the habit of saving after key fights.
Oh boy, as if i didn't have enough reasons to look forward to this month
In third Gen could static paralyze an electric type upon contact?
‘Bruno twono’ is gunna have to be a new rival fival
how much gen 1 has left? I would love to see the tier list complete with all 151
Great run! And I'm fascinated you published a Scarlet video already yesterday! It is saved to my watch list, but I will watch it only after beating the Elite 4 myself in Scarlet :)
So does this mean we're FINALLY getting that Starmie run!? 🙏
In my first ever pkmn save file I would destroy everything with my amnesia and 3 special TM's set
30:40 to be fair to Snorlax, it could've probably done it at a couple lower levels
One of the rules, "Set Mode" at least to me seems redundant since there is only one pokemon you use to fight. Is it intentional irony?
I got a run idea how about a all roll out team and name them after transformers
Lesgoooooo
Please try more nuzlockes. I really enjoyed your first one
BLUMPY
The pokemon king on land. The heaviest and the biggest. Always the King of Pokemon!
Excited for the run! Snorlax is maybe the strongest outside of mewtwo in gen 1
I love u bro nohomo
AMAZING
7:33 for anyone wondering why it can't paralyze, in the gen 1 games the way secondary status effects (like body slam's para, or lick's para, ice beam's freeze, etc) work is that the game first does a check to see if the target pokemon is the same type as the move, and if so then the secondary effect will never apply. For moves like Lick and Ice Beam, it works as intended, making Ghost types unable to be paralyzed by Lick, and Ice types unable to be frozen by Ice Beam (or any other ice move). However In the case of Body Slam, it becomes unable to paralyze any normal type pokemon. Just another one of the many oversights in the gen 1 games  EDIT: oh he explains it a couple of minutes later... thats on me he didn't explain it right after so I assumed he forgot to mention it
broke: rival fival woke: B R U N O T W O N O
Yes the snorlax run!!!!!
Snorlax? 30 Minutes? Lets go.
20:45 Jrose paraphrased: Use Icebeam vs Charizard; dont know why it work! Me: Charizard is also a FLYING type, my dude!
the amnesia at 27:00 was actually a good thing, it allowed golbat to remove the confusion
You did much better than me on Brock when I tried this run.  I ran out of Headbutt and then had to waste all my PP.  Ended up using Struggle…
i knew u were going to use 24 on snorlax ive done this, it made every party i had diverse.
I was just thinking 'I'm surprised we don't have a Snorlax run yet'.
Great run, knew Snorlax was great but not this great! For the next run, let's ask a tough question: Which Gen 1 Fire-type is worth using your Fire Stone on? You've done Eevee and Flareon, now how about Growlithe/Arcanine and Vulpix/Ninetales? As a massive Arcanine fan, I would like to know which is best
19:33 If Jrose wants to change up the formula he should make the 2nd part an unlisted video he links to right as the other video ends
Definitely agree with it's position here. Kudos on another run down
Jrose11: "Gen 1 did something kinda weird."  *multiple audience members gasp and faint in reaction to this shocking news* xD  Love the videos and I'm happy to see the month of Jrose in full swing!!
Wow, one of your best challenges I've s'en in a while. Keep going ! You have a great idea of a way to revisit the former gens.
Chunky boy, let’s go
You have inspired the biggest challenge and insanely fun run of a new game I've ever done. Thanks Jrose! LECHONK ONLY!!
Jrose 11 month!
Shocked to see you doing this today thought you would be doing a lot more of scarlet and violet solo runs gen 1 is king
The best thing so far is seeing "ANXIETY" tell "CHILL" to "Hey! Take it easy!"
@jrose11 have you ever heard of the ironMon challenge
Love this Pokémon, super psyched
you could title this one, "overconfidence: the fall of jrose".
Gonna quote my girlfriend here: “Snorlax is Bestlax”
Snorlax shoots hyper beams out of his eyes. That's why they're always closed.
My spirit animal!!!
Sorry couldnt watch the fuecoco vid didnt want any spoilers, cant wait to see it!!!
I chuckled seeing the rival's name. Anxiety is my rival, too.
Same type status is interesting. I imagine they wanted a simple way to avoid Poison pokemon getting poisoned or Fire types getting burned, and normally, no one would notice, but you did get occasional quirks like Twin Needle poisoning Poison types. Whoops.
The run we’ve all been waiting for is finally here!
Love ur content! Crystal is my preffered run for your challenges!
Nicknaming game on point with Bruno Twono.
I find it incredible that Nintendo was able to get a game with this much depth out of a device as limited as the Game Boy. Those Pokemon devs back in the day were absolute chads.
FINALLY.
Snorlax is my favorite Pokemon of any generation so I for one am super super happy to see my boy get some attention.
Yaaaaaaaaaaaay been waitin for this
Woo hoo, Snorlax is my favorite Pokémon. I am so excited for this!
Its easily doable BUT you still need moves that CAN hit Ghost types and by default it doesn't learn ANY via lv up moves even Hyper Beam's 2 turn delay attack won't hit them.
Jrose single-handedly defeating anxiety what a guy
The older I get the more I relate to snorlax.
These videos rock and are so relaxing, thanks so much.
Thanks for the Snorlax walk, I refuse to think he can run.
YES
It's about time 🙂
Yaaaay, been waiting for this one!!
Been waiting for this one. Real excited to see how the biggest boi does.
Confusion is a *volatile* condition because it will recover on its own over time or a switch, and can coexist with other ailments. Non-volatile are the ones that show up in your status bar and are, as the name suggests, more permanent.
I love this giant teddy bear😊   Don’t change the format jrose.  If it ain’t t broke, don’t fix it😊
So hype for a month of Jrose!!!
Imagine headbutting a rock monster to death.
Gonna have to wait till at least Christmas to watch the Fuecoco run (no spoilers), but I'm pumped to see one of my spirit Pokemon crush Kanto (literally and figuratively!)
Yes!!!!!!
Love Snorlax
I feel like that's a good rank for snorlax. I imagine it lost a lot of time just by being outsped by opponents.
I can’t believe that I didn’t notice you haven’t done as Snorlax run yet
Niiiice, always cool when u upload
How does leveling up during battles cause him not to outspeed the opponent? whenever he levels up during a battle, he gets upset about it
Finally get to see if my theory of amnesia and body slam for the Sabrina sweep is accurate
Seeing as how you don't use the bike for movement, why don't you just use the bike skip? Compared to skipping the entire game corner, it's a miniscule time save.
My favourite videos to just relax watch and get stuff done. Jrose you never disappoint
Remember only YOU can prevent lost save data, so make sure you save your game before anything crazy goes down.
24:36 that was the most sad end to a first Elite Four run I've seen in these runs
...Who else is hoping for Gen 5 Catch Em All, along with the Gen 4 spin-off and Gen 3 corrections video?
Finally you did snorlax
Yeheeesss! My bf loves Snorlax. Hes so happy <3
Wow, a relatively quick video for all these runs. Awesome! Snorlax got a Top 10 rating too even if it was just barely...not bad, not bad.~
Best thing about this video is I the first 2 minutes. Defensive, said the English way. Correct use of the English language. Well done jrose, well done
Big Chonka
This is the best thing I could have found getting off work. I’m so excited for snorlax.  You are a savior jrose
Yes sir...
I love to see new Gen 1 content, Jrose! I've watched every single one of these with my 9 year old son. I've also had quite a few going in my earbuds while welding at work. Thanks for the quality content you put out. My son and I are both anxiously awaiting a growlithe or arcanine run. Other creators have uploaded these runs but they lack that signature Jrose style that we've come to love... please tell me that at least one of these pokemon will be making an appearance during the month of videos?
Did you know in FRLG, if you use the itemfinder where the snorlaxes were laying, you'll find leftovers? Not you can find leftovers hidden on the ground if you know theyre there, you NEED to use the itemfinder, standing exactly where they stood to get those leftovers. Another thing about Snorlax in FRLG, is that they, along with the other legendary static encounters, do NOT respawn if you failed to catch them the first battle, no matter how many times you enter the hall of fame. So if you knock out Moltres, Mewtwo, or Snorlax in Pokémon fire red and leaf green, you're never getting those encoutners back. Theyre gone for good, just like in gen 1.
we had to watch Giovanni twice and NO count appearance❓ DISAPPOINTED. (but amazing as always❕) thats what i get fo expecting him every time you sweep.
Should try machamp
Somehow my Snorlax run finished at lv50. How are our levels so different?  My final move set was Surf, Amnesia, Rest, Ice Beam. Guessing I overwrote one or both of psychic and Earthquake during Elite 4 battle. My time was 3 36, which is only ten mins slower than my Lapras run, with fastest text enabled on the emulator, so seems quicker than it is, but it's not so slow that I just took forever with rest grind strategies. So weird.
Love the month of Jrose. Keep up the great work!
Gen 1 Lax couldn’t be touched NGL 🔥🔥🔥
31 minutes…. Ohhh this should be good!!!!
Ummmm charizard has a bug..... ice beam should've been neutral but whatever it's not like pokemon doesn't patch everybody up down the line. And this franchise almost went bankrupt.
Snorlax.
Cancel your plans for tonight. Jrose has uploaded.
I remember resetting at the elite four gates because I didn’t have Erika’s gym badge. Silly in hindsight, but I was a kid so whatever lol. Devastating when I got back to her gym and realized that’s what I was missing. From that moment I never forgot lol.
The chairs at 6:26 look like little mushrooms.
Snorlax is the best Pokémon in gen 2 OU, and one of the top 3 Pokémon in Gen  2 UBERS.
You should make like a short vlog or something and tack it on the end of the video to mix people up with the video length... And give us a Jrose vlog. It would be a two for one!
I love this channel so much!
Dang! Huge Vaporeon lover here. Was really hoping Vaporeon would outrank Snorlax
Hoping to see a Nido run at some point this month :D My fav duo
It’s funny just how Gen 1 that fight with Charizard was.
Always such a pleasure to see your vids pop up unexpectedly in the feed 😀
Another video tomorrow??? Jrose doesn't sleep, unlike Snorlax! 🤣😂
Snorlax is one of the best Pokemon for in-game playthroughs in almost every game you can get it in. Reliable combo of good bulk and power and a good movepool. Even if its not the competitive god it once was, at least that part holds true.
I think the idea of status immunities in gen I had more to do with poison Pokemon not being poisoned, fire Pokemon not being burned, and ice Pokemon not being frozen than it did with electric Pokemon being paralyzed.
Skipped the scarlet/violet video to avoid spoilers, but will definitely watch it eventually!
Games you played way too much? Not even enough for my liking (at least on video!) thanks as always for the great video, jay!
Love your gen one videos honnestly I'm so happy you annouced your one video a day for one month
I’ve been waiting for this one!!!! Go Jrose
Sweet!! Everyone’s been waiting for this!
I slept in today in preparation for this.
His name's not Snorlax it's Borlax
Voltorb solo run
Not that it matters but you probably could've gotten the onix at level 9 by burning though amnesia instead of rest first.
Perfectly timed for me to watch before bed! So excited for Jrose month!
JRose: "The only thing Lieutenant Surge is going to be able to command is a cruise ship!" Me: "So he'll get promoted to Captain?"
The Month of JRose!!! Way to make November not terrible, thank you <3
So happy to see a Pokemon Gen 1 run!  No offense to Scarlet fans, I hope you have a blast playing it. But I couldn't care less about it XD  I was worried this month was going to be all Scarlet/Violet from Jrose but this makes me happy :)
12:35 Can Gyarados flinch Snorlax with bite? Normal move against normal pokemon
Comment for the algo gods
Bruno Twono
Hey Jrose.   I just wanna say that you are killing it with all the videos
Been looking forward to this for so long.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Greatjob
@16:42 Blaine used a super potion on a fully healed growlithe
2 videos in 1 day wooo.
I remember playing versus in Pokemon let's go and Snorlax was the bane of my existence
THE BIG BOY HIMSELF!!
OMG OMG OMG SNORLAX IS FINALLY HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All I can say about this run: there is a reason that Snorlax is top 3, arguably top 2, possibly top 1 in competitive RBY. But that is also dependent on things like the meta game, everything being the same level, and some Gen 1 jank.
Snorlax is an absolute monster. I have fond memories of abusing the resttalk/curse moveset for competitive wifi battles. Literally one of the best Pokémon I've ever used.
The only exception to the Same Type Status Rule, is Psychic Types with Hypnosis
I'm so happy
Serious question… why not do these runs in Fire Red / Leaf Green? I imagine it would attract a wider audience 🤷‍♂️
everytime i am going to sleep.. i watch your videos. it is not a bad thing, i love pokemon and played since gen 1... everything is perfect..
finally got the big boi
woo month of jrose  had to skip the first vid for now so as to not be spoiled but excited for this run
Im so psyched for this month!
Fun fact: Snorlax had a 96% usage rate in gen 2 OU. For reference landorus-t has only 44% in gen 8 OU and still manages to be the most annoying pokemon
I have been waiting years for this one
Based on the video length it's around the same length as Gengar and Mew, which looks really good for Snorlax to get a good time. I'm expecting mid-top tier given it's bulky enough to tank a few blows and able to deal quite a bit of damage back making it very flexible/able to exploit the badge boost glitch more than most.
Ah! That's crazy! Can't wait to watch this run!! I'm really excited for the starmie run :)
Snorlax run, huh? I can see why it's only half an hour long, since Snorlax it's a monster. And that's considering it's a Gen 1 run. A Gen 2 one with this dude would be simply overkill
:D
Poor cruise ship waiter surge…he was having a decent few runs getting some wins
Let's hope it will him the time it took to ash's snorlax to eat a yearly supply of pokémon food (like 10 minutes or something)
25:52 It was either a speed tie or Hitmonchan went for counter, a reduced priority move. But this was a fantastic run!
I just picture Snorlax hitting his head on every Pokémon he fights in the beginning with Headbutt 😂
"Chill defeated Anxiety!"  If only it were that easy. :(
Rhyhorn bro don't forget it , keep it up man 🙏🏻
LET'S GOOO!!
FINALLY my favorite pokemon.  Lets see how Snorlax does! Thanks for the uploads Jrose; hope you are having a great day :)
I feel a lot of people are sleeping on this pokemon's potential.
I love snorlax
I fuckin' love me some Snorlax. And your stuff is always fantastic, I love listening to it while I work.
Snorlax? More like borlax. Anyone else remember that video?
Ahhh Snorlax. Didn't even think about it even though it's almost always apart of my team. Probably my favorite Normal type with Lickitung and Khangaskan
Lax the goat
"Awake, confused, and almost defeated"  That hit hard ;_;
HELL YES! Always wanted to see this run
brace yourselves for a big one!
Finally. The run
Excited for a whole month of JRose!
Very much liking the month of jrose so far.
I love the duality of gen 1. On one side, you have Snorlax getting almost every single good move in the game, both STAB and non-Stab, while on the other side, you have Aerodactyl with Fly, Wing Attack, and Sky Attack and NO rock type moves
Betting on the final moveset being Earthquake Amnesia Thunderbolt Ice Beam (I just started watching)
YESSSSSSSS
From Italy i really like your videos plus snorlax it was my man in the first 2 generation with heracross, Typhlosion and kadabra, continue like this.
Yea jrose gen1 videos!
Ive been waiting for a Snorlax run. Thank you so much. Great video as always.
BIG BOY!
Back to the best Pokemon games. Don't waste your time on the new garbage ones.
Finally, every single rby big three member has a run dedicated to it.
Before see Vid I feel Snorlax biggest concern be move pool other than that should go pretty well
Gotta hand it to Giovanni, he really stepped up his game for this run!
already new video :^) Jrose about to make moneys!  Good ad month Jrose! More fun for us! More money for you!
WOOO I'VE BEEN WAITNG FOR THIS! LET'S GO SNORLAX!
NEW UPLOAD LETS GOO
MY FAVE <3
Here we are watching a month of likely easy videos, presumably he stock pile-d a bunch of these ahead of time.
You saved my day with this video. Thank you 💖
Finally my beloved Snorlax <3
Yay a game that isn't 5 FPS 🙃
New Jrose11?  This is gonna be good...
Snorlax has always been my defensive anchor on my team in the games
hurray! I couldnt enjoy the last video very much, cause I never played that game, but good old red/blue; sign me up everyday!  great stuff brother :-)  also my prediction before watching the video: I think snorlax will land behind alakazam and gengar, but close and it will be a pretty smooth ride, after brock of course, since I assume snorlax does only know a normal move to start.
lets see how many comments you'll get about doing it in gen 2
this month is about to be lit between your videos and world cup. Love the vids
Its pronounced Lore Lie, not Lore Lee
The only reason I got through my first Gen1 Nuzlocke
I'll have to watch this later, but I just did a Yellow playthrough and chose to use Snorlax on a whim. I was startled by how powerful its ATK is!
FUCK yeah
Headbutt is gen1...?  It's waterfall over again
Sweet another Jrose! It's not even demember. Jrose, do you have a December Festive video planned? I know this is the  Usa Thanksgiving one.
Honestly buddy, you have no idea how happy it makes me to open youtube and see a fresh GEN 1 upload from you. Please keep up the great work.
Snorlax is the best
SNOOOOOORlax is going to be HUGE. A giant unstoppable beast!
Been looking forward to this one most of all, glad to see it
This is gonna be the greatest month ever!
Finally! Snorlax has always been my favorite Pokemon!
What a mad lad
I can believe nikocado avocado gets hos gen 1 challenge run in 30 mins
I have been waiting a very long time for this, my big, round friend.
Snorlax doesn't do anything fast surely!  But its move pool is one of the absolute best in RBY  Are there literally any others in RBY (aside from Mew) that get Blizzard, Thunderbolt, Earthquake and Psychic?  This will be an interesting watch though  Can we get a Doduo solo run soon please?  I feel the little two headed bird is neglected and overlooked
At the start of the video i predict a final moveset of boltbeam amnesia and body slam
Woo! I'm back, as promised! I know everyone was worried and also noticed
Yessss, finally a Snorlax Run!!!!!
THANKYOU!!!!!!! <3<3<3
The only type more broken than Psychic in Gen 1: Normal.
Yes! I'm excited for this 😍
Normal types were so OP in Gen 1.
Been waiting for this hope it's a good one. Top tier I expect
WOOOOOOOO FINALLY!!!!
Let’s go!
I'm surprised you haven't done it until now, interested to see how it's gonna go
In generation 2 he’s even BETTER
Been waiting for this video ngl. Good luck, my snory boy.
Best month of the year incoming
I dont know if this is possible but what about Missigno solo run?
Lessss goo
Hell yes, long live Jrose and his pokemon challenges!!!!
What a great video. I greatly enjoyed joke you made during the third gym it gets me every time 😂
best youtuber in the world ? i think so 🫡
I don't care about the huge move pool. Hyper beam sweeps are about to begin
And we get to my spirit animal, Snorlax... I reckon this is going to be a very interesting run.
And when they needed him most...
😴😴😴
mah boi is awesome isnt it?
Only reason youtube is quality - Jrose content
The virgin Fatty Vs his homeland of kanto
Yes!
Can we get the scraggy run for black and white plz
Yaaaay
YES THE SNORLAX RUN!!!
I’m so pumped for the month of videos!
No more scarlet and violet?
I thought this was gonna be a snoozefest, until I saw the video length.
Yay a new Jrose video
Snorlax11
Prewatch prediction: Snorlax does good
Just in time for bed, best poketuber by a mile!
The only thing I’d stop playing the new Pokémon for is to watch you play the old one!
Snorlax
Fuck to the YES
pog
Let's goooo!!!! Jrose11
Nice
Pretty fast
FINALLY THE SNORLAX RUN! Here we go!
😊👌
Pog
💯
hi
First?
Ah yes, this is going to be good surely?
