Maybe there was dodgy MTK betting going on?,🎯
Need to weight things up. This was a hard fight. His trainer helped him. He won. Let it go.
He ran through o hara Davies because Davies is an average boxer. He didnt run through prograis, that was a close fight.
Now Bens slithered his way into another ready made Champion in Devin Haney🤦 PT Davison is gonna ruin a lot of great potential in the boxing circles
Yes YB u nailed it again. JJ is a fighting man, not a man who fights on the back foot....   Nailed it 👊
Yes, he ran through domestic level opposition but when you move through the levels knockouts are much less frequent. It's not rocket science or anything to do with Davison
Sorry Mumford and sons Taylor has fought the best at 140...give me fucking peace, if you think he could have stopped him...watch what's coming
Fury didn’t get knocked out ? He got up
Dont understands what  he says before he says subbbscribee!
Mate it was the biggest fight of his life 😂😂 ur sitting judging his coach's bro relax 😂😂😂
the Ben daxihdson effect
So when did you begin your boxing career 😂😂🥊
It's very hard to comment. Mayweather was very aggressive in his early days, often getting caught. Mayweather Snr told him you gotta change your style or you won't have a long career.  Hence this is the mayweather everyone knows today, not alot remember the young guns blazing mayweather as you gotta go back to the Gatti, Corrales pre days.  But I agree, Davidson style is leaning towards the defence abit to much for me, especially if you can bang abit like Taylor. Needs a mix of both which is hard to find a trainer who can do that.  Kronk style seems to be the way to go, very aggressive but still defense in mind behind the long Jab.
Christ this angerlunder cannot talk!!
Whatch out for Lightning ⚡️ Lee Mcgregror 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland’s next World Champion 💯
I love when he says mashallah this young man is a future boxing and is absolutely right it has lost that killer instinct Josh Taylor YB he's only going to get better I think he's a youngest one out of all the boxing channels but got his own style and his own brand it does make me laugh who brings a lot of humour but the same time he knows what he's talking about I'm sorry I'm not a fanboy for boxes but happy to be a fanboy 4yb
Inside fightingness yes!
Kenny Bayless Was All In The Way
Ben safety first Davidson..
Under mcguigan ramirez would have been out of their 😴🥊
To the one who has ears to hear, let him hear this message   Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much as you can see from what’s going on in the world things have changed and you probably wonder at times if things will Ever go back to normal ?   the answer to that question is no. God is allowing you to see just how evil this world is and you’ve seen so much that should make you think and ask yourself is God speaking to me ? Is God warning me ? yes he is and God will judge this world but God is patient with you and with all Not wanting any to perish but all to be saved   Today and even now is time of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus Christ and accept Jesus as you’re Lord and Saviour doing so while understanding this fact that eternity is forever with no end And no such thing as time in eternity    God loves you so much God doesn’t force you to accept him but they are consequences for rejecting the forgiveness that God offers to you through Jesus who died for you as a sacrifice for you’re sins   God wants to forgive you and save you but you need to stop running away from God the bible says all have sinned and are guilty before God but loves us so much that he made a way for us to be saved   the judgement of God is near with all that’s happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes the vaccines it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you’re sins   receive the forgiveness of God in Christ Jesus today   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
He wants noooo parts of Crawford. That would be bad for his career.
that uppercut was the game changer Jose got complacent and didn't concentrate properly...boooom lol
Good God, please make Kenny Bayless out of commission when it's time for Pacquiao to fight Spence!   Please let another non-interfering Ref do the Pac v Spence fight.
https://youtu.be/3ydSUnbvLRM
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Man no jack shit
I dont like Ben Davisons approach tbf so I will gove you props there haha, thinks he can turn people into Mayweather 😂
Na man  What champions you made? Bens a good trainer man
The second knockdown was all on te ref!! Refs shout never touch boxers just say stop or brake he slapped Ramirez glove
Your mum should do you a favour and take your laptop off you. Save you from embarrassing yourself anymore.
Round 7 knockdown stupid Ref's fault    somebody needs to retire Kenny Bayless    Kept meddling with fighters wanting to fight,  acting like Floyd Mayweather is there asking for protection
Tru don
Crawford won't bring big money to the table. He's a great boxer but in the wrong camp (Top Rank). Maybe Josh can come to an agreement that he likes.
Totally agree about BD
Teofimo would smash the pair of them
Jack catterall will take taylor apart at the seams...
How is this 19 on trending
You chump
YB trending
U talk shit mate 👳‍♂️
Never seen your channel before and, I won't be watching again..... You're clueless 😐 🙄
I agree totally Taylor didn’t look the same I hope Davison doesn’t ruin him
I do agree with the Ben Davison stuff. He seems to train fighters to be too defensive. At some point in a 12 round fight you have to plant your feet and throw hard punches to atleast get your opponents respect, otherwise they will walk you down and give you problems. Don't take a fighters strengths away, just sharpen them and work on their weaknesses.
yip tot agree ben davis makes great fighters worse
I don't usually agree with you much.   But I do here. Ben Davison will be the downfall of Josh Taylor.
You upload videos to suit your own narrative, youve just said that Josh Taylor isn't the same fighter he used to be since changing trainers 😂he just knocked down Jose ramirez twice, it's not just a lack of knowledge you have it's a lack of respect not just to Ben davidson and taylor but to Ramirez, I've listened to you cover two fights and it's just pure hate that you spout
I love your channel with the jokes and rants but you becoming to critical about fighters putting their lives for entertainment even tho they getting paid cus I’m sure you won’t put yourself in that situation for entertainment and that’s why you not in the ring
87k views YB on his way. 🔥
He injured his hand so probably didnt want to engage much
Its very good opponent for Manny Pacquiao in 140lbs JT.
He even tried to catch him why knocking him down the 2nd time
mcguigans boyfriend reporting to duty.
where were the highlights? just you waffling your opinion which everyone is entitled to but clickbait title. Ran through Prograis? did you watch the last 2 rounds? JT was gassed out and getting hit. he won the fight for sure but he didn't walk it and he got caught plenty.
Boxing is subjective with styles from a fans point of view. There's those who prefer seeing a KO. There's those who prefer to see a Boxing show. Real, respectful Boxing fans love both where a way to win is key. You must hate Mayweather
josh Defense getting good...  he a problem at 140... can beat teo easily and after watching the fight teo knows it to
Needs to go back to Shane, Ben's out here telling JT to box on the back foot and take rounds off when Ramirez was clearly ready to go. Ben allowed Ramirez to get back into the fight.  Ben's style will lose you a fight in USA. His strategy is to win on the cards every time. This is why I say Wilder won the first fight.
Its the trooofff Harryyyy😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂
You do not know what you talkin about so that's the only strategy just get them out of there
True champion pride of Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 thought he would have finished him tho count abit long🤔 good point on Davidson 👍🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Boxing’s about stick and move. hit and not get hit. What would you be  saying if he went for the win and went all out and gets caught game over. You’ve got to play it careful.
Knocked him down twice, it’s the smart decision to box from then on.
Big difference between Ramirez and Ohara Davies😂😂😂
Crap commentary, dont give up the day job son!
100%
Obviously he ran through previous opponents they weren't at the level he's fought  in his last few fairly obvious that,  thanks for the video but you know shit about boxing
100% agree
How many times have you boxed?
the way this kid says " and subscribeeeeeee" makes me smile everytime
Te confiaste demasiado José y ahí está el precio de los errores, lo dejaste crecer y lo aprovecho el contrario
The game plan was to box ramirez at range which you can't blame them cos the guy is a dangerous puncher, Davison is a decent trainer but he can be a little too methodical at times, stoppages don't get you unification fights wins do... saying that I'm not sure if ben is the  right fit for josh I guess time will tell
Tbf fury only nearly got knocked out twice when he stood still and traded so its not a good example.
Not sure why this guy isn't a trainer himself making world champions....he seems to know everything there is to know about how to make great fighters. Taylor just became UNDISPUTED bro ffs. If you are so knowledgeable stop slagging off others and grow a pair and go do better than Davidson etc instead of getting on here and slagging off people with the minerals to actually do it. So NEGATIVE man
2 minutes and I can’t listen to any more, shut up you clown
Mate you literally just said mcguigan made him beat Ohara Davies, Ben Davison just unified with him 😭😭😂
WTF is this clown?! Get in ya basket
This guy is a Tyson Fury and a Ben Davidson hater. Plain and simple.
Boxercise Ben is gonna ruin our boy
Your spouting absolute nonsense
Fully agree... Ben wanting to elevate his coaching CV for sure
You have no idea what you're talking about. Clown.
JT should train under Freddie Roach!
♠️ spade is racism
this analysis only works if you agree with the judges
✊🕶  *yb*
Spot on YB to be honest I think progais beat josh Taylor.. slightly edged it
never heard such nonsense
Tyson fury got knocked out?? What a knob you are
Jesus I just wanted watch the highlights not some chopper moaning about trainers!!!
I e never heard so much shit spouted in one video!!!! Your comparing chalk with cheese, get him out of there Ramirez is a PUNCHER if you can win by boxing them box! Taking people out has nothing to do with greatness, WINNING does! How the fu k have you got a platform absolute clown of a boy!! Hahahaha
Ben Davis Takes Champs makes ruins them, makes them Worse. Well Said Man
I really hope josh will see the light 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
2 knockdowns a win and all the belts there is not 1 thing to be negative about
Trash video
I don’t really rate Ramirez he said! Look at record this YouTuber has he even been in a ring Ramirez is hard josh Taylor is hard too
You gotta be stupid to hire Ben Davidson as he's a total fraud!
Frampton was never the same fighter after leaving mcguigan
I disagree. A wise fighter has all those strings to his bow. What he learns from Davidson is stuff he won't learn from McGuigan. It's good to be able to adjust to any style situation, because it's all experience. Sometimes a fighter needs to learn when not to rush in and get caught being over eager to get a stoppage. Ramirez would always be dangerous right until the last bell..
Shush u muppet
This is a load of shite. Clueless.
Full fight ? Clickbait !!!
Totally agree.
Oh and Tyson came down from 500 pounds in the first wilder fight Tyson fury s father didn't want him fighting wilder so quickly IT was always gonna beat Ramirez the pograis fight was the undisputed and prograis Will be a hall of fame this video was terrible
Not true BoB Arun probably told him to take it easy and Davidson doesn't make fighters worst jt is under contract when jt gives up the belts Ramirez will be a champion again and Ramirez ducked the Ali trophy for a reason
THIS AINT NO HIGHLIGHTS JUST A LITTLE BOY WITH A SPEECH IMPEDIMENT WITH AN OPINION I HAVE NO INTEREST IN.
Good video without that mong narrating, he's clueless, clearly googled fights
But he won't thats all good
Anyone else find Kenny Bayless EXTREMELY annoying & interfering in there? It like he was looking to take a point off Taylor, particularly in the 7th. And the amount of time he gave Jose after the knockdown?? Wow! Regardless,  good win over Ramirez who was gutsy, and skilled, but he was looking at the ref to help him a LOT! And he was getting it!! Well done Josh though...
Never a good tactic boxing safe when you're away. You're right about Ben 🤔
I think you are wide of the mark here ... Josh stopped Ramirez, the counts were too long. Ref let Ramirez back in the fight. Josh boxed well and fought the right fight
You got it. The master tactician ben took 25% of Taylor's ability (aggression) out of the fight.
Boxercise Ben needs to believe in his fighters more. And yes he should've finished him off as without the two knockdowns he could've possibly lost or it been a draw. Happy for him though. There's a reason big John fury get Ben moved on.
Honestly your  videos are like a big black cloud of doom. A great win for a British fighter yet  you somehow manage to find the negative side. Disguising video
Ben Davidson not lost a fight in 6 years he’s added defence to his game and he going to Need it if he going to fight the lights of Lopez bud
Ohara Davies is fucking no we’re near Ramirez level you pasty hahahahah
Was that is 18th fight jeeezz  undisputed
He didn’t look as good because he’s fighting a quality opponent
Blame davidson for the win lol, try harder.
seems that taylor gave ramirez false confidence as taylor --and then planted his feet correctly and pow!
That's what i predicted .the speed and power of taylor is overwhelming.
Totally agree. Ben is a PE teacher!
You have nailed it mate. Ben Davidson is the most arrogant prick in boxing and makes champions worse.
I don’t c e here to hear some numpty
Comparing taylor in this fight to his old fights is like comparing Joshua's first fights... there's levels. You don't know what your talking about
I cant hear you pronounce your words
A management contract with the Mcguigans is like a pair of trousers with holes in the pockets.
😁😁https://youtu.be/ckRV14P4Oy8
Yb pushing his hate again.
Get off YouTube and become a trainer lad🙄
This man don’t know boxing
You definitely don't like ben do ya 😂
Granted but he knew wat he was fighting for. any fighter can b dangerous. HISTORY
Dont talk stupid ! Ramirez is an extremely strong, tough guy, give him respect. Taylor is the one in the ring, Taylor is feeling Ramirez power. Taylor got the win and did the right thing in my view. Remember it was a unanimous decision in the USA.
Another key point i forgot to mention was JT intiating the clinch.. TTT is the BEST inside fighter in the world RN but didnt want to show it. he was CLINGING on after every punch? since when does JT do this? this is TYPICAL ben davidson DEVOLUTION 101. JT is an inside fighting beast, he dont need to clinch 24/7. look at JT vs progais NO clinching jus WORKIN. such attitude = stoppage tonight. you ppl dont appreciate excellence. ur just happy with anythign thats a win NO i want JT/ ppl to get BEST out of themselves
You talk absolutely shite you haven’t got a clue
Tank vs Josh Taylor who win🤔?
Talking shite
Nah I’m not hyped for JT vs Crawford if he stays under Ben Davison. JT will get smoked, Crawford loved guys trying to be on the back foot and boxing with him
I hear you YB. I'm a taylor fan. He has it in him to be great and you only want to see that realised. Would love to see him with the reynosos.
You people are fucking ridiculous Josh took a lot of hits, he was borderline reckless. The level of competition is getting better and better, he can not expect to just run through everybody. You man chatting breeze right about now if you think this was not a good performance.
Ben Davidson is a lefty snowflake, he got no balls
Ben is always a jonny come lately..and a little glory boy...ben more worried about flicking his hair back ...ben is a little girl...who i think is still in the closet
That ref is the worst. Putting his hands on Jose and Taylor takes advantage of a fighter who’s being held
YB talking bollocks again everyone and his dog knew Taylor had to improve his jab and that's exactly what Ben Davidson did ! It's what kept Ramirez off him and won him the fight ! Truth is ANYTHING to do with team Fury this Joshua fanboy trolls !
Hell yeah, have some of that.
Kenny Bayless was the reason Josh couldn't get him out, ref giving Ramirez too much time to recover. Don't forget Josh wasn't moulded by Shane Mcguigan, he was already a Commonwealth Gold Medallist. If anyone deserves credit it's Terry McCormack his original coach. Although I respect what Shane did after, they did a piss poor job of promoting him.
Great performance u don’t know ur boxing mate
I think that was first time Jose Rameriz ever been down & twice in one day
Ben Davis Is A Good Trainer For Josh Taylor. YB You Can’t Blame Taylor For Not Stopping Ramirez When The Ref Is Giving Ramirez Time To Recovery
Well said about Ben Davison there mate your right.
Stop talking about Canelo. His power got him out of trouble against BJS. You don’t have to copy Canelo etc etc. It’s boxing find your own blue print and make your own lane. Simple
Jt should have stayed with his other trainer
well done Shane
You cant always run through fighters look at all the big dons mayweather AJ fury i can go on..... its too risky to to go in all guns blazing against top fighters if you want to keep that 0 and win every belt! You have to learn the art of the jab and get hit less as you get older! Watch AJ and ruiz second fight AJ had to box clever to WIN! If you were his trainer there was a chance last night JT had a chance of getting knocked out and in big fights you box clever 👍 just my opinion!
You must have bet on the KO? 🤣
Stupid video, Ramirez is a come forward fighter, plan was to box and counter. Go away boy
If you are fighting a brawler and you know you are a better boxer why not box him? 🤦‍♂️ JT done fine stop nit picking. Judges had it close because its in Vegas ffs.
Hittin the stanky... Hittin the naenae.. lolol
Let's coast the championship rounds!   -BD 😎👍
Crawford stops him in 8 to 9 rounds
Mcguigins are now known for robbing the fighters they're supposed to train.
crawford will finish taylor in 4 rounds
with one ko Ramirez would have one easy. he was the aggressor and wining every round . Taylor was holding and running all fight . even with two knock downs it should have been a draw same as Fury got in his first fight with wilder . fuck boxing corrupted .
he was just lucky with that sucker punch . Ramrize was wining the fight all night long .
Not a fan of Ben either. Krunk Style Tyson is way better than Ben on the backfoot, lunge, and hug style.
Maybe  ringrust but still great result though was worried after the BJs fight
WIGGER YOU MUST BE BRITISHIT
You are right. Best of wishes to both gladiators though. Talking about all time greats Lenox Lewis stands high even among the other greats.
You dont believe being undisputed is having 4 belts but only if u beat a hall of famer lol unfortunately fir you having 4 belts is actually undisputed that's why it is called undisputed ciz your championship cannot be disputed as u have all the titles. Also u said terrence Crawford wS a hall of famer?? Well once again ur information is wrong as a boxer can only become elegible to be inducted into the boxing hall of fame After 5 years retirement. Ur boxing knowledge is becoming sounding like. Know it all rather than researching facts
Fun fact: Josh taylor was an avid fan of Manny Pacquiao and he even named one of his dogs "pacman".  Congrats taylor
Hit, lunge and hug... Kept doing that all night. Anyway congrats Taylor on the win
I could write on a matchbox what you know about boxing. Laughable fella
you have to remember ben is a novice trainer and is probably more nervous than the fighters. He is still making his name in the game. as a trainer you are meant to be the calming voice in the corner. but it kind of shows no faith in his fighter basically telling to run around and get the win the chicken way
Josh taylor is a dirty fighter Ramirez should aware of that
He cant beat Terrance Crawford 😂
It's a good job you don't work in ramirez corner lol ciz you seem to have sussed out josh taylors game plans not from the past but fur the future to come lol. Do u seriously believe these champion go to Ben Davidson for free training they pay alot of money for good reasons. Bare in mind Ben Davidson isn't a retired fighter passing on his trade. He's had some amateur fights I'm sure he won all his amateur fights. He's young n doing your home work you will have known why he's no longer with the mcguiggns. Same reason that Carl frampton is no longer with them.
I agree. Davidson is too safety first. Freddie Roach called it in Fury vs Wilder 1. Davidson is a smart guy, and technically worth listening to, but he needs to believe in his fighters
Tank
Absolutely stupidity..so negative.
Jose was doing well with the body shot in early rounds. Should have close in back then.. He seems to gas out in later rounds
You’re just lacking or a hater ! It was Ben Davidson to get Taylor dance around and wait for the perfect moment. Props to Davidson
Wonder why Ben encourages fighters to fight less aggressive. 🤔 maybe he doesn't like seeing people get hurt..but isn't that the fight game? 🤔
I had it 7 - 5 Taylor... If they gave Ramirez 3 early rounds then Taylor eased up in round 9, if the judges were looking for (Ramirez) offense and aggression not (Taylors) control and defense, I can see how they gave him another 3 late rounds making it 6 - 6 (minus 2 knockdowns)  But yeah, Ben and his take it easy, be careful, expect to win based on what you've already done, isn't a great plan.
Bout time a white boy beat us shit
Ben Davison has just trained a fighter to undisputed pal, your just a hater and have agendas on certain people. Im not saying hes perfect but give respect when its due sometimes.
YB ROGER MAYWEATHER JUST CALLED AND SAID U DONT KNOW SHIT ABOUT BOXING.
He needs to get rid of Ben D to beat Crawford
Boyzie fury is sparking aj out Fury is all wrong for aj He’s going sleep
Ramirez wasn’t giving up them belts on his back. when he was down the 2nd time his eyes was rolled back but he got back up & got to it best he could.
Your honest
Make u right on this 1
The ben davidson effect last 2 rounds took the foot off the gas instead of finishing his food
What a freaking uppercut!! MAD RESPECT TO BOTH FIGHTERS!  YB, THANK YOU FOR ALL THE AWESOME VIDEOS!!!
Yeah I worried about Taylor when he joined Davidson, he won the fight though so hopefully he realises he was better with shane
I agree, I'm not a big fan of Ben Davidson
You just dont like anyone who has anything to do with  Tyson fury
Fury there found his new friend as this one won he hung around for photos the lemon
But YB, I think Ramirez is a warrior. It’s what Mexicans do, they fight on even if they spark out. Good fight, no doubt. Congratulations to JT👑
Ben Davidson very knowledgeable but too fearful way too fearful makes his fighters timid, nowadays u have to to be aggressive and knockout these people u can’t be on the back foot dancing around like a salsa dancer
Dont always agree with u but ur right about ben hes negative as fuck .
Josh Taylor should go to welterweight
Inside fightingness
