Here after hearing that 12 man on the field was on purpose so they could win the game
Mike vrabel former team
maybe u want to play barcelona dragons in the first 100 million dollar game winnert ake all !!
This was the most competitive and highest scoring game (78 points) in the history of this rivalry until the rematch at Houston (79 points, 41-38)
13:10 A.J Brown
God bless you
7-7
7-6
6-6
5-6
4-6
4-5
4-4
3-4
3-3
3-2
2-2
1-2
0-2
0-1
3-11
3-10
2-10
1-10
1-9
1-8
1-7
1-6
1-5
1-4
0-4
0-3
0-2
0-1
As a Rams fan. I like the Stafford deal, but man, imagine if we would have gotten Watson. For Goff and two first’s. Its plausible
Houston Texans vs Tennessee titans 2020 Greg gumbel rich Gannon jay feely
How do the hell you stop a mack truck name henry.
they went for two...
THE THRILL OF BATTLE.
Leave us underrated
9:05 GAS GAS GAS
Titans almost blew a 21-7 lead against a 1-4 that finessed 4-12
Hi
Who’s here after the Titans beat the Texans in another nail-biter?? Also AJ brown has scorched them on two clutch catches!
He looks like an adult playing pop Warner.  I love how I didn’t even Say Derrick Henry but you knew who I was talking about 😂
Completely different titans team week 17. No Humphrey no brown ,clowny plus for whatever reason titans stopped useimg Smith so much week 5 then recently got away from firkser a few games.  Raymond replaced by limited production Cam'ron Batson. Really sketchy to grasp vrabels plans. I do hope its just to keep a fresh team next man up mentality giving several games to each player idk irs kinda odd to me.  If I was seeking depth and fresh legs it would be changing in fresh o line not skill positions
2:50 I think he is still spinning
Flash⚡ #10HumphreysTITANS
Texas
Wow! that was intense
I will call this game the music city miracle 2
idubbbz
https://youtu.be/mEztD6HAmwo I love the spirit of competition, it shows which group of men worked harder to collect victory. We’d be blown away to know the obstacles, trials and tribulations some of these men have faced throughout their lives. Praying for all the players, coaches and staff, God bless your journey in life, just as he has blessed mine 🙏🏽
Marshawn Lynch: Beast Mode  Derrick Henry: Beast Code
Seahawks should take notes
Guys pause at 13:16 The feet were in before the knee, yeah the camera man blocks it  but the way his leg is his knee cant be down yet
The texans so scared to tackle , they literally was playing 2 hand touch. Smh
What a drive by the Titans to force OT.. this team truly is special. Much respect  - Broncos fan
You know it all started with Vrabel. He sent a 12th man on the field on purpose to get a penalty to stop the clock. He fakes being angry and the rest is all history. Vrabel low key is becoming Belichick Jr.
Texans defense is terrible
Ashley marie harrison  They have a specific program for everyone.  They sick certain individuals on you & they will follow you for the rest of your life. Gangstalking. Don't watch football. I have IBS.
What was that 2 point conversion
Sorry Titans fans but I thought I was watching a Jet game in the last 2 minutes . Vrabel , IMO , should’ve ran Henry straight to a chip shot .
THE LION OF JUDAH IS COMING TO DESTROY THE NATIONS  JEREMIAH 4:7   7 The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant.  For Judgement-(DEATH) comes for Esau who is Amalek, who are Edom, which are the Caucasian nations by way of the WRATH OF THE LAMB.  REVELATION 2:9  9 I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich)-(LORD YASHAYA KNOWS OUR OPPRESSION-AFFLICTION & DESTRUCTION AT THE HANDS OF OUR ENEMIES AS HE HIMSELF ENDURED THEM FOR US-BUT WE ARE RICH BECAUSE WE ARE THE LORD’S HERITAGE-WE ARE THE WORLD & THE WORLD WAS CREATED FOR US), and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews-(AMALEK-EDOM-THE CAUCASIAN NATIONS), and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan-(THESE WICKED SERPENTS ARE THE CHIEF HOUSE OF THE DEVIL HIMSELF).  NOW WHO SHALL DENY THIS REPORT?  J.R.WILLIS  AUTHOR: A RACE OF DEMONS REFINED 2017  AUTHOR: SPIRITUAL CRIMES 2018  AUTHOR: THE PROPHECIES AUTHOR: THE PROPHECIES, BOOK TWO AUTHOR: THE BOOK OF DAEMONOLOGIE YEAR 2020'
H
Bill is an idiot man💀😂
I love this head coach. Might be the new bill belichec
xrp
Good luck doing that against the steelers front 7 lol. Henry don't have a chance in hell.
Derrick henry really said,”just snap the ball to me” & got a TD in OT.
6:33 can anyone explain to me how this was a PI?
Someone needs to show RYAN CLARK 14:24 since he said Henry never runs over big guys.   He moved #67 like he was a U-Haul 📦
dammmm why texans tried 2PT..... that was so terrible...
The Titans would be 2-4 right now if they still had mariota
Who tf goes for 2pt conversation when you could have kicked an extra point and been up 8pts.🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️  Trust me idc I'm a Raiders fan but damn that was stupid!
I wish madden made derricks Henry’s speed be what it actually is cuz damn he’s fast tbh
I love watching dbs in the fourth quarter try to tackle Henry. They just reach out out or dive at his legs and neither option ever works.
2 above average tight ends. 2 above average slot wide receivers. 1 elite quaterback. 1 decent running back and 1 elite running back. 2 elite wide receivers and a above average o-line. I can see them winning the playoffs and the super bowl. the defense just has to step up
They cheated in Tennessee in the fourth quarter he didn't have two feet down it's all good
Tannehill is good. He's just another reminder of how a different a player can look when they are put into a competent organization. It makes you wonder how many great players who "never were" because they got chewed up and spit out by a poor team with poor management. Andrew Luck comes to mind... probably countless others.
Next time kick the extra point. Yall can't lie the Texans really won
Only person I think tht ain’t scared to tackle d Henry is JJ watt on the texans
How big is the damn cameraman🤣🤣🤣🤣
Henry is a beast and Clowney is the least. When is the last time Clowney actually sacked a QB, some time last year I believe.
On a lot of those throws, Tanny had 3 seconds at least...Pitts gets there in 2...with Taylor Luwan out at tackle who will block Dupree? He is having a great year and is lightning quick.
Game of the year so far!
Houston: man a field goal would’ve been nice
This was a major division win by the Titans. Having a 5-0 start is great but brutal schedule still remains. I hope Titans finish 11-5 or 12-4 this year with a division title. They need homecourt in playoffs.
This was a major division win by the Titans. Having a 5-0 start is great but brutal schedule still remains. I hope Titans finish 11-5 or 12-4 this year with a division title. They need homecourt in playoffs.
why did they go for 2 pt conversion?! fire that coach man! like frfr
Kick the damn extra point.
Tanny + AJ > Wilson + DK
Gone then Tennessee Titans! Although I'm a 49ers fan. You guys are some Scrappy S.O.B's!  Tannehill is a revelation! I never considered him a bad quarterback, I've always considered the Dolphins a horribly run franchise.
Coin toss to determine who gets ball first. First possession of each team has to score a touchdown and has to go for 2. If both 2s are made the teams will continue to go for touchdowns and 2pts. Whoever is the first to not make a 2 while the other makes a 2, loses. If you can’t score a TD and the other team scored a TD, they lose . No field goals no 1point conversions. This should be the new overtime rule
Wait, JJ Watt didn’t get hurt yet?
Deshaun Watson is gonna be the only all-pro quarterback and pro bowl qb with a 4-12 record because his defense couldn’t stop a high school offense
Henry's size is scary enough then the after burners kick in and hes gone.
Overtime should change its rules.  with OT Texans should’ve at least got 1 last redemption drive. Idk but good game
7:22 wow watsons head was on a SWIVEL
This made me happy
Derrick Henry running for 214 yards.  Titans look very formidable this year after making it to the AFC title game last year.  Can they supplant K.C. in '20?  We'll see.
Hey titans fans, YOU LIKE THAT??
Both of these two teams are my favorite football 🏈 teams but I don’t know about that they go face to face
uhhhhh...i think somebody in that ther' uh Texans organization is fix'in ta lose their job, sir yes sirs..
NFL overtime rules are so, so dumb. Both teams should have a chance to possess the ball. Just go with college rules if you can't find something better.
SIR HENRY, LANCE ALLOT
WHAT A BATTLE, IT'S OJUI JIMA , BONZIA,WW2
RUN  SR HENRY RUN!!!!
TENNESSEE SOLID ALL AROUND
That wasn’t a td
Titan up feels great to be 5-0 glad we are having are having the best season in a very long time. Keep it up guys let's go to Super Bowl
is no one talking about how good ryan tannehill is doing
Texans really won, only if they kick the extra point 🤫🤣
Last time steelers played Titans we held Henry to 7 Carries for 32 yards
Dat line got tannihill looking like Russ Patrick Rodgers it's amazing wat an offense line can do to hide ur qb flaws pay them man hunnid mill for 1st and 2nd stream real Walk
Rich Gannon is insufferable
Derrick  Henry is such a freak.
Ok, at the end of regulation, I think Texans should have gone for 1 instead of 2 PT attempt, score would be 37 - 29. And if Titans scores and goes for 2. Final score would be 37 - 36
Titans receivers don’t know what a dropped pass looks like.
Defensive Backs have NO DAMN CHANCE  WITH THESE TICKY TACK DAMN PI PENALTIES. NFL WANTS MORE DAMN POINTS. HARDER & HARDER FOR THE DEFENSE.
Let's go Titans!
That touchdown pass by Tannehill to tie it up was so clutch.
BIG BAD AND HUMBLE    deadly combo
Why the hell did they go for 2!?!?? Stupid
Am I the only one that thinks the AJ Brown TD wasn’t a catch? It looks like his knee hit right before or at the same time as his foot.
Henry is the man but I have to say that A.J Brown is one of the most underrated receivers in the league.
They better pay that man Henry... its a dam shame...
Henry is insane
It’s a scary sight when you see JJ Watt come around the corner
Derrick Henry is learning where he fits in the NFL & I’m not sure players from other teams want him to know that.
that wasn't a TD at end of regulation. shin clearly out first... big break.
Why does mike vrabel always run 🏃‍♀️ at the end of games?     😂🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/766341186385739817/768538395345420288/2020-10-21_6.png ITS IN TITAN UP LOOKM AT THIS PIC I TOOK IN SLOW MO
The coaching on this game by the houston texans was pathetic, almost perfect then going for the two points at the end.
I'm less and less surprised that they beat the Patriots in the last playoffs.
It should be illegal for Henry to be that fast at that size
So who is the BEST between Tank Henry and Lynch Mode
Can we take a moment and acknowledge the greatness we are witnessing that is Jeffery Simmons? Mauler of O linemen, stuffer of the run, as well as flushing QB's out of pockets...then tipping the 2-point attempt to keep it a 1-score game.
ths was the game of the week
Still trying to figure out how that touchdown at the end of the game counted for Titans. Unless air counts as the ground, I never saw the second foot step on the ground and they counted it anyways. I know damn well if the roles were reversed, they wouldn’t have counted it for the Texans because it happened in the Steelers game when they didn’t count a touchdown for us. The game is rigged.
Salut. Je suis français. Lors des touchdowns, faites-vous appel à la Goalline comme au football (soccer) ?
Why did the Texans go for a 2pt conversion at 11:58????
Houston just got greedy and should’ve just went up by 8
How about them titans
As a titans fan and fan of good football I hope Deshaun Watson demands a trade. The Texans incompetence with building a team might destroy an otherwise Brilliant career
The Titans were clearly the better team.  This shouldn't have been this close
ok
Watsons response after the coin flip told the story. the texans need to rebuild the defense
Not a fan of either teams, but I clicked the like button, because Mike Vrabel was a New England Patriot and that's my team.
A.J. Brown is one of the best WR out there
Hell of a game!!!!
Titans remind me of patriots ten years ago
Houston’s O-Line is weak
the  TEE  on the  helmet  yeah.....my  fave  team.....and   boom..!!   win!!
WHAT A GAME!!
SO  SHWEEEETTT...much  love  Tee with  LIONS  NAMED LEO.[the music  worldwide} https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=lions+named+leo+  ...sooo fun great  game...
What a great game.
D. Henry seems to can't be stopped lol........good game here tho 💯
wow!!! awesome game!!! gotta feeling titans are going to go a bit this year...
2 reasons Texans lost 1. Justin Reid wasn't paying attention to the receiver behind him on the 2nd point conversation and 2. If Texans jus kick the extra point they force Titans to go for 2
Dude. When Derrick Henry tore that run to score in the fourth is where the differences became apparent. I thought for sure someone would have him.
What a game, this was the best game ive seen so far🔥🔥 this is the kinda game you wanna see, two teams grinding it out till the end💯💪🏽 unlike other games i seen, no effort no fight bad coaching, funbling, getting embarassed at their own stadium🤦🏽‍♂️ if ur guessing im a Cowboys fan, ur right!! But Titans played a hell of a game, shout out to the stiff arm master Derrick Henry💪🏽💪🏽 best back in the NFL🐐
The titans are either barely winning close games against similarly skilled opponents or blowing out teams that are way worse than them, the titans are overrated and they are gonna start losing soon
Great offensive duel
Derrick Henry looks like a Tonka Truck, he is a problem i tell you, he truly is a great running back......
Henry is a beast! U KNOW if hes taking the snap hes taking off with it.. And they STILL couldn't stop it!
*Remember The Titans*
They just gave Tennessee that win🤦🏾‍♂️
Is no one goint to talk about how the Texans(1-4) almost beat the Titans(4-0)
Has anybody else noticed if the Texans wouldn't have gone for two and just kicked the extra point the pressure would have been on Tennessee to get the two-point conversion and not force overtime?
Everybody talking about The Steelers ain't play nobody, but yet they beat the Texans in week3, but The Titans had to beat the Texans in  Overtime!?!🤔🤔.... they better not play that way against the Steelers..😳😳😳😳
a player that tackles Derrick Henry should get extra fanasty points
That boy Henry is the truth know he is going be to make that run but you can't stop it .
Titans will win the super bowl this year!
I managed to tackle Henry and am still alive to tell the tale.
Was gonna say Titans are marching like a juggernaut to the top 4, couldn't believe they could dominate the Titans so. But that near choke left a question mark. Texans are not a bad team, I'm surprised of that record. If only they had played this level earlier.
how is he that fast at that size!???
Brown's right knee hits the ground, out of bounds, exactly the same time his left foot hits the ground inbounds.  This one could be debated forever, depending on what side you're cheering for.  I have no skin in this game, to me he's out of bounds.
Henry alone is reason enough to watch the Titans.
They put him at QB that’s OD 😂
Imagine if the Texans don’t miss that xp, or took an xp at the end
13:15 This is not a TD, no way. Lucky Titans
Great game
@ 4:44 -- SORRY, BUT I HAD TO *FART* SINCE TUESDAY!!
Titan Up! 💙⚔️
I’m so glad I’m a titans fans
The Titans are going to be hard to beat
I still think the titans are overrated. Barely won to a team thats 1-4. Henry is the team. Tannehill is alright. Their offensive line is ok. Their defense is alright as well. But not the best. Maybe 6th
Why did Houston go for 2? Dumbest call ever
I think Henry the bull has his horn on backwards,  magnetic UniBull! The creature of mystic stories of such a great creature.  Now I understand what frodo meant!
If #41 didn’t go to the wrong gap which cost a 94 rushing yard touchdown and that missed filed goal, It would’ve been 39 - 21 by Texans. There’re really not good, There’re overhyped. Watch them loose to Pittsburgh 💯💯💯 Look at 9:04 and 7:41
I am happy that I drafted Henry in the first round
Can anyone give me a time stamp when Tannehill got picked off and fumbled?
Nobody is talking about tannyhill man, he out there doin his thing! TANNYHILLL
That’s BS his right shin touch the ground before his left foot ❗️❗️NO CATCH
Titans are trash
Im Tenn fan thanks for going for 2
Everything really went downhill for the Texans after the chiefs game 😬😬
The last play with tanehill as wr and Derrick as qb.mike vaebral is genius
Titans displayed they have good depth, great running attack + strong passing, very well balanced team.Good win for them.
If you cant beat the texans in regulation you definitely arent beating Pittsburgh
STEELERS will make Henry look average and hand the titans that L 🖤💪
Texans defense lost the game. Watson kept them in it and even took the lead. Too many big plays given up. The Titans are dangerous. They're attack is underrated and balanced.
Team looking like the Cincinnati Texans lol
https://youtu.be/LMQeli3mBF8
Bro what gloves does AJ brown got on
Derrick henry is the best back in football in any league period !
This creature Derrick Henry is pure scary 😂😂
Derrick Henry might be the best RB I’ve seen in a while
...Don’t Fear COVID-19. Directory of Doctors curing thousands of outpatients … fast. https://www.exstnc.com
How has the NFL not changed the overtime rules yet... they’re so awful
You cant tell in OT how tired the Texans defense was. At 13:53 you can see #92 slowly jogging to Henry and #25 make a weak tackle attempt
Man... That missed extra point was the slow bleedout wound for the Texans. That sucks.
Texans didnt deserve to win that because of their soft defense at the end. I hate prevent defense man it literally prevents you from winning
Enjoying watch lose the Texan's!!!
Great game 👌👍👍🏽
Everyone talkin bout Henry but nobody talkin bout how elite Deshaun Watson is
https://youtu.be/AAhZoHxhLwQ check him out
Derrick Henry is a monster.  Tennessee is unstoppable.
Greatest game this year 💯
https://www.hebprepaid.com/get-a-prepaid-card/?aid=HEB_RAF_1&site_id=RAF_MOB_URL&uref=1404379454
Texans is play very poor defense team
Poor Watson..that O line dont block for him at all.
Defense gave up 🍺
Why did they go for 2 point try? If they had kicked the extra point the other team would have had to get a 2 point conversion.
So.... Titans, you need a kicker?
Texans: Were gonna win Titans: Thats what we wanted u to think
Mcnicols played really good
Feel so bad for D Watson. He's literally the LBJ of the league.
I get why the Texans went for the 2 point conversion(to make it a 2 possession game) but when you're in that situation, make the opposing team work for Overtime. Titans would have needed to score a TD and Convert 2 points had the Texans just secured an 8 point lead by kicking the extra point.
My name is Derek Henry.. and uh.. I'm about to give your defense a problem with trying to tackle me..
Romeo you idiot go for one. You are a horrible head coach.
houston should go for an extra point instead of 2.
As a long time Dolphin fan , I’m happy and proud that I defended Ryan Tannehill, and I’m super happy for him ,he’s a good man....... hope they win the Super Bowl !!!!!
The worst call was the 2 point conversion for the Texans.
Why the hell didn’t they just kick the extra point would of been game over
Henry’s a beast but shouldn’t the Texans have kicked the extra point to go up 8 instead of going for two?
dan bongino
Derrick Henry is a terrifying man good lord
What a stupid call for 2 point they should have kick the ball for the one point to win the texan lol.
Houston Texans You All Played A Good Game They Gotta Bounce Back Harder With This L
It’s Dope bruh  https://youtu.be/3ycYSb4QOQU 🔥🔥🔥
Derrick Henry " La Bestia Humana "
I don't understand it.The first time I watch it
Big Win by them Tennessee Titans!! Putting that game on King Henry’s back & just following! Great game from Tannehill & that Offensive Line. Them Big Nastys should get some credit! 5-0 Let’s keep it rolling Titans Nation!🍾🔥💪🎲 #KingHenry #StrategicVrabel #FireyTanehill #LovinIt
When no one wants to tackle the running back.
Which one y’all would take the old Marshawn lynch or Derrick Henry
It’s like this dude got a 70 yard + touchdown every time I watch him
Watson to Fuller 🔥🔥🔥🔥 guess Texans fired back after the Titans did a touchdown...pretty sure the Texans coulda won if they had gotten that coin toss...gg Texans ya had a hard schedule this season.
Overtime Tennessee Won in The First Overtime NFL FootbaLL
With Four SecondS in The Fourth Quarter That WAS A Touchdown Both Feet WAS in BoundS Tennessee Won Again NFL FootbaLL
Derrick Henry's legs should be registered a deadly weapon..
Number 22 On Tennessee WAS Gone For A 70 Yard Touchdown Run From At Running Back NFL FootbaLL
Tennessee Hasnt Won A NFL FootbaLL Championship in Franchise History But Might RecentLy NFL FootbaLL
Great game!
Tennessee WinS Again An Tennessee Hasnt Lost A NFL FootbaLL ReguLar Season NFL FootbaLL Game Yet That iS About 6 NFL FootbaLL GameS Tennessee PLayed So Far This NFL FootbaLL ReguLar Season NFL FootbaLL
Tennessee NFL FootbaLL
The decision to go for 2 cost texas the game. I think its time for a new coach
This game did wonders for my fantasy team. Derrick Henry single handedly pulled me from the depths of despair. What a game from this Titans team. Way to hang tough.
Derrick Henry probably says the same thing Jim Brown said, “Give Me The Ball”
Henry is basically the NFL's version of Thanos. Dudes coming and nobody can stop him.
I believe you cannot underestimate the effect of losing DeAndre Hopkins for the Texans.
Tennessee is bring heat 🔥 🔥
Derrick 'WTF' Henry
I have to say this is the reason the Titans are 5-0.This team will fight till the end.That is what I like about them.Now this coming Sunday is the game of the season. Two undefeated teams going head to head.What do you think will win this game.
Even though everyone is talking about how good the titans were the texans did very well forcing a 4-0 team to go into overtime against a 1- 4 team
Choose your team! NFL Fleece Jackets MSRP $65.50; now $29.99. Thank you. https://www.ebay.com/itm/373219303733
We going this year baby all the way
Wow the Titans sure have a fast middle linebacker running the ball.
watson having flashbacks to that alabama/clemson championship
I got Watson and Henry on fantasy
watson is legit!
Damn wasn’t Houston decent last year? What happened? Lol
Tannehil out here throwin dimes
"Derrick Henry would get called by Lawrence Taylor. People made a big deal out of a running back stiff arming a Cornerback 😴😂, stop, would have been better if it was a linebacker tho"🤔⏳#nope
By the time the left foot grazes the turf, the right knee is well out of bounds. The pass is clearly incomplete. How New York doesn't overturn this call is criminal.
Don’t get why they went for two instead of just the extra point. We would have still forced them to go for two for the tie.
I’m a huge Titans fan so I’m glad they won, but I’m also super glad that Watson is getting the coaching he deserves and is playing a lot better  Edit: the Texans should’ve kicked for 8 pts up like the Vikings should’ve. Why do teams keep making this mistake.
Derrick the Locomotive Henry showed why he is a terrific RB because he had a titanic game running for more than 199 yards and 2 touchdowns including the game winning touchdown on the Wildcat play in Overtime.
I'm so happy we're over our curse of losing to Houston.  That trend was getting REALLY old.
Clowney was getting owned by 71 fr🤦🏾🤦🏾
As a Texans fan I knew coming into the game we were going take a L because of one guy ..  Derrick Henry I knew his time will come and sure enough Titans are rolling this year 5-0 I honestly think they'll be in the AFC championship going to the SB is just the way I see it I know my  Texans time will come soon might not be this year but from yesterday's game after fire BOB I see improvement and I believe our time will come too but for now the Titans own the AFC south .
Henry is like trump winning the election (trump)uh I got this mah)
Johnson is 57-0 in my brain right now
That David Johnson/DeAndre Hopkins trade should prevent OBrian from ever working in the NFL again.
As a steelers fan this going to be a close game like this. we might possibly win this by a field goal. the steelers defence needs to worry about derrick henry he is a titanic beast.
I’m a huge Browns fan, but I’m so excited that Tannehill is doing great!  Maybe someone needs to rescue Sam Darnold from Adam Gase’s horrible grip. If Tannehill keeps it up, he’s gonna be in the hof!
That boy Henry is a beast. Titan up baby!! It’s our year
you trade hopkins for johnson lol
Titans in a battle against the Texans winning in OT with the impressive Henry run to cement a hard fought game.
..Don’t Fear COVID-19.  Directory of Doctors curing thousands of outpatients … fast.  https://www.exstnc.com
Wait... The fans are "Madden like". Wtf!
Monster Henry truck!
What where they saying about Derik Henry’s knee? He switched gears on um!!!
As a Texans fan this game is even more entertaining when you realize that we pretty much have nothing to lose this year
Henry's hair looks like a frozen turdcicle
Wowwwwwwwwww I’m really excited 😆 miss landlay is the best . This lady is really God sent to me . I never believed that I will get my returns. I trade with ignorant but received my profits with joy . Connect with her on Instagram @landlay_12fx
💖💝💝💝If you are reading this comment:  BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000!!! 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💝💝💝
I never taught of investing cause I don’t like it and it will be stressful cause I share same account with my husband, just only to come in contact with miss landlay  and I told my husband then he supports, since then I have been getting huge profits. Connect with her on Instagram @landlay_12fx
Everyone said Derrick Henry’s 99 yard run was a fluke but it’s not a fluke if it happens twice  Even though this one was 94 yards I think
IQ OVER 9000!
Ryan tannehill and Derrick henry is a deadly combo
Firstly I have been scammed a lot of times , so trading again to me was very hard and stressful. Then I saw a post on twitter someone testimonials about landlay . Then I decided it was my last and traded with just $500 and then I received my profits back . I’m really happy 😃. You can connect with her on Instagram. @landlay_12fx
Hola
hii
steelers vs titans better be prime time
Henry is as good as his blocking give him. Losinng Lewan protection for rest of year hurts big time. And what ever the Titan 3rd and long plan is they need to change it. So frustrating to see them stuff the other team on first and second down and then EVERY TIME give up 3rd and 10, 3red and 13, 3rd and 8.  They never seem to get off the field on downs.
Our offense is arguably top 10 in the league, but we will have trouble beating the elite teams if the titans don't tighten up their defense
I was told about miss Landlay  but I wasn’t that sure if I could invest with her. It was like a miracle I invested and I received my profits back . Connect with her on Instagram . @landay_12fx
Ryan Tannehill has officially arrived. Also, the Texans defense is awful
What a game though! Fantastic! Game of the season so far.
Bro I don’t even watch football and this was a great game 😱
That’s a good game but I hate the ot rules let the other team make a drive
Fun Fact: D Henry is the reincarnation of Christian Okoye.
What happen to Marcus Mariota he have talent
WOW Titans own the AFC South
Derrick Henry may be the most monstrous running back in the game since the bus
Sorry Houston. #22 running free LB's and DB's making business decisions.
I feel so bad for my boy deshaun out there playing with nobody he is really out there willing his team
Titans felt the lost, and did not run by the side of JJ Watt
Derrick Henry all time Mvp!
Ryan Tannehill is hotter than fish grease right now!!!
Will Fuller underrated
Adam Humphries is underrated
imagine the crowd reaction if it was a full stadium when A.J Brown caught it to tie the game
I can't believe 3 guys didn't tackle him on that 4th quarter run all they had to do was hit his foot and he would have fallen or lose enough momentum for someone else to catch
Why did the Texans go for 2 pts vs field goal at the 4th quarter?? Please explain?
Henry the RB Henry The QB Henry The MVP
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos ♦️ Non-Duality
That dude King Henry is something special.
I like the Henry/McNichols mix. McNichols gives a pretty nice gear shift from Henry.
Appreciate what u are watching and witnessing . what a RB . he remind me of Eric Dickerson
When I picture the Titans I see Henry
Battle Royale
That last play had the Houston confused. Ryan and Henry are super bowl bound if only the defense could get their act together
I,m a vikings fan and I am feel empathy for the Texans. I wish we could have deshawn Watson. Kirk cousin is a paycheck player
Is it me or does Derrick Henry have a 90 yard plus td run every year💀
Where was  mr Watt 😳😳
*To the person that is reading this: You're very intelligent and adorable human! be safe❤️😍*
This was a great game!
*Only a future millionaire will like this...!!*
Henry looks to damn big for his uniform let alone being a running back god damn
*I pray whoever likes this comment becomes a billionaire someday*
Can never understand 'overtime' in American sports. What is wrong with a good old fashioned draw (or tie) especially in the regular season? I can understand overtime in the playoffs because it's sudden death. However, in this game, neither team deserved to lose. The overtime rule is unfair - how can you end the game based on one team scoring a touchdown without being able to respond? Makes no sense.
Best play week 6 🤩
Tex should have taken the 1 pointer
I have Derrick Henry, Aj brown, and deshawn Watson on my fantasy team....
Derrick Henry must be the descendant of the legendary John Henry, the powerful, super steel driving man of song----Big Bad Assed John. I bet Derrick is built just like him! This man can lay down some tracks!
Romeo crennel failed 2-point try,, smdh.   'put it out of reach for them'
Did a brilliant international penalty enable the titans' comeback ❔❔❔
I'm still high off this game lol 💪🏽 #TitanUp
https://youtu.be/NUuNLXMWIi0
Good game Titans, awful embarrassing defense from our arm-tackling linebacks especially Cunningham whiffed arm-tackle on 3rd and1with about 2mins left in the 2nd qtr they went and scored a touchdown. That was unforgivable, they had guy stopped and he whiffed on a bs tackle attempt! No physicality whatsoever, garbage!🤬🤬
I'm just gonna say I can't stand the CBS UI it's terrible
no one here going to mention the texans going for 2 when they could’ve took one and gone up 8 keeping all the pressure on the titans? why go for 9pt lead it’s not worth the risk
Here's what Tennessee needs to do. 10 blockers and hike it to Derrick Henry over and over and over again.
Great game though- and evidence for what happens when you pitch ,,,,                                                     a competent QB + high functioning team a stellar  running back (Titans) vs a high functioning QB with stellar scrambling skills + 'competent' teammates
My newest song is finally here, let me know what you think https://youtu.be/98VvFI-XZbc
Henry's run is outstanding but as a former No,15 (Full back) in rugby - whenever I watch NFL sequences like this there is often a player - Houston No, 50 in this case - who   a) is within arms reach of the fleeing opponent   b) doesn't make the tackle at that crucial moment  c) allows the opponent to outsprint them and ends up eating their dust. This is an honest question: do NFL players believe it is 'beneath them' or dishonourable to dive tackle someone or even ankle tap someone to bring them down....
I dont get why the other team can't get 1 possession to tie the game
6:55 look at the bottom. Not the score, below that. I felt pain.
Titans defense looking sus but Derrick Henry OMG
Terrible defensive play calling by the Texans. The Titans' oline  needs alot of credit.
get deshaun out of houston wasted talent
First of all Henry is a monster, but how bout Tannehill, hes playing very very good, good reads, great throws, keeps the chains moving. Crazy how much relocating can boost your confidence. The Titans are for real.
Up by 7 goes for 2point....
Game of the year??
I don’t understand what he did and why
Tennessee RBs weren't getting touched a lot of times until 5-6vyards down field.
Right knee looked out to me 🤷🏽‍♂️
I swear Henry is like a cheat code. You're not supposed to be that big, and fast with a frame that size. Dude is like TE size lol
The AFC South is very underrated. I know the Titans are undefeated and third place is at 1-5, but they are producing very good games right now. I definitely want to see the Colts get a game or two on Tennessee to make things interesting.
Hate the titans but love Henry what can I say
Almost seems like the texans could use one really dynamic playmaker on the outside to really go to the next level. Wonder where they could get that from. 🤷‍♂️
Very interesting strat Titans!
When Henry gets the ball I get hype just like when Marshawn lynch would get the ball
fantastic game
I hear Josh Norman is still recovering
Why go for 2 that's the stupidest call ALL year
Henry's a MONSTER
Henry should be getting paid wayyyyy more
Its hard to imagine that Henry looked like a bust early in his career, he's become unstoppable. Good for him and Tennessee
that's what i call an emotional roller coaster, gotta love it!
I feel so bad for deshaun Watson
Titan should have win this game easily but that JJ watt strip ruined everything. Still got the W 😅
Zeke>Henry
The Titans are legit. Tannehill has shown that he is a real starter. It's better to have an elite running game as a compliment to your passing attack than it was to have an elite running game be your offense.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6Pt5L3PVvDiw09WhQA0q8g
Texans r garbage..why go for 2 at the end instead of kicking it and going up 8 instead they go for 2 and dnt get it... they lost the game themselves with there dumb decisions again...love when that happens... maybe next week they will just take the easy points and maybe they'll win more then 3 games this year.
lol remember when we had Mariota as our quarterback? BUST. TanneTHRILL all the way. And King Henry too.
Feel bad for mariota...seem like the line got addressed when tannehill became the starter but not for mariota when he was running for his life
Game of the year so far 🤧
Who else is here after Derrick Henry got 40 fantasy points for your team
Jonnu be lookin like a bald derrick henry out there
NFL OT rules are terrible they should do the college rules
Stupid coaching decisions by the Texans. Should have just kicked the Pat and it would have put more pressure on the titans to go for a two point conversion to tie the game.
Amazing Tiki Taka game. Henry is THE BATTLE TANK. Nobody can't blocking THAT~!!
Can any1 plz lecture me on why Crennel went for 2 instead of making it an 8-pt game? I've been thinking my brains out but can't figure out why...
the titans will win the south they only play for the 1 seed
Holy smoke, what a great game. Misses for FG, PAT, tries for 2, 4th down tries, lead changes. Tenn o line protected Tannehill VERY well. Watson making play after play. From me who is a fan of another team. Great game!
Beautiful W!!!! #TitanUp
https://youtu.be/XoTZZDqvGS4
https://youtu.be/Xpa3qryTOLU
Idk what Texan coaching staff was thinking. Dont go for the extra point. U get the 1 point after and ur up 8 and that means the titans have to get a td AND the point after. It's not like the extra point would've done anything for them if the titans got the td n somehow got a field goal.
Are they going win again when they compete with steelers next week ..
A blocked kicked, missed field goal and two turnovers typically means you lose the game.  But we overcome and win the game.  Absolutely GREAT Coaching.  Henry is a BEAST and Ryan T compliments this offense well.  One bad throw, but he made up for it how he lead the team down the field during the last 90 seconds of regulation.  The coaches had the Titans ready to play 90 mins of football.  Defense has to play a bit better if we're going to compete down the stretch though. Can't keep giving up the long passes and 15 yard cushions.  Overall, way to be resilient.  I believe we're the team to beat in the AFC.  No one's playing better football.
Who here because Derrick Henry torched you in fantasy
Romeo Romeo you shouldn't of gone for 2 .
Henry standing in his own endzone Me: "This is a touchdown Run"
Titan up most underrated team in the league every body always says Henry carries but look at Ryan like our passing game is lethal if we can get the pass rush together we’re lethal we built to beat teams like the ravens and chiefs because we did it last year and we have that win mentality honestly we serouis contenders if we can get the pass rush going so they can allow the secondary to make plays then we’re going to be mad scary
This team shoulda been in the SB last year. They running hot.
Watching D Johnson run the ball is horrendous
Derrick Henry Is This generations Brandon Jacobs just more Athletic lol🤷🏾‍♂️
I dont think titans are as good as people think. They only played a couple decent teams, play mostly at home, and get a crowd unlike anyone else. It's their o line. Henry gets clear routes and tanehill has time to make throws
I feel so bad for Deshaun Watson
Overtime rules are garbage
Texans has learnt not to hire a coach and let him come back and bite Texans in the behind. Mike Vbral is one shrewd coach and Texans paid the price. No more paying prices. Texans need to do what is good for the team and bring home something.
Thank you for singlehandedly winning me my fantasy football game this week Henry.
Henry is just a nightmare for opposing defenses. The titans have a great one two punch in the backfield.
Texans defense is so bad giving up so much points like college basketball game.
Tannehill looks like a real NFL QB finally. A lot of folks forget that he was a WR in college before being converted to QB and getting drafted as such
No more 9-7 Titans time for you guys to take the next step
THE BEST game of the week! Absolutely terrific! Pity someone had to lose, really.....sigh.
I saw this had lots of veiws, and while I would have assumed blowout... With so many views, it had to be good.  what a game, I love watching henry, while not as good as his 92 yd run, that game winning td was ridiculous.
Titans ,.Great RB, a good O-LINE and a tough team,. But remember,.They weren't anywhere near relevant until Tannehill got under center,. FACT His passing accuracy is uncanny,. Just compare it to Watson's which is decent,. Just unreal how accurate Tannehill is with the football
I liked the call to go for 2 and win the game right there
12:00 why go for 2 here? Kinda cost the game..
Bro if bill actually had defense instead of trading Hopkins and traded or cut scarlet we would have good defense but it’s our defense that’s ass
Tbh as a Texans fan this is way better then getting blow out 😂 but we still lost but I feel confident in the rest of the season
Derrick Henry is bigger than I thought and he can move he scary 😳
I’m just saying king Henry has always been a beast but we all know once the wbu was change well we all see the results tannehill needed a RB and Derek needed a QB
rooster teeth
I feel like national media doesn't talk about Henry enough. Dude is a man among boys when he's out there!
5:22 lmfaooooooo
I still don't understand why the Texans with for two instead of the extra point.
Lets GO Titans!
Feel bad for Watson, that Texans D is dreadful.
Greg Gumball always does the Titans games.
Houston should have just taken the extra point and the win. Oh well.
the NFl is pro
Houston shouldn’t have gone for the 2 pt conversion. That would’ve put more pressure on the Titans offense.
The Texans threw
Houston's wishing they had these Oilers back!
Derrick Henry the biggest game changer in the league
I honestly feel so bad for Watson. Hopefully during the off-season they address the issues. Maybe call up Arizona and trade for Hopkins back. Lmao.
Great game!!
Derrick Henry NFL MVP this season hands down
Why did Watson accept that contract, he deserves a better team badly
Lowkey love football being uploaded to youtube like this its a great idea to like hear what others had to think bout the game while me nd the boys were WATCHING THIS
This Texans defense is trash that touchdown to tie it shouldn’t of happened.
The refs are so pathetic. The Texans should have won. It was;nt a touchdown it should have never gone into overtime, I didn't think the refs were THAT retarted.
stupid 2pt attempt by houston.
Bro I'm scared just watching Henry on screen I can't imagine in the field with him running full speed at u. They dont call me Vomtae Davis for nothing.
Low key big Jeff Simmons saved that game for the Titans. He don't tip that ball, texans get that 2point conversion.  12:02 dude was wide open in middle of the end zone. This man is a beast as well
DeShawn Watson come to the San Francisco 49ers 🤩🤩🤩
trash
Can’t stop. Won’t stop. THE LORD OUR GOD HAS DREADLOCKS And the church said: OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHG HHHHEEEENNNNNRRRRYYYY
This is the Most Important post you will ever read;  Every one of us has broken God’s moral law, the Ten Commandments. We’ve all lied and we’ve all stolen, which makes us liars & thieves; And James 2 : 10 states that breaking even just one of these commandments makes us guilty of breaking them all.   The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because The Creator is perfect in holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in justice, meaning not a single sin will go unpunished; and our penalty for sin is death & hell, which the Bible describes as Eternal fire where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. Here, he lived a perfect & sinless life, only to take the punishment that we deserved; Our sinless creator became our sin, & endured a painful death on a cross for our sake. Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. On the third day, he conquered death & rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of Gods judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace;  Except a gift can either be accepted or rejected..So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, & through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old ways. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, & the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9), and you will be saved.  The moment you do this, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds pleasure in sin, & also, he will grant you eternal life in his presence; Nothing on this earth even close to compares to what awaits believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY.. meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make. And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ is awaiting YOU right this very moment; don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you have surrendered to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. and as it is written  (Hebrews 9 : 27); ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ .  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1432117742/ref=emc_b_5_mob_i
Henry is literally a man playing amongst children in this game.
packers fan and my 2 favorite teams to watch, titans and ravens!!!
To both teams, RESPECT. This was one he'll of a game.  To the Titans offensive coordinator, giving the ball to your RB at the end zone will get u a SB.
If the Bears had that o-line, 15-1 super bowl. Out. #DaBears
Game of the year
You have to feel bad for Watson. Bill o Brian took away all his weapons and now the Texans suck and he is probably going to get crap from the media for being 1-5.
I have ALWAYS . Hated Ryan tannerhill, this was prolly one of the greatest games I’ve seen him play . Highly competitive game 😂 I was watching it like it was live 🤣💯
See teams whatya can do when you have an elite elite running back!
King Henry had the last say!
Shame how covid ruined the Titan's season
What’s your favorite team?
Without Henry. Titans wouldn't be this good. But the Titans are known to go 10-0 and choke in the playoffs
That last drive before OT by Tannehill was prime brady like
This Texans team is for real, they have so much talent on the offensive side. I think they have been judged unfairly this season. First three games? Chiefs IN KC Ravens  Steelers in PITT Vikings (hit or miss) Jags (beat)  I’m a Titans fan big time, but I’ve been worried about this game all week, I think Houston will end up doing well this season, especially if Watson keeps playing like he did today. Keep your head up Houston, least you ditched your HC
seahawks are better
Revelation Now! Bible Prophecy Series  Beavercreek, OH| Oct 24th, 2020 https://relevantseminars.org/Dayton
That was a crazy game. They were 1-upping each other and I really thought Houston had this game.
Zeus: My son Hercules, I have a quest for you....  Hercules: What is thy wish father?  Zeus: I want you to take down the Titan "Derrick Henry".  Hercules: HELL NAH!
When i grow up, i wanna run the rock like Derrick Henry
8:25 Of course he’s missing now but not against the Jaguars
Wow
It’s so depressing being a Loyal Texans fan 😤. I seen So many Missed tackles and lack of aggression on LB/DB. I really don’t understand why teams under the 2 min warning play 10/15 yards of the ball and let receivers get RAC. We should’ve won this game.  Tennessee/Derrick Henry  deserve this win.
Deshaun Watson is special bruh, and the Texans organization is wasting his talents.
Should have kicked the extra point instead of going for 2.
Man the Titans beat the Texans very easily, they literally ran all over the Texans like it wasn't nothing smh
Maybe Tannehill did deserve that money, he played great!
urinating tree is gonna have a field day with this game
Up by 7, 36-29, going for a two-point convert is a questionable call frankly.
Oh  no  henry~~
Titans better run the ball if they're 1 yard away for a TD Superbowl win.
Пусть того кто читает данное сообщение, не заденут никакие болезни.Желаю только добра.Хотите заработат вот ссылка-https://alitems.com/g/1e8d1144940aaed368fc16525dc3e8/
Repost ✨ LIKE & COMMENT 💫 THANKS 🙏  https://youtu.be/6CgbSpLYjBY
Titans really haven’t played anyone
Im naming my son Derrick Henry
Ryan Tannehill is honestly one of the most underradet quarderbacks in the League
Greed, if only houston  settle for a field goal....
I feel like texans are gonna be a real threat when they sign Antonio Brown on week 9 i think they will be ready for next year
This game had it all: Big man running over smaller men, deep throws, both teams fighting to the last drop of blood!
7:10 wtf?
I feel bad for Watson Puts up 300 Yards a game and still loses
Texas deserves a good team for god’s sake. Biggest hotbed for football talent in the country and we got the damn cowboys and Texans... can we trade teams with an area that doesn’t produce any talent like New England or San Francisco?
Go for 2 points what a mistake
Tannehill and Henry need to take this team to the championship.... They can beat KC
10:43
10:45 the most sus thing I seen this season😂😭😭
Derek Henry is one hell of a beast!!!! Just waiting for my darling Chiefs to sign him up. what a player!!!!
I was there
Blowing the lead in this game probably wrecked the Texans’ last hopes of getting a WC spot.
5:18 that dance!
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.”  #LordJesusiscoming
DH is  the most  espectacular player since Vick
Derek Henry! This is what the Steelers defense has to look forward  to next week. Containing Derek Henry is going to be next to impossible.
See that Pete Carroll give the ball to your most dominant player especially if it's your RB who is GUARNTEEED on the goaline!!!
Everyone talking about henry.      What about tannerhills consistency and that 4th quarter drive comeback no huddle back shoulder fade? Hmmm what about that?
Texans defense is ass
Is Bill still there? Going for 2 when you can make it an 8 point game with a field goal. Idiots.
20 could have caught Henry... You can see 20 slow up and rum himself off angle
why why why did houston not kick the extra pt at end of game--stupid
A big thanks to everyone that downloaded my casino slot machine game!! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/diamond-777-casino/id1511108550
Whoever said Henry ain’t got speed is tripping now 🤦🏽‍♂️
Keep losing Texans! Signed The MIAMI DOLPHINS!
Alabama beast mode
Find the "WalterCoinProof" channel on Telegram, read the proofs, and start profiting today
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in our Lord Jesus Christ
Derrick Henry is a Beast.
Hell of a game
Tannehill is GOATED, not even a titans fan but that dude has done nothing but ball ever since he came over from Miami. That throw to AJ Brown with 4 seconds left was CLUTCH AF!!! oh and he beat lamar and brady last year! ESPN needs to give this man some recognition.
Nobody likes the overtime rules
Can someone explain to me the stupid decision to go for a 2 pt play at the end for the texans?? they lost the game because of that!
Dude Henry is the marshawn lynch of the 2020s decade
Being that big and that fast shouldnt be legal
Derek Henry is making all GM's reconsider how important a dominant HB is to a team.
Henry is Beastmode 2.0
derrick henry is beastmode if marshawn lynch was faster. Henry a freak of nature
Henry got bodied not what I expected (Look at Henry try to block) 3:29
Who knows the name of the commentators?
Anyone thinking Henry might beat a former Titans record for total yards from scrimmage?
Try for 2 point conversion and a TO with what.. 20 seconds left. It's almost as if Texans HC was paid to take a dive 🤣
Good game
Henry, my fantasy team thanks you.
2 franchises wasting away their QB, the Bungles. And the Taxens.
Seahawks fan here... Tannehill may be the most underrated QB in the league.
Our defense got to be better,the offense is consistent but our Defense gone be our downfall
Titans looks good, Henry and Tannehill are clutch, and the D with endzone stops will also win games.  for the Texans, better luck next year, maybe they can build better O line.
It’s hard to stop King Henry
This was easily the game of the day. It was a very boring day besides this game.
Just give the ball to Derrick Henry, you'll get first down.
Derrick Henry is the sole reason why I’m losing my fantasy game right now 😫
I'm confuse why you go for two up 36-29 anyone explain?
Herschel Walker part 2 is Derek Henry (Big, Strong & FAST) ...🙈💪💪💪
Find the "WalterCoinProof" channel on Telegram, read the proofs, and start profiting today
Find the "WalterCoinProof" channel on Telegram, read the proofs, and start profiting today
Titans offensive strategy: Just let Henry have the ball.
Derrick Henry will gain 2500 yards this season.
Imagine if texans takes the 1-pt attempt on their last drive 😂
Serious question: is it possible to include Henry in the MVP conversation? I've seen praise for Wilson and Josh Allen so far, but no one is putting Henry in the mix
I swear Henry is not normal. He’s OP.
What a game 🤯
Really exciting game and Henry is just a beast :D
D. Hop for David Johnson???  🤣
what a boss derrick henry
Tannehill really balling on that 4th quarter last drive
How dumb is the Texans coach to go for 2 on last TD?!? Just unbelievable!!! An extra point wouldve made them up by 8, that wouldve forced Titans to have to make a 2 point conversion to tie and go into OT. I understand if they made it, they couldve pretty much sealed it, but makes more sense to go for the easy 1 point conversion, and force the Titans to have to do more for a tie.
Derrick Henry is so deceiving lol What a game.
1st and 10 from their own 6 yard line*  Derrick Henry: so you have chosen death
Texans was a defense team. What happened...
For some reason I for sure underestimated Henrys speed. That man is a straight BEAST. Love to watch him play as well as Tannehill thriving!! Great game!!
Good time my Titans 5-0 very impressive. Now we gotta go against another undefeated team the Steelers. Good luck, but only one team can stay undefeated next week
Football is garbage 🗑
Why did Texans go for 2?
Houston we got a problem. Moses is here
I so happy that my statement came true: "Titiants will be the darkhorse for 2020 season" looks like I was right!
WoW 👏 😮 👏 😮 👏  great game!!!
I bet alot of NFL teams are mad they didn't draft Derrick Henry  😂😂😂
Dinosour
Remember when the NFL didn't have SJW nonsense painted on the field?
Yo, anyone wanna make some predictions? I'll start.   Division Winners:  AFC North: 1. Steelers. 2. Ravens. 3. Browns. 4. Bengals.   AFC East: 1. Bills 2. Patriots. 3. Dolphins. 4. Jets.   AFC South: 1. Titans 2. Colts. 3. Texans. 4. Jaguars.   AFC West: 1. Chiefs 2. Raiders 3. Chargers. 4. Broncos.   AFC Playoff Seeding: 1. Chiefs 2. Steelers. 3. Titans 4. Bills. 5. Ravens 6. Patriots 7. Colts.   AFC Wildcard:   #7 Colts @ #2 Steelers(Steelers) #6 Patriots @ #3 Titans(Titans) #5 Ravens @ #4 Bills(Bills)   AFC Divisional  #4 Bills @ #1 Chiefs( Chiefs)  #3 Titans @ #2 Steelers( Steelers)   AFC Championship   #2 Steelers @ #1 Chiefs(Steelers)   NFC North: 1. Packers 2. Bears 3. Vikings 4. Lions   NFC East: 1. Cowboys 2. Eagles 3. Giants 4. Washington.   NFC South: 1. Saints 2. Buccaneers 3. Panthers 4. Falcons   NFC West: 1. Seahawks 2. Rams 3. 49ers 4. Cardinals   NFC Playoff Seeding: 1. Seahawks 2. Packers 3. Saints 4. Cowboys 5. Buccaneers 6. Rams 7. 49ers.   NFC Wildcard  #7 49ers @ #2 Packers(49ers) #6 Rams @ #3 Saints( Rams) #5 Buccaneers @ #4 Cowboys(Buccaneers)   NFC Divisional   #7 49ers @ #1 Seahawks( Seahawks)  #6 Rams @ #5 Buccaneers (Buccaneers)   NFC Championship   #5 Buccaneers @ #1 Seahawks (Seahawks)  SUPERBOWL   STEELERS VS SEAHAWKS(SEAHAWKS WIN)
I love what I’m seeing from this Tennessee team. Vrabel has something great going with these amazing players
I think derrick henry should be in discussion for mvp. He puttin the team on his back. Unbelievable
Russ is the MVP right now but we have to seriously put Henrys name in the convo!
Thats pretty impressive how they hung in there and came back to win this game after playing 5 days ago.
Why did the Texans go for 2 when up by 7?  I would take a kick to go up 8, but that is just me.  Me and technicaly sound data analysis.
Being from TN I can't believe we don't suck. This is amazing. This isn't known as sports state where winning happens. It's no Massachusetts or California.
Wat a game
Good as game 🍻
wow... Derrick Henry... wow. Also Tannehill is playing SO much better without Gase.
How many of you "men" out there realize that you've been duped by the COVID scam and that you're children's and grand children's future is being systematically destroyed?
I hope the Texans win out and keep Romeo Crennel
I think we're clearly witnessing a legend in his moment in Derrick Henry. I hope he maintains his health so we can see his career play out without outside forces cutting his prime short.
Man, if the Titans just got one really good corner, our defense would be so much better.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxGYzdgf2vo  Vocal #RichardMarx Lookslike
Why did Huston go for two there offense isn’t reliable to get the two should forced the Titian’s to go for two
9:13 still gawping at Henry's kick into overdrive. His swiftness seems stroboscopic most times but that was pure legging it home.  I imagine even fearless old Ronnie Lott would have seen the point about discretion being the better part of valour at the sight of 22 at full speed, head-on. He's a Titan right enough.!👏
King Henry is who we thought he was. He's who we thought he was. If you wanna crown 'em, then crown his ass! But he is who we THOUGHT he was!
Tannehill can throw the ball like crazy !! Underrated 💯 keep doing great G 💪🏽
Tennessee has something special here. Lesser teams would’ve given up after the field goal miss into the 4th quarter. They kept grinding n made clutch plays entire game. Good job Titans.
Henry is a different try of RB. Never seen anyone like him. I love AP but God damn DH is a MONSTER !
Game of the week easily. N Monday nights games haven’t even played yet. That’s how certain it is.
I’m a Steelers fan.....this is definitely going to be the biggest test so far this season for both teams😳😳 Tannehill has been playing outstanding, Henry is a monster when he gets the ball, the O-line is underrated.....i hope the Steelers front gets it done😭🙌🏼
Less than a week without BOB and the Texans look like a playoff team
Gostkowski is getting cut.Why didnt the Texans kick the extra point on the last TD? That would have forced a 2 to conversion by the Titans.
Dion Sanders said when they asked him what you do when Christian Okoye runs on you he said you make buisness desition. Something is for Db when Henry runs.
Anyone else lucky enough to have tannehill and Henry on their fantasy team
Hey, not using you’re Facebook anymore? I’ll buy off you for $50 through PayPal lmk!
Why tf did we go for two wtf
D Johnson for Hopkins ? Yeah one of the dumbest things to ever happen.
Titans are a problem......I love it
Move over Eddie and CJ2K, King Henry will one day be known as the best Titans' running back in NFL history, and one of the BEST of all time.
as a texans fan i dread the game each year where we play Henry.
The two point conversion was the right call. Crennel was right. After seeing henry easily walk in... That means even if they kicked the field goal it still would have went into OT because I am more certain now that the titans would have easily got the two point conversion if they kicked the ball in.
1:29..I'm guessing using misting DeAndre Hopkins???
For a dolphins fan, this game was soooooo awesome OMG I went nuts when Henry scored to win it.... Us Dolphins have Houston's 1st AND 2nd round pick next draft imagine if this one is their breaking point and they go 3-13 or something lol it would be so awesome for us top 5 pick!
Hi. I hope you are doing well. I know you may have some big issues to worry about, this year has been cruel. But please spent a few minutes reading this. I am from Armenia and there's a war going on in my country right now. From September 27th our neighbour country Azerbaijan started attacking Artsakh and Armenia. The reason is as follows. Artsakh is a historical armenian land, where armenians lived for centuries. However at the times of Soviet Union, control over Artsakh was given to Azerbaijan by USSR authorities. After massive conflicts and massacres of  armenian people living there, in 1991 the region declared its independence, which resulted in another war. However in 1994 the war was over with a ceasefire agreement. Now, 30 years later Azerbaijan has started another WAR, which is backed up by Turkey (NATO member, which is also responsible for armenian genocide (1915) ) and thousands of jihadists, who are not only fighting against our armed forces, but also attacking peaceful civilians, Artsakh's capital #Stepanakert is being shelled almost everyday, many died and are wounded. We are facing existential crisis and our lives are in real danger. This is not only about Armenia, but the whole region, which is destabilized because of terrorism. Please share this if you want to prevent another genocide, raise awareness and if you want to help, we are raising money for humanitarian aid. You can donate by following the link: https://www.himnadram.org/hy/.  Any amount is important.  If not, just have a good day.  Thank you so much❤️
Eddie George was so dope to watch and it’s fun to see Henry walking in those same footsteps. If henry keeps this up he’s gonna run all the way to canton, seriously.
Find the "WalterCoinProof" channel on Telegram, read the proofs, and start profiting today
That was heartbreaking for the texans. the titans tied it with 4 seconds left.
Henry out ran that entire defense on that long td run. He hit another gear and left them all in the dust.🤣🤣🤣
Henry is that Guy...reminds of Emmit Smith but taller
Unbelievable, no Covid or injuries can take down the Titans. What a heroic effort by them at the end.
Oh yeah it's happening this year!!!
this man Henry need to get pay a lot more he's the carrier of that team
I think the whole Texans team needs to schedule a whole body  massage at the spa after being ran over by  Derrick Henry
Why the texans go for 2 on the last TD. When they convert the PAT the Titans have to go for 2 when they score 😅
Yes! Go Titans! Love from Memphis 💙
What  a game man  Watson was outstanding for the Texans but Darek  Henry  is beast..he won this game for the Titans
11:57 Who can explain to me what that 2-pt attempt was for pls.
When did Ryan Tanehill & The Titans turn into Tom Brady and The Patriots. That was an impressive 2 minute drive & overtime 👏👌💯
this commentator sucks
Why did texans go for 2 when up 7 already ?
Am I missing something? They should've just kicked the extra point.
Derrick Henry= Nelson from the simpsons
Its brazy how much better the Texans are with O'Brien gone, their a completely different team.
I’m not a Titans fan but that is King Henry for sure
TanneGoat..
Tannehill really is the most underrated QB in the league.
✊🏾 Titan Up ✊🏾
LOL shouldve taken the PAT HAHAHAHA
Texans going for a 2 point conversion when they are up by 7.. No faith in their defense, smh
Why go for 2 pt in late 4th quarter when you have a 36 to 29 lead and a field goal would put you at at a 8 point lead..
https://youtu.be/D6-R3gKsXJc
NFL rule if a player catches a pass, can the same foot touch the ground on 2 separate occasion an it count as 2 feet in bounds?
Everything Watson throws is behind his receiver or too low, I'd trade him
Heck of a game, titans offense looks really good and Texans fought their tails off. Great game by both teams, and Texans shouldn’t be ashamed lost to a better team
I kinda feel sorry for the Texans. They do look like a whole different team now that they finally got rid of BoB. They look inspired and I hope they can get together a few more W coming up.
I know Henry is a beast but did anyone peep him getting trucked on 3:30 ? 😭
We’ve really lost the meaning of the word “highlight” with these algorithms...
Houston needs a mlb bad! they got ate up bye the o line. Every time Henry got past the first level theTexans got gashed. Maybe go to the FA and sign Woodward because those guys suck.
Awesome game!!
Where Marcus at bruh
10:44 that boy sus
Derrick Henry is truly something special and an absolute beast, wish he was on my team
TDBarrett I bet was hype
Surefire finalist for Game of the Year
that last drive to tie the game by the titans was masterful
so why did Texans go for 2 pt in 4th quarter and missed? even the extra point would have forced titans to attempt 2 pt and may be Texans could have stopped them?
Thoughts:  - Obviously Tannehill and Henry did what they needed to do, be those outstanding players. I think mcnichols really showed up and did an amazing job!  _That Titans catch to send it into OT will forever be controversial. If the Texans won, the Titans got robbed. When the Titans won, the Texans got robbed. That may be one of the most grey area calls I've seen in quite awhile..  -Why Why Why, did Houston go for 2? I love that they did, but damn did it backfire! I know hindsight is 20/20, and QB couching is worthless, but I have trouble figuring this one out. Was houston worried about a Saftey, because that would be the only reason to go for 2 afaik? The only scenario where this matters is the Titans score and half to go for two and miss it. It just seems wreckless considering how the Houston Defense played for the whole game..  Good game! Houston, you made us earn it, almost undeservedly, which actually is a theme for this year/decade.
As a Texans fan gg and I hope Derrick Henry has a great career
If titans defense was as good as it once was they'd be unstoppable
10:43 🤣🤣🤣🤣
How did the Titans not recover that fumble in 7:20??
These two teams could have easily beat any team in the NFL - that includes Kansas City and Seattle. Houston and Tennessee  played the best regular season football games this year.
@ 6:45  He pushed him towards the balls lol still couldn’t catch it
What's the difference between getting hit by a truck and stiffarmed by Derrick Henry?   Nothing. Just accept your fate.
9:44 high-class move by 24 to let go of the ankles
https://youtu.be/aE6DVwHoM4E watch this
home
14:26 grown man play
My whole fantasy doubted me when I picked Derrick Henry as my first pick
Marshawn Lynch: Beast Mode  Derrick Henry: Beast Code
5:21 best and most unique celebration ive ever seen in the NFL, over my 20 plus years of watching
My 👑 Henry be running with power of a million soldiers
Bro tannehil absolute money on the last drive in 4thQ
The Titans are lucky that Henry is a good runner. They won't be so lucky next week against Pittsburgh's defense.
Derek Henry is like a cheat code. That big a man shouldn’t be that fast. But he is. He’s the real deal...
Some 100 yard games rushing are down games for Henry!
Ok who has the ball 🤷‍♂️Derrick Henry ok let him run.🏃🏿‍♂️
Henry is the best back in football and the mvp of the Titans.
So that last aj brown TD was that a TD or did his knee hit out of bounds..
Titans going to Super bowl. And yes I said it🤷🏿‍♂️. Titans vs Seahawks in the super bowl💯 let me know if you want to argue
Derrick Henery is the Black air Forces of the NFL😭😭😭😂😂😂
This is a Derrick Henry Stan account!
Derrick Henry is Larry Csonka with speed.
Deshaun Watson talent being wasted in Houston🤦🏿‍♂️
14:24 - This man Reid (#20) didn't even WANT to try tackling Henry 😂😂😂 TITANUP!
Henry is soo fun to watch. Titans should just switch to a wing T offense and hand him the ball 40 times a game lol just kidding
@13:38 for any texans fans who say it wasn't caught
King Henry is back
Titans going to the ship playing like this 💯
As much as it hurt to see the Texans lose this game, we at least held our own into overtime against an undefeated team. I’m glad we’re seeing improvements.
You can tell nobody on defense is trying to tackle Derrick Henry.
So is it wrong to think that every time the Titans have the ball on the 5 yard line, Derrick Henry will go ham and get a 95 yard touchdown run?
Henry Thanos
I put the video on .25 speed and Browns knee touched out of bounds like a millisecond before his second foot. I dont really care about the outcome of the game because theres no telling whether or not the titans would have scored on the next play, but yeah browns knee touched just before.
If the titans be covid they can beat anybody !!
What a freakin game!!!
I like watching Ryan throwing passes
As a texans fan, I dont care that we lost this game. I'm just glad that we are looking alot better than we were when we had bill as the coach. It's not too late to make a comeback on the season. We are starting to play well and if the defense can make stops who knows maybe we can barely clinch a wildcard spot. That's alot to say but I'm proud they're playing better without obrien. Good game
I don’t know why but I just want to see derrick Henry run over tyreek hill.
OJ Simpson > Henry
Do yall still think Christian McCaffrey is better than Derick!! I didn't think so
I'm glad we can sit back and enjoy the greatness of Derrick Henry while we can because we haven't seen a back like him in a long time and I doubt we will see another like him
That was a very bad play by Texans at the end. Why in the world would they go for 2 points?? Just kick a field goal
The Texans could of easily been 4-2 but bill O’Brien set this team back about 2-3 years
Does anyone else think that someone went and made a broken running back in Madden '05 with 99 on all stats and just named him "D. Henry"?
The fact a very crippled team who just got rid of their cancer of a GM/coach, and is kind of coachless right now, got so close to beating the titans, should make any titans fan afraid when the Texans get back on their feet
Henry looks like that one kid playing Peewee that you know is to old for the age group but you just cant prove it
Yk Henry is great when every comment is about him
Goddamn, our defense is weak. Can we please get an actual DC, instead of a part-time DC/HC??? Anyway, 5-0!  #TitanUp
That's a spirit crusher.
The Titans with their weekly dose of heart attacks to their fans
Yeahh it looks like a regression by Tannehill. He's playing in a MVP Level
After watching Vrabel play here in New England I expected him to be good, but this good, this fast.  Ballsy move, keeping Tannehill and passing on his boy Brady this winter.  I could see Tennessee in the Super Bowl (assuming the NFL makes it through all 18 or 19 weeks or whatever it's going to take).  Pretty sure today proved it's not going to be New England from the AFC.  Gotta love the Chiefs, and Baltimore, Pittsburgh, and even Las Vegas (that feels weird to type) could be there too, but Derrick Henry... BOOM!
Every time i happen to tune into a Titans game Malcolm Butler is getting burned or giving up big plays
Tennessee oline is like the freakin Great Wall of China
Henry got his running style from watching Forest Gump.
I think the Titans are legit contenders now
Nobody wanna end up on the highlight reel like Josh Norman lmao.
Its crazy how all the people who are complaining about going for 2 would of been the same people complaining & asking why we didnt go for 2 lol It was a good call & a GREAT game & as a Texans fan I think we'll b aight 🤘#itwasntatd
Did you see Henry and Watt together after the game? Those guys are about the same size! Also what happened to Delani Walker? He probably never made it back after that nasty ankle injury.
Man that was a wild game. 600 yards of offense by the titans. Texans fought tooth and nail for sure nothing to be ashamed of there. Defense will be watching a bit of film on both teams though. Henry was a beast again. Can the titans hang with the Steelers though? We will see... Hope so..
They are differrrrrrnt now 😂😂💯
Derrick Henrys legendary performance is kinda overshadowing Tannehills rise to a top 5 qb
Why do they always show Tannehills family in the stands lol
Derrick Henry will have a statue in canton. There are men among boys, and there are derrick henrys among men.
Titan Up Baby!
Henry The TANK!
I’m from bmore luv tf out my Ravens but being a Watson fan of him overall as a man n player I would want either a trade or require more help to keep me far as offensive line he always scrabbles for his life cuhz or have to make plays alone he has no real help they traded D Hop n replaced him with basically nothing in return they degrading him as a Elite QB and if given right linemen n targets on offense he will be great but me being ravens fan n I’m from bmore Lamar Jackson Ravens all the way lol but I feel like that with Watson Wentz n couple other QBs if given weapons like Mahomes tell me Watson couldnt be great or others 👌🏽👌🏽
coming from a cheifs fan, the titans O line is godly and mixed with derek henry😳 omg
What was the point of going for two
*Steelers >* titans
That Man Derrick Henry Runs With Authority
Smh another stupid coach decision and being greedy
Since head coach being fired Houston is playing with fight and they are looking really good !!!! This was a very good game , Henry is incredible you can’t stop that mans shine.
Derrick Henry has been ripping off these soul crushing late game runs for so many years. He wears the defense down and gets them in the end. There’s something so majestic and graceful about him. He’s huge but runs outside the tackles better than anyone...
Derrick Henry a beast! 😤
Anyone see Watson's reaction to losing the coin toss in OT? He wanted the ball so bad
I think Derrick Henry is one of those “Compound V” babies from “The Boys” on Amazon!
U wanna tell me that Derrick henry is not worth more than 1/4 Ryan tannehill's contact to the Titans???
As a phins fan, I’m glad Tannehill is doing well and I’m sorry Philbin and Gase didn’t use him well
So are we really gonna act like aj Brown knee didn’t touch out of bounds before his left foot ? I mean I know its almost simultaneous but it’s so clear once you pauses frame for frame that HIS KNEE IS INDEED OUT OF BOUNDS before his left foot touches. It’s not even a tenth of a second but this is a filthy rich organization and i refuse to believe that they don’t have quality enough equipment to review plays like this. Aj brown did not complete that touchdown, I can’t help but feel we were robbed by their refs. Such a bad call.
BIG MAN WITH BALL! 🏉
Titans are LEGIT.
You see an absolute unit running full speed at you, your job is to stop him at all costs, do you go for it and let your manhood fade away or do you step aside and let your manhood fade away?
That 4th quarter had me pop'n blood pressure pills like Tic Tacs. Titan Up!!
I use to Create guys like Derrick Henry on Video games.
Could we start putting some respec on Tennessee's name already?! Titoons no more! #ATNPodcast
5-0
Texans suck
Tennessee didn’t win this game.. Houston just lost it smh
Steelers fans here. I hate that y’all have to depend on Henry, the game already won.
GAME OF THE YEAR SO FAR.
Running 21.6 mph on that run. Can you imagine trying to step in front of a guy that big coming at a full speed of 21 mph?  That would be like getting run over by a train.
Up 7, 2 mins left and you go for 2? Interim coach indeed.
Houston really did well considering what the organization has been through this year
Cant wait to see the Pittsburgh Steelers play the Tennesee Fighting Derrick Henry's
Was hernry 100% completion i didn't see not one drop ball ?
Bruhhh Houston really ??????😂😂😭😭😭
Henry vs Steelers Defense 👀 hope my Steelers can stop him like they did Barkley
that boi henry a juggernaut
Hail to King Henry!!
Even with D hop I still think they get the same record, Texans schedule was difficult.
This the Derrick we’ve all been waiting for
Watson need some help.
Derrick Henry been a beast since them Alabama days
im a titans fan this year. jax jag native
Derrick Henry is quickly turning into my favorite NFL player.
6'4 250 lbs and runs a 4.4 40. Derrick Henry is a cheat code.
Henry = MVP.  But we know the NFL would give it to a QB if the season ended today.
Break the nfl.do not watch
This is why we love football!! Great game guys. Smfh!!!!!!
he dropped 40 for me in Fantasy
As a Saint fan mmmmmman I’m glad Henry’s not in our division “GOD DAMN”!!!!!!! Somebody needs to call security 😲🤕
Wow, Henry is such an awesome player.
Imagine Patrick Mahomes and Derrick Henry on the same team. While you’re at it, give them Michael Thomas and DHop. Good luck stopping them.
The Texans EXPOSED Our DEFENSE! WE simply Cannot Play Like This Against The Steelers.  We Are Dead LAST On 3rd Down Defense. We Need to Get Other Teams Off the Field Quicker! #TitanUp
I'm so excited for the titansbits their time!!! #titanup
Game of the year so far
the game of the week for week 7 is titans-steelers for me.
Titans always find a way to raise my stress every Sunday. It was one hell of a game so cheers to the Texans for making a divisional game down to the wire.
i may be a colts fan but i got nothing but love and respect for the titans they’re looking good this season
Game of the Weekend to me, that was exciting to watch in the 4th!! Competitive and down to the wire, cant stand either team but respect to them for giving us a good aas game to watch, the game game happens tomorrow night, Chiefs will feast on Buffalo, will ba shootout tho Bills are no punks!!
y go for 2 you should have went up 8 and even if they score converting for 2 is way harder than the extra point bad call
1 heck of a division game
This fool Henry is just having a "light jog" and still out runs the secondary
How come 41 didn't hit derek henry and jump instead @ 9:09 oh my
Derrick Henry, speed of Eric Dickerson, power of Earl Campbell.
Texans D needs to get some life in them. J.J. told everyone for few years he couldn't date woman because he was to dedicated to football. Well you can see by hid play that is not the case now. And just a FYI moment Titans coach used to be a Texans coach.
How come #41 didn't hit derek henry and jump instead @9:09 like omg
13:22 lmaooooo Aj Brown said.. f**k the Texans lmaoooooo
Good win for the Titans, but overtime rules in the NFL suck. Every other sports sanction has a timed overtime and the game isn't over until the clock runs out. Not who scores first
Everyone talking henry but Ryan had 3 td passes Edit:4 td passes
What a game for Derrick Henry. 200+ rushing yards and he got the hat trick. Forget OPOY. He could be MVP for this szn
Fells is a giant wtf
Steelers vs titans ? Derrick Henry vs Steelers defense ? What y’all think ? 🤔
Best back in game? Who y'all top 3??
I want to see what KC can do about that lol
Good thing Henry is 6 ft + and 250. How the hell else could he carry an entire organization.
ride or die since "97" air mcnair/ VY / super mariota and now tanny titans fan from tha bay area  TITANUP ⚔
This is why the nfl's mvp is nonsense. Clearly the best running back in the league. Freak of nature. Big o-line QB is good thought Mia simply lact the o line to give him a chance always showed good accuracy but looks like hes improved from deep. Texans need to start fresh rebuild I think if healthy they have cook and fuller who are good pieces . they need make decision on whether there going be passing team like colts with manning or focus on clock management like Brady and limit how much Watson has to due and build the roster accordingly. Watson should not sign another deal if there not in the playoffs much after the deal j Watts is legit hall of fame still best player on there line at his age kinda wish he would have left to a more competitive team. Texans aren't a great team but the off combo between rb QB for titans along with the off cord have found a rhythm and the def is pretty good was last year as well . think titans will win 9 10 games if there key players stay healthy
I feel so bad for Watson that dude is legit
Poor Watson smh and malcom butler has been bad since he came to the titans imo
The Texans will miss playoffs
Texans defense looks like it doesn't want to win they just showing up for a paycheck
I don't know man, there's just something about the Texans. No matter how good we get, something about playing the Texans makes me nervous every time and I don't know why. I'm glad we won today, but still...
Cameraman at 14:30 was just as hyped as them. Dude even joined the celebration
As a QB  Derrick Henry makes life a helluva lot easier for you...just hand him the ball and watch him run would be tacklers over.
Some say Derrick Henry is still running somewhere in Tennessee.
HATE NFL OT....stupid . College does it right. NFL rule is moronic
The Titans are so fun to watch honestly great game.
You're up 36-29 and instead of kicking the field goal to be up by 8, you go for 2 to be up by 9. And fail. Giving the other team the easier opportunity to tie you with a 7 point score. Makes zero sense.
What a game Derrick Henry unstoppable
that 2 minutes drill by tannehill is textbook. Give more credit for the man!
Henry always makes the best defensive teams look the worst for example what he did to the texans today and what he did to the jaguars 2 years ago
Even with the Texans losing you can clearly see that it was definitely Billy o Brian that held them back. If he was still the coach they would of gotten blown out.
The Boooooysss 5-0 babyy.
The kicking was bad in this game
https://youtu.be/kNsQQQu1YjU
Good Game Houston.... keep your head up..
I didnt remember Henry being that huge. Dude is a beast.
BRO THEY ARE SCARED TO TACKLE HENRY UP HIGH AND LOW! Mans a whole cheat code!!! 😂🤣😂🤣 good game Houston
Having Derrick Henry in your team is cheating.
idk on that last one the ruled will fuller out of bounds against the vikings and that brown catch seems rlly close
I’m looking forward to Steelers and Titans. Gonna be a crazy game.
I'm naming my first born Derrick Henry. He doesn't need my last name. Just, Derrick Henry.
5:20 wtf is that dance😂😂
Texans gotta step up their defense
Henry needs to be in the MVP conversation
Game of the week right here!  (Bear Down)
Man Henry is a beast
This was just an edge of your seat game which I think makes it a great game! Well done to both teams!
7:27 There are only 2 QB in the league right now that can make that kind of throw. One is Watson and the other one is Mahomes.  Yeah I know we lost, but a great game nevertheless. Easily Game of The Week for me.   Congrats Titans. You guys should go all the way. Henry & Tanehill are killing it! Make it 6-0 next week againts The Steelers.  AFC South & Proud🤜🏻🤛🏻
I'm glad Titans won but why wouldn't Houston kick extra point  and make titans have to go for 2 i know they thought they could push lead to 9 and game over but still
Chiefs V Titans... Everyone knows _-_
Big Jeff Smiling at the King after the winning Touchdown. That's one of the best moments ever shared in Titans football history.
Different  coach but same results  for Houston. But you exposed the Titans letting a garbage team take them into OT at home.
Man, It's a good year to be a Titans fan. Some of us have hung through some really frustrating times. 9-7 four years in a row is better than losing seasons every year but this is new and feels really good. Not like 08. Better. Legit.
why did the texans go for two they couldve kicked the field goal and went up 8 terrible call
Texans balling without the head coach watch out
Get your hands off my throat I can't breathe, please let me choke
There were a lot of cheap pass interference call this week
Derrick Henry diff
CAN WE GET MY MAN WATSON SOMETHING OTHER THAN PYLONS FOR A DEFENSE!?!? No disrespect to Henry, he’s an absolute beast of a football player, and tannehill is the most criminally underrated QB in the league, but EVERY GAME it feels like the Texans are getting 35+ dropped on their head, Watson is balling out this season after loosing his #1 option, maybe the best WR in the league, while running for his life, getting physically annihilated, and watching his defense do their best 2017 Browns impersonation. Sign some respectable defensive players or get this man outta Houston where he has a chance
9:08. That's sketchy as hell with the LB not even trying to tackle henry.
Dude Derrick Henry is gonna be a Hall of Famer if he keeps playing at this level
Henry is a true definition of a real 'TITAN
y u guys follow vikings football?? how did that turn out?
Like, it amazes me how long Butler's career has been elongated simply because of that Superbowl play. Dude is ass butter.
Titan Up
Great game. Tannenhill look like Steve  Young in the 89 super bowl. Cincinnati still my squad though. Always faithful. Semper Fi.
Texans defense lost that game for the team. Smh.  Deshaun Watson deserves so much better
O'Brian or Not Texans still lost the game. What's the dam excuse now? We need a new QB and players!!!
Derrick “The Human Juggernaut” Henry! He improved his game from last year that boy is a beast...
what a horrible call to go for 2 as a new coach who needs a win.
So glad we are using cooks now
titans is a complete team great offense line great running game great defense and decent QB
Good ass game
Long live the king! 👑
Derrick Henry is from another planet...holy cow!!!
I was expecting the titans to wipe the floor with them. Unfortunately on the last Texans touchdown they went for 2 allowing the titans to tie the game at the last second. Texas still seems to have a coaching problem.
That was some good football to watch.
I love it. The headline will be how the texans lost.. Keep it that way.. Us TITANS fan don't mind it one bit.. :)
I don't know the numbers but I feel like in 5 weeks tannehill will have more wins with Tennessee than with Miami
Derrick Henry is a powerhouse with speed
Different Texans coach, same stupid decisions.  Kick the PAT after their last TD, make the Titans get a TD and a 2 point conversion to tie.  Jimmy Johnson must be laughing his ass off.
why did the texans go for 2 points at the end? make tennesse go the entire field and then convert a 2 point. Seems like a prime example why more often than not you don't leave a black person in charge of a team , this is what happens and romeo's record proves it. Jimmy the Greek had it right
WHEN THE TEXANS SCORED 36 POINTS THEY SHOULD HAVE WENT FOR THE FIELD-GOAL AND NOT A TWO POINT CONVERSION THEY SHOULD HAVE FORCED THE TITANS TO GO FOR A 2 POINT CONVER AND LET ALL OF THE PRESSURE BE ON THEIR SHOULDERS!!!
This game though cost Titans a lot with injuries (possibly season ending) to Taylor Lewan, and leg injury to tight end Jonnu Smith.  It's sad when that happens.  Titans already miss TE Pruitt and WR Davis to Covid, along with other defense secondaries.   And Simmons appear to have injured himself also on his last defensive play, although the guy who replaced him while he has Covid during Bills game played spectacular as well.
Mike Vrabel is a heckuva coach
Damn AFC south matches are always so intense
Every time the Texans lose us Dolphin fans get giddy. Thanks for the pick Bill.
Corona couldn’t keep Adam down! He came ready to play; those first downs kept us in the game.
Spectacular!
Titan's did a 10v11 to get that TD in.
Great game by both teams
The best game I've seen this season. Game of the year early nominee
Vrabel always trying to switch the offense in the 2nd half and it be messing up everything  don't fix something if its not broken
That was a pathetic tackle by #20 with the game on the line 😂 Congrats Tennessee
Titan's 2-minute is the most polished in the league.
10:44
That last play was disrespectful lol 😆 😂 🤣 I love it!!!!
No” NFL fame
Good game!!
Damn y’all really want to give Miami the number 1 overall pick  I’ll take it
I didn't realize Henry had a second gear!
To heck with records, I knew this was gonna be a tough game. Watson is Watson, the Texans have owned the division the past few years, and division games ARE ALWAYS tough. It’s great to be 5–0 at this point, but to compete with the Steelers, Ravens and Chiefs the D HAS to be better than this. The Colts are gonna be tough, too.....but there’s no quit in this team. I love what Vrabel is doing.
Tennessee gotta Titan up on D
King Henry!!! That man is not human. Impossible to tackle.
Henry is unstoppable right now. Start considering him for MVP.
Watson finna be a Andrew Luck 2.0 in that terrible franchise
The leap that Henry did was crazy. He did it after and not before the hit and still he was able to push himself through. That’s some crazy leg power! A goddamn freak, this king is!!!
New coach, new results
I think gostowski needs to look for a new career
We all should convince by now the NFL is rigged . The coach went with the agenda by giving the game away to the highest bidder . Why would Romeo went for two points knowing damn well it's hard to score against the Titans in the red zone
Wowww Steelers need a plan for Henry
Texans should release David Johnson
Henry is a monster!!
Expecting to see titans chiefs back in the AFC Championship game
not a texans fan but that was stupid to go for two towards the end of the 4th quarter. kick the extra point . you are uo by 3. the best that Tennessee can do is tie with a touchdown and a 2 point conversion.
Can we just say that Derrick Henry is the best running back in the league right now 🤷🏾‍♂️
Henry 🏈👑 MVP
Arizona:D.Johnson has lost a step and can’t give you that explosive run anymore  Bill O’Brien:is he available
Derrick Henry still not getting the credit and pay he deserves.
HOW DO YOU GO FOR TWO UP BY 7 with under 2 minutes to go? Inexcusable. Texans deserved to lose by that bonehead decision.
My Texans played a heck of game. Very impressed with the turn around they've done since getting rid of BoB. Secondary needs work and the o line but still a vast improvement in just a little time. Gotta admit Henry is an absolute beast!! Think it's the best game of the year so far!!
Tannehill great quarterback🏈👏👍
Brea-KING tackles!  Ma-KING yards!  Sha-KING off defenders! Ta-KING over the game! Everyone tal-KING about... Fuc-KING HENRY!!
Up next for Texans is Packers.  I really don't understand why Texans is not Number 1 on Strength of Schedule given its strength of schedule.
05:35 ...so nobody saw that stiff arm?
Texans and titans is probably the most wholesome rivalry
Titans went all Seahawksy
Hummer Henry 22 king henry 🏈👑
Derrick Henry!
I’m glad that jj is still out there
I feel sorry for Watson guy barely has any options on offense he had to play under O’Brien  who traded Hopkins smh . Henry a beast tho
Derrick Henry is a god but can we talk about Tannehills glow up since he started for the Titans like geez he's a whole ass different QB
Derrick Henry is on a mission.
It looks like the entire Texan secondary did an “Ole” when they saw Henry make it past the linebackers!!🤦‍♂️🤣. They didn’t want to be on the stiff arm highlight reel. But then again, if I had a bull named Henry running at me I would “Ole” too.😭😂🤣
DERRICK HENRYYY 😄💚
Titans are the team to beat this year. Wow.
They want no part of Henry!!
J.J. Watt's jersey number is 99. Number of career sacks he made is 99.
Titans lowkey doing the Seahawks' things. Does anyone notice it?
Tannehill doing Very Nice things nowadays
I thought the game was over and titans weren't going to cover. turned it off when texans scored with 1:50 left. I guess texans thought the game was over too lol. I will say I don't think the guy had 2 feet in on the touchdown. But I'll take it
King Henry does it again
Texans really know how to screw things up.lol
Don't forget to hit that like  Thank's !
Been a while since I saw the wildcat work in the nfl
9:06. All that offseason workout paid off. The cb couldn’t catch him
Hulk and Henry had a fight, the loser had to paint themselves green.
Why is are defense such trash this year
Best game of the year
I hate Texans defense a let down waiting to happen!!!
Not a Titans fan but "Let's go 17".
Derrick Henry MVP this season or na ? He’s definitely the cover of Madden 2021 or they should put him on the cover of Madden 2020 for the next gen consoles !!
They all talking bout Derrick Henry but where’s aj browns credit he’s the one that put them in ot or they would have lost😕
Texans tried to be slick going for that 2 point conversion. That's a no no against my Titans bro.
I've been saying this for years now, Titans games are always crazy!
Such a tough game to watch as a Texans fan. Respect to Derrick “the king” Henry and Tannehill. It was tough to see Deshaun play his heart out and still lose
Dios habla x medio de la profecía Dios sana libertad hace milagros Dios vivi en espíritu es verdadero Dios gobierna la idmji mira Fundación x todo el mundo La obra lo hace el diablo es un espíritu Nuestro señor Jesucristo sana el virus La vacuna es llegar a la Iglesia de Dios Ministerial Jesucristo internacional Www idmji org. Oficial Dios habla x medio de la profecía Dios sana libertad hace milagros Dios vivi en espíritu es verdadero Dios gobierna la idmji mira Fundación x todo el mundo La obra lo hace el diablo es un espíritu Nuestro señor Jesucristo sana el virus La vacuna es llegar a la Iglesia de Dios Ministerial Jesucristo internacional Www idmji org. Oficial
This was just so beautiful to watch so proud of the Titans and that MAN #22 Henry he deadly 🥴 ..this definitely a comeback for the history books ..👍🏾
These Titans are for real. How many times out their first 5 wins have they barely gotten by or it comes down to the last play? The heart of this team alone has to make them one of if not the most dangerous team in, at least, the AFC through week 6. Texans have plenty of heart as well, it's just a shame that they have been on the losing end of some great ball games
If you ask me, I say that nothing can stop the Titans this season. Sure, the game entered overtime, but they got a TD to seal in the win.
Done Texans can't tackle recycling coach
"Football Sunday" was this game right here..
Dude king Henry so good bro
What a game!! #TitanUp
Everyone is sleeping on Tannehill. The man is certainly showing us he is one damn clutch QB in crunch times
I will be surprise if Romeo Crennel has a job after this season.  Why the heck did he go for 2 point conversion when an extra point put you up by 8 points?
Titans have two potential MVPs playing right now
Wtf did he go for 2 kick the fg you up by 8 smh
I ain’t knew he was fast too 😂🤦🏾‍♂️ ... 9:03
Houston: I have an army! Mike Vrabel: We have a bulldozer. Derrick Henry: *charging rapidly*
We aren’t gonna talk about how that wasn’t a touchdown?
Titans/Steelers next weekend is going to be a BEASTLY showdown!
The titans are greai with mike vrabel as coach !
What's up with Will Fuller and that electrical tape he's got on his arms?
I think the reason Henry always get so many yards is bc every bodies scared to get in his way
Are we ready to give Henry best running back in the nfl yet
Blasingame and cunningham former vanderbilt teammates and both are wearing 41
Titan up we are playing insanely good right now and we gone have to get even better for next week against Steelers so proud of us TITANUP💙❤️
For real if fairbairn didnt miss the XP we would have lost
Much like last year. If Titans get their run game going with consistency. It's big trouble for opposing team. Houston came to play. And just got ran over in the end.
How many 90+ yard touchdowns will he have once he retires is the legit question?
I wonder if BoB would have kicked a FG at that final Texans TD? Crazy play, and probably cost them the game
Why don't JJ come to the Steelers with his undefeated brothers the watt family can all celebrate a super bowl together
Tannehill looks sharp! Titans fans, you’re set at QB and RB (etc., etc.!). Henry is an amalgam of Marshawn Lynch and Jamaal Charles! Awesome TD run! The season looks good so far. You’ve already beaten relatively good teams, too. 👍
What a great win. I turned it off in the 4th quarter to run some errands. But checked the boxscores later to see that they won it in overtime....nice!
Derrick Henry is the league's new Marshawn Lynch. #Respect -A Seahawks Fan
Good game!
Haven't seen an AFC South game this entertaining in a LONG time.
There should be a weekly "Survived Derrick Henry" award given to the lucky player that manages to tackle him during a game
The cool thing about being 5-0 is that you get the chance to be 6-0!!!💪🏼
That was definitely not a touchdown, his knee was out before his second foot
Henry a baaaaad bad man. Gotta be one of the funnest players in the game to watch right now.
I just saw the highlights, but why did they go for 2 when it was 36-29?  I would kick the PAT and make them get a two-point conversion to send the game to OT.
Aj Brown underrated
Derek Henry is a BEAST. I’m a die hard Bills fan, Titans whooped our ass last week...I think they’ve got the juice to get to the SB this year. Them, KC, Pitt, Baltimore..
Derrick Henry is the best back in football. He block like an online and he can run it.
D Henry.  The Moses of the NFL.  When he has the ball in his hands, he parts the sea of defenders.
I think its safe to say every week somebody is gonna get embarrassed by King Henry 👑
What a game ..
So Derick Henry pulled a ronnie brown to win the game lol
699 yards and eight touchdowns combined between Watson and Tannehill on 58-of-78 passing.
9:08 HENRY IS BIG AND FAST!!!! AMAZING!!!!
Why was Texans not going out of bounds before the second half? 3 straight plays they literally fell on the ground right next to the sideline.
What a heartbreaker for Houston, they just can't get it going this year.
TITAN UP!!!!!!!
Derrick Henry feels like the second coming of Tecmo Bowl Bo Jackson.
Go Tennessee Titans going too win super bowl 55 this year Titansup 19-0
Bro what a drive to go to OT wtf 😂😭 Most clutch dub I’ve seen in a while
Henry raising running backs stock again
Should've kicked the extra point, Texans.
Titans will win the superbowl this year.
In the words on Michael irvin, "Derek Henry, is a BEAST!!!"
Henry was clearly a beast in college and all the experts were like you shouldnt draft him because you can find good RB late in the draft. No you can't find a 6'2" 250 beast that can run a 4.5 with good hands late in the draft.  This myth needs to die.
MVP type season
When the Texans went for 2 toward the end of the 4th, That told me how confident their coach was in the Titans ability to score a TD in under 2 minutes.
All this Henry talk is cool and all but can we talk about how Tannehill is tearing it up right now?! 🔥
Hahahahah. And kids this is exactly why you don't give a guy who has done LITTERALLY NOTHING, 160 million over 4 years. Hahahahhaahhahahhahahahhah. THE TEXANS ARE THE NEW BROWNS!!!!!!
And, then were three unbeatens.  Seahawks Steelers Titans
Amazing game, best of season so far.
David johnson had 1 run over 3 yds. he sucks
What a horrible call on touchdown pass receiver did not get foot down.
They seems to can’t bring down Henry on first contact 🤣🤣🤣
Derrick Henry is a beast, man. Probably he will be between the selected for "Best Offensive Player Of The Year".
Geesh y’all Titian’s need a new kicker
kickers are inconsistent so much teams ahould just go for 2 instead of extra points
People really thought it wasn’t a good idea to keep Henry? lol
Thanks Titans! making those Texans picks look better for the Dolphins😉
at least the texans have a coach...? made adjustments and made a clear run away win into a fight, too bad the Titans have Henry so aint no helping it
Was that really a TD? Dude's knee wasn't out of bounds already before his other foot touched the ground? Up by 1 near the end of the 4th, and go for it on 4th down instead of taking the FG to be up by 4...that's balls. Then go for the 2 instead of the 1 to put it away was just crazy. Absolutely 0 confidence in the defense.
Been watching the pats for 25 years ... still a fan and always will be . We suck but I’ll NEVER give up loyalty , due to winning home town all day.
Game of the year, hands down.
Tannehill, Henry, and Brown🔥🔥🔥
Is no-one else going to question why the Texans went for an extra two points when they could have forced Titans to go for an extra 2 with just a kick?
I blame this Texans loss on the coach. Why go for a 2 point conversation lol. Your already ahead.
A state with the most band wagon fans I’ve ever seen... colts then Denver... now their home team state...🤣😂🤣😂make your minds up.
Excellent job mr vrabel ...
That last TD in regulation was a home call given. #onceagaintherefwinsthegame
Funny now that the vols suck yet again and everyone here “ hates the nfl” now that the titans are kicking ass these people now watch nfl... hypocrisy at its best.
3:14 the mans foot on the line ?
My daughters first titans game and what an amazing game it was! #TITANUP
I say it again  refs in the NFL suck calling the games omg the last touchdown in the corner was no touchdown knee was out the other foot never landed on the ground
Old senile Texans head coach,what a bonehead call!!!!!
And they got vabrel as a head coach I forgot they are patriot bound to happen as in championship team
Wow. Texans are becoming like the Falcons. Gave up the lead towards the end.
5:55 is the worst commentary I've ever heard
Game of the Week 😀
Derrick Henry is a BEAST! Tannehill low key clutch tho.
Who y’all were going for  Titans=like Texans=comment
for the upcoming week i am confident about the steelers defense but henry is scary af
Old school rb in today game along with being able to spread the ball and got defense, I think titans got it to go to conference again,  think Pittsburgh might make it to, they played good Steelers ball and got a new wr that’s balling, that’s all Ben needs plus more from defense
Mama. There goes that man!
Great game!!
I sure hope Adoree will be back soon! That pass defense is on the struggle bus!
The Titans need a new kicker. He is trash
Best RB in the NFL lettzzz Goooo. GET THAT SB Championship u deserve it. D.Henry Love Respect 👏🏾👊🏾🙏💯🔥❤💪🏽
(Die hard Titans fan btw). This game was absolutely insane. I thought our defense was going to show up, but they didn't. I respect the heck out of Watson, man. Heck of a player. The Texans have their offense again, but that defense is going to take YEARS to rebuild. Good game, Texans. Pittsburg, you're next 😠
Tannehill and Henry are both monsters
Okay that PI was really iffy. I dont like that call at all
Not going to lie I want deshaun Watson on the titans no cap that would be nasty to watch and I’m a bengals fan
Analysts: TaNnEhIlL's PlAy Is NoT sUsTaInAbLe
Titans offense has been great this year. Havent been this potent in a while
King Henry! #BuiltByBama
We got robbed
Defense really blew it today. oh well
AJ BROWN IS SPECIAL
As a Titan fan I’m not surprised it was this close, everytime we play a divisional game I feel like we play differently and we always play worse than when we play other teams(unless we play Jags lmao) but we got it done, it was close and scary but a win is a win. 5-0 onto Pittsburgh
Is it tradition for Derick Henry every year to have a 90+ TD
Derrick Henry is a monster but it's no way the Texans shoulda lost this game, that defense is trash!
What are the analytics behind not taking the extra point at the end of the 4th quarter for the Texans?  WTF?
Wow wat a game 🙆🏿‍♂️..... after that early lead Titans deserved to win
Without O'Brien these last two games Watson has been ballin out. Fuller is looking like a #1wr too
5-0
We now know why Romeo’s mom didn’t name him Einstein.
music city miracle
Houston gave that game away,QB throwing behind, scared to run the ball and the kicker 👎🏽, Good game Titans
Texans went head to head with the best team in football. Nothing to be ashamed of. You guys played your best ball this season so far.
we all know what king henry can do. but man !! Tannehill is no joke he was ballin' ballin' . . . . . . . . . Ryan Tannehill: I want my damn respect too (LeBron's voice)
I feel so bad for Watson. You can see that he's looking for Hopkin's ghost..
This might be the year 💯💯💯 Titan Up
Texans coaching still sucks.
People scare to tackle king Henry
Titans are a hell of a team this year!
I think it’ll be titans vs buccaneers in the big game this year.
The Texans defense is trash.
If you don't love see Derrick Henry plays you don't love football that man IS A FREAK!! MR.HENRY THE HUMAN HIGHLIGHTREEL🔥🔥
Unreal!!!
wow only watched the highlights but this game was entertaining as hell
derrick henry > ezekiel elliot
crazy how when taneehill was with us (dolphins) i was telling everybody how raw he is... now he gets to show his talents
His name is Ryan Montanehill.  Respek.
If the Chiefs sleep on these Titans.......As Captain America said" Son....just DON'T "😁These men are Real.
Games with 200 rushing yards since 2018 😤  Derrick Henry: 3 Rest of NFL: 3
The refs gave us this one ☝️
F both teams but texans should of went for the field goal
I feel like people are scared to tackle Henry sometimes bc they are scared of getting posterized lol.
The offense is perfect the defense has to get it together. The Steelers are not the Texans.They are a championship caliber team with a solid defense. This going to be a good game to .🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥All hail king Henry
Houston defense sucks. Throw the whole defense away! Y’all talkin bout how good Henry is? Everybody than ran the ball averaged 10 yards per carry! 🤦🏽‍♂️
There was watching remember the titans over in over again
I have been watching Titans/Oilers since the 70s.... and I can only think opposing defenders sizing up a battle with Henry when he's rumbling feel the same as those did years ago when big Earl was steaming through the line.  Not great...
Texans have 0 run defense.
U just kick the extra point u probably win lol
Tennessee looking legit this year.
Nobody:   Derrick Henry in OT: Fine, I’ll do it myself.
They seriously need to nerf Derrick Henry...
U cant lie texans put up a fight
Why did Houston go for 2. I don't get it
I don't know why but Henry reminds me of Marshawn Lynch man.
Going for 2 romeo???  😂😂😂 pathetic!
Holy cow what a game
The Titans O-line is criminally underrated. Protecting Tannehill and then opening up those monster sized holes for Henry to run through, on a consistent basis, is no mean feat.
The last play is ridiculous. They not even pretending that they gon pass. Titans be like we gon give the ball to Henry straight up and you won't do nothin about it
From a SAINTS FAN. those Titans are legit,  and Henry a fkn ANIMAL
Titans need a DC ASAP, That shouldn't have been so close.
250lbs of henry that can probably run a 4.4.
Aye lets be real, the Titans shouldn’t call that a good game, they almost lost to a 1-5 team that’s in their division. Texans are back
Henry probably gives us an idea of what it was like to watch the great Jim Brown run the ball every week. Whoa!!!
Is Bill O’Brian still coaching or why would you go for 2 at the end of the game smh
Titans go to the Playoffs
Great game derrick henry is the best rb in the league right now
Y’all should be a ashamed
That's my team Go Titans!!!!
Yeah really
Who's that 22 Titan ☝
10:44 he sure enjoyed that tackle 😳
Henry looks like that player you create in madden with 99 on everything.
I love this team :)
WHY DID HOUSTON GO FOR TWO?
Romeo Crennel lost this game for the Texans.
And Flight still calls Henry Slow and a no name running back.
Nobody going to mention the Titans had 601 total yards of offense? This team is rolling!
man 1-5 gonna be hard to come back from, got gb coming in next week too. on the bright side we playing way better now
Texans should have signed Earl Thomas. His experience with covering Derrick Henry would've been invaluable.
Titans are the best AFC team.
Shao Khan to the Texans defense: "Its official! You suck!
Henry starting to be in the talks for one of the goats
Direct snap to Henry is nastyyy, good luck stopping that dude and his momentum
This has gotta be one of the best season in years
Game of the day!
Imagine being that poor saftey on the Texans, in OT with Henry breaking loose and your the last guy to possibly make a stop and not lose the game.
King Henry 👑💪🏾💪🏾
I love it, they let King Henry be the hero of this game 😎😂 hahaha
Derrick Henry lives up to the hype after defeating the evil empire for good.
1-5 to the playoffs don't count us out
titans better fix their ST issues or they might leave the playoffs early.
11:53 They had to be aiming at Lewan for this
8:54 you can just see he knew we was going to get hit
I see our defense still trash 😐 (mainly the secondary)
But we playing Pittsburgh’s D next week🥶
4:10 How 77 picked up 10 🥰😭❤️😂
Am a tennessee titans fan ever since they moved from houston used to be the oilers ,man they're still doing the same thing playing close games when they are beating the other team easy 😂😂 but I still love them let's go tennessee 💪💪💪💪
If it wasn’t for Derrick Henry tannehill wouldn’t be good and neither would the Titans
The OT touchdown play gave me the scariest feeling I've ever had in my life... 😳😨
Texans trade Deshaun Watson and Will Fuller to the  Saints for Jameis Winston and a 4th Rd pick in next years draft. -league reports
Niners fan but if the Titans had a speed back to compliment Henry, ur offense would be unstoppable
More like Deshaun Watson vs Derrick Henry
Great game. That drive at the end made the Titans look like a championship team.
titans need to stop giving fans heart attacks
So, nobodies going to ask why the Texans went for 2 instead of just kicking the xtra point to go up by 8? Also that Titans score at the end of regulation really shouldn't have counted only 1 foot in bounds. Texans got robbed BUT their D got ran over constantly by a M-1Henry tank so maybe the ref's felt the deserved to lose.
I understand why the Texans go for the 2-point conversion. Crennel wanted to ice the game at 38-29. I just don't agree with that decision, and it seems obvious why. If the Texans attempt the extra point there are two outcomes: they miss it, and are still up a touchdown and XP, or they make the XP and are up 8 points. The chances of making a 2-point conversion is historically a much lower percentage than the chances of making an XP.   So, it seems like based on percentages and risk vs reward, that kicking the XP and going up 8 points there is a no brainer.   Also, assuming the Texans make the XP, they would have to stop the Titans from going down the field, getting a touchdown AND making a 2-point conversion. Stopping the 2-point convesion is a more likely outcome than stopping the Titans from going down the field, getting a touchdown and making an XP (which they did).
Derrick Henry is a cheatcode.
Kings
Texans nearly won this one and won the last one this proves Oberian was the problem
This game was intense going into overtime. In the end, the Titans stayed undefeated thanks to Derrick Henry!
Tannehill needs more credit.  The guy has completely transformed this team since he's been starter.  Coming from a dolphins fan
Even though their game got delayed against Pittsburgh, I'm glad they both stayed Undefeated. I wish the game next week could get flexed to Sunday night football.
Houston lost because they didn't kick the extra point... wow... they deserve to go 1-15 with those dumb decisions... learn basic math...
Derrick Thomas...Boy oh Boy!!
Henry, him big.
The Texans continue their inferior intellectual ways.  If they had just kicked the extra point, it would have forced the Titans to go for 2 instead of kicking an extra point to get it to OT.  Dumb dumb dumb.
Great game
Great game!!!
You have to be suicidal to be able to have the guts to tackle Henry
taxans coach is a idiot for going for it
Found out the other day that Henry is bigger than the old Washington hogs back in the 80's.  Imagine Dave butz with 4.4 speed
Watson let down by his defense again smh horrible
Earl Campbell esque... Power running at its  best!! This guy made 11 defenders Miss and Look really bad Doing it btw!😆😆
Earl Campbell esque... Power running at its  best!! This guy made 11 defenders Miss and Look really bad Doing it btw!😆😆
Titans fan...glad i didnt watch it live...would have needed heart jumpstart a few times! When will they get enuf respect from some critics or so called experts!
Huge W for the boyyyyyssssss. Lets goooooo titans!
Titans are legit, always have been, on espn one of the guys was saying he trusted teams like the pats better than the titans, how does he have a job, in the afc my standings of right now go chiefs, steelers, titans, Ravens bills browns, and colts. As a bills fan, if the bills win they move up to third and chiefs go to 4th, if the chiefs win they stay at 1st and bills  stay the same
You know titans lost that game the ref just gave it to them the knee was out
Tannehill used to be a joke.  But then again handing off to Henry makes everyone an all-star
Next week is gunna be good
Derek henris’s pony tail thing makes him look like some kind of monster, but great game dude.
Rams fan here but damn what a game this was!! Titans deserve it fr!
Houston Texans at what used to be the Houston oilers.  Ironic
I know this is just highlight but my heart is going
Henry the best RUNNING back in the league
What a great game, this is why NFL is the greatest sport imo
GG. Henry sus
5joone9292929848029#(#(>%
Man I was really pulling for the Texans
The Tennessee Titans IS the best team in the NFL. But I know there's a lot of old "traditional" fans out there who still believe in tradition. Meaning they still believe that the Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Cowboys, Chicago Bears etc are still the best teams in the NFL! 😂
King Henry is one of the craziest genetic freaks out there lol.  Being that big strong and fast is just not fair 😂😭
Texans Defense: Im Scared of that Forearm ...
why did they go for the 2 point 🤦‍♂️
Texans team has nothing to be ashamed of. Though they lost, they played a great game. On the other hand, the IntheClutch boys ain't gon like this. The highlight commentary from the chiseled adonis is going to be something!
Come on
Houston lost
Henry runs like hes a Cyborg
just wow...wow
Derrick Henry is the most dominant player in the NFL, what a remarkable athlete.
Wow! Great game..My Titans showed heart and resilience. D Henry was great but Tannehill was phenominal!! Great TEAM WIN🏈🏈
That wasn’t a touchdown
O Henry!!
Here for Henry!
Derrick henry  is like a crazy storm, you may know is coming but what you gonna do about it
we look like an actual team now atleast without b.o.b
Fundamental law of the universe #6422: If you get the ball in overtime and give the ball to Derrick Henry, you will win the game.
king Henry drank ucky dark chocolate milk
As someone who is not a fan of either team, what a THRILLER of a game!
God bless the Oilers & my Titans!
The Texans won if they didn’t go for two.
Announcer made a good point though on Tannehill interception.   Arthur Smith needs to take note on ball placement so Kalif can have more room to separate.
Lets go titan up !!!!
That was dumb going for two when up by 7. Kick the extra point. Houston should have been up by 8. It would have forced Tenn. to score a TD and go for 2 just to tie the game.
Justin reed didnt want to tackle Henry on the last play my bet he was really injure
Yo who this mcknickles gut
That extra point miss by the Texans haunted them in the end
Ight I give  Texans credit  they hang in there against my titans but we sill won it ot titans up
Man tackling Derrick Henry is like trying to tackle a Clydesdale horse or in his case a war horse
That man AJ Brown a problem #titanup
I smell a undefeated season or 15-1 #titanup
The hardened pony tail gives Henry power!
anyone wanted to watch it again after
Love my Titans been loyal to the soil since day 1⚔️ #titanup!
I love the Titans let’s go
Titans fans know how good of a TE firkser truly is..dude has some hands
well...them Titans are for real !   Watson knew they were in trouble when that coin landed heads !   Henry is the Beast of the East !
A lot of people keep saying that Romeo Crennel should've just went for the field goal. It wouldn't matter because the Titans would've still tie the game 37-37 because the Texans' defense SUCKS.
deshaun watson is just the devin booker of the nfl
Tennessee is for real.
Johnson was useless and the Texans defense was afraid of Henry. Overall disappointing game for the Texans
Here’s the question: Is Tannehill a top 5 quarterback? Top 10?
For all those +3.5 +4 Texans bettors wow..   All you needed was a 4th down stop of Tennessee inside the 2 min warning and all the Titans would have needed was a FG to win..  Or even that stupid 2 pt convert call on Texans last TD..  What a bad defense.. JJ Watt should feel ashamed
FYI, the Texans have allowed 160 yards per game before this game, now the've allowed 177.5 yards per game...
Pause at 10:45
That run brings back good memories of CJ2K.
NFL OT is not fair, both teams should get the chance to drive regardless of who scored or not.
D Henry is the NEW CAM NEWTON
Texans: We fired Bill O'Brien! Now we'll win!  Titans: Allow us to introduce ourselves
5:19   🤣
Even tho they lost, the Texans look a million times better now that Billy O.b. was trash canned.
We 5-0 just like 2008.... ⚔️⚔️💪🗡️💯🛡️
We just different
This is compelemtary football at its finest.  Running game not just Henry now but Herny and McNichols.  Then you have Receivers with equal contributions between WRs and TEs.  And when they need the Kicker to bail them out, he does.  And when the Kicker needs to be baiiled out, they do.  Defense is OK but could stand some more improvement but they rise up and make great needed plays to make stops.
this already looks like game of the month
As Texans fan im either proud and dissapointend
What a game!!! Derrick Henry is one of my favorite football players of all time!
Was I the only one who thought on the Randall Cobb TD that the ball clearly hit the ground??
Henry and kamara the best backs in the league
This was a crazy game 😂
So far it looks like jj watt is the only one that can single handedly stop Derek Henry.
I must admit that at 29-36 I changed channels in disgust. To find out that the Titans eventually won , it goes to show how long I've suffered following this team , Houston Oilers as well. Loool
Mannn nobody want to tackle Henry. It’s comical.
Nobody wants to get stiffed armed into oblivion.
They Better find a solid D Lineman from somewhere..their not gonna get far with zero pass rush. They generate NO pressure. #MissingCasey #CheapTitans
Henrys' Dreadlocks are not for decoration
This man Henry is in his prime and already has a h.o.f. highlight reel.  That man is DIFFERENT! Titan up!
That Titans defense needs to get better but happy for the win #TitanUp
David Johnson only knows how to run straight.
What a game can’t wait to watch steelers Titans next week
Derrick Henry speed is just as lethal as his power and that’s transcendent. He can outrun safeties in game situations
Titan up
titans will have to bring in defense help  from practice squad.just find someone to help. texans did try play dirty and try take out Jeffery Simmons legs . but got call before they could do it again. henry  turn his running game around last week.  now titans are being smart using henry speed.   let praise  Mike Vrabel for the  two point call . when it happen.    let stop calling steve by his last name he ail every time.
9:04 Looks as if Marshawn passed Henry the Torch 🤜🏾🤛🏾
I know that the Titans won this game but can we get some respect for how hard the Texans tried tho
eagles vs ravens but the comeback team actually wins
No way the titans can hang w the Steelers.
I feel you on that one but now we've got to get ready for them Steelers next week TITAN UP
bruh titans are getting to damn lucky   but lets go 5-0
So far the closest game I've watched this season!
Lol why didnt texans take the extra point after last TD???????
Coaching is 80% of football with all things equal
The Titans are a big threat this season, wow!
The King Henry and Ryan Tannehill duo needs respect on their names
LETTTSSS GOOO #TITANUP
Thank you Derrick for the 40 points, I really needed that
I hope that the Hospitals in Tennessee have good heart service ..... 😂
That was an awesome game and that was Tannerhills best clutch performance .. and Derek Henry is an animal
Good game Titans fans. This lost was really the nail in the coffin. Our season was officially over after the Vikings game. GGs, enjoy the division.
Steelers vs Titans going to be lit 🔥
Great game!
TEXANS HOW FRICKIN STUPID, just kick the FRICKIN EXTRA POINT
this was one of the greatest endings ever. Well played Tennessee, well played
Tennessees defense is suspect. If they dont improve it, they will bounced in the 1st round. Im also curious to see how tannehill does against pittsburghs defense..
I was getting tired of the sport caster complaining about both teams the whole time. He bashed the titans at one point for not using a running back and how they spend allll this money on running backs to not use them
Watson knew we lost already when we lost the coin toss
Ryan Tannehill for MVP
Tough year for Houston sports! Congrats Titans on staying undefeated. 👏
The last Td was great but for one sec I thought it would be a pass to Tannehill from henry that would have been awesome
My stress 📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📈📉📉📉📉📉
Does anyone know if Titans have ever been 5-0? I'm so happy! I had a baby in my arms as Henry ran that in! Best silent I've ever had!
Derrick Henry is a BAAAAAD man!
Titans 5 an 0...   #2020
Kudos to King Henry!!!!!   Over Two Hundred yards today! Awesome win!   If Stephen Gostkowski could have made his kicks, we would have won it outright in regulation.   That blocked kick was a momentum shift for the Texan’s  -    kicker, he’s got one job.  Kick it through those uprights!
TITAN UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#DerrickHenry Is the real deal RB✊🏽🏈💯
As a dolphin 🐬  fan thank you titans
pain.
264 Rushing Yards Derrick Henry is a Running Fool...OMG...
Derrick Henry running like Hershel Walker
This Steelers titans game finna be sum else
212 is the Man!!! (= 2-dreadlock-2)
If Derrick Henry isn't the best running back in the league, tell me who is.
One again we prove how un reliable this defense is, I’m not mad at going for two but as soon as we didn’t score I knew the defense was gonna mess it up again, Good game Titans.
God Derrick Henry is just scary when he builds up a head of steam!! Just watch the would be tacklers attempt to get out of his way without it looking like their avoiding him. It's like that kid in Pop Warner that was 100 pounds bigger then anyone on the field and you just knew he had failed 6th grade like five times because of the stubble on his face.
Does titans have room for JJ Watt?
Tannehill has been consistent. This offense however goes thru Derrick Henry! 👑 Henry!!
Kick the extra point Texans ...i do not get that call going for 2 on the touchdown , had they just kicked the extra point their still ahead by 8 points & as it turns out would have won the game by a point ...crappy call by the texans coach to go for 2
Wooow. Henry is the best RB in the league. Prove me wrong! Wooow
LOL the "experts" were saying Tannehill was supposed to regress. Apparently not true.
They might have won if they would have kicked it instead of going for the 2
✨🎶-Welcome to TANNYSEE !!!!!!! 🎵✨
Titan up
Deshaun Watson definitely wish he had the Titans offensive line 😂
Derrick Henry is literally a Titan.
Our defense is horrible
RBT after this game:   I'M SO HAAAAAPPY!!!!!!!!
God needs to nerf Derrick Henry.
Tanneville
As an Eagles fan I know the feeling Texans. So close yet so far away.
It was false start by right tackle on last touchdown play
Derick Henry is literally a cheat code.
That celebration though 5:20
I know the Titans ended up winning anyway, but I gotta give props to that Texans DB on that long Henry reception in OT.  He knew the Henry train was coming, but he stood his ground and held on for dear life!  Wasn't pretty, but he got him down.
Are the Titans the best team in the NFL?
That was too close for comfort, imagine having 627 yards of offense and zero punts and almost losing. The Texans played well but this should not have been close.
Props to ALL the TITANS. Everybody’s head is in the game. #TeamTitans
After that decision by Romeo to go for 2 and not 1. Is the reason white GM won't hire black coaches. Way to set African American coaches back 10 years Romeo. SMH
now you know how it feels titan fans. Us hawks fans deal wit this every game.Derrick did great though
265 Total Yards +2 touchdowns for Henry, BEAST
It took Henry 10 strides to go 98 yds.
Derek Henry just ran over these dudes all day
Deshaun Watson does NOT deserve to be 1-5
That's what you called a reverse Philly special
If the refs call that obvious intentional grounding by tannehill, the titans don't win this game..  Also Brown's knee landed OUT OF BOUNDS.
9:09 he almost broke dude neck lol 😂
Texans GM “Let’s trade a top 3 receiver for the 32nd best back in the league”.  They can pay me half his salary and I’ll make dumb decisions too.
Watch out for them titans
Titans just find a way to win every time, big props to Mike Vrabel he's doing an amazing job !
Derrick Henry doesn't get tackled. He fell down.
He's not a dude, Zeke a dude. Henryis a MAN. A handsome, muscular man.
I miss the Houston Oilers..
Titanup 🇺🇸🇭🇳
Overtime rules are garbage
NOOOOO! first the Astros , now the Texans, Houston, we have a problem.
TitanUp!!!!!!
Bro Henry is sum else
Henry built different
Steelers vs Titans game needs to be move to the Sunday night game. Prime Time!
Titans defense needs to “tighten” up if they want to be true contenders. I’ll leave
When the score was 36 texans and 29 titans if the texans kick the extra point they likely win this game
Great game but that was so stupid not to just go up 8 with two minutes left
all they had to do was kick the extra point and be up by 8 and have a better chance
Brown's knee clearly landed OUT OF BOUNDS..
Butler has has good games and then bad games. This was a bad game for him. Homie got blown away on a bunch of plays. Fuller had his number on that big play after Henry’s 94 yard run
I have Henry and Tanehill in my Fantasy team.. just saying
Brown's knee clearly landed OUT OF BOUNDS...
Game of the Year so far
Phew. I need therapy after that game. Titan Up.
Texans need better coaching and leadership. No O and D direction towards the end of the game...  they were close.
Jeez Henry, didn’t give Watson a chance to score in OT.
Derrick henry is putting in work for my fantasy team wtf
Please look at this ****(EXTREMELY IMPORTANT)**** video. This is for REAL!!  You should COPY this ENTIRE post, so u Don't LOSE this, and u can Look at it Later https://m.youtube.com/watch?fbclid=IwAR22dwB7sGhzqdZD9S3c4lpIj9h7gd8r0S7Tuu1tBsHpaR4MucYQ_aCZ0vY&v=XjJomA4NDQI News interview https://m.youtube.com/watch?fbclid=IwAR30R3_ZKXhnb4BpCBfLtlQ_sCxsGdFC4g-2EihKqjs-0blt-B93yeUZTmk&feature=share&v=-Ypi1j_1T9A This is the video of the AUSTRALIAN WESTALL sighting. These things r REAL!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aedS1Wpzips&fbclid=IwAR3xbtd This is the ZIMBABWE Sighting interview the KIDS https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7grw7AAZ848&t=81s Go to ***(16 MINUTES)*** into this video, to see the ZIMBABWE sighting  re-interview the Kids Grown up now as ADULTS and u can C that they r NOT LYING https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uF82qCdx05Y This is Exactly the Alien as Described by the Kids from the ZIMBABWE UFO sighting ABOVE https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=COmefEEXYlQ
It's funny how ppl said derrick henry was gonna be a bust
At this age in the NFL the 'Prevent' defense may as well stand for Prevent the win, since it just gets gashed any more.
Let’s all get a few things clear:  Our defense was always gonna let the titans go down the field to score a touchdown Our defense was always gonna let Derrick Henry run all over us Our defense always gonna allow the big plays at the end of the game Our defense was always gonna concede the 2 point conversion if we kicked the extra point  I FULLY STAND BY ROMEO CRENNEL IN HIS DECISION TO GO FOR 2! Let it be known that he made the RIGHT decision. Our offense, NOT our defense, was keeping us in the game, so why not give them the chance to win the game?? It makes total sense to me, we should not be surprised by the end result after we didn’t convert the 2 points. The game was won or lost by that play, and we were unlucky to not convert. Our defense is trash, we already know this, it’s old news. I’m very disappointed to be proven right after this game. Our team will only go as far as the defense will take us.
Derick Henry has got to be one the most terrifying guys to tackle today when he’s coming at you
That was heart racing game for Titans fans i am so glad we pulled through and won, also Derrick Henry had a really good game.
Titans and Texans divisional games are always great games.
man that's a game right there!  I'm impressed the titans are killing it this season!  Keep it up Titans! Go undefeated and become super boWl champions!    Keep up them unpredictable plays and the henry running 94 yds to score LOL!
TITAN UP 🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾
AFC Championship Game =  Kansas City Chiefs v Tennessee Titans
As a titans I knew this was gonna be tough... heck of a win... the Texans are much better than 1-5 there offense is elite
We lost the turnover count 2 FG and still won that's what good teams do.
Titans just luck, nothing else
LMAO!!  Browns knee clearly hit OUT OF BOUNDS..  Good game Titans, but the refs blew helped you on that last drive..
256 total offense for Derrick Henry
What a game gg Houston great game now let’s get that defense from last week please now let’s get ready for Pittsburgh should be a great game and hopefully flexed for prime time
Pain
I can’t believe out of this whole game y’all’s take away Is that Tannehill is good even though he was bailed out by a wrong TD call. Deshaun played his heart out but it was messed up by his teammates. As a qb it’s Deshaun>Lamar but Lamar is probably the better athlete.
The Texans are definitely a improved team...........
As a Titans fan I will take this victory, I'll love looking back but my God this was on its way to being a blow out but I guess they wanted to tease the Texans before beating them. What a year, Texans 1-5 suck it! 5-0 hahaha.
Watching the score for this game as a Texans fan had me messed up
Texans be Like: "We gonna win the game." Titans be Like: "Henry, Fill in my position, and win the game." Texans be Like: "What the Crap is this?" Titans be Like: "Idiots."
Garbage defense
Honestly if a rookie doesn’t get stiff armed and makes a tackle on Derek  Henry,  they should get to keep the ball
obviously aint nobody tryin to tackle henry
#Titans 5-0 after overtime comeback,, remain unbeaten 💯
*I am so glad that Miami released Ryan, Texans played very good but bad coaching should have kicked the ball 🏈 after TD*
Titans oline looking pretty good
As a Texans fan, I have a feeling we gonna make the Playoffs.
Here we go baby loosing that AFC championship just made Titans more hungry and the Covid-19 Drama feed the beast King Henry Roll Tide
This shows how much adam gase is an ass
Should’ve kicked the field goal smfh
The 2 point play? wtf was that decision???
Why did the Texans go for 2 points instead of kicking the extra point?...Another head scratcher..🤔
Henry is the Modern Day Jim Brown! He is an absolute Beast!
At this point we needa call Sunday’s national let deshaun down day. Defense stay losing him big games😭
Texans should’ve just kicked a FG to force the titans to make a 2 pt conversion. That’s another coach’s blunder right there.
Derrick Henry should be in the MVP conversation
Titans fan living in Texas. Fun to watch this game at a bar.
AJ Brown is a grown man
Best AFC SOUTHERN GAME EVER!
I still think NFL overtime rules are dumb. How is it that the other team doesn't get the chance to respond? Makes no sense
bad call for 2 point conversion
One more heart attack and the titans are paying my medical bills.
Henry pressed ⬆️⬆️⬇️⬇️⬅️➡️⬅️➡️BA before he took off.
go for 2??????????????????????????????????
Titannnnnn uppppp let’s goooo🔥🔥🥶💙
Henry may well be the best player in the NFL...
Derrick henry will be the greatest of all time (barring injury or early retirement) ive been watching him since yulee days monster amongst men.
Watson is an elite QB and the media needs to start taking Ryan Tannehill seriously. This was a great game.
Seriously, every time I see Henry run the ball I think that's is going to be a TD or somebody will get bodied
Am i the only person who cant see players stats on google?
Tbh Texans have the hardest schedule. First game was against Super Bowl champions, second the Ravens, third the Big Ben Steelers that are undefeated right now. No excuse for the Vikings tbh but yeah.
Tannehill-Henry is the #2 QB-RB combo in the league right now behind Rodgers-Jones.
TEXANS DEFENSE NEEDS TO RETIRE
2 words: TRASH DEFENSE
Derrick Henry AND Ryan Tannehill should be in consideration for MVP.
it's our year. 👑Henry TITAN UP!!! 5-0   The next game is really going to prove either Titans are the real deal or just luck. ANOTHER BATTLE OF the unbeaten teams TITANS VS STEELERS. But either way my TITANS will always be my team thru the ups and downs. True fans know what I'm talking about. No bandwagon fan here.
Derrick henry is just built different
Derrick henry can outrun DBs now??? Oh that's scary stuff. Lol
This was a nail biter for both sides great game glad Titans got the win
Me as a titans fan I'm happy
5 down and 14 to go to complete a historic and perfect 19-0 season.
It’s so baffling that OBrien had one of the best up and coming QBs in Watson, and he said, “you know what, i don’t wanna build around you at all”.
Thanks for all the kind words titan fans yall the classiest in the league, im still crying but not as badly anymore
Tannehill threw a obvious intentional grounding with under a min left in game...  Refs blew this game..
Caught the last 2 minutes of this game. So hyped man! Titans up!   Good game though Houston.
THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
Texans balled out.
1972 Miami Dolphins, welcome the 2020 Tennessee Titans. There is about to become a new neighbor in the town of perfectville. 17-0 Dolphins meet the 19-0 Titans.
With the trade deadline coming up, we need to somehow acquire some more defensive players because thats are weakest point right now
I went up against Matt Ryan and julio in fantasy but my opponent went up against Henry and tannehill lmao
Why are you going for two up 7 and can make it an 8 pt game? Quit trying to win the game with analytics and make them have to get into the endzone twice just to tie.
Texans can lose next week and still end the season at 9-7
Man this Titans Kicker LMAOO complete jokes
Houston, we have a Deshuan Watson  Tennessee, we have a Derick Henry
16-0 Titans season confirmed.
steelers gon put them in they place 🥱
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Tannehill threw an intentional grounding on a play he was sacked on with 1:01 left in game.. Game Changing...
titans are BETTER than what they were LAST year, which is SCARY AF considering they were in the afc title game last year
Way too close than I expected. Great showing from Texans and the usual from titans.
Tannehill and Henry= McNair and George
These 2020 Titans are exactly what the 2018 Jaguars should have been...
I WOULD LOVE TO BE IN NISSAN STADIUM FOR THIS GAME!!!
Next weeks game against the steelers is gonna be one of the best games of the season
Titan Up!
I forgot jj watt still plays football😂😂gg Texans gg
Derrick henry running full steam ahead is a gawdam nightmare. Guy is 250lb!!!! Like how.
Game of the Week!!!! Titan UP!!!!!
THE Juggernaut(Henry)🔥.
the most intense game ive ever watched
Titans are overrated
I’m losing my Fantasy a lot but I don’t care because my titans won !!
Im glad my team arent going to play the titans this post season.
Pundits: NFL Runningbacks are obsolete.  Derrick Henry: Long live the king.
if they would have just kicked the extra point, then force the Titans to try a 2 pt conversion, they might have had a chance. dumb coaching decision
Derrick Henry’s a sicko
LET'S GO HENRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ima be on suicidal watch after this game
Derrick Henry is Juggernaut from X-Men  🏃🏾‍♂️💨💨💨💨
Where them haters now talk that ish
titans need to do something about trash can butler....a high schooler can cover better
Gg all the Texans fan out there great job but we won 36-42
Imagine the bears if we had Ryan Tannehill and Derrick Henry 💯
Henry the new beast mode
Q: What does an Houston Texans fan do when his team has won the Super Bowl? A: He turns off the PlayStation
I swear the Titians are the definition of clutch. Maybe even more clutch than the Seahawks.
He’s 6’4 close to 255lbs & runs like a spooked dear. F’n incredible
THE POWER OD THE DREADLOCKS!!!  HAIRONICLES 13:7 CAN'T STOP, WON'T STOP, THE LORD OUR GOD HAS DREADLOCKS!! OHHHHHH HENRYYYY!!!
the titans HAVE to stop giving me heart attacks or else im gonna die
It’s crazy to think that the missed field goal happened in the 4th that happened so long ago
When you getting killed on all madden so you go to game setting to switch it back to rookie mode 😆
Derrick Henry owns: Earl Thomas Josh Norman  The Houston Texans
good lawd
Jaguars :first time 😏
King Henry will be a HoF’er one day....mark my words
11:45 I wouldn't have tried to get a touchdown on this play. Kick the Field Goal, and if they score 6 they deserved it. That's not the problem. The problem was going for 2 when you're up 7. Kick the Extra Point and the Titans have to get 8.  YOU DO NOT GIVE THE TITANS A CHANCE TO MATCH YOU THE EASY WAY!!!! YOU DO NOT GIVE THIS OFFENSE ANOTHER CHANCE TO WIN!!!! YOU DO NOT GIVE DERRICK HENRY A 54-YARD SWING PASS!!!!  But as a Titans thank, I thank you Texans for doing everything wrong to lose this game.
Was a sad loss but a freakin great game. Cheers to both sides.      Thoughts and prayers again to Joe Burrow.
👑 Henry and everybody else around him ..💪💪💪..TITAN UP!
The Titans are going to the Super Bowl.
ryan tannehill is the real deal
The titans are looking very very Seahawks like. As they have a good defense and great 2 min management. I really think we deserve a titans vs Seahawks superbowl
Romeo Crennel needs to get fired for not kicking a field goal and making it an 8 point game . 😑 at least if Titans scored they'd have one more stop for the 2 point conversion.
TRUST YOUR DEFENSE!!! why are you going for 2 when you can be up 8 points?🤦🏾‍♂️
Romeo made the right call. Our defense is dogshit, so the Titans would of scored anyway. Just hope one day the Texans are a competent team so we won’t go through this almost every week.
Butler had a bad game.
It almost looks like Henry is running in slow motion.
Titans vs Steelers Week 7. Battle of the undefeated.  We will find out which one of these teams is real or fake.
Henry is like the BS, OP custom character we all made in franchise mode back in 2007.
why does it have to be so that the team that scores a touchdown on the first possession of overtime wins? As a Houstonian, gg.
This game was crazy
Derrick Henry is the King! 👑
That man literally ran all over them
WHAT A GAME!
#Titantfup
Can somebody please explain to me why on earth the Texans went for 2 at the end? An extra point would've put them up by 8. Yes, Titans still had a chance but much tougher. Bad coaches make stupid play calls
Honestly Watson deserves a better team. Texans defense sucks, o-line isn’t that great. Lucky we got rid of the coach
I knew we could do it! Titanup
Houston Finally Get the captain patches on
Texans should have kicked for extra point.
I'm glad my Titans won, but that defense in the second half was KIND OF PATHETIC. King Henry was a beast but if the Titans want to beat a tough Steelers team next week, they have to fix some things. #TitanUp
13:12 he was out :(
Craziest game of the season so far #TitanUP
WAR Henry
Bruh what is Malcolm Butler doing right there at 10:44 😂. That man stood there for some solid seconds.🤣
Romeo cronell got to cute on that redzone call smh.
Bruh Derrick Henry playing with his kids is so fun to watch
Derrick Henry the best running back in NFL. Ryan Tannehill the best quarterback in the NFL. MVP. Super Bowl. TitansUP
Henry a grown ass man
Both teams played good
Derrick Henry is the best running back of the nfl and top five of nfl players I don't know how the nfl put in the eleven place of the top 100 nfl players in 2019 season.
this week was intresting
The Texans defense is so incompetent and helpless. No playmakers, a lot of missed tackles, and a secondary that's so easy to pick on. Watson and the offense came back and put up 36 points, but the defense was just terribleand allowed the Titans offense to explode. And Romeo took a risk going for 2 pt conversion towards the end of the game that didn't pay off, but it didn't help that the defense allowed the Titans to drive through the field so quickly with less than 2 minutes left in the game. Watson's reaction when he lost the coin toss said it all: he knew the game was over after that because he knows that the defense is unreliable.    At least the Texans still look better without Bill O'Brien.
Texans fans before kick off Derrick Henry never does anything against us he got 212 today AJ Browns average he had two TDS
TITAN UP MF'S!!!!
Horrible 2 pt conversion call
Houston has been officially eliminated from the playoffs
Lets Go!!! 5-0. Feels great to put Houston back In the Basement. #TITANUP
We have a candidate for Game of the Year
King Henry the 8th
TITAN UP BABY💙💙💙💙
Titans can't stop giving their fans heart attacks man.
That wasn't no wildcat  Y'all better call that The KINGCAT!!     👑                        🦁
👑 HENRY
Prayers up to whoever had to face Derrick Henry in fantasy 😔
Titans got hella lucky lmaoo
Big game next week: The 5 - 0 Titans vs. The 5 - 0 Steelers   Should make for a great game
I’m a dolphins fan and currently the Texans would have had the seventh overall pick, so please, keep losing Houston
TITAN UP
Fix the overtime rules! This is absurd at this point. Get Watson and watt out of Houston they deserve so much better. Trash defense. The offensive line might as well be 60 year old plumbers the result would be the exact same. Coaching decision to go for 2 instead of the extra point is unjustifiable. Bill sent this team into the twilight zone single handily.
fellow jonnu smith and gostkowski owners... i feel your pain
Mcpickles
The 4 dislikes are texans fans lol
Texans fans y’all just proved y’all are a good team yall just went into with one of the best teams in the league good game Texans
Texans why did you go for two
Derrick Henry looks like he’s going against children, mans is a tank
Second game with 30 + points...despite the bad call....they're still looking better then all the 1st 4 games combined.
Ganon dumb af
This was a great game; the top caliber players came to play. Tannehill, Watson, Fuller, Brown, Watt and especially Derrick Henry!!!
This was really a good game tho , but man that Derrick Henry , absolutely 😤😤😤😤😤😤 Texans fans don’t be sad u guys really played great until that last play
Titanup Baby Feels good they 5-0!
The Texans are the latest victim of TITANFALL
Titans still need to do better on defense
Putting Anthony Firkser in my fantasy lineup is going to get me the win.
We play our DBs to damn far off from the LINE! The steeler will eat that up. TitanUp coach!
Closer game then I though
Henry is running these guys down😳
Oh how the Texans have fallen. From SB contenders to division bottom feeders
Like: titans fan Comment: Texans fan Also comment: don’t like either team just Derrick Henry
I soiled my trousers during the last 2 minutes of the 4th quarter
Greg Gumbel
TitansUp. Going undefeated and winning the super bowl. MVP Ryan
So refs how TF U TRAINED FOR SO MANY YEARS AND SAY AJ BROWN CAUGHT THAT , He obviously didn’t catch that Houston got robbed because of these blinded ass refs
Derrick Henry runs like he has a force-field around him
So many bad call on the Texans the last play of regulation thats not a touchdown
Can Vrabel fire himself as defensive coordinator now, please? Pretty please?
Respect to Lonnie Johnson. It's a sacrifice tackling a full speed Henry. Edit: AND he saved another TD earlier on. If anyone deserves a bonus for courage alone, it's him 😂😂. I mean Titan's scored after on both drives, but how many people his size can say they stopped Henry 1v1... Ish.
I’m a huge titans fan and for that, I need a cardiologist now after that one.
I love Henry but my heart hurts for Watson
Derrick Henry looks like he’s playing against middle schoolers
Derrick Henry my fantasy MVP
FINALLY
Henry is just too fast
Great AFC south battle!
Titans fans now the pain in our heart as we watch the games, 5-0 though baby, Pittsburgh get ready. TITAN UP!
King Henry won't be denied yards.
I love deshaun man's a g
Henry is the FREAKING G.O.A.T.!
Texans are pitiful
Oh Henry saves the day!!!
TEXANS DEFENSE IS SO ASS
Titans are unstoppable, so many thought their run was a "fluke". Fools
wow im here early does the NFL reply
FREE WATSON THE TEXANS DONT DESERVE HIM
Titan Up 🔥 💪🏻 ⚔️
Henry is a monster!
Fix your refs
Of course I have to go against Justin Jefferson and Derrick Henry the same week
28th comment
That’s how you play qb Deshaun
Texans: yo guys we might win  Derek Henry: yall hear something?
Imagine if Deshaun Watson had a defense
Derrick Henry has learned that a lot of guys in the NFL ain’t interested in tackling him
#TITANUP #SUPERBOWLBOUND
titans out here playin madden.
HOUSTON TEXANS OVERTIME HEARTBROKEN
Ryan looking like a dark horse candidate right now
What a game!
Started Henry and Jones this week, feels nice :)
Nice game Henry’s A BEAST GO TITANS!!!!!
Romeo doing his best bill o Brian impersonation by going for that two
it wouldnt be a titans game without the heart attack :)
Say it with me Choooooooooke.
Definitely the game of the day. Both teams played good and that's to be expected.Tannehill  is proving his doubters wrong.
Lol hi I'm 8th comment
this was a great game. texans fans don’t be too sad y’all played well
Good game
Titan Up King Henry
Texans were robbed
