26:12
BEATING UNBEATEN IS UNBELIVABLE.
When black color and blue color playing, we know the black will be the winner This game is amazing, comeback stronger LKY
10:37
amzg lee zii jia idol
Msian vs msian
qua cái thời của lee, lin, chen. mấy ô trẻ bây giờ khỏe thì khỏe thật nhưng đánh chả bao giờ chắt chiu, đánh tròn cầu. đánh toàn lỗi
Very poor coverage again.  The director thinks we'd rather see the previous point again than watch the start of the next rally.  Hint: you're wrong - we want to see ALL the live action.  Idiots..
Finally, Zii Jia was able to edge it, even after receiving lots of bodyshot & headshot.
Lzj knowing his forceful smash would do no damage to lky, plays like a master today, full with calmness and precision. Lky on the other side became relentless.
That faulty service judge sure is quiet.
LOH may need calm down a little bit and decrease errors. many situations, he already passed the daughrous situation, but made error by himself later.
There is actually not much difference in these 2 players.  Today LKY made a lot more mistakes and some of them unbelievable.  This is a complete opposite him compared to yesterday when he was top of the world slaying the dragon.
What cheering they are shouting?  Let's go lu wu let's go? What is lu wu 😅
wow i like the netplay of Loh K Y 🙂
LZJ was in control throughout the game, mentally, physically and prowess. he now possess the ability to switch his playing style accordingly.. his opponent today LKY was him 4 years ago.. aggressive play, but couldnt score eventually frustrated and creates plenty of unforced errors. Good luck LZJ ! ..
Lee Zii Jia won because his defending skills is superb!!!
ONLY one winner here, but not dominant,,   LOH-----is back to his peak level as in 2020, that year he beat axlesen and captured the crown in world champ..           yes, this match LOh is as good as he did before.. question why he lost??? he was in hurry, out of patience,, each rally demands 15---25 strokes to be decided. but LOH wants it quick, his opponent is a taller guy, agile guy with formitable thunder hit power-------that is LEE zj, ,, for lee----he prefer quick rally,,      but when these 2 guys meet each other, I think that LOh needs to be patient, no rush,, however, he fail to keep up this time,,       Since Axlesen is out, and plus LOH exited,  and chinese player----SHI has been eliminated,,  now,,,, NOW,,, LEE ZJ seems like a golden boy,,,,
a calm Lee Zii Jia is a dangerous Lee Zii Jia.
18:07 this is the moment when Loh lost his flow. Both made a lot of mistakes though. But LZJ less😊
LKY you're so handsome!
Beruntung aja.. LKY banyak banyet unforced errors. If he played like yesterday, gak mungkin LZJ menang..
brilliant strategies with full of calmness on this match. Keep up the great effort Zii Jia
LZJ game varies quite a lot now that he was able to neutralise his opponent in this match.
LZJ has improved. He is no longer mainly one dimensional with forcing opponents to lift and then smash. He can redirect shots around net with deception, rally with opponents and has more placement of shots. He is more patient and only smashes when he has some advantage of the situation. When he does smash, he varies it with slice and reverse smashes and hard straight ones keeping the opponent off balance.
Finally, Zii Jia was able to edge it, even after receiving lots of bodyshot & headshot.
Like how LKY won the net battle yesterday against Axelsen, LZJ was denying LKY's net game with an even btr netplay.   Kudos to LZJ. I hope he wins the tournament!
Lzj knowing his forceful smash would do no damage to lky, plays like a master today, full with calmness and precision. Lky on the other side became relentless.
