your excitement to each reveal was exhilarating 😆
Watching this after the games release and dlc is so refreshing  for some reason
The first that I got was for Burger King that has the wooper
Seeing the chat become gay is funny
Damm so cringy react
When i need to put a smile on my face i return to watch this movie :D
If shedninja was in game when tera elecrick + air ballon= inmortal pokemon        Pls pin me
“hi houndour :D” “HUWUANAHWHAHAUHH WŒOPER1!1! THAREHS THE REGIONAL WOOPER THERES THE REGIONAL EOOAOAH”
Hey un un un un un un un un un un un un un un🤣
5:52: SQUISHY-
Wow. The trailer makes the game look kinda good. And it was, except when it wasn't, which was most of the time.
"CETETAN!"
His reaction to the others= hi (pokemon name) :l  His reaction to the wooper=  WOOPER OMG NEW WOOPER LOOK AT THE WOOPER
🤣🤪😆😹😹😂😂
When he's referring to the "best designed characters", i keep hoping he's crushing on Mr. Saguaro like me. But he probably refers to the fighting typ woman
The fact I didn’t see this trailer
Bro I think you mean miraidon DEEZ NUTS ha got em
Bro this is sick I love these games
8:53  He was unaware of the clodsire. Pun intended.
4:54 sada and turo, passed on... hits different after the story
Arcannime IS IN VIOLET
0:11 when mom buys you robux
jack: hhoohoooooo wooper me what i heard: oh my rootbeer
you have to trade paldean wooper to get wooper
Yeah it is like botw,not as much as Arceus though, braviary is literally revalis gale
Kinda sad Snorlax isn’t in the game because he is my favourite Pokémon and also it means he won’t be on any trading cards for a while..
Paldean legendaries: modorbike
“HOHOHOHOHOOHOHOHOHOHOOHOHOHOHOHOHOOHOO WHAT IS THAT?!”   -prpleclf
0:45 mans really be laughing like Wario
For you I named my paldean wooper pooper
Hearing Purplecliffe scream because of Paldean Wooper is hilarious.
bro when he saw the woopers man sounded like dawko when he saw the fnaf sb trailer XD
His reaction to Wooper  I just gotta say same
So wholesome
Man sounded sad whenever they said multiplayer and I just thought about the funny joke Man dude Sad because he don't got no friends
0:12 no need to thank me
Wow i cant wait for the scarlet and violet series
You were really excited, but you missed something awesome. Eelektross confirmed for Scarlet and Violet, returning to a Pokemon game for the first time since Unova. It's super awesome. I can finally have my boy Tynamo on my team
0:13 my gye went cookoo
Bro, when he saw Wooper, you could hear him suffering!    Also, HOW DID THIS MAN GET YOUTUBE TO COMMENT! THE REAL YOUTUBE! BRUH HOW!
low budget Genshin Impact
He said mommy
His reaction to pooper at the very start sent me tbh
Yea
ITS SQUIIIISHYYYY 😂😂😂❤️
Gen 5 looks great wait wat
It’s not a lie it just means that some of these shots you won’t see in game
My man had a sezer from a wooper
Dude  purple  lol  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
please make a first playthrough/nuzlocke
Paldean wooper=pooper
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!
I think that the water starter in this game looks like ducklett.
POOPER
I WANT TO GET A NINTENDO SWITCH FOR MY BDAY AND THEN IMA BUY POKEMON VIOLET WITH MY OWN MONEY BECAUSE HOLY JESUS THAT WAS SO COOL.
Woooooopeeeeerrrrrr
Purplecliffe: sees new wooper  Also purplecliffe: *has a seziure*
Pokémon hat edition
Oh my 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Do it but the Pokémon you catch you have to buy a Pokémon card of
the hysterical laughing when watching the legends fold out their wings to glide is exactly how I feel 💀💀
violet
Purplecliff when he sees a new wooper "aaaaaaaaaaah it's a new wooper 🙀"
man say "show us mega evolution"  the trailer then scu da pam do da dum💥
"I DONT HAVE TO WAIT FOR LITTLE TIMMY TO PRESS FAKE OUT FOR THE FOURTH TIME IN A ROW?!?!?"
5:57 "SQUISHY :D" Cliff, I fucking love you. Never Change.
Same…Miridon looks so cool
Unrelated to post but i'm planning to buy my first pokemon game, dont know if scarlet & violet requires wifi bc my wifi bad af, or should i buy legend arceus instead
The meme potential in cliffe's reaction is so damn well good
which one are you choosing guys?
team violet
Dark mode wooper
I swere if quaxley doesn’t get a stand Ima flip
Of course the best region is based on my country 😤
I need Pokémon Violet but I do not want to become champion because then it’s boring
please, as soon as this game comes out do a series or something i really want to see this
4 4
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hi
POOPER AND FIDOUGH ARE THE CUTEST FOR ME (also why do u simp for the scarlet professor)
BRING BACK MEGA EVALUTION
No one can change my mind im picking sprigatito
Is there giblee
Bro you can play it now it's out
"MOMMY?"
That's a jeep, not a battle bus.
Here you can see jack transform from a fat human, to a pig, then turn into a monkey within minutes.
Oh ma g- Teraform comes on* MY FU GOD
GOGOAT IS BACK !!!!!!!
Marks lunatone
VIOLET TEAM!!!!!!!
Shedinja will be busted with terrastilize
I need this now!!!!!!
Don't talk about breath of the wild like that
Don't talk about breath of the wild like that
1:15 just me or does she give major Victoria vibes from Pokemon reborn
I hate how you are overreacting for the sake of overreacting and just faking these emotions. It’s annoying to look at plz stop
Nice
My nickname is Penny amazing and my favorite Pokemon is "EV"
It’s so sad we have to wait till November! It looks so fun! Though I do wish they implement the Arcues type battling
anything literally happens on the trailer OH MY GOD AOUSKHDLIAUHGSDOIAUSGHDAOIUYSDGBBOIULAYSGDBVUIOLYASDG    c r i n g e
I’m ready to replay this 8 times
IM POOPER!
Watch smg4
🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Awesome video
looks like digimon
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😝🤑🤑😲😕😔😖🤓🙃🙃😔😔😌😥😞😜😞😌🤑🐈
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 the new pokemon what happened it's like they took adventer games and put it in pokemon bruh that ain't pokemon also did they just take hamper make him smaller and cuter?
good
Fidough The Pastrie Pup Pokemon
My bussy is quaking from this trailer
i hope we dont have the evolutions before the games come out!
I pre ordered this game in july man
bro if shedinja gets this crap it'll be broken
This is it. This is when we get to see what you can do in a Pokemon game with the power of the switch. I love that they seem to have actually listened to the fans and made some massive quality of life changes that will make everything smoother. I am particularly excited for the looser turns of the new raid dens.
Your excitement is so amazing! Honestly hearing you sound so happy could make my day anyday!!
seezor sus purplecliffe very sus
I HATE GRASS STARTER IT IS COPY OF LOOMIAN LEGACY I CANNOT KEEP MY ANGER IN ANY LONGER
Pooper
8:17 AYO WHAT DID YOU JUST CALL THAT POKÉMON
The story I’ll start with is your mom
Violet I play first then scarlet
I got over 120 dollars saved for both of these games for when the release
POOPER
ALSO THAT RAID BRO I HAVE BEEN WAITING F0R THAT FOR SO GOSH DARN LONG
I don’t have to wait for little Timmy to press fakeout.. for the fourth time!  Purplecliffe 2022
POOPER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0:10 *insert john cena speaking chinese*
I'm getting Violet!!
:o what let me play it now
I still can't believe I'm banned
haahxvhsbcyvyu WOOPDER jbguvugbyud
😱🤯🤯🤯🤯
We need victorybel and this is perfect
why does clavell looks like the announcer of the pokemon games??
Now all we got to do is wait for the nuzlockes to roll in
I wasn't sure if I was gonna be interested in watching a playthrough of these games after the failure of Sword and Shield, but this looks so cool! I think this'll be the channel I'll tune in to when it releases cause I just love Jack's energy! I've got the date set in my calendar on my phone!
It is a nice game.
Same I'm getting violet
This looks  fun.But man, Pokemon making shit real
Paused and disliked.
I laughed so much when you said “AHHHH WOOPER WOOPER WOOPER”
Me and the boys are are Pokémon motorcycles be like
Bro mu guy saw woofer and exploded
That was pretty much my reaction to Wooper too.
G max
Now I really wish I had a switch
Our three shinies in Pokémon Legends Arceus
I'm getting violet once I get it can we play together I'm sorry purple cliff
Gardevoir looks cool but when you use it it's the trash
Next time you get a shiny VMAX ditto card you have to open free Pokemon gotems and give me that shiny Ditto VMAX
HES GOT 690k SUBS!
I hope we get a new Eevee form
Fuecoco!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Is mine
Nice game
Penny looks like shoto
I feel like everyone is gonna have violet instead of scarlet
when will they add it to Pokémon go???
I also double dog dare you to catch every single Pokémon in this region
I bet that you are going to love this game
You need to get that new Pokémon adventure
Bro the legendarys do be lookin like dumbo tho
???????????
Where is ditto :(
I really like the game, I hope I can try it as soon as possible..
With all these different stories the game became a DLC
MYY NAME IS VIOLET
Alternate title: Jack has a ceasure over a woper regional varient
WEEED CAAAAAAAAAAAT I WANT IOTTTTT
New legend of Zelda game looks gr8
They have galarian pokemon
Nov 18 Close to my bday
The first 10 second calm   *sees the new Paldean Wooper*  WOOPER
this guys reaction is amazing
0:17 bros haven a seize
I’ve seen a lot of reaction videos for this direct but this one has got to be my favourite
originally I was a little more leaned on koraidon but after seeing the motorcycle forms gonna wait for the exclusive pokemon
Lechoooooonnnkkkkk!!!!
Nemona more like nemonia
YESSIR WE GOT POOPER AND QUAGSHART
Sick
Sh**
Are you ready for the new mega evolutions
He was like Thehreeeaewoopertherteees sh
1:36 the engine is a poison/steel Pokémon
Day 3 of asking purplecliffe to shiny hunt regirock in a maid outfit
Im getting violet
Pooper
Give us paldean vanillite
Give us paldean vanillite
I've never seen you more excited
Sada or Cynthia
Bro, the names of the schools, naranja amd uva, mean orange and grape xD
i will play pokemon violet can we play the co up mode my name is Tuscan Tan
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi game freak
People are gonna start bker gangs lol
Did they revert pikachu and eevee's in-game cries?
T pose moment for the legendaries
bro the trailer just did literally what i call “idk maybe crystalized”
What was your reaction to grusha?
Things I would like to mention:  He probably already knows this cuz he's probably already read the new characters's descriptions/flavor texts but I'll still mention it: Grusha (Ice Gym Leader) is a guy, or atleast uses he/him pronouns.  I personally think Jacq might be a descendant of Adaman (and maybe Irida if they got together) they have similar hair with Jacq having like Purple-ish hair with white bits and Adaman having Blue hair with like Gray bits. Also Adaman has Hexagon shapes on his... Robe? Idk the thing he wears, and Jacq has Hexagonal shaped Glasses!  Also Kiraidon running with it's feet even though it has wheels in the motorcycle form might be a reference to The Flintstones cars
im buying this day one
November 18th is my birthday
That girls voice during the trailer breakdown reminded me way too much of the girls voice in Thor ragnarok. “You are now meeting the grand master”.
Imagine he plays cromon 💀
I just realized, if a carbink was to terastallize, would it’s whole body become shiny afterwards and would the crystals stay the same or would it just be completely covered in a new coating of crystal 🤔
XD Never saw an adult man get SO excited about a regional variant Wooper, but that's understandable!  Also, Grusha's a guy surprisingly enough! ^^; The eyelashes threw half of the fans off!
What are the names of the legandaries again?
Man nemona is nagatoro
1:36 ayo what did Crazy dave do to penny
Nooper
Which Pokémon should you choose
The gym leader using the cetitan is a dude
good
paldean wooper? more like ni-
Rip
Best reaction I have seen so far
funny thing is before the trailer dropped i had an idea for a  ghost/ground type regional wooper that was based on morphed axolotls, and it would not evolve into quagsire but instead a whole new pokemon called "Axorottle" so when paldean wooper dropped i said to myself "knew it"
IDK which version I’m picking but I know 3 Pokémon I want on my team so far. Fuecoco, Lechonk, and Fidough are DEFINITELY on my squad.
Cliffe: I'm getting Violet Me, after getting money for my birthday: *preorders both*
alright time to shove a bunch of good pokemon in pokemon home
when you started to yell mommy my mom yell back WTF  🤣
I just hope buzzswoll is not in the game. It’s as, if not UGLIER than IGGYBUFF, and it’s harder to fight in Pokémon unite than MILTANK. They HEADLOCK YOU, SO THERE FREANDS CAN KILL YOU! GOD! WHY DID THEY ADD IT INTO UNITE AND NOT GOODRA!?!?
When i finish the arceus game im making my dad get me violet
i was hooping for mega evolution to comeback but tbh im still happy they gave a similar feature
2:44 I see my favorite Pokémon in the top left corner
DOEA THIS MEAN TERA DRAGON TYPE PIKACHU?
Even though I dont have a switch I am SO EXCITED FOR THIS GAME
Him When He sees the trailer: waaaa hxhsjzk jzjxjsn ajsxjxjsxn When he sees the other 1: *crys*3 different stories! Huuuuuuu
THEY JUST REMADE MEGA EVOLUTION! OMG YES!
Dude when you just saw whooper you turned into a pidgeotto I think so XD!!
Wait they're basically adding back mega evolutions
Wait is wooper gonna have a new evoloution
Thumbnail 😂😂🤣🤣whopper to Pooper😂😂😂
This was by far the best reaction to the new trailer! I love your energy!
i cant believe they put  purplecliffe on the book 6:22
love how koraidon has wheels but use feet instead
If Jacq is the surprise bad guy I will cry
I’m hoping they add multiple save-slots now
i need penny's backpack-
gogoat is back
By all the things we love I hope they mean over world shiny encounters
This feels impossible.
Hey what starters you guys picking, I’m picking Quaxly, because no seems to want to lol, since Fuecoco is basically a Fire Type Totodile, and Sprigatito is well a weed cat
Has gyarados been in every main game?
His “WoOpEr!!!!!” Was so good the captions said it was “music” XD
I think there’s a regional gastly cuz the smoke looked white
Team scarlet baby
Why the new pokemon games look like pal world
It is not a Pokémon game if you don’t catch god
OUR PRAYERS HAVE BEEN AWNSERED 6:41 WE CAN RIDE A POKE MON I WILL CALL ITS PKE MON SPICES TO BE A  MOTERAMON I CALL IT THAT BC ITS LITTALY A MOTERSICLE
I'm excited they're putting Honchkrow in, my favourite pokemon
The academy names are in Spanish 🤩
Bro what about vgc omfg
U know multiplayer would be fun for jack if he had friends jk
Your excitement is infectious
His reactions through the whole video were hilarious
No more waiting for little Timmy 😀
My GOD
Imagen a ahiny oegamdary with a rare tera type
Mega Evolution PART 2
I need a regional Bidoof
i love how Purplecliffe just went " Mommy!??!?!"
There is still no charizarddd
there gigachad
know that pokemon scarlet and voilet is realeased in poland and is in shops so... suck on that
The first thing I thought when hearing the name nemona was "ammonia"
Purplecliffe: show us megas Pokémon : ok (terrastalaize phenomenon I think is like megas for all Pokémon)
Ah yes. School gang wars lets go!
All fun and games till you realize your playing together on Nintendo Switch Online.
Really orange and grape academy? Also Pooper
I like how Kraiodon when he was first introduced he looked noble and kinda intimidating, but in this it looks like a dragon dog
I'm glad I was in the stream
Game freak is really making a leap of faith here I hope it works
I love how you went crazy when you saw wooper I did to
When people realize that the Ice Gym Leader is a dude.
Just so you know Grusha (Ice gym leader) is a guy not a girl it is confirmed
They got the battle bus
Hi purple cliff i’m so excited to new wooper is gonna be awesome, I was wondering tho what program did you use to actually import the pokemon you got in the “tik tok filter decides my team” video to the actual game like how they just appear in your party?
i pre-ordered it and im so exited
Anyone excited that pikachu’s old cry is back
Why did jack do a bet
Cliffe: * sees gardevoir * Cliffe: MOMMY?! Me: ok :>
Me : I don't think ill buy this game withthe graphics Me also after seeing regional form of wooper : yeah I'm buying this game
REGIONAL WOOPER LET’S GOOOOO
I love how teralizing is kinda like mega evolution
I'm so Excited to Watch you play this Jack, I literally watched you play Arceus until 4am one night
Plurplecliffe Protein Bor
Gogated pog
0:12 WJY DID HE FREAK OUT ABOUT A POOPER
I could smell he simping someone soon
Wyrdeer, Basculigeon, Sneasler and Braviary: We noticed that you stole our abilities (also I know they are not in scarlet and violet its just a meme)
new chad
The new game is Stupid but Good! Riding frickin legendary Making Pokémon Go Super Saiyan No Evolution Spoiler
I need to use gogoat
Hopefully we have wooper in this game
Did you know that there's a YouTube channel called Jaden here that you can go watch all of her videos on specifically her game and ones and watch them without any animation
terrastalize lechonk
8:16 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
purplecliffe pov: confused screaming
Ur too old to be acting like this
YESSSSS HOPPIP CONFIRMED, THAT MEANS SKIPLOOM IS IN THE GAME I LOVE SKIPLOOM DEINOCNEWONFUEBWDCQJOGBFQEWWDUWBCNR EJOCNGTFIERVSNGKLW RIOBVGIOBNROJRBGVLRIHEBIHCJFBERJKCNGVJKRN GVJQERNFKJ NCETQJKCBGJLQERKFBJQETLRN
I was just gonna say that clavell was gonna say that he was the villain but than purplecliff just cut me out
terastilized is disapointment
I love how he breaks,down and,cries,upon seeing pidough❤️
I’m a YouTube r मे
Am I the only one that dislike how the legendaries morph like a transformer
just realized that pikachu has its original cry now
That is fucking horrid design. It's like the first few generations just flew over their head.
What animal is always at a game of cricket?      A bat.
we might even get the crystal onix from the new gimmic
Such garbage.. I cant believe this is what Youtube content has come to now. Why should any of us care about this at all? What such sad, boring lives you must all live.
smallant will find u for the insulting thumbnail and attempt to beat u in a Pokemon race like he dud with pcrow
Mind-blowing game
I love how no one noticed that wooper looks like a skull and crossbones
Pog champ violet
I'm getting Pokémon Violet
Bad on me and Pokemon sword and shield cuz I keep getting demolished
But when will they being back that pokemon  can follow you!!
This game is very excited and I enjoyed lot.
The stream was really good,and i enjoyed it, thanks for sharing this video.
There are no half-truths here, no complex, layered realities. No sense that a blog post might legitimately convey opinion. Oh no. There is right or there is wrong. And there is "NEWS" or there is "non-sense". Unfortunately for the troll, this is wishful thinking.Thank you sharing this video.
Hahaha I loved the very funny reaction. keep it up new sub
new regions in pokemon, let's hope its all good and interesting as the past regions
excellent, I recommend it, keep going with these videos, I liked them a lot, your channel is the best
Open world gameplay Pretty beautiful graphics No set order for the gyms Three different stories Something tells me that these are gonna be some of the best Pokemon games ever.
Very very nice video really good Love story
The stream wss really amazing....this is most interesting and useful video for us...thank you for sharing informative and interesting video
I like your videos, they are great, your content is unique, this channel has to be one of the best
The gaming world t changing everyday, one can't even tell what's coming out tomorrow as the creativity is just out of this world... Amazing!
I like your videos, they are great, your content is unique, this channel has to be one of the best
The sistema was very good.very goo vidio.I like this vidio.too much good
Excellent graphic..Must try this out
The wooper reaction was so good, The trailer and all the stuff was very epic, Thank you for sharing this video
Good
.excellent explanation very good topic I love that is why I recommend it and it is a great option
I love that Cliff didn't want them to show started evos meanwhile I am sitting here going:  please please please let me see what that cat turns into!
This is very interesting game playing.
Very well explained, thanks for share with us this important information
Such a great video . Really i very enjoy this video is full of excellent information. Everything discussed in this video is very clear and very well explained for easy and better understanding.This video is very good and helpful
I liked this video, it is very easy to understand and the content is the best, I recommend it
Really awesome game..I like it..thank you very much for your sharing..
I love how Jack sounded like he was having an aneurysm when they revealed regional woope
I love your information and as you explain us almost perfectly, keep it up
Honestly the new shown pokemon that I’m really interested in seeing is Celtitan, it has such a unique design that looks completely different from what you’d expect from pokemon that im dying to know more and if it can evolve more
I really like your channel and your content thanks for the video I liked it a lot, without a doubt one of the best, I hope I can see more videos thanks
this game is very nice thank you for this review thanks for sharing
Thanks for share this with us it's great to know more about this topic it's exactly what i'm looking for, it's helped me a lot.
very good video thanks for sharing this information with us your channel will go far
This is really amazing video.. It's very interesting and valuable information. In this video everything is very clear and well explained. It's totally helpful for me.. This tutorial always provide us with good content. Thank you for your time
Great content, my friend, it seems to me, without a doubt, something interesting and incredible, this new Pokémon trailer is undoubtedly to be enjoyed a lot.
I like this trailer very much.  This is very interesting and amazing
omg i love pokemon! i cant wait to play this!
Amazing video. This content really very important and helpful. Thank you
This is really exciting. I really do hope that this game is as good as it looks. Thanks for this nice video bro
I LOVE THE VIDEO EXCELLENT WORK DONE BOTH EDITION AND MATERIAL KEEP UP WITH THIS GOOD CONTENT
A great material and very relevant information fascinated me the way you explain the subject, thank you for sharing, you have all my support...
(Wooooooper wooooper it's a whopper) I laughed so hard bro
Best game   -Me
i love how no one has mentioned the fact that before the SV trailer it is shown a short video of people in costumes of the Paldean starters and Sprigatito is standing up
BRUH IM SO EXITED FOR THE RAIDS AND WEED CAT
OH MY GOD WOOPER HAS A NEW FORM????? I NEED TO SEE QUAGSIRE !!!
fidough
I think the truck thing is the evil team of the game
This is gonna be the better and more into the future of Legends Arceus
Most phenomenal Pokémon game kinda
I’m taking scarlet!
Hello whats is your channel twitch?
Purple Cliff I have 16 dragon Pokemon try to be that by the way I'm a kid
WEED CAT
WAIT YOU MOVED TO YOUTUBE ?
bro this is genshin but in pokemon :l
She’s garnavor at 8:16 MUMMY
Pick scarlet and u loser penny best character
i now the evolutions of quackety but the others i forgot
your excitement to each reveal was exhilarating 😆
hey guys I just started my YT channel and would really appreciate it if you guys check it out!
what in the world😱😱😱😱😱
simp alert
every time in nuzlock simp
purple cliff why you simp if there's a woman
Am I the only one expecting the sound he made when he saw the wooper to come up in the next you laugh you lose vid?
I love how they named the universities after fruit
PLA WAS A TEST
Grusha is hot sada isnt
I think that bus truck thing is gonna be part of the evil team of Paldea
I'm so glad I'm not the only one thinking that Clavell is the bad guy
This is past Galar
This is so wholesome. Thank you for showing us it's okay to cry when we finally get what we've been dreaming of in a Pokemon Game
#16 in trending 😳😳
We need back mega evolution  I hate those new diamond designs
pokeSMP in pokemon?
alternate title: grown man has a Siezure over kids game
I am bald... that's offensive
I agree with Mr. Clavell being the bad guy. It's pure vibes but I agree with it.
Pokémon presents aired on my b-day, nice present for my b-day
PIG!!!!!!
crystal weed  man crystal weed
A wise man once said "WOOPER THERES A REGITNABFO"
THREE STORIES? wait....that means..... We have to watch 3 DIFFERENT POKETUBERS
Ok I just want pokemon sleep please I have insomniaaaa
I want apricorn ball back, it's all.
if I get a FIDOUGH  I’m naming it blade wolf it is a requirement
Congrats on trending Cliffe
lol the wooper reaction
The fact that you can terastallize Pokémon and have them change types for certain Pokémon is insane
MedMen stock is the Most Recognized Brand in the World. California is about allow Interstate Commerce for Marijuana.  MedMen will benefit Greatly. Buy MMNFF stock today!
dang Mr clavell looks rich cause you can only get a  premier ball by buying a bunch of balls
I want sprigatitto's evolution will be a    sabertooth cat but i think they wil do another one.
My starter sprigatito
He went insane about a regional wooper😂
I almost had a heart attack when I saw you could choose which order you could fight the gyms in
People who don't have a nintendo : 👁️👄👁️
if pokemon and breath of the wild had a baby this would be it
A JEEPNEY?!?!?! A FREAKING JEEPNEY?!?!?!
Bro...no one is even talking about the purple Hoppip.... It was dark color in original gold and silver but changed to pink later... Now it's 🟣!!!
He cracked me up when he said “MOMMY!”
bro pokemon saw wolfeys video on whta if pokemon could change types,  saw that he didnt like the implications on competitive, and then they said AIGHT BET LETS DO IT!
Hey purplecliffe my mom said your cute lol
Loved you tearing up. I felt the same. And why wouldn't we?! This is amazing!! 😊☺️
You can ride the legendary Pokémon!?!?
I love the new game now
Please let us have ditto in this region so I can shinny hunt.
3 stories i think it will be the Gym story, the pokedex story and the 3 might be the item or legendary or friend story
I feel like im the only one who wants scarlet 😿
8:16 ayo what?
“I DONT HAVE TO WAIT FOR LITTLE TIMMY TO CLICK FAKE OUT FOR THE FOURTH TIME?!”
The legend had returned GOGOAT
Can't wait for gigantamax/mega/special z/strong/good tying/rare tera type/perfect ev&iv's/perfect stat pokemon to be the meta *gigantamax/mega/special z/strong/good tying/rare tera type/perfect ev&iv's/perfect stat/alpha pokemon
You already know they are making Pokémon cards for this region
I dont have a nintendo switch😢
Make a serie of Pokemon violet or scarlet
Everyone after seeing slakoth: APPA
The amount of excitement is like watching a little kid on Christmas lol
Grusha is a man 💀 Finn a catch a case
New to the gamecube? Why do nintendo trailers always look like they have graphics engines from 2004?
why is the red one running when it has wheels
wat will dragon tera type look like
cetations are whales
The Gimmick looks like crap. But might be interesting to use.
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS OH MY GOD
Ayo
Confirmed pokemon scarlet and violet will be pokemon arceus, breath of the wild and genshin impact 2.0
I love the reactions 🔞🥰😋💦
This remind me of that crystal onix on the anime
Gogoat returns
My New Years resolution is filling every Pokémon Home box Pooper
Copying me I already pre-ordered Violet
Redo wooper
scarlet gang
if everyone would react like that  that would be very cool/funny. 0:13  xD   2:42 THAT FACE is EPIC xDDDDD  This is one of the best reactionsvideos ever of pokemon present 2022!!!! xDDDD LOL
EPIC
This seems to be the Pokémon game we didn't know we needed, but now we do
The three stories will probably be the normal gameplay, post game, and another one
WOOOOPER
How we ended the present with a bald spot
I love Pokémon trailers but I do think there’s one thing they need to start doing and that is showing gameplay with the HUD cus they only ever do it in a trailer that comes out like a week before the game 😂
I love how you can just ride on the legendaries like bikes
Yeeeessss it arrives on 18 novembern and my birthday is on 20 november😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
8:17 Why those Pokemon at the same time
Here are the 3 stories 1) gym battles 2) mystery of the legendary Pokemon                3) find your real mom and dad
Your excitement is infectious. This is so great. XD
What the Hail is the Thumbnail lol 😂😂😂
Im still banned from Cliff's discord like WHYYY
Nah this ain't pokemon It's magicmon
New wooper looks disgusting
Oh fuck I don’t want to go to school man I just want to catch some poop axolotl
Pooper,noooo it mud :(
Pooper
the pokemon center looks like a gas station
predictions:  mr clavell is the bad guy mr jacq is the champion
The steam was awesome and I love the dough dog it’s really cute
Wooper is the best if agree      👇
Watching PurpleCliffe's face throughout the announcements just made this for me!
i wish they make new mega pokemons
We’re brothers we both have cross and we’re both getting the same version I mean who pick like a dinosaur than a robot bike I’m a YouTube or can we please do you know how to collaborate something I want you to teach me how well to be a good YouTuber if you don’t mind
The master cycle of Pokémon
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says “Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill”
I consider better Teracristalization than Dynamax! It's like some kind of Mega Evolution but it's a Crystalized Power Up for Pokémon jaja!!
Your excitement is infectious
Am I the only person who is excited that we can use both elephants in the same team(donphan, Copperajah)
Fricking pooper!!!!!!,
Little cry baby   You're a cry baby
MOMMY!!!!!
Ayo??? Purplecliffe simping again
I’m going a koraidon
Me four minutes in: Is this a pokemon, botw, three houses fusion?
Joe
i'm glad i'm not the only one who lowkey cried a bit of excitement upon seeing the trailer
With some HIGH TECH research I think the evil team is team sear
Lol Paldean woopers has a six pack
which one are you guys gonna pick? Ima pick Quaxly
6:00 ITS SO SQUISHY cetitan am I?
I love fidough it's so cute
Both games look fantastic, but i’m sticking with the version that has Salamence as an exclusive, if Salamence isn’t an exclusive then i’m just picking random
as someone who was literally 7 when the first games came out in the US.... i have lost ALL love for the series since sword/shield... and BD and SP were utter trash remaster/remakes. and legends arceus bored the everliving fuck out of me.
I’m guessing Pokémon scarlet is like ancient Pokémon and violet is like future pokemon
Actually Pretty weak sauce
my thing is are all the leg still in the game?
Get scarlet you get female professor you Simp
great video :D
it’s getting worse every time
HEY THE GHASTLY LOOKED DIFFERENT SMOOTH
Crystal pokemon?!?!?!
I'm seeing things for the games on ebay is scarlet out or are those just fakes
Hype bro hype
Hi plurplecliffe
Do we have nat dex?
Pooper
Pokemon biker gang be like:
pokemon 5D's lmao
They didnt show a Paldean version of Quagsire which leads me to believe that Wooper has a new evolution 👀
1.2k comment 12 hours
I feel that koraidon should get more love
Purplecliffe laughed so now a pokemon has to die
YEAH BOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYS
The wooper reaction was priceless 🤣
I just now figured out grusha is a guy
I swear i heard SHOW ME THE WHOOPER
he got so dang excited for the fact that wooper had a regional form 😤
the stream was lit.
Koraidon when it beacome a motorcycle look so wierd
I like how the starters next the player are tiny
This is gonna be even better than legends arceus
FI DOUGH  I FUCKING LOVE IT
I think one of the three stories will lead to becoming a Pokemon Professor. That'd br awesome. Ur noy going to school for nothing.
I need a counter for how many times jack had the screaming seizures
This is the fakest, most over the top reaction video I’ve ever seen.
Just came from watching the vod
This whole video in 1 word: EXCITEMENT
Ok but the voice actor sounds like he’s on a Headphone mic
competitive play is going to go fucking wild after terrastalization
I guess it’s only me that cares about Miraidon….
Aaaaaahhhh!!!!! My favourite pokemon gardevoir is in the game!!!!💖 I also love the new special evolution method💖
Who else came here from the stream and just wanted to see the wooper reaction
hey pupleclife dm me if you want shiny  chad only if u  let me  in 10 of  your videos in legend arcus
your rival or whatever is fucking named pneumonia
Pooper wooper look deez jukers
Was that a regional pyukumuku?
GOGOAT!!!!!!!!-!--!
#11 on trending wow jack
Teraztalizing gimmick.. Although it changes the weakness and resistance of a pokemon whose changed type due to the gimmick. Will it affect the supposed STAB move of that pokemon?
Now, if the game got a good DLC, it will be the best pokemon game of all time.
I am so excited for this game. I just pre-ordered it today
The way the legendarys fly reminds me of dumbo
I love how this is the biggest news we’ve got about scarlet and violet and everyone is going bonkers over brown whooper
When is the next part of in space with markiplier
#11 on trending nice
They BETTER make a fidough plushy because I will be buying it in a heartbeat 🥰
Cute 🥺
I love cliffe's reactions more than any other YouTuber because when he screams he actually means it
Add one more to “Pokémon Games PurpleCliffe will not beat a laugh challenge of”
Ok, this is GOTY  for me easily.  So easily.   Possibly for over the past 5 years.   Taking it to Breath of the Wild in giving you the Box Legendaries who are _Transformer Bikes_ near or even at the start in order to traverse a true Open World?!    3 differenn,, stoories,, whaa?? I think I'm gonna pass out lol.
You good?
Jack out here squealing over Wooper and  Fidough... and I'm here for it. XD
Istg if "treasure hunt" only means/another word for just "catching pokemon", imma slap his old ass
3:05 I already pre-ordered both since I couldn't choose, but I prefer Scarlet. The past is always more interesting to me than the future.  Why did you make a $500 bet about Mystery Dungeon?
I can’t believe rather than using it’s wheels, Koraidon does the Phlintstones.
OMG
He already died at the start of the video from a wooper 😅
I can see a collab with Pokemon and swarovski crystals and me going broke in the future.
THE TREES NO WAY!
“Hes the bad guy”
I was so surprised that the trailer was 2:50 because I felt like it was so much shorter (not like saying it's a bad thing I JUST WANT THE GAME RN BRO)
I thought I saw Todoroki
Treasure hunt guy is definitely not good guy
I never saw somebody so happy for a redo of wooper in my life
i had the same reaction of the tiny boi
Wooper
i always pretend to get a girlfriend in pokemon games for some reason at first i loved nemona but now i really like penny aswell
I have to get these games!
IF YOU FOUND ME FROM A COMMENT YOU HAVE TO SUBSCRIBE
PurpleCliffe, When you get SCVL you need Water Mommy.
Me and my friend are also getting violet UwU なたやまかなたな
ITS OPEN WORLD ITS OPEN WORLD ITS OPEN WORLD AAAAAA HEHEHEHA YESSSSSSSS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA POKEMON BREARH OF THE WILD, BOTW 2 AAAAAAAAA ITS MULTIPLAYER TOO IG IM SO HYPED I WANNA DIE YESSSSSS HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
They FLY now?
Honestly, the 3 things I'm most hyped about are Wooper, Skiddo, and Pikachu having it's original cry back. Or at least I hope.
0:13 i had the same reaction i love wooper
You can’t tell ‘em this game isn’t going to be really fun
SKEDOO GOT TO SEE SOME SHINE
the female professor is on scarlet  that is 100% made me think you will go with scarlet :V
I can just imagine all the "Ride_on" jokes Cliff will commit!
It's breath of the wild but with pokemon
is grusha gru's girl friend
My little brother rushed me like “Jaden jaden there is a new Pokémon game on your birthday”. Me ._.
did anyone else notice the possible paldean mankeys wandering around at 54 seconds?
I watched PM7 and MandJTV’s reactions and all three of you immediately noticed the wooper and it makes me happy.
Mate, as of watching… 8 hours after the presents.. this is #8 on TRENDING OVERALL!!!  Congratulations Jack!
You canot convince me that the violet legendary does not look like protegen furry
I really want Violet now,purely because of the Violet like legendary you could say.
Pudplecliff called gardevoir            Mommy             I unsubed
No mega?
I have an idea once Pokémon violet/scarlet comes out you should get the GANG and do a challenge or just do something differentiate would love that
The new gimmick looks lazy and the graphics still look bad- I think I’ll pass
Remember folks, Glusha is confirmed male.
I'm getting Violet too!!!
tbh im disappointed with the fact that they made the legendary pokemon into a HM slave basicly, you need a bike here you go, you need to fly, here you go, of you need to climb here you go all in 1 pokemon, and wtf is that crystal thing, tbh  unless they keep previous mechanics in the game ( megas ect...) pokemon will start to decline slowly, since the more they try to expend the more they touch territories where it turns people off, so imma stay with the old game and dont care for the future ones, have fun and enjoy the game peeps, this is the end of my journey as a trainer
Plot Twist: Paldean Wooper *does not evolve.*
Everyone gangsta til they find out Grusha's a male
It looks fun
I watched this video on purplecliffe and purplecliffe3
swarovsky pokemon???
holy shit
I’ll pick sprigTito because of the cat and I like cats
Is this a meme
I said this on Mikey's reaction to this already, but let's be real here: The new Legendaries' names are deez nuts jokes for a whole new generation.
Finally a team of food is possible in a 3d game
Yes yes. It’s what I wanted. But where’s the sound type.
me finding a shiny and my friend just comes and catches it... i will scream if that happens lucky i have no freinds
Pooper looks so smooth in the rain just like normal poop XD
I swear if the graphics end up looking like Pokémon sword and shield I will cry
Sad I can't be with Sada, but I must get Violet because it looks better and may have better things in it. Also it has the cooler legendary fight me.
Man almost started crying
Just happy my boi dragonite gets one he was treated dirty cause its name is dragonite for mega evolution
"Three different stories" I just hear dlc
MOMMY!
Pooper whooper
I bet Cliffe’s gonna dump Cynthia for Sada don’t rebuttal me you know I’m right
So for stories we're getting the story, post-game content, and post-post game content.
We were right bout the bikes!
Why the pokemon using shivas diamond dust from final fantasy?
THEY GAVE US FREEDOM!!!!!!!!!! also the gardevoir is mega mommy
My prediction for a shiny tera pokemon is a literal flashbang.
Search of the trash his Pokémon trainer in the world is said you purple clip your the trash is Pokémon trainer in the world
Anyone else think nomona’s name was the disease
Bruh
Pokémon violet team
I can’t wait to see charizard
The game looks very good! But to bad I don’t have a intendo switch
I think for the little powers it looked like they were getting freeze dried
POOPER
Bring back Mega evolution
Yessir
Jack puts so much work into these vids and makes all of are days great. Thanks so much. 1
i wanna know if there over world shinys and if they make noisease
No Furret 🥺🥺🥺 but yes to whopper
Hot water terra gardevor = squirt mommy…🥵🥵🥵
I watched the live presentation for the first time in my life, and I was so excited by everything, I just kept typing "AWGSEJFGS" and such in the chat out of excitement lol PurpleCliffe's reactions to this was a delight to see, so funny and adorable, especially when he teared up. x3 Also, WAIT A MINUTE, DID THAT NOIBAT EVOLVE INTO NOIVERN IN THE *OVERWORLD* ???? 1:55 THAT IS SOOOOO COOOLL!!!!
Dynamax but crystal
ur only valid if u use lechonk on ur team and dont evolve it
Purple loves pokemon so much lol, wholesome
Comment for algorithim
Shiny chad with the new tera thing
Man had a stroke looking at pooper
"Alright, team, the new game has to be ready in a few months and we still don't know what the gimmick will be this time around. Thoughts?"  "I've heard people really like Megas, maybe we could iterate on that?"  "Nah, Megas are old news, what else?"  "I have something! Hear me out...make the pokémon be literal crystal pendants, like the ones your grandma use to have on her shelves. Also, put giant, like really out there stuff on their heads, like...put a giant chandelier on its head lmao"  "That. We'll go with that."
Frokie better be in there
Bro said “se-tee-tan”
Didn’t they just release a new Pokémon game? What’s happening here?
This is Legend of Zelda Breath of the wild but in pokemon
What the heck was t- that🤯
Anime?
Purpleciff when you play the game for the 1th time you sould do new Pokémon and new region forms only play though
despite how good the game looks the pokemon fandom will still find something to complain about
i also thought that the director is the bad guy lol
Legends arceus 2.0
SLAKING IS FINALLY BACK WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I didn't really like the purple legendary at first by now it sort of looks like toothless lol
Still don't understand the point of the wheels on the kegenodaries when it's clear the red one just ran anyway
Transformers finally met Pokemon
And the worst shi- is that its not coming out until november!      (Ik that you can buy early game, but i dont think its the full vers of the game. I have no idea, wont test it tho dont wanna waste money.)
im just gonna call grusha grisha from aot XD
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Bro Grushas a boy 💀💀💀
Everyone goes crazy when they see new Pokémon but two years later it is nothing to them
Mega evolution: changes certain pokemon into cool strong forms. Z moves: gives pokemon insanely strong move Gigantamax: makes pokemon giant and have stronger moves Teralize: HAT
Just now in 2 months this is ours
Me and my siblings has a competition on who gets the pastry don and Lechonk first, and the winner gets 15 dollars. My entire house is just Pokemon fans.
This is the greatest game in history  Prove me wrong  (Only nintendo games)
Yeah im getting scarlet alright
smebep needs to leave
We Lost Pokémon Legends arceus DLC....
Terastal is just flashy mega evolution that all pokemon can do, change my mind
wooper is Ground Poison?
Hey cliffe, I speak Spanish and I noticed that Clavell’s name could be roughly translated to “key”
I was there!! Live.
I want my puppy to have a big leaf on its head
I read Naranja Acadamey as Narnia Academy  God, I'm stupid
Bro stop yelling
ayo mommy
I’m still seeing a lack of frog ninjas
I personally want a new wooper evo.
I was watching the stream and it was 9pm in my country and I fell asleep while watching the stream
I still dont know which version to get
Competitive is gonna be so messed up.
effin pooper 💀 Also who tf getting scarlet, violet is superior
@Purplecliffe Violet legendary be looking  Like the FORTNITE battle bus
I'm absolutely the most excited for these games than I EVER been for Pokémon games 😁
Can we get a massive Pog in the comments
I think plurplecliffe had a stroke
Koraidon's "wheels" don't even move when you ride him!!!!
The way he said squishy when he saw filodough or whatever it’s called
Your reactions are the best!
I see grapes
Okay so am I literally the only one wondering why that sunflora was in a pot. Is that just a thing that they've done before and I somehow missed out on it? Because now I'm wondering if we can plant our grass type Pokemon lol
Ok be honest who’s buying scarlet and violet because both professors and legendaries look bangin
water tera Gardevoir can squirt on a hole new level
Pokemon is finally giving us what we want
PLEASE TELL ME ONYX GETS ONE OF THOSE CRYSTAL FORMS, DUDE
I have a hunch that Kiraidon and Miraidon arent the legendaries seeing as they are your partners and getting the legendaries of the region is very endgame.Could be wrong tho theres prob more legends
ik  this isnt related to the vdeo but                                                               me:waching the vid ad:shows up the ad:a girl in a loo throwing toilet paper at people that are a dump also me:what the heck did i just see
I WAS HERE LIVE, RISE UP WOOPER GANG!
If you get pokemon violet, you have to call yourself VioletEdge instead of PurpleCliffe
I don’t think I can wait anyone wanna use my time machine to jump into the future so we can play this already
Me when see you see the pooper:A WATER FISH POKEMON IN GROUND DO DO DO DO
Tera types seem like a rehashing of the hidden power attack type but for Mega evolution gimmicks.
You said don't show us the evolutions for once lol. For Sword and Shield they didn't and they only teased silhouettes for Legends Arceus
I’m most excited for the "attack at your own pace" feature! I don’t have to wait 2 minutes for Timmy to hit leach-seed
My g this maybe the next best Pokémon e
The two legendary Pokémon I’m calling them Lizard dog, good unknown gender legendary Lizard dog.
BRO WTF IS THIS, THIS LOOKS BETTER THEN WISHING MEGAS AND ALL STARTERS
I’m so exited for it but it still come out in more than a year so…
Here’s the thing tho this game is gonna be huge and have tons of things in it but it one of the few Pokémon games to release the year it was announced. Damn Pokémon is reaching its second peak!
So what are the chances that the Treasure Hunt plotline is the pokemon version of Holes where they send you off to find stuff, you find something, and then the headmaster goes crazy trying to find more of what you found?
love the reaction to the wooper at the beginning you squealing like a Guinea pig was great
Whooper switched teams real quick
I reacted the same way for wooper
Pooper.
so i guess if the legendarys are our bike we might get them early
We need mass outbreaks
I’m just happy Gogoat gets to be in a game again and that Dragonite finally gets something, even if it is a Crystal form with a hat
It’s SE-TI-TAN.
WOOPER
this makes me want to yell the letter j  i dont know why  but   *j*
i almost screamed when i realised there is pineco
We waited two months and only got 3 new ones…
i cant believe this is a real pokemon game
Pooper
AYO WHAT THE HELL
Sianara
It's official. We're getting Pokémon Elden Ring
Literally delta species
I am so ####### excited
find something to treasure
This is gonna be a great Pokémon game The first thing I do when I get the game is grind for a wooper and call it pooper
They made the wooper have the n word pass
Hype!!!!
Bro let’s gooooooooooooooooo
O_O holy fuck dude.
Rip $500
Cool, im getting violet as well at least if the exclusives arent a total game changer.
REGIONAL WOOPERS LETS GOOOOOOOO
Give
Lol. I said the same thing when i first saw the new wooper
Purplecliffe: sawsbuck...  Also purplecliffe 5 seconds later: **screaming like a manchild at the sight of paldean wooper**
go back,dynamax and mega evolutions,hello TERA FUECOCO,IM INTERESTED IN THAT FIERY LAMP OF YOURS
they have gogoat!!!
No neopet
terastalyze makes the moves be a crystal,which can be stabby
That new gimic is a disappointment
"hi houndour!"     "HO- H- WOOPER!!!!!" **shake** "THERESAREIGONALWOOPER THERESAREGIONAL-  OHTHERESAREIGONALW-"
This trailer released on my birthday, nice.
Evolution stones on crack
The things that make the pokemon shine should be called shining stones
crystal mechanic
Yo Mr white I've perfected the recipe for crystal pokemon
Best thumbnail ever
5:45 wtf is going  on with your chat 😑
Who else likes Eelektross? I hope I’m not the only one😅
THEY FLY!????????????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THERESAREGIONALWOOPER
You're an amazing reactor I felt the happiness with you and that ending was just hilarious although I am sorry for your loss lol definitely earned a sub
I loved your reaction so much!!! I've watched this video multiple times becease of it!
Bro when i saw the legendary Pokémon I immediately choose violet
I love how you get so excited about the Woompers (that is how you spell it, right? I'm still kinda new to Pokémon so sorry if it's wrong! T.T)
8 love wiper to.
I love woper
R.I.P POKEMON MYSTERY DUNGEON,  EXPLORERS OF DARKNESS, TIME AND SKY REMAKES :(
8:16 they literally used 3 waifus in 1 shot lmao
Grusha kinda cute tho
Honestly cetitan is the coolest one here
I’m someone who likes the story element of Pokémon games, so you know I’m going full free real estate on these newer games when they come out.!
Another gen where the box art legendaries looks REALLY similar. How disappointing.
Yo
bro even tho i cant get it it gonna be friggin lit the day of release
Thé New mechanic IS OP like its a fight between weavile and scizor normally scizor wins but weavile use thé mechanic And become fire type andDESTROYS scizor
Hi
8:16 PurpleCliff simping for a simulation
Bro, i love it. Because its a Monster Hunter stories 2 copy. I swear, try this game or see Gameplays and then you will understand
Hi
2:13 Paper Mario Royal stickers in a nutshell
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOGOATT one of my favorite pokemon broooo
Who is getting violet? I am!
8:17   MOMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!?!@!@#@!!@   PURPLECCLIFFE SUS1@!#!   -every 11 year old
I love how extra the trainers are for catching Tera Pokemon.. like I hope they bring back the different throwing stances from Alola.. that was cool to have a bit more personality
6:21 I saw eiscue being traded with stonjurner so they might be version exclusives again so I might wait after the release to get eiscue but I also want that pikachu bonus from preordering
I don't know but what will the normal people of Pokemon world think that a 10year old kid is riding a legendary on streets for traveling
Before I didn't think I was going to buy these... But now I think I'll pick up Violet when it comes out.
Pooper The Nooper the III of the wooper grooper wooper family
Bro was flabbergasted lmao
I really hope my Boy Purplecliffe will make a walkthrough of this game Once it comes out
should I get scarlet or violet?
it's funny I just watched the trailer cus I got the email and I was rlly excited about wooper and the legendarys🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂
There’s a new magneton
you guys know that a purplecliffe reaction is going to be funny
2:38 bro flabbergasted right now lol 😂
Crystal onix is near bois
Can't wait for these games. Easily going to try and get both (always have since Sword and Shield to see which I prefer ((Shield if you're wondering))) I hope the branching stories would allow you to become a professor's assistant, maybe a gym leader, perhaps maybe some sort of Pokémon celebrity like an entertainer or something? This idea of branching stories is really only in fan-games, and to see them in the actual games is amazing! Also. Wooper as a poison type, wonderful. Fantastic. I only hope the shiny turns pink.
At 0:12 to 0:20 lol
I love that you’re reacting the same way I did  to each new thing
44792nd
I'm getting both for Christmas
the crystal thing is like mega evolution
I love watching purplecliffe's reaction videos coz he sounds like a child on christmas eve!
the legendary bike was true. wow
Best part SHE SAID UP TO 3, WE CAN FINNALY DITCH THE TERRABLE NPCS
That wooper caught me off Guard like you wouldn’t believe
Can we agree that the new gimmick is quite stupid. I mean there just stupid hat’s
i just watched the stream and it was really good! can't wait to turn my pokémon into literal crystals! (also i love fidough lol)
Zigzagoon got a 3rd evolution on his other form, do you think wooper will?
Seven-Hundred Forth
Looks like shit
I am going to have like 3000 hours on this game
I hope we can get open world shinies.
Cetitan design is so awesome. Just imagine having a giant walking whale on your team.
nerf miner
OOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
The genuine excitement for Wooper’s new form is just amazing and I loved it
WOOPER REGION FORM LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
There might be a Crystal Chad
I love it, but I am worried for the competitive side of terralizing😅
I'm not upset about no mystery dungeon but all this new stuff we just got is really good and I'm excited to see what happens when they all come
Bye bye 500
Bro small ant is gonna be so happy of woopie boy
Yo new whale Pokemon
She'll now whe know when you make a nuzlock and get wooper your gonna name him pooper
I gotta say, the new gimmick leaves me unimpressed. It’s just more of the same, with a different name. The crystalline forms look kind of nice, I wish the headpieces could look more unique for more Pokémon.
sick character designs and terrible pokemon designs lmao
Pokemon legends but better
What Pokémon game will you chose
My team will prob be 6 noiverns
Yes, I also want them to keep the evolutions a surprise but I doubt they will 😔
Lets hope the tutorial doesn’t take 3 hours
I’ve always loved wooper since I was a kid. So I’m extremely happy they are doing something with him.
H my it is like breviary wider and sneak together
I feel like the new snowy one that was battling Arcanine one will be another evolution of Snom
GRUSHA IS A GUY IAM LAUGHING THEY TROLLED THE ARTISTS SO DAMN HARD
So we can have fire picachus?
Fidough reminds me so much of a cinnamon roll and the fact they described it as squishy and soft just makes me want to eat it
violet doesn't have the hot woman from the past
😲
I approve of this video
the 666th comment
gogoat!!!! i saw Skiddo!! finally
I love how the game's coming out 6 days after my birthday AND I CAN'T WAIT TO GET VIOLET!!! I wonder what the other two stories are gonna be and I wonder what the shiny Tera forms are gonna be like and what are the shinies of the new pokemon gonna look like and same with the shinies of the final evolutions of the starters and idk about anyone else that's a cat person but I am so gonna choose Sprigatito i'm sorry if this comment annoys anyone I'm just super excited about the new game and I hope everyone else is too😊 hope everyone has a great day, night, or evening! 😊 also Cliffe if you see this and read this just wanted to let you know that I can't wait to catch wooper and I think that the game will be amazing!!!
ELECTROSS yay finally
LETSSSSS GOOO!!!!!
Honestly hyped for this game. They seem to be taking a lot of different liked elements from different games: den battles, and elements the community liked/wanted: multi player and new types of hunting rare collectables. Especially like that these games are pushing more of a 'tour story is your own' feel. Although, can't lie, personally not a fan of how the legends are basically just PokeUber now 💀.
🎶 we are getting a new wooper🎶
This game looks insane!
0:14
All I thought when I heard the name Grusha was The Rise Of Gru
I like how they make 2 Pokémon games when they delay Botw2
I love the reaction at 0:13
Kind of feel bad for Kraidon. Even though it has wheels it still has to Flinstone it's way along the land using it's legs. At least mriadon just farts jet streams out it's back to propel it.
I had a theory that the new gimmick may be about changing types but the crystal-forms caught me off guard.
I still like the games it’s just I think that Tara is going to be a bit broken
Loved seeing your reaction to Fidough. It’s literally a squishy dough baby, and I NEED it on my team! And it’s fairy type! And… Oh no, I just realized something. Since it’s a dog made of dough… does that mean it can be considered a pure-bread?!
The Paldea region looks really hecking fun to play with your friends, I just hope they have Buneary in the game as it launches. It wouldn't be a Pokemon adventure without a Lopunny on my side.
Is it just me thinking that Tara is going to be an insanely overpowered and mechanic
Honestly during the stream I realized do you always drink from a mason jar also I love the whooper form
I am so hype now
Cliffe which one are you choosing scarlet or violet
This whole Terastalising malarky makes Dynamax look like crap.
The multiplayer in the main game is gonna open up so much content possibilities ! So hyped for this game man
There's no buenary in this trailer and im getting scared
Bro I want violet now. But I haven’t even ever completed a single Pokémon game in my life 😭😭
really bugs me how terrible those graphics are for 2022
omfg
That’s not mega that’s beautiful
Wow
Cetitan looks cool af🔥
hydreigon confirmed!
That's kind of stupid that they get a crystallized form or whatever they call it and the Pokemon basically gets a hat and they're all the same it'd be one thing if there was like five different configurations to the hats but they're all the same all the grass Pokemon get a couple of flowers on their head and every single one is the same
You better bet all your money everyone’s gonna catch the regional form wooper
IM SO EXCITED😆😆😆
There’s a lot of good r34 materials here🤤
Wtf it's a jeep a popular transportanion in the Philippines
Well I'm getting both!
I'm getting scarlet just look at the bike/legendary pokemon
I hope there's an ice type pokemon where his tanky
me choking my cat: :)
That looks like a really fun game. TOO BAD IM TOO POOR TO AFFORD SHIT.
imagine fighting someone who has a grass type and then when you use a fire move it crystallizes into a water type
I’ll get violet
Quagsirenand wooper stan right here
4:17 anyone getting a resemblance from the girl from the anime suppose a kid from the last dungeon boonies moved to starter town
next we’re gonna get pokémon car
I was thinking about getting quaxely and now that the grass type starter spaghettino looks so cool with its new form and I want it now
Loved your reaction, this got me pretty excited
I love how Jack sounded like he was having an aneurysm when they revealed regional wooper
win the game with LECHONK
They make it look like it isn’t hard to get the legendaries, and they say they keep everything we loved, where is mega evolution
I'm starting with the gyms!
His reactions were so out of wack it made my screen lag 😂
Who cares about this when you have a new palworld trailer
i love how your reaction to a wooper is "aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and to the legends is " huh?"
"Calm down, sir, it's just a regional variant."
THEY CAN FLY NOW?
POISON TYPE WOOPER  BOTTOM TEXT
After following Adrive the past few months I was like "hehe I knew all this already and reactions are funny to see"
Scarlet and Violet look trash and so does the paldea region.
Quandale
Video: "What will you acheive" Purplecliffe: "He's just like me" My brain "Nothing"
Wich are you gonna choose purplecliffe?
I'm doing ma chores
Huh, i thought giraffarig was supposed to be one of the new past/future mon, but if you pause at 0:36, it's  completely normal
How can you call yourself PURPLEcliffe and not get violet SMH
broo tera types are basically just mega evos and i’m so happy
I’m getting violet
“We’ve kept everything you love about Pokémon”  **Doesnt have mega evolutions**
The Male professor looks like Chad 😂😂
5:51    The bread Pokémon
The overworld still has those N64 graphics😂 hope they clean up the game though, cause some of the pokemon were choppy in their animations
I was watching your stream
COOL
I was getting the same feeling as Jack, especially with the wooper
My big question is how are people going to nuzlock them
I pray that the game exclusives are gone.
I just wanna know if you can catch Pokémon like you can in arceus.
The trailer and all the stuff was very epic and I hope you enjoy the experience if you get it.
Bro this is so hype 3 Different Stories to CHOOSE!
Purplecliffe:sees gardevoir Also purplecliffe:MOMMY!? Edit:it’s at 8:15
Srry im an hour late
These games. Look so awesome. I am buying both of them so I can see the difference in the games and I'm starting with Violet because that one looks like a freaking motorcycle and you get to actually start with the legendaries!!legendaries! This is too cool and three Stories! This is gonna be absolutely insane!!!
So I guess pokepark wasnt open world huh?
Pooper nuzlock lets go
Am I the only one who is disappointed. The legendaries look wonky, no mega or z moves, the new crystal thing is very similar to past upgrades and it just feels off
Yu-gi-oh: CARD GAMES ON MOTORCYCLES Pokemon: POKEMON ARE MOTORCYCLES
Regional wooper literally black facing smu
DRAGONITE IS MY FAVORITE POKÉMON IM SO GLAD THEY ADDED IT
8:15 MOMMY: me What immediately dies laughing
pokemon violetcliffe
This game is gonna be the best
I just realized they gave Pikachu it's normal older game cry rather than it having it's higher quality one that they've been usually having for the past several games. 1:12
I'm calling it, the "evil" team is gonna be a bunch of bullys
This game is gonna be clean tho🗿
please tell me I'm not the only one that saw the white gastly
0:13 *gasp* HOA HOA HOA WOOPER EODJFJREOFJEND  1:16 MOMMY?  2:05 what is that? WHAT IS HUUH? WHAT DID THEY JUST? WHAT? WOAH? HO HO HO HO   2:43 -_-    what comes after two kids 4:15   4:59 gigachad   5:43 bro loses it over a wooper    5:51 bouncy ball sound?   8:50 new pokemon cry   9:12 me when your mom
I THINK WE ARE GETTING A NEW GHASTLY
Sheeeeehs
Honestly the new shown pokemon that I’m really interested in seeing is Celtitan, it has such a unique design that looks completely different from what you’d expect from pokemon that im dying to know more and if it can evolve more
Why don’t y’all comment what game are you gonna play? Comment 🔴 for Scarlet and🟣 for violet                          👇🏻
bro i think i found my new fav pokemon game my fav was black and white
Yo Pokémon will never die they tried to bring back Mega but with a twist this game is gonna worth the wait
The reaction… priceless.
CRYSTAL POKEMON!??!?!?
Still not better than mega evolution
Wtf
I was in that stream i was spamming Lechonk is mommy remove Cynthia Lechonk is our new mom
WHAT A THING TO WAKE UP TOO
Those eevee changes are foreshadowing for Chloe's eevee
I'm so excited for the new new Evolution thing
HOLY MOLLY!!!
Wooper turned to pooper
5:47 surely now this is smallants favourite region
I wonder how much or little work it took to make the gem forms of the Pokémon
That bet with pm7 was really close
Don't we always get 3 different stories tho? One about becoming the champion, one about defeating the evil team and one about the legendary?
Gomg guys... There's a regional Wooper
When u find out u can ride the legandaries in every way: bye bye ride Pokemon
There were many poketubers reacting live but I knew Cliffe will be one of the best to watch and react with
I was dying when I saw POOPER
If chad is not in this game then I’m not getting it, there better be chad in this game or I’m not getting it
So did they basically do mega evolution with some extra steps and a little bit more content?
Even if the games are gonna be mid, multiplayer is gonna make it so much fun
nemona more like nemonia
Don't lie we all had the same reaction as Jack to Whooper's new variant xD
This looks great. Now I’m torn between. Getting this and legends.
i wishi had the money to pre order it
CRYSTAL FORMS ?!?!
YOOOOO
Can’t wait for Pokémon training wheels and future motorcycle
Yo
I nearly cried when they said Fidough was squishy I need a plush of it immediately
I hope that they add a sussy baka type
Yo
I love the robot legendary bc blue is everything to me but I love the prehistoric dinosaur raptor look of the scarlet one it's so hard to choose which one I want
Purplecliffe are you gonna simp for cynthia or sada more now?
Excited to see the reaction!
Why do the legendary Pokemon look like motor bikes?
he has my atention too jack XD
5:25 they made a ice-type gym - leader named Grusha? As Russian, I find it hilarious ("Grusha" in Russian means Pear. I don't know if it's intended, but still).
Now this is the pinnacle of game development, as they even said themselves in the trailer that they kept EVERYTHING the community (people) like, and they added more to the stuff they liked, such as the not having to wait for little timmy in raids, more storyline that is self paced, and even co-op in the story!!!!!! im excited af for this
OKAY I KNOW MY TEAM ALREADY sprigiatto or quaxly (depending on final evolution) lechonk becasue LECHONK WOOOOOOOOOOPER EEVEE EEVEEE EEVEEEEEEEE miraidon and another lechonk because i can
Me as soon as I see raids rare Candy’s or more exp I need my level 100 vikovolt from sword
Maybe terratalizing is the reason why they got rid of hidden power
I watched it live! Pooper lol
I am litterly going to buy a Nintendo light just for this game
With kuraidon and miraidon they just turned all of the rideables Into one lol
Quagsires BST is only 430 so I think there's a good chance it gets a regional evolution
It looks amazing, but I am a bit disappointed in the Terastalize mechanic. It looks cool and the type changing is very interesting, but it's just another universal boost that makes top tier pokemon even stronger while the weaker ones struggle even more to compete
I’ve never seen my Pokémon team full up so quickly, and the game hasn’t even released.
Your excitement is infectious. Keep doing you, Jack!
I'ma drive on a mythical Pokemon like it's a bike.
0:45 go back he wanna be monkeh
I just want freaking mega evolution back
What the Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu...
*Dragonair 😤😤
i don’t care that they’re technically not, penny is non binary are gorgeous
The WOOPER
so.. you have the legendarys at the beginning.. you just cant battle with them? man this just took a 180
It's just a wooper
Purple cliff dont insult smallants woopy boy
I can’t believe they added Pikachu.
Visit
the best pokemon game i bet
Wooper
Crystal mode damn it Wooper remake The name of the region New pokemon Pokemon scarlet and violet's legendaries I am quite excited to just see gameplay
Idk how I feel about terastelize
They’re called Koraidon and Miraidon. Ko-ride-on, Mi-ride-on..it was there from the start!
I’m more hyped for this game then before I thought it was gonna be just the same thing again but it looks so different
what in the digimon was that crystal form?
Them saying they keep things we love when they took away dynmax and mega evolve
05:04
i haven't seen the trailer until watching this and my mind was absolutely BLOWN AWAY BUT WE GET DRAGON MOTORCYCLES LET'S FRICKING GOOOOO!
Im not excited cuz i doubt id buy it ;-;
Wait there could be a chance that MARTIN AND HIS SOLROCK ARE GONE FOR GOOD
I am so excited for this
In the middle of watching this video my mom called me downstairs to say that our family cat died 🥲
Only the real ones watched to 40 minute VOD that got deleted off of this channel and then watched the 10 minute reaction again anyway
miraidon A LEGENDARY POKEMON
I've never seen a youtuber milk reaction content so fast I'm stunned jack, actually stunned
This game looks amazing!
how did he get to the back of the room so fast
Clevel is bad
Mommy
The terastilise mechanic seems like an more powerful hidden power
Let’s go we got a pooper I mean different form of wooper
RIP Mystery Dungeon, yet again we’ve got nothing :(  SV look so cool tho omg
How much times did purplecliffe even say “what”?
I WANT THEM SO MUCH!!! (I only have one Nintendo game that is actually mine and it is Pokemon legends: Arceus.)
I wanna see Forrest Valkai react to pokemon Scarlet and comment on all the forms and pokemon inspired by ancient animals.
Aw, my crusty skeptical heart is warmed by how excited he is. Okay, okay, I'm getting hype too.
Pre ordered let’s go
I don't understand why everybody looks evil. At first people said professor sada and turo would be evil and now the leader of the school is evil because he's an old guy. Smh 😔😔😔
I say off version of mega evolution for terastillite.
I can't belive what I saw there was tire stuck in that Pokémons....... but. WHat is even Pokémon thinking. I can't even imagine what's next
Hh
Yo Cliffe these games look so cool and I’m so excited for regional wooper too
YES A NEW WOOPEF
Before one hour gang
Good video purplecliffe I going to pick the water type
How dare you wooper is not pooper he is god
JACK YOURE AMAZING
The two legendary are basically Kamen Rider Ryuki and  Knight survive mode bike LMAO
SmallAnt will shit him self
Finally another game with Gogoat in it
I kinda wished they didn't make these games have new regional forms they have done it since 2016 to me it's getting stale now
It’s Spain!!!
THE SCARLET LEGENDARY DOESNT RIDE ON ITS WHEELS IM GETTING VIOLET
Pokemon is finally JRPG!
Pokemon can go vroooooom now
LECHONK DRIP
I think the crystallize mechanic is neat but not a fan of all of them getting silly hats
I'm taking pride in saying that the Pokemon will be in a crystal like form for the new mechanic for gen 9
With the Deerling, Tynamo, Skidoo, and Ducklett lines returning, I think they're adding all the Pokemon not available in Sw/Sh and Bd/Sp into the game, so you can have a full pokedex in Home.
this is like Pokemon sword and shield but in 2022 and better
I love that Cliff didn't want them to show started evos meanwhile I am sitting here going:  please please please let me see what that cat turns into!
Also, you can do gym battles in any order you want. You didn't notice that part
The animation during terastilizing is so pretty
Cliffe ia simping to pprofeser now xd
3... 2... 1... Wooper. AAAAHHH!!!!
Pooper the best Boi
If they eat pokemon how would they eat POOPer
POOPER?
I love all of Purplecliffes content and I can’t wait watching all of the new content at 6 in the morning 😅
Hello
Lmao they covered wooper in mud
Its so dope, i can see so many memes flooding in
That second tire on Koraidon… Isn’t that his crotch when he’s standing? So his crotch… inflates.
I'm getting I'm getting Scarlet because of the girl yes
Thanks, I hate the nickname “Pooper”  (But not you, Purplecliffe)
I love how he breaks down and cries upon seeing pidough
Hopefully you can do all 3 stories at the same time and I hope the Pokédex is like the legends arceus where you do research to fill it up and complete
sprigatito Is the best
So I wasnt the only one who scream when i saw Paldean wooper
Basically maga evulutions
All of the character designs are amazing…..but why is the protagonist design SOOO BASIC!!!
Fun fact: grusha is a dude In german there are three forms of "the" for three genders and in the trailer there titelt him as "der" what is the "the"  for the masculine gender
hi
The Pokémon presents: you can play with up to 3 friends. Me: And I took that personally
Normal/ ghost Shedinja time
“I’m getting violet, I’m getting violet” purple=violet
Why is the stream private
It’s crazy! Also I just got 2 full odd shines in legends arceus! A monfurno and a clafebal
Tbh I just want quagsire to be the same but brown lol
SKIDDO IS BACK! OMG THIS IS THE FIRST TIME SINCE GEN 6 OoO
They know what they did making Gardevoir's new type the Water type
This is why switch hass the best exclusive
Rest In Peace jack
yo the wooper is soooo cuteeeeee
JEEZUS
Bro red past dragon with ear wings have wheels and uses arms to travel while future cyberpunk boi uses wheels
im early i guess?...
If they don’t add froakie frogs died or Greninja ima be p*ssed lol
DUDE THERE'S TREASURE POKÉMON!!!!!!
P O O P E R
i see, another Violet fan.
Jack, the new power up thing is where you crystalise your Pokémon, raising their stats. Pretty much mega evolution
I smell a Penny !
Violet gang!
Am I the only one who doesn’t like the Legendaries? It seems dumb to give Koraidon a wheel if it just appears to run everywhere 😅
Was I the only one thinking Sailor Moon crystal power when they showcased the Terastallize mechanic?
THIS IS SICK! I CANT WAIT FOR NOVEMBER!
AHHHHH I JUST WATCHED THE VID IT LOOKS SO GOOD!!!
HUH????
Tera types seems like a better hidden power
Man why do u get legendaries as bikes, what's the point of them being legends then
“Mommy!?!?” 😂😂😂😂
W game + Lechonk and wooper clap
Im sad they didnt add other gen starters, really wanted to find a flock of rowlet
They gave wooper the pass
It comes out on my birthday
Hello I was in the stream
Why tf did they gave the red one wheel like things, HE RUNS WHY DOES HE NEED THAT LOL
IT LOOKS SO DOPE IM SO EXCITED AHHH 😍
Beam attack
suy
Tbh, I wasn't going to buy the games until I saw this. I think this is gamefreaks way of making some sort of different type of mega evolution just to satisfy us bc so many ppl were asking for it.
I guess he is Pokémon Tuber that dislikes leaks, because from reaction he showed he didn't know that 2 different leakers and one leak from yesterday is confirmed at this point.
i want mud wooper
0:13 his reaction is priceless
Hiii
The Pokémon have been all iced out
WOOOOOOOOPER
i love how the wooper looked like a normal wooper but covered in mud
Hey purplecliffe for a video could you play the original pokemon Red and do a nuzlocke on it please
woop
The new gimmick is... crystalizing ur Pokémon? That's pretty strange, it doesn't even match the game itself, but at least the theory with the crystals on recent titles of Pokémon show now.
i have a new form
that is so cool the diamond type on tier head will tell the pokemon's tera type that means u could have a water fuekoko
"Sawsbuck. Hi Houndour. HOHOHOOOOOHHHH WOOPER!!!!!"     OMG that killed me
Coop is cool and all But this is Nintendo online  We are fucked
I hope they add save slot
This looks awsome, I wasn't gonna play the game until i saw the new wooper, now im pre-ordering it.
Smallants gonna freak when he see's his woopy boi in a new form
WE GOT FOCKEN CRYSTAL EVOLUTION
Are we getting our own max raid system?
E
Yknow terastalize is a pretty good substitute for mega evolution ( still want it though)
E
WHOOPER
omg the reactions were so funny
AhahhHahahHAhahaBaajahahHhahahHhaha ThERreE IIiIiiIis AaAaaa rEGIONAl WoOpER
Fidough is a fairy dog 😍
I love how you lost your bet against PM7
Imma love this game
no one is talking about the fact that               There is like a 75% chance of voice acting because of this trailer reveal.   I know it may just be narration for their lines. Or maybe voice acting for main lines would be cool like catchphrases or like new pokemon snap.
my man is overreacting more than THE BITE OF 87 :O
I was there  we were there WE WERE ALL HERE
G-zus the bike think 🤮
I will say this now, if and when I get a Fidough, I’m calling it Cream Puff. Because that’s what I thought it looked like when I saw it
Paldea?! Oh so does that mean we get Pukihime too? Do we see Peco Arc?
They didn't show the final evolutions
They brought mega evololutions back. Whole games just complete with them
I want Mystery Dungeons back so bad
Cliffe’s reaction to the new Wooper was my reaction too.
So excited for jack to do a challenge
Wooper is now one of my favourite Pokémon behind lechonk who is number 2
YO THIS QUICK MY GUY BRO GOOD JOB
FIDOUGH OH MY GOD
0:12 why do you squeal like a piglet on helium
I feel like everyone is going to get violet but I’m definitely getting wooper
YOOO 20 MINUTE GANG
My opinion but koraidon looks kind of goofy when he flys
hey noob cliffe play Pokemon unite to be an epic pro
Guys they made a water gardevoir. Wet mommy
im more exited that elektross is finnaly in a game
Your reactions are amazing
I am so excited for the type changes in tera form and seeing how that will change how the game is played. This game looks so good!
GOGOAT IS IN THE GAME
Pooper!!!!!!
Anyone know what version they are getting
I can’t wait for this
Rip plurplecliffs bank account
Let’s go purplyclifeeeeee
I bet smallant gonna play it when it release
Who was in the live stream
In my personal opinion, Miraidon is better because it actually uses its wheels when running so it does have two giant tires flopping around doing nothing.
THAT GAME IS GONNA BE SO COOL
LONGEST POG POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOG
im here early
Wait a sec, did pokemon just confirm voice acting??
When I first saw Wooper, I thought it was covered in mud not a new form
bouta call miraidon dababy for turning into a convertible
Plz tell me I'm not the only one that's excited for them bringing back Gogoat.
Hi jack
Whooper scooper pooper looper
Bro This Looks So Sick
this game is gonna be AWESOME
This game makes me so excited, but I really wish they brought back mega evolutions, I like the look of the crystal evolutions but does seem like a gimic for every game
WoOPeR
your reaction was cringe as hell.......  im hoping that being barefoot will be allowed finally and im hoping for the god pokemon, shuckle to be in here somewhere
i cant buy it so i ma watch your vids
WHOOPOOP
Hi love you videos
0:52AHUPUUUUUUEH
I like how Kraiodon when he was first introduced he looked noble and kinda intimidating, but in this it looks like a dragon dog 😂
I noticed the new Wooper that might be a regional variant
Neither can i
Crystal Pokémon are interesting to say the least…
DISCORD GANG
CAN YOU HIT POKEMON WITH CAR
I see everyone is getting really hyped for Wooper
I watched the stream already and I'm prob gonna get violet.
Cool
Fart
Is it better than mommy Cynthia I mean what I mean
WE STAN PENNY!
I AM LOOKING FORWARD FOR THIS. ITS AWWWWWSOME
00:00 first time stamp comment👍
0:24 it’s me (I said WOOP)
I was there
The woofer alone is the best part
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
WOOPER IS SO CUTE
Cliffe that wooper kinda reminds me of you
Do we think the Battle Bus thing is a Pokémon? It looks like it could be a new type, maybe Sound and Electric?
Pls get scarlet
The professors 😳
I couldn't watch the stream earlier because Internet sucks in Philippines.
YES I CAN FINALY DONT HAVE TI WAIT FOR LITTE TIMMY ANYMORE WOOOOOPER
I want Fidough soooo bad!!!
Good video
Back in the 90's people ignored Digimon since they thought it was a crap copy of Pokémon, now the year is 2022 and Pokémon is officially changing its course to be Digimon. Mecha-bike-plane animals? Nahhhh.... Penny seems to be bestgirl already although I'd definitely let the woman at 5:32 step on me
Can anyone trade me any shiny mythicals or normal mythicals in pokemon home? I can give you enamorus or other shiny legendaries... If you are interested in trading then please commment.
VERY POWAG
As soon as I saw Clavell I also said out loud that he’s the bad guy lol
I can't believe he called my man Pooper in the thumbnail
The coconut nut is a giant nut If you eat too much, you'll get very fat Now, the coconut nut is a big, big nut But this delicious nut is not a nut It's the coco fruit (it's the coco fruit) Of the coco tree (of the coco tree) From the coco palm family There are so many uses of the coconut tree You can build a big house for the family All you need is to find a coconut man If he cuts the tree, he gets the fruit free It's the coco fruit (it's the coco fruit) Of the coco tree (of the coco tree) From the coco palm family The coconut bark for the kitchen floor If you save some of it, you can build a door Now, the coconut trunk, do not throw this junk If you save some of it, you'll have the second floor The coconut wood is very good It can stand 20 years if you pray it would Now, the coconut root, to tell you the truth You can throw it or use it as firewood The coconut leaves, good shade it gives For the roof, for the walls up against the eaves Now, the coconut fruit, say my relatives Make good cannonballs up against the eaves It's the coco fruit (it's the coco fruit) Of the coco tree (of the coco tree) From the coco palm family The coconut nut is a giant nut If you eat too much, you'll get very fat Now, the coconut nut is a big, big nut But this delicious nut is not a nut It's the coco fruit (it's the coco fruit) Of the coco tree (of the coco tree) From the coco palm family It's the coco fruit (it's the coco fruit) Of the coco tree (of the coco tree) From the coco palm family It's the coco fruit (it's the coco fruit) Of the coco tree (of the coco tree) From the coco palm family Ole!
Tera type sucks
Wooper has water absord as an ability for this game and it’s ground/posion
You know, I graduated this year, and I have to say, this reminds me of my graduation, just, without any Pokémon
who was there ?
awesome vids man love them so soo much
I cant wait to watch him play violet and scarlet
I want to get violet
Oh my goddddd
I could see people simping for Grusha. Grusha a male btw
The stream was really good Cliffe  I enjoyed being in it
What colours your Bugatti
Koraidon running is cursed
I still can't believe there are three different stories
Am so excited edit: it releases in no nut november :((
NEW WOOPER WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bro there is no way game freak is making this game. WHERE IS GAME FREAK AND WHAT DID YOU DO TO THEM!!!
purplecliffe i aggre i will also get violet
Hi
DPD purplecliff you are under arrest for insulting a man and calling him a dwarf by saying hes like you
the best part was the regional wooper part
K so it said “hope u catch pokemon with RARE teratype”, man imagine u need to find a pokemon with not only a good ability and nature for competitive, but also a rare teratype now lol  Edit: Wth happens when a pokemon alr has two types?
cool soo excited
Hi purpledaddy
that was really fun
Small Ant on his way to get this new wooper 😳
this what you just streamed
first I love ur vid btw
I can't wait to give the games a shot, I got both on preorder. Probably going to do scarlet more cause I like Kiridon more tbh
Love lechonk❤️
PALDEAN WHOOPER LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sooooo coool
Hello
Oh my God purple cliff you’re the best
Kumalala kumalala kumalala vesta
The thumbnail definitely was worth a chuckle
Hi purplecliffe big fan you are awesome 👍👍👍😊😊
Yo two minutes wow
He had the same reaction as me.
I'm early
Wooper
Regional WOOPER OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I literally watched the stream 2 minutes before this was posted. Thanks
Gogoat is in the game and that's the only thing I care about.
Pooper on top
I like how Jack screamed after seeing wooper
Yessir
This is really exciting. I really do hope that this game is as good as it looks.
Early   Potatooooos
How fast .. wait waht
Yo tengo?
THIS LOOKS AMAZING!
Bruh I  Was just there
LETSSS TRUCKING GOOOO
third
Masters EX baited literally everyone
First to watch
Wait a min
1 minute ago
He is so exited and cute.btw love ur gameplay
pooper is love pooper is life
I was typing like a few seconds in then I heard purple cliff have a stroke
first
4 seconds in and he’s pogging his pants
Bro had a seizure when he saw wooper
Wait I just saw him on his live stream and there's already a video.... ❤️❤️
I was just in you live chat that was fast
Pee pee poo poo
Hello
Un Un Un Un Un
PALDEAN WOOPER WOOOO
Anyone else wanna punt Fidough?
Wooper built like a  ☠️ 💧
I am so excited for this game
Just deez i don't what should i comment
I really wish they brought back mega evolutions.
I was the second like
gayt
pog
First
First?
I get no shine in my games, pls send help
Bro the live stream was only two hours ago
Claim your here before an hour ticket here
100th
WOOPER
Second
First
First
The upload speed holy geez
Second
Second likee
W
Lol
Hi
Lessgoooooo!
i love you your so funny
This game looks sooo good
E
Amongus
Yoooooo
First
Good
Friggedy
Hello
hi
I really want this game
Yooooooo
Hi I love you and the vids
Hi
That was fast
Gad damnit second tho
I was in live
First
POOPER POG
No one cares shadow ball x
Wooper
first
We both had the same reaction to regional wooper!
Who here is HYPE!!
69th
First
Terra mode is kinda dumb
Epoopooppoooopopoopooo
Yo new presents let’s go
First
Firts
🫠🗿🐟
First
Ello
Hi
Hi
Yo
First first first
Hi
First
first
First
Glizzymaster4444
What’s up
First
Hey
I’m first boi
Yo
Hi
6 seconds ago lmao
Sick
First
Nice
Hi
Hi
WOOPER YES
first
First
