You never go _full_ NileRed.
You need make system about 3 vertically stacks 5x3. The middle stack show an actually digit. The top one is hidden from watch. The bottom one is a bunker. For operate you must prepare two digit - actual and next. For change digits you must open columns stopper on bottom of second stack. The column of 10 ball each drop down into empty bottom stack where is own bottom stopper activated. After that you must activate the stopper of middle stack, refill top stack by new digit and make empty the bottom stack.
you may cover this later in the video, I'm only 2 min in, I've commented about vertical before, but here's a random assortment of other ideas I've had to optimize.   - the lift and sort system is pretty brute forced way of sorting, as a programmer it's disgusting lol (no offence meant).  instead maybe we sort them once all white in to a track and black in another, those tracks could be like a marble reservoir. and then we could directly release the marbles we want into the tracks. instead of only grabbing a marble if its want we want and pushing others to be resorted(time sink).   -merging all the tracks together and then sorting means we need a lot more marbles and are just hoping enough of a color end up in the track that needs them fast enough for the time change. you've added alot more white marbles to help with this, but its still crossing fingers, not guaranteed. so maintain the tracks, give each track the number of marbles (worst case) it needs for 2-3 "images"  (if we do this the reservoirs ) above would need to be two per track to maintain this.  how ever creating the reservoirs would also remove a lot of the need for this as its less likely that you'll get stuck waiting on a color but still possible.  - worst case we could remove black marble entirely and use some sort of mechanical flaps or stoppers to hold white marbles in place instead of counting on the black marbles which are basically just white space here.   -   - granted some of this ideas would require more complexity/cost in the mechanics/logic/hardware to complete and I'm not accounting for the increased difficulty before proposing these.
Why didn’t you just paint them black and white on each half and just rotate them
thousand mil a sec gotta go faster then gravity
Awesome video! This basically is a  mechanical black and white graphics card
So um... I feel like someone has already said this, but I've only seen part 1, 8, and whichever one you created the marble ladder for. Why aren't you only updating the "few pixels" that need updating? Given the 5x3 structure (15 marbles), to move from 8 to 9, you only need to swap 1 marble. top|second|middle||fourth|bottom, 0 = non-digit marble, - = digit marble, X = State swapped 0->1 = 7 Marbles XX-|X0-|X0-|X0-|XX- 1->2 = 8 Marbles XX-|00-|0XX|X0X|XX- 2->3 = 3 Marbles ---|00-|0-X|X0X|--- 3->4 = 5 Marbles -X-|X0-|X--|00-|XX- 4->5 = 4 Marbles -X-|-0X|---|00-|XX- 5->6 = 1 Marble ---|-00|---|X0-|--- 6->7 = 7 Marbles ---|X0X|XX-|X0-|XX- 7->8 = 6 Marbles ---|X0-|XX-|X0-|XX- 8->9 = 3 Marbles ---|-0-|---|X0-|XX- 9->0 = 4 Marbles ---|-0-|-X-|X0-|XX-  And when you look at it this way, you actually find out that Column 2, Row 2 and Row 4 NEVER BECOME DIGIT MARBLES. So you only need to have change channels to 13 of the 15 positions, and you AT MOST need to change 8 of them. Going from needing to change 15 marbles every second, down to at most 8 reduces a LOT of the time spent hoping the marbles get there on time.
You sir, are crazy!  I love it
If you've got the Playlist on Auto-play, be sure to remember to smash the "Like" button! (I'm sure I've got to go back and √.)
Es muy raro estar esuchando a alguien con un acento español marcado... hablando en inlgés jajaja (buen inglés pero igual). Muy buen video!
If you set the video speed to X2, at minute 10:30 it seems like I received a Skype call hahaha
You can seal the pathways and shoot the marbles out with compressed air to speed the cleaning
dude 0:19 is triggering me hard. why are there black marbles through the zero and 7? and the 7 is missing a white marble at the bottom and the other 7 as well missing bottom and middle. and the marbles arent lined up
This must have been so many marbles continously sweeping off the floor, day after day working on this
9:40 guy invented binary languaje
You could drop one marble per second onto a scale calibrated to the marble’s weight. Then the weight readout of the scale would be displaying seconds. The scale could dump the marbles at after 59 seconds to reset.
Perhaps I misunderstand, but by connecting the marble selection gates on each row, you effectively are forced to release each column separately in order to build the right digit. I suppose that's a concession made to not have to connect each individual marble selection gate to their own solenoid... But it comes with a long delay per digit, I'm curious how you're going to cope with that... ;-)
6:40 vaporgeshjfbhensabfkjesasition coating
Seriously someone needs to make a company that sells high quality, perfectly round to high precision, colored silicon carbide or high strength ceramic marbles (even non-magnetic metals can act weird around electronics due to eddy currents), maybe with some lead or tungsten in the middle to add mass (super dense, least conductive metals). I can think of at least two people who would buy them in bulk, that’s gotta be enough of a market right?
I don't know if it will work on chrome but gunblue might work better for coloring the marbles.
Build a simple marble clock thats not electric but wind up or pendulum.
Well, that's the idea I just told in the Pt4 from the previous clock! You are way ahead of me! lol
you can just buy some black marbles and use them
If I had 10% of the courage of this man... I would be rich
Muriatic Acid is the other and weirder name for Hydrochloric acid, which you can buy at the hardware or pool supplies at typically 35% concentration and is 'relatively' benign.
it would only take 5 hrs to do the 60 marbles not a week
"Thats not a process, that's a lifestyle choice." Definitely sbould be a shirt. 😊
Losing your marbles have never been better Illustrated.
Im definitely not any kind of engineer, but couldn't you use something akin to a bicycle brake line with the solenoid, so you can keep them as far away from the marbles as you want?
puto amo
You've heard of 'tick, tock'. Now get ready for 'crnkl vvvvaSKRACKKCHhhhh'
Muy bueno, Iván! Deseando ver la continuación del proyecto...
Its not a process its a lifestyle choice.... That was funny
Surely buying a small electric kiln and heating all marbles at once wouldve been worth it
I wonder how fast you could make them go if you used compressed air. 😅
Im surprised you did create a eay to automate that marble darkening process.
Have you tried using boiled linseed oil instead of (what appears to be) motor oil? Had pretty good results in appearance with only 1 or 2 coats and no cold blue, though the durability isn't great.
Dude, I’m half way through this and the insane understanding and skill to accomplish all this is top notch! Incredible!
seems like servos would have worked well on the 3-way switch design
At 10:11, for a row, because the 3 left/right gates are linked - does that mean you can only select left or right for all 3 together? So you can't do different black/white for each of the 3 independently? Ty
Oi-LED lol! A new type of TV, perhaps?
Why not forget the black marbles and use the empty gates as black? Its dark inside that beautiful mechanical monster clock.
3 weeks since this video, so we probably see 180 black marbles in the next video
Nice video, can I ask you what you studied?
IMPOSSIBLE....is not a word used by innovative people..
Pero si eres super españooool
why have the marble select machine for second? just make them go in a small loop
did we learn nothing, leave marbles alone. its not worth it
pfff make it run on one engine and clockworks xD
🙌 Promo-SM
Search for black oxide solution and you will find the solution for your stainless steal marbles
I think I have an idea for feeding the marbles to the reserve channels.  You'll still have the down ramp to a recovery pool, but a) lifting involves something that's basically an Archimedes screw to lift the marbles to the distribution point to three different chutes - one for black, one for white, one for return to pool (to account for the possibility of all of one color's channels being full at any moment).  From there, just have the black and white runs set up to lock out full channels and round-robin the reserve channels with accommodations for channels with fewer marbles - and counts of marbles can be had with a few optical sensors. This will simplify the distribution of marbles, but the idea I have is going to create more than just a bit of complexity, and more than one sorting elevator to maybe help speed things along.
7:02 the NileRed name drop, tho!!!
Couldn't you somehow use empty space instead of black marbles?
on de last vidio de marbel clok got an apgreid an i kan nau apdeit de taim ebri minit
Porque no haces estos videos tambien en español? 😮
You're fucking insane
Incredible.
Why not just apply the marbles that have to change?
Just a question I don’t know if your able to say but do you know about how much it cost to make something like that
Couldn’t you do this for the hours and minutes?
I appreciate it’s probably way too late by this point, but you could probably get a lot of those steel marbles red hot at the same time using an induction heater.
Love the series, thanks!
Here to watch incredible suffering.. I mean engineering
Could you just not release a marble instead of using black marbles? Clock is made of black plastic, absence of a marble might work as well as a black marble
Isn't it faster to push the marbles, instead of using gravity?
How about just replacing the digits that change from one color to the other? In that case you haven’t to release all channels but only a few.
Kiln! you could do whole batches of marbles at a time with a kiln or oven! you can try to borrow/rent a fancy electric one with precise temperature control, OR you can make a janky one in your yard! (see reply for tips)
This just keeps getting better
Ivan, you may have lost your marbles, but you've got balls of steel!
Anyone else getting Wintergatan vibes? :D
Why do you need black bearings at all? If they aren't supporting each other and are in their own slots individually, could you not just release regular bearings and leave blank spaces where the black marbles will go? It should save a CRAZY amount of time. You would have to rework your gates to open and close individually, and get one solenoid per slot, but it might be quicker than the black bearing option. Good luck!
ops we might be the blame for this 🤣🤣 great work man well done 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Always nice to see your work. Next time, look for a hardening oven(härteofen it is called in German) and then use old oil. Thats should help to color more marbels darker and faster.
Now it’s time to make a sundial with marbles, one that shows seconds 😂
At the very least if you’re gonna sit there and heat them all one at a time with a torch, do yourself a favor and go buy an oxyacetylene torch and rosebud tip. They are designed for heating metal. I would personally look at electroplating. Or maybe just get a bunch of stainless steel balls, and then one of the issues you had on this one can help you quite a bit in sorting because stainless steel does not stick to a magnet.
Instead of using two color marbles you can use only silver ones and leave empty the black "pixels"
Just stick with glass marbles!
¡Eres un genio! Saludos desde Málaga
obviously you don't need to change all marbles between numbers
I really wish this guy would have just been a farmer.
Please. Please make the first version of Marvel Clock live streaming.
You are such an inspiration
I think you can order pre anodized steel marbles
Maybe separated solenoids to color switch would increase the speed of the clock. Because the machine processes one color at a time. The algorithm already knows where and what color should be so I independent color switcher will make it as fast as a spaceship
I think he needs a separate horizontal solenoid for each gate, rather than joining them together. he has to open 3 black or 3 white gates each time, meaning he needs multiple cycles per digit. It could also be optimised by only releasing marbles when the colour needs to change.
Remember you can work smart not hard - not all marbles need to be replaced each cycle - a transition from 2-3 only needs 2 marble positions to change, for instance
Building a Marble Clock That Shows Seconds part 4: I got arrested for building a 15-barrelled, repeat-fire railgun.
17:52 your lower right marble malfunctioned
Towards the end of the video I noticed a lot of the actuators are firing in sequence, when the clock mechanism could operate more rapidly if the solenoid gates upstream didn't wait for the final gates to clear.  Also, In the display that loads minute by minute, one could conceivably mechanically program each channel to spit out the black marbles into a black marble bin and the white marbles into a white marble bin, by using analogue memory. If the seconds run through a repeating cycle of 0-6 in the tens place and 0-9 in the ones place, you could mechanically design a cam that kicks out specific marbles in the cycle. So in a cycle of 0-5 using a 3X5 display, the top row would look like 11111, 00001, 11111, 11111, 10001, 11111,  where 1 represents an "inked" marble and 0 represents a "blank" marble.  So every cycle, the first round of marbles are all accepted into a receiving bucket, the second only rejects the fifth marble into the secondary receptacle, the third and fourth rounds accept all marbles, the fourth rejects the first and fifth marble, and the fifth round accepts all marbles. In this way, you can make it so that you do not have to manually pick out the black and white marbles every minute. If you use this technique, I suggest making each digit place in the display run on its own timing and cam so that you do not have to design a way for the cycle to include 60 unique rounds, and only need to design a 0-9 cam and a 0-5 cam for the minutes places as well as a 0-2 cam (unbalanced!!! 0 has ten rounds, 1 has ten rounds, and 2 has only four rounds) and a 0-9 cam for the hours. That's if you're using 24-hour timekeeping.   By the way, as I can conceive of it, you'll have to design one cam for each row, or one for each column.   If you then put a belt that raises all the marbles to a selector that uses a similar cam system, you can make this clock run indefinitely, assuming no black marbles go into the white marble bin and no white marbles go into the black marble bin. Most of this wouldn't be necessary if you continued in the vein of using solenoids, but I'm fond of analogue machinery, so that's where my thoughts were heading.
7:03 In the future, perhaps put the steel marbles in a rock tumbler. This will abrade away the chrome evenly-ish. If you do not have a rock tumbler, try putting a bunch of grit in a bucket and several marbles at a time into the grit in the bucket. Then jiggle the bucket around for a few minutes. this will scratch up the marbles unevenly. If nothing else, you don't actually need muriatic acid to dissolve a bunch of metals. I once dissolved the surface of a bunch of tin-coated copper jump rings by putting household hydrogen peroxide and distilled white vinegar and some salt into a resealable bag. After a few days, the surface of the rings were all rough and the solution was blue, an indicator of the copper in solution. Normally, a chemist would use nitric acid to dissolve copper. I do not know for certain if this will work on chromium, but it's likely that if you can scratch the surface, it'll eat at the steel under the chrome. If the marbles are stainless steel, it'll eat at the chrome itself. This is a process called galvanic corrosion. If you were so inclined, you could pull it off using a sports drink or a soda. It is important to scratch up the coating first though, as otherwise the coating may be impermeable and there won't be electrical contact between both of the metals and the solution. A quick roll around in a bucket of grit will probably do the trick to that end. When using the hydrogen peroxide and vinegar and salt, react it in a glass container. The solution ate through my resealable plastic bag.
You can reduce complexity and marbles requred by making the column 2 rows 2 and 4 stagnant since those marbles stay always black. Also column 3 rows 1, 3, 5 will always stay white assuming numbers 1 and 9 are right aligned. That reduces 5/15 marbles 33% reduction!
I love how every video states something impossible to do YET and then making it real!!! - - -  Tengo sangre Gallega y me encantaria ir a estudiar a España (actualmente buscando becas!) Saludos desde Costa Rica hasta la tierra madre!!
do I hear a Nile Red colab coming?
10:05 You are making a marble computer... which has to be controlled by another computer. Amazing.
I'm surprised that you didn't ask if your viewers might secretly hate you to ask you to make the seconds... 😆
I love that this is back!
impressively impractical but i love it
This is awesome. Don't you have to have more than one single bracket across the rows though so you can make numbers like 7 where all the black marbles are on one side?
Very good sponsor integration! I viscerally hate advertisements, but this was good.
Just sharing an idea. Your design for the seconds is a differential gate. It looks like you're preparing to to queue up more than 1 second in the buffer. Relying on the kinetic energy to remove the current marble. If you want to minimize the work required, you can just map the difference between digits in a pre-calculated pattern. You know that it will always go from 0-1-2-3...9-0. You can use this information to instead of changing the whole number for the next whole number, to just process the difference. For example, In a 3x3 design, the middle marble only changes on 0-1, 6-7, 7-8, and 9-0. This should reduce the number of marbles required, and increase readability for the watch viewer. You can add additional gates to increase the buffer size if required.
You can marry my future daughter
I really respect all the thinking and efforts you did for this clock, but I think the new design (for seconds) is way more functional than the first one for hours and minutes. I guess it will be better idea to replace the whole clock with this single digit design by replicating it into 6 digits and making it as complete clock.
@Wintergatan you gotta see this Martin
You can use an empty slot (made of black material) as black marble. Then you will need just to replace the "color" of the cell if it needs to.  You already have the gate to replace the marble - it can work as the gate for marbles that will fill empty slots.  And if you add one more gate higher - you can knock out the marble from the filled slot with other steel marble.
Regarding black marbles, they make sharpies designed to mark on smooth and oily surfaces. I haven't tested them on chrome, but they work well on machined finish stainless. You'd just need a mechanism to automate marking them with the sharpies.
Awesome project!   The main thing that bugged me is the fact that you approached as if it works the same as the big clockface, where ALL marbles have to be refreshed on every update. Here, only some marbles have to be updated, and ALWAYS from white to black or vice versa. So technically you wouldn't even need a colour selector for each "pixel", as long as you make sure in the (to-be) sorting process that the marbles in the queue have alternating colours. Then you only have to select which "pixel" to update each second, possibly removing a lot of complexity from that system.   As a bonus, fewer updates each second means fewer marbles to sort in a second as well :)
Why not cut cost in half by using one relay per solenoid and just switch the direction of current with optocouplers or transistors
The gunbluing you've done to make the black marbles leaves them quite dull, and difficult to see against the black 3D printed parts - which begs the question - could you get away with not having the black marbles? And just put the silver ones where you need to make the number while leaving areas that would've been black empty instead? Would that give the required easy to ready numbers?
Milliseconds 😂 going to break this guy
I'm thinking somewhere down the line you can set up your clock to have a buffer, so that the next second is always primed, and the second before that pushes the previous second into the primed position, since it looks like you'll be using all 15 spaces continuously.  I do not envy the work you have to do, but it is very cool, I can't wait to see what you come up with next time :) Glad I found your channel!
You should consider only updating the marbles that need updating, to minimise the amount of changes that happen. For example, using a 7-bit display, going from 8 to 9 only involves removing the bottom-left segment. I'm not sure if this would have any effect on the optimisation, but it would make the clock easier to read.
miliseconds
you should use ball bearing instead, they wont have chrome
Not all of the spots in a 5 x 3 grid need to be changed out for this clock. 2 of the spots will remain black for every number (the holes in the 8)- this may help with speeds especially with limited black marbles to begin with. Also, the top right, middle right, and bottom right will always be white marbles. Thus, instead of 15 marbles to change out per second it would be only 10. Thats 2/3rds as many marbles to be sorted! I don't know if this will help but its just something I noticed. Love your videos, keep up the great work!
To make a bucket-load of black marbles, it seems to me like the only thing you need to do is use a kiln/furnace. You will be able to get all of the marbles up to the same temperature simultaneously. The rest of your process/lifestyle was the oil and bluing baths, which should also be able to work on all of the marbles at once. So, just 11x3 steps, not 11x3x400 steps!
Couldn't understand a word but guess I didn't have too. Well done sir.
I wonder if you could use a rock tumbler with a combo of ceramic high df and 70 grit aluminum oxide. Not sure never tried it before. This may remove the chrome though and then you can just blue them.
You think this is a series about making a clock that uses marbles to display time, but really it's about the slow erosion of a man's soul....
Dude, you are amazing!
Can you try to replace only a select few marbles rather than the entire matrix  (explanation) I mean, to make 3 from 2, you only have to remove the element (4,1) and (4,3) from the matrix  (maybe) the updating mechanism for seconds might be faster and more efficient this way?...
use transparent marbles and light them up from the back. you could change time every second or faster and still use the incrable piece of engineering that you did
needs many more selector options, but good progress, is cool :)
14:40 Marble Machine X flashbacks. Hope you don't end up having to make a demagnetizer here too.
Can you electroplate the marbles black?
Tenacity.  OCD. Self flagellation. Borderline genius/insanity.  This guy has them all.  Kudos - fascinating, next level engineering, educational and entertaining.  I would've just dropped the ball bearings in sharpie ink. :)
I mean, this might be a dumb idea and would totally break with everything up until now, but why not make use of empty spaces. That would require only one type of marble and basically no sorting.
How about combining the two methods. The hours and minutes can use the existing method with the seconds using the front dumping method in this video. Also in terms of the process for the marbles. How about a kiln to heat multiple marbles at once?
einfach mega gemacht Güße aus Deutschland
Nice!
From the first video I think you were pretty stupid from not doing the clock vertical giving you faster digit change and the possibility of changing just 1 digit at a time for just making your belt bigger and use a few more sensors....
Puto amo joder
realy great video
Maybe a little bench top kiln or micro furnace could let you heat & quench 20 or so marbles at once?
I love this clock series. Also this guys videos are intellectually humbling 😂
There are two marbles that never have to change from black. You can just leave them and never need to fill those rows with marbles. Idk if this helps you in any way with your current setup but it’s something to keep in mind.
We want more
Wait till he realizes that two channels are not needed as they stay dark always, no matter what the number.  2nd row middle and 4th row middle.
It reminds me of Wintergatan in the Marble Machine X series
I knew you were a making a mechanical multiplexer, so obvious 🤥
Okay idea for you... WHAT IF...   you change a single marble at a time, then you only need to alternate the color of single marbles from one digit to the next.  The choice in this is to select to either change the color or not.  For example if the marble is black, the only time you need to change it is to white and then vice-versa. So each dot in your digit has behind it alternating colors of marbles:  Black White Black White Black White... etc.   Now the display logic selects the marble dots to change... This is a single selective process instead of updating all the marbles at the same time.
When he makes one that can be worn like a watch. I will be impressed. 😂
Am I the only one who noticed that the same row can not have both black and white marbles selected? There is no recirculation mechanism that would allow preselected marbles to be ready in each lane. The current design has no way to individually select black and white in the same row.
You can leave top right alone. It will always have bright marble
No sé por qué, pero tu acento me recuerda a Jandro.
Pero con eso haces columnas enteras
Why wouldn’t he just use cold bluing though?
How about glass marbles? They have colors and no magnet issues.
I haven't watched all your videos, so maybe this is answered previously, but important question: is that a life-size red Drew Carey in the background? :-)
Con lo facil que era usar la solucion rotatoria de 3 posiciones con servos
Basically, here are two slots that are black on any digit it's 2B and 4B. Also you can swap 1 to right corner and in this case 1C, 3C, 5C will be white. ignoring 5 of 15 digits update you should have 33% speed increase for your model.  I hope this mentioning can help you.
You can probably speed up your process by only changing the marbles that need to be changed between each digit. For instance, going from 8 to 9 you only need to change the bottom left marbles to black rather than changing the whole digit
4:04 That is really satisfying to watch 😀
I just thought of an improvement for the selector and for the refresh rate.  I think it would be quite easy to figure out which marbles need to "flip" their color from silver to black and vice versa for each number transition, so you don't need to refresh the entire digit at once.  You can then design a selector that, when the selection changes, dispenses a single marble of the new color only for that position in the digit.  In total this would mean you need more solenoids since the multiplexing approach doesn't work, but due to the reduced throughput it would *greatly* cut down on the required throughput of the sorting mechanism and the throughput of the entire clock itself.   It also means you need to colour less marbles black in total :D
Now do Unix time
No se puede ser más puto amo.
what's wrong with spray paint? it might rub off in some places but really it should work just fine if you choose your materials well.  this method of multiplexing is flawed: it enables you to choose each marble, but it doesn't enable you to simply not put out a marble, which is a feature you need because updating this display will take more than a second because it's not just one operation. it also gives more work to your elevator.    also consider: you know what the state of the clock is when it gets cleared, if you can catch the marbles in dedicated channels, sorting them doesn't even need a vision mechanism. you also then get to make only 2 marble elevators, one for black and one for white (this is already true actually, just sort them before lifting them)
why use a per-pixel multiplexer plus a sorting-mechanism to sort the marbles into two single-color-magazines per pixel? Couldn't you use single-line-magazines per pixel, each filling up with the correct marble depending on the next needed digit? Then you'd have 10 marbles per pixel-magazine, each in the correct order  It would only need all marbles to pass all magazines so that each magazine has a possibility to get the marble it needs.
You are fucking crazy and ... we love that ;)
Thanks Mate from Sydney Australia loved your explanation and delivery! Keep it up! Cant wait for the rest of this series and your future challenging projects. Carl
Instead of black marbles, just have no marble
1/3 of a second seemed good enough to me
It's early, and my first coffee didn't hit my brain yet, but your multiplexer seems "backwards". Shouldn't the selection come before the release? What happens to the 2nd marble in a channel? The one that is not selected?  Won't they pile up, and block the release?
What if you spray paint those black marbles with a matte finish??? May be it will save time... 😜
If the first gates holding the marvels are supposed to open all at the same time why didn't you just have one motor to open them all instead of one motor for every single gate?  If you are gonna use a motor for every single gate maybe think about the option of only sending the minimum amount of marvels needed to change a number to the next.  ex. 8 to 9, you should only need to replace a few marvels from the bottom left of the number 8 to make the 9.  The first method is simpler while the second is more efficient. Think about it and choose what adjustment would be better.
vapor coating would not be a good choice even if you have access to one. Coating will wear off easily.
Este tío es un crack, adoro sus vídeos, aquí te has ganado un follower español desde uk
The issue I see with this design is the selection of colored marbles in your columns.  Since you have one actuator controlling an entire column, you'll either select the same color all the way down a column currently if executed together, or add significant time to the selection process as you loose a marble per cell in your matrix.
U need to add some stuff or sound dampening to the room the echo is pretty bad in this video which I haven’t noticed in previous videos
wow the dedication you give this project is insane!
Hmmm.... Have you tested that you can provide a constant feed rate of 18 marbles per second?      The travel time might be greater than that?  You would eventually run your supply dry. Maybe instead, just represent one marble per second in an analog clock face and dump them all at 61 seconds.
Unpopular opinion... maybe the glass marbles would be fine for this. I'll give it a second to think about...
@wintergatan
I wonder if you could find a way to do many marbles at once. *must* be easier than doing each cycle individually.
Why not spray paint it? 8:22
use electromagnets to hold the marbles instead? more compact.
Anyone else thinking back to Wintergatan's marble gates and magnetic marbles issues? ^^"
Maybe a stupid comment, so sorry, but arent some of those not needed? Like the one in the top right would always be chrome, regardless of the number.  Also the most to the right of the third and last row. This way, you may need to paint less marbles. The middle of the 8 would also always be black. So there are 5 that can be static instead of moving, if the goal is a clock
"going full NileRed" yeah, that seems like it wouldn't end well for anyone but him
I love Ivan's Engineering design and testing!
Why do you need black marbles at all though?! The machine is black and the steel is a nice contrasting silver already. You needed the black marbles for alignment when you were building bitmaps in 2D but that isn't an issue now that you're constructing them from the back. You could try to leave dark pixels empty and then have a motor shake the display marbles out on refresh (because leaving dark pixels empty means you can't turn a pixel off just by refreshing it)
Just a gentle reminder to like his efforts 🙏
Couldn't you save time with all the black marble shenanigans by using nothing instead of black marbles?
Are glass marbles an option?
This is an epic project, good luck with those marbles...
Pain is temporary glory is for ever!
i think you're going to run into a ball selection process very shortly.  Hopefully I can explain myself. In my example, I will use the number "2".  When selecting the balls for the first row, it will be simple, row 2 solenoid to the left and column 1, 2 and 3 energise and you will get 3 balls all grey colour, but then row 2 will need 2 rounds: Round 1: Row 2 solenoid to the left and column 1 and 2 to select grey colours Round 2: Row 2 solenoid to the right and column 3 to select black. This may sound like it's not that big of an issue but then it becomes a problem if try to select all the grey for number 2 at the same time. or all the blacks at the same time.  My question is, how many rounds of ball selection can you do in a second??
Thanks!
So, I've started painting minis again after many years, and I was feeling discouraged at how long the process can take. Then I found out how long it took Ivan to make black marbles. I'm no longer discouraged and am going to go back to painting, now. Thanks, Ivan, for your .. genius.. madness.. perseverance is probably the right word, honestly. I wish you luck with this, as I know soooo very little about engineering. I'll keep watching, though!
Only a matter of time until you are adding the phases of the moon using light and dark marbles.
wow
2000 Steel marbles ay? this reminds me of something...
This man literally double buffered marbles.
you can just make a space without marbles insted of black marbles
so you made a whole clickbait video for another video. noise
Why not just use negative space instead of black and white?
u mad bro?
If you make a circular buffer of all numbers 0-9 you can get away with just 3 x 5 x 10 = 150 marbles, roughly half of them black. Preselect the numbers in your buffer and with a latch for the full number you need only 1 solenoid, and a mechanism to raise them to the back of the buffer again after use.
Am I the only one that thinks that he needs to release the 3 columns separately, so the solenoids need to go fwd and back in 1/3 second plus he needs to swap the horizontal selectors between. That seems not possible in the given time.
wouldn't have been possible to demagnetise the marbles?
If you can heat the marbles in bulk in a kiln instead of individually by torch, that will probably save you a lot of grief.
a partial solution to your black marble madness is the fact that in a 7 segment display, the center of the number loops are always open. Therefore you could get away with not feeding tracks 2-2 and 4-2.
I'll be honest, this is probably the most interesting and pure channel I watch.  I love every second of this, you are a damn genius, I'm in awe.
Lamball bakra sticker wow!
This is so cool!  I’m wondering two things that might make it difficult to actually read the digits though.  1. The black vs silver marbles have low contrast 2. The marbles bounce back a little bit once they land in their spot
My poor guy, you're insane. I understand. And i watch everything, enjoying it.
Why would you let yourself suffer such torment?
Maybe just spray paint the marbles or something?  Also you don't need to change out every marble, some will stay the same throughout changes, and the marbles in the center of the loops of the 8 will never change either.
I'm not certain I understand the need for black marbles in this configuration; on a standard digital display, central areas are automatically blacked out, like the centres of a digital number "8", and always are. Which would necessitate only having marbles along the top, bottom, sides, and across the horizontal centre. On a 3 x 5 grid (x,y),  going from left to right, and top to bottom, you could leave positions (2,2) and (2,4) as blanks. With a digital number like "2", for positions (1,2) and (3,4) you would simply not release marbles for those positions. For a number "5", it would be for positions (3,2) and (1,4). For a "7", marbles ate not released for (1,2) , (1,3) , (1,4) , (1,5) , (2,3) , and (2,5). Obviously, as already stated, (2,2) and (2,4) are automatically blanked out, as they're never used for any number. And, for a number "1", the only places you need to release marbles for are the first column,  i.e. (1,1) , (1,2) , (1,3) , (1,4) , and (1,5). None need be released for the remaining positions. Would save on the number of marbles required, and the need for black marbles.  Obviously, this only works because you're separating the marbles from each other with plastic, as opposed to other marbles, like you did in the main digital clock. Which is understandable. The main clock has a full minute to swap out the marbles, and you made it in a way that's both impressive and aesthetically pleasing. You could have done it the way you're making the seconds timer now, making it a lot simpler, but nowhere near as technically impressive, or gorgeous (kudos to you for getting it to work btw, I'm sure you come across a LOT of people who don't really understand just how difficult it was to achieve). But, the requirement to swap out the marbles every second required the simpler approach, as you've done it here. But, the simpler approach also means you don't need to incorporate black marbles.  😊😊
I love how you can hear how his laugh becomes ever so slowly more unhinged the more he talks about how much time it takes to disassemble and reassemble after relatively minor revisions.
With the horizontal solenoids operating all switches at once, how would you select different colours on a single row? Say you wanted the top row to be light, dark, light, you would need to be able to select left, right, left, but the single bar only allows for left or right on all channels..
You are clearly a very intelligent man with moderate resources. so why don't you make a small kiln and work with the marbles in batches?
I suppose one of the next steps is working out a way to do the oil quenched bluing process at scale. Batching and assembly lining, probably.
This guy must be insane
I have an idea for turning the bearings black.   Run them through an abrasive tumbler to remove the chrome, then dip them into blueing fluid.
Well, even if I didn't like the idea, I have to give you the like for the effort!  BTW, I DID like the idea.
Oh boy, you're going full Martin mode.,, and i like it :) your dedication is worth admiring. i like the escalator the most. Thanks for sharing the build!
why not like get a deep tray and heat the balls all at once and then pour it into the oil
Did you consider electro plating for the marbles? 🤔
Just when I think my own projects are getting a bit difficult, I come here to be reminded that there are projects out there that are orders of magnitude higher than my own, in terms of insanity-making capacity.  Genuinely floored by this project, and your stubborn determination to see it through.
nice engineering!!!
you're my god
if you have to heat up each marble to red hot 11 times, why not do this in batches? drop them into a furnace, get a bunch of them glowing red hot, when you dunk them in the oil, put the next batch into the furnace...
Is he aware of the fakt that bulding the marbel Release Mechanism twice wouls allow him to get rid of that bumping Part.  The benefit would be ca the bumping is the Part Most likley to fail.  And it is not self repaing so any fail needs to be Adresse manuelly
You are amazing mate!
WYSI
I admire your persistence in designing and building these monstrous projects! Keep going, you inspire lots of people.
I liked and subscribed just because of your commitment and dedication to excellence... and also because you're informative, entertaining, and a damn good engineer!
U are mad. I love u❤
How can people understand you?!
if you made magnetic matrix with electromagnets in x plane  and unnecessary marbels fall down make negative count .  For new count clear solenoid matrix ( if marbles stick i would hit them with piston from splenoid)  ......just an idea
Would it be possible to optimize changing digits by just swapping a few marbles around each time and not the full 6 rows? Very eager to see the next video about this :)
I have to like your video for doing a single job 11 time... dedication hatts off
Ciao! First af all, good job! Impressive work! Two considerations: -all marbles are replaced in under a second, and there is a big buffer of marbles, but in the end this buffer needs to be refilled in under a second to get the clock work indefinitely. Right? -each single pixel could che black or white so maybe you can "cheat" by using only two marbles per pixel, flipping them when needed. But maybe is not the point of the project
I think that I have a big design inprovement👍 ❤  I know that this works, BUT I THINK THAT IT WOULD BE BETTER TO CHOSE ALL THE COLORS IN THE PARALEL and ACTIVATE THE DROP from the color  selector SIMUTANEOUSLY.  It would take 2 times aditional solenoids, but it would make it at least 2 times faster. You would need 3 x 5 solenoid for the color selection in paralel, but only one to drop them all, so 16 solenoids in total.
I would have stuck with what I knew with addition of 'Keeping it simple', ie, black and white glass marbles. No need to 'Blacken' the steel balls, no magnetizing issues and thus a lot of time saved and a way less hassles... But.. Still... A VERY interesting project! 🤔😏👍 You just got a new subscriber! 😏 😎🇬🇧
That complete unit for just one digit is so wide. How will you be able to fit six digits (HH:MM:SS) beside each other, so that it's readable and the digits are not too far away from each other?
the rotation (roll) of mabels hinder to transfer all ernergy by inertia.
Absolutely outstanding.  Good luck 🤞
Is spraypainting it not a good idea?
Why don’t you make all number s behind each other, move them around and release them vertically? You just have to bring a „number“ to the top in ten seconds. If this is not enough then you can have a chain where every number is twice in there. Release them vertically is very fast, next number can come in.
Maybe you can just heat a bunch of marbles at once when you burn them in induction cooker, maybe an electric furnest?
Next do every millisecond
Looks great
Beautiful
You've clearly lost your marbles, subscribed!
This is transcendent geekery. Astounding.
This will get lost in the comments but here's an idea to simplify things:   Fill all the spots with black balls each time pushed from the side mechanically in one go - cha-chunk. Then release the silver balls, doubling up the spots where the numbers will go.  When the balls release, all the black ones come down first, but then the silver ones come behind and pop out the black ones where they are doubled.   Sorting is simplified - all the black ones go into the front buffer and all the silver ones fill in the back.
What about cerakote for the marbles color? It can be applied right on top of chrome, and as a plus, it will give the marbles a "slippery" coating that could help prevent jams in tight areas of the track, or other mechanisms.
I can't wait to see this progress.
How is that selector going to work? I thought your were going to have all of one color in a given channel and select black/white for each "pixel", then push all at once. But then you locked all the selectors together. Are you going to sequence black/white per channel and swap back and forth between left and right channels for... reasons?
I think he forgot to say it was sponsored. it felt like a sponsor spot but he never said it was a sponsor spot
It would have taken less time using a sharpie
Ship the marbles to a heat treating facility and request they treat a few marbles at various temperatures and quench methods until you get a good black and then have all the marbles treated in the same way. It will be coslty but they will all be exactly the same and youd only be waiting on shipping times.
Just a random spitball suggestion, but would it be possible to only change out certain marbles, like for a 8 to go to 9 you only need to knock out 1 marble the sorting and loading might be a pain, but it would be easier to read and might take less black ones
To limit the use of black marbles, not every single marble has to change.
After this gets built people will expect it to tell time to the millisecond. Or have it tell the date as well.
nobody gonna talk about the tilted statue when he tilt the clock on 1:30?
That is insanely clever
Haha just have this do this 5 more times and figure out how to conveyer belt the marbles back up to the top again each time.  Can’t wait to see how you do it! ❤
You could use a single color by kicking out all of the marbles being displayed and put in the marbles for the light parts of the digit. It would completely remove the need for marble sorting making the entire design simpler and cheaper to make. Marble for light no marble for dark.
Nice,
Instead of having that whole mechanism to pick between the colors of marbles, you could just have them alternate between black and chrome. You only ever need to change black to chrome or chrome to black. Never black to black or chrome to chrome. Then just make it only send the marbles that need to update. Also, I can't wait to see the millisecond version.
You're an inspiration
This is great! Waiting for the next episode!
Since there's only 11 states for marbles to be in a second timer, and they always run in the same order you could make each digit a predefined state and then cycle between each state. However, since you did it this way, it opens up the possibility to stream in data.
Is the marble selector only able to select a color for a row at once?
I thought it was done BUT YOUR ADDING SECONDS! YOU ABSOLUTE MAD MAN! Mad respect
Servos! Solenoids are so old school! Low power servos are probably cost competitive or cheaper than latching solenoids and they'd give you 3 positions, simplifying the mech.
Is my man going crazy 😜 ❤ love the videos ❤
One thing im gonna have to note is that it takes more than a second currently to setup the marbles to take the place of the current ones....
Ngl if you watched the full video you are legally required to like and subscribe at the very least
Hope you can put up a video that is just the clock running ...  no commentary.. just watching it run
I demand a collab with wintergatan
ngl I read the title clock without an L and at first glance the thumbnail had me worried.
16:19 wow this is so satisfying! it feels like a physics simulation, but this is even better because it's done in real life. It's truly beautiful!
tu é brasileiro? pq o nome parece
Really impressive. But if you want a clock with a second counter, you can pick one up for a couple bucks.
have you considered spraypaint? just sayin...
I love how Ivan’s hair gets crazier and crazier as the video goes on 😂
Am I the only one confused with the fact that he did the white/black selector but tied the tree together? I will be honest to say that I'm not following that one... I can't wait for the next part to see how that will work.
Hi! To glow to red murble you can try to use an induction heater. I think if have enought power you can glow up the marble in a very short time. And another suggestion is to design an automated system that can make the thing automatically instead you.
This video series alone is worth the sub. Pretty cool.
Bro demonstrates the difference between GPU and CPU without even realizing it 😂❤
You're a masochist, and I can't help but respect it.
I appreciate you man!
you might have mentioned this, but is this meant to be an additional digit for the larger clock? or a completely separate item?
Just use the some of the previous or buy blacks balls
you could just leave the blank pixels blank? and not use the black ones.
your accent is really annoying
I know it be cheating but I would simply color half of the ball black, the other one white and just have them rotate in place on a rod XD
You could have one solenoid attached to another, then when solenoid A is in position 1, you would have solenoid B in position 1 or 2, then with solenoid A in position 2, solenoid B could choose between position 2 or 3
Some people might have suggested this already, but have you looked into powder coating for coloring the marbles? Great Vid and keep up the work!! I wish you luck, and good sanity. Lol
i dont get it, cant you buy colored marbles?
Genius!
Sorry but you do things rather inefficiently
Following the layout of 7 segment LEDs you never need to update the marble in the middle of rows 2 & 4. Not sure if that knowledge makes the build any easier though. Would cut down on the number of marbles you have to color though for one thing.
bleach can blacken stainless/chromium
Why don't you... *BUY* black steel marbles?
8:26 seriously dude wtf why are you not using MAP or any other hotter burning gas torch? Or, OMG, maybe an electric kiln? Or jeeze at least if you're super Hank Hill and love propane, why not buy an actual tank instead of using a ton of disposable cans? so much for the environment...
7:50 hotter torch, use an IR thermometer, always dunk at the same temp. 11 times is really just you slowly burning off the chrome (yay toxic vapors) and slowly bluing the steel underneath.
Just a thought.... If you had a mechanism that would push the marble out of the number without relying on the next marble, you could display the time with only one marble color. The number would be "drawn" with the steel marbles, and any position that doesn't have a marble at all, the black plastic would make it naturally black.
No way you did it 11 times for every marble 😭😭😭😭
"That's not a process that's a lifestyle choice." -Ivan Miranda (I think I'm getting this printed and framed to hang on my wall.)
next project, make a marble clock that displays milliseconds (THIS IS A JOKE BTW PLS DON'T ACTULLY DO IT) (i'd actully feel rly bad if u were to try this ^^^)
there is no way....
could you do a 24h stream of the clock?
try using Ballistol Streichbrünierung for blackening or for heating try induction hardening
you are a fu*king mad genius!!!!
What's that famous phrase? "The best marble is no marble". Just leave gaps instead of inserting black marbles. No colouring marbles. No sorting marbles. No moving all 15 marbles every second. No losing your marbles. 😅
You should donate this invention to a museum!
bro the time which you invest in this is  insane! amazing project!
This is possibly the most complicated way I could think of to achieve this. I really like the idea of trying to translate the larger design into a smaller and faster "second" measurement. But to be honest, you could just achieve this by having all the marbles already in sequential order on the tracks. It only needs to cycle between 0 and 9. Rather than build a feed mechanism to sort the marbles, you can already have them sorted on each track and just try to get the timing right for when to drop them. You could probably use pieces from an old analog clock to get this done, no coding required. Reminds me of the flip-card clocks.
please share with us your secret knowledge. not about making this, but how the heck do you stay sane?!
When the zombie apocalypse arrives I will go for that man with a bag of m4 bolts a truck of filament some motors e we are going to build a Gundam , ah and make sure to don't forget the electric screwdriver to
To blacken the marbles faster you could soak them in vinegar. Will take longer than muriatic acid
An empty space is already black. why don't you just feed the balls that create a number?
Porque no has hecho que tal como cae un grupo, vuelvan a subir todos ya organizados, en vez de tener que usar selectores, en plan que ya estén todos los números hechos, y cada vez que cambie de numero, se reemplacen todas las canicas y sin cambiar de sitio, vuelvan a subir.
Nice to see that the track length timer for the marble machine X is coming along nicely :D
Engineering the rotary selector would have been pretty easy with solenoids. The neutral position is kept with an spring in both ways. now add a solanoid on the right and one on the left. On activation of one of the solenoids you push the selector to one side which selects the corresponding marble. Now use a spring to bring back the selector to the neutral position and release the marble. Greetings from a swiss mechanical engineer ☺️
Since magnets were preventing marbles from falling properly, maybe electromagnets can also be used on the display part, to prevent marbles from falling unintentioanlly. Just an added on layer of stability, which might never be needed we all hope, since it will also add on complexity of the device.
Have you lost some marbles?!
What if you used metal balls that were painted black on one side and white on the other. Then you could magnetize them, and then put an electromagnet behind each one to make it spin around if necessary to show the right color.
You might try only making changes to the colored marbles if they need to be.  If there's already a white marble, why change it to white for the next number?
en un par de años veremos como alguien corre DOOM en este aparato
Oh, hmm. I think i would have gone a different route for the selection: Have a stream of changing marbles white-black-white-black for each of the 15 positions, and only let a new marble go there when that specific pixel changes color on that particular change from one number to the next. Would have needed 15 solenoids, not the 9 i count, more complex software, but the rest of the hardware would probably have been simpler. And my idea has a great chance to get out of sync. So, maybe not.
Then you realize you only have one digit for the seconds...
Holy shit a sponsor that is ACTUALLY RELATED to the video and used to HELP PRODUCE THE VIDEO instead of some souless slot machine game, or something completely irrelevant that nobody cares about?
Hmm. Maybe if you tried moving the system horizontally... just spit-balling though
what if instead of black marbles you put nothing,
Someone please buy this poor guy a clock.
This rapid testing with prints is absolutely my jam, great work
now try it without any electronics
now show miliseconds
Just have Disney remake the marbles
Seems like friction is going to be a problem.  3D printed tracks have alot of friction.  If your tracks were made of metal, there would be less friction and your marbles would get from the selection point to the display point quicker and take up less of your second.
I still believe the steel balls will get magnetized over time, slowly. This is usual problem with mechanical devices :( I would prefer the mechanism that is based on 3 positions (servo) as that one, even when the steel balls are magnetized, will work - it will "pull" the steel ball from the rest to the side, decreasing the magnetic field using distance and therefore releasing the ball from the hold. But you do you, I build no such contraption so far, so my comment under your video has very little weight ;)
Should’ve built a robot to blacken the marbles for you
I am surprised you haven't 3d printed a loading mechanism for the times you need to hand load the channels. Maybe something big enough to handle the steel bearings, but will also work for the marbles.  I am thinking like a funnel that feeds into a rail measured out to allocate 5 marbles, then stops the feed until after you have dispensed the loaded ones with a release up front for once you have it lined up to the tube you are filling. It don't have to be fancy or automated, the releases can be functioned manually and just need to do them in a particular order. The only thing I would invest time into working out would be to make the front release on a channel that adjusts to the size of the marble, or gives you room to add more/less at a time. Ideally you would fill all the silver channels, then reset  the dispenser for the black channels.
imagine you would do something productive with your time....
an idea to turn the marbles black. I am working in a Forge in Germany and if we want that a knife or a tool is black we heat it up until it is red hot and than put it into oil. Before it is cooled we put it out so that the last bit of heat can "dry" the steel. Normally it is black after the first path. There are different oils out there. and I am not sure if it works with Crome(I think you said it). Very nice machine
Thanks for sharing your project. I look forward to the sorting mechanism that will separate the black and white marbles. Steel marbles is a good choice. They are uniform size and mass.
Why don't you heat up more then one marble at a time? With a bigger torch or multiple torches you could probably heat 10 or maybe even 20 at one time
While I see some inherent flaws in the current setup, I shall withhold comment to see if you figure it out on your own between now and the next episode.
Now do milliseconds.
I'm kind of surprised you didn't go with a running scroll once you had the small digits vertical. Each digit gets its own column, all the numbers are hard coded, and all the marbles stay in order.
Sooo much work, wow
alexa define madlad
get a warehouse and. boom
If you bought a cheap craft smelting, furnace you could probably do dozens of balls at once.
This is INCREDIBLE! You're amazing!
Definition of working hard not smart
Remind me again what was wrong with the black and white marbles you used before? The contrast was much better than the steel ones
You can use an oil lamp & use the smoke from it to coat it black. I think that will be easy.
could get gun bluing salts, wash the balls extremely well then heat the salts and let the balls sit in the hot salt solution to darken
Simply awesome
Marbles yay
I have an idea that can help the clock go faster. Prebuild all digits from 0 to 9 with maldes. Like that you can change the digit every second and you dont have to wait until the the next number is made
Ivan, saudações do Brasil. O seu trabalho é incrível e satisfatório, você é um grande gênio. Parabéns por este trabalho incrível. Eu espero que um dia, o seu relógio possa a ser exibido em algum museu de arte moderna.
hace videos en español?
If you created a "drum" (step-rotating on a vertical axis) with several faces (3 or 4), you could bring each face into view, in turn, when its marbles are in place: That is, the numbers can be assembled in stages, in back, and then rotated into view, then emptied out of view... to the site. Those 1/3 seconds processes would not matter, and the indicated seconds would be ready for display in time.  Sort of like the principle of Gatling gun... multiple barrels, so that they can be emptied and loaded in stages before coming into play. Or a four stroke engine... and so on. In any mechanism in which multiple actions are needed in too short a time for practicality, then multiple examples of the mechanism are built so that they can divide the stages needed, while out of use or view.
This is the level of procrastination that men achieve when they're supposed to be doing the dishes or taking out the trash.
Glass marbles? Or void marbles for black?
I suggest looking at wintergatans work on his marble machine. He had a demagnetiser for his own machine
You seem to have seasoned the marbles like a new wok
Did you consider only changing the marbles that are different each number? For example to go from 0 to 1 you would only have to change 7 marbles, instead of changing all 15. Or 8 to 9 would require 1 change, 9 to 0 would only change 2 marbles.
Could you please make a 12 hr video of the marble clock that we could all use
Very fun! Thanks!
what did  u say at the end? "And now please go, and matapoo!"(??)
This is a great project - but I have a question - why do you need black and white ones? cant you just not present a marble to the area where they are not needed - and just use silver ones to display the number??
can you add magnets inside the plastic at the displaying area edge? just weak enough to be able to be pushed out, but also strong enough to sort of 'snap' the new marbles in place, would be cool
I love that the marble clock series is continuing like this! I'm curious to see how you will fit the digits close to one another when the unit is so wide...
Man nearly losing his marbles on YouTube...
It gets crazier and crazier with every episode. Give me more!
This is wonderful and your energy is wonderful.  Technically if you want to move individual marbles instead, you don't need to change them all every second. For instance, from 2 to 3 you only need to change 1 black marble and 1 white marble.  But the rhythm will sound different.
Congrats - you constructed the selector-multiplexer just the WRONG way round for optimal speed: The way you constructed it, you'll need to iterate over the rows one by one, with the correct source channels selected for the row you're "ticking". That makes 5 "ticks" per digit to be displayed. If you had chosen to drive the source selector by row and the gate by column instead, you could iterate over the columns instead, allowing you to select the marbles for the entire digit in only 3 "ticks". 3 marble selector "ticks" per second seems easily achievable to me - 5 "ticks" per second might turn out just a little bit too ambitious.
Well, I'm about half the video but I have a little observation to do here: it's unnecessary to use a 15 marbles system since some of the marbles will never change from their position. Like the one in the top right corner (from the viewer prospective). So you could just leave a silver marble in there and you'll be fine.
"eeveery seknd tri trododo moroololoo"
This guy is slowly getting up to the same tier of marble godliness as that marble musical instrument guy
entiendo que estas pavonando las bolitas, pero lo estas haciendo mal, no tienen que llegar al rojo vivo, eso impide que el aceite se pegue y se pavone correctamente
There is no need for contrasting marbles. On the previous clock you used black marbles to separate the white marbles but in this new design  the marbles are essentially free standing. And so a digit could be comprised of white marbles and gaps. New method for resetting the digit each time would be required of course.
Доброго дня Іване! Це цікавий але чому не спробувати створити щось схоже на E-ink дісплей? З магнітів, які матимуть біле чи чорне забарвлення на відповідному полюсі😊 та щось схоже на ЧПУ але з головкою з електричного магніту аби встановлювати потрібний полюс для кожного елементу 😊
why didnt you build a machine to heat and treat the marbles ;)
That’s wild 🔥🔥😅😅
Why reducing the marbles, when it is vertical? For a prototype it is obvious to start simple, but then what does that solve apart from speeding up the product development lifecycle?
If you start talking about tight music, I'm unsubscribing.
7:51 11 times EACH? Wanna talk about dedication...
I do like 3D metal printing just as much as anyone else, but that aluminum gate could have been laser cut, which would also slide better because of the better surface finish. If you continue to have issues with magnetized balls, laser-cutting a steel "gate" between the machine and the solenoids should help and keep the machine more compact, which may become important if you want to add more digits. I can't wait to see the mechanics that sort the balls by color and feed them back into the machine. Happy printing!
You're an absolute chad for even trying, really cool project.
Spray paint?
Why you didn't juse use the servos for first type of gate, that required three positions? Such solution should be way more simpler and compact, plus it would be faster due to  individual control
Compared to Ivan I feel like I'm an undeveloped  single-cell.
Couldn't you get rid of the need for black marbles by going back to a system that dumps the previous digit maybe a fifth of a second before the next is released into the channels and displaying the black marbles as blank spaces? If you're tipping them out the front with another version of that gate you got from PCBWay they would probably clear faster than a vertical drop, I'd imagine. Also, as mentioned, you can just always leave two of the channels black / blank and three of the channels always silver / on (two dark areas in the eight, right column top/middle/bottom)
Hi, great job If you want to be quicker, why not changing just the 10 marbles which will change upon time ? if you watch your numbers format, on second column, second and fourth lines will always be black, and on third column, first, third, et fifth lines will always be white that's just an idea from a noob. Peace !
To get back marbles faster, I'd get a small forge to heat marbles in bulk. You know, those ones for DIY casting? I don't think they can get hot enough to melt steel, but dumping them in a crucible would make a dozen or so forbidden cherries at a time! The main problem I can see is that if you let the steel get too hot, It may get soft enough to deform from having other marbles next to it.   Also, I would consider having something transparent in front of the display, If you manage to make the dimensions right, you may be able to avoid dumping the marbles haphazardly and having to take time to sort the marbles again and again. Basically each marble would always stay in order in its own track. It would unfortunately make that multiplexer you built pointless, but the overall design could become simpler. The problem would be to merely move the marbles back to their original position quickly.
Won't you have to make two of these? Because in order to indicate the seconds, you'll need 2 digits.
There must be a better way to color the marbles.
You're absolutely crazy Ivan. just a thought before you loose your sanity entirely, with your "bluing" procedure of the marbles.....wont the marbles slowly turn back silver as they rub the coating off? you might need to to find a different (and hopefully faster) solution. best of luck! looking forward to your next update.
😕
couldn't you have a spring-loaded center position and a  powered forward and reverse position if you removed the latching magnets from the solenoids?
Btw with the steel marbles would it be possible to make the slow-down bucket smooth, and have kinda a ramped water bed to feed it back? It may be faster and less loud.
Genuinely an inspiring amount of effort goes into these projects, love watching these updates
Ivan, you are an absolute madman. 😨
when did it become a thing when people say they build something and then don't. i don't see a "part 1" in the title. so baited
I feel like i'm watching a indian it guy tutorial, it feels wrong in my ear...BTW cool video :D
Regarding the colouring process, the colouring progression seems to be the same as if you seasoned them like a cast iron pan. You could test a batch of with a light layer of oil and then put them in the oven for 1 hour, doing this multiple times may produce the same colour result. but you could bake hundreds or thousands at a time.
Maybe if Martin from Wintergatan hired Ivan the MMX would get finished. 🤣🤣
"Easiest" way to maybe mass produce the black marbles might be to find a glass blower or a blacksmith nearby, and see if they'd let you use their furnace. Get something that won't melt in the heat and can hold a bunch of marbles. Then just follow what you did. Heat, dump into larger oil bath, repeat, but this time doing batches of 10s of marbles at once.
What if you made a marble machine to automatically blue the marbles, like a marble bluing Krispy Kreme.
This design would benefit from  not replacing all the marbles every time. 1 & 2 have some overlap in colors. 7 & 8 have even more in common. Think of it like video compression and how it doesn't store every pixel of every frame.
i view years ago the Marble X project, there are some very interrest idees to demagnetize steel marbels, balancing the flow.  in his newer information maybe a half year back i showed reduzing the backpressure and top layer to balancing the big flow off marbels.  he pushed the marble X project to other and make a newer version with much reducing, but i have see right 1 min the marble X was performing live on stage  wintergatan if u have more interrest
Correction regarding solenoids: they can push in two directions. They have a third state: inactive. Just have a spring or a comliant mechanism push it to center by default.
Marble colour.  Just use Diechem or Black Sharpies.  Yes this wont be super durable and there might be some colour transfer.  But this only needs to work for the video.  Fast and easy.  Cut open sharpies and throw the felts into a bucket and put the marbles in and shake shake shake.
Why even split and combine the marbles? Each track loops every 30 or 50 marbles, just pre-program each track without splitting or recombining.
Dude is just insane, can't wait to see the next video
this guy's kids would have an unreal advantage at a science fair.
Between separating the marble selection and adding a return feeder system, this clock is going to be the size of a room by the time it's done!  Also, the blackening project might just take another month in itself!  Can't wait to see what you come up with! lol
It would take a lot of marbles, but why not just make vertical loops that contain all the numbers 1-9 (1-5 for the tens digits) so essentially each number is pre-made before hand and there’s not delay.
I would have stuck the marbles to some panels and flipped theses panels each second like a flipbook :)
You should have the feeding marbles alternating black and white, so you only need to change the nesasry marbles instead of all of the marbles every time.
why didnt you electroplate the ball bearings instead? would have been much easier as you can get it consistant and do many at the same time
I'm half way video, and I'm just thinking, why not have 150 (or 300 if making 2 numbers) marbles and then just make them run thru the machine in order. No need for anything complex at all. No need for selection etc.
Gente ele eh um coitado ne, tenho mt dó
the way you select marbles are going to be trouble. because you are selecting either white or black for the entire row. let's say the middle row, you'll need both color's but you can choose only one. you'll need to change that. not doable as long as your color selector does the entire row at a time.
Nossa esse esforco eu nao encontrava num Youtuber desde 2014
So, maybe this wouldn't work and that's why it wasn't even mentioned, but using automotive paint on the ball bearings was my first thought for colouring them.
I guess it might be easier to implement it like a dancing fountain. 😂
You really are a glutton for punishment! This is the beautiful execution of a very bad design choice. Only YouTube can produce such a contraption. Having said that you have shown amazing tenacoty bringing this project to where it is. Congrayulations!
You should have used a brachistochrone curve for the marble ramps. It maximizes their fall rates.
Why wasn't dipping the marbles in some kind of paint an option ?
You can just gun blue the marbles
If you made it for 11mm balls you can just use pachinko balls that are in silver and gold and readily available
ORRRRR just spend $5 on some black spray paint and spend 10-20 minutes coating them.
Before watching past the one minute mark my idea would be to kick out the marbles to the right and land them on something softand funnel them back, and have a vertical feed seconds conttraption behind the current tracks that display just to the right of the hour an minute feed.  Ok, now lets see how stupid this idea looks.
I feel like saving the color selection process for later is going to bite him big time.
Always 13 dot moves only for a 5x3 matrix as digit show (think with 8). Also change with digit difference by change partial dot only can speed up a lot.
Would be seriously awesome if this was a product that we could buy
Just curious, what 3D modeling software do you use? I would like to look into learning 3D modeling but don’t know where to start.
14:15 You can solve 2 problems with one change...  Replace your steel marbles with Aluminum and Brass marbles...that solves the sticking due to the magnets (neither Aluminum or Brass stick to Magnets) and each is a different colour from the other from the start eliminating the need to heat treat the marbles...
if you make the resting shelf for the display ball longer, to hold 6 balls, you could maintain a preload of several seconds, and still use kinetic energy to pop the front one out
Hmm almost need it to predict the next 9 seconds of digits and have them lined up one behind the other and released one at a time for each second. But then you would also need it to create new digits fast enough to keep up with that rate. 🤔
Why not use 1 solenoid to connect multiple rows?
lol that coloring process... The level of sanity this man is willing to sacrifice at his viewers' behest!
For the noise u only need to remove ur ears, I think it may works
you can print a filler piece as the rails that went from the selector to the digit so u can fill an entire row at once insted of a cell, and this piece might be useful for the next step
This is a really interesting blend between genius and crazy
"That's not a process. That's a lifestlye choice." XD
Cliffhanger!
Now make it fully analogue
Yeah, I as joking about the "Make it faster, add a seconds display"
If you had lived in the 1800's, you would have been a mad scientist!
Soooo...updating the design of the other clock to perform like this one is a solid new goal, right? XD
boy that outro music sounds so much like "i will get by" by the grateful dead. i don't think that's the name of the song but it's the chorus at least
You're crazy in the best way.
You should ask around at some local metal working shops about the marbles. They could probably upscale what you're doing and get what you need done in a day.
Tim Hunkin and Rex Garrod would be PROUD...
Haha, you presented the solution in the first few seconds. When the marble has to much impulse it clears the stage. No marble no dot in the matrix. Single color marbles fine. Just two main registers shifting all at once an one solenoid + guided wire for stopping individual marbles on the higher position for more impulse. :)
Ivan, you're absolute crazy 😉👍
So how are you going to sort the marbles after you dump them on the table?  Can you get marbles that are non-magnetic?  Would it be easier to colour brass marbles black? Or stainless?  I think it would be easy to sort them if one colour was non-magnetic.
Everything seemed smooth… until 17:45 that’s rebel bearing at the bottom right corner…
A clock like this only needs 13 (rows of) marbles right? Not 15. The center of the upper and lower field will always stay black or no?
A gas powered torch was the most clever way you could find to heat a lot of balls to the same temp at the same time? Ouch. Even a BBQ would be an upgrade if the balls aren't compatible with induction.  Primitive Technology channel could make you a kiln from mud?
The rojo loco is back and he is awesome
Not super helpful now that you’ve got the marbles already, but maybe try aluminum or plain steel bearings. Anodizing them is quite easy, there’s tons of YouTube tutorials I’ve used before, and it produces a beautiful black, and you can do tons at once. Might be worth some extra cost to save your sanity, the current form looks like actual torture!  I cannot wait to see how it all goes, the original marble clock got me so into making things again!
Engineering and humour all in the one video!
My comp-sci peeps will recognize the power of parallelization inherent to this approach.
you can start "optimizing" like wintergatan...  you'll  be rich 🙂
Ooof getting a good black oxide coating in stainless steel can be difficult!  With any iron alloy if you can get a decent even layer of rust on it you can convert the rust to black oxide with boiling water. It does go a bit faster but I do think chemical blueing is more durable.   Just in case you ever decide to loose your sanity and try to black out ballbearings again.
Genius!
This has probably been said before, but only the single digit second is important to run "in time" and should be put closest to the feeder. The other seconds, minutes and hours can take more time to settle to still be readable.
Fantastic video. I love the creativity and imagination, combined with the engineering problem solving! Amazing.
I am getting strong Wintergatan vibes
2 things 1. would it be possible to mass heat the marbles? like put them under a big heating element, heat them, then drop them all into oil and the other stuff to make the black marbles more easily  2. you could do a sort of 1's and 0's thing, instead of having 2 types of marbles, just don't drop a marble and leave a gap, then you just need to adjust it so you can drop a marble without needing a new one to bump  just trying my best to help, best of luck!
Why not just have "no marble" instead of black ones? It'd effectively be an "off pixel"
now make them picoseconds (I need to know when my bagel bites are done)
Thats crazy!
I just dont understand how linking the row together will allow for different ball selection ? doesnt that mean you will get  a row of all black or a row of all white ? how would you go about selecting a white-black-white row? I was really hoping you'd get to that part in this video!~
I think that you should heat and quench marbles in batches in electric furnace. Also, check out if bleach or pipe cleaner have any effect on chrome coating.
Have you thought about only implementing the change for each digit?  For example to go from 2 to 3 only 2 marbles (2nd row left most and 4th row right most) that need to change!  It should buy you quite a bit of time I would think.
TL;DR: You could extremely easily reduce marble demand by a third, and (as a bonus) gain the option to cut out an entire column and a solenoid from the multiplexer.  It's probably too late to point this out, but you don't even need to change three of the 15 marbles on the face. Ever.  The top left marble is always white while the Middle column second row and middle column fourth row are always black for any of your given digits. You could just put the marbles there manually, then remove/block those channels. The main benefit of this would be to reduce the demand for marbles by a fairly significant amount. This would in turn reduce how fast you have to return marbles to the top, with a fairly simple fix.  Just block the positions marked with O  OXX XOX XXX XOX XXX  A further improvement can be made if you took the 1 and moved it to the right of the 3x5 grid (just fill the rightmost column with white). That makes it so that you have to change the top left marble, but instead makes the top, middle and bottom spots on the right column never change from white. If you did that, you could completely ignore 5 of the 15 gates. That's a rather significant reduction in how many marbles you have to supply each second.  So 1 looks like this: (B for black, W for white)  BBW BBW BBW BBW BBW  And that lets you ignore these channels:  XXO XOX XXO XOX XXO  Of course, doing this also means you only have to supply 2 lines of marbles per row, so you could also get rid of an entire column *and* a solenoid in the multiplexer part, and save a decent amount of space. Or if you don't feel like spending hours for a simple upgrade, you can keep the same multiplexer, unplug one of the column solenoids while the gates are closed, and remake the part that connects the multiplexer to the clock face.
Replacing the marbles one at a time is what a CPU does but a GPU replaces them all at once Be a GPU my friend
if you used slightly smaller marbles for the silver or black ones you could have an easier and repeatable sorting system (similar to white ball in pool)
you can use ferric chloride to blacken    i that in screws
I don't know if you tried this already but you could get an induction heater to speed up the process of heating up the steel marbles.
I'm seeing some Bad Apple potential here
Never go full Wintergarten
Rifle blue the marbles you want black
milliseconds
Instead of black marbles, why not no marbles?
You should do a black steel machine
There's a video about bluing steel from Clickspring, he does it really consistently using some self-made bluing trays and it always look amazing.
Have you considered powder coating? It may make the marbles larger but you can try to powder coat any color you want.
I feel for you my friend
how about miliseconds? like make a marble stopwatch
The entertainment value you bring while guiding us through your thought and build process cannot be understated. Thank you for your efforts and creations!
8:30 sums up pretty much the whole project. Fun to watch, though. Keep up the good work.
This is getting ridiculous. I love it
is it actually faster than the vertical drop version?
Any reason that your "selecting" the marbles instead of reusing them? For this seconds hand design, i figured it would work best if you had a cyclic sort of "belt". Each segment is 5 marbles tall and 3 wide. With this you could drop them down while keeping them arranged correctly, and recycle the marbles to the back of the loop. Basically the marble equivilant of an old stopwatch or clock that uses cylinders with the numbers printed on the side.   Another related question for the clock as a whole, why are selecting marbles at the top by removing them from the conveyer instead of controlling what marbles go into the conveyor to begin with. This would allow your numbers to be generated much quicker since you no longer have to rely on random chance that the correct marbles are selected. I think it would be easiest and most efficent to have a sorting system at the bottom that can then select and supply the correct color marble to the right channel of the conveyer. This would remove a ton of other components that are needed in hard to work/modify locations such as the top of the conveyer. Everything located at the bottom would be easy to service and not be constrained by space. This would also remove the noise problem from the "rejected marble" slide.   Reguardless, Love seeing the designs and your solutions! Keep it up!
Your a genius 😅
Try hydro dipping the marbles
Instead of drawing right to left, you could ‘draw’ left to right, and so only need to ensure the last one or two digits are most up to date when selecting the marbles.
are you in love with pain
Get exited to see his videos pop up. The best parts are the trial and error process and his explanations. Plus he is a great teacher
now add miliseconds
I wonder if you might be able to find and buy already-black steel marbles.
so you're just recycling the marbles in order?  is that correct?  That makes way more sense then sorting
You need to ask a local blacksmith or machinst to blacken the balls for you
I have an idea.  But it’s a complete remodel of what you’re currently working on.  My idea is to use the exact same 150 marbles in the exact same order over and over again. 47 black and 103 “white”.  Because the numbers will forever be 0-9, you can just line up a set of 15 marbles that make the 0, and right above it the marbles that make the 1, and so on.  The only trick you’d have to figure out is an elevator to grab the evacuated marbles up to the top in a few seconds in the same order.   And if you can’t get the elevator to move fast enough, then you use the same 300 marbles and have two sets of numbers and twice the time to elevator them up.
How will this work?  Each row has a selector for black or silver balls.  If you wanted to make a 4 the top row would be silver, black, silver.  How does the middle column get a different color?   It looks like each row would have to have the same color.
Martin, I have found a new guy in the place, sorry
Masochist.
Don't forget about the milliseconds.
"NOT ACT WHY" on the side of the black marble container?
Wintergatan will start sweating pretty soon.
Nice going!
Did you try dunking them into old used engine oil instead of new clean oil? When I started hardening knives I used old engine oil and the blades turned black.
Did you try etching the marbles with ferric chloride?
I just thought of a method that only requires (a minimum of) 13 black marbles and 4 solenoids per digit. (or 16 black marbles and one solenoid per digit!)
next is making the marble clock update every millisecond (joking) love the series
These projects always entertain me, and the over-engineering is part of the fun, but i think you over complicating this design especially with the small amount of black marbles you have.  If you only push out the marbles that need to change, think the row of solenoids on the top of you belt from the first clock , you could use way less total marbles, and then your selection method for loading marble could be simplified as well, just have it load the opposite color behind the one in line before it.
IDK WHY at 12:34 the machine looks  like a loading chamber of a cyberpunk style automatic shotgun . So can we get a shotgun in the nxt video 🙃 , also u earned my sub !
Why would you use steel marbles considering that you have a perfectly functioning set of black and white marbles? You're forced to overegineer to solve magnetisiation.
This was my first video here. I saw that cool clock and I just had to click on it. Awesome job you did. I enjoyed watching very much 👍🏼
which filament did you use? The matte finish looks very nice
If it was me I would just make the release mechanism act on a per channel basis, then you can just use a flip flop to alternate black and white marbles in each channel but only release a marble when it needs to change color for the next number. If there isn't enough room to make it per channel at the current release point you could always keep the existing release and have the per channel release immediately after the flip flop for that channel and leave some channels empty at the final release.
You could batch process the marbles with a gas forge or tempering oven, and a couple of big steel buckets for the oil and the bluing solution.
Hey I got an idea for the vertikal marbelclock.  You don't need to discard the displaced marvels. Just use them again in that exact order. And build a loop.   But your more chaotic system approach might be more fun :)
Why choosing different colors and all 15 point,  Instead of 2 colors just push the marvels in the color of black, and leave the rest blank, simple 🤷🏼‍♂️
I keep thinking if you load the balls sorted, and could keep them sorted, then you significantly reduce processing.  There's actually so many efficiencies that could be incorporated, which he's not even looking at. (i.e. only switching the color changes).  Or self sorting strategies, like magnetic and non-magnetic balls together, or slightly different ball diameters, like a coin sorter.  Or why show black balls at all.  Have the black background and just put in or remove white/silver balls.  His designs are like mechanism porn, which has an appeal, but at some point it needs to achieve the design goals, work and be reliable.
man.... you can design this... creature, but you cannot make a simple ladle to load marbles... and i believe you "painting" one marble at once, when you can do at least four. well, i guess it is "genius disease", when you trying came to goal in fastest way but it makes it harder and even slower. my needless advice to you: not to be an rabbit, dont rush, make your tools to reduce amount of time on everything you do. this is true fastest way - improvement of your work process. not skipping some "unnecessaries". make you lifetime choice easier.   your building clock saga is fascinating, it fills me with determination, thanks for doing this
This should be used by Martin from wintergatan to play the half tones with black marbles on MMX.
also....you can get away with just 12 changing marbles in the array if you put the "1" hard left as it will always be white in the upper left corner and the rows 2 and 4 center locations will always be black
At this pace you will end your videos by saying: Now go and make something........less complicated!!!
or you know, have a line where a the each second whould be represented by one marble, and it whould slownly fill up, whould work good enough to be readable and simple
Doesn't this new approach to displaying the digits open the possibility of just using one type (silver) marble? You can create the numbers by having every hole on the grid either have a marble or not.
Instead of dropping all the marbles at once, I think for seconds, you can just scroll the marbles down one row at a time. I think for seconds, approximation of the current second is okay.  This means, also, that you turn a clear/refresh cycle into a single clear cycle, and the refresh is as simple as the next marble now having space to drop. Now you're just dropping a row every .1666 seconds (five number rows plus a black separator line) and if you do this with a roller that rolls out the marble instead of dropping it all at once, the marbles will descend smoothly enough for easy reading.  You're obviously way beyond considering that, though.
Why didn't you use a magnetic system to stop and choose the marbles?
Wouldn't cold bluing work for making the SS marbles appear black?
Very nice! How are you going to fit 4 of them next to each other? Would have been much simpler to use no marble instead of black marbles.
...can you paint those steel marbles? Instead of going through that painful oil tempering process 11 per marble...😢  Scuff the marble, spray your custom coloured car spray paint (or just black), and dry.   If you want it shiny again, then Scuff one more time,  and add a clear coat finish.  You can do this in bigger batches together to save time!
The second column second row and second column fourth row will always be black, right?
the front part is art!!! the back selector... it will work?
Well looks like heating the marbles before the blueing is the bottleneck timewise and i doubt you have a furnace so there needs to be a non blowtorch solution for uniformly heating a large batch of marbles and then getting them all into a bath quickly. I remember seeing a youtube channel focused on using microwaves as furnaces but they used particular materials for heat shielding (because most materials absorb microwaves too much), though i'd be too scared to try it myself because of a maybe unreasonable fear of electric sparks.  Maybe you could just have a rail to heat many marbles at the same tme but then i'd worry it would all stick together but that would probably still work with blowtorches if its all fixed neatly together
How many 3D printers do you have that you can print such high quality items, in bulk, so quickly??
Who here finds the center row of marbles filling in the "2" but nothing else triggering their OCD. I want white in all the center positions
Every part of this design is so clever!
wow.
how will you choose the correct colour marbles when all your selector's are joined in a row?
And when I thought the marble clock project is done, this video pops up randomly in my feed. You earned my subscribe 😁
Could you not reduce the 6 channels grouped together feeding into 3 marble slots, to 4 channels? Feeding alternating black and white rows of marbles does not have to be both black and white per each marble channel right? If you have 4 rows of black and white marbles alternating and put a solenoid selector at each of the junctions, you can populate all 3 marble channels with either black or white marbles? But maybe the solenoids need space so you are better off with the six. They would be overlapping crowded together probably with just the four!
Every step is a little more amazing than the last.  You are brilliant, sir.  And your tendency to consider the advice in the comments just adds to the value of your videos!  Thank you!
just show the even numbers only. That will give you double the time :)
Why not electro plate them?
imagine if you drop the marbles on musical instruments with a programming wheel to let through the marbles to play music... wait...
You put so much work into this designing each track multiple times and programming, not to mention coating all the marbles. I appreciate it as it inspires me and keep up the awesome work!
have you considered induction heating for blackening the marbles?  Have an induction coil through which the magnets decent or maybe are held in by a timing gate.  They drop out of the heater into the oil which is being stired to avoid overheating.  In this way you can automate the process and do something else with your time :)
You could probably lower the numbers of marbles required  by only swapping on color changes. For instance the top right marbles is literally alway white. In every number combination it will always be a white marbles, no need to make a contraption at all for that "pixel".  Also would eliminate the selection system. Since you would always drop on "pixel changing color", each row of marbles would be: white, black, white, black, white, black, etc. In other words, no more need of complex distribution tray for every "pixel".
It turns out he is speaking English
Hello... Sorry, but I am brazilian and not write english very well.... You can hold the current digit, not release balls to colide, because it is complex and take time.... you can sort balls as digit formed berind the "release" mechanism, and display the current holded balls with mechanism of 9:26 (time of your video)... like flip card display...when you active the "release" mechanism, you release the current number and hold the next number formed berind the released .. more simple and fast...
nice detail that the statue in the back is tilted aswell at 1:40
I héhéhéd at 'going full @nilered '
do a 10 second interval first, then speed it up
With a 3x5 matrix to make digits there's several marbles that never need to change color. Most notably middle column row 2 and 4 is never used. If you take the digits as you showed at 1:56 and move the one digit into the right column as it should be you'll notice that three out of five marbles in that column are always white, so you can just leave a marble there. That makes 10 positions to change every second instead of 15, and most of them rarely change. If you then look at the first column the top marble is only black on 1. The third marble is only black on 1 and 7. The bottom marble is only black on 1, 4 and 7. With patterns like that on most of the marbles it would make more sense to have per marble release control and just alternate colors on the waiting marbles in each lane. That way you just release a marble for a single spot in the digit when that spot changes color, which means only a few marbles is released every second and your entire workload is greatly reduced.
first i thought the clock sucks bal.. äh marbles but after the second video i was happy. know i think its cool
Ivan! qué grande! la gente dice que hace ruido! propuesta: xilófono bajo las bolas que caen! música maestro!
For first digit of the hour, you'll need max 12 black marbles. You have to display just 0, 1 and 2. 0 if you want, can be all silver there and that should reduce the black marbles to 11 (you need 11 black marbles to display the number 2.) and double that for buffer(You really need just 23 max black marbles. When you change from 2 to 0.). You change the first digit once 10 hours passed(only the number 2 is exchanged after 4 iterations). As for second digit of the hour, you can also use just more 13 black marbles (total 26 bcs number 8 needs 13 black marbles. But, if you wanna be eco more, you'll need just 25 black marbles. The change from 8 to 9. As i said, 8 need 13 black marbles that are displayed already and for number 9 that waits in buffer needs 12).  For displaying first digit of minutes, you can do same as for hours, you need to change it once 540 seconds(9 minutes). The max number of marbles remains the same because: To change from 5 to 0, you need 23 black marbles (5 uses 11 black marbles that are displayed already and in buffer for 0 should be 12 black marbles). For second digit of seconds, copy the implementation for second digit of hours. Nothing changes, just the time of iteration. You need to update the buffer once 60 seconds.  For first digit of seconds, it depends how fast you can filter black marbles from silver ones. If you do it fast(faster that 9 seconds), the number of marbles that you need is 23 (the most expensive of black marbles for changing digits are: 5 to 0 that uses 23 black marbles). If you cannot filter the marbles in good time, +12 black marbles should do the trick. For second digit of seconds, you should have a bigger buffer, as you change it every second. It depends how fast the black marbles are separated from silver ones... Add maybe more 50 black marbles? Idk  The total of black marbles should be:  Total black marbles: first digit of hour [23] + second digit hour [25] + first digit minutes [23] + second digit minutes [25] + first digit seconds [23] + second digit seconds [depends] 23+25+23+25+23+(second digit of seconds buffer, let's say +50 do the trick) = 99 + (25+50) = 99+75 = 174 black marbles.  If i forgot something, be aware that i did the math as i wrote this. Correct me if i'm wrong :)
How can you choose different colours on a row? Looks like you have this set up for all black or all silver as you have one solenoid controlling the selection for an entire row.
Instead of black marbles just make it no marble. Invent a way to push out unwanted marble.
Love the hair.  And not a single electrical outlet visible.  You *are* crazy and I should believe you.
incredible
This man has grit, I appreciate the level of patience and determination it takes to not give up or rage quit.
this is a freaking marble display
If another marble-based YouTuber had been this positive, friendly, and strived for simplicity, perhaps that infernal machine might've got finished (after he'd used all the Patreon money to buy a lovely house then bugger off)
Hey, just use LEDs. Quicker, quieter, lighter, brighter, no moving parts...
Heating could be done by inductance. I think it would have been cheaper and faster. :D
THIS ! is the wildest thing on this planet !
But will it run with the original glass marbles, as black & white is better the black & chrome
And after it's finished, Ivan will build a transparent vacuum chamber large enough to accommodate the entire clock, so it won't provoke hearing loss when displayed in public.
You could have easily used the first design with a servo that would just require 1 pwm port from an arduino per channel so 15 rather than 17 relays, further simplifying the design. Also if you used the servo design you wouldn't need the second gate, since you could update each channel at the same time by just synchronizing the servos. Also interesting choice to use latching solenoids? as far as i see you didn't really need them?
You unnecessary to change marbles number x2y2 and x2y4. Or marked [■] in a matrix. They're never change (unless you put digit "1" in the middle column). [□] [□] [□] [□] [■] [□] [□] [□] [□]  [□] [■] [□]  [□] [□] [□]
ok, i'm sorry, but WHY are you mucking round with colour selection? keep the three rows seperated with fins, and a clear perspex front plate, meaning you could then just have a lift bring each sealed marble stream round every 10/20/30 seconds, and punch it out with even a single solinoid pushing a 15 pin plate.
Excuse me sir but for the lines 2 and 4, you don't need the middle marble ; it will be always dark ! Btw Wintergatan has already solved some issues with marble gates Another issue I see : you can chose the colour of marbles  for an entire row/line at the time
You, sir, are a mad genius!
Marbles ❌️ Marvels ✅️
Just so that I'm clear - At first, I thought that the goal was to release all of the White Balls in one pass and then all of the Black balls in a second pass. Instead, it appears that each Horizonal Solenoid is cycling 3 times - once for every Vertical Solenoid release. For example, to make the number '2',   the 1st Horizonal Solenoid Selects a White Ball                W      the 2nd Horizonal Solenoid Selects a Black Ball                B       the 3rd Horizonal Solenoid Selects a White Ball                W      the 4th Horizonal Solenoid Selects a White Ball                W      the 5th Horizonal Solenoid Selects a White Ball                W    Then the Vertical Solenoid fires to release the first column Then another iteration for the 2nd column  and then a 3rd iteration for the last column.  Also, is there any scenario where it would make sense to fire off the set at the Horizonal level (20 total Solenoid fires) instead of at the Vertical level (18 total Solenoid fires)?
I don't fully understand why you need black marbles in the first place. Can this not be achieved with a marble/no marble setup? The whole background is dark anyways. Amazing project BTW! Watching in awe!
u dont need the switches for the middle 2 cuz they should only be black
Lots of people commenting how to make the machine more efficient. I appreciate it but some people like me clicked this video to watch marbles fall. The more marbles fall, the better.
you could shorten the time it takes to blacken the steel marbles by doing it in batches: get a drum, drill two holes on either end, attach greaseless bearings(very important), the shaft should be a pipe witch is capped at one end with holes drilled in a straight line, insert the pipe through the drum with the holes pointing down and attach a propane line to the pipe, the drum will need holes for ventilation and a way to rotate it to both suply the fuel with oxygen and move the balls for even heating. you'll also want to add some sort of gate or window to allow extracting the balls. you could also mix the propane with air before injecting it into the rotary heater, but that has some safety implications, alternatively you could also just use a smelter/kiln to heat the balls, but that wouldn't be as even.
unbelievable commitment to a project
Let's play a game. "Where did the chromium go?" And what form is it in?
Pretty cool! Can the multiplexer run 3 times per second? Haven't seen it run that fast in the video but maybe I missed it!
feel like vertical tracks would have allowed for smaller updates of single digits on the main display
can you powder coat the balls ? or something
wait what no spacers?
I'm sure a million people have said this already, but you'll never need white marbles in the middle of rows 2 and 4, so these channels could be left out completely and save yourself a bunch of black marbles.    That said I love your dedication to the cause - great work. Looking forward to seeing more :)
You could replace the black one with solenoid plastic stick round on the end. The feed to make from top. And release the boils from botom. So for example zero is inside black so the solenoid will fill up this black field and the balls will fit all around from gravity. When the second gone he release the balls from bottom then solenoid with stick will fill up new number and  the gravity will release new bolls from top what can fill up only certain areas and this will go on.  Just 5 min thought maybe this will work.
Can someone explain how he plans on getting a specific colour per location? With his current set up, doesn't he only have the option to get a single colour per row? @10:10 The gates selecting the marble colour are tied together with each other gate (the other 2) per row. All will be pulled from their left hopper, or all will be pulled from their right hopper. @15:27 he demonstrates that each column could be thrown at a different time, but that also ties each column together and therefore dependant on each other too. For example: If you only wanted a "White" marble in the top left position, and "Black" marbles in all the other ones…. how would you do this with the current setup? Multiposition servos on the diverter gates might be necessary after all. (Of course, that's also 15 servos too 😬) Great series though. I really enjoy it!
To achieve consistent tempering, have a look at clickspring's technique of a bed of brass shavings in a brass container heated evenly. If you scale this up you might be able to get good results on bigger batches of bearing balls.
This is sooo much work, I hope you find solution to reduce the time it takes you to maintain, fill and build everything !!
When the left-right arm on each row is connected to its neighbours, how will you get three differend colors (silver, black, silver or black, black, silver)?
Ivan, you are without a doubt the most amazing engineer in the marble world.  Also I give you excellent marks for your English!!  Not only are you intellegent but also brave!  With great affection, a fellow engineer wishes you the greatest of resul;ts... Oakmeadow
So maybe im not getting something here, but why dont you just paint the marbles? And by paint I mean dumping them into a paint bucket in bulk, removing them with something like a ladle, letting them dry, and then repeating one or two times.
Great video, bery entertaining and informative. Be careful to move  the servos completely away from the marbles to prevent long term magnitization resitual in the metal. 🙂‍↕️ miss me with that magnitised metal.
Isn't there some spots that are always the same color? Those marbles would not need to move at all?
You could have put them in a ball mill with sand to get rid of the chrome coating. Also I'm sure somewhere on the internet you can get a thing for "cold blueing" that is used for the finish on some old firearms which looks really cool, works on steel, and is quite dark-blueish
Honestly, this is a genuine work of art!
I love these videos.
I hope it is your lense that is making the aluminium part look so warped and nasty.
Can’t wait for the next part!
dude, this is awesome!  I can't help but think that you are making things much, much more difficult than they need to be. For starters, cells B2 and B4 will always be black. Why swap them at all? You can just install two black marbles there and skip a lot of extra infrastructure. Second, why swap marbles that don't switch color? If you only swap a marble when the color changes, every channel can be filled with alternating colors. That should be MUCH easier to do than programming and building a color selector for each channel.  Oh well, it is objectively more fun to see you do things the hard way, so please carry on! 🎉🎉
İf the horizontal selectors coupled together, how would they give out different colored maebles? For example, to write 7, top row is solid color but middle and bottom row is not.
Why don't you make a reset mechanism for the digit that releases the current balls in all pixels. Then you only need one color of balls. Just have nothing in the black digits. 🤔
I can't wait to see the next step in this build. I'm hooked.
u are genius
the marble blueing.... I kept thinking it was a joke...
If you figure out a way to keep the 15 marbles seperate from each other in the same lane throughout the whole loop, you don´t need to select marbles at all, because it is just a continuous loop from 0 to 9! They just have to be able to run through the entire loop in under 9 seconds (which is a task, haha).
Why are ball bearings being used as marbles? couldn't you use glass marbles? or plastic?
You can cut down the number of black marbles by not using the centre column 2nd and 4th raw. Non of the digits use them. Also, having 2-to-1 merging channel at the digit release step, takes away one solenoid valve movement (so 1 instead of 2 for each change) thus giving you more time to select the right marbles and queue them properly.  One the other hand, why not have a separate selecting solenoid valce for the left-right selector? This way you could have a separate color marble queues.  Great work! The front to back digit change is a great idea!
for painting can you use like sand paper(120 grit) then paint it weather spray or by hand? i dont know if it will work or not so take it with a grain of salt
If you intend this to work every second, I think you might want to add a second set of gates so you have a second buffer.  You have the displayed digit. The next digit which is ready to swap. And a staging digit after that which is being loaded by the ramps.   This will give the marbles an opportunity to dissipate their kinetic energy coming down the ramps, so that they’re not bouncing and ready to immediately slide through the gate into the buffer position.
I appreciate you documenting your decent into absolute madness
This mechanic will not work for seconds, only for 2-nd digit of seconds and above. For seconds you should control each column in the row separetly to add marbles faster.
can you make a Marble Alarm Clock?
I cant wait to see this part working alongside the other minutes and hours
I've seen other comments about getting the marbles blackened in bulk by a 3rd party. Ill i have to say is if you insist on doing it yourself, get an induction heater, it should save a lot of time, and it might end  up being cheaper than all the torch gas.
You don't ned black marbels, just leave the spot empty.
Hello, i have a idea.  if you want this to be faster and smoother you need to find a way to reduce friction between the surfaces.  This affects how fast the marbles go from point a --> b, it will make the action smoother and better looking. Now how are you going to do this. One solution is to look for harder plastic to print with and trying to carefully melt the printing layer ridges  that form. You would need a heat gun, a stand which has 3 axis for maximum accuracy and a 2000k-3000k light at an 45 degree angle respect to horizontal so you can see the plastic slowly melt and to form into a smooth curve.  Now this is allot of work but it would yield the best result. The other method is to coat it with something like extremely thin layer or resin to that print layers which look like this --> (nnnn) would more or less turn into this --> (☐☐☐☐).  This is a quicker way but comes with a drawback. If you use the wrong kind of resin, when it start to harden it might get slightly sticky like 2 part epoxy, so account for that. The more you start to take out the more rough edges the more it'll come together as a whole.  This is a really interesting project but it will take allot of work and time.  I hope that since you started this you'd find time to shape it more into perfection. I am writing this comment in hope's that you find some use out of it and that it may help you to get more ideas on how to improve and move to the next phase.  Best regard~ some viewer
At 17 minutes I've just realised you need two of these.
Also don’t be afraid of muriatic acid. Treat it with respect but if you do everything right you won’t get hurt.
So very cool!
why didnt you make a rack where you could darken a bunch of steel marbles at once?
I have a few suggestions:  1. Just use a single colour of the marbles, so you do not need to combine/seperate them.  2. Use several layers of the externally printed marble gates for presetting the next numbers to come up. Every second all gates are moved and the new number is displayed in the front. 3. Just exchange the digits that change from number to number. 4. Use some kind of a release (drop, poke out etc.) mechanism to remove the marbles on the display level 5. Think about which digits change from number to number, so you just have to remove/add a single marble (5 to 6 or 8 to 9) 6. If you keep using the glass marbles, you will not have any magnetic issues.
behold the difference between real world planning and on paper maybe planning. the result? ACTUAL PROGRESS.
They look like little planets 🌎🌍🌎🌍 🤔 Umm looks like you had the colour selection on a single rods 😳  And aluminum marbles would be cool, and anodizing colours like gold, blues and reds 😍 etc .. beautiful
You could even keep the marbles, that do not change between digits. This should not be too hard to figure out in Software. I think it would even look more magical this way :-)
Why not make a vertical track with the digits pre-made, stops for the digit desired and arms on a track to bring the digits back to the top. Would save so much time on the amount of black marbles needed
I LOVE watching these videos.  Thank you for showing your thinking, fails, adjustments, and successes.  I can't wait to see the next steps!
now you just need to automate the marble heating process. best would be induction heating :)
Can't each row of marbles just alternate colors, and you only send the marble if the color needs to change?  You dont need to push all new marbles.
Why are you changing the full set of marbles for each digit and not just the ones that change color between numbers? Seems like you could use less marbles that way.
There is NO way that this is the best way to color a steel marble black.
Please dump them into a funnel that they will spiral down, when they jump out of the display (on each refresh). You mentioned that you need a mechanism to reload the device, and that would be such a visually engaging way to start the process!
I just don't like this electronic selection of the marbles. With this much electronics you could simply use a solenoid or servo for each pixel and just swap a white marble for a black one if needed, no track needed at all. I would prefer a more mechanical selection of the marbles using a clever marble machine that doesn't need electronics. You just need to keep them sorted.
You wouldn't have to swap out all 15 marbles every time as some of the black and white marbles will already be in the correct position from the previous number.
I can hear Martin Molin screaming.
Induction heating for balls might be easier?
You could massively simplify this design by realizing that digits constructed this way will never have white/silver marbles in the middle column of the second to top, and second to bottom rows. You could literally just put a couple black marbles in those spaces that never even move. It might not be as cool, but it would mean less moving parts.
Now do ms🎉❤
Hey, why are you using steel balls instead of black and white balls you used for the clock already? You absolutely want to heat treat your balls??
Am I missing how the selector is going to select individual colors?  Currently it looks like each column has to be silver or black as the selectors are linked rather than individually attached to a solenoid.
If you had told me about your idea for a clock like this ..... I'd of told you you've lost your marbles !
Grande. "I lack the knowledge to stay alive" is a great line...
Dont replace the entire number aka refreshing the entire screen. instead just replace the marbles which need to change. that way you can save on the amount you need.
You clearly have experience making marble tracks.  Make a marble track that runs the marble through alternating flame, oil, and blue stuff 11 times.  Fire is easy, you just need fire (and fireproof track).  Have it drop it in oil, electromagnet up top to pull out.  Or solenoid below, but leakproofing that would be horrible.  Repeat for blue stuff.  Repeat 10 times, or have a marble spinner and color sensor that recycles or ejects based on whether they're dark enough.
Use half steel half stainless steel marbles to sort colours
Rumors tell that more than one lost its marbles on such a project 😂
Wow, this is pretty high quality content. I like you for focusing on quality instead of quantity <3
so i guess the next project is the  fully automatic induction heater ballbearing blacking device
Instead of using black marbles why not just use no marble. Release one where a 'hole' should be with open stopper and both marbles should fall down.
Very creative….but MAD!
727
This guy is amazing
Why not stack 2 numbers on top of eachother and use vertical dropping. You would at best have 3 numbers on top of eachother. Block the top number and lowest number, show middle number. Before second changes, block the current number from moving and flush the previous second. Then drop the top and middle numbers one level down so that the top number is shown. Then gather a new number at top, block the current number from moving, flush previous number, repeat. Would take .33s to swap a number instead of .33s + .33s. You can start stacking new number above all that and you have 1 second for that..
Someone may correct me here, but this system wont work for making individual numbers. Because he needs to select individual colours on you cant have both the splitter solenoids joined and the release solenoids joined. each layer is only going to output 1 colour, so all numbers wont work. either the release solenoids or the release solenoids need to be individual to allow each marble run to be able to select a single colour
i think i made this exact suggestion on the last video😂
You definitely need to automate the steel staining process if at all possible. Maybe time the heating, and use wire for forks/rails to lift them to and from heaters and tubs?
The marble clock legacy continues!
At least you're not advertising for Comgrow anymore, because that T500 you recommended in a previous marble clock video was hot trash.
I would omit the black marbles. And only have the clock put out just enough silver marbles to make the number
could have used vegible oil and it would have left a black oxide layer on them like with black impact sockets
love your craziness, keep up the good work.
11 times per marble, that's some dedication. Might need to borrow a mini forge or kiln to do multiple at once.
Ivan at 15:50 "I need to connect this part to this part.."    me:  SPACERS!!!!!!
Maybe it is possible to use the jettisoned marbles from the big clock? If you make the selection in 2 eject points. 1 for the white ones and a little bit higher for the black marbles. If the lines aren't filling fast enough,  maybe add 3 more lines on the conveyer belt?
it would be much cooler (and quieter) if only the marbles that need to change were replaced. rather than all 15 marbles every time  in fact, if you did it that way some of the marbles would never need to be changed and you could eliminate some complexity. the top right and bottom right marble are always white no matter what number is displayed for example
This needs to be me at the LA County Museum of Modern Art.
You are bonkers, but in an awesome way. Love it. A couple thoughts; 1) I think vertical could still be fine, 1/3 of a second to see the time seems fine to me. At worst, they have to hold their glance for 2/3 of a second to see the digit. Most people are going to look for a couple seconds anyway, or even if they don't want to, within 2/3 of a second and a couple ms, they will pick up the image. If it's easier, might want to revisit that. 2) everything behind the digit is like 4 times the size of the digit. You're going to have to do something else to get them close, side by side, or if you dont want them close, may as well make the digit size bigger. Can't wait for the next one!
I love the way you think "That's impossible to do" "That's impossible to do THIS way"
Se nota muchísimo que eres Español. El acento te delata de manera increíble
Whenever I get fed up and bogged down in a project, I think of Ivan and his inspiring perseverance.
This is super cool! Great work!
While these are interesting projects and all, too bad smart people like this waste their time making YT videos, and not doing something to solve real world problems.
You actually only need to push balls to replace ones that don't match the segment of the next number. ie 0 and 1 you only need the left, top and bottom but not right. but that's a redesign hehe
in this case, what's the point of using black marbles at all? You could replace the newton's cradle system with the same type of thing you're using for holding back the next digit, then only put in the steel marbles for white (and no marble for black)
Building this clock appears to be time consuming.
Why the metal marbles again? What was wrong with the ones you were using? They didnt magnetise and already had the right colours....
Wintergatan also had trouble with marbles magnetizing. Check out his videos on it.
Is there a reason why you couldn't spray paint the metal balls black?
You should get an electric nut buster for 400 dollars. It’s a copper coil that heats up anything in the center. Gets stuff red hot in a couple of seconds
What if you used a furnace to speed up the marble blackening process?  That way you could heat more marbles much quicker.
I hope this is only for the seconds!!! Love these videos!
I don't think this is going to work. With the matrix he has created you can only update either an entire row or an entire column at once. To display the digits he is looking for you will need different color balls on both rows and columns from one digit to another and this will not be possible with his current setup... its hard to explain but I suspect that I am right and he will have come to realise this by the next video.  Or he will reveal some other piece of info he left out as to how he will stop unwatend marbles from rolling down.
I scrolled a little and didn't find any, so I just want to comment that I did notice and laugh at the tilted statue in the beginning.
Perhaps, try using the BLACK MARBLES to make the digits (instead of the white/silver)?
If you're going to use 2 solenoids anyway for the release/selection, why not just use the single release mechanism with one solenoid releasing white and the other for black? Much faster and simpler, less parts, less distance to travel, etc.
If you pay close atteattention to, you can see him slowly losing his marbles as the project continues.  Joking aside, this is absolutely incredible. I love watching these videos. I can’t wait to see how this project turns out. Hopefully you can maintain your sanity as you make all those black marbles.
Get the marbles hot enough to nearly glow and then spray them with WD40. That gives them a nice black coloring.
miliseconds next
I knew the last episode wouldn’t be the end of the marble clock!
wondering if using anode / cathode electrical etching wouldn't have been faster / more consistent than the flame tempering /quenching 11x
Would bluing (like gun bluing) not work to color the marbles? Then you just soak them and rinse in hot water and the surface converts to black oxide.
Ive been trying to think of a simpler way to sort the black and white marbles other than optically as was done with the other marble clock. If you could use a slightly smaller marble for the black marbles, you could sort them mechanically via a sieve.
I might sound silly, but why not consider “NOTHING” instead of black marbles ? You already have a good selection method !
Gun blueing liquid would b way easier to darken metal on future projects
If your multiplexer is locked into rows and/or columns then doesn't that make it impossible to draw something like the number 8, as well as a few other numbers?
Can you change their color using electro-plating? I think you can demagnetize them using a AC energized coil..  You should go on tour with Winter Gaten and his marble machine...  I see a future Mad Scientist project in the works... (The Man in the White Suit) background sounds.
You crazy Ivan 😁
Haha just use magnets to hold the balls, no need for any moving parts! Single row per pixel fed with black white black white, release it only when that pixel changes colour... I know, that's no fun!
An observation that might help, though I don't know how yet: each individual segment of the marble display only ever needs to switch from black to silver or vice versa. This could mean for instance that you could have only one ramp feeding each segment, or maybe it could reduce the number of solenoids needed.
good luck!
Insane you did 1 marble at a time. I would have been searching for a propane forge, or hobbling some firebricks and burners together after 2 of them. Great work on the clocks though!
you are an amazing human ivan. Please keep it up, I am boosting your algo as muhc as possible
You are a crazy motherfucker, good work
Genius ideas here, wow
Btw, as a chemist, I'm sure muriatic acid would be safer than what you are doing to turn those balls black, at least it won't make you crazy, it may only kill you, which is mor ethical 😅 just kidding, with proper ventilation and your EPI, you should be completely fine, just be mindful of the neighbors.
Now do microseconds
11:50 I wonder if you could print any number using that mechanism, joining the color selection gates and release gates together and only having 2 solonoids to acuate them. Sounds like a fun leetcode question I could solve in Python LOL
Just another idea in case this one doesn't get to the speed you require. Thinking about a "mechanical flip calendar"-like system, where flipping the front block immediately shows the one behind. Marbles would be filling from the top, and once they flip, released in the same way, from the top, now inverted. The numbers would be drawn as they are on the queue behind the shown one, with plenty of time. Theoretically you wouldn't need to release them and just show the proper one, but then it wouldn't be fun or a marble clock. In order to draw the numbers, what about one line at a time while in motion? Like an assembly line, moving to the next station one second at a time. I'm sure it could be somehow more compact, and given you'd be working in vertical, you wouldn't have tracks that delay the process.
Lol Id love to see the conversation between you and Martin Wintergarnder, because hes making a musical marble machine.
"The Power of Solenoid Compels You!!!"
I feel bad for this guy
Why do the glass marbles not work?  Don't they act similarly?
Youve lost your mind. Also i liked the metro station song at the end. Sha sha shake it, come on
Just found your channel, awesome stuff! Lmk if you need any black marbles- I work at a factory that does heat treating and black oxide coating. We would be happy to help!
The marbles aren't settling fast enough at the bottom, which means they'll still be in motion sometimes when the next set arrives, breaking the Newton's craddle function. If you can increase the final slope at all it might help.
:')
Really good idea with the mechanical multiplexer but I have a bad feeling its not going to be fast enough for a new digit per second...
Thanks!
The complexity of this design is sort of wasted on a clock, where you always know exactly what digit is coming next. You could have, for example, used the "drop" method and just had all the digits 0-9 lined up ahead of time and pumped in the same order/orientation back up to the top, like a conveyor belt. The completely unnecessary power of this machine is that it can switch to *any* arbitrary input every "frame". It's a low-refresh low-resolution dot matrix: you could write messages, or play a game of Snake on it, or I don't know what else
So excited for this!
I would cheat and make a track of all ten digits and have them circulate but have some gates to make the actual visual update a little more "staccato". But then I wouldn't have a multiplexer :(
Probably not the first to mention this, but in the form that the clock currently is in, two of the marbles never need to change. Granted, two of fifteen segments isn’t much, but a 13% increase isn’t anything to complain about and could reduce the overall number of marbles needed.
Just some ideas:  The first style of marble selector gate which is three position could be held the center position with spring force and a mild detent.  A spring attached to the armature of a push-pull solenoid holds the armature in approximately the center position. A mild detent (such as a ball detent on the armature shat) can provide positive centering if necessary.  The armature can be actuated as pull to move the gate one direction, and actuated as push to move the gate the other direction. Two regular pull solenoids can perform this push-pull task by arranging them back-to-back with the armatures connected. In this case the control circuitry is simplified by connecting the two coils together as a single center-tapped coil. The center tap is connected to the positive supply and each end of the coil is connected to ground through a switch (relay, MOSFET, etc.). The mechanism can then be actuated in 'pull' mode by activating one switch, or in 'push' mode by activating the other switch. A snubber diode is necessary to control coil inductive kickback when the switch is disconnected.  The solenoids can be connected to the gate with a light-weight Bowden cable (the thin sort used in RC model aircraft) so that the solenoid size would not affect the geometry of the gate mechanism.  This setup requires one push-pull solenoid (or two pull solenoids) and one or two control lines per channel (with a few external components per channel one tristate output can handle both push and pull switches). For a 3x5 matrix that is 15 push-pull solenoids (30 if using two pull solenoids as a push-pull) and either 15 or 30 control lines. If the matrix is simplified for 7-segment display then 11 push-pull (or 22 pull) solenoids and 11 or 22 control lines are required. If control lines from the microcontroller are scarce four 74HC595 8-bit cascading shift registers can be used to convert a serial bitstream into a 32 bit parallel output (some cheap AVRs with a simple program could also handle this task).  That's a lot of solenoids. It would probably be cheaper, smaller, and require less electronics to use hobby servos. The servos can be controlled with an ATMega or a PCA9685 16 servo control board. As a bonus small hobby servos are compact enough that they could probably be mounted directly on the gate.  The main advantage of this would be speed. All elements of the matrix can be actuated at the same time.
For the separation proccess of the marvells you could make the blacks a little bigger so with and enclosure of the exact size of the stell marvells and a corner you could different blacks from stell. The problem here is how to make them bigger😂 I think something similar happens with the white ball in pool tables. Good lock😊
I love marbles
At this point I don't know if you need to seek help.. Or we, need to seek help... Great work as always !
Now you have to build a machine that colors the marbles with that heat treatment method. Simple as that 🤷🏼‍♂️😅
last thing to do is display bad apple on a marble display
you make great videos man
Wait am I missing something or can this mechanism not produce only single vertical lines?
am i missing something? if you connect a row of the marble selectors together.. what happens when two next to each other need different colors? one needs a black and one needs a white? but their selectors are connected..? in practice will you have to release only one row of marbles at a time.
did you test the regular marbles in this system? could they just work?
I'm not sure if I'm missing something, but to me it looks like this setup will only be able to do a single number, number 1. Each column will either be black or white so you can't have a 0 where the top and bottom of the middle column needs to be black and the middle needs to be white.
such a creative solution
this is my favorite channel atm
HA HA TIME FOR INSANITY LET'S DO MILLISECONDS
Marble Madness!! 😁
Idk why this makes me so excited
uh.. why not buy white and black marbles...?
Really awesome.  First video was amazing and each video you kick it up a notch!
Peanut gallery observation: The "digit" is now 3 pixels wide by 5 pixels high. Ejecting the digit's marbles scrambles them, requiring re-sorting dark from light to reload the feeder channels. Consider forming each column of pixels as a "closed loop" of 10 x (5 + 1) marbles, sequenced much like any hobbyist (Arduino) LCD library of letters & numbers encoded with bits to be fed into a shift register... Feed each column of 5 + 1 pixels from the bottom thereby "pushing" the top marble into that column's collection chute to be reused in 10 seconds (or 60 seconds for the digit to its left.) (The "+ 1" is to allow a row of 3 dark pixels to separate the bottom of one digit from the top of the next.) With more digits, this would look just like an odometer whose display rotates "from the bottom to the top". When you realise each of the 6 digits of HH:MM:SS would only require 1 solenoid to elevate 3 separate stacks of 7 marbles, you don't need 6x8 solenoids, or the complexity of sorting coloured marbles. Further, tens-of-seconds (00,10,20,...50), tens-of-minutes (00,10,20,...50) and tens-of-hours (00,10,20) don't require as many marbles in their "closed loop" circuits...
Your outro makesme smile every time. Pure joy
Electroless Nickel Coating, much faster, doesn't change the structure of the marble, and it is CHEAP!!!!!
GreaT VIDEOS MY FRIEND. aMAZING WORK
Please 3D print something to make loading a bunch of marbles easier on yourself. Perhaps a hopper you can fill and a long tube you can use to "inject" marbles where you need them.
Delightful! Um, do you need the black marbles at all? Now you are refreshing from the rear would a solution to your black marble problem be to only populate the holes that construct the digit? Matrixed solenoid-activated doors could handle whole mechanism, only requiring a means to capture and return spent silver marbles.    Yes, the whole thing would be less impressively noisy. But maybe something simple enough that you could make and sell..?  Um... if you really insist on black marbles for the blanks you could set the output such that instead of a door you have a black marble welded to the end of a solenoid - black marble up = no silver marble presented, black marble down = silver marble... the same actuator could set a trapdoor further up it's ramp to hold back the rest of the silver marbles until needed.
The ending was mesmerizing.
To sort them after they're replaced, half could be non-magnetic and drop down to where they're stored while the magnetic ones roll along a suspended path above as they go to their storage space.  In addition, there could be a second sliding part that moves in the opposite direction of the other, using the same solenoid, to drop them out as the new set takes its place.
Thank you so much for making and sharing your journey with the marbles.  Utterly fascinating 🙂
why would you lie about failed prints to have an advertisement?
A useful mechanical optimization would be that not all positions need any electronics at all. The center dots of an 8 never need to be changed, because none of the numbers use them, they always stay on/white. Same for the top-left dot, which will always be off/black for all numbers. This would also reduce the necessary marble supply.
Such a cool project! I appreciate your dedication homie
wysi
You might not need black marbles in this set up at all. You just need a marble where there is a "pixel" where there is no pixel, it's just negative space, so no marble. Instead of needing the next marble to push the previous one like the Newton's cradle, you can use the mechanism that stops one marble at a time to release what is there (so it isn't just always an "8"). That gets rid of the sorting, heat treatment process, etc.   Also, even if you don't do that, you don't need anything in the middle column of the 2nd and 4th rows since that will always be an off or black pixel.  Hope this can save a lot of headache on the next prototype.
8:07 "That's not a process, that's a lifestyle choice."  I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. Bravo.
Maybe a way to sort the marbles could be magnetic, although I don't know if they sell aluminum, copper or other metal marbles.
looks like a redstone 7 segment display
This channel has become the Ivan Wintergatanda channel
This is where the wintergaten insanity actually benifits you lol. The insanity for an actual engeneering project
❤
If the system is cyling through the same 10 numbers in a row wouldn't a mechanism that sets up each segment for its own loop be better? For example the top left is always "on", so that doesn't even need a gate to choose between black and white, likewise the top middle only needs 1 in every 10 marbles to be black to create the 4.
just need to replace the rest of the clock with this and make a marble sorter which you kind of already have at the top of the marble lift. Just kick out all of the black marbles on one level and the not black ones on another level.
an impressive amount of work Ivan
I have some suggestions!  A) Marbles. Use a bigger torch and heat up more than one at a time. Bathe the marbles in groups too!  With the masturbation from the solenoids. Use 🧲 shielding material?
This channel is truly beautiful! I love it!
8:27 Sunken cost fallacy at its best
He is clearly nuts. Never mind. 😂😊
crazy. Lets go
I feel like im watching wintergatan wednesdays with the marble gate prototypes
Would it not be simpler to only replace the pixels that change every second rather than the whole thing?
You absolutely need to automate that bath process. Just use a similar marble elevator design timed out so that it's a consistent bath duration, then kicks out at the top. All you need to do is man the torch and load the machine. Be sure to do it in batches so you don't need to track repetitions per ball. Also, the balls that need to be replaced per digit are NOT uniform! If you split up the swapper, perhaps into vertical slices, it would drastically reduce the total swap operations needed. Which wouldn't be a problem, but your multiplexer can only run one column at a time... which would need to be 3 times per second if you swap every digit at the final gate.
If you want to smooth out the digit marble drop motion you need a stack of 2 marbles that a single marble will run into. This will completely transfer the energy from the incoming marble through the middle marble and the end marble will shoot off the end. Thats how your swinging marble toy works.
Since the entire row is selected together, won't that require more ball releases to get combinations, like the top row of 4, needs two releases. but it is also releasing the entire column too, so something like 5, would need 3 releases with each column needing a different combination of row selections.  Is there a way to select each marble individually? then it is one release per second.
8:07 "That's not a process: that's a lifestyle choice." 😂😂😂
I don’t understood why you replaced all marbles per second if you can just send replacements for the wrong colors for the next number. Was it a question of making the arrangement for next row easier?
"full nile red"   :)
Would saying that a glass marble should be at least as elastic as a ball bearing and so work as well or better (as heating will do odd things to the temper) be an unpopular thing to say at this point?
Your shop is where sanity goes to die
imagine showing this to someone 100 years + ago
Maybe the current setup doesn't allow it, but I suppose it would simplify the process if you could remove the black marbles leaving a blank space. This would involve opening each solenoid on its own, but that could simplify the process of first, "painting" the marbles and second, getting the color of each marble read.
Looking forward to the wrist version…
You should hook up wit wintergaten and work on the marble X machine . I think you could help him
wattermellon kat
dont forget the mmx for ideas. its a marble music machine
Brilliant
You could probably make some optimizations given the fact that spots b2 and b4 stay black nomatter the digit
I love how 3d Ivan and human Ivan tilted when the machine tilted at 1:30
If would have thought if the ball bearings could come without the chrome plating, then they could be hot blued pretty easily.
Hey a furnace and would of been more efficient to get those marbles red hot
Now build a machine for colouring marbles.
Small. Not Azmol.
I can't wait until he realizes he needs way more than one number.
Black permanent marker / sharpie wouldnt work?
Bro - awesome video, awesome machine, and another slick ad segue. Can't wait for the next installment.
Hi Ivan. Thinking out side of the box here. Wouldn't it be better to have a grid that displays 60 marbles (one per second in a minute), then have one drop off every second? Kind of like a count down. Tyhen it would only need to refill once per minute.
This reminds me of a mechanical computer
Could one not get steal and aluminium balls? It would make sorting/separating them easier no? Plus I see black aluminium cases and gadgets everywhere, so I assume there is an easier process for that?
Would it be simpler to load just black marbles in the positions that will always be black and then split the rest of the position into "segments" to load the numbers by segment?  It would use one less solenoid, and I'm not sure how much simpler it would make it, but perhaps a segment separation like this: 1 1 2 3 X 2 3 4 2 5 X 6 7 7 6 The numbers would come out a bit more stylized, but to make each number: 0 = 1+2+3+5+6+7 1 = 2+6 2 = 1+2+4+5+7 3 = 1+2+4+6+7 4 = 2+3+4+6 5 = 1+3+4+6+7 6 = 1+3+4+5+6+7 7 = 1+2+6 8 = 1+2+3+4+5+6+7 9 = 1+2+3+4+6(+7)
Not all the marbles need to change every time, five of them never change at all for all 10 digits. Think of it like a flip dot display, the change from 5 to 6 if only 1 dot, same from 8 to 9.  you need 33 foreground and 22 background for each digit that goes 0 - 9,  25 foreground and 14 background for each digit that goes 0 - 5 and 21 foreground and 12 background for each digit that goes 0 - 3 and that is if you want enough ready for a full cycle without reloading. you can do this with 100 of each easily if you loas fast enough
You were literally on track to make something awesome. Your left/right toggle was the right way. You control them 1 of 2 ways..   You could have used servos with a servo multiplexer. They are easy to code, reliable and fast. They also offer the ability to fine tune if anything ends up being off a little with a single pixel.  The other way is with a push/pull solenoid (similar to the ones that you're already using!!!). You may need to open the outside rails of the outlet of the selectors a little to buy the currently trapped marble enough time to escape but it's doable. In the code, you follow programmer's best practice for efficient refresh rates. When coding an ili9341 which takes a bit of bandwidth, you dont refresh the WHOLE screen. You only refresh what needs to be refreshed. If it's (10:02 PM) you dont refresh and send (10:03 PM). You only send (           3   ) refreshing the 2 to a 3..  this drastically speeds up the refresh rate as less bandwidth (marbels) are required to display the correct info.   In your case if you used the toggle that you claimed had 3 positions and use it only as 2 position, you would only ever actuate it when that specific pixel needed to change color. This allows you to use it as 2 position.  This also DRASTICALLY reduces the number of marbels needed every second! For example 9 takes 12 marbels. Next number is 1 which takes 5. Those 5 marbels can stay the same since they make up the right side of the 9 which requires you to only update 7 marbels, not 12!!   Not only does this speed up refresh rate, but it speeds up all the operations on the back end relative to demand. (Sorting marbels etc) since the demand is much lower, you have more head room with your sorting mechanics.   If you decided that you absolutely needed 3 positions, you could use a double sprung (spring on both ends), non-latching push-pull solenoid that rests in the center neutral position when not energized. You could just as easily incorporate a self centering mechanism with 2 bars that straddle a pin in the selector and uses a light spring.  Hope this inspires you while keeping things relatively simple.
If you use marbles with slightly different size, it is very simple to separate them by running them over two rails that are nearly parallel but at a slight angle. The smaller one fill fall first. Just a thought.
10:15 You don't really need selection gates. If you alternate the marbles.... then you only need to trigger if you want to change the current state...
If you can control the lip at the end of the final ramp, you could have only marbles in the positions of the digits. Hopefully that idea helps prevent you from having to blacken any more of them!
Have you considered electromagnets for gates?
Great video Ivan!!! Congratulations on this!!! Crazy ideia... maybe you could replace only the ones that really need to be replaced.... Maybe you dont need to release all 15 Marbles. Since you have not enough Black. What if you just replace the ones that need changin? like from 0 to one... you would need only to replace the left ones and center ones (7marbles only). To make the 2 after the 1 you would need to replace only 8... KEeping the ones that are already on the right place withou replacing...
printing so many parts except for a quickloader
Great idea. Love the video. You started off strong but as a mechanical engineer, I could safely say there are a lot of inefficiencies with this design. Looking forward to seeing how you solve them in the next video.
Haciendo el sistema de esta manera, no hace que solo puedas elegir el color de manera independiente en cada una de las secciones del dijito, haciendo que no se puedan hacer correctamente los números?  El sistema de elección de canicas, también, no añade tiempo al requisito de querer sustituir cada segundo los números?  Soo entretaining every time
Couldn't you just use one color and leave the other space blank? No need to switch?
I get PTSD from this video. I can‘t go back. Please. MARTIN!!!
that is hilariously loud
Martin, take a note
I wonder if theres a way to whiten the "white" balls.
I’m interested in seeing how you separate the colored marbles and position them back in the queue.
Respect the dedication, question the mentality
You can scale up and improve the marble paint. First, make a hopper to drop the marble on a rail made of to parallel metal roods. Then make a simple mechanism maybe using a pin on the middle of the rail that o push down and the marble go direct to the oil bath. Put a metal basket on the oil like the one they use to fry potatoes. Make 10 rail in parallel with 10 tourchs. The mechanism to stop would be like that fork they use to get hail but with very small teeth.
Wow! If I had a nickel for every time a YouTuber went mad making marble machines, I'd have two nickels. Which isn't a lot, but it's weird that it happened twice. Right?
good vid
Nice try. That clock is made of plastic and metal NOT Marble.
Personally, I'd rather use pushing mechanism to push out new balls new balls trough flexible holding fingers Also remove randomness, make each digit contain all 10 or 7 or 3 digits And another idea is having reciprocating motion of fingers (that are placed between 4 balls) fingers move forward, moving balls forward, balls get blocked from moving, fingers retract, releasing front part of support, that slide down to non-mixing rails for recycle, and right behind them another digit is visible right away, about to get pushed out Fingers made of sturdy material like rods with bumps, allowing you to keep balls pretty much next to each other, it removes any steering or smart detection, also would require 150 balls per 10 digits, but should work fine
A couple things to improve efficiency: there are six slots that don't need switching at all; and since you're ejecting from the rear, ejecting the entire matrix isn't strictly necessary - just the delta.
For true madness, figure out a way to show tenths of a second or even milliseconds
A "bolt buster" induction heater would have sped up your coloring process so much faster.  Also this is SO incredibly satisfying.
Ivan. You don't need to change all the balls for the next number, som positions will need the same colour. 👍
cant you make the marbles out of wood? or does that make them too light?
Español verdad?
Oh I thought you were gonna use pure physical binary logic :(
It looks like a anti aircraft weapon
do it in millisecond. Microsecond. nanosecond. picosecond. See how easy it is to make unreasonable demands from the peanut gallery?
Amazing detemination required to find a way to properly black those marbles.
Tip.  Get a funnel and a clear hose little bigger then marbles.  Bam.
Art takes dedication. Keep burning metal balls. You got this....also we need a tune playing while all these marbles are playing ;)
I watch these videos, and wonder what I have done with my life. I could have been building cool stuff like this, dang it!
Wait, you tied all 3 selection gates to the same bar horizontally. Wont that mean that you will only get one color for that row (Assuming all black marbles are on one channel and all silver are on the other for each one)? Are you going to sort the marbles as you input them? Did I miss something?
In your 3x5 matrix the top left corner is always white and 2 positions in the center are always black so you don't really need balls for those 3, effectively reducing the required number of balls by 20%.
You need the black/white selector on each channel addressable. You ganged each row together so each row will either only be white or black, won't it?
To do single digits, you could have an extra row on the bottom of the original design with 60 marbles representing each second of the minute, dropping one for each second. It doesn't tell you the digit, but it could serve as a little loading bar until the next minute arrives
you should colab with wintergatan the marble machine builder
Gbay?
If all 3 vertical solenoids are actuated at the same time, I don't see the point of actually having 3. I assume this was for test only and won't be that way in the final clock, because since each horizontal solenoid drives a whole row,  you can't actually select different colors in the same row. As I see it, you would at times need at least 3 cycles to select all 15 correct marbles, activating columns one by one after selecting the proper position of each row in that column. I think it would be much easier (although it requires more solenoids/servos) to have an independent selector for each channel, that selects between silver or black channel, then a single actuator that releases all channels at once. It would make the cycle 3 times faster too.
I cant believe you spent a week doing that to get black marbles
Use gravity and
If there is only one solenoid per row to select the colour of the marble to be released, doesn't that mean that the row of marbles will all be the same colour?  Don't you need one solenoid per pixel to select the colour and one solenoid for the whole array to release them?
I want one I can see a ways off. Can we substitute bowling balls?
You have more progress compared to some certain marble enthusiast
Do milliseconds LOL
Why do you yell so much?🙄
I don't know how practical this is but how about instead of having two different color marbles you just use one color marble and simply don't have a marble where you need the other color this won't work for the time but it should work for the seconds since you're pushing from behind there's also means you can't use the ramp to knock the other marvel out of the way since some of the slots won't have marbles what you could do is make that aluminum gate right behind the display marbles and when you move that gate it will shove all the marbles out of the gate and then when it releases the marbles will assume their positions down the ramp basically you're going to use the gate as an ejector and now you can have all the same color marbles for the seconds and simply only deposit them where they're needed since you do not require other marbles to make the appropriate number since you are facing them from the front instead of from the side that would work then you would just need the silver marbles
If the marbles are magnetic, you can use an induction stove to heat them up, will go much faster.
rock n'roll man
I wish you’d read my comment a few videos ago. You’d have had an easier time buying white and black ceramic ball bearings for industrial bearings. Non magnetic, very round and consistent, and the right colors
Some of your time would have been better spent building a simple propane forge for batch processing. Would have taken you maybe 3 - 4 days, tops, but then only a single day (or maybe two) to do those 60 marbles or more. And then you'd have a forge, enabling you to do the other 940 in no time at all - plus other things too!
I'm still wondering how you will fit the seconds into the original clock face with your design let alone two digits. What would work faster and much easier is to ditch the sorting method and have marbles in a set pattern in a closed loop. There would be three looped tracks that wrap around your original clock face track in a vertical orientation for each digit.  Each track would have all 10 patterns (0-9) of five marbles for their own respective rows. A lift mechanism on the back would push the marbles back up to the top to recirculate. A dual arm reciprocating mechanism similar to the motion of the pistons on a V-Twin engine would help catch and release marbles from the display. The bottom arm would just be to stop the current "seconds" marbles to rest on. The top would free the next five in that row while holding back on the sixth marble. So...Drop five out of display, drop five in display, drop five out, drop five in. This could easily be done faster than one per second and would also allow a two digit seconds display quite easily.
I would not consider it cheating if, in place of black marbles, you just let the space blank.
Ñice to see you are making a quiet clock this time 😂   Another amazing amazing project 😊
If you drive the marbles this way, you only have to swap the marbles that change colours, if you leave the other slots empty it cost less in your sorting time
Marble Madness :)
I am looking forward to your collaboration with Martin
One thing that might make it a bit more stable is to imitate the newtons cradle even more closely and have a backlog of 2-3 balls so the new set of marbles  don't bounce back so much after the collision.
To get black steel marbles, you could cook them in coffee.
I would just get 2 buckets of black and white paint and dump them into 2 tubs of marbles. 7:13
am i missing something or do you even need a second color in this new setup
Really nice !
It would probably be easier to just… spray paint the marbles….
Please tell me you're going to use conductivity to tell wvich color the ball bearings are.
This starts to remind me of the pinball machine videos from Technology Connections.
This is super satisfying to watch
Using a darker metal for the black marbles could provide an advantage - first it’s much easier to get large quantities without spending weeks blow torching, and if they are different weights than the “white” marbles that could allow for a potentially simpler sorting mechanism. One which sorts the marbles by weight instead of color
If you copper plate the balls, there's a compound called 'liver of sulfur' that makes a flat black coating on copper.
release the light one to be at the gate when the gate opens. wait for the gat to be open before releasing the ones you want to be dark. the higher speed has both marbles fall, leaving the spot empty.
There are some smart corners that could be cut for this project.  Firstly, there are 5 marbles that will always stay black or white (chrome) through all digits. The two black marbles in an 8 will always stay black, and three marbles in the right most column; the top, middle, and bottom, will always stay white.  Secondly, not all marbles change from one digit to another, but many marbles stay either white or black. The numbers of changing marbles for each transition are:  0 → 1: 7 marbles 1 → 2: 8 marbels 2 → 3: 2 marbels 3 → 4: 4 marbels 4 → 5: 4 marbels 5 → 6: 1 marbels 6 → 7: 7 marbels 7 → 8: 6 marbels 8 → 9: 1 marbels 9 → 0: 2 marbels This has an average of 4.2 marbles per transition, instead of 15 marbles for a full update.
Won't this be way too slow?
Not withstanding the slight increase in size.  Would you consider having the balls powder coated?
YOU CAN MAKE STEEL MARBLE BLACK yet still super smooth and perfectly round just by using cold bluing :)
Why don't you use black chrome plating for the marbles? If the ball bearings can be bright chrome plated, they can also be plated in black chrome.
Can't you just make all marble combinations from 0 to 9 just cycle without always sorting? Then you'd only have to make them switch within a second...
WYSI 727
might as well just use niter bluing with how much work your current sorta cold bluing thing is
you know in a seven segment display the two centers don't change so you only need to worry for 13 marbles not 15.
Hi Ivan, very inspiring work, love it.  I am wondering, since the tracks are already black and your steel marbles are shiny, why not just send marbles to the tracks where you need them to show the next number. Use the aluminum bracket you have, paint it black and use it to stop the marbles at the front. With a solenoid move it down to release these marbles when changing seconds and a second to arrange the next number before releasing them to the front. This way you wouldn't need any black marbles at all. You wouldn' have to change change much an the marble selector, just put plug in the track so no marble can be released in the black rows, so your work so far isn't wasted. In case you fear the environment being to bright, print a cover to be installed around the frontmost 10-15cm.  Just thinking. Two thumbs up for your enthusiasm.
One issue that I see with the timing: The top and bottom ramps have different slopes. If you release a marble from a whole column at once, then the top one will arrive sooner than the bottom one. You could make the top ramp more sloped but also longer. But then you need to re-design the vertical arm that connects the release of the whole column. If you instead swapped the direction that your selector and release solenoids are connected in so that you release a *row* at once, then all of those 3 marbles would arrive at the same time. The problem would be that now you have 5 release events instead of 3.
You'll get no criticism from me, I just love seeing your awesome designs and I appreciate all of the work you put into each build. I also appreciate that you don't sugar coat any of the obstacles that you run into. It is great to see you overcome them so you can "make something"
The Color of the top left Marbel never changes, it is never black. So u could save some time by not cloloring the marbles for this channel. This is also true for the tow middel ones, but they are black anyways.
I hope you don't burn yourself out lol. This is so much work. Awesome stuff though!
The best of most usuless thing, tank you.
Miranda clock!!!
I’m sure you thought of this but I can’t wrap my head around it. Can someone explain to me how / if this design doesn’t release five same-colored marbles at a time in a column? How will you handle digits like five for example that have a left column that’s neither all-black nor all-white? Thanks!
I love how you find all those great solutions! Nice video as always Ivan!
every nanosecond when? thats a joke but tbh i woudnt be suprised in few years you would be making marble astronomical clocks.
Stop suggesting stuff, can't you see? you're sending him insane!
Ivan, you are absolutely genius! How many different educational degrees do you have? I would think, all of them! 👍👍👏👏👏👏👏👏
extremely intelligent or talented
You don't have to replace every marble every second. There are even two marbles that never have to be replaced. If you only change the marbles that change color from one second to the next you can reduce the amount of marbles per second a lot. This will make your life easier when it comes to sorting and lifting the marbles.
cool but I think you are going about problem all wrong try to get square peg in a round hole as it where?  just turning the original into mirror of its self so the marbles, coming in from the left in stead of the right as they are at them moment? and then as you are doing have special sub system ball run, not updating the hole clock as most is display the same information all the time in-between screen update refreshes, as point out the second the most active in getting updates the most? like once per second, the hours only update once an hour,, and minutes once a minute? so why is some much clock cycle moving marble being put into, moving the same marble, to just display the same grid of marbles, the only being updated because there in the way? so soliton is to move them out of the way? you could put some sort stop gates in-between the numbers, made of marbles, an just release the old outdates marbles, and ball run in replacement new marbles making up new numbers, so mot on the could directed at just replacing the second number, without have to rebuild the hole clock face ever second, would make run, a lot quieter, not have move so may balls around, and if the marble clock was getting out sink with real would system clock, it only going to be in big one got move the hole display as it's doing at the moment, and can do it at the moment? so have a lot more time in-between marble movements most make it easy on the maths getting numbers ready for display on the screen?
Can you make 2 marbles come out at once to create a blank space? (If someone already said this let me know) Or if you cleared out all the marbles with a gate on the front, instead of using marbles, this could open up more options. I don't think using black marbles are necessary or helpful in this configuration.
Amazing.
Maybe you should have anodized your marbles 😅
I hate to say anything that would stop the chaos of this build..... but why not just replace only the needed marbles in the 3x5 of the specific digit each second? would lighten the load of amount of marbles needed and increased speed too. For example, changing from 8 to 9, only need to replace column 1 row 4's marble. 9 to 0, replace column 2 row 3, and column 1 row 4. etc etc. if you did this, you wouldn't even need a selector for column 2 rows 2 and 4, as well as a number of always white ones.... column 3 row 1 for example.
This gives me Linotype vibes
I think the display in the front would work much better, if it were pre-loaded with multiple marbles. Then when a new marble comes from behind, it will push one marble off the front. That way the front marble would be much more stable and not wiggle around so much.
I'd use a permanent marker to paint the balls black. It won't be 'permanent', but it will take a couple of seconds per ball, and probably good enough for prototyping.  Another way to go about this is to make a big rotating disk that has holes in it. So it rotates 1/10th, and the mask for that digit will only let the marbles pass of the correct color. So a bit like a music box in that the content will be hard set. You might even make the whole thing fully mechanical without electronics.
The amount of dedication to this clock. I like the process of trial and error.
would using smaller ball bearing not give you the fast refresh rates while maintaining higher-resolution characters?
In that design with each row being joined by the bar.. you could only get a row of one colour or the other.
Next video: "I'm going to build a clock that does planck seconds" 😂
You're super smart.
2:29 😂 Subscribed. 👍
I really feel that pixels that don't change colour shouldn't change the marble. This really reduces the amount of marbles needed and the noise of running it. It also allows loads of 'channels' to stay the same permanently - the colons between hours and minutes for example. The '0' at the beginning would stay until 10:00 when it flios to 1. meaning you only need 3 marbles configs for that digit to cover the whole day with just 18 marbles to change for a full 24hr, instead or replacing 15 marbles every second savng over 1 million marble changes per day for that one digit. It means individual channel control though ...
How about using no marbles instead of black ones? Put marbles where needed to draw the number and leave the rest blank. The black plastic will give you a sufficient background from most perspectives.
We are going to milliseconds after this right?
Don't know if it works but maybe induction heating could be an improvement
brachistochrone ?
Compressed air could help with the vertical approach
try making an induction heater to melt or heat metal
You don't need muriatic acid for chemical methods - ordinary household white vinegar will do the job. Here's what I would try: clean the oil off first (dish soap and water will do that), soak in vinegar, then apply cold bluing. Unlike the heating method, this can all be done in large batches.
Electroplate the chrome with a different metal.  I'm sure that would work
Don't forget air to shoot the ghost when it becomes part of a rocket
Why didn't u get a furnace which can heat a lot of marbles with ease
So basically you step up from a 2D configuration to a 3D one... I cant wait to see the 4D version of this . heheh
11 times? Thos bearings are harder than diamonds now lmao
Darken them with ferric chloride.
Would sand blasting the marbles help with the liquid bluing? Instead of the heating
have you tried the system with 2 balls in waiting position on each station, as opposed to just one ? I was just thinking that some balls seems to rebound back and maybe if it works, 2 balls would be more stable.
Ok you're insane
😮😮😮I love the overengineering being done on this channel! 🙂
Would anodizing steel balls work?
Tus diseños y manera de entender la ingeniería me han llevado a ser líder de Powertrain en mi equipo de Formula Student. Seguro que gracias a ti la Universidad de Exeter llegará a lo más alto de la competición en Silverstone este verano. Grande
I am entirely unknowledgeable in this area, and you should not follow my advice mindlessly, but could you electro-plate the ball bearings with aluminum and then anodize the aluminum?
Burning off the chromium instead of using acid seems way, way more hazardous. At least you're using protection when putting fire to your marbles ...
Dude… the black marbles… it’s incredible what ocd can achieve
There are black nickel electroplating kits you can get for a reasonable price.  Might be worth the cost and time.  It might have been an option to, instead of cycling balls, use 15 balls and use magnets to suck the marble back up that is not needed .
Easy optimization: You will *never* need a white marble in two of the positions (the spots in the centers of an 8). In fact, you don't even need to drop marbles there, ever. Just put a black marble in those spots and hold them forever.
Cool, it's a shame that it doesn't display milliseconds for timing races and stuff. ;)
You are the good type of insane 👌
nobody dare show this to martin
just an idea, aluminium balls. you can apply an oxide layer on them that can be colored. the difference is, that the balls will be lighter. on the other hand, they will not interfere with your solenoids.
For the next time: induction heaters work orders of magnitude faster than your gas burners.
Red hot + rapeseed oil = Instant Black !
I don't comment on videos that often but I just wanted to let you know that I came across your Marbel Clock project and I love the way you present your videos and how easy they are to understand.  The scene with the making of the black marbles just made me laugh so hard that my wife asked me what I was watching... after that I had to explain why I was watching videos of a guy building a marble clock who now wants to display seconds with it.  🤣
Maybe NileRed could help with making the marbles black. He may find an other chemical way of doing it.
as much as i enjoyed madness mode lifestyle choice on blacking metal marbles  would it not make sense to automate that ? you are in the process of building a to the second marble clock , which is crazy hard  id have thought a marble cooking loop would have been easy by comparison and obvious given the time per marble  a small loop of heat, dunk ,cool repeat should be straight forward  you could even Ivanify it by having color checkers to pull finished ones out of the loop
I'm going to throw a huge wrench into this and say....what if you didn't need black marbles?  What if you just "kicked out" white marbles if they need to switch color, and have a blank space instead of a black marble?  You're already holding the "next set" of marbles coming in away from the "display" area!  The only issue I forsee with this is if you want to "queue up" a lot of upcoming seconds, then you'd have marbles filling blank spaces of numbers ahead of them.
This is madness... A more reasonable clock would use something other than digits for displaying the seconds. for example, a clock with hours+minutes+tens_of_seconds in digits+10_dots would be so much more practical. And stop "mixing" the marbles in a single pool: keep them all in their own lanes with enough marbles to display 10 digits in each lane.  what you're doing is just madness
I'd say you've lost your marbles, but maybe you just have too many of them...
Then after this upgrade, he can start making its Westminster chime.
I dont get the point of having channels for 2x2 and 2x4 since those will always be false(black), also 1x1 is alwaways true(white)
You could speed up making the black marbles a ton if you used a furnace and used something like a tray for a fryer to dip a lot of marbles in oil at once.  That way you could heat up and process way more in parallel
Maybe for the next challenge... make it work less electronics as possible.
What about cooking then In coffee water
To save some loading time you only have to replace the marble that is the wrong color from the previous digit. (Also would need fewer marbles including the time consuming black ones) Unless of course you have multiple digits on deck ready in the ramp section, which would mess up the transition as marbles from multiple updates will get mixed.   Alternatively, I notice you have 8 solenoids (for the mechanical multiplexer) you are two off from having an actuator for every digit.   You could use this to your advantage and drastically cut down the total (for the whole clock) by having a bank of numbers and passing an entire digit from the bank to the clock with coupled diverters to each cell.  Assuming there are 6 cells you could achieve this with 21 solenoids.  10- for each digit 0-9 running to a common rail. 5- coupled diverters (splitting the common rail into 6 cell channels) I recommend feeding the two "seconds" channel with fewer splits to keep up. 6- gates for each of the clock cells  You will have to keep track of how many updates are stored to keep digits on deck depending on ramp length to the cell gate.
But does it run doom
Instead of colors can't you have one "color" be an empty space? So instead of white/black you have marble or no marble!
I am a game developer and watching another person suffer like me, makes me feel better. Your videos are like a pain relief for me. 😅 Thank you.
I'm glad this series is back!
Maybe heat the marbles in a fire or something to heat multiple at the same time
Ivan, are you sure your multiplexer setup can handle up to 6 sequence steps per second? To draw a 2 for example, you will need a different setup on your horizontal solenoids for every column, so it will have to execute the sequence under 1 second, which is: set horizontal solenoids, release one column, set horizontal solenoids, release second column, set horizontal solenoids, release the third column. That sounds to me like there might not be enough time for the marbles to clear your multiplexer gates (meaning the just released marbles might get knocked by the horizontal solenoids setup for the next column).  This could be ameliorated with being able to queue more than 1 digit at a time, since 5 of the 10 digits have a pattern where you can release 2 columns at once, thus requiring only 4 steps in the sequence instead of 6. So I guess theoretically the mechanism needs to be able to do at least 5 steps of the sequence each second, meaning the marbles cannot stick around those horizontal selectors for longer than 0.33 seconds in the 6 steps case, or 0.4 seconds in the average 5 steps case.  Just my thoughts, excited to see if the gates are fast enough or how you will solve this if they're not!
i dont know how chromed steel will react but oldschool rust prevent was to heat steel little and cool in linseed oil - that makes dark blue color.
Nice work 😁
The good news about the black marbles is you need far fewer than the amount of silver ones.  For the ones digit every cycle (10secs) requires 103 silver and 47 black marbles  For the tens digit every cycle (60 secs) requires 59 silver and 31 black marbles.
Why not just use a lack of marbles as the black marbles and have them drop off the front with a solenoid? That means you don’t have to do sorting again because oh god
Shalom. Dude, you are clearly insane. Just saying. Peace.
How will you make a row black/white/black when all channels switch equally between white and black because of the rod on top?
Ivan, I love the over engineering. But besides looking cool, do you need 2 marbles colors? You can also make something that leaves the black spaces empty and only changing what is different in the numbers
Instead of replacing all 13 marbles every second, why not replace only the marbles that change from digit to digit? Then each lane just needs a mechanism that alternates between releasing a light and a dark marble every time it's triggered.
Why not build a machine to create the black marbles, would be a cool little side quest
8:09 one year later..
what if instead of black marbles you had NO marbles? haha
I had in mind that you could just pre-prepare the patterns for the seconds and just recycle them somehow, which would avoid the need for so much selection machinery - or even any!
Bro is a crazy person and I'm here for it.
Looking at the 15-marble display and using coordinates from the top right and calling that (1,1), then there are 4 marble positions that will never change color. (2,2) and (2,4) will always be the background color and (3,2) and (3,4) will always be the highlight color. You don't even need chutes for those positions. You could literally glue marbles into those 4 positions and have no structure behind them at all.
I just dont understand the 88 downvotes. what could you possibly have to complain about?
With only 10 digits, you could have put the marbles in a loop and just keep rotating them every second.
You're insane
Yes, but will they STAY black over time? 🤔
I don't understand the change to metal marbles. The black and white ones were perfect for this use case
I think most of this ends in the trash.  One Celonoid for each row means, all marbles in this row are the same color.
you could maybe speed up the blackening by doing it in batches, fixed torches in a row, a ball holder, row version
Maybe just replace the marbles that need to be replaces
It brings to mind The Nutty Professor
🥴
I love how he tilts his mannequin in the background too. 😆
Please help martin with crossrefrences between the two of you. he has plenty of knowledge on working with steel marbels and what can can't be done with them and problems he ran into and solved.
I wonder if optimized multiplexer inputs would be able to make every digit in just two cycles.
Your dedication to marble clocks is insane!!! Love it though, have been infatuated by this idea since your first clock video!!
could you powdercoat the bearings?
One way to use less black marbles (and marbles overall) is to only swap out those that don't change from number to number.  for example, an 8 to a 9 would only need to replace  a single marble.  In the previous version this wasn't possible, but now that we're going from Back to Front with the  marbles, it is. also, with this method, and correct timing, you know exactly the sequence of marbles you need for each number.  Actually, this way gives you five positions that never change color...two silver, and three black.  Ok, I worked it up really quickly -- with this method, you only need a total of 24 silver balls and 25 black for each digit in your time setup.  Should also be quieter in the long run, with less moving marbles.
Great video. Love the content density. I feel like this amount of progress would have taken like two years on that “other” marble machine. 😂
wait, then after the marble get ejected from the number display they're all mixed clear and black ones.
Time keeps on slippin, slippin, slippin... Into the marble return tray...
The marble quicksort is gonna be a fun thing to tackle, I'm sure...  Especially given they need to be distributed evenly between all slots.  Awesome work though. Any chance the marbles could be processed in batches in some form of oven?... I'd love to see this actually completed...  Also was surprised about you choosing a 2-step system for ball selection in a system optimised for speed. But - less solenoids and less mechanical mess that way, for sure.
Next you need to make a counter with marbles that are arranged as a number and thrown through the air, and uses a high speed flash to expose them momentarily before it catches them and repeats... making a PoV effect.
This looks more complicated than the ups package facility.  I can't stop watching
Improvement suggestions:  1. Skip black marbles and just make those slots empty.  2. Only replace the marbles that need to be replaced. Consider there is just 1 marble difference between 28 and 29, for example. Why replace all?
Not every marble needs to be changed each second.
I would approach the second update with the white marbles only, avoid metal. Second, i woukd place a gate at the feont, like the first prototype, then when the next set if digits are released, a front fate wikk drop all the feont marbles, no need for black to push them, no need for a full matrix, just a gate that releases all the front marbles in one go whilst no allowing the next set to follow.
Okay cool, now do milliseconds.
Don't forget you can reuse white or black space with this design — you don't need to replace all 12 each time. In fact will some always be black?
Wouldn’t it be easier for the marbles to already be arranged in a pattern and create a mechanism that just cycles the marbles and keeps them in the same positions?
Please send some of your productivity to Martin at Wintergaten 🤣
I believe that 5 of the 15 marbles will never change colors. That could be one minor optimization.
Have you entertained the idea of only updating with the marbles that are needed to move on to the next digit? Since you are rear feeding this, you don't need to reset the entire number every time. Only dropping one marble to go from a 5 to a 6 will require far less marbles and way less recovery time. This seems like the much more efficient route to go.
I get a feeling this desing will be a lot quiter then the previous one. Then again, we don't have a marble loading mechanis yet .... spitballing a few ideas for blakcening the marbles. Can't you make a marble run with a soloid stopper at the beginning/ end. Marble comes in, stops under/ over flame, solonoid goes open en marble gets dropped in oil. this migtht overcomplicate thinkgs but it will probably keeps you sane (ish), preventing you from another week of blackening.  also could you electric plate the marbels with another metal that is easier the anozide or change coulor?  Not sure but if you use a reversed polarity you might also be able to remove the chrom plating. But then the marbels might shrink, depending on how thick the chrome layer is.
Why change all marbles  ?
How is he going to make this design select 2 different colors for for a single row? 1 would require two black mables a one white in a single row.
maybe you should try to make a musical marble machine
You are making the same mistakes as martin was. I highly recommend watching the whole marble machine series as you will highly profit off of the mistakes he made. For example your "tiny issue" of it being unreliable will be a huge issue in future. also the design is not horizontally stackable. Dont wanna be pessimistic but experience in that "marble machine research" just proves me right. Start by defining your design requirements and make sure with atomic tests that your design is fully matching those before iterating further.
This will involve backtracking, but what if you didn’t need black marbles?   Instead of using a full grid of marbles for each image, you leave gaps where the black marbles would go?   You’d need a mechanism to eject all marbles (since you wouldn’t always have a new marble coming to replace the old one)  You could also play around with only replacing the necessary marbles with each number change. Instead of all 12.
You can blacken stainless by heating it up to 260 C and then dunk it in wet USED coffee grounds. Usually only needs 1-3 attempts to get it pitch black.
"This is starting to look a lot like actual clock making"  Possibly the wildest statement you've made about this project so far, which is saying a lot
Since the order of the numbers is always the same (1234567890) if you could catch the marbles for each track and feed them back into the same one, you could skip the selection process altogether. Just have the right queue
With this design, you can't select different colors for each row, so you can't properly make numbers.  Each marble gate needs independent control.
Something to consider: The 2 black marbles on the 8 are always black for every digit, and the top left marble is always white. So it might be simpler to replace those channels with static marbles.  Or, if you want to keep the animation of all marbles falling and being replaced by new ones, at least you know that for the top left corner you don't need the black marble queue and for the 2 middle ones you don't need the white marble queue.
You crazy genius.
Just an idea, but would it be possible to implement the clock as some kind of 7-Segment-Display like some LCD displays use? 2 of the marbles will never change (the black ones in 8). You would change the color of entire segments instead of individual channels, so 7 solanoids might suffice. E.g. in the transition from 2 to 3 you would only have to change 2 segments. If the marbles in one channel are alternating between black and white, you wouldn't need to select from black and white channels. Instead you would activate the solanoid of e.g. the "top" segment and every marble in that segment changes color, because they alternate.
this is madness! thank you :)
Japanning for the black marbels?
Nice project, most interresting is the proces itself. But how are you manage that you need black and white marbles at one horizontal row. Because you have connected the horizontal switchers to one solenoid. In my opinion the switchers should be individual.
How about anodised aluminium balls?
Ivan - What a project!!!  Great job.  Now, tell the truth... did you take this project on just because you like to say the word, "marbles"!  🤣
But does it play tight music?
Ok, after the first marble clock video I thought you were just a random dude with a cool idea that will probably fail and go nowhere. Now I think you're a crazy genius :D
You need a furnace to do bulk steel marble tempering.  Yes, tempering is to achieve specific metallurgical characteristics (flexibility, hardness, etc), but the process definition still applies.  Ceramic brick, a propane torch and blower would likely be sufficient to get the marbles to the correct temperature.  This would be far more controllable and uniform using something like a wire  ball tray made out of Tungsten perhaps?  Just a thought.  Additionally, it's all rather cheap, though, I'm not certain about Tungsten wire costs.
One advantage of the design you discussed around 2:14 is that you could build it without making any sorting mechanism. Just keep the marbles in the same channel and loop them back up to the top. It would effectively work like a flip clock.
No no. If your going to do seconds... now you need to add in the thousands of seconds.
dumb tough i just had, but technically your'e not racist by having black and white marble
For the Color have you thought of electroplating like zinc?
With only two digits, you could simply let the numbers run in a circle. 7x for the tens including the zero and 10x for the ones digit.  Then you don't need any form of sorting
😮 Do you need to ever change the marbles [2x2] & [2x4]?
You should practice "form from function"
Shame. I like your engineering, just be original. “Oh I can’t make marbles do something”… where have we have we heard that before
RED FILAMENT SHORTAGE????????
So cool!
I think we all need a marble stop watch.  For a best use case it should do 1/10ths of a second.
If you control how the marbles exit, you could keep them in the same orientation and feed them to the back without "checking" the colours. And because it just loops through 10 digits, you would only need 150 marbles total.
Question: Why are you even bothering with steel marbles if there giving you this much trouble? Not only will the solenoids be giving you trouble, I'm certain you don't want to spend another 2 months making enough black marbles for this to work...
Ivan, have you considered KLIAR nano-ceramic e-coating by Legor to colour the metal "marbles"? It's a very thin, durable coating applied similarly to electroplating. It's available in many colours including black. Each marble would only need to be processed once instead of 11 times.
Im blown away. Thank you or your efforts Ivan!
An idea that popped into my head at the end here is making it so that way you don't replace the same colored marble. Like marbles 2,2 2,3 and 2,4 (column,row) are black for both 0 and 1, so don't replace them. By that logic marbles 3,1-3,5 are white (chrome) so don't replace them. Just an idea to maybe help it run faster is just replace the marbles that change color.
Something I'll say. Forcing the marble selection to be universal per row is going to cause a lot of problems later on. If you have two colors in one row, you will need to do the selection twice, assuming you can stop both marbles, or you will simply only be able to decorate by row based on the option of marbles that are already present. You will eventually need to have each cell be selected individually in order to make this work, both for speed and accuracy, and can then open all the channels all at once rather than opening each channel individually.
As I watch this, your level of dedication, genius and madness shines through. I am simply stumped by all this.
Maybe just having a pool with only black marbles and a pool of only non-black marbles would work better, than setting up an algorithm to predict what you need and filter it on the belt. If you always have black marbles on the left, while you always have non blacks on the right, you can make a mechanism that just selects left or right for each position.  The downside is, that you would require one solenoid per choice gate, with the 3 additional for the release gate. Or in the case of your example. 18 in total.
To get six of those with a correct spacing between the digits is going to get interesting. Each digit is going to need a custom set of ramps from the selector to the gate and that’s going to affect the timing of the arrival at the gates. I’m sure that he’ll find a solution but I bet it’s going to get more interesting from here on.
Well, it could be worse. It could be a music instrument :) BTW: Probably look into pacman gates. There is some nerd that already had quite some problems working with a marble machine.
Now we need milliseconds 😈
If your PRINTER can not PRINT that release mechanism part, Your PRINTERs are sh*t, i think you wanted to talk about pcbway and invented that story.
Ivan you are wild😂 Looking forward to follow the project. 👍🏻
It is obvious that you will neеd an alarm function for your clock, and not the simple beeps, but decent melody, like with drums, strings etc. Then you know who to ask.
I don't see how you can possibly get this mechanism running fast enough. You need a solenoid cycle for each rectangle, so in the worst case that's going to be like 7 cycles, which will take far more than one second. Even with differential updates where you only load marbles that need to change from the previous digit, going from 1 to 2 would require 4 blocks, (top row, middle row, bottom row, flipping 4th row right)
I am always torn between two feelings when I watch your videos. Either Amazed, or Amused. Usually both. 🤣👍
You probably want an induction heater to heat the steel balls. - it will save a lot of gas  also some sort of  machine robot to hold them and drop them in the oil,
Ivan the marble man
There's a problem in your mecanism. Every row Is made of 3 channels, in every Channel you can chose if a marble Is White (right Channel) or black (left Channel). But if the selectors of every Channel in the row are connected to each other (moved by 1 solenoide) you can't have different colours in a single row. Maybe you didn't noticed It because you used only White marbles for the tests. Hope I'm the One wrong (Sorry for bad english, not my First language)
8:00 You are an absolute madman, and you are wonderful.
You could try using gun bluing. Some blu coats can go over some types of chrome.
What about if you went with the marbles falling , but had each digit pre loaded, each digit needs 15 marbles, and every second they drop out of the bottom and get transported to the top to start again. Every 10 seconds the column changes on the left. Etc
my boy with that multiplexor you wont be able to choose a color between the silver and black marble for each "pixel" of the clock, just diferent rows of marbels, check that before this get way more complicated
glad to see a continuation 😊 I can see some potential for optimization if all the vertical gates of two columns are the same, you can trigger both columns at the same time. For example for number "3" the first and second column will be identical, so you can open both of them. Then just adjust for the third. Saves a third of the time. You're not gonna be that lucky for every digit though... Basically just 0, 1, 3, 7 and 8. And as you don't have any caching anymore, you can't take the gains over to the next digit. Unless you do add a cache (another Aluminium gate) of course. And even then there's a link dry spell between 3 and 7, unless you add three or four of them 😆 Oh, just noticed you can change your design from 1:50 so that number 6 and 9 have two identical columns as well. So the biggest dry-spell you have to cover is two digits wide.  Maybe get rid of the Aluminium gate and use the same design you had for the sorter, just with only one solenoid for all lanes (and half as many lanes). That one can release a single marble per run so you can pre-sort marbles to for a line and release only the first one. Not sure you can shrink down your gate design that far though... And get it fine-tuned enough to just throw out the old marble but not shoot out the new one.  If not, that leaves us with a three-stage approach: The big sorter to feed into a cache like I just described, lining uo the marbles for the upcoming digits behind a gate that can release the first of them into the metal gate where they wait for the final release.  I'm sure your solution will be much nicer than this, I'm just brainstorming 😂 Maybe you won't have any trouble at all just speeding it up until you can easily sort in a second with your current design.
You could also clean your complete bathroom with a broken toothbrush😂. Man why don't you automate you coloring process aren't you smart enough for process optimization😅man one freaking week for 16 marbles 🤣. You're just stupidly inefficient 🤣😂🤣😆love it! ❤️
did you try black permanant marker?
You make it to complicated;  If you have a row of 60 marvels piled in a channel  (I per sec)  Besides on / the channel you put markers for seconds ,and add one evry sec in it via a solenoid release, drop the whole row ,into a collection vessel via a bottom mechanism  when the last one  Is added (at 60) , then start over  again . One channel, two solenoids and a single row marvel elevator (only one colour  needed )  the elevator can be set up to fill a magasin with marvels and then stop,when it's full.  You could also do a variant that displays hours minutes and seconds, in three rows quite easy, even doing the hour  In 24 hours format . In 24 hour format  Yoo will have : row 1 24  pc    2: 60-: -  3 -:- 60
Camden Bowen mini lathe video,  uses vegetable oil that leaves a nice black finish on his steel in ONE QUENCH. might be different for chromed steel
I thought the thumbnail was some kind of horrifying ball-bearing railgun until I read the title.
So cool
Watching a whole pane of marbles roll down and bump off the previous ones was so satisfying.
You can make the marble magazines vertical too. So each column of pixels shares an input for each colour. This would mean less black marbles that take forever to make.
The madness continues.. 😂
Maybe you should invest in a furnace that can reach temperatures high enough to get the marbles glowing (propane forge maybe). Put 50 marbles in there. Wait until they’re hot. Dump into oil. Dump into the blueing solution. Repeat.   Should be much faster
WYSI!!
It seems like each pixel has a fixed sequence of 10 marbles, so why not just have a closed loop for every pixel with 10 marbles in it and just make sure they all stay in sync rather than mixing all the marbles back and reselecting them?
Did you in the end really make it simpler by not using servos? You added magnetism in the mix and need to multiplex the whole thing I think the 3 stat design you showed first would be simpler to control and make work reliably Having two relays each and multiplexing things with yet another servo will slow you down and break the neck when it comes to the one second goal
Man this is CRAZY I LOVE it! haha
You can make three-positions solenoids using a magnet to draw the solenoid to the neutral position when idle, then field polarity to flip in either direction. Or do it like a speaker cone where it physically rests near center position and then the electromagnet is used to deflect either way from the resting position.
Where is @Wintergatan when you need him? I love these kinds of engineering videos
This really needs to be upgraded to teleportation!
So what is with the lower right channel? It was empty during the credits roll.
Whats the point of the wall at the end to hold the marbles in place before the second change? Why not use that matrix to release only the marbles you need in anticipation for it, so by the time they get to the end they pop off the old marbles at the exact right time? Maybe it's got something to do with tolerances...
you can give the solenoid 3 positions by tensioning the solenoid with a spring. when no current is flowing, the solenoid has the middle position due to the spring, when the coil attracts the one position and when the coil repels the other position.
2:13 cuanto!?!
why do you need 2 colored marbles, you can just display the time with the marbles an keep the black space blank :)
... washer stacks... washer stacks.. must... have.... gasp.
Oh god, he's going full Wintergatan...
How about replacing the black Marbles with no Marbles. Chrome marbles in front of the black background would work on the inverse principle of an LCD. This would also get rid of the need to sort the Marbles.
Is it possible to get a solenoid with two springs so that it idles in the middle? That way you could drive it with a H-bridge. Power it one way to go to one position, power it the other to go to the opposite position and leave it unpowered to be in the middle position.
This is truly fantastic to see. You've done a wonderful job.
Martin Molin: Magnetized marbles? HAHAHAHAHAHA. Welcome to my nightmare!
Since you're definitely going to have to move the solenoids further from the lanes might as well have an 'engine block' and hook up each selector to its own solenoid with rack and pinion. That way you just need to divide the marbles into designated black and white lanes and you can select which ones to let through as late as possible.
I bet every min changed you greatly appreciate that clock,, especially at night.. I use to have the older ones that had a swing arm picking up a steely bearing every min and it would deposit it at the top of a set of ramps.. every five it would dump and then it would dump the next every 60 and then dump from the next that held the amount of hours went by… and it was noisy,, terrible, but at 11:59 when your sleeping pretty good and then all the days worth of carnage dumps down a bunch of ramps and this is where I no longer owned a working bearing clock..
Loving this video. Cheering you on! Thanks for the journey
This is like Wintergatan but with actual hope of a final product.
WYSI 0:00 0:18
Why you don't paint marbles?
At least for this version you only have to update the last second digit once per second. The next digit needs updating only once every 10 seconds, and so on. So if you can find a way to cycle back the marbles per digit, you just need to put them in the right order, and loop through all 10 digits for the last digit, 0-5 for the 2nd one, etc. In essence, make each digit its own closed loop system. Once you have the seconds figured out, the rest is copy paste.
very nice solution 👍  I'm so excited to see how it progresses. Now that I see it, though, I'm afraid it might need anti-sound speakers too🤣 haha
You are insane. End of story. But in a good way 😂
Just when I thought you couldn't get any more insane. You lovely crazy person. Don't hurt yourself, and if you ever need to take a break from the craziness please do so.  But in the mean time, we LOVE what you're doing here. This is Colin Furze level madness!
One method I had thought of is to use a rotating vertical display where the display rotates horizontally but the balls fall vertically, going with 4 faces for simplicity, the front face is the display, one of the side faces is the next digit and the opposite side is the drain.  Once a second you rotate the square, the old side falls away and it loads the next side. It is essentially parallelising the process, it can display, load and drain all at the same time but on different faces so completely separately and the display time is determined by how fast it can rotate so then you have close to a full second for each step, loading, draining and displaying. Since loading or draining both take 0.33 s then since both are completed simultaneously it would have plenty of time to spare.  Another idea I have had is to never mix the marbles, each digit counts linearly and predictably so rather than picking out the marbles for the display you keep the marbles in closed loops and just loop them, that eliminates the marble picking step.  The only problem could be with multiple digits close together but then you could change to using a triangle rather than a square or keep with the square but do both the loading and draining on the back side. It should be possible to make it circular too which could also eliminate the issue.  Edit: the loading and draining on the rotating display could be handled automatically and mechanically too, just have a void under the drain and have the gate automatically open when the loading side is in position. By setting the height of the display right every rotation it could load a set number of marbles dictated by the height of the slot. Then you eliminate having to control the gates as it is completely automatic.
Crazy Project👍 wouldnt it be easier, both mechanicaly and for readability, if only those marbels change, that need to be changed in the grid? And because it repeats, you could design "steps" so that a circle completes after 10 steps, regardless If for example only three marbels need to change. Incredible machine🤯
You can get 3 positions with a solenoid by keeping a centre point in suspension by springs. You then pass voltage to the coil in either polarity to activate the positions either side. However, your mux system is far better!
Ok as soon as you mentioned coloring the steel marbles I said out loud cold blue them. I am happy my first thought was the best answer.
For a 0..9 cyclic counter there is no need to select marbles on the go at all. Just do 3x5 looped channels and pre-set the sequence of 10 marble colors per channel. It is a quite boring solution, tho.
Why don’t you A. Make a build with small folds to hold it in place instead of screws so that it could slide on and off and B. a smaller build so that it doesn’t take much space. Like the display could be the ladder that returns the marbles to the top.
I love your videos! They are super funny and interesting.
wow! thank you!
I really like projects like this one even if they are very much impractical.
I fear you're going to run into a speed issue with this design. You have to release balls a full column at a time after putting your selectors in the correct position. But the selectors need to be in different positions depending on the column, which means for some digits, such as 4, you're going to need to select and drop each column individually, and you'll need to do it three times in one second.  Edit: On further consideration, this is true for digits 2, 4, 5, 6, and 9. You're going to need to average a "select-drop" cycle 2.5 times per second for this to work.
Given everything is black, just having chrome marbles and voids instead of the black ones might still be quite readable.
This project is very very cool. But it feels like you should've quit while you were ahead. But i'm rooting for you.
Not trying to spoil the party, but if this single digit is getting wider at the beginning (where all the marbles are stored), how would you fit 6 characters in a straight line ??? 😮😢
make a marble alarm clock made with 6 of these to show the hour minute and second while being ultra compact and quicker to print
Vaya proyecto... Se me ocurre que podías haber usado para calentar las bolas un calentador inductivo. Creo que hubiera sido algo mas rápido. Menuda paliza. Felicidades por el proyecto. Saludos.
I've never had to degauss marbles before.
Just remember when changing from 0 to 1 that you only need to update what has changed not the whole thing!! This will make it more efficiant if its only changing what needs to be changed and leave the segments that dont need to be undated.. Plus it will look cooler then the whole thing refreshing!
Wait till someone suggestes adding milliseconds
That just soo crazy - I like it. 😊👍 If you cooked those marbles like crazy, chances are their magnetic characteristics are now different enough to pick up on their "color" using either optical or magnetic sensors - for refill. Also, why use mechanical gates if you could use electromagnets to hold your marbles in place, which would be a lot faster and make no additional noise ?
There is a company called sculpt neuvoau that makes patinas (black magic and midnight black). I’ve used them for blacking my steel work. These patinas work on many metals, but not nickel plated or stainless reconsider muriatic acid
Maybe a suggestion: I see that the balls that are showed bounce a little, reducing the speed of the system. Try to increase the angle of the final part (that end with the step that stops the marble) to reduce this bouncing. Also maybe print some one-way teeth to "encourage" movement toward the showed marble but stopping the bounce
Ivan, how about just not having marble when black and leaving it empty? Than you could use template with holes for digit selection instead of having separate selector for each marble.
You should try the "light uniform rust + boil inside water" black oxide technique, way faster to do it batches.
Excellent progression! You are getting there! Still, I do not understand, why you want to change all digits every second. You could save a lot of marbles, if You limited the update to the elements of the display that really need an update. For example, updating the seconds from  ":05" to ":06" only requires one marble to be changed on a 15 grid. And even going from ":09" to ":10" needs only 12. Also this kind of explicit change can be pre-staged much easier, since the digits in one column will only ever go from "0" to maximum "9" in column 6 and 4, A sequence, that needs 10, 8, 2, 4, 4, 1, 7, 6, 1, 2 marbles respectively to process.  So even in the theoretical worst case for a complete flush of the time, only 10 x 6 = 60 marbles are ever required to update hour, minutes and seconds if setup this way. Why do I say theoretical worst case? Well, there is only 60 minutes in an hour.  The first column only changes from "0" to "1" to "2" and back to "0" - marbles required to process that: 10, 8, 3.  The second column displays the numbers from 0 - 3, - marbles required to process that: 10, 8, 2, 3. The third and fifth column can only ever go from "0" to "5" and back to "0" - marbles required to process that: 10, 8, 2, 4, 4, 3. Only he fourth and sixth column go the full sequence - marbles required to process that: 10, 8, 2, 4, 4, 1, 7, 6, 1, 2.
When I saw the box with steel marbles I knew the fun and games was over. Time to haul in the large bucket of elbow grease
Even the statue being tilted in the background when you tilted the clock 😂 nice easter egg lol
Multiplexer for the win
Don't lose your marbles. Let it take whatever time it takes. Your progress is astounding already. Poor Martin at Wintergatan is weeping over his morning tea watching this.* Your work is supported by patrons who know whatever time it takes to work on each of your projects doesn't affect their desire to support your YouTube channel. *joke
Dude you're crazy! In the best way possible of course! Looking forward to part 54 😅
"This is starting to look a lot like actual clock making", said the man actually making a clock
Only down side to PCBway is they only do SLM printing. Which makes printing smaller parts with hollow interiors difficult due to support removal. Would love it if they got SLS printing.
Get a small forge to heat the marbles. You will be happier. Or reconsider muriatic acid. It’s not that bad with some goggles and gloves in a ventilated area
You gotta automate that black ball making if you are going to continue using that method.   Think you can automate it in less time than you can make enough?
There is this thing, it's called a paint color. 😀
You sir are a mad scientist
Why black and white marbles -- could consider black = NO marble and white = time.  You don't need to put black gaps in if you're doing it with this method.
Ivan you are my kind of crazy, I love these projects keep up the amazing work. Take care
Instead of replacing all the marbles why not just have a mechanism to reject the ones you don't need for the next digit. Then you could just supply the marbles for positions where the new digit needs a marble and eject the marble where you no longer need it. This would make it faster to create each digit.
Genius!
heat it and quinch in cooking oil it will turn black
I am sure this mechanism is not fast enough to update every second. But cool prototype
You should make them display both numbers and letters, and program it so you can have it say or do whatever you want. Like showing the weather, etc.
Why didn't you increase the speed of the marbles you needed black? And decrease it where they were needed but not after?
Why not shield the solenoids with a sheet of metal ?
Prototyping is fun
For 3 position solenoid I would think you could use spring return to center and then reverse polarity for the outer selections.
Crazy build! Fascinating to watch it! You should talk to Wintergatan with his incredible Mable machine x. 😮
why not up and down and only change the seconds?
Why not electroplate the marbles? Could be done pretty quickly/at large scale.
8:06 "That's not a process, that's a lifestyle choice" 😅
It looks like there are 5 positions in the array that never change color, 3 are black and 2 are white.  That brings you down to 10 changes to make per second instead of 15.  You could do this on your current setup with 2 columns instead of 3, routed appropriately.  Give you a half second to do each operation instead of a third, might be enough to get  you there!  Also reduces the amount of black marbles you need since 3 are just static.
I hope this is a clock tower in his city one day.
Oh I cannot wait to see this
Why not sort black and white at the bottom, and then pull a full row of alternating colors, or whatever makes the most sense based on color frequency, then push in the marbles you need at the top and recycle the rest back to the separate color bins?
just thought that you dont have to swap all the marbles every time? some will be the same colour after changing and wouldnt need to be swapped out at all.. great project! :-)
You can buy black carbon steel / brass / white ceramic ball bearings
I think you're adding too much complexity trying to choose between an "on" marble and an "off" marble by trying to select by color.  Since your filament color is already black, what about just using a silver marble as "on" and an empty space as "off"?  Instead of your 11 degree ramp with a lip, you gate the display.  Anything you want "on", drop a marble and have the gate hold it.  For "off", use the gate to eject a marble and don't release one to the gate.
Why don't you just dip them in black paint?
i'm curious, how you gonna sort the marbles, in the first place to set the single digits right now, at least it looks so to me, you can just release only full rows or lines so, in theory, they should be allready sorted in the chambers behind, right?  -edit- but, you could pre-set all 10 digits and let them return in a 1to1 order, so that after 0 the 15 balls for digits 1 are again the chambers i don't know just an idea :)
This is absolutely fascinating! I've loved this entire project. With the minutes and hours portions of the clock, it made sense to have a sorting mechanism and two colors of marbles, but for the seconds, based on your approach of layered numbers coming from the back, wouldn't it be easier to use one color of marble and create a repeating pattern of number shapes using the negative space as the "black" marbles?  That way, you don't need to incorporate sorting into the mechanism since they are all the same color and you could instead focus on the repeating sequence of numbers.
Saying "now please go and makesomething!" after each video is a big reason why some of my projects get finished. Thanks :)
Was not expecting another part to this saga, feeds my itch of creating not many other channels do. Keep it up!
Are you set on having every marble switch out every second? It's definitely more dramatic, but it does create more marble movement than necessary.. Tough call!
Somehow you remember me on then long way, what Martin Molman has already goes with they marble machine...
You don't need a selection multiplexer if you just store the marbles from the previous digits, as they always repeat from 0 to 9.
8:08 "That's not a process.  That's a lifestyle choice."  🤣
I can't believe you spent a week making black marbles. There were definitely better solutions to your problem xD
I wasn't sure before that you had any sanity left. Lack of sanity confirmed now, thanks!
Still, you’ve got a better ability to concieve and complete your projects than another marble goon
You could try blueing a batch by heating them in sand or salt to distribute the hea evenly
Why don't you represent black spots as no marble, you can simply chuck the marbles out of their slots with another sliding mechanism. Although if you have to dump all the marbles @keebler_137's optimization (not all marbles need to change for each digit) wouldn't work. After you get it working, I'd love to see how small you can make the final thing
Why did you not build all digits like this? It would be more compact
Never has someone earned a like more than this guy...
why not using wood marbles
I dont understand how it will select a row of white black and white.
Not every marble has to be replaced each time only the ones that make up the new digit so like a 2 and 3 the top and bottom row dont move just the middle
Of course, you don't have to change all the marbles each second. Some will be the same colour for the next digit.
I love lunatic makers and you are probably the king of them all... or if not then you're really really close to having the guys in white coats take you away.  AWSOME!
It's wintergatans marble machine all over again xD
Why you need the marbles to be two colours? Nice silver metal marbles on a black background. And the problem with the magnetic issues could prove to be a solution. How about just using electro magnets to control the metal marbles? Just thoughts inspired by you madness to mine. :)
I've seen a video of a guy making one lane marble machine for 2+ months. Doing these many lanes must take forever!
@NileRed shout out at 7:04, nice!
I would say you don't even need two colors, just use the chromed bearings and negative space to display each digit. That should significantly simplify the whole project since you don't need any sort of selection, just the ability to control each gate independently. Then again, this is exactly the type of thing where the whole point of it *is* the complexity, so that decision might be antithetical to the project itself.
ILove the project. It would like to see parts for this made from clear acrylic or sth transparent. We could see all channels at once, not only the top one.
You are totally mad! hahaha
I think you should take inspiration from agricultural industrialization and use a kicker to sort the black and white marbles;  Ps i think there's still value in the vertical marble clock and you could slowly dropt on a vertical axis the numbers.
You have lost your marbles!
As you showed in 2:40. You should build the whole thing! No sorting of Marbles every one again, only arrange it ones and "reuse" the Number again. All clocks doing that this way....
Could you pass the steel balls through a de magnetizer? Good luck my friend! Excited for the tea
Mark Robber eat your heart out too. This guy actually builds it. Not a fancy team sponsored by us.
I just had an idea, you could add one more lane to your existing machine design to represent 2 seconds and you just release a marble in that lane every 2 seconds. It'd be two seconds because there are 31 marbles in a lane. The lane would be emptied along with the minute marbles. You would also need to add a sensor to the feed portion of the seconds lane to reject additional marbles from the elevator when the level of marbles in the feed lane reaches the sensor.   You could easily test this on your current design by converting one of the existing lanes.  You would need to design a new mechanism that was capable of releasing one marble at a time.   If you add two extra lanes you can alternate adding a marble to each lane every second. It would be like a loading bar for a minute.
Estás loco hermano me encanta! Muchísimo laburo atrás de cada video 👏
Ivan: "Your comments or my crazy ideas, aren't taken lightly, on this channel" Comment section: One does not simply build a "Marble Machine"
only change the marbles that need to be changed, this is going to need less marbles after all. and you got 10 seconds for the 2nd number, 1 min for the 3rd number, 10 mins for the 4th number. should be easy to code ;)  if the color doesnt change simply dont drop a marble at all
oh this is a huge improvement! Love it! Much more compact form factor!
👏👏Wahoooo👍👍: O que pensas em apenas puxar os marvels que alteram a cor? No digito 1 para o 2, em vez de ter 15 marvels à espera, podes apenas ter 8 marvels a alterar de cor e o resto nao necessita de mudar de cor.
you should make a vertical one so you can change each digit individually
did you try the regular black and white marbles in the seconds machine?
Why not use only one color and make the black pixels not have anything in them? You would need a different system for blocking the marbles in the display but it could be done magnetizing a metal frame, and you wouldn't need all that complexity to select the color
Why don't you instead of painting some marbles black, you just select some places to not have marbles where normally a black marble would've gone?
God I love this
Fine-tune the speed? Have you tried once per second?
This is realy Cool but there are 3 marbels that never have to be Changed
Brother doesn't deserve 1, but a 1000 subscribes from each one of us, just by looking at his content and realizing the amount of hard work this guy takes for his one single video. No wonder he's my favorite YouTuber. <3
Why steel magnets? Why not glass?
if you have just one st of marbles in each position and they go only forward and backward? the front marbles will form a number and the backward will stay hidden on the shadow.
You sir, are an absolute mad man. Can't wait to see you make this work!
LOL! "That's not a process, that's a lifestyle choice!"
The first split gate you designed with the 3 positions could still be actuated with a servo super easily, and would be a little slower but use tons less power than solenoids. This does add the annoyance of calibrating center and 2 end positions for each channel though.    Or you could use a solenoid that is designed with a spring on both sides of the pnunger so it has 3 positions. Off -center. Positive voltage - pulls to left. Negative voltage, pulls to right. Control would be more complicated as you would need two independent relays or MOSFET switches acting as an H bridge, but its totally doable.
If you only intend to show digits, marble 3 in columns 1,3,5 and marble 2 in columns 2,4 never change, you could limit the solenoid movements to just 2 per row if you were to simplify this.
What a beautifully creative and insane way to solve this problem!   "It's not a process, it's a lifestyle choice!" I am stealing that!
Huattt is the sorcery. OH MY vintergarden eat your heart out
Wow, this is a big engineering work ! Congrats, can't wait to see the final result
Instead of placing a black marble, why not just leave the slot empty ?
You are crazy... and I love it!❤
Just got wintergatan flashbacks
If you use used motor oil, you only have to go through the heat/quench cycle once. They come out jet black from all the burnt carbon particles in the used oil. Been doing it for years.
now make one for every milliseconds! 💀
What if you just make a seperate feeder for the seconds that features a continuous loop of marbles....or if the marbles were magnets with black and white sides alinged with the poles then you could use electro magnets to switch the visible face by changing polarity....but that might be cheating 😂
The amount of effort man
if only half of the marbles would be magnetic, you could sort with magnets, which would definitely be fast
Ivan, let me give you a crazy idea... If the freaking 3d prints already are black, why the heck do you need the black balls? Use only the chrome ones! This way you could just use magnets, for example, and hold only the desired balls in the correct positions. 😉 Anyway, stay safe there with your family! 🖖😊
You could use no black balls. The print is all black, so the negative space fills in the “holes”. You’ve already built the selection mechanism, so instead of (A|B), it’s just (A|not A).  This way you don’t need to sort the balls after releasing them as they’re all the same.
9:19 you can add spring that will return selector to central position and add two solenoids on sides to select marble down side - more solenoids
You need 100ms decimal next.
I dont understand how you can actually select the marbles with that with each solenoid being bonded to 3 channels.  Doesn't that mean you are committing all three channels to the logic of just one?
ditch the black marbles altogether, just use ball and no ball to show time, saves you the trouble of loading them and selecting them seperately. this way you just need to worry about where to put a marble.
Next milliseconds?
Beautifully crazy.
idea: make an automated marble blueing machine. and use an induction heater instead of propane.
IDEA: For the vertical display idea. instead of having it drop, stop, and drop the marbles again to show and change the digit, why not make it a continuous scrolling display?  For example, you could construct a premade "loop" of marbles with the digits 0-9 already arranged. The digits could then just be continuously scrolled across the display to read the time.  The start of the second would be synced with the marbles as they align with the minute and hour display
Couldn't you soak the marbles in the cold blue to turn them black?
You could use the glass marbles if you push them from the back. Instead of a lip have a flexible tab or bump such that a small force is needed to push them. Have a queue of marbles for each digit that feeds from the side and then have an actuator at the back to push all 15 queues at once every second. It could be a solenoid or even just a cam.  Also you dont need a selector per "pixel". The combination of white/black marbles for each position and for each digit will always be the same. You could just have one "master" queue for all 15 "pixel" queues and then split it mechanically with flip flops or something. Feeding from the left where letters are columns and numbers are rows go C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 then back to the start. A single queue of 150 marbles then encodes all the "pixels" for all ten digits, meaning you only need one feeding/sorting mechanism.
Oh no Marbles gonna get start getting magnetic So you gonna neeed demagnetizer
Where are you implementing milliseconds?
Should have just rusted them to brown iron oxide and then just boiled them in water.
I am so excited for part 2.
How are you gonna go from 8 to 9, 9 has a open spot in bottom left where as 8 has all the outer edges filled. You can't push out all the marbles with the design you have now, because one will always be on the ledge.
You can buy aluminum balls. This would solve the magnet issue, and you could have them hard anodized in both clear and black for durability.
Ivan Maybe Im dumb but I Think you forgot the Sorting Part, I mean in the First solenoid Part can only chose vertical Lines or whole vertical row, and not Singular Marbles, and because of that its Impossible to place horizontal lines, that are incential for the Numbers of 023456789,... the construction of yours is now only able to Place the number 1,... hmmm🧐
I love your videos. One question though, would it not save time if you only swap the marbles needed to show a different number?
you are crazy and i love it
No entiendo como se puede elegir un bala independientamente. Me parece que o las columnas están conjunctas, o las filas.... What am I missing?
"That's not a process that's a lifestyle choice" lol
You could do silver marbles as one color and no marbles as the other, so you don’t have to do that long color process, the only problem is removing them
Are you going to build one that shows milliseconds?
There are rotating solenoids that do 3 positions. Small radio controlled cars use them for steering.
Love it though for double digit seconds you would need 2
Just work like e-ink displays, swap a black/white pixel.
I suppose one benefit of this design could be that you may only have to replace the marbles that change each second, rather than all 15!
How did you handle the heat dissipation on the solenoid? I have had issues keeping the solenoid mounted while actuated/latched in a powered state. The solenoid will get hot and melt or deform most pla/petg.
Hi Ivan, I am Angelo, Brazilian living in Toronto Canada. Just to say your content is just amazing and the way you put it out there is awesome, good job.  And I was feeling like to let you know if you need any sort of help on your project that you believe I could help you some how, just let me know.  Best regards   Angelo
There are 2 spaces that are always black, that should help with sorting.
I feel you need a way to hold a white or black marble and just rotate the correct spots.
But... having a sinlge soleoid for each row won't make it impossible to pick different colors for each horizontal position?  Also I am pretty sure that there has to be a spray paint that can prime chromed metal... even if you have to spray a ball twice to catch the entire surface it has to be faster that 11 cycles of oil quenching.
How will you select individual marble when you have one solenoid handling a row of selection gate at once, they all are connected with each other and I think will select same colour marble for the whole row.
You could have just installed a small magnetic shield instead of moving the solenoids further away.
Why not paint the marbles with a good spray paint? Print them a holder so they are not rolling around. Paint only from the top. Let dry. Rotate marbles. Paint more. Repeat.
I think you made a mistake in the selector, you choose a color for the entire row, but you should for a single chamber.
Wow! What you gotta do for the marble heat treating is 'hire' some interns! ;) Also, how much time do you spend chasing marbles around on the floor a day? Or do you just wait til the end of the day and sweep them all to the side and get them at once haha.
Can you take the chrome off with a tumbler? If you can then you would be able to use the blackening agent directly on the steel without all the heat cycles.
Do they not sell black steel ball bearings in the size you would need?
When is the marble clock world tour? Make sure your clock can play "tight music"
Why not cold blue the marbles, it would take less time and the outcome would be similar.
crazy beautiful)
The main issue I see with the matrix multiplexer approach is that you can only address one column at a time. Are you sure you'll be able to load all three columns, wait for the marbles to settle and release them within one second?
I love these videos, but please don't overwork yourself (even harder) and drive yourself (even more) crazy. Just spray paint the marbles or something, or use the glass marbles or some other type of black metal marble for the black. Anyway, looking forward to the millisecond version 😜(That's a joke, please don't do that.)
Finally, a marble machine project by a creator who actually listens to advice, instead of devouring self-help books!
I'm a tiny bit confused here, if every row is mechanically connected to a rod and a solenoid, so 3 in a row can only be white or black marbles if everything is released at once, so this system is forced to do one column at a time or same marbles in a row, or am i missing here something? Can it do 3 operations per second then?
This and the first marble clock are just amazing! Love these videos / series!
For making the balls black in batches, you could get a propane torch with a rosebud tip to heat a bunch of balls at once. You could also heat them in a wire basket so you can quench them at the same time like you're deep frying them.
you must have the patience of a Saint!!!!
Fun and crazy projekt!
Did I miss something or could he have just spraypainted the marbles?
Marbelous!
I don’t know why you tubers working with marbles is entertaining to watch. I’ve seen 2x now both dealing with inadvertent magnetization of marbles.   You should totally make a duly programmable 1-man band marble machine that interfaces with at least 5 instruments. I promise it’ll only take a few months and not 8 years 😅
A (large) induction heater could probably heat those marbles in a fraction of the time, and be configured to automatically feed and drop into the oil bath.
To considerably reduce the amount of required marbles, you could have the selector only put marbles that need to be changed, for example if you are changing from 8 to 9, you only need to swap out 1 of the 15 marbles.
I really like the part about the seconds. It's getting slower.
crazy but very cool, Have you considered a BBQ for the stainless marbles? You could do more than one at a time.
Just updating the necessary marbles/pixels would look more cool IMO
It looks so good 👍
Man, when this clock is finished, it needs to be on display somewhere for public viewing; it is fantastic.
6:18 I had a similar issue in a project and I found a solution for two problems at once. I used brass balls and ceramic balls. Both are not magnetic and they are different colors. Of course there are acrylic and glass marbles for toys but I am not sure if they have enough mass, plus may break.
to blacken the balls quicker you could get a relatively cheap furnace and heat up many of them at a time. Also if you removed the chrome coating you would only have to do one heat and dunk in oil cycle and they would be fully black (this is called hot bluing and is used very often in industry).
this channel is awesome!
Are you planning to swap the entire set of marbles every second or only the difference of the two digits?
Just buy black steel marbles out of the shelves, maybe? :D Or, pay someone to do it for you. Ez.
Should have just gotten a small forge with a crucible and heated/quenched them 500 at a time.
Here's a CHEAT idea.. for the seconds channels, why not use a closed loop method? As in, 0-9 are already in the right configuration within a closed-loop channel system so all you need to do is figure out how a selection gate can count lets say 5 marbles from 3 channels (left side of the digit, middle, right side of the digit) and arrange them correctly within a 'landing zone' ready to be released every second. Does that make sense?
cool
Wouldn't be easier to make the digits beforehand and just swapping the marbles each second and then putting them back already in their order so no selection of marbles is needed? Just the gate and a way to reorient the marbles back in the right order, maybe an elevator as the one in the clock but with independent slides for each channel so the marbles don't get scrambled.  If the main pretext of this is just making order out of chaos marbles. Nicely done lol. If in the second timer the goal is just efficiently show the seconds. I don't think this is the way.
My first solution would have been to just have a stack of 10 marbles in behind each cell of the digit. These could then just index round a closed loop so would remain in sequence.
Madness yes, a happy one. Thanks Ivan for picking up the happy/funny moments of it, and denying the hundreds of hours of carefull serious and tedious work to prepare them. Or maybe you're a goblin with special powers that you don't want to show. Ever thought adding a moving seat in there for you to show the moon phase 🙂?
Could you not just have gaps instead of black ones so you don't have to sort any? It might reduce the complexity a bit.
Surely you tried to make the kinetic energy based marble gate work with the old marbles as well? Because that sure as hell seems like a lot less effort :D   Best of luck with the project!
holy shit that's amazing !
I have a feeling that the number of black and silver marbles for each pixel will differ greatly, for instance top right needs silver for 1 2 3 5 6 7 8 9 0, while 2nd down left needs silver for 4 5 6 8 9 0, centre middle needs silver 2 3 4 5 6 8 9. The requirement of black or silver will be in a repeating pattern, once the pattern is set any further selection of marbles is redundant.
The fastest way to process marbles would be with electrical furnace oven. Get a local welder to make 8mm+ steel box, to hold like 50 marbles. With electrical furnace you can dile in consistant temperature, to reduce distortions and make the process more hands free.
Do you think you'll be able to add a few of those displays together? Maybe making the tracks on the back longer and curved, you could have a few displays. It would be pretty cool to display bigger numbers (i.e. your live subscriber count)
annealing oven would help with even constant heating and cooling, also now that you can select coulour at the row why not do only needed marble changes, and you also have 4 marble that never change now.
you could probably encode the marbles manually, since there's only 10 numbers to display, probably more reliable than solenoids tbh
I don't understand why you need to colour the marbles. Wouldn't it be easier if you just left spaces with no marbles for the digits? Also, that way, creating a number would take less time, as you wouln't need that many 15 marbles for each digit (13 marbles at most for the 8).
A few possible options for the different colors: 1. Find a heat treater in your area to batch anneal the balls. 2. Find a finish treatment supplier in your area to black oxide the balls. 2. Use different material balls for light/dark - there's probably a mix of tungsten, steel, brass, etc. that looks good.
You could reduce the solenoid/marble tracking noise a little between marbles by only sending the differences which can be done in software.
Some things I noticed: - The middle channel on the second and fourth level doesn't need a selector. You don't even need to cycle those two marbles. You could even reduce the marbles that have to be switched out to 7, if you did black stationary marbles on the outmost positions on level 1, 3, and 5. - The interconnectet selectors could lead to timing issues, since you basically need to do two selections per second, except when displaying 8.
I imagine an inductive heating coil would help simplify the marble treating process.
might have been able to force patina the marbles with soaking them in instant coffee
glorious madness!
If each of the 3 columns are controlled by one solenoid each then how will you prevent it from just giving you a full column of silver or a full column of black balls?  Unless each of the 5 'row' solenoids only open sequentially and the 'column' solenoids have to reset for each 'row' opening I can't see how that's possible.  But to do it that way, to change the whole display every second, each 'row' would have 200ms to set the 'column' solenoids and release the 3 balls so the 'column' solenoids can reset for the next row. Will the balls even roll through the gates in that time?   Or am I missing something?
So far I don't understand how you change between black/silver for a single space of the digit. It seems it always selects the color for a whole row, with the 5 solenoids on the side and then you always release awhole column with the ones at the 3 solenoids at the top. I think I'm missing something...
Your display state (the end of the track before they are pushed off by the next) marbles tend to oscillate when switching... could you place a very small indent in the track to make them stop more definitively?
By far the VERY BEST maker channel in all YouTube. This guy embodies the definition of insanity with joy and pride. Ivan eres un crack!!!
Ivan, I've played with clocks before, a note to think about, not all marbles need to change for each digit, example - to change from 8 to 9, you only need to swap 1 or two marbles on the lower left. The other marbles can remain in place
you might want to reach out to WinterGarten, he might be able to inform you about certain "Design requirements"
Well, that's a way of designing it...  Given you only have 10 patterns cycling in a loop (that's 1 sequence of 10 "chunks", really), you could pre-sort your marbles in the "feeder" and loop: for 6x6 patterns, that's 360 marbles in one line (logically 10 groups of 36), you just need to be able to count them in and run them in a tunnel that makes that "pattern a single line. Basically, you need a single stepper motor and all the marbles  in a predefined order  in a closed loop (with no space): 36 marbles display "0", the next 36 display "1", etc., and everything loops in 10 seconds. Theoretically, you shouldn't need a microcontroller, but the 2 euros of an ATMega8 will save you a lot of time when controlling the stepper motor with a couple of mosfets.  For colouring the marbles, the chrome is a coating over nickel, so you don't need to go the full way to muriatic acid, industrial vinegar (15% acetic acid) would do the trick in a week or so, but you may try a solution of hydrochloric acid too (not pure!), the stronger the acid the faster the result, but beware the heat and the projections (you already have the mask anyways).
Awesomeness! You can shield magnets simply with steel, and they do have three position solenoids. With the balls if you just went with cast iron on half you would have half the work of blackening them.
I am eagerly looking forward to seeing how the marbles are sorted. I'm sure you'll present us with a marbelous solution
Yo, this is crazy
First: This is bananas. Awesome. Second: Idea that comes to mind for me is that digits will always occur in the same order, in the same location, every time. As such, it almost feels like each digit should be a separate closed loop system that just runs the same marbles in the same order over and over again. The main problem (as with anything) is that I have no idea how to take that idea from theory to practice.
Cool design
Waiting avidly to see how you select the "colours". Every row will select the same colour for the whole row, so how do you do the white-black-white rows?
Since the order of the last second digit is completely predictable (0-9), why not use something like a mechanical programming wheel instead of electronics?
Quite the design! I was thinking you could get away with alternating colors in one row and only updating a pixel when needed. That way you wouldn’t need to do the whole digit. You would then just need to make sure you could refill in an alternating pattern from the back. If you could control the updates predictably and drop down vertically, then that could be the queue for reloading once the marbles made it to the back.
I don't even think the selection mechanism is fast enough. It takes 4 vertical turns (1 opening for each column and 1 closing for all if you optimize) and 2 horizontal (3 for selecting the marble on each line but one can be optimized with the closing). That is 6 turns (I call a turn the time it takes to activate a component), 1 must therefor not be more than a sixth of a second (that 0.16 seconds). I know it's fast but is it this fast having to wait for the previous marbles to print before starting the selection again on top of that.
I'm sure you thought of this but with your design it will be unnecessary to send all 15 balls each second.  Just send the changed "pixles"
Seems unlikely that you'd be able to multiplex the marbles fast enough to achieve the once per second update. Other than that, very interesting.
Process for producing black marbles...  Sounds like a perfect job for an unpaid intern (or 4).
Thanks!
You have the most awesome form of mental illness the world has ever known.
Martin has left the chat :)
I might of missed it, but why won’t colored glass marbles work?
I'd think the "old" clock would make for a great screensaver, if its reliable enough to run for 24 hrs.
I feel like there's a major bug here: the five channels that run horizontally that choose white or black mean that you can't have a row that has white AND black. Meaning how do you do an eight or any other digit which is not the same colour across...
Because you're pushing out from the back rather than sliding in a whole row at a time, you don't need to replace every marble every time - only the marbles where the colour needs to change.  So you could have a short stack of alternating colours behind each marble/display pixel - ●○●○●○●○  And just pop out the pixels that need to change with their next successor:  So for     5         to become       6 ●●●                              ●●● ●○○                              ●○○ ●●●                              ●●● ○○●                              ●○● ●●●                              ●●●  You'd only be popping out one marble. Less movement, less effort to keep the hopper full, but more electronic effort to get a solenoid for each pixel.
IVAN WHY
This design would allow for some optimization; only change the individual ball if it changes colour. e.g. from 1 > 2, some of the 'white' balls could stay in place, same goes for the 'black' balls.
I would buy your clocks just to annoy my loud neighbors
🥲**sniffle** so you DID listen to what I said...
hell yeah! this is so cool, and inspired me to start actually making projects too :3
So Rad!..🤙🏻
Poor floor
Why do you need the black marbles? The machine is black, just use silver marbles - you then just need to stop silver marbles from entering where you want black.
Not sure why you need to replace all marbles if you want to change a digit... To go from 2 to 3, e.g., you only need to change  marbles, no? This would save a lot on marbles, selection between black and white, producing black marbles as well as noise... Back to the drawing board...!! ;-)
Idea for a future video "marble wristwatch"
Heat resistant paint, nicely baked in oven, is pretty nice and resistant (in my experience).
But what about 10ths of seconds?
The amount of self inflicted torture in this project is marbelous. Bloody brilliant.
tbh at that point its be better to have whtie/black marcles repalce what the alst marble was if its sdifferant
you could technically electrocode them. but heating them to different color would make nice multicolor display
You don't have to replace the 2nd and 4th marbles in the middle column. They're always black. In fact you, you don't have to replace every marble every time. If you made it so that you only replace marbles when they need to change color, you'll probably significantly save on the number marbles in circulation or in need.
Ivan. A lot of the machine's bottlenecking and complexity comes from the need to sort marbles to form a number, before it throws out all the effort it just took sorting them, and scrambles the marbles together after displaying the number. Why not just have 4 reels of pre-assembled numbers? The machine would be exponentially simpler with some sort of reel of pre-sorted, ready to drop in marbles.  A clock displays digits in predictable patterns (0-2 for first hour slot, 0-9 for second hour slot, 0-5 for first minute slot, and 0-9 for second minute slot), so it's comparatively trivial to set this up and program it so that the marbles are ready to cycle as soon as each second passes. Infact, some flip clocks are programmed this exact way. You may even be able to create a circuit for this that doesn't use arduino or similar - just basic clocks, microcontrollers, etc, and of course, your solenoids :)
With the back-to-front design, you don't have to replace the entire digit matrix each time; you can set up and replace the marbles only for the delta, which hopefully will save you some set up time and also you won't need to recycle that many marbles.
Subscribed!
you can get white ceramic bearing balls
How about a video about a black marble automation.
What about a continious circle where you once "load" the marbles and then only let it continiously rotate? Just like a hamster wheel filled with marbles and a straight section on one side to show the number.
Wouldn’t it be possible to just have missing marbles instead of black ones?
WHEN YOU SEE IT
The madness!!!! Love it.
Ivan you are a crazy, wonderful genius. Thank you for losing your marbles for us, amazing videos every time!
Could you try using clear 3D printing material? At least for debugging?
i think it would be faster if you made a machine to automaticaly color the marbles black :D imagine just an asembly line to make black marbles
In the grid of 3 x 5 marbles you don't have to swap all of the all the time cause eg. in 8 the two black marbles will always be black no matter which digit the clock will show...
Anyone else getting Wintergatan vibes? LOL
Good to see, that this design is already much better then the old one. Interesting to see how far you can take it...  Milliseconds?
You missed an opportunity to have an entire sub series on the automated machine to season steel marbles
☝🛠🌡️👍
I have no idea about some of the color options you mentioned. I think Iwould have tried like a Rustoleum metal spray paint. But I have no idea wherher rhat would work
2 suggestions: You can make the system so that you only change the part of the digit that changes between number eg: 5 to 6 only needs the A4 spot changed You don't need the B2 or B4 sections because no digit needs those spots
Now do milliseconds coward
Looks like I'm looking at a Redstone computer.
Why insist on having the black marbles? They serve nothing.  Isn't this project painful enough?
Thanks!
Inb4 this thing gets significantly larger than it already is SoonerLater
ROFL.  I'm cracking up listening to this.
Supongo que un anodizado acaba desconchando pero... ¿Has considerado la opción de electroplatear las bolas? Cualquier joyero te lo hace por poco dinero
With this series I am getting some serious MMX flashbacks. Please don't go crazy Ivan...
Awesome work! I'm not sure if the mechanical multiplexer will be able to handle the selection fast enough to update every second, but I'm curious to see what comes out of it!
feels weird to watch a marble machine on a Thursday...
*Marten has entered the chat.*
I feel like the black marbles would look way better with a matte black powder coat and it would be very easy to do
que maravilla
Amazing work!
wouldn't this marble selector still not work tho, if you need it to update every second i dont think you can change the solenoids and have the marbles roll forward fast enough, especially with all the colour selectors and colum openners connected the way they are
Why aren't all the numbers the same height on the main clock? The 1 is two marbles shorter than an 8, for example.
Have you considered doing the Second digits as a belt of 10 or 6 digits? Then you would not need to do any sorting. But just advance the Belt by 5 marbles to display the next digits
You might be able to mass produce black marbles with a furnace to heat the ball bearings red hot in batches, that way you don't have to manually heat one bearing at a time I forget the exact type of furnace it was for this application, but hopefully this helped
You could try using carbon steel ball bearings for the black ones. They are way easier to blue and cheaper. Usually they are already darker than the stainless ones. The carbon steel could even be darkened w/ a mild acid etch and coffee. Just remove all oils in an alcohol bath and put them in some really really strong coffee and "cook" them till they get dark enough. Cheaper and you can do it in batches.
The level of dedication to this project has moved from "awesome" to "crazy" 😂
Is it just me or is the multiplexer kind of pointless? It saves on a solenoid or two but otherwise just having 9 solenoids for choosing, and one for releasing, seems like enough for me. Also, why even have black marbles? Just give some marbles a bit more momentum so they also jump through and that's it. And that way, instead of a selector, all you need are some fins down the channels to stop some marbles farther back.
You problably need to optimize the geometry of the final ramps
This is really great. Good luck with the next steps!
Being a Wintergatan long time follower I can only expect huge reliability issues and a lack of flexibility with that marble mechanism 😅  I wish you the best of luck tho and so happy to see the birth of another marble geek 😉
You can leave empty spaces where there should be blacks marbles since every slot is individual. that would have been easier
To paraphrase Drowning Pool... LET THE MARBLES HIT THE         FLOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRR!!!!
Couldn't you have bought a little furnace for the money of the gas you were using? + That would have sped up massively...
You're a maniac, mate.  Love it.  Idea:  since you are now using steel balls, could you use the electromagnets directly? In other words, dispense with the actuator rod and spring on the solenoids and just use the magnet directly as a stop/release mechanism for the balls.  Magnet on - ball stops and is held in place; magnet off - ball is released.  Cheers from Geoff in France.
It so crazy the extent that Ivan goes to impress. Look forward to seeing this in its finished form.
17:12 I know how this ends. Until today I have not seen you NOT finishing a project for which you showed at least the starting part. We are ready for few hickups that you will eventually fix
Crazy but ingenious, incredibly
Awesome. Your funny.
Yet you didn't heed my suggestion to just....keep the rows that are identical between times.
Great work as always. What about magnetic balls. One side silver, one side black. And behind  every ball is a coil. Controlled by an h-bridge. So the ball can spin to the right color. So you can show tenth of a second.... lol. Furure project?
This is so awesome! Just so you know, you can just keep both right corners filled with the highlight colour and the second and fourth center column tiles filled with the contrast colour, depending on the design :)
In the end he’s gonna go for marbles half black, half white, and rotate them depending on the digit needed…
Use two vertical columns of numbers with all numbers visible in both columns from 0 to 9, with 0 at the bottom and 9 at the top. Each second, drop the bottom digit and reconstruct it on the top. The current second would be read at the bottom. This will give nearly one second of viewing time between digits.
This project is starting to hurt my brain as much as it hurts your ears.
just find a blacksmith and he can make murbles for u
With this system you only need to update the marble if the color changes. That way the marble selection process is even faster! Also, you could just have two marbles per "pixel" and swap them. idk if thats against the spirit of the idea but... it'd be less noisy and definitely faster 😂
You can't create numbers with this solution. You need to be able to select the color separately for each marble. Right now you can only make rows of the same color, as the color selectors are all connected per row.
The absolute madman!
This is Rube Goldberg engineering at it's finnest
I believe now that marble machine insanity is an actual disease/curse.  Big respect for the effort though Ivan
What if only the marvels that do not match with the new number are changed?
I think it's time to get somebody to help you, It's getting nuts there.
Are you loosing your marbles yet?
should use blue that they use on weapons to
I know you have 15 channels, but 3 are always white, and 2 are always black.  Could you have left those?  Also, why use black marbles?  As the background is dark, could you have used marble or no marble?
i'm sorry Ivan, now you NEED to ship a clock to Jupiter. I don't make the rule, you played yourself....
Ivan, I love your channel, keep up the good work.
wouldn't each row be the same color with this design? or does it hit in 3 quick bursts
I think I have called you a mad scientist in the past because your projects are so awesome, but if you keep doing projects like this you might just go Mad.
How about having each pixel be backed by an alternating series of black and white marbles, and only toggling the marbles which are wrong? Or even filling the channels stochastically and then pointing a camera at the display and constantly updating the pixels that are incorrect from the current target image? That would also let you eventually do other cool stuff, like playing simple video (Bad Apple, anyone?)
Since you can choose which marbles to use, maybe this time you can only replace the marbles that you need? so no need to replace all 15 marbles every time, only the ones that change.
On the coloring of the marbles… there are plenty of options (chemical and not) but… this require too much to explain… an experienced Material Scientist/Engineer will be able to explain you quickly in person or video call. Good luck and give a shout if you need any further info.
Did you think about not using Black marbels at all. Just use the Silber marbles and not empty slots for Black? Maybe with an Additional Release gate instead of the bump at the end of the "Display"?
OK. That's enough of this clock! Make a marble millisecond timer.
instead of triggering each column independently you could put all gates to left side, and trigger all white columns at once, than move all gates to the right side and trigger all black marbles at once. I think this way you could improve the marble picking speed by 1/3
You definitely should have built a machine for autonomous blackening the metallic marbles and make a video only about that 😂
There is an easy way to count seconds. Just have a seperate line that fills with 60 marbles, one each second, and drops them all after a minute.
Miliseconds?
try salt gunblueing the marbles
I mean its always the same number that comes after the other, if you feed that number back.. ones: 0-9 and tens are 1-5, that way no sorting is required, the questing is getting them out without obscuring the view
absolute mad lad
Hi there! I love the idea of changing to (basically) a 7 segment display. I love the use of a mechanical multiplexor for this.  Best of luck!
Bro this is crazy, you're videos are so hight quality and entertaining! Keep up the great work! ❤
Forbidden boba
Of course I want to see "how this ends" ... like a house cat watching a mouse ...
I absolutely love his enthusiasm
I had some doubts before but now I'm pretty sure you are crazy
What if you only changed the marbles that needed to be changed from one number to the next?  For example, to go from 8 to 9, you would only need to change 2 white to black, and then to go from 9 to 0 you would need 2 black to white, and 1 white to black.  It would look like each number is bursting out of the one before it, and require fewer marbles.
8:15 why not just buy black marbles at that point?
I admire you dedication and perseverance, Ivan. You are inspirational, sir.
The digits always follow the same predictable pattern 0 -> 1 -> 2 -> ... -> 8 -> 9 Is it possible to design a queuing system that never mixes the marbles, and all you need is a conveyor of 150 marbles in a prearranged order? Not quite sure this would be a simpler system
I had to leave a like and a comment to hopefully ease your suffering
Notice that there is some space on your display that are always of the same colour due to the fact that you are displaying only digit
Wonder if Ivan will realises that you don't need to update each marble channel when cycling through the digits.
@ivanmirandawastaken You don't need to replace all of the marbles each secondt. First of all leading digits in two symbol numbers can stay for 9 seconds. And to change a single digit, You only need to replace so many marbles. Some bright/dark ones can remain. That would reduce amount of marbles that have to be in the loop if it's an issue. 2nd idea - if there are stainless (or other non-magnetic) materials You could use them as 2nd colour and make distinguishing them simpler.
Technically you just need to replace the marbles that are the wrong color for next digit...
how are you going to select different color, while selecting rows and lines in bulk? for example in the first line, number 1 needs white-white-black. the current setup needs 2 rounds for completing this task, which means that you have to do the selection at least 2 times in 1 second.... or those solenoids have to work every half second and I don't know if this is enough time for the balls to slide. anyway, I'll wait for the final result.
Crazy! When finished you should sell the clock to a giant shopping mall :)
So -- you set each row to be the color for a single column and then release a whole column at once, right?  So if you want to make the digit 5, you would set up (from the top down) Column 1 = WWWBW, Column 2 = WBWBW, Column 3 = WBWWW, right?  Clever.  If you are just doing digits though, your column 2, rows 2 and 4, never change.
Here I thought the seconds on a regular wall clock were annoyingly loud.
Blown away!
to save time... simply keep the marble number sets, and loop them round somehow, maintaining their order, no need to sort, just slide into place , which slides the old numbers out of place... maybe a solenoid pusher system?
Para calentar las bolsas en vez de usar la antorcha podrías hacerlo por inducción electromagnética, es mucho más rápido y usa electricidad en vez de gas. En AliExpress hay muchos kits para construirlo tu mismo y son baratos y con mucha potencia, seguramente podrías calentar varias a la vez.
how do you design such great stuff so fast? amazing! qintergatan must be proud of you
Try 7-segment led displays. Less mechanical error, less noise. And there is an option for milliseconds 😜
'Sometimes it's too late to find out of its a bad idea or not.' -profound yet insane.
You shouldn't need all 15 marbles to make all the numbers. You should only need 13 and can keep 2 always black or not there at all.
You are inspiration
I liked your first design of marble selection. the “rotating”/“swing” one. Because you are using latching solenoids i suppose you can have a strong double spring to “keep”/force the selector to be always in the center, and when you want left or right, you can simply power the solenoid the correct polarity. After action, the spring then brings the gate back to center position. Much simpler solution I think. Just food for thoughts. 😉
Happy to wake up right as your posted this. Good start to my day, knowing my clock is nowhere near as annoying to operate 😂 love these videos man, I enjoy your pain for our entertainment
nice ! maybe you don't need to change all the marbles to update the digit, only those with color change need to be replace by a new one
Lol i usually watch youtube on 1.25 or 1.5x, but youre the only person i need to slow it back down to normal for. Thanks for talking quick 🥰
SOMBODY STOP HIM.   or else soon he will do marble atom bomb where atoms are marbles and miliseconds at the same time
Instead of using two colors of marbles, why not use just silver marbles but have marbles present in locations that are part of the digit, and absent where a location is not part of the digit?
why not only updating the changing marbles?
You don't need the black marbles... only change the silver (visible) parts of the array(?)
you could blue the steel with gun bluing solution
White marbles: metal Black marbles: marble Sort using magnets
This is really impressive. It would be IMEASUREABLY more impressive if you didn't use the black marbles.  DO YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE?
sharpie?
Cool! Why not improve it by replacing only the changing marbles. The input could be alternating black/white marbles for each of the 13 channels (you have 2 channels that are always black). When something is changing, the marble is released, else it's not. You could then have a feeder that could work, as it would sometimes be very efficient (from 5 to 6, only 1 marble is changed), the feeder would input a positive net number of marbles during that time and would compensate the more requireing changes (7 marbles to use when changing from 0 to 1).  Is it crazy? YES!
I suspect its going to prove problematic that you're still relying on gravity to push the marbles. Have you considered using solenoids to push them through the gates at higher speed?  Also, it would be cool to see this done at an even smaller scale using ball bearings...
Can't wait to hear what this sounds like when you ramp it up :D It's going to be mad.  One kinda obvious speed improvement would be if you could switch every selector independently... but that'd require a mad amount of solenoids. Cool project. Can't  wait for the conclusion :D
That mechanical multiplexer is amazing, I’ve considered something similar for a flip dot style display but if you don’t have a way to refresh it like you’re doing with the marble drop ramp, it’s slow. I can’t wait to see 6 of these for a full clock display and 1000 more blackened ball bearings 😂
I wonder if the solenoid selection method could reach sub second speeds. I don't know if it would make the design more boring but could the digits be already assembled correctly in the channels so you could just rotate them (0->1->2...9)? Of course the "release->capture in correct order" phase could be nightmare.
you forgot to add "part 1" in title
Yessssss! This is epic!
The only rational response to "Seconds or no balls" and the corresponding slow descent into madness. Great vid Ivan!
How tf is your voice so soothing.
👍
Excellent content, but why heat the steel marbles individually instead all at once, also why eject all the marbles instead of only those that would change in the display sequence? Thank you for the great work?
You are a crazy man!! I loved it!! Thank you so much for your content and the crazy ideas for making something from scratch. I am surprised by the ability to create a clock super-loud jajajajaja
Why not black metal oxide?
this needs to be in a train station somewhere
💯💯💯
I feel there is a strong correlation between marble projects and madness. Based on a sample size of 2 youtubers I love...
excellent video series.
Ivan. Why not find someone with an abrasive tumbler to polish off the chrome? Then cold bluing will work. Since they could be tumbled in bulk, it'll save you a lot of time.
This is the most inspiring engineering video I've seen in a while. It's cool to see you have so much fun overengineering living hell out of your clock!
How about only changing the marbles that need changing rather than the entire array?
you can turn stainless steel black by heating it
"That's a lifestyle choice" 😂
En el minuto 17 cuando pensaba que ya lo tenía casi todo hecho me he dado cuenta de que tenía que hacer otro entero igual por qué son dos dígitos 😅
instead of black marbles you could try copper plating them and then oxidizing the copper layet
Wintergatan would be proud of you
This is going to be incredible when it's done!
I'm getting some Wintergatan PTSD. 🤣
Ok but now I’m like: why not make the whole clock like this
Wizard
sooooo, the bluing is the correct thing to do? but hot bluing is a nightmare. you should legitimately have used some weak acid, muriatic acid is a commonly purchaseable one used for pool water treatment, and then you could cold blue that metal directly without heating.  If you absolutely wanted to hot blue this many ball bearing/marbles, the correct way to do it is: put the entire metal tin of them into the furnace to heat them up as a whole unit, and then dump them out into the oil at the end.
would not a induction heater make them glow red in a few seconds? i mean the car mechanics use them all the time to heat bults red hot.
um... its actually really easy to get them all the same color with heat. you put them in the oven.
ついに秒数かぁワクワクする
it might be easier to powder coat the marbels
Legend has it that he actually had a southern accent before he started his channel.
16th
For the marble return, instead of the spiral, a clear pipe going from the top to the bottom would looks sick and might help with volume.  It would also look industrialized lol
Due to the “slide” being too loud, you could replace it with a plastic bendable hose from the top to the bottom. That will give a cooler look and you get to see the marbles race down.
Let's goooo!!
how can we make the marble clock even louder? ah yes, electromagnetic solenoids and metal balls lol
Imagine having this as an alarm clock 😂 you would never even fall asleep
5th
This is insane. I have complete confidence you'll be able to pull it off, but it's still absolutely bonkers.
Oh boy, gonna be losing my marbles
first :)
This is so cool also love you're videos
First!
