Those little Alex Jones edits, my God I love this
Absolute Cinema ✋🤚
Has rpm never driven in that car before😂
This video hits different now
Came back here after Horner's sackiing
C'mon now.  Wakey Wakey!  Theres N00ZE old son!
And now the horndog is gone
Weird how this popped up today
Looks like we need an update now RPM! 👀
who's here when the f1 movies is actually releasing?
“It’s tremendously disappointing when a competitor accuses you of cheating…” no lies detected here Christian you naughty boy
Max whatstappin
Bumlicker is an elite level insult
You’re so funny! 🤓
Brazilians and death threats is a trend I see in every sport.
On face value this guy is offending everyone. When you look closer though he actually has a lot of respect for the 19 drivers.
I think He meant that teds Wife is cheating on him when he comes Home (normal way) raped would be the Thing he Does Not meant
Did you ever get your £20
RPM is a goddam genius.  I had lost interest in F1 until I had the good fortune to stumble onto his commentry. The man, the legend, has the precise balance of knowledge, insight and humour to be the saviour of the money grabbing shit show that is F1. RPM is the GOAT.
Verstappen & Alsono are the only drivers with a set of heavy balls, and I salute them! 🫡
F1 Social Media makes a lunatic asylum look like a sensible debating chamber. 🤪
Bro.   Rpm making like 500k/month on patreon is the craziest thing ive heard in a minute...but im glad maniacs can make a killing in this almost-Kamala-led world.
1:02 Thats rich coming from you mr horn dog you accuse everyone of cheating 😭
Calling jack a type c driver, calling Perez is not a good driver because he is not European, being raci$ts, sexuallly harassing a woman colleague, driving like a maniac and calling it hard racing what else do you expect from a raci$t team? ... Now he wants respect from other teams... He is that politician now a days who also wants to be respected..
Nascar needs a channel like this guy
Of course mercedes is sponsored by ftx. People tend to abbreviate them as merc, but I shorten them to merde
Only thing shocking here is the btc price just two years ago
shut up
It's been a year...... and I still watch um......😊
And then poewsamiltom only won a race again six years later 😊
Hilarious! 🤣🤣🤣
part 2 soon?
Watching this at Bitcoin ATH
11:38 gay frogs?
well well well
Whats a facts machine?
Quality
Can you do live commentary of the F1 ??? id rather watch you than sky sports, do some lives mate please Orr dont do lives record your comentary I wont watch the F1 live ill wait for your edited commentary every week
You need to present the F1 mate just pure gold
2:50 If he would've known that 3 years later people still talk about it.
I cant stop watching this bull poo this is mental
Bro im an aston fan and i saw that shirt and it looked familiar and i had a fucking redbull shirt for a whole year in my wardrobe and i had no clue???
Hey Christian, STFU and “change your f$&@ing car!!” 😂😂😂
My new favorite channel on YT
The first comment in the post that you mentioned has a lewis Hamilton pfp
In fairness the comparison between F1 and Bitcoin was a lot more accurate than I thought it could be
Please please please do a Podcast. You'd make a killing
10:44 .... Viaplay is Swedish, not Dutch.
9:26 "You guys don't ask that to me again" They aren't asking, they are telling you!
as of 2024, christian indeed really does care abt the kids iyk what i mean
I loved Massi for that finale. Now we're in a situation where LH needs to win a Ferrari championship to get spot #1 in overall championships won. If he manages to win a championship with that team despite his future team mate putting it into the wall all the time, he actually deserves top spot.
Just started watching your vids, soz, late to the shit show / party.  You sir are a genius, this is the best viewing since the Anthony farrar time piece Ponzi scheme debacle (if you know you know).
Nearly 3 years on and still talking about Abu Dhabi 2021
Am I ready for the comment section? I came here for that shit I was born ready
Seriously at this point I want lando to fu.. Verstapan for the champions
Llq
Remember that the Max machine was built by Jos the Boss, so the nuclear option is always a threat. Max proved to Lando that he's a mushroom cloud looking for a place to happen.
An all of this before the horndog files dropped.
As a fellow Yorkshireman, I would love to have an afternoon on the ale with you just see the levels of righteous fury we could reach
I heard he likes them young.
D 📸 Horner has some front his a total knob.
I would have left f1 without this man🙌
Surely what happened in Abu Dhabi with Sassy Masi would make a better movie than it ending behind the safety car. Kravitz is a nob.
I wish F1 would pay this man to become their broadcaster
"oh you little bastard, it's not long enough" aaaaaaand that's what she really said 😂
The Bitcoin meme aged well😂
I can't. I am the biggest max fan but I can't be put in the shaggers 😭. Teamlh and VERSTAPPENshaggers are so delusional
Absolutely brilliant analysis. Not just the best review of F1 but the best review in sports. A masterpiece!
One video from RPM is more entertaining than the enTYRE F1 soap opera.
øæløæløpløpl
If this new movie is about pewis Hamilton I will swear to never watch it.
Fax machine ... do you live in 1985?
Funny that, rewatching this after seeing checos onboard from that Monaco crash where telemetrics show he stepped on his gas mid corner and then did no steering whatsoever to correct the slide. Max was definitly right and the "conspiracy" like so many others turned out to be the truth.
Getting bullied because your dad works at redbull is world class
Wait, so do we get to find out what the truth was (what the convo was that Max was referencing)?
"It's almost been a year and we're still talking about Abu Dhabi 2021" Boy do I have news for you, past RPM
Brilliant. Thanks for a good laugh!
Love the definition of robbed
Karen Horner kinda bangs tbh
Horner is a monster, the staffer he bullied was fired, what does that tell you.
Horndog
Watching in 2024 this title has a whole new context
kids getting bullied? how does that relate?
It’s now more than 2 years and we’re still talking about ad21😂
I believe it all.
Dude your scripts are so next level. Absolutely hilarious 😂
imagine if rpm drove a top down car around the city and had an aneurysm about f1, it would be a safety hazard but it would be fuhnn
#bringbackmasi
Who would have thought that two Seasons later this thumbnail and title for this video I'm all relevant than ever. 😂
Can't wait for part 3 of this video because of the recent allegations
Sequel to this is going to be a banger.
Must hurt that Max is the best driver atm, i get it. And he will be the best driver for years, so y'all might as well get used to it. Hate him, and blast him, he doesnt care and will only drive faster 😉👍.
when part 2
9:29 I truly believe Jos was threatening Max for this or else leaving him in the gas station again
He left his then-pregnant wife for Geri.
As a Dutch Verstappen fan. I would recommend not listening to Viaplay OR De Telegraaf
someone on reddit said-  Verstappen doesn't need a reason to not help Perez. Whatever his "reason" is, it is just a media stunt.  Verstappen is one of the most talented, if not the most talented F1 driver we've ever seen. He dictates everything. He is wanted by every team. He has earned the right to do whatever he wants in such situations, by being extremely fast. Cause that's what F1 drivers are fundamentally required to be. Fast.  It is true that Perez has helped Verstappen achieve greatness since becoming his teammate. What most people don't seem to understand is that Perez NEEDS to help Verstappen, in order to maintain his position in Red Bull / F1. He is not doing because he has a big heart. He is doing it because he has proven to be an inferior driver, and therefore needs to do stuff like that to be valuable to the team.  F1 is not a team sport. Drivers' championship is the top goal, followed by the Team's championship. If it were a team sport, it would be the other way around. But it's not. There are also no equal rights for drivers. Drivers earn their rights by being fast. There is no deal between drivers dictating that if I help you now you will help me later etc. Their relationship is based on their comparative performance. If one is much more valuable to the team than the other, he can act accordingly. Disobey team orders, not return favors on track, etc, because his speed and value to the team and F1 has earned him the right to do so. Max has earned that. Perez hasn't, because simply, he's just not fast enough, and thus replaceable.  This has been the case since the birth of F1. There have been countless examples over the years where the No.1 driver of a team has taken advantage of his status on a team and stomped on his teammate, even by disregarding clear team orders (eg. Vettel v Webber, Multi 21, 2013 Malaysia). The reason this case is stupidly making news is two-fold:  a) Both championships have been decided and media will try to find anything to keep the fans interest up.  b) Our society has become so brainwashed with the idea of equal rights, to the point that it extends to everything, including our beloved F1. But there are no equal rights F1. F1 is ruled by the law of the jungle. And Max is a lion.
Dont you have a faxmachine? Eeeuh a fax what?
“De Telegraaf” is not trustable. Fuck de Telegraaf they post wrong items in their newspapers on Dutch items..
12:00 "kwalificatie" for qualifying the the most abysmal thing ive ever read
Susan robbed fr
You did it again! And i liked it! Oh my F word!
sergio didnt just admit it, he did and said sorry after they confronted him with the data, wich showed he gave twice as much gas exiting that corner as any other driver would do on any lap.
I am convinced the FIA are purposely instigating global 'race baiting', with the continuing Hamilton, verses Max saga. The Black and White divide. I believe it happened before in history.
Horner is the most despised person in F1. The guy is a hypocritical bell end
11:34 in all fairness, a quick look at the telemetry of the crash does show a suspiciously quick blip of throttle during the Checo crash. No F1 driver would be that much of a rookie to do that. Not even Checo
i will say, before i knew anything about the dutch media, if you watch the recording of sergios crash in monaco, its almost hilariously suspicious. he literally gives the throttle a stomp for no reason mid corner with no attempt of smoothly exitting. he also makes zero effort to counter steer.   i'm not saying he did it on purpose, but i'm saying he did it on purpose
I LOVE Max for this, he had every right, he's the boss and perez Is the barely good enough beta
I'm still Ted OUT. He's a tool, an embarrassing tool.
Max would have passed Perez anyway, whether Perez "let" him or not. Also it's almost 2 years now, and "they" are still crying about it.
Goated content
Demanded the fia launch an investigation into why everyone hates him   One of my favorite lines right behind the window licking asshole
Idk why I watched this again but Ted is an absolute legend...
Don't worry, even Dutch people don't like Viaplay. Dutch media also said that Hamilton meant to kill Max in the cops crash...... just why would you bother to post that
3:17. Mmmm I all of a sudden realized I don't care about that movie anymore
Newsflash for Horner : " Every now and then................people actually do cheat.........they just DON`T admit that they did ".................🤔 Cheating in Formula 1 has happened many many times...........there`s been a lot of scandals.....so it`s definitely possible that Red Bull actually did cheat. But like all other Teams, accused of cheating, they`d rather play dumb or get offended and attack back........which only makes them look more guilty...........🤔
''His Words''
Haha yeah, as a Dutchie and huge Verstappen fan I was looking towards the “shaggers” with amusement. Thinking just relax, we’ve won the championship so we can always take the high ground.
I love F1, and SOMEHOW I just found RPM! Thus guy is pure GOLD!! 🤣🤣 best and most honest F1 Commentary out there!! I'm watching the entire library!!  Love it! Keep it up!! 👏😎
11:26 didn’t the throttle trace show the crash was odd that lap?
fat brown is so funny
The CIA has seriously infiltrated F1.  I mean… hats off to them, that’s risky. McLaren got fined 100mm & that was just for spying on one team. Imagine the fines for compromising the entire league…
Wow, this is just absolute trash. 0/10
Hamilton wasn't robbed and Mercedes should just shut up about it already
turns out perez actually did crash at monaco on purpose lmao! telemetry from his car shows him light up the rears with open throttle
And you call LH fans unhinged lol
'It's 2022, ever heard of a fax machine.' That killed me
🤐
The British banter makes F1 100% I get it now.
How the bloody hell has this video not been banned yet you can't fly a latifhansa balloon into a building??? 😂😂😂
Imagine being a fan of an auto company.
But why does Karen Horner look like Leon Kennedy from Resident evil
You're right.  We cannot believe anything a Dutch journalist says about Max because they're Dutch, and are biased towards him..  And we cannot believe anything Kravitz or anybody else at Sky Sports says about Max because they're _Britt_ _Ish_ and are consumed by hatred for him.  Guess I'll have to go on making up my own mind about things...
lol  I pay 10 euro per month for f1  and can see it all. viaplay also givers you free movies , series and other sports like football , golf, darts ufc
Christian’s attempt at playing the mental health card will never not be funny
your the most based muthafuka on F1 shit on YT orsom
6:40 That's it..that's quite normal compared to stuff teamLH come up with! 😂
"maybe Christian Horner shot JFK" EVERY TIME i think this man cannot get any funnier😂 I'm gloriously proven wrong
"is anyone mentally ill enough to understand what that means"😂 CHRIST THIS MAN is a International Treasure
Hilarious as always..... genunitly going to watch the orginal SuBo Audtion now. 🤣
Christian: blathering Zak: 😐😑😐😑😐
Forget Oppenheimer, forgot Barbie. This! This, is content.
11:33 Piles Of Manipulative lying crap
👁
My god the symmetry is incredible 😂😂😂
It’s the second round for me watching all his videos 😂 … I can’t get enough of this guy
If F1 teams played in the premier league   Mercedes = Man City  Red Bull = Chelsea McLaren= Arsenal Ferrari = United   Spurs = Renault/Alpine  I couldn’t find an equivalent for Liverpool
I love this channel so much, in the “normal way”
Here in 2023 realizing the FTX connection might actually be real…. 😅
Everytime I watch this I want to give it another thumbs up. It's a pitty you can only give one. So here's a bunch of additional ones 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
As a Doctorate of Journalism I'd just like to say that you are the Greatest F1 Investigative Journalist of our generation.  The World thanks you.
I died when prince andrews face came up. R.I.P. me…
6:22 “normal way”, is that a Fry and Laurie reference?  Only thing I can think of
I have a bit of a bias towards redbull that i will admit.  Actually, its more that i hate mercedes than liking redbull.  All this to say, i can kind of understand a scenario where redbull might not think catering should have been, or would have been considered as part of the cost cap.  Hinestly, when i heard F1 was putting cost caps in place, i assumed that meant money going towards R&D, manufacturing, fabrication, and wind tunnel testing.  I did not expect that to also include lunch for the employees lol.
You are too fucking funny!!!
Like third world hunger and malaria
OI LEAVE HORNER ALONE HE HAS TO BE A DICK CUZ HE IF ISNT TOTO WILL HAVE TOTAL CONTROL OF THE RACES
Right I'm just gonna out and say it, I've not enjoyed F1 commentry this much since before Murry Walker the legend retired.
Maybe, just maybe if he and helmut weren't such nobs they wouldn't be seen as the villains of F1
how the fuck do you write your scrips. what do you smoke
My gawd! The symmetry bwahaha!
Just came across your channel. Got to say it's a masterpiece
I can't even find the words to describe how fucking hilarious and entertaining you and your videos are man, just pure art. Makes me laugh errtime
Voice of an  angel
I haven't laughed this much, well any at all, watching any F1 videos on YT. Good Job Man
I’m boycotting Sky F1 coz their coverage has turned to shit. They got rid of actual F1 experts for a bunch of no name diversity hires who know nothing about F1. The F1 Live team is so much better.
Bro didn't have any better analogy than 9/11 💀
That prince andrew clip was fucking gold 😂😂😂
12:50
That's the moment I lost respect for Verstappen, dick move.
I know I'm 6 months late but this was hilarious
I have more respect for Horner now. Who's Zach anyway. And where's the motormouth Karen-no-maikil-no-no-no?
ted kravit is so annoying
someone tell me who the motivationla speaker he uses in hisnvideos are ?
That is brilliant 😂😂😂
Love how super Mad Max fans are not talking about what he or karen Horner did but just deflecting cause thier actions make them look bad😔
6:16 i like how he left all the names uncensored
You are a very funny man.
Finally the truth comes out!
OK maybe I'm slow and everyone else has already recognized this, but Christian Horner did the classic liar response here. Just like Lance Armstrong when asked if he doped "I've never tested positive." Horner never said he didn't violate the cost cap. He said 1) he's shocked, 2) he didn't get a copy of the letter, 3) kids are getting bullied. The follow up nobody said; "That's all very interesting, Chrissy, but it's got nothing to do with the question of whether you violated the cost cap."
Holy shit. I’ve only just found your channel. This is old school proper YouTube shit. Fucking hilarious. Very well written love it
Prince Andrew, the gift that keeps on giving! 😂
BUD Light should sponsor Ferrari pit stops.
foin hilarious mate. keep it up
this guy is spitting fax
The Lazerpig of f1
Karen Horner 😅
Bruh why does Karen Horner look like Leon Kennedy?
Ahahaha I lol’d when you went down the rabbit hole
Dude, how tf do you not have over a million subscribers yet?! Over 200k is amazing actually for such a niche channel, it truly is. But my point is your videos are the best and deserves all the attention.
Mate, you are next level!
Tbf ... Horner is completely in the right here. They clearly have no real evidence against RB because if they did they would release it. It was literally just a rumour.
Premium God damn F1 content
Ok I'm sold, subscribed. Best F1 channel. I guess because I don't subscribe to all the others because they're mostly shit.
This man is funny 🤣 gained a new subscriber
CIVIL WAR!
hilarious
47£ a month is crazy. I pay that for a year of f1 tv
F1 is like the WWE
I remember the good old days 90s and 2000s no social media the new generation is poison
I’m not even a max fan, but he seems to be the only non-Yakubian ape of the dutch
man could you explain what Verstappen does know to blackmail RedBull? he could reveal where the project is cheating!?!?
Zak is suddenly a proper Cockney Geezer.
oi mohawk you better do a rage againt the gp for every race this year or ill twat you myself
Three months later and this still cracks me up 🤣
ahh! pure gold shitting on f1 :D
Literally binged this whole channel last night. Thank you for existing 🥲
Well....Sergio DID crash in purpose, sooooo 👀
Mr Horner it's simple, you surely have an accontant? Your team broke the rules, simple, you guys went over the maximum allowed. Just be glad that your team never got a greater punishment from the FIA for the total arrogant attitude that prevails in Formula 1, time to stop focusing on what people say and focus on being a result focused team
The f1 community has got so bad since 2020. The best time for f1 imo was 2012  I first got Into it the game was great and all good drivers were there
Horner forgot hes in a million dollar competition. Everybody doesn't hate the team, just envy and that's natural, everyone is fighting for tooth and nail and maybe a sandwich for an advantage
Bitcoin is recovering.
AHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHA Thats fucking gold. Coming from a completely unbiased F1 fan that is highly amusing, thankyou
Sorry but it was Hamiltons line in brazil when they collided
I'm just recommending your channel for everyone I know. That's it.
💀💀💀💀
All right, no need to watch Netflix's Drive to survive
This guy is the biggest whiner in formula 1, not to mention the Biggest two-bit weasel.
Hjh
5:35 thats also what she said ! 😅
What I love the most is the fact you make literally no effort to your background. Like the empty McDonald’s cup is 😚
no im saying cornwall the right way
i didnt talk to him...
1:58  haha
"Merc dick riders get decapitated. It's that simple" 😂 There's just something about online death threats that never fail to amuse.
Dude, these are SO good! I hope you keep these going in the 2023 season!
5:36 that’s what she said
I subscribed... I gotta hear more. I already like you, you candy coat things ....Just like I do..... A spade is not a spade.. it's a f'n shovel!!!
hAMilTon waS roBbEd 😂 Bro all he had to do was pit like everyone else did. Stop crying about it🤣🤣
Only just discovered you, ff-ing hilarious
He married a ginger sex worker. He has no moral high ground.
dude you should be the new topgear presenter if you could find yourself a 50 year old lady and a hamster.
Omg! This is my favorite YT channel right now! This man is hilarious!
I have never watched a single F1 race but here I am 7 videos deep loving every second
The first clip of Horner speaking.. how many cuts is that? F off
What about the story about Perez cheating with verstapens mum and the comment on Perez instagram by verstapens mum eg why verstapen won’t give back position in brazil
I can’t believe I’m going to say this but you didn’t talk about Stroll (that’s a bad thing)
You’re content is pure gold! I couldn’t stop laughing. I absolutely love your channel. Please keep the videos coming.
another scandal, Christian Horner almost gave away the child labour
Cheers from the Pacific West Coast  of Canada.
6:22 the normal way in reference to winning a championship "in the normal way"
there is telemetry from the perez monaco crash and for me its pretty obvius. Watch the onboard with throttle input and make your own opinion:  🤔
People who think it wasn't cheating because it was spent on food don't realise that the money they spent on the food went towards the car instead.
Man I hate some max fans, true scum of the fan base. Iv seen then find old lewis clips just to shot on him. Truly wild
Karen horrner is pure entertainment. Bro can't take any shit for anyone but will throw allot of shit 🤣
You’ve got to love he shits on everyone
10:31 BUT tehn
I’m assuming the FBI finally got him, or he needs to hire an editor
My guy forgot his password
I have to watch all episodes twice or three times as new ones come every second blue moon... the nerve!
The next one better be a half hour long bro cmon I’m lookin everyday
Where have you been?
Pls Bro u don’t have fun anymore slagging F1 ?
no off-season videos????i need my fix
pls new content?
The CIA got him
Kinda out of the topic, but I hate how F1 fallen into the "4ct1v1st Cl1m4t3 Ch4ng3 larper" arseholes. As if they were doing these for pumping out money onto their bellies.  And yet, they were being hypocrite with the Russian invasion, whilst continuing on racing at Jeddah (despite the terror attack at the Aramco office near the track).  Especially I hate how most driver also fallen into the activism path like Seb, Lewis, etc.
This is genial 😂😂😂
R u dead m8, its been 4 weeks  I check youtube every night just to be disappointed, on. Me. Nan’s. Grave.
I like how he forgot what he was talking about,stated talking about something else and then says that George Russell owes him £20😂😂
When I need to get unstressed out, this the video that I see broo 🤣🤣🤣
Where tf have you disappeared at you wanker we need these videos like #teamLH need to complain on twitter
7
I was just wondering when he was going to start correctly pronouncing words
The new video will 100% not be worth it
Search for telemetry from both perez's laps maybe in the next vid discuss it for a sec
Mooooaaaarrrr
His words. Always gets me
when new vid
Tom Coronel isn't just "some Dutch journalist", he's a veteran World Touring Car driver (also did Dakar and Le Mans) and European Touring Car champion
My man need more content !!!
hey where’s the vids gone fella
the fuck you playing at 3 weeks no upload i have no life outside of you mate give me some quality content
Where your new video at?????
Where next video
So we didn't get a final video? No end?
There are some serious dickhead destructive frauds in Formula 1 USD $Multi-Billion business, but it  is acknowledged that ex-grass cutter Christian Horner and his Austrian boss, Dr Helmut poisonous drinks moneybags Marko are 2 of the biggest inflated nasties in F1.
When the new video dropping?
there is no better cure for a hangover than watching you hahahaha
Comedic masterpiece
This. Was. Hilarious
Verstappen is a tool. And probably the biggest one in his car.
Just finished binging all your vids. You're the best thing to happen to F1 commentary, period. Looking forward to next season!
C'mon dude... Need another video.  Suffering withdrawals here.
sometimes i wonder if social media is the most brilliant and most stupid thing humans ever made.
My family loves this  video.
Every once in a while, I binge out this whole channel,even though I know the outcome of every race and what to expect of the video,aswell as the content of the video because I've ran it like a 50 times each...but the entertainment and dry,intelligent humor are so versatile that you can rewatch them every time and still die of laughter. RPM, your channel/persona is miraculous and keep up doing the God's work - can't wait for the pre-season shenanigans and ofc the season itself,cause these videos are the highlight of the race weekend for mw.
Karen Horner, Verstappen shaggers 😂😂😂
Well...another two weeks have passed and no new video...  Throw...him...in...jail! Right now! THROW HIM IN JAIL!
No joke about red flags and Nicholas latifi?
I’m a little late to the party. My friend recommended this channel. I’m a little disappointed that it took him so bloody long! I’m sold - from a fan across the pond 🇨🇦
Please outline how Ocon did 98% of the work at Alpine
I have never watched a more British video
Just had to show my approval for the appearance of the Royal Nonce in your latest vids. Carry on.
0:11 "Costcappen apocalypse" - why not capocalypse? I'll see myself out...
good stuff...
I'm waiting for your commentary over Abu Dhabi 2022 .. ohh I can smell the blood from now 😏
This video is amazing, I can't believe I found you after the season :``(
Wth, I saw this man having like 1.7k not 170k subscribers lol
To be fair you'd be a better candidate for Kravitz's roll than he is
Unironically would love to see videos on whatever the hell this guy wants to make videos about during the off-season.  Like if there’s just not enough off-season news for a video I’d love to see him just rant off on any topic he’s passionate about.
Your videos are being shadow banned I had to literally go to my subscriptions and then your channel to find this video 10 days late
When's next comedy masterclass lad?
This man is criminally underrated.
Mr rocketpoweredmohawk who is your favourite driver and team? Love to know who you like ….. if anyone
I'm more aware that you upload a video than feeding my dog
What happened to the monza video!?!
If you believe you know wat habbened in AbuDabi   You probably also believe you're a monkey...  ...spinning on a water Globe...  ...in Vacuum Space  !!!
The Earth is Flat and Stationary...  There's THAT  !!!
DAYLIGHT ROBBERY
That is NOT RIGHT !!!  Absolutely SAVAGE !!!
Where's the NEXT VIDEO   ???   YOU MORON !!!
I love not having any bias it’s just pure humor
Man, you always make my day!
Mr RPM, i would like to make a request, you get an editor so you can have uploads way more consistent as i need more RPM content
Absolute comedy genius
U are jokes bro
You're effin' funny lad! Good on ya!  And that comin' from a dutchie!🤪 one love bro!
Hahahaha horners pissed of because what he normally does is happening to him! Such a bellend
He actually looks a bit like Verstappen at 13:43
Please never change your setup.
Horner is a complete prick - end of story
Bud, this was literally one of the funniest videos I have seen in ages. You had me pissing myself. Not often that a commentary video can be this hilarious and factually accurate at the same time. BRAVO!!!
This is by far the greatest Chanel on YouTube in a long fuckn time
Oh this videos is getting down for sure
What kind of car is he inside?
I'm not a LH fan, but due to the rules, in Brasil LH was ahead and VER needed to give way to LH. So VER was at fault for the collision. I think LH was the primary reason for the accident but those are the rules
I've never been so entertained on the subject of F1 👍 I had tears if laughter running down my cheeks.
How long you think before we see you in the paddock doing real time updates?
The most trusted voice in F1 today. Absolutely fantastic, thank you for all your effort. I truly hope you continue to put out content!!!
I'm a Max fan but some of the fans out there are beyond help XD
Who does you support i swear you just worship chaos
🤣
Outstanding 🍺
And the reason they are boycotting sky is because "fourty-six pound is f----- theft!". I haven't laughed so hard in years!
😂😂😂 Karen Horner that should be his new name
Your videos are literally to die for…. More often please
The degree of gaslighting that Christian Horner does is extraordinary. Such a great team but terrible leadership.
Telemetry shows Perez did it on purpose but I fucking LOVE these videos
found the channel a few day ago and watched everything. gotta give respect that cunts fuckin funny best f1 content i have seen
George: "The crypto market turned in on me"
Throw george in jail ahahahahaha and max is satan checo is jesus Lewis is mosia and redbull own f1 higher ups find out what's next on is this cake
Perfect 👌 don’t have to watch the f1 drama, just watch your hilarious take on it… brilliant 🤗
Best F1 journalist out there. 🤣👏👏👏
you are jesus himself
Brilliantly brilliant!
I just did the math if Charles didn't fu¢k anything over he would have finished 3 points behind max
thank god for you. finally someone has a sense of humor in this "semen slurping sport"
" THROW HIM IN JAIL "
9:18 I think Max completly forgot what Checo did for him last season
This is honestly the funniest stuff on Youtube!!
farmer, guitarist, F1 commentator and mad lad, there is no better channel on youtube
I waited too long to hear this. I think I soiled myself laughing once more.
Max fans: "are you still talking about Abu Dhabi 2021?"  Also max fans: "..but Monaco 2021"
I like this guy..
Amazing video haha
Just found this channel. YOU ARE A LEGEND. Top tier banter, great content mate !!
It's true Hamilton was robbed.
I love the definition of "robbed"
Does anyone know what his intro song is?
My son recently lost his job so it would mean a lot if you like my comment.
This is a MASTERPIECE. F1 is a cult.
Literally found this video on random on my home page and I’m so happy I clicked play! 😂 New sub instantly received!!! Carry on flea, top class commentary 👏🏾 🤘🏾
as a mclaren fan christain is my fave 😍😍🥰🥰
Why do the verstappenshaggers automatically assume we're blaming Max when we (correctly) say Lewis was robbed? We aren't accusing Max of anything, we lay the blame squarely on that Massi-ve twat that was making the rules up as he was instructed to by Horne... I mean making the rules up as he went along, totally without outsider influence.   (For legal reasons, some of this comment is satire. Except the "Lewis was robbed" bit, that is just undeniable fact.)
First video. How could I not subscribe? 😂 omg. You're so English it's unreal. You make me wanna move back home.
_His_ words. (0:44)
Crash Willhappen fans are a bit reactionary
Think YouTube should have a block button would block you and ted
Rolling on the Floor... In the U.S.A  ✌😄🏁 subbed !
love it  and in 1991 Senna let his teammate Gerhard Berger pass him for the WIN as Senna had already won the world championship and it was the last race.   a GP win   because Berger hadn't won all season i think  i didnt research this  i saw it
I’m just waiting for a new video 👍🏽
As a McLaren fan I hated the fact Zac sent a bitchy letter to the FIA. Like McLaren and almost every other team have never been caught cheating
This is gold
I'd rather watch you solve conspiracy theories than watch Monaco
Never seen or heard of this channel before, but man I haven't laughed like this for far too long!
Zak Brown wrote that? Hmm never heard an American use words like twat before. Smells like BS
Tom Coronel is literally a Max Verstappen fanboy. The whole Dutch Viaplay is up Max's ass tbh🥲
Love you content dude, so funny and arguably more insightful than that majority of "F1 analysts" keep up the great work!
Bro you are epic
11:06 oh boy let me tell you: de telegraaf is a respected title... For sensational nonsense
0:41 that’s does sound like a quote from American zac brown
Why do you pay $46 for Sky Sports?  F1TV is 1/4th the price, offers a better commentator team and cool shows.   You can still do the Sky commentators if you hate yourself.
This sir, is genious,
Just earned a sub
What I wouldnt pay to have this guy as a F1 commentator instead of Crofty or those other try hards on the official broadcast. What about "English (adult)" audio track in the official broadcast, I'd pay extra for that!!
Proper funny content laughed a lot through this video 😂
9:11 haha
Max V is obviously a killer driver, but has there ever been a more punchable face in F1?
Remind me soap threatening Shepard (marko)
I enjoyed this video you are going places
Concise and to the point I thought 🤣
I thought this was satire for the first three minutes. Even NOW I am questioning it.
Bro, you better become an F1 commentator full time for the races instead of Sky... you are far less biased, far more hilarious and extremely entertaining. Remember us when you hit a Mil+ subs. Sending you good vibes all the way from Italy.
Just found this channel and can’t be happier. This is some of the best F1 content … funny but true
This was great 👍  Made me chuckle
I can't believe you didn't mention the theory about Checo porking Max's mum
Awww poor Crystian Horner...🤣 isn't his team the ones that accused merc and ferrari of cheating?
So Checo told Horner he crashed...cheats!
I 💛 Horner......but not as much as he😍😍🍆Crashtappen
I can explain the little mx boys’ anger easily: Team maxy, incels in their mummy’s basement  basement dwellers have time to come up with incel insults
It IS disappointing to be accused of cheating in F1 - SO STOP CHEATING!  Cheat! They won’t
Season review when
About damn time! Missed your vids, glad its back, started to wonder if tiktok/YT/F1 assasinated you
After all Horners words, he still overspent by enough money for me to buy a small house, a car, and quit work for 10 years
Billy horner waste of oxygen , horner and Cyclops two of the biggest cheats ever to be in F1
I like this. I subscribe
Great way to start the day!
Your vids are so goddamn entertaining xD
"Sergio let max through" as if he's ever been able to stop'm 🤣
I’m spitting out my drink on how good of entertainment I’m getting out of this
That twin towers edit was absolutely fucking hilarious 😂 you deserve a million subscribers or that beautiful visual joke alone
2022 was such a dull season, thanks for brightening it up with your level-headed, absolutely unbiased and sober coverage!
This is my favorite YouTube channel. Sorry not sorry, Nutella!
This is the single best thing I've ever seen on YouTube.
WHERE ARE YOU
I want to have an aneurism with this guy, beautiful 😍
easily the best content creator for f1 content, only way is up :))
You earned a sub on this one sir!  Bingo!
1:37 A FAX machine?! It’s 2022!
No matter who you support this man is a living legend at commenting F1 shite
ngl i absolutely hate max lmao
12:28 are you awake or what
Did you get your £20?
If you look at Perez's onboard and telemetry you can see he stabs the throttle like his name is Jack and the throttle is a prostitute in 1800s London. Max still did a dick move but Perez's big brain move at the start of the season shows that he is setting the bar of stupidity far higher than your average Hamilton/Verstappen enjoyer.
I now know a lot of new terms regarding fans of certain racers. Love it
YouTube unfollowed you on my Account Wtf 😂😂
Can someone please explain to me what LH fans think should have happened in Abu Dhabi? To this day I don't understand.
Just wait for Max to grabs 2-3 more. Its gonna be a toxic fuckfest.
I was actually crying with laughter at 12:20,
idk how anyone can like horner
TOP TIER per usual, and the Dutch being the foundation of the checo conspiracy is weird to me, but i appreciate you getting us through this season cause it def had some ghetto moments. Keep bringing content specifically about james Hunt would be dope, or the past gp would work as well. I appreciate you and your content.
This is why I like Carlos Sainz. No toxic. No bs. Just a smooth operation.
It was my birthday yesterday; but I didn't get that extra Rocket Powered Mohawk video I wanted 😢. I even checked ebay. You'd think scalpers would have everything Mohawk but it's not true: they're just theiving bloody pickpockets.
U should read verstappens insta comments. 🤣🙈
As an African American who has watched F1 for about 15 years, I knew the minute American interests bought the FIA that the corruption within the FIA was about to start juicing. Now, I can take a joke and I believe your video is comedy, that said, fuck Verstappen and the  nepatism that has him racing in F1. Fuck the Dutch for feeding his fan base those lies. And fuck all those "fans" that only want to see a white man win. Perez is twice the driver that Max is but due to his  ethnicity redbull kneecaps him in favor of Verstappen. America is the land of  nepotistic opportunity for white boys like Max. Prove me wrong, or I will prove you a racist.
Fukin finally, leave the cyber pence and stick with us
Amazing breakdown mate.
redbull r cheats
3:38 Depend if you are a Lewis or Max fan.
Red bull get out of f1 now 😡😡😡
Masterpiece!
Starting this video i didn’t expect much, but still i am dissapointed
This is pure gold 🪙
this was hysterical ty
Cheater bully whining 😁😁😁
Subbed. Bravo.
911 footage big comeback
New to your channel and I absolutely love it 😂. Keep up the good work 👍
F1 one is one of the few normie things I'm engaged in and having some REAL professional journalism to watch in my spare time is just fucking delightful.
Horner talks like he didn't expose Ferrari in 2019.
Your content is so good and you're on point to so many issues that have been lingering in F1 for decades at this point!
watched few vids in the past, subscribed after this one
Man you are fokin hilarious! Glad I found your video 🤣🤣🤣 nothing can beat classic British banter and comedy! But one thing I didn't get was the 9/11 pics 🤔🧐
Tom Coronel is a famous race/rally driver too.
TED KRAVITZ WAS NEVER IN WITNESS PROTECTION
😂RBC
upload more content you fucking cunt I love to see this shit
i love how nobody talked about the fact that sainz had the same accident as perez in the same corner, on the same lap,  in a pretty much the same way, and especially in a way that completely blocked the track. i'm not saying that i think that sainz did it on purpose, i'm saying that it's bizzare how sainz (supposedly) didn't change anything about there being a red fleg
This is one of the reasons why I like Danny Ric, he’s a happy guy with a happy team mate, not controversial just happy to race.           And he’s sexy af
shit bro that took such a turn at the end XD you got me dying XD poes
Within the space of a year you have became the best F1 channel on youtube! At the rate your subcribers are growing the numbers will soon show this too. Every video has me almost crying with laughter. solid work and as others are saying please keep up content off season!
George Russel is the type of guy to crash the crypto market
Ted was spot on tbf.
This was hilarious… classic British sarcasm
"Where's the fucking thing..." That's what she ALSO said 😛 I kid, love your videos!
Had to subscribe after this video!
I just was in Abu Dhabi to watch the last race of the season. Any time it showed Christian on the screen at the lounge I was at I went “BOOO!” I cannot stand Christian. He’s always so up other peoples asses. Also I don’t like Max, I respect he is a great driver. I just don’t like his personality. I think he is pompous and he is not a good team player. But I think a lot of my dislike of Christian comes from his insane love of Max.
nobody remembers those kids, but everyone hasn't forgotten Susan Boyles' voice.
Abu dhabi was manipulated. Could talk about that daily.
If your smart you will NOT stop making these videos. I enjoy this so much and you’ve got so many clips in one video it’s insane. Very well done
This is literally the best channel ever. Never have I thought I’d watch an f1 channel to hear about Russel crashing crypto and Suzan boyle
When you cheat you make yourself a target for hatred. Should’ve known that Christian.
Perez crashed in Monaco on purpose to start 1 place infront of max already knowing Red Bull use team orders to get max infront of him wherever they possibly can!   Max’s excuses are Bullshit! He’s just selfish and not a team player. Enough said.
Christian Horner complains that people bitch too much while he bitches and moans about everything, still love it, makes Drive to survive more interesting than the Kardashians
Whenever I’m bored or feeling low I genuinely can just binge watch your videos and they make me laugh so hard! I hope you keep up through the off season cause my god you’re fucking hilarious! Love all your videos, keep it up man, you’re class!
We must protect this channel at all costs.
This was masterful! Respect to you boss!
Those last 5 minutes had me in tears 🤣
this is why i support Zhou, there's no room for dispute in the rice fields of the glorious chinese communist party
Always love the content RPH. Always end up in stitches at most if not all you say 😂
Dutch media just playing British media at their own game. The whole thing in Brazil was well fucked, if I were Max I would have turned down the free pass on Checo and just passed him, THEN say fuck off.
This guy and the word "knob". What's not to love?
Rocketpoweredmohawk > Ted Kravitz
Thanks for keeping it real ... we needed that
this video is certified & verified by all mainstream fact-checkers sites as 100% FACTUAL ... This message is sponsored by FTX Corruptions LTD
i watch these at least 10x each!! im always listening when im simracing
This guy is so reliable at telling us the news straight while still making me laugh out loud while he does it.
how dilusional is twat Horner , cheats ,lies and cries when it doesnt go his way
Were you serious about it being Lewis’ fault or are you trying to cause another one of those riots? I genuinely can’t tell
You sir are my new fav F1 content creator. You’re hilarious and aren’t biased while you call every team out for their shit 😂
"The Queen is still alive........what was I talking about.......oh ye, Ted Kravitz" had me fucking howling
R U ready 4 the comment section? Proceeds to fasten the seatbelt
Sky sports is a ducking clown show
I would’ve boycotted sky as well if I was them tbh
Good god i love your videos!
The more I watch this, the more Rocket Power man, looks like MV33
Sky sports is really gay for hamilton though
They need to hire this guy for viaplay haha
That slight pause before "Oh, no funny enough I don't" 😂  Your content is the best part of Formula 1 and YouTube.
Jesus Christ.. Hamilton fans are smug crybabies and we all knew that. But fuck me those Verstappen fans going after Ted Kravitz are unbearable and should be completely ashamed of themselves.
Bruh, this conspiracy theory 😂 Tom Coronel is clearly full of it lol.
This needs way more views than it has 🤣🤣
say Abu Dhabi ten times really fast
Well, this video solidifies the fact you're my favorite F1 YouTube channel. Before watching this YouTube recommended a video of Perez's throttle data on the Monaco GPs qualifying lap. I never got an explanation of Max's reasoning until this video, but it adds up to pure gold.
The real crime is a lack commentary of Lance Stroll’s repeated attempts to murder drivers behind him but swerving to the left at the last moment. #FlyAlonso
What was I talking about.... TED KRAVITZ!
Truly a masterpiece! The lengths to which RPM goes to find the absolutely most hilarious way to analyze the races, drivers, and the broader F1 ecosystem is a part of his genius.
Twitter should have an algorithm so when someone tweets something that would be a punchable offence in real life, their bank account gets hacked. I felt uncomfortable when Ted said "robbed" a billion times, but never felt the need to send him a death threat, or anyone else for that matter. The only good thing about Twitter is it keeps the scumbag cowards in one place.
the mere thought of christian horner shooting jfk fucking sent me
Fuck this is so good :D
Fat Brown, lol
Awsome video mate hilariously and sarcastically right on point. Just got a new subscriber out of me. 👏
These videos make my day
This juicy juicy drama
This is just a whole load of semi-coherent rambling and I love it.
this is one of the best videos i have seen. 👏
I'm not even sure why max fans are so mad.. we winning and we kept winning. honestly its fantastic how hard we hitting these hammerheads. don't dislike Hamilton dislike his fanbase a lot though and I love it when they suffer... on second thought, I dislike hamilton too cause he made a real effort to get all these loonies to like him. the fake oppression stuff, gender lgqtc, social warrior nonsense... blm'rs.. yuck.. nobody liked Hamilton a decade ago.. not even brits.. It took a new generation of clowns to buy into what ham is selling.   anyways ted can talk, do a tedtalk ted.. "robbery" is just a word that lost meaning if I can drive around and flaunt with the thing I robbed from you.
True journalism.
Fucking hell dude, I hope you have a good lawyer after this one 😄
Pure gold mate! I think George owes me more then 20 quid.... the fucker.
Look at the growth. My G.
I acc love ted 🤣 lmao living absolutely rent free in the verstappen fan boys heads 😂
What car are you sat in for these videos?
Your humor is brilliant mate. Keep going.
I've lost so much affection for F1 lately, and this channel makes me laugh at all of the reasons why. Pure gold. Well done.
You know shit hit the fan when he takes the seatbelt on
Max is a bitch. They let him by. Give him back the position
the word robbed doesn't, however, cheated does !!! THE FIA makes the rules ... but to break ther rule they made just to make a different world champion is cheating ....you cant make rules and then change them to suit the outcome you want!
10:45 bruh if you say that it is a red flag when a journalist from the same country as the driver makes a statement or claim, then you literally can't believe a word from the British journalists when they make claims/statements about their drivers. yet you do? that's unfair bias fam...
7:41 this was also weird, I mean its clear as day it was LH fault. That penalty made no sense.
6:51 I still actually cannot believe they used that clip in that way. I mean does that not say it all as to Sky's Stance on Max. IMAGINE it was LH in that car and they celebrated his crash like that. Sky would be cancelled within a day for racism and have to get their CEO to apologize on national television. The double standards are mad....
Now what are we gonna do during winter break? Another P1 for Rocket!!!
He uploaded
When McLaren, Ferrari and Mercedes are calling a team cheats from their glass houses. You know Red Bull probably haven't done anything wrong.
RIP eardrums
The Most Entertaining Thing to Watch!
First video of yours I've watched. It won't be the last.
This was brilliant!
Hahahahahahahaha well done sir. I'm a F1 fan, but starting to feel more and more like a scam.  It's more of a jury sport these days.  But to threaten some one for saying things you don't like or disagree on is totally stupid. That makes me ashamed of being a max fan.
Can Perez sue them for diffamation?
Honestly, it doesn't really matter whether Checo crashed on purpose or not (which I kind of doubt ngl). It didn't take the championship away from Max. It didn't change shit. All Max accomplished with his tantrum was make himself as well as Red Bull look bad and possibly (or rather likely) lose the so far unshaken support of an amazing teammate. He just looks like a petty mf because while Checo didn't cost Max the championship, Checo might've had a greater chance of winning 2nd in the WDC if Max didn't decide that it was time for some childish revenge games. Max is still a great driver and I usually enjoy watching him race etc. but right now I get annoyed whenever I even see him.  He's grown up a lot since entering F1 but if he can't solve his conflicts in private and can't help but drag his hurt feelings into the race, then he has more maturing to do. Some soul searching might really help him, not just as an athlete but just as a dude as well.
Someone meds to tell Horner EERM EERM is not an answer.
A global what😅😅😅😅
I don't know who you are, but i find you and sub you.
Does Christian not remember that time where the racing point “pink Mercedes” had pace, and due to that and nothing else he complained to the fia.   How dare a fellow competitor accuse without proof my ass😂
I fookin love you conspiracy theorist twat
Been waiting for this for well over a week!!! I almost cracked a nut when I saw it coming out
7:56 is inhumane
Our friend here is a bit jelly isnt he
Greetings from Sweden! Just found your channel, and i have to say, your comic timing and pacing is just incredible. My hope is that your content diverge into other areas aswell. I can just see you sitting in your garage with a tinfoil hat going over conspiracy theories :D
You need to work for sky shitty on the Naomi gurl. I would watch that
Absolutely no mention on what MM is ding now. Who’s paying his bills? IS CH still having to reach around and smooth things over for him? Where is MM Now?
Can confirm that Coronel is a Verstappen shagger
that first definition of robbed would technically fit perfect…no matter if you agree with masis decision it definitely was not legal
As if Christian hasn't thrown other teams and competitors under the bus for any little thing in the past.
Do the World Cup
On behalf of all Max fans,  we don't claim these toxic Max fans.
Funny enough after looking at the evidence, there is 0 doubt on my head that Perez actually crashed on purpose in Monaco. The only thing that would have me believe otherwise is if he said he had a shiver at that exact moment because there's no way in hell any driver, even Latifi, floors the throttle like Perez did.
Can’t believe this is the first time discovering your channel. Totally enamored; looking forward to more works of art!
Kids bullied at school, FFS, it will be RB employees at food banks next week!  I hate Sulky Spice because I think he is a slimy snake, What are your reasons, Discuss.
Lmao, agreed.. Throw George Russel in jail
Meanwhile, someone need a new supply of jello
#justiceforted
This channel is the only reason I'm still a Ferrari fan
You got to keep making videos to get us through the 3 months!!
Love the mike clinching  Like the SKY commentators??? Pipe line dreamer ??
GOAT of team manager  Go Christian go  Cool calm  Ted carptalks
I’m so happy I stumbled upon this💀 perfection
Oh the Vershaggahs
U have to do something about mazepigs instagram post in the next video
Now that Elon is running Twitter into the ground out of sheer incompetence and wanting to cover up his brother’s Epstein-esque underage sex cult in Colorado. F1 mental illness and all mental illness will be moving onto Facebook and Instagram until they find a new platform that allows furry porn.
😂😂😂😂
do you rehearse this or drop it in one take? if so im impressed.
horrifically mentally ill person here. by normal way he meant not kinky like that he wouldn't like seeing his wife shagged by another dude. but I think calling him a simp also achieves the same goal
😂😂😂😂 yes just yes
Holy shit, there's tunnels under Milton Keynes?! You've sussed it out mate
Wash your socks fam
Bro you are the funniest mf that ive ever seen.. im from Brazil and dont have a clue how the f i foun your channel!! Kkkk
For the Perez volontary crash you can simply that in his steering wheel he accelerates a lot when he Is almost still
Love this
the Perez crash thing lowkey fucked if you watch each lap and listen to the throttle map
I hope that comment about RB won't cost you <3
Horner🙄
This gets me through exams
This biased stream is presented by a menthal disordered fellow. If you whas a dog who bite everyone one injection is sufficient
This humiliating content for special for mercedes who entangled interest in fia to get a advantage political and rules.
Bah, shittiest episode yet
looks like someone has to wear ankle socks
I want whatever this guy had.
Thank god someone sits in the middle taking the piss out of the absurd F1 fans from all sides. With some very spicy takes.
I have no idea how you’ve only got 165k subscribers! This content is fucking brilliant! Can’t wait to watch the channel grow! Keep up the great work! 🙌🏼
Maybe the dutch media was wrong, BUT it is 99.9% possible and possibly true that perez crashed on purpose. If u analyze perez’s crash u can only come out with two possibilities: either perez shut down for a single second making every mistake he could make, or he did it on purpose. If u search it on youtube u’ll see videos talking about it
Idk what’s funnier, some of this video or what the video is about
No matter who you support, you have to love these videos
We need more earrape moments on the zoom ins, so much funnier
Susan Boyle actually got robbed
Yk RPM is a true brit cause mans got one of those coloured plastic collapsible Baskets On his shelf shit I don't even think they make those anymore. 😂😂😂
I FUCKING LOVE THIS CHANNEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just noticed that the collapsed twin towers in the background are at 9:11 🤣 you must have done that on purpose. That’s funny
I was soooo hoping you'd bag on Tim 'limp wrist' Cook over his flag waving performance...  But as usual you hit the nail on the head with F1 drama.
unbelievable video 🤣
You Sir are a legend, keep up the good work
Absolutely top notch shithouseary as always 🤣
another banger
How much Adrenochrome is in that cup with the straw behind you, next to the blue mallard?
Average Merc fan
Saying hello for the algorithm
0:36 is the most British thing I've ever heard, it broke my American mind.
You should do a live commentary on one of the races next season
Can't wait for you to become mainstream media and you slag yourself off
brilliant!
i do support a xmass vid of kravitz
It all makes sense now
WORTH. THE. WAIT.
This mother fucker has me rolling 😆....bull shit redbull spent that money on catering
subo on rpm is what f1 2022 needs, obvs. word to yer nan
So we just not going to acknowledge Lance Stroll murder attempts?
We should be praising  Max for saving checo's and the teams lives. Jos would've kolled them all and drank their blood had max done the dck move
Lewis and tyler durden
this is a GIRTHY SCHLONG of a video. Quality content as always brother!
" Its not long enough" That what she ACTUALLY said 🤣
I cant believe you havent mentionned Stroll Once, You managed to mention Latifi though 😂😂
Always look forward to your videos. So fucking entertaining. Thank you for keeping us updated with F1 drama!
The messiah of motorsport memes is back!
No “swear down to me nan’s grave” this time?  The George Russel bitcoin line was gold 😂😂👌🏻
This man should be knighted for services to journalism
Went a bit offtopic in the end but got it back together.... and susan boyle has voice of an angel
🤣🤣
Man, it's a good day when you post brother
5:35 no, that's what she said.
Man, you are a nutshell but in a very good way, keep on doing this, don't change anything, absolutely great !
Please overdub an episode of Drive to Survive
This channel is the highlight of the F1 calendar.
Genius. Thank you
You are the only unbiased F1 pundit
The sacrifices made for suffering F1 Twitter and Instagram to provide legendary summaries and comedy to others. Too funny to not watch. GOAT
So if I understood the thesis of this video correctly, what you're telling me is Lewis Hamilton and Susan Boyle are actually the same person
the only words i have for checo is,nice guys finish last :,)
These videos are always worth the wait!
Lmao 1:04 does anyone know how many times Horner accused Mercedes of cheating last year!?
This is what we really need in the Paddock
George cannot be stopped! He has had his fill of crashing other cars, now he must crash markets!
Excellent video as usual, knobhead
Thank you Rocketpoweredmohamk man Nailed it while being hilarious
NEW UPLOAD HECK YES
Just fucking brilliant 😂
this is funny
forgot to mention the kmag q3 pole
Lewis Hamilton is the F1 GOAT, and Christian Horner is best team principal that ever lived. Conspiracy rant circling all the way over to Geo R. was just fooking awesome.
I live for these videos.
Imagining a non-brit watching this and laughing harder.
Excellent as aways! Love it!
Gettin Jeffrey Epstein in to this is gold
Oha this was spicyer than my Chili con carne. Nice.
NO ISTG TOM CORONEL IS ACTUALLY BELIEVABLE HE'S ACTUALLY ONE OF THE VERY VERY FEW SANE PEOPLE LEFT AT VIAPLAY
6:26 💀
Drive to Survive needs to be binned off and replaced with these shows. Absolutely brilliant 👍🤣
Waited too long for your videos. Why did you stopped that rage against gp after belgium 🥲😢
That guy is fucking awsome
the fact that at exactly 9:11 the towers fell and verstappen crossed the line
Fuck I'm 18 hours late
Socks!
As a Verstappen shagger I love how ppl get so mad about the British bias and are totaly looking pased the fact Tom Coronel is literally the most biased journalist in Dutch history. Like i commented on a instagram post of his "Dutch Ted Kravitz" and for some reason the comment was deleted.... Mental
What are we supposed to do without this channel in the off season period 😔 always on point mate !
That's the biggest BS about Checko crashing on purpose. The Qualifying would have been red flagged after Sainz crashed out. Checko was in the wrong place at the wrong time and lost concentration after seeing the Ferrari hit the wall, it's happens in racing.
Just brilliant 😂🎉
Thing is the dutch are right, Perez crashed on purpose. They posted his telemetry and for some reason he floors the throttle halfway through the corner. Man was trying to pull a Rosberg and bring out yellows
12:31 Ahhhhh what a missed opportunity to say "Ted Kravitz, back to him"  Nonetheless, golden vid as ususal, looking forward to more off-season
this shit is funny. subscribed
This channel is singlehandedly saving the entire F1 community and I love it
my lord has returned...
I respect your journalistic integrity to put out quality content but fuck me it took longer than I thought after your tantilizing tit bit the other day, begrudgingly it was worth the wait and it was better than average.  Fairs
Amazing editing great vid
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
w content makes my day every time
Old Weekly RPM 4 min episodes >>>New RPM every 3 weeks with a a 15 min episode
Helmut Marko definitely runs a satanic death cult
if you think insta and twitter is back well tiktok is the child of insta and twitter
Unreal mate hahahaha
All I’m sayin is thank god this shits over. I want to look forward to next year but if the media has decided they want to cover shit like this then imma have to jus go full blackout on SM, can’t stand the horseshit drama
This video killed me 🤣 Whatever people may think of Kravitz & Co., I've said it before, Sky sports F1 needs you!
Hahaha😂😂 golden
i love this guy
Well Twitter is not going to be around for that long if you have been watching the news recently.
Red bull are a bunch of joker's, horner doesn't like it because the cats out of the bag for the cheating bastards!! They are the ones killing F1 😳
Title should have been Christian Horner vs The World, 0/10
Jezus the comments on instagram xD
I was expecting more on verstappen hate comments all over social media
Joh Instagram going hard? That is worse than Twitter
Mclaren and Ferrari have NO right to call out Red Bull for cheating...  2019 and 2007 are the only 2 years i need to mention.
You are a genius <3
YOURE ALIVE
The crypto market crashed and you were robbed of 20 quid?  🎻
sky should hire you as a commentator, would then actually be somewhat worth the half a million a year they charge
Wait Brad Pitt as an F1 driver...isn't he nearly an OAP 👍✌
This is pure gold
surprised u aint given up from the amount of shit u seen lmao
As a fellow dutchman, I would like to say the following: GEKOLONISEERD
I wish i could like this twice
Fat Brown lmfao
Ohhhh damn. As a Verstappen fan, I distance myself from any 'fans' who threatened in this extreme hateful way towards Kravitz.. what the hell
Finally
5:53 _Not trying to start anything, I just found really funny the fact that the first comment of the "Verstappen Shaggers" is someone repping Hamilton._ 😭
Now waiting for Rage against Abu Dhabi - if there's anything to rage about.
He never said "last summer" he said "last time"
I fucking hate how much I love these video's, can't stop watching them. Man's a comedic genius
so  out of the better of the sport.    once a week i go on Facebook FORNOW  ,  and  i find these death threats to racers and teams,   and i write to the people making it that we need to better the sport as a whole and to do that we cant be sending death threats,    just enjoy the racing & the personalities of your favourite racers, but leave the hate , Death threats and Racism out of the sport.  We are better than that.  so many people are blind to see this has nothing to do with us and need to control their emotions better. its easy to yell and scream online but it doesnt make the sport a better place.
As a Verstappen Shagger, this was beautiful. Again. Well done!
Off-season we need a video on the Midget/Healey Sprite
We need proof of him wearing ankle socks till the end of the year as this was posted after lights out in Abu Dhabi. This man is a criminal not posting for 4 bloody races! THROW HIM IN JAIL (just like George who owes me 69 420 guldens from the crypto market) and force him to do these vids!
ok im just dying.... "who writes a letter? ever heard of a fax machine?" wtf do you fax through a fax machine? A LETTER? lmfaaaaaaaao!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! brooooo hahahaha
Dude pure classic after classic
Ayy yk I realized even as a Hamilton fan how fucking stupid the extreme fans are, 🤣 like I'm here obviously upset lewis lost but like come on, are we srsly going to create a toxic rivalry when obviously those 2 just race each other hard.
No matter which driver or team you support we are all #TeamRPM
46 pound a month is highway robbery
The only media i can trust right now hahaha
I'm a Verstappen shagger😇 Great video again 👍
It’s okay when Horner does it ! But if rest do it he will bitch about it to every one every day
He just doesn’t miss 😂
Masterpiece👌
even if checo crashed on purpose he still let max through a number of times this season taking points away from leclerc and basically did half the work to help max to win the title
5:31 thas wha she sed
5:35 that's what she said :(
i literally wait for your videos like it's fucking christmas day
fuck me, I'm about to sub to your patreon even though I can barely afford food, just so I can listen to your podcast, because you're way too entertaining, simple as Better entertainment than F1 itself with 5% of the effort. Based.
i forgive the english empire  warcrimes against humanity just because of this guy and jeremy clarkson
Where anckle socks?
Just what I needed, on a shaight Monday morning. 👍  It's good to have you back, RP.Mohawk
46 pound a month is pure THEFT! LOL
I know that I have a blatantly Dutch name, (which is because I am Dutch, surprising how that works), which lends me a little less credence, but I swear down that the onboard and telemetry for Checo’s Monaco crash does look really suspicious, especially when compared with Checo’s previous laps and other drivers. I’m not saying he did crash on purpose, but I’m not saying he didn’t either. And as for Ted Kravitz, he’s been saying much more than just the robbed thing. He’s been having digs at Max and Red Bull all season, and he’s to thank for the Yuki crashgate conspiracy theory at the Dutch GP. The hate for him is ridiculous but, well, he does ride Lewis dick a lot.
As a dutch person I can tell you that Tom Coronel is one of Max biggest fanboys, and nobody in the country believes “De Telegraaf” 😂
Right or wrong, pedo jokes are a bit too sketchy lad.
Abu Dhabi 2021 was a strategy failure for Mecedes.  Verstappen wanted the most wins designation this season.
Dutch journalist say Perez " admitted " doing that crash.  Mf became Minister of Defense on Abu Dhabi 2021 to let Verstappen win WC title.
So the diagram still works verstapen shagers are nobs on social media mercedes wins team lh are nobs on social media and lewis has da dnf
Perez clearly did purposely crash... It's one of the worst things you can do and in the past has resulted in permanent bans. No go kart cadet would ever mash the throttle mid corner liek that and do nothing to correct it.
As an American F1 fan, I would rather listen to this man talk about F1 rather than what anyone on American sports stations say about F1. Please keep up the good work!
If this guy goes with Big Lizzie then we will lose the most objective and undeniably least biased F1 channel.
i do believe the fella at 6:23 is referring to Ted having said something along the lines of 'verstappen can't seem to win a championship in a normal way' in the Ted's notebook episode
Totally understand your frustration... Susan Boyle was robbed in BGT.  THROW....THEM....IN....JAIL!
It isn’t a conspiracy, take a look at the data and judge it yourself. It clearly shows him dumping the gas up to around 80% for a short period of time and this was BEFORE he even reached the apex. On his other laps he didn’t even touch the throttle until AFTER the apex and went on throttle smoothly. Also when he “spun” he didn’t even try to correct it by countersteering 😂
I don’t know anything about F1, but I watch all your videos for the humor
The fact that he takes the piss with everything and everyone is making this gold every time!
I watch an embarrassing amount of Youtube content. Your videos are one of the very few things that make me laugh out loud. Make. More.
😂😂😂
🤔
Can you please upload more often. I love your videos
beautifully done!
The outro with the nuke is fitting.
We need proof you're wearing ankle socks..
I’m just gonna rewatch every video every weekend until March
Punk is visiting the Circus
George Russell isn't even safe till the end of the video, I'm crying in laughter so hard man 😂😂😂😂😂😂  Almost peed myself.
9:10-9:11 damn…
These need to be an hour long and on mainstream prime time telly  Ted kravits and you riding about on a tandem explaining the weeks news 😂
YES
As a verstappen fan I keep a ten foot pole between me and Instagram
That that Dutch newspaper is "De telegraaf" is the 4th and biggest red flag of them all.
You should check out r/formuladank
When I was a kid, I didn't even know or care where my own parents worked, much less where other kids' parents worked. So Karen Horner can save that BS.
What  if we just leave the past behind?
Too bad op didnt check the data. Its true, Perez did indeed crash on purpose... Also disappointed with the OP being an obvious HAM fanboy. Unsubbed.
where the fuck were u for 3 weeks my life revolves around ur savagery
Tom Coronel is perhaps the worst person related to F1 in the Netherlands. The guy produces more shit than an entire African village suffering from dysentery.
Calling Tom Coronel a pundit is like calling a turd a master pastry chef’s wedding cake.
You know the drama is packed when Rocketpoweredmohawk doesn't even get to mention the hate crime of George Russell winning a race this season before Lewis Hamilton.
We all know Ted Kravits is fucking unhinged but how dare RB for boycotting Sky over something as small as that, shame on the Verstappen Instagram stans aswell. No need for all this. #JusticeforKravits
Waited for a new post, so excited to see it today.
Any chance the Abu Dhabi video will be out before the start of next season?
In alison's defence Her user name is sassy alison I wouldn't expect nothing less from here.
Now I'm looking forward to the video on the Dubai race. Red Bull managed to fuck Perez again, but this time they used the smallest violin they could find before doing the honours.   I know I'm a dumbass but why don't we make the world champ start at the back of the pack after they've won the world championship part way through the year? At least that way other people get the chance to fight at the front because they actually have something to lose.   Also, why the fuck is the world cup in Qatar this year? Who thought that would be a good idea? Imagine telling brits they can't drink abroad
Took you long enough. Kidding, great video
Never misses a shot 🤣 fantastic.
KarenHorner 😂
I thought you hada nervous breakdown watching stroll doing some masterclass moves :))
im convinced this guy lives a month behind all of us
Fucking hell mate. It's been 12 hours already. When's the next video?
To partially cover your losses caused by Russell
Your videos are some of the few on YouTube that still make me laugh uncontrollably IRL  top quality stuff keep it up
This my first video of this channel! You are hilarious bro. Subscribed
I absolutely love the "are you ready for the ..." line
so he's just gonna cut away the part where max admits that he crashed into hamilton on purpose, just great
Best fucking F1 content on youtube
Damn the Dutch media made the British media look great
Did you see the telemetry for checo when he crashed? I have and he went instant full throttle at the apex of the turn. Sorry but it was deliberate. He applied the throttle so much earlier and faster than the previous times.
Honestly watching Checos crash in Monaco do look like it was on purpose. No one punches the throttle mid corner that hard idk.
dONT sTEEL mY fONT aRSE
I generally support Max Verstappen but maaaan that was a dirty fucking move
This is just too perfect.. LMFAO
A that’s what she said joke, I see your a well cultured man
12:08  Can confirm I am JFK
..and now Leclerc "won" the second place in the championship, next video & next season will be interesting. Still, I'm worried I'm going to get kidney stones from all the salty goodness, but it's like crisps, I'm addicted. It's like twitter but without losing (too much) faith in humanity. It's the difference between those vinegar Lay's and licking the road in the winter after the truck spilled some salt. Both are unhealthy but at least the first one tastes good.
Clearly Perez crashed deliberately
Perez should move on and thank redbul for reciting his carrer .
If anyone at Sky F1 should be sacked it’s The nine year old David Croft.
Christian Horner is whingeing, again, and again, and again. His team cheated. If you can’t handle the time don’t do the crime.
MCLAREN  Where actually caught cheating and fined 100m . Ferrari got caught inserting an extra fuel pipe into there engine. That is literally the definition of cheating . Skype can't stop talking about Lewis Hamilton and how he has been cheated . Every minute of every day for the last year . Mercedes have been funding their  whole team on stolen funds from the biggest  ponzi scheme in history.  Why is f1 being used for money laundering .!
Just commenting for the Youtube algorithm so that Youtube cannot deny this amazing content.
These videos are better than the races themselves
You are probably the only non-biased F1 journalist on the planet
Tunnels under the factory in Milton Keynes leading all the way to Epstein island. i spat coffee over my desk
Good to see another person that's completely done with fucking Abu Dhabi 2021.
The best way to enjoy F1 is not be be a fan of anyone or any team, but to just let all the dumb fuckery and chaos develop.
Well tbf to the crash theory. The telemetry of it looks extremely wierd, Checo went 100% throttle for a little bit mid corner. And the dutch reporter is actually a credible source. But i guess we will never know
this is what peak sports journalism looks like. Take notes Sky Sports
I’d be surprised if you didn’t have to change some of the images in this video and have to reupload 😂
Another banger as always (I'm gonna ignore that you said verstappen driving into Hamilton is Hamilton's fault) always look forward to your content. Looking forward to the next one!
"obviously Hamilton fault"... dont think so lol max confessed he did it on purpose
About fuxking time, much appreciated
This might be your funniest video yet mate, pretty much had me constantly giggling like a little school girl when her dodgy uncle touches her
Well done man!!! Hope to see some commentary during the off season, I would love to hear your opinion of the great team mate Verstappen what a dickhead! Get F1 TV PRO it totally smokes SKY F1 and their bumbling idiots.
Christians talking bollocks mate….. Bullies….. bitch please
I'm pleasantly surprised by the lack of over defensive Verstappen fans in this comment section.
Russell didn’t crash the crypto market. The crypto market turned into him.
Been waiting for this video. Another video from our legend
Bernie Ecclestone said the social media would divide the sport and paint it in a bad light….. the old boy knew what he was on about!
Lads, you need to open your eyes and look at the bigger picture. F1 only exists for this content to be created! We need to know why RPM exists!
Finally discovery a F1crap channel that's worth seeing. Thank you.
Love your channel, funny and I learn hahaha
Nice work Fanny-head. I always knew George Russell was dodgy.. but couldn’t put my finger in it … of course he caused the crypto crash! 🤷🏼‍♂️ It all makes sense now!
You didn't swear down on your nan's grave. Wtf is up with that?
Mate, this is deadly YouTube content. Thank fuck there are still lads like you. Cheers
“It’s 2022. Ever heard of a Fax Machine”😅😅😅😅. Some kids now days wouldn’t know what that is😂😂
THE ENDING
Best video yet in my opinion RPM
f1 manager 22 would make u explode while covering all the bullshit that is going on in this game
I hate what is happening to f1  like why we’ll the season is over so drop the shit waait for next season and enjoy that there racing
🔥🔥🔥
Little rule of thumb with Tom Coronel  everything that man says is utter bullshite Tom is the self appointed max verstappen fanclub president. Also the telegraaf is more of a fantasy paper then something that actually reports facts.
Are you gonna return to your predictions?
You forgot red flag #4; Tom Coronel is a bit of an insufferable wank
Horner the fork tongue c**t
How did you go through the entire episode without mentioning Stroll’s attempted murder of both of his team-mates, present and future? You should consider doing a Stroll special every now and then 😁
dude, I fucking love your videos!
"normal way" in quotes means having an*l sex. ... Trust me I'm a normal person.
Best F1 content across all social media! Sky F1 need to give you a weekly section !
Man this video should be 40 mins long after a 3 week wait🤣🤣 the banter is top tier
Man, I don't know how manages to top every episode! 😂😂😂
Rip your £20, shoutout to its family!
I do miss it a bit when he covered the races more, I miss the stroll and Latifi slander
JUSTICE FOR SUSAN BOYLE!!!
Oh Jesus. Well I'm not a fan of Ted Kravitz either, but I'm not a mentalist. I'm not gonna go to his instagram and blow up his latest, old post, I don't care. There's other things to do. He's bri'ish and Hamilton is bri'ish, so what do you expect. Of course they're gonna lick his ass, it's what they do. Typical bri'ish propaganda. They are lizards. Just like the Sky Sports christmas ad, showing Max's crash, it's what they do. Don't give them the attention, don't scoop down to TeamLH levels.
I think it is strange that RB would tell Perez of this deal several laps before the finish,  but Max hadn't been made aware of this deal until turn 8 in the last lap. Dick Move by Max? Probably. Poorly managed by RB? Definitely.
Perfection
The last part about crypto hit too close to home 😂 Lost around $40
As max fan was I not disappointed that max didn’t win
12:28 watching through again and noticed a small detail I missed first time. Michael Masi behind the queen
Christian definitely won F1 2022 whaddadouche
My man, you are definitely red pilled and it’s absolutely hilarious!! 🤣🤣 Red Bull factory with tunnels to Epstein Island 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Look at the data from perez final q3 lap
Ankle socks bitch, you better go buy them right fucken now 🤣
As a Ferrari fan, my metamorphosis into a  cold, emotionless beetle was almost complete, BUT THEN i saw this video and I recovered the ability of laughing. Nice one mate, keep it up!
This was great as usual ankle sock man
Still more accurate than any other F1 reporting. M8 if you had a channel covering every race live, I still wouldn't pay 46 quid a month, but maybe 45.
9/11 joke at 9:11 XD
When the most nuanced F1 commentator on Youtube is a guy that makes pedophile jokes and holocaust comparisons, it tells all you need to know about F1 social media.
Maybe good to mention that the Dutch newspaper ‘de Telegraaf’ is basically a tabloid read by idiots. So don’t take it too seriously. Tom Coronel just likes attention and will yell anything he read on the gas station bathrooms on his way to the ego-trip that are his appearances on Viaplay.
I love Susan Boyle
Christian Horner is a nob who's got no sense of humor. As much as I hate it agreeing with him tho, I do find it a bit sus that seemingly everyone in the paddock knew they breached the cost cap.   Still a nob tho.
My father in law grew up next door to Paul Di Resta's dad, they're still in touch. If you'd like any message passing along, let me know.
So teamLH is the worse on Twitter and Verstappen fans are the worst on Instagram…  Make sense
It's pretty funny to watch all this unfold when you're a Williams fan
11:00 It coming from De Telegraaf shows more red flags then Imola quali
Rocket went from Ted Kravitz to "Red Bull is the face of a global nonce network headed by the Queen who is still alive" in 5 minutes. Respect the grind.
I can’t help you think that you look a tiny bit like Max Verstappen.
The "normal way" part was something that krawitz(hope om not butchering the name) said during his rant about max. He said something like "max can't seem to win the championship in a normal way." That why the thing with the thing.
I feel like I'm watching F1 so I can appreciate your videos more
I absolutely love your videos knackers I’m in tears of laughter keep up the good work😂😂😂
mate, just watch the channel four highlights. sure, its not live, but no ted kravitz or paul diresta, instead actually *good* pundits, and you don't have to watch the races at a stupid time in the morning
I love how this channel went from race recaps to conspiracy theories and I'm all here for it. the arguments on the internet are the main event and the races just happen in the background.
Calling "de Telegraaf" and Tom Coronel Dutch Media is really generous.
u gonna wear ankle high socks now?
Swear on me nan i been checking your channel after every race and just when I gave up hope there it is. Noice.
Get them anklesocks on boyo!
I did not have crypto market update on my RPM bingo card. Not gonna lie
😂 So it seems all drivers are pretty much toxic, I'll just keep watching for the shit show 😂
If you don’t start making more videos, I’m going to join F1 Twitter out of spite! Hop to it
I just can't with these extremist f1 fans 😂 Jumping from hate wagon to hate wagon looking to harass ppl for minimal reasons. Luckily this community makes sense for the most part and can take a joke, keep it up!
What is your favourite team and driver?
Inb4 RPM get banned by CIA-MI6-GIGN joint operation there is one thing to say, love you man.
so... when's the next video?
How are the ankle socks?
God damn i was starting to worry the covetable curse got you
Oi, what makes you think you can only post one video per month?! You missed 3 GPs....been refreshing your channel like a twat every 2 min.
Never thought I would see that idiot Coronel in your video... We hate him in the Netherlands too. Too big mouth that guy..
The monaco conspiracy will forever remind me why F1 fans and media are complete shit. Thank you mohawk for doing the lord's work
Evryone got robbed by watching F1 tv with their operators.
Bro just skipped US and Mexican GP reviews. 🤣
I remember before the Mexican GP people were saying “oh I wonder if Max will let Checo win in front of his home crowd”   He wouldn’t even give him 6th in Brazil 🤣
Hahahaha, briljant again 😂 was waiting too long for your video.
12:32 is comedy gold. “Ted Kravitz” just sent me into laughter
Mate i'm looking forward to these videos more than the F1 shitfest
Briljant, but I’m missing the lizards.
Kravitz also said Hamilton was the real champion in 2007, the difference is Kimi fans don't give a shit
Sanest F1 "fan"
every single day i checked your channel to see if you posted and now when you did i wasnt dissapointed. your content is like crack cocaine.
Good story, almost the same as the British media, not a red flag but a red Sky….
Why is this comment section full of RPM shaggers?  DIS GUS TING
Max is a secret Leclerc fan who wanted him to get second
I have the title for the Abu Dhabi 2022 video:  Why Hamilton is still being robbed from luck 😂
Yeah the 1 year anniversary of the AD 2021, big party because of the faces of the so called British LH supporters. Perhaps the best sight I ever seen, next year the 2nd anniversary of this great day!
Team LH are mentally ill, Verstappen shaggers are twats. Me as a Mick fan, when I listened to the team radio when they didn't allow him to do donuts "WHY??????????".
Never disappoints 👍
Why do you hate dutch people 😢😢😢😢 I am dutch and Tom coronel is nice
Later than danny rics move on Tsunoda fuck me
Yes
I think this video is very very jewseE 😂
Enjoy your ankle socks 😌😌😌😌😌😌
"Fucking finally..."          - Kimi Räikkönen
Where them Ankle Socks
You are boring and annoying
What I’ll miss most until the 2023 season are these videos 😭
Finally
brave scottish man goes above and beyond 420p
i know life exists but i enjoy your videos a lot and wish there was more of them
Hell yeah, more RPM stuff, just love it man. I already dread this long winter without F1 and of course without RPM. Which f*cking tard arranges a world cup in the winter, you have to be real backwards to come up with BS like that.
THROW. HIM. IN. JAIL.
So you're gonna wear ankle socks whole year now?
Lol just.   Laugh my fucking ass off, what a season.. Your videos are amazing..
EPIC! LEGEND!
Always great content, I discovered this channel recently and have been watching every single video on repeat However, Looks like you might need to stock up on some ankle socks
Dutch media is the biggest bullshit on the planet. Greetings a Dutch fan 😂
Those people who threaten others are not the real fans.... They're just here for the drama. I think it's a lot like the Dutch soccer fans (or, they're the same people) who just pick a team and Fight everyone who doesn't agree with their opinion on that team and the team can do nothing wrong and is absolutely amazing....  Like going to Rome and destroying and old water fountain... Or fighting so hard with other radicals they sometimes accidently unalive eachother... Now the fight is digital however so they gonna have to be extreme otherwise they won't get their attention
Bruh.... I've been having a pretty shitty time these last few days and your video made my life EXACTLY 69% better.
Just the best there is! Keep it up!
Ted being used as the scapegoat for what a very large percentage of the F1 community thinks is hilarious
Are we gonna pretend that first "Verstappen Shagger" comment on Instagram didn't have Lewis Hamilton as pp. Also vocabulary is 100% of teamLH guys. I wouldn't be suprised if those are troll accounts of teamLH making this drama as always.
Calling 'De Telegraaf' a 'reputable newspaper' is like calling Fox News an 'unbiased source'. Whoever decided that their coverage of the conspiracy meant it was true must live in opposite day.
imagine thinking TeamLH are more toxic than CultMV on f1twt...
Some of the verstappen shaggers are right, but then they come up with death threats which are always an idiot move
£46 a month is indeed theft.
Okay you have to give us more content during the winter break. We demand it.
Thanks for pointing out the two lunatics on the Dutch side. Coronel sees conspiracies against Max at every corner and Van Haren works for a tabloid akin to the Daily Mail.
You never disappoint on content
How do you find this shite.. Ted's insta.. Wtf
This man must be protected at all costs for he is the one that will bring peace to the f1 community
1:10 I like how Brown literally just sat there and did nothing. Oh and F1TV is much cheaper, I got mine for a year for around 40 bucks.
youre my favorite youtube channel
I think that we will talk about Abu Dabi 2021 until Hamilton and Verstappen stays in F1 xD
Fucking brilliant man
Brad Pitt is gonna play as lewis hamilton. This race switch is probably no one will be against.
Crash was verstappens fault but continue
Then demonstrate fair and square Christian
this channel is the best thing that happened since abu dhabi 2021. I can't believe I just found this out today! I just binged the whole fucking channel! 😆
Any video with a "THATS WHAT SHE SAID" is elite
no single word about Russell winning Brazil. Love it, tastes like a nice Latte.
Poor Lenny Kravitz didn't deserve this. Shout out to his family.
just gold content. love it.
This video is great as usual but it surfers one Great flaw, where is the GOATifi reference??
you know what this isnt the first time youtube has recommended your videos yet every time i watch one i end up thinking this guys a complete and utter tool
I would pay double Sky's subscription if you were an F1 commentator.
Best gear on YouTube!!
'Of respected dutch title de Telegraaf' hahahahaha
Bro pleaseeee upload more your content is gold.
Didn't get caught by CIA
You should look up Tim Dillon on YouTube if you like this kind of content 😂
A yes, the Jeffery springer show of F1
I thought you got a bit carried away towards the end, but then realised.....you are absolutely right. PS: Can you do some World Cup banter? Please do a World Cup series.
Sooo. Whats left to say?  Max Verstappen was an inside Job, created by christian horner a deacde before he started ruling Red Bull.
I’m taking Abu Dhabi to the grave. You will hear no peace 😂
Ah yes, love a few conspiracies sprinkled in with F1 content. Keep it up you madman, hope to see more of your content through the year :)
LMFAO those Alex Jones clips were gold
11:11 it doesn't get any more patriotic than that 🥲🇳🇱
Conspiracies abound!
Thank you for your service,  sir!  I love your videos.
Can we get a world cup review too.
So we'll get the next video in January?🤣
The Max shaggers on Insta are actually appalling
Absolutely no fans from any team should get mad at Mohawkman, except breakdance group fans, they won it fair and square so fck you mohawkguy.
Robbed isn't the only thing Kravitz said that hurt the shaggers. He also said that Max won 2022 only because he had a fast car.
I laughed so hard I got cancer..  fairplay
As a Verstappen shagger I can't believe I've never heard crymilton before. Amazing video and I've loved the whole season watching you.
I love how y went from talking about f1 drama to bitcoin LMAO anyways ted is a arsehole and should be fired 🙏
5:35 that's what she said
NOT THE PRINCE ANDREW CLIP 🤣
yaaaaay another video! always looking forward to them! keep it up!
Sky F1 should hire you 😅
The part where Kravitz said Max's success was all because Newey built a car was the last nail in the coffin, Checo did fuck it into the barrier on purpose and Russell did the same thing Friday in Brazil, so, they're Both CIA agents and Lewis and Max are their control agents. It's all a conspiracy led by lizard people through Christian Horner and you're the best thing on YouTube right now, so make more videos you bastard!
oh yes baby! after such a finale we needed your video to complement this season!
this channel  made me watch F1 again.
Funny thing is…Lewis was actually robbed…hence they did an investigation…and massi was fired…simple
Great video as always!
Love your videos man
Horner is acting like he's never accused another team of cheating 😂.
#neverforget #susanalbumparty
I thought Ted was the only guy crying this year 👌🏻
Best f1 show in the world    .
What about Lance stroll attempted murder on Fernando Alonso?
😂😂😂 everything about this is so funny and I hope your content blows up in the f1 community soon
George Russel owes me $50!
So thier kids go to schools together twats
The only thing this video is missing is some PDR slander
Even as a max fan, they're bonkers on Ted's page💀
You continue to improve. I shudder to think how good the content will be by winter testing.
Thank rice can finally take a break from gettin pissed on.  The truth is too much Russell can’t keep gettin away with it and that is the most beautiful fuckin voice I’ve ever heard.
Of course it's cheating and Red Bull should be expelled permanently from F1. everyone knows that eating gourmet food gives you a competitive edge over the guys who have to eat fast food... Honestly, so much noise because of a small xtra spending on catering?!! Really?!! Catering?! The complaints ans schemes went all the way down to catering?!! What's next? complaining because your rivals have a better bathroom than yours?!! for f sakes... I would understand the complaints if red bull had overspend with their car or in development, but catering (to be honest, in my opinion catering expenses shouldnt be part of the budget cap and teams should be able to feed their emplyees as they see fit. The budget cap should only include expenses which are directcly related to the competition and not inclkude simple things which have no impact on the competition, like food)?!!
HES BACK
Bro who even talks about that shit anymore
Why does everything have to do with Ferrari fucking up a pit stop. That seems suspect
4:26 best joke yet
Another banger as always, completely worth the wait.
THE NERVE TO MAKE US WAIT! What a lad though. Taking the piss out of everyone
Funniest video yet.
Love it, as always. Mate, you should be replacing that useless POS Will Buxton on the horror that is Netflix’s DTS series.
Thx !
Ladies and gentlemen The King Is Back
Where’s the ankle socks my guy
Did not disappoint.
Thats a fucking PogChamp
These videos are singlehandedly keeping my interest in F1 alive.
Just found this channel and I F’n love it!!
Thats all the beef between checo and max? O hell nah, you can have a full legnth youtube video with all that happend between them
Got another sub bro! Much love from Las Vegas
george russell = susan boyel?
New RPM rant. Can't wait!
Podcast. Please do a podcast.
Didn't Ted Kravitz  or Martin Brundle comment on the unfair advantage gained by breaching the cost cap....
This man is a genius. Never stop doing this videos please. :D
You need to be a forever F1 commentator, push out Crofty for good so we all can hear you say it’s lights out. Also, Perez finishing 3rd in the championship, SHOUT OUT TO HIS FAMILY
Im a 🇺🇸 RedBull/ Max fan and liked 99% of this except the use of the 911 pictures . No banter or humor in any of that IMO just disrespecting all those that were lost that day and the ones we are still loosing from it !
This is worth the wait. Can't wait for the season finale.
Y does nobody use f1 tv it’s much cheaper and the crash was a racing incident
Pure. Gold.
Absolut banger vid !
“HIS WORDS.”  Stick that on a T-Shirt and you’ve got some spicy merch. Just please don’t have the nerve to charge as much as a Ferrari hat the fucking thieving bastards.
You are easily the best God damn thing about F1 right now and it's not even close lol,  keep it up bro!
Your videos are always... enlightening LOL!
Banger, can’t wait til it gets nuked for 10.000 reasons
Im absolutely in love with these videos man! This is just perfection!
I absolutely love this, it's one of the few things I have to look forward too! You definitely don't get this kind of content on wtf1 😂  Thanks for making me forget for 15 mins!!!
Who uses a fax machine? It's 2022 lol
its like 9/11 allover again when you upload. Idk if that's a compliment or not but its something
So… when’s the next one? 😂😂😂
The nerve of this guy to release delayed content and then expected me to drop everything in my life and put it on pause while I watch. I can't believe it. Also, looking forward to the season recap 👀
Long delays between uploads ? Totally worth it when its this good, oh my days 😆 best way to end a rough week and kick off the next. Sadly the world is too soft for this sort of humor nowadays and there's not too many of us to have this channel blow up to the highest end. I really hope that's not the case cause jee you sure as hell deserve it
Fun as always
new here, love the content and the accent!
I don’t even watch F1, I saw a clip of you on a random social platform and I am now addicted. Hope to see you do bits through out the off-season.
Just started watching the video and I'm confident in saying that RPM will not say a single negative thing about Pual Di Resta. 👍👍
George russell didn't crash the crypto market. Crypto market just fully turned in on him
Is your Nan ok? You didn’t swear on her grave once this video
The good thing that came out of the redbull skysports boycott is even Cholesterol Croft has now stopped talking about Abu Dhabi and safety cars. Hope his wife gets done by everybody who presses the red button as a sky Q or sky glass customer, in the "normal way"!!!
Man I've been waiting for this, what a pile of shite that crashgate theory is. I'm so glad this season is finally over and let's hope the next have actual fights on the track and not outside it specially in social media
I genuinely love these videos 😂🤣 almost as much as i love winding uo the braindead verstappen shaggers and braindead merc fans 😂🤣
this ''we're still talkin about abu 2021'' complaint is like complaining that we still talk about WW1/WW2...
Your newest magnum opus.
Absolutely love this lad
The most British thing Zak Brown has ever said hahaha
This shit is an absolute clusterfuck masterpiece.
RMP to replace Ted Kravitz at sky in 2023
Will you be doing a 2022 season recap???
5:49 That seatbelt is abysmal lol my buddy's old 1983 Dodge Ram pickup had seatbelts like that, and it had at least 300k miles on the clock, and the electrical system held together with tape and willpower.
Hey, just wanted to say that your content is absolutely amazing. Quite frankly one of the funniest guys on youtube and and the F1 scene. Cannot wait to see where your youtube channel goes in the future. Cheers man!
I really needed this 😂😢😅😮🎉❤
Paid more attention to these highlights than the official or serious ones this year since Im an endurance aut*st who enjoys watching racecars emulate motorway traffic, love the content, love the humor, absolutely brilliant
So in short: Team Max prefers IG to twitter, Russell torpedoed bitcoin, Verstappen broke his biggest supporter’s legs, a Karen haircut looks shockingly fitting on Horney Spice, racing fuel can’t melt steel beams, and Red Bull are responsible for the Lolita underground.
As a Merc fan and a Lewis fan, this year has been tough to say the least, but your content has made me appreciate just how much of a goat Nicholas latifi is.
Ankle socks for you Also, shoutout to her family and swear down on me nans grave counter for this video was 0 ☹️
I need more. I got fever and the only prescription is a mohawk.
The king has returned
Formuladank and Rocketpoweredmohawk should somehow throw together an annual
F1 recaps don’t get better than this.
Finally 😂
This is just art. People need this in their lives
Not the kids!!!
I love this channel pls dont wait 103 days to do another video we have a full off season
I think F1 twitter is such a treat. I love people being pathetic little clowns over their favorite driver. I still think Lewis was robbed, but if he moved on, his fanbase should too. As for Max stans... well, I wish all of them could just blow up. That may allow good karma with heavens and the good energy for the stars to allign, so that Leclerc win a championship.
Now I can have a great week off after seeing this video.  Thanks for your all the work you do.
Holy shit I don't believe viaplay fucked up so badly that they started a war on social media. I know that the content they create is pure shit, seriously we sync up other radio commentary and mute the tv level of shit commentary. But this is some unpresidented fuckery. I love it.
ankle socks
Hey RPM I absolutely love your videos and so happy you made a new one Had a bad day especially because seb is gone :( Much appreciate all your content
HornDog and MaxiPad were made for each other. Both trolls and winey little bitches
Love this shit. Hopeing you do rage against on these last couple races. Keep it up during the off season.
Bro you're a legit comedy genius, you have the patience to wait it all out, observe, and then do what you do to make it funny, so so good, much respect 👌
Never have I ever clicked a video so fast at the notification. You didn't disappoint. Thank you for making this whole season bearable and entertaining for us, Lord knows SOMEONE has to ❤️
glad you cleared all that up
Man I would listen to you comment on anything else apart from F1 too. I think your sense of humour is much needed on the amount of shit that's happening around the world recently. Highly entertaining content! Great video as always.
Happy to see you back, but did you have to hit RB so hard, you know my country is still in shock over the dead of our Don, our Ceasar, our Napoleon, our Wellington, our beloved Dietrich Mateschitz, Inventor, McMoneysack and sponsor of tastless shit, like crap arts, master of our cowpiss which the world loves and kills more athlets than pigs-testosterone.  Good to see you back and I hope your aneurisma is repairable and all the best for the winter brake. Happy X-mas and a happy new Year. Can't wait to see you again next year. Luv U and your channel. And be honest has anyone found a straight note in the dutch hymn? Let it sound like an accident, our hymn is not the greatest but it has a bit of a melody. Its always a relief after that dutch crash, boom, bang, baby, baby, schacka-lacka...
Finally a video
I’m polish and I’m shame toto
subbed at 45 seconds
Not you I’m talking about toto half polish blood shit
I love the chaos of these vids it makes me laugh so hard please continue to make content in the off season
I have been waiting for your post for weeks thank you
amazing
He made it good.
Max he is fucking basted  that’s we love him ❤
You are the fackin best! Please do vids during the off season
RocketPoweredMohawk for King of England
The fact that Ted looks like a happy little turtleman makes this so much worse, he doesn’t deserve this
Top tier journalism here
Helmut and Hillary both start with H. Pizza and Marko both have 5 letters. Hillary lead a peadough ring fronted by a pizza shop. Confirmed.
That was simply incredible
Good video, but could have used more anti-Canadian content #AdoptLanceStroll
Only a single actual death threat? They're keeping it classy.
you open your eyes and do research before you blaster this crap and i tell you if you got something against us dutch and you want some shit coming you can have it
everyone gonna miss you for 4 bloody months mate, enjoy your break
So what colour are the ankle socks going to be?
I've been so looking forward to this video 😂👌
Who uploads this late into the night...THE NERVE!!!
I don’t even watch or like F1 but I cannot help love it when I watch your videos 😂
Red Bull Stole money from The Queen that could have saved her life since The Queen was going to found out Verstappen was an inside job during you know. And it was Mick Schumacher as a baby trying to do his best Latifi Abu Dhabi impression by flying a plane into the pentagon. Abu Dhabi next year will be the new you know what and Jos Verstappen will be the Pilot with Latifi which is why Williams fired him. Sergio Perez crashed on purpose at Monaco as an CIA Agent to prevent Verstappen winning extra race win prize money which was going to be used as a bullet plane which can go 600mph into 10 towers in once like Bowling . So thanks CIA Agent Sergio Perez
This guy doesn’t miss!
Fully agree, the earth is flat.
Love it
i want to see does anckle socks
Just got off work started to eat and I see there is a new rocket powered Mohawk video my night is made
The bit at 9:11 is perfect
i was honestly getting worried that something happened since you hadnt uploaded in a while, glad to see youre on your A game as always, another fuckin hilarious video man
I'm a Max fan and I love this stuff! great video!
Please NEVER stop making vids
I fucking love your videos so much they make my day
The whole red bull thing between verstappen and checo just shows how childish max truly is. He crashes into people who don't move for him, but then expects everyone else to break to avoid a collision. Max is truly a trash person who will literally complain about everything and spin it to where he is the victim. Which ,makes since considering his fanbase. He 100% relied on miachel massive for his 1st win and it entirely went to his head.
Oh god as soon as Epstein was mentioned I fucking lost it 😂 I pray that this video stays up
Hopefully this video doesn’t get taken done. Another classic my man
13:57 "Kravitz is now in witness protection" what they don't want you to know is that Michael Masi is secretly training Kravitz to become the new racing director under the FIA Formula One secret training program called "Operation Masi 2.0"
It's a great time to become a Ferrari fan guys. We aint winning shit but we can at least suffer in peace
NOT BEFORE LIGHTS OUT. AND YOU SWORE ON YOUR NANS BUIRAL GROUND!
Yo mohawk, you said before the race!! what time do you call this??  Love the content brotha
This is a lot for 1am 🤯
Unparalleled research - stunning insights - AND, prudent deployment of the seatbelt - if The RPM gets any greater, I’ll have to switch to decaf. Crack on, ya magnificent bastard!!!👍🇺🇸😁
perez stepped on the accellerator as we was turning, there’s a video that shows the data but i don’t believe all that bs around it
I was starting to worry #teamLH had abducted you! Protect this man at all costs.
You seriously gave me blue balls for not uploading these past few weeks but finally A NEW VIDEO!!!!!!
after crying my ass off w all the vettel shit, this is just what i need
Finally, Someone made sense of this hole mess. Thank You. We love you,  but you forgot to mention Max's mum calling out the Mexican for cheating on his wife! Another twist in the ass!!!! Please team up with Ted next year on The Notebook. It would be great!
The GOAT has posted
i get happier when you upload than when i upload
Neither Mercedes nor Ferrari want to pursue an investigation onto checo’s crash :) just sayin
A nice latte for me please
I didnt like what Ted said as much as the next guy, (felt it was a sore topic, especially with how social media blows anything out of proportion), but going for his innocent instagram? The shagging goes crazy, and im a certified Max rider.
This video went out after Goatifi's final race and quitting F1? COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT! OPEN YOUR EYES SHEEPLE! RPM IS LATIFI, THE QUEEN IS STILL ALIVE, AND AND JET FUEL CAN'T MELT LADY DIANA!
Fuck every other F1 youtube channel this is where the real shit is at.
Never thought I’d see Ted Kravitz’s Cornwall picture and Susan Boyle in the same video - fucking superb as always 😂😂😂🚬
again, 10/10 video🤣🤣🤣🤣
First time I watch your channel an you already gain a new subsciber. Excellent comments and great edition. A very funny and clear way to express what many F1 fans beleive. Congrats
LH crashed crypto
Maintaining political impartiality by slagging everyone off equally >>>>>
JOURNALISM
I need you to explain in a video the McLaren spygate please! It would be funny asf, specially now that there aren't any more races until next year.
The only YouTuber that I send bulk notifications out to my friends when a new show is released
This imposter didn't swear down on his nan's grave. Please release the real Rocketpoweredmohawk, we know he's still trapped in Helmut Marko's basement.
the d*ckriding of f1 drivers is out of control. yeah, they have incredible skills. no, they are not messiahs
LOL  great one man!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Epic meltdown!!!!
George Russell crashed the crypto market. Meanwhile George Russell: The crypto market turned in on me. Crikey.
F1 would not be the same without this channel. Protect RPM at all costs.
Ye I know I just finished watching it I'm gonna watch it again what of it
1:13/1:52 Ferrari fans this season
One problem, you didn't blame the stock market crash on Nicolas Latifi...
"Things got a bit spicy" 0:32 Perfect encapsulation of this entire season on top of poor Ferrari strategy this entire season if you can even call it that and Horner openly slaying Brown over the fire with those perfectly roasted defamations.
That’s the best f1 content I’ve seen in months 😂
ANKLE SOCKS
#maxvackstappen
Went to brush my teeth before bed while watching this, nearly choked on fucking mouthwash when you brought up Su Bo. What a voice
The occasional spirals into deranged and unrelated conspiracist ramblings this man segues into so abruptly have me both concerned for his well-being and simultaneously rolling on my floor gasping for breath.
I want The type of drugs he has
Fucking hell m8, you should present the 8 o'clock news.
Good shit man I was waiting and waiting for this video keep it up
Data APPARENTLY shows that checo floored it mid corner at monaco when he wasn’t supposed to but “APPARENTLY”
Rocketpoweredmohawk - the best thing to come out of a mediocre F1 season  Hope you do an end of year review, your season predictions were oddly prescient considering how unhinged they were
Hi, I think I may be mentally ill enough to understand the comment at 6:20 but my understanding of it makes the whole comment hilariously ironic. It's hilariously ironic because I believe that while that person is trying to horribly insult Ted Kravitz, they're not prepared to be non-pc enough on public social media so they wanted to clarify, that in this hypothetical scenario, where the wife of Ted Kravitz is getting shagged by another man, it is at least happening consensually i.e. "the normal way".
I am so glad you are back, love this video
Commenting for visibility. We need more views to get more content
I have been waiting for this for a whole week
I’m disappointed. Not a single swear down to me Nan’s grave.
Dude you’re the best out there
dont think it was "last summer" it sounds like "last time" to me
Best F1 Channel
#susanboyledidnothingwrong
RIP FTX shout out to ur family
In monaco, Max wasn't even happy about 3 place. after celebrating after the race.
In the words of Kimi Raikkonen at COTA 2018, fucking finally.
Hope you enjoy the socks you agreed to wear lmao
You kinda did a dirty there and covered 3 races into one. Burt I'll let it slide..... this time xD
Please make a season reflection that would be incredible to watch 🤣🤣 love the content
Brilliant! keep on taking the  piss😂😂😂😂
I don't even watch F1, but this hilarious
Yeah you need to reupload, there’s no “i swear down on my nan’s grave” when buckling the seatbelt
🫡🚀
I was blind but now I see, I see everything. EVERYTHING   I fucking love theses videos, shit is too funny mate
It only took 3 weeks for a new video.  Your other job must be paying you pretty good. 😂
Skyglass and SkyQ customers, press your RPM button on YouTube to get the TRUTH behind F1.    RPM continues to be the voice of the one crying out in the wilderness.  What he's saying makes more sense as anything that the Official State Run F1 Media says.
wont be long until he reaches a million subscribers
Too short video mate for all this wait :( Your content needs to be after every race or a 2-3 race summary / topic summary in 20+ minutes. You're too funny.
Why the F haven't I found your channel until now?! God this was amazing. Gonna watch it again tomorrow lol
I already knew going into it, that this was going to make me lmao, but oh boy, the number of times that I laughed I lost track of
Now where is the ankle socks?
3rd world hunger 🤝 malaria
hands down best f1 channel its not even close
While all of this shite has been happening, Latifi got caught by the FBI for smuggling 10,000kgs of nutella through national security, Mick told haas to quote "fok smash deez nuts", Daniel made Lando cry by calling him a cunt so Mclaren fucked him off, and finally seb has had enough of F1 twitter and drives his aston martin shitbox into the pitwalls of redbull and mercedes.
Holy he didn't even mention k-mag gettin pole  THE NERVE
this is honestly some fantastic content, thanks mohawkman, i look forward to the second ep of the podcast!
9:11
> George Russell crashed the crypto market 13:37 Based
Fax machines are being faxed out, I saw a thing on BBC that it's either happening or support for them is being reviewed (so they can say they reviewed it). Why has it not already happened?  Because of archaic people like you, Mohawk man, who live in the past!! ;-)
I can safely say that not a single lie was told in this video.
Ankle socks W
FINALLY <3
I look forward to your videos. You always make me laugh. Thanks!
I felt more anticipation for this video than the last 3 races
Wear the ankle socks we were promised
George Russell owes me 20 quid 😂😂😂
This was bloody hilarious, as always. Cheers for the great content mate!
Hey RPM, love ya man, excited to see what the next year brings from you
Where's the Abu Dhabi video?
Lol, if you know Tom Coronel you know that he is a complete joke. Every race he says that max will win (since 2016) and then when he wins he says "I TOLD YOU SO". I am sorry for this man's involvement in the sport
This is the best shit to watch when ya fully torqued. The only thing that would make it better is if you had an m65 field jacket
“They are making the frogs gay!”  Rip lizzy and shout out to her family         -probably
I’ve been waiting for more than 12 fucking days lets goooo
Ahhhh, festive, because of catering 🎉
Gold tier Video.
Monaco Horner: hola perez! Perez: si boss? Horner: S🅱️INALLA!
Btw, Viaplay is not Dutch, it's full name is Viaplay Group AB, which is Swedish
every time with bloody 9/11 😂
Its really disappointing and aggravating to see how dumb and single minded people can be, I do agree Abu Dhabi 2021 looks "sketchy" however you need to come to terms with reality and realize how racing truly works.
Get big, hire peoples and do more man!
George used to be my favorite driver...... but now you lay this horrible news on my doorstep. George crashed crypto.. George killed the queen. George is actually Christian Horner. IT ALL MAKES SENSE. I am disappointed, ill have to go on social media and threaten the lives of all the people he holds dear to get my disappointment across to him. He should have known i would find out eventually
i must say i really like that ceramic duck on the shelf behind you.
Toro Rosso Verstappen and Sainz were Teammates Suzuka VER didn't gave Position back
You should never believe anything Tom Coronel says, believe me, you dont want to do that because you'll go insane within the first 5 minutes
Wow. First Rick Beato offers 50% off his beginners guitar course and now this. My life is complete.
I swear to god this is your best video yet. Like I love all of them and always have a good laugh but today.. today was a peak
please upload during the off-season i beg
Best F1 content going hands down!
Open your eyes
Small note: Viaplay isn’t Dutch. It’s Scandinavian. Side note, it’s even worse than Sky Sports.
Off-season content please!!!
the cia finally released him
W video
Next video is a Latifi tribute, right?
This is the best channel on Youtube and its a blowout
This Video was worth the wait👍🏼 It's 1am and I have to get up early but I just had to watch this masterpiece
Mercedes dikriders get decapitated had me dead
As always great video 🎉
BRO THE TIMING 9:11
I really hope you do a whole season recap!
Haha😅
I don't even bother watching the races anymore, these round ups are all I need. Easy saving of £46 a month.
I love your videos brother you make me laugh hard with all this bullshit xDDD
They had to breach the cost-cap in order to even come close in the 2021 championship & then needed Michael Masi to manipulate the safety car at the end of the season..........soooooo legit <_< They only won in 2022 but who knows maybe they breached this cost cap too................time will tell.
Hell of a video again these video’s are better than the actual races
FINALLY
Video LIKED before I've even watched 1 second 😂😂 COMEDY GOLD 🤣
Sebastian Vettel to replace Paul?
As a Dutch person I would like to say all our Dutch commentators are mentally disabled. I watch the international broadcast because of it.
You fuel at least 32% of my will to live
“What was I talking about? … … … Ted Kravitz” 😂😂😂
ok this content funny already 😂👍
Bro you said it would come out before the abu dhabi race you pleb
you just dont get this kind of insignt from anyone else
Loved it, stayed up an extra 15 mins to watch 😂
I've been waiting for this video all day you nonce. Bloody finally. Top stuff as always!
finally u had you had a wank like a million times and made a video
masterpiece
Worth the wait every time.
You know it's a good day when this man posts a video. Solid video as always.
watch this get demonetised 😭
You gunna do a season rant/ recap? Love the videos ya bloody nutter. Also why has all of youtube gone italics, I swear on me nans grave!
Finally someone speaking out about how Susan Boyle was robbed by the FIA.
I need Rage Against the Grand Prix for Austin. The potential is just Strolling around.
Graham Hill worst goatee and commentator in the F1 paddock
Another great video, its great to see your channel explode. I hope in the near future you get to do more regular videos as I can see many others love your videos as much as me!
Ankle socks plz
I’m one of the few that’ve been here since Bahrain
WHEN WE NEEDED HIM MOST, THE KING RETURNS
Hello everyone right now I'm at 5:17 and at this point I'm scared about what he's about to show I'll update y'all on how It turns out  Edit: I'm traumatized
One of the best F1 journalism I've ever seen, no doubt.
The question is. How much of Red Bull exceeding the budget limit was a result of replacing Max's car after Hamilton was deemed the main contributor to that serious crash. And then, how many of the other teams had the same type of expense
Another class vid keep it up
Maximilian Selstapen :))))
Enjoy your ankle socks
And now we wait another month for the 2022 montage thanks for a great video we await your return.  Now F off and make me another video
i watch f1 so i can think "hmm what is mohawk gonna say about this"
Fucking yes! He is BACK!!!
its ankle socks for you mate
Ah yes, my dose of pure 9/11 referrences and throwing everyone in jail XD I love it.
Absolutely worth the wait as usual. Now can we have an hour long season overview?
Ok now upload the next 3 🕵️
Honestly the races are just the trailer to this guys videos
Well done another cracking video 👍🏻🤣
too late buddy, prepare to die
As someone from the Netherlands who watches F1, and a Verstappen fan, I just want to state on the Ted Kravitz situation that no one here knows of his normal shenanigans, just the statement he had made. This will likely to have skewed our views on with how much salt we should take his statements. Yet even if one would have a badly skewed view on anything death threats (or any other threats to be honest) made to the person in question are simply unacceptable.  As for the whole checo-max situation in brazil it was an utter disappointment to me. Yes, without any team orders he would have overtaken Checo and the result would have been the same; however, that is not the issue in this case. He could have done his teammate a favor (which would have been worthless be now TBH) without any cost to him, and I think it was petty of him to get something from the past (if that narrative is correct) play the parts it did instead of just letting his teammate (who has helped him in some crucial moments even) have something and just discuss the situation afterward like adults. I hope there are proper lessons learned here.  I'd like to end my rant with a word of appreciation for your videos, Mr Rocket Powered Mohawk. Your videos have been a fun to watch, keep up the good work!
this is the one positive of being in the F1 community. This man is single handedly brining us salvation
Best of luck getting youe 20 Quid from George, he owes me 17.95 as well so grab that for me while you're at it thanks mate
Where's the ankle socks?
8/10, solid video. Not enough planes
One year of coping about the oppressed POC (obnoxious POS) not winning? Child's play, folks are still LITERALLY SHAKING AND CRYING to this day that Trump was president.
Another legendary video. You get to 500k in no time.
Another banger
Can’t forget about sainz’s comment about intentional crashes happening more often than we think 🌶
I just can't wait for british media to find out that it was Verstappen who secretly led Mercedes astray with their 2022 car and gave Russell the win in Brazil with the help of the shadow government run by Flavio Briatore.
Makro does seem the type 😂
Love you
How do any of these videos get monetised hahahahaha
idk if the skankhunt comment is a troll or not
Perfect summary
This vid was golden though. Pure gold
Been fucking waiting mate. Thought yah got the ol ban hammer
I just realized the last race was today… if this means no uploads I swear to god I will put a shotgun in my mouth and pull the trigger with my toes
Your the best man 🤣👍🏻🇳🇱formula One needs you
The Legend Returns
About fucking time
your videos are such high quality that i can only watch them at home on my 4k tv, watching them on my phone would be as disrespectfull as saying that a certain austrian politic was right
What the fuck was that ending hahaha
Verstappen v Perez is gonna be lit. I hope Checo takes Max to task and doesn't just get replaced.
idk if max was angry about qualifying in monaco (doubt it tbh, sounds like cope), but perez defo crashed on purpose... idk why, i don't care, but I'm here for it...
i love how every single one of your fucking videos is starting to talk about something and then you travel to the most random shit and i just appreciate it
Can’t wait for this to be age restricted from the verstappen radio images x
Max Verstappen, dICK mooV Champion
As a Dutchie myself… Tom Coronel is an absolute Max fan and will believe everything who or what’s against Max is a conspiracy theory or boycotting him.  And the Telegraaf ( newspaper) is known for misperceptions and twisting stories instead of the actual facts and truths which a newspaper should have. It’s more a tabloid than an actual paper 🫣
Poetry
Yet another banger 😂😂 love it mate
Fuck the races, I was waiting for your video
Never EVER disappointed in your videos mate. Fucking fantastic.
So you still alive
When are you doing it for fifa. We need the salty commentary. 🧂
Have you stared directly into his large inescapable unblinking doll eyes....OF COURSE George is involved.
Brilliant video! Also ankle socks!
what a bloody ledge end this guy is. class m8
What an absolutely banger outro lad. Love this.
Peak Journalism.
The GOAT returns
you look at Max's mother talking shit about Checo on Instagram and his father Jos treating Domestic Violence like an olympic sport and it's easy to see how Max grew up to be an S-tier cunt
why do u take so long man
Only thing missing is a mention of telemetry data from monaco crash, gives some insight on why people might think it was deliberate. Good stuff like always though
Finally, the true unbiased media of F1
"I'll have a video before Abu Dhabi" - he said  My guy, the race ended and Seb probably made a 4th kid by the time this is released.  Still funny tho, 5/7
Let’s go finally another video 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
He's the best F1 channel
Does the car work?
On September 10 2001 Red Bull exceeded the coast cap by 2.3 trillion dollars
This vid wasn't as funny as usual :(
W new rpm content, my life has meaning once more
10:42 Viaplay is actually Scandinavian but they have a Dutch side aswell
🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 That Explains Everything 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
Had me laughing throughout the video. Good work and can't wait for the next video Abu Dhabi 2022
About damn time
Creator of the year, I swear on my nan's grave.
about the dutch media ted kravitz was first to say it during the outlap afer the race
Brilliant, love the jabs and original/neutral perspective. 👏
But when i call lewis a "nig nog" im the bad guy😩
Brilliant work, mate. But i missed some canadian viewpoints in the vid.
The most based F1 journalist of all time
Your video's are so great, always a masterpiece, love it!
Where's the extra long season review episode?
Im sitting down for this slapper
Taking longer than a Ferrari pit stop for you to get caught up, mate.
This is the funniest episode yet
this what you get when so many new "fans" join the sport and take their football/soccer mentality with them. hamilton is no saint. but neither is verstappen. abu dabi 21 was on masi verstapen just drove the car.  verstappen was to blame for the brasilian 22 race. since we have no context as a verstappen fan it was a bad move to not let checo past. but hamilton has had its moments with teammates. but netflix will have a field day with this one
this season is so stale that your vid is what I wait after race weekend
As a Dutchman, ship me Russel and I will interrogate him until he hands over your 20£ and my 13€… I’ll gladly ship you “racing driver/journalist” Tom Coronel to do with him as you please.
Our king is back 👑
Fucking hell, the legend is back, will you do a Football version of this during the winter?
A gem as always🤣
Had to throw on a jacket, and come out to sit in my old Mustang to watch this. *presses play
I’d love to know if this incarnation of Christ of a man has a day job and if so where
Good one. I'll allow you to not having to wear ankle socks, so you have my vote.
Fire video as always. But the Perez stuff is actually true, If you look at the telemetry of the lap where he crashes, he goes full gas even before reaching the apex, while still holding the brake. Something that on the laps before he never did. That stuff was made on purpose 100%
Elite content as always
6:24 I think he meant "as usual"
Seriously the best F1 content on the internet right now, keep going man!!!
What car is that? 😂
I stopped the movie on my second monitor and paused my game to watch this. been waiting all week my guy!
THAT GOAT IS BACK
You should consider doing race watchalongs next season. I think we'd all tune in to listen to your insight instead of Crofty's bullshit.
I had an aneurysm when I saw you uploaded 😂🙌
To be honest I really appreciated the move by Red Bull just to boycott Sky Sports, just because they can and because they are probably a pain in their ass, but that comment section is just ridiculous. It is true, teamLH and the Verstappen Shaggers are actual cults supporting a hypocrite and an asshole. Can we get a really likable character winning races again please?
am so glad i didnt jump into bed before checking YT for this video for the 12th time today
I hope you continue to make content during off-season, I am literally looking forward to watching your videos more than the actual races, this shit is gold
Unlucky with the knee socks.
I wonder if Susan Boyle would say Lewis was robbed. We need answers, get her on for an interview RPM!
thought this man was taken by the fbi  but he is still alive
perez went full throttle just befor the apex und didnt even countersteer as the rear went off. you can see it on the thelemetrycs
Finally someone exposes the Red Bull underground pedophilia ring
Fuk me dead that was worth the wait🤣🤣🤣 Horner going to kill you and hide you like one there children.
3 weeks till next episode?
Everyone here agrees that Ted Kravitz should be deplatformed so you can have his throne, king
What a video. Can not stop laughing 😅
Ain’t even watch it yet but already now that it is an absolute banger
Man, a few races gone by, loads of stuff has been going on in F1 and then it's just 14 mins of only RB bashing, smh
At last the king has returned
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thank you so much, honestly. I was having a pretty shit day and was just about to go to sleep, when your notification popped onto my screen. You had me in stitches for 15 minutes straight, trying not to laugh the whole house awake. Thank you, you never fail to make me smile. I swear on me nan's grave,  i appreciate all the time and effort you put into these videos
If Netflix doesn’t have this man consult for Drive to Survive, it’ll be a real robbery  of the fans. This is the type of content we crave. 😂
Lmao as a dutch, i wouldn’t trust tom coronel and the telegraaf as far as i could throw them. Total nutjobs
I was starting to think YouTube blacklisted you
But in the end. We all know that Netflix is gonna have a ball with this season
this was the best season of all time... because of your videos. Absolute bonkers
Go!
Yesss, i’ve been waiting for a video and it did not disappoint
Ankle sock man
i new gorg was responsibl for the crypto crash
This was fucking absolutely amazing. Funny as ever yet retains the main subject. Here’s a video idea which I doubt you’ll see lol: 2022 recap of the entire season. Fucking god forbid what may happen given how funny you are lmao. Banger video as ever
tldr : dutch media accuses Perez of crashing on purpose to secure his P3 and grant his rival team P1 and P2, As a result, a few months later, dutch prodigy who has won everything this season decides to keep a P5 andnot help his teammate secure important points while he has a 150 points lead and won both championship while going against team orders.  Some say Perez had anticipated that ferrari would screw-up Monaco and he was big brain enough to secure his win with this move (he's a genius)  If that is really related with the Monaco GP then we have the final boss of selfish person : Karennstappen
So what if got from this was Helmut Marko is a Sith Lord Sergio Perez works for the KGB and Ted Kravitz is on the FBIs most wanted list
This is your best work yet
Do a bonus video. A race reaction to the races you havent done. Your videos are like heroine.DO IT NOW  or Paul Di resta will bum your dog
Voice of an angel face n body of Ted Kravitz...
Fucking legend!
Shag me sideways. I knew it, I fucking knew it. I wasn't being crazy. People said I was. But I knew Russel cost me that 3 Fiddy I invested in crypto.
HOLY SHIT HES BACK
bring out the ankle socks twat
How that the season is over you need to do a video taking the piss out of all the wanker F1 YouTubers like WTF1 Matt Gallalagar, that Tommo dewb, the weirdo that has a styrofoam phobia or fetish, I can't remember which one.
Absolute masterpiece of f1 journalism
10:42 viaplay is a swedish broadcaster but yeah
About fucking time
My golf game is going extremely poorly. This will be much better. Thank you RPM for saving me from the ledge  Edit: my next shot with this in my ear was phenomenal.
A video as beautiful as susan boyle's voice
Alright sunshine give us a butcher's at your socks
The main issue with checo "crashing on purpose" is that neither of the redbulls or anyone was near leclerc's pace he was more than 2 tenths up on second already and by the time the red flage was out he was almost 3 tenths up on his previous lap max was no where near that kind of pace so it not like he would've gotten anywhere near pole
To be fair, a lot of the max fans were not that awful. Like saying they hope he gets fired- okay. A few were wayy too far but teamlh after netherlands was much worse imo
You just can't get enough of this purely British banter, a perfect summary for what was one hell of a chaotic season.
I don’t know what it is but as soon as I start watching I start laughing uncontrollably
My favorite F1 commentator.
Fuck yea finally I am going to enjoy ths
Why don’t we rename the Verstappen shaggers to Vershaggens?
6:44 i have never seen that advert before but that is hilarious
This is easily my favourite new video alert *straps in"
I'm waiting on those ankle socks mate...
its here
Where are the ankle socks?
Need a community post pic on the ankle socks I say black for blm #blessed
Ankle socks it is!
So much for before lights out eh?
Wait guys what happened to USA and Mexico?
We will wait until March for you to do the rest of the races❤❤❤
Man thank you so much for your videos 🙏 While waiting for the new video I watched nearly every previous one… is that sad? 100%, but they still keep me laughing - thanks so much for your content!!
Thanks for keeping me (kinda) up-to-date with F1 Twitter so that I don't have to look at it myself!
If we're lucky the next one might come out before bahrain
lol I was literally checking for a new video 10 minutes ago
I swear on me nans grave. You should have presented the awards to the drivers.
Ankle sox 4 U
He has returned
Ankle socks for the rest of the year it is then
RB loves to bring up the children whenever convenient...nobs
YESSSS FINALLY
Ankle socks it is!
After watching every. Single. Rage against the grid. For a week. Straight. Every day.  A VIDEO APPEARS! ALL HAIL GARAGE KING RPM!  I'm buzzing man. Absolutely buzzing with joy. It's 11pm. I'm losing it
HE'S NOT DEAD OR BANNED LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
I see that you saw the Reddit post   Glad you're not dead chief
Bro "fat Brown"☠️☠️☠️
Man, sometimes I am really embarrassed to be a Dutch formula 1 fan. The Verstappen shaggers are just as, if not more awful than Lewis stans.
There needs to be other reviews of Grand Prixs because I can’t go 4 months with no new f1
... And finally his lordship drops a video!
This channel has made me love F1 even more.
SWEAR DOWN ON MI NAN'S ANCIENT INDIAN BURIAL GROUND
we going to need vids on the GPs that RPM missed
Work at your own pace.
Jesus, i was getting ready to send a shoutout to your family.
Good to know you didnt get in the car with diana
finally ive been looking forward for weeks 😭
Well it's about fookin time bruv! Feel like a crackhead waiting for RPM content
Holy shit you are still alive
I've watched every video like 20 times each
Guess you have to wear ankle socks for the rest of the year, love your content mate 🔥 keep it up
The uploads aren't regular but by god is it worth the wait
To catch up on what you’ve missed since the last upload press the red button on your remote
He returns. Shoutout to his family
Last time I was this early LeClerc was leading the championship
He's back ladies and gentlemen
Fiiiirst biitxh
Oh yes, this is perfect. I just got back from the shops with crisps
Cheers mate, great work as ever
Last video upload : It's been 84 years 4 fak sake🐌 And I like it!!🤣🧡👊
once again another banger
I love you dude
The Keyboard Warriors are turning F1 gay
I have a job interview tomorrow. Watching this instead of cramming
what‘s up ankle sock wearer
You are back!! Was just looking for ways to cope after the end of 2022 and got this in my feed!
The goat has returned🫡🐐love the vids so much always makes me laugh keep it up 🤘🏻❤️
You better be wearing them ankle socks now boi
You have no idea how much these videos keep me going
What's the headphone hair look like after a recording. Lmao
Karen Horner 🤣🤣🤣
I was about to go to bed but sleep can now wait.  Edit: I don't regret not sleeping for a bit. Amazing vid! I didn't know F1 Instagram was just as bad as F1 Twitter, perhaps worse.
And we're back
Needed this like crack
Of course.  This comes on when I’m driving 🤦‍♂️
I should say "finaly a new video and bla bla" but...i'm not going to do that
I've literally been waiting for this all weekend. Your content is top level
Bruh I thought you stopped posting and i was like' "I guess I don't like F1 anymore"😭
OMG ive been waiting for this!
Finally😂
HE'S BACK
Late upload time. Not good enough…
Ankle socks time
First before it gets deleted or blocked
Finally a new video you beautiful bastard
Rip Shout out to his family
P.S. you’re my favourite f1 commentator 😍😍😍
51 seconds ago lol
Yesss sirrrrrrr let's goooooooo 🤟🤟🤟🤟
How the faaak are you ppl so damn quick on the first comments?!???!
Hi
Babe wake up, rocket powered Mohawk posted a new video
These videos revive my soul after looking at f1 twitter
He's alive!!! Welcome back bud, was thinking about sending a search party for you! Been waiting for new videos.
I was about to go to sleep. Thank you
Ankle socks???
I was just going to sleep, then i got this notification
Let’s mohawk!
ankle socks for the rest of the year it is
About time, but always worth the wait. *Grabs popcorn
The King is back
F'in finally
FIRST!! Yasssss!!!
Welcome to MY video
LETSGOGOGOOGGI
Crikey you took ur time
oh shit!!!!! LETS GOOOOOO
HE'S BACKKKKKK
FUCKING FINALLY
Been waiting for this banger
Thank god I thought something had happened . Pheuf
Hello plz post more thanks 👍
The king has returned
ANKEL SOCKS ANKEL SOCKS ANKEL SOCKS
You are an inside job
Return of the Nan
Love you
Fcking finaly
Finally🎉
Video is late…
As always, Gold 👌🏻
LETSGOGOIGIGIGIDADDYYY
First
YES
I'm first
Lest goooooo
E
FINALLY MATE!
YESSSSSS
First
About time
HOLY FINALLY
Finally
Hot damn!
First
W
First
Hi
First
