Like the video if you think Swarmz is the GOAT
Great video
What's with all the hats? I'll box you but you're not allowed to take a hat to the ring baldie
After all these years Deji redeemed himself
Hi
Jake Paul would’ve knocked out both KSI opponents in 20 seconds let’s be honest
Him and Deji don't like each other? Do they have history with each other?
Ksi reviving ur career again🤣
Kavos trust me, you know nothing about boxing
I want him to fight more pro fighters but with more wins under their belts, homie needs to fight someone that knows what they are doing so he can fuck up Jake
As much as I’m happy for deji, if he fights like that again he’ll lose. He just threw the same combos
I believe Deji's win as much as his sub count!
If you would control your foul mouth you could be a great fight commentary.
Fousey done nothing to prepare except roids
sam hyde was the best boxer
W 🥊
Ngl as an event this had everything  All breathtaking fights that kept you on edge  No boring shows in between intervals  Good ring walks  Knockouts  Even funny fights like the frickin main even  Dejis comeback The unexpected Good commentary And controversy because faze sensei definitely deserves that win   The only thing I must say sucked is Joe Weller like he really tries to become a thing at all these events even tho man couldn't beat amateur ksi and now he wants to scrap with this version
Tf even is this?
You have a weird voice
Did you know that protons have mass?      I didn't even know they were catholic.
https://youtu.be/5wbKsfIOylw🥶
Remember you hit a million subs like 3 years ago and didn’t change your content whatsoever since? Yeah I do. I remember watching keemstar livestream your lance Stewart vid and blew you up. You literally haven’t changed since then tbh. Haven’t evolved whatsoever as a creator. Except your background, thay has changed a lot
Boxing is dead, a joke. It's a shadow of it's former self, and bums like you that enjoy this type of garbage are to blame for it's current shitty state. Thank god for the Ufc.
Yeah I agree completely with what you said about KSI's opponents. They were both bums. That professional boxer was beyond pathetic. Didn't even throw a punch. KSI needs to get a better fight before going up Jake Paul. He CANNOT afford to lose to Jake Paul.
F YouTube
Kavos has some major problem with KSI and never gives him credit
Slim Jim
this was a good fight
Why u hating on ksi
KSIs event was by FAR the best event of youtube boxing so far
Takes courage to jump in the ring with KSI after only 2 weeks of boxing training, big up swarmz for giving it his all 🫡
Slim vs Temperr wasn't competitive at all. Slim was dominating him the whole fight and is clearly a way better boxer
You said slim will lose
Deji is now undefeated as a pro boxer
It better get overturned and face since they better get the win
Ksi would end him in with in a round
Maybe that will knock some sense into Fouseytube but not likely
Feel bad for KSI he wanted that last fight to be better and you know he was giving it his all.
Kavoth
Deji was fight of the night
“I’m your last chance”- a man that literally got one tapped by deji
Lets face it, wasn't rigged just some dumb judges...
SAWLTPAPPY
Salt papi would beat ksi he has a lot more potential just saying
Ksi gets made fun of for having easier fights but lets not forget that Alex was gonna be his opponent but Alex got hurt leaving Ksi in a hard predicament
Ksi likes salt lmao he wouldn’t fight him
You forgot Deen the great -_-
The whole video i was saying TRUEEE
tbh slim proved everyone wrong
KSI and DZNE is taking the piss out you mugs.
How is slim beating temperrr an upset????? Why did everyone think temperrr was going to win? 🤣🤣🤣 Slim is obviously the better boxer he's been doing it for years now and has shown it in his amateur fights.
Deji is giving out free dental work kavos, you look like you need it.
I'm sure JJ is just as annoyed with the "pro" boxer as all of us watching, whoever set that fight up needs sacking, hopefully his next opponent doesn't just run around the ring for the entirety of the fight
Why tf does this Kavos guy act like he knows what good and bad boxers are?? Just throwing in there random “technical” words doesn’t make you knowledge in the sport 😂
Your looking good Kavos! Thanks for the recap!
Honestly I’m jus here to fight and have fun
The kenny vs sensei fight was closer than people msde out. Sensei easily took the first round but the others were close. He controlled the centre and kept landing the jab, although sensei did land the bigger shots. Dont think it was a robbery
I just wonder who tf were the two wins that Pineda had
Swarmz is the real champion💯👑🐐
Fousey had no juice. Hes all steroids.
"pro boxer"
I know you and JJ had bad blood but I like your honesty :)
i was laughing so hard when luis got uppercutted and claimed back of the head
Kenny was talking to Sensei in the ring, and yes that it shock that he won the fight. He said him and Sensei both agreed in the ring that they thought it was a draw.
Slim vs salt papi
*directed by wade*
Lol all you do is talk shit, how about you fight KSI
Deji vs slim
I'm sorry but is nobody going to mention how KSI didn't call out Jake Paul? I think it's safe to say KSI is definitely scared of Jake Paul. KSI called out Andrew Tate. Like, why? It's pretty much official Andrew Tate is going to fight Jake Paul. Until KSI signs the deal to fight Jake, he's afraid in my eyes.
KSI was the least impressive of a card full of not that impressive action.
Deji: "You're the comedian? No, I'm the comedian!"
temper was definitely not on slims level what are u on about lmao
Great event, easily the best so far.
KAVOTH KAVOTHH. FICK OFF KAVOTH
Man I teared up when I seen Deji celebrating
The pro boxer: ducks his head, giving ksi a legal punch on the back of the head  Also the pro boxer: cmon man dont hit me there
UK ON TOP 🇬🇧
I haven't seen a kavos video in years is he still a lying mug or has he changed?
I'm happy Deji finally got a win. Everyone expected him to lose again and he proved all of us wrong.
One of the other issues with jake Paul having pro boxers on his card it garentuees his main card is going to look terrible. As it just highlights how he and his mma retirees aren't good enough to be in a pro or ameteur ring.
Pineda was an utter embarrassment. Not even getting dropped 6 times, its the whining for me
Bro it’s the 10oz gloves
If there’s two people who could be potential opponents for KSI, let them fight. Salt Papi V Slim is the fight to make.
Fousey touched the canvas in ways it has never been touched before
Don't compare jake's events to jj's bruh
Honestly think is disrespectful to call KSI’s fights embarrassing on his part, respect for him getting back ups for the backups at short notice and having a great event.
Event in general was amazing imo best youtuber boxing event when it came to the undercards. However Ksi's fights were a joke none of the two fighters fought at all very disappointing couldnt get to see his skills. No way in hell will he fight jake next and win, tyron woodley is miles ahead of any opponent ksi fought that night. He still needs to fight someone who will actually make him struggle and test his abilities
I told u @kavos never Doubt slim again
Salt papi would utterly fuck up ksi
Ksi should either fight Austin, slim or salt papi next imo
Honestly Ksi vs Swarmz was way more entertaining than that fight with the “pro” boxer
I really think ksi held up deji to the cameras to disrupt talking about this embarrassment
Slim vs temper wasn’t an upset for me at all. I knew slim would win. I don’t rate temper he throws with his chin in the air and it proved to be the death of him. I’m sure I even said on the comments for the last video that slim would win I’m sure of it.
Man you can see Kenny’s shock in the vid he knew that was rigged
Great fight from Dean The Great tho , honestly he's just like a pro boxer . If he was on light heavyweight he definitely should've fought Ksi. Honestly,  what a great fighter
salt papi more like manny pacquiao junior jeezus
you forgot about Dean The Great fight!!!
I'm honestly not that mad with ksis fights. I didnt expect anything more. He said all along that with this fight he just wanted to get rid of ring rust before getting to people like Jake Paul (it's the whole reason he signed to fight Alex Wassabi because he thought Alex was levels below him). The pro was shockingly bad but that's the type of fighter most pros fight in their early years anyway to build up experiance.  As long as ksi doesnt keep fighting people of this level then I'm fine with who he fought yesterday.
what do you mean no fault to ksi ? he picked those fighters XD
How was ksi going to finish him quick when he kept running away
Ksi did really well at selling a good show and Also i dont really mind if the fight was easy since it was to remove ring rust which means we Will see ksi fight better fighters from now on and its thx to jj we got to see such amazing fights. Except sensei who got robbed. We all wanted to see ksi in the ring and he did it? He knocked his opponents so easy which shows he has more instore for us in the future fights and if ksi didnt knock out either pineda or swarmz then THAT would be embarassing for jj but he did it. Also proud of deji man, he finally threw punches 😂👍🏻
“me and deji don’t like each other” he don’t even know you😭
Fousey is one of those unco dudes. Probably never played a sport in his life.
Salt papi vs deji
I loved that there wasn't massive gaps filled with ads in between the fights
I am so happy with ksi and deji and kenny and slim
Salt papi would have ksi
And u talked so much cr&p about Deji didn't u?
Kenny definitely won the fight, he landed more punches, yes Sensei was probably the better boxer but Kenny got more points.
KSI fought like a bitch
Fun
I hate when people like u talk about this events
faze sensei was robbed
To be honest, when you're in a boxing match you will never know how good or how bad your opponent will be on fight day, it's hard to predict any match because a lot of people will judge the cover on the opponent like how  Fousey was looking so shredded that his physique showed others that "he was going to win" but he didn't.
Overall the event was excellent - entertaining throughout . Best influencer event so far
I would say that KSI's two opponents have been running away from him during the whole match so there is not that much that he can do to force them to come at him. Both of them were too scared to fight him or even throw a good punch at him.
Deji has to go against pussabi again
Salt Papi's KO was hella insane but cmon... Andy was worse than any fighter in that ring. KSI's opponents were thrash but not as trash as Andy. Although KSI vs Papi will be quite a good match.
Swarmz was crease just didn’t train at all
Deji can actually become boxer the rest of them is egoistic weirdos lmaoooo
Guess the judges don't like faze 🤣
Man they were Both distracted by ksi forehead bro 💀 No but still congrats to JJ And Weji!! cant wait to see what will JJ  say about Dejis win and what the fight was like.
Here is the thing ab pro boxing, most fighters when they decide to become a pro usually face these “Journey Man” who is a fighter that has more loses then wins usually but they have experience and a young pro fighter often uses these first few fights against these lower level apponents to get some pro experience, and to gauge their level. Obviously if you lose to these Journey Men than most likely the pro path isn’t for you. That’s why he fought a pro like the person he fought, obviously if he were to fight a wbc pro he would get smashed.
I watched this PPV for  $ 0.86  only
Don't talk about his opponents if uv never been in a boxing ring. I'm sick if these fucking youtubers critusing people when they are sat behind a desk. Fucking joke
To all the people hating on JJ, stop. You had your time to complain a little before the fight, it’s too late now
In KSI. Defense his second fight just didn’t preform. You can say it’s easy to get labeled as a pro boxer like you say it is.
Filipinos r natural wow
Deji looked better than ksi
Sensei won, the judges are blind idiots.
*Pro boxer* that was literally several minutes of child abuse. The guy spent half the fight cowering at any swing
The way kavos talks about ksi I think he should fight ksi next
bro faze sensei got robbed you know he got robbed when you hear commentary say he got robbed he got robbed so hard commentary made fun of judges all night long and ı can confidently say that judges either hate faze clan members or they love king of the robbers kenny
KAVOS i havnt watched you in maybe 2 years
KSI did amazing job on sorting out the event. Sadly Alex pussied out but KSI managed to make it entertaining in the end so big ups for him, hard to get proper fighters in short notice + this was just to get him out of ring dust. Huge Win for Deji. Well done all fighters
Im genuinely so happy for the brothers, ksi and deji won together and seeing ksi supporting his lil brother is so good to see, overall im just happy for everyone. I do wish i couldve seen ksi kick wasabi's ass tho lol
Dejis win had me almost in tears, what a W event
What if KSI fought against the Racist Guy?
Lmao how can temper beat KENNY but than loses to slim, Full respect to SLIM man , everyone thought he was gonna lose but man said “naaaaa”
This is the type of "boxing" Kavos likes... lololol so fuckin corny. You do realize there are people that do this seriously for a living?!
Do u think young kids are gonna want to start boxing when they see the corruption out in the open!?!?!?  Kenny never won that fight unless the judges were bought and paid for.
How was your chicken nuggets on stream
I watched u when u was live
I fully believe Deji would beat Ksi if they ever fought. Deji just seems to be more naturally talented.
Sensei moving around in the ring, damn it was like watching a professional dancer dancing on a stage. that was  fkin beautiful
KSI embarassed himself tonight I'm not remotely impressed with the 2 "wins". I'll be more impressed if he cancelled the card tonight than doing this shit.  Only one who can fight is salt papi
These fights are scripted and rigged before they step foot in the ring. Sad that boxing has become as fake as WWE wrestling
Lmao if u think salt Papi would stand a chance against ksi ur fuckeddd
Why is there a lack of highlights tho 😩
Fousey just has a habit of keeping his hands down
Fousey very clearly takes steroids reason he goes from as cut as a bag of dope to fat and back in months. Mussels mean nothing in boxing just shows how little most of these yt know
clowns boxing lol
Unpopular opinion. Sensei didn't get robbed and Pineda complaints were true.
The people making the event were mocking KSI by choosing Pineda. KSI should’ve faced another opponent.
Ive never seen someone as happy as Deji after he won
3:16 Slim got a lucky punch that rocked Tommy then Tommy went full defense and felt the need to break out of it so he tried and he got unlucky again... i think Tommy knocks Slim out in 3 regularly
Nah u did jj dirty on the thumbnail
someone has to tell me who the blonde ring girl is
ksi opponets werent for proving his improvement, in a way yes but this was for him to warm up. he said it himself that these are just warm up fights
ksi opponents really just running from him. can't blame ksi for prolong fight.
One of the highlights for me was Sam Hyde calling out Hasan Piker. Hasan was so intimidated by him, he banned everyone in his chat that mentioned him lol.
Kavos really wants to say anything bad about KSI lmfaoo. He still doesn't like him 😂
I think Salt Papi would have ksi in a fight not joking.
That “pro” KSI abused needs to reconsider his career choice. Was he a professional boxer or a professional cry baby.. he whined and complained more times than punches thrown
Despite how shit KSI’s opponents were, no real fault of his own, props to him on doing everything possible to keep the event alive. It’s embarrassing how swarmz put up a much better fight then a supposedly pro boxer that was just whining and running away.
are u a boxer ? if not don't make ur own shit
Ksi rolls papi lmao
The fact ksi called out Andrew Tate.  I don't think he wants that lol he needs to fight either salt or slim next. Tate would smoke him. Just an honest opinion.
Kavos disappointed again because KSI won. Stay mad hater JJ 2 fights 2 wins 2 KO.
I thought Temper would beat Slim by decision, but I didn't expect the outcome. Slim had the best knockout on the card and rightfully earned it
Great fights  Great night ksi and the team really care about the YouTube boxing because all the fight we’re all influencer/YouTuber who care about boxing and entertain us and keep us talking 9/10 The next fight I would love to see is  Slim vs papi Deji vs Bryce hall Logan Paul vs ? Gib vs Austin winner face ksi Kavos vs ? I would love to see u in the ring with someone  Jidion vs joe weller  Those are my dream fights what about you guys😏
the main event would've so much been better if they kept the original pro boxer in it, but everyone just called him a Nazi which i don't think he is, he explained that his tattoo that says "white power" represents his power as an athlete and boxer, its our fault that the main event was bad, i will say the way Deji was fighting against Fousey reminded me of how he looked against Jake back in 2018 except in good boxing shape, he was throwing but also had pretty good Def, if this Deji showed up against Jake back in 2018 it would've been over for Jake, Jake would probably be a nobody rn if that happened
I got scared since focused got bufff but am so happy and shocked that deji won
KSI is lucky he knocked out the pro cause he would have lost on points
Kagoshima always hating on KSI success LOL JJ living in kavos head rent free.
This kavos guy has been hating JJ success for years .some of you people can't stand KSI success lol.
This event actually made Jake Paul looked better
Sam The Irish CANDYMAN Hyde did his thing I loved it , I kinda wish the ref hadn’t shut it off , cuz we were going to see a knock out but Thompson was dead on his feet throwing his arms the entire 3rd round. Loved sams antics the whole time too hilarious
Time for Fousey redemption arc part 2
Great show team deji finally got the long waiting w
Alex Wasabi is a clown.
YouTube vs Tiktok again 😂
Although I absolutely hate kavos he is right about one thing, Slim got wrote off by many and that was a huge upset 🔥 so yh kavos can continue hating on the olatunjis now although I don’t think deji knows who he is
why u chatting on everyone? when u look like that... inshallah for u my brudda
When fousey saw what deji brought on the table it was too late
Did he really say Salt Papi has more power than Ksi for sure 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️😳
Is it me or is kenny not a great boxer he doesn’t let his hands go does he think he looks like Floyd or sumn?
I think u right jake paul steal from fans
To say slim is a bum for knocking nobodies shows you haven’t got a clue about fighting. Knocking people out takes skill and slim done is consistently so luck wasn’t a factor
it’s a shame, i know JJ is better than he was and i know this wasn’t his fault, but the undercards all stole the show, every single fight apart from the first and last were top tier, i do feel bad for KSI though.
Did Deji won!!!!!
Remember it was supposed to be Wassabi fighting
bro that was the first video of yours I've watched. I  was not expecting that outro at all💀
Can't blame JJ for this, dude he was supposed to fight dropped out last minute, and he just did what he could to keep the show going
WHAT A GARBAGE EVENT LOOL
I really don’t like but I 90% agree with you in this video😂, ksi didn’t get to show shit cuz he is opponents were dog water, and kenny vs sensei i 100% saw kenny winning
People always forget that it wasnt Ksi's plan that Alex pulls out and it deserves respect to not cancel the event. Its hard to find people on short notice to fight him so people shouldnt shit on that and dont even start with jake paul.... to get the negotiations done takes more than 2-3 weeks and jake wasnt serious he used it to shit on Ksi thats it and if you think otherwise you are delusional  And sadly a "pro boxer" who acts like a wrestler when he gets hit was embarrassing thats true i expected at least something because its a "pro" but maybe thats why he had this lucha mask on i dunno xD  People shouldnt shit on kenny as well man he went in there and fought its not his fault that the judges scored it that way i feel bad for him because he has to go through this shit again
KSI simply rocked Pineda hard, he was rocked the whole time
Jake’s shows are actual boxers on them you’ve just confirmed you don’t follow boxing, by stating you are only interested in the ‘influencer’ scene.
also, i only paid 1.99 euro for the whole thing. like at the beginning when making the account. and i was looking for the "buy ppv" button, i was getting mad because i couldn't find it, and it turns out i didn't have to. so i watched the fight on dazn legit for 1.99 euro. idk whats up
Deji winning this was amazing ngl. He literally just stared his redemption arc...and he won me 1k lmao
If Pussabi didn't pull out the fight then we would've gotten a better fight than Swarmz and that Mexican Professional Boxer guy combined
0:31 stop trolling
i think ksi is done with the mediocare yt fighters like slim or salt papi. and let's be honest, those fights are obvious who wins so the arena wont sell out. he will fight a big name outside of ytr boxing now. it will be tommy furry i think 70% and tate 30% edit: i forgot about broom austin, i think that will happen
Undercard was more entertaining 💀
Also they both thought it was a draw they said so in the ring it’s not being overturned. Tell Faze whomever to go for the finish next time.
Haven’t watched the fight. I was out but honestly I am so happy for him. Big smile.
wym fousey was the same fighter tha when fighting slim? he looked way better. he got himself hit now because deji is just too quick to dodge, it's true. fousey is pretty good. only the footwork looks still a bit odd
You're saying ksi vs slim, ksi vs salt papi  Personally, id love to see slim vs salt papi👀
Bro deji got his towel back haha ✊
Salt Papi was the best fighter of the night. I think he’d whoop JJ.
Honestly. Sensei was robbed but i dont think they will overturn it
0:48 ALMOST????? He did MILES better 😭😭 Ksi was doing push-ups mid fight
He had to find someone in less than 2 weeks and for you to know how the pro boxer fights hard to know.
“Me and Deji don’t like each other” he don’t even know u bruh
How is he a pro boxer?
bro im so proud of deji bro im finna cry LMAOOOOOO
Never saw the fight but I'm surprised deji won he was actually focused this time
w deji
Apparently this comment section believes all the losers In the fight are all trash and not to count them As actually wins
The best part of JJ's second fight was his call outs afterwards
Kavos is a bottler. On Twitter spaces, didn’t have the balls to say anything to anyones face.
Seems Fousey really was an easy fight.
salt papi has been boxing since age 10.
You don’t understand that ksi’s fights were to shake off the ringrust
i’m so disappointed in the ksi fights man
Let's not forget how this would've been even better if Alex hadn't got a "concussion" ( which Let's be honest is complete bullshit), it's not ksi fault really he came prepared to fight Alex and then had to scramble to keep the card together.
remember when kavos had dirty yellow teeth lmao
Slims fight was da best. U was sayn he fought bums be4. He only fought bumz kuz no1 wud fight him. Look at him now u nobhead.
Deji got the Dub, I’m very proud of him! I was devastated for what happened to Temper, I really wanted him to win. Sensei should definitely appeal the the unfair loss that occurred with him. As I expected Swarmz the shit talker and apparently who was going to shock the world got annihilated by KSI as well as the pro boxer who was just complaining he kept getting hit on the back of the head by JJ only because he probably wanted fly back home with a paycheck. Great event overall
Swarmz actually performed better than Pineda 😂
So happy Fousey Lost that
Deji did not destroy fousey lmfao
KSI did great. How was he gonna know Alex would pull out before fight
Nah you forgot about Sams fight and his ending message to hasan
Don’t consider Deji an ‘undercard’. Far better than majority of fights. Just love how everyone becomes professional boxing judges, when youtubers start boxing.
KSIs fights just show that his power is scary
i mean the pro boxer made it to round 3 lets be honest he didnt just give up
How can you say hes robbed both faze members of a dub then say its not his fault though hahaha
Should of kept the Nazi
they need to stop letting kenny fight in the UK 😭😭
Glad to see them highlights glad people got a win
Deji must rematch Alex pussabi
well yeah, we expected them to be bums. I can't tell if you're hating on ksi or not at the end (even though you did give him credit for the way the event was ran). It definitely wasn't his fault about the opponents. At least he tried and successfully saved the event. You should just wait for his next fight. Ofc the opponents weren't that good, he knows that and implied it several times so I think you could give him a break on that one.
Deji should fight Kenny
i thought kenny was getting stopped, but idc what you say kenny controlled that fight with the jab, sensei barely got on the inside and when he did he got hit, yes he got a great combo in the middle of the fight but idc, kenny won in my eyes and the standing 8 count was complete bs, way way way too early
was lame they gave deji a free win to vs trash ass fousey
KSI Fight was embarrassing!??💯😂 Like EVERY YOUTUBE BOXING!🤦🤦just don't like YouTuber boxing!Thank god Deji!😭
What do you expect? Pussabi pulled out last minute
Yesssirr
This event was amazing do too the fact Deji won his first pro boxing fight, proud!
Salt papi too much swag.
Would we ever see you Kavos in the influencer boxing ring? 👀
So when are we getting a Kavos Vs Joe Weller fight? 2023?
It isn’t ksi’s fault Alex turned to a pussy and pulled out and the other guy had tattoos with crazy racist shit or whatever it was idk so he had to settle with this pro boxer that was shitty.    I blame Alex
I honestly thought Fousey had this one... but good on deji
Deji touched Fousey like he's never been touched before
Yes fousey was terrible but he took his beating like man but ‘pro boxer’ pineda was crying about a body shot
people talk too much they are always there to criticize jake doesn't have jj's mind the guy despite the adventures he was not discouraged he did everything so that the event was not canceled he not only thought of himself but he also thought of the other youtubers many will criticize his two fights but that will not change the fact that jj is a man of his word he said and he did!!!! jake and austin so wanted to see him in shit since alex fled but as i said today jj has a very strong mind
When I saw it I think every fight was great except KSI's fights. I wasn't expecting almost every fight to end in a tko or ko
Is there a way to ban these drag queen ads that keep showing up? I’m getting really annoyed
Ksi looked like an idiot he should not be proud of that
Damn didn’t talk about the Sam Hyde fight
We need to get a movement going for sensei that decision was one of the worst in the history of boxing and even once it is overturned it still won’t be right because they will never be able to give him the moment he was robbed of
Joke that kenny dude won it again there was no way fu  k the beta squad 🥱
best influencer boxing event non negotiable, enjoyed majority of the undercard for once. Entertainment was good and loads of knockdowns!
You’re a fragile Mf 😂 you wouldn’t ever fight anyone
To be fair ksi found these guys as literal last minute step ins but thats alright it was entertaining at least
What’s crazy is Deji is now 1-0 professionally
This card went hard. No bad calls besides the king kenny fight. Im sorry but sensei clearly had that
I think we should stop complaining and be grateful that we got to watch the fight for free
As a Deji fan, I honestly thought he was going to lose to Fousey, but I'm so happy he finally got a win. From 0-3 in amateur boxing to 1-0 in professional boxing. GGs Deji
Kenny took the moment from Faze clan,again. but ksi won't let it slip
The sad part about Kavos is he is too bitter for no good reason. I dont know why u hold on to that grudge for so many years but you can honestly see he will never give KSI any form of respect. Hes always hated ksi from the very beginning. If u watch his “ksi joe weller” commentary, you can really see the roots of all his bitterness the way he talks about KSi.
I honestly don’t think slim winning was a shock, been doing it way longer than temper
I got to say 5 things; 1. Thanks KSI for putting on a great event 2. Proud of Deji man, like honestly proud for him. Can see how happy he is finally making others happy he won 3. That salt papi knock out was pretty well executed 4. Faze Sensei was robbed. Honestly pissed me off watching Kenny getting the win he didn't deserve. 5. Slim on 2 weeks notice and overcoming an eye injury to pull off that upset I am proud of him aswell.   On another note; Joe Weller should be banned from events unless he is fighting someone. Dudes a cornball.
Bro just forgot about Deen
The difference between KSI and Jakes opponents is that Jake always hand picked his opponents waaay before his fights whilst JJ had to go through hell just to get a main event after alex pulled out and he had to work with what he had and adapt because no real challenge was available so it was either this or KSI doesn't fight at all.   Jake has NO room to talk he has been exposed that he is not as good as he says he is he even pulled out of his most recent fight Idc what anyone says and has been exposed by hasim jnr and was even caught by Tyrone woodley despite him winning in the rematch. If I was JJ I would have about 4 more fights against actual PRO's or at least up and coming people who can actually fight and spar pros better than Jake if he wants that W over Jake.
Luis was embarrassing tbh. Was complaining about being hit in the back of the head every hit. If he didn’t cower and turn away then it wouldn’t be near the back of his head. Guy was scared since the first body shot, could see it cause a lot of pain
I just think these videos are funny kavos is a dead leafy clone
So by your logic then if ksi fought bums that means it could most definitely still translate to an actual legitimate fighter. He was supposed to win this just like jake was supposed to win all of his damn fights. Slim fights bums then knocks out temper so you still don’t think ksi could knock out jake. 😂😂😂
I say king Kenny vs sensei was a draw
Yes his opponents weren’t the best but like he said all the way through this whole event it’s to get rid of ring rust then he’s upping the opponents it’s not his fault Alex pulled out and the pro wasn’t that good there’s practically no footage for him to tell and he Also said he didn’t make the fight the people BTS did
Why is everybody saying temper was KOed lol stop. He was knocked down brutally but he was not unconscious. Lol these mofos don't know nothing about boxing, in mma if a fighter can't intelligently defend himself and is brutally attacked and dropped it's considered a knock out.  But Boxing isn't mma
Man stfu it was such a good event I am proud JJ and all the people who participated
You forgot when tate called him out I rather see that than anything
JJ didn't look that good considering he wants to fight Jake. Jake isn't that great either but would've dealt with Swarmz and Pineda more easily.
in india the price was just 0.74 pounds!!🤣🤣🤣🤣
Slim was impressive for two weeks notice best fight of the night
What I saw today was disappointing it would of been better if he fought gib atleast he can box asides from that one time with them crab legs with jake theses fights from Kai proved nothing and I think if you have a working brain you would know we have seen much better with jake
Slim gained massive respect.
And kavos watched it from his room because no YouTuber likes him 👍
I cant with the "pro boxer", he complains about body shots that where on his ribs and he said it was in the back like wtf, and when he got uppercuted and he complained about a back of the head shot, me and my brother started laughing so hard😂😂😂
Hello! It was Alex who fumbled the KSI fights, the racist first replacement was removed cuz of twitter stans, and he was the second replacements. No wonder he was not good. Don't belittle JJ's hard work...
Sam Hyde?
Overturned I don’t think so they can try but it won’t get overturned
I think Kenny vs sensei was a draw
Bruh the fact that slim came in 2 weeks notice just recovered from an eye injury and knocks out temper is genuinely insane.
Papi vs ksi is not gonna happen cause he’s a big lad but he’s good
Kavos would you ever get into the ring?
Bro, the people who knew and followed slim, distanced for a slight time cuz of the controversy, but knew what slim was about knew he would win. He is a GOOD Basket ball player, a nice dancer, has been living in Olympian Boxer Sadam's gym for a few years now. He will have new fans but great to see prediction be so accurate.
You guys need to watch actually fights instead of this
Just remember it was supposed to be Wassabi but he pulled out. Don't blame JJ. He can't do anything about it.
What did we learn, don't take steroids. Fouseys Instagram looked like deflated muscles
This Deji murders Alex Wasabi
I literally enjoyed every second of that PPV… yea JJs opponents were dog shit but it was good to see him in the ring again. I’m sure the management team will be more prepared with back up fighters for back fighters from here onwards.
Wheres the sunglasses also don't let the knob cheese refund PayPal
The boxing event was amazing
I wish KSI fought that racist guy I did not expect that “pro” to be worse than Swarmz
Sensei was robbed
I say jj fights Tyrone woodley
KSI would rather fight Andrew Tate than Jake Paul because he knows Jake Paul isn't drawing any big money anymore nobody gives a f*** about the Disney kid 🤣😂 we lost interest. KSI vs Tate would be huge!
THAT SHIT WAS TODAY!!!!
I’m sorry but slim’s fight was not fight of the night at all, it was just a clinge fest for the most part… The Kenny and Sensei fight is much more worth fight of the night in terms of performance.
Very disappointed that people are disrespecting Kenny, yes it was a dodgy decision but it was a lot closer than what people are saying. Also both of them did incredible
The refs were also judges lol l refs/judges
Guess deji touched him
I feel bad for Kenny ngl
Deji really surprised me. I was expecting fousey to win that one for sure. That final fight with Pineda was embarrassing and easily the worst fight of the night
Phenomenal prediction by you for Fousey winning 🤣
Wh didn't you mention Sam Hydes fight
I feel gutted for Temper when he got knocked out. I really wanted him to beat Slim. KSI's 2 fights were boring as piss but JJ's improved a lot. KSI did not fight a pro boxer, he fought a parody of a box boxer. But man when Deji beat Fousey was absolutely amazing.
ksi does hang around them wrestlers and you know how they get down. js
Imagine working out for months and roids and still lose to deji but besides gg deji
The best thing of the night was Slim’s walkout
The proofs ksi’s point, now people are now talking about other fights and want more fights instead of just wanting to see ksi vs jake Paul. YouTube boxing has a bright future
I’m more confused how the Ksi guy got 2 wins. Did he fight to babies ?
Massive L for KSI. He should've took the Woodley fight but I think he knew he would've lost. This was embarrassing
I’m upset about the slim KO. I had him winning and everything but I was upset because I left the room and missed it!
Deji's win is actually amazing from a story perspective. His first loss was due to a towel being thrown in, now his first win was due to a towel being thrown in.
the Deji we saw tonight would destroy Kavos in a boxing match. lets be real
I think kenny is good he just keeps picking very hard opponets to best man should fight bryce hall
I'll be honest keem did andy dirty by putting him against salt papi
I feel bad for faze Temparrr man's got rob than loss with a knockout 😕
The Luis fight was so bad 😭😭
Ksi beats up Luis alcaraz https://youtu.be/qoK5VHZ0h1M
When you say the undercard stole the show about a boxing event you know Misfits is going to be something BIG
SLIM AND TEMPER FIGHT OF THE NIGHT AS WELL AS SURPRISE OF THE NIGHT HANDS DOWN!!!!
guy really said slim had no chance ahaha
THAT KENNY FIGHT WAS MAD FUCKING RIGGED
Deji was my favorite to see win! Very happy for him
Kenny fight s rigged idc
Pineda fight was a complete shit show. I knew Pineda was never a challenge for JJ anyway but that fight was clearly rigged.  That was some of the worst acting I've seen from Pineda and he never even tried. He was paid to lose and make JJ look good. JJ's celebration was quite embarrassing imo, but I think the purpose of this event was just to bring back hype for KSI returning to boxing.  I wouldn't take anything away from this event in terms of skill and improvements for JJ, of course we still need to see more.
some fighters should not be called pro
Dont really blame ksi. Had to replace boxers twice. Wasabi shoulda been there but pulled out. Night would have been perfect is wasabi would have fought there
Easily the best event that's been on so far
This was a bit embarrassing from the KSI camp, pure soup cans, Andrew tate or Tommy Fury would kill KSI
The most surprising thing of the night is that people still give a fuck about this shit..
I don’t get why ppl are talking crap about JJ his return fight was always planned to be easy to get rid of ring rust
If Jake always got criticism for his opponents, I would think JJ deserves some for picking a guy who has never boxed before and had two weeks training..Deji was impressive. I wasn't expecting that.
I was trying to tell yall slim can bang, Slim vs Gib here we go
The pro boxer was the worst boxer on the card lol how funny I think Swarmz couldn't have beat him.
You're not taking the Referee into account. That ref kept protecting Pineda when he should have called it on Round 1
I told people Wassabi was a better boxer than Pineda.
500th like 👍 but yeah what a massive embarrassment for main event..can’t imagine who this pro boxer fought for them to lose to him 😂
I was more impressed how bad his opponents were.
Salt papi vs slim
Man you think these judges suck just watch one ufc card you're bound to see a robbery or 2 shit happens all the time in the mma world but to be fair mma is harder to score
Bruh, that KSI vs Luiz Pineda fight was TRASH! I pirated that shit and I still feel like I got robbed!
Deji looked way better then ksi when it come to form
JJ didn't look that good considering he wants to fight Jake. Jake isn't that great either but would've dealt with Swarmz and Pineda more easily.
Fantastic stream tonight bro.i donated early on .was a lot of fun watching .
I'm so happy for deji
Luis was scared of ksi, if it was other fighters, he wouldn't have been that scared and actually would've thrown more punches
Kenny another robbery
Kavos, Slim predicted this and he was RIGHT. My man was a thief cos he STOLE the show 😎🔥👊🏾
seeing ksi live against luis was disappointing to say the least
Bro wtf were those scores from the judges? Sensei got robbed. Peneda... Idk what he was doing, horrible display from a pro boxer. The rest of the event was amazing, i loved it. Also very very happy that Deji won
Love kenny, but faze sensei got robbed man
Purpose of this event was just to bring back hype for KSI returning to boxing.  Can't take much away from this event in terms of skill and improvements for JJ, of course we still need to see more.
Sensei fight was rigged from start, thats why the ref saved Kenny with the standing count. Sensei was in a momentum to do damage before the first stop. Then the judges did their part.
So fusey know he was going to get knocked out and throw in the towel after all that shit talking wow what a 😺
I said Swarmz would be a harder fight than Pineda.
Sensei won the fight but to act like sensei dominated kenny and that the fight wasn’t close or rigged is ignorant
Salt papi fought,,,,whaaat
Geordie called out how bad the opponents were and JJ got defensive saying Pineda was a "pro boxer" 😂
Anyone with any combat sports knowledge knew Swarmz and Pineda never had a chance. People actually though Pineda would be good 🤣🤡
Fousey humbled.
Well dazn is about to delete this vid, sorry not sorry
loved the stream bro
I want to see Deji vs Kenny, then misfits wont rig Kenny's fight bcoz its Ksi's brother.
If J.J set up the UpperCut, or Lefthook, Pineda would’ve legit died
great job for deji
Like the video if you think Swarmz is the GOAT
Sensei deserved that W. Kenny was good but Sensei had the impact
GG
Understandable that people should be pissed off about the main event but tbh what do you expect KSI to come out with at the very last minute. at least deji got his dub tho
There’s no way Kenny gets to keep that win its was undoubtedly in favor of Sensei… and I honestly feel like KSI let that clown make it to the 3rd round just so the fans would get a full fight after seeing how much of an advantage he had over him
Here
Shout out to KSI though. A lot could've thrown this event off but he kept it alive and still put on a show.
Your spoiling us with your videos
Jake paul will knock out KSI.  Also deji seems like a better boxer than ksi when he puts 100% in.
Love them or hate them but ksi ,logan and Jake paved this amazing and entertaining road of YouTube boxing
He fought the worst opponent
Honeslty I don’t blame swarmz for getting knocked respect is high for him but that “pro boxer” was embarrassing
I’m glad KSI was in the ring and has improved but his opponents were trash Deji has taken the show as he fought fousey and knocked him down🔥🔥
Great opportunity for KSI to get some ring time but that pro boxer really put a sour note for the ending of the event
Deji touched Fousey in ways he was never touched before.
stream was great bro 👍 hopefully next time jj fights someone who won’t bitch the whole time
Salty kavos
Deji's fight was better than JJ's facts
The fact Fousey was talking so much and got beaten makes his defeat that much sweeter
Pineda robbed back of the HEAD Fousey robbed , premature TOWEL Temperr robbed got up at 7 COUNT
Yooo
Loved this card but KSI opponents sucked
Deji done me proud
First
Aside from slims surprising victory the biggest surprise is giving kenny a win which was not deserved 😂
Eyyyyy
Pineda got the bag and dipped
LETS GO DEJI AND KSI!!!
first
Haven't watched yet but it's already a banger
Ksi fought the 2 worst fighters at the event.
Gg
Pineda got violated
Watched the whole stream, very fun fight card and very fun stream 😊
shut up kavos 😘
Kavos having another field day once again 😂😂😂
SUCH A GREAT EVENT MAN
I’m first I guess? It was a good show salt papi and slim looked really good
Firsy
KSI going down the Jake Paul route.
Olatunji Brothers FTW
Gang gang
W
First
hello kavos
It was a great event
