"Even in make believe land Ian can't seem to win 😭"
the only one i heard of was the one from epic meal time and i thought that channel died like 5+ years ago
Who’s the girl in the thumbnail?
Idubz 4 prez
No Hate my do you all do proffisnal boxing settings on a amature fight  No head gear or belly gear
WOAH I DIDNT KNOW THAT WAS DOCTOR MIKE IDK WHO TO CHEER FOR
Way to go, Ian…  You made Super Smash Bros. IRL 👏
La velada padres mas
Seeing Arin like this was cool. Ups and downs aside. He's a funny guy. Respect to all participants.
it said march 14 not may 14 very good job. seriously what happened to idubbz? he's such a hasbeen.
Ians girlfriends boyfriend is really supportive of Ians little boxing thing.
I always had a cringey thing for Ian, but now he’s conventionally hot so I haven’t been mocked for my cringey crush for a while lol
Holy shit hes put on a significant amount of muscle/weight
I can’t wait
Super good event looking back! I wonder where Sam was in the training footage for Harley though?
This was such a good event, top tier, the content cop music makes it even better
Ethan should've done the fight himself
Ethan Klein vs Keemstar at the next Creator Clash?
How are there no Sam Hyde trolls here?
My birthday ❤
wow. will the ring be big enough for their egos?
How the duck did doctor mike get RYAN FUCLING GARCIA as his coach! That’s crazy
aww man why the jake paul tatoo 4?
Asalamualaikum Hadir calon youtuber cilik
Good luck careful
MAAANNNN I LOVEEE THISSS
Is that chef in the beginning?
Free Sam Hyde.
Looks like the mastermind got a bit of his panties in a twist when the Candyman put his money where his sweets are.
Why does it say march 14 at the end?
Simp.
*W event*
man this is cool
Why’d you ban Sam? How do you go from being a the ultimate edge lord to the most softest soyboy simp?
IDUBBZ IS AFRAID OF THE CANDY MAN
What’s the intro song ????
Out of all the things in the world, The pyramids being built, The first steps on the moon, i’m glad that I was alive for this.
I haven't watched much "Dad" yet so I didn't understand how it was possible that "Dad" is boxing at first
who will HowToBasic box
brush I've bee under a rockkkk wtffff !!!!!!!  sicccccccckkkkkkk
the intro caught me off guard for a second, very nostalgic
Never heard of any of these youtubers except idubbz and game grump guy. Not a problem though.
Think it, Dream it, Do it!
The intro made me feel like I was in 2015 again for a brief moment and I loved it
Funny how idubbbz used to hang shit on jake and now he’s copying his whole ass life
Must be a lot of dough on the line for them. Seems like hitting another person would be pretty brutal, but i respect the grind. Cant wait to see it pay off
Why did you ban Sam?
I always suspected IDubbz was a little b*tch... now we have confirmation.  It's one thing to ban The Ghost of Kiev but he also sent security around to looking for anyone wearing his merch. Someone please make Yoko Ono give iDubbz his balls back.
Lmao
Damn, neither of the supermega boys got to represent themselves
Respect Ian. You were able to pull off compiling some great faces to get punched. The event was great to. I mean as far as well put together and I know that’s not easy. People think it is but they’ve never tried anything like it most likely.
2:45 L O L
Think it, dream it, do it!
I want to be in the next one I'll fight anyone fuck it I'll do anything to be in there
Hey instead of being a little b**** why don't you refund Sam the money he paid for front row tickets?
What a little simp baby you are for banning Sam Hyde. Give him his 11,500 back that you took from starving kids.
You took over 10k from sick kids mouths, you're a monster @idubbbz .
Iddubz the new Ethan K
People will be like 'Sam didn't do anything, banning him was so BAD!' and then call him based for being behind the holocaust as a meme. No shit he was a liability.
How can I watch it after the live event
Fay utubee  haannGgg
Disfigured youtubers cancelled meetings irreverent crushing beatings
Was this profitable to potentially do another event?
cuckdubbbz banned sam the man
Ian you proved how to properly put together a content creator boxing event, everybody respected each other and all the fights were really entertaining for the most part
Hey why'd you turn down 10k in charity cause you don't like Sam seems scummy
Sam Hyde was banned from a charity event. Weak
How's it feel puppet master
Banned Sam Hyde from the event... had to unsub just for that alone. Weird that you say he isn't blacklisted yet you blacklist him from your event!
12:12 Saturday, March 14th.  Be there or be square
Bro thought he could mentally beat the candy man! But got his own face smashed in!
of course the cuckumber is deleting comments.
It’s just pathetic that Sam Hyde was blacklisted from a charity event.
No kimstart vs Ethan? Or even Kim in general, he wasnt invited or he denied?
Sam trusted you
Edups lost, who would have thunked. Lmao.
Let him fight bitchboi
Was hyped for this but the way you handled Sam Hyde is a testament to your character, maybe its time you content cop yourself
YESSIIIRRRR
I wanna see a match between ididathing and idubbbz
THINK IT, DREAM IT, DO IT!
Think it. Dream it. Do it.
y no sam hyde??
You need to get grant car done and Jordan belfort
Think it, Dream it, Do it!
Where's Sam Hyde?
Think it dream it do it
Loved the intro, loved to see your progress. Congrats on making it this far, it's really incredible to see how far you've from physically/mentally over these past few years.
WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK BACK BACK
divorce Yoko Ono
Stop pouting and go let that giant ape train you next time.
say his name;  SAM HYDE
The puppet master got whooped by Dr. Mike. Ian's punches looked like wet noodles being thrown
Dudes a wierdo .
That was an amazing fight!!  Good for you.  I can see Irish in you.  You won round 3-4-5. Have a great weekend
Low blow, banning Sam is not something I thought the guy who had the balls to pull that shit at tanacon, nice. Get Yoko Ono out your life Ian. its not worth it, you can just buy her OF if you care
Creator clash but banning creators for no real reason
stick to your squirrel videos buddy, and quit listening to yoko or you will lose your mental stability
Yoko Ono lmao
I'll box all the winners of the event.
I stand with Sam ✊😔
I went with my boyfriend and it is the most fun we have ever had, ya'll put on an amazing show for everyone thank you guys sm!
Pretty disgusting how this guy treated Sam Hyde
Wait why did it say march 14
who ever taught u how to box doesnt know how to throw a hook properly u gotta go to the most ran down italian place in town if u want to find anything good
The puppet master got his shit pushed in by a fitness coach. Whew lads.
Umm where's Sam?
Seen the fight, great job out there and you did good iddubz
Well now im really sad I missed it
You're a shit can for banning Sam Hyde
THINK IT  DREAM IT DO IT
Sam created the Hebrew Hammer himself.
You can tell who is passionate  about it and who is just doing it for clout
Good job Ian. You did amazing and I love your perseverance and strength. Keep going strong. God bless
You banned Sam???..really? That's really fucked up...you of all people
Can't believe you banned Sam from watching the event at the last second, after he had already paid for 5 front row seats for him and his crew. Money that would have went to charity, real cuck move..
I'm glad these to are leaving a level or respect for each other instead of degrading to insults and false threats
So you host this but not even then you're uploading a video about it? jeez
S A M  H Y D E  we luv u Ian
I'm honestly so excited to see the next coming videos. This event seems like it was so fun to produce & organize.
i still can't believe how BM dr mike was. a jab right off touching gloves twice? what a joke. and then he did about 500 victory laps. calms down dude, you beat someone way smaller than you with way less boxing experience
I didn’t hear about this until today, but if I knew idubbz and Michael reeves and minx was in on this I’d buy a ticket. Also supper proud of how you took this the heart you have in the match was amazing idubbz.
THINK IT DREAM IT DO IT  THE IRISH CANDYMAN MATE
Can’t wait to see Sam Hyde go one on one with 10 security guards
PEOPLE DONT TALK ABOUT YOU BUT ABOUT SAM HYDE LOL!!
Congratulations!!
Where is the cop outfit..
My man really saw one of the most disgusting youtuber trends, took it for himself, and made it infinitely better. THIS is how you salvage culture.
12:12 Saturday, 'March' 14??
I defended Idubbbz up until now but banning Sam Hyde is a bitch ass move.
iDubbz is the Moses of YouTube.
I’m surprised you didn’t get Zuckles in there.. or literally anyone from the Misfits
Sam hyde was banned from creator clash?
Proud to say i've been watching idubbbz since 2012 (: all the way back when I was 10 in the Overgrowth days (:
0:50 I think this is why Ian lost. While watching the fight it seemed like he overall threw better timed punches and slipped mikes punches a lot more, but he just didn't have enough power and stamina to significantly stunt mike during the fight. Also the short rounds and seeing Ian get gassed kinda shows my point more. Both did amazing none the less
As long as Idubbz catches a beating I'll be entertained. You can tell he's not a natural athlete by how awkwardly he moves, regardless of experience level. With that being said, good for him and the rest of the people on the card. They all seem to be working their asses off, and I have to respect that.
I wish this youtube boxing shit would end its a total "fuck you" to the sport
y'all gotta get NakeyJakey next time, that dude will kick ass.
I'd like to see Boogie vs Frank Hassle.
is there anyway to buy the replay? i see no option to make the purchase in the link.
Bro I could have help you
Oh my god no it says March 14 in the video
stop being beta and invite hyde to next event, hes the reason u are getting a lot of views lol
Mad respect for you Dubbz, you went the distance and held your own against a titan of an opponent ❤
Sam Hyde strikes again.
Thanks Sam Hyde 😊
You got to promote this sooner than a few days next time, I would have paid to watch this all live.   I didn’t know about this until a day after when everyone was talking about it.   Promoters in fighting give months in advance. But good job Idubzz, it was great.
How does it make sense to ban Sam Hyde for being a brand risk, but at the same time being sponsored by a porn site? Besides that, it was a great event though.
Thank god aussie man reviews covered this not a single person wanted to pay for to watch this
Every version of the entire creator clash video just got struck down off the face of the internet like 2 hours ago. If anyone managed to download it before the purge, hmu.
When I heard the “what we do here is go back” 🥺
We want Sam Hyde! We want Sam Hyde!
Remember when idubbz said the N-word? Remember when idubbz said homophobic slurs? But yeah keep Sam Hyde out of the event because Sam isn't "brand friendly."
Ian you should create a Champion clause, the Creator can pick a genuine fan to take their place.  I want revenge for game grumps lmao.
Everything about Creator Clash was SO GOOD! The competitive spirits, the genuine respect between fighters, the passion, the effort, the turn out, and all for a great cause. It's hard to imagine topping this event, it was incredible!!
2 mins in, that doctor is faaast.
Good job in the fight man! Holy shit u killed it
Good Job Ian.  You were prepared.  You stood in battle against the Great Satan.  The Great Defiler, The Eternally Wicked.  Ye who shall not be named
1 month ago: why i hate influencers boxing (it's a joke)
Why was Sam hyde banned?
We want Sam Hyde
SAM HYDE JUST CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
Taking a beating like that… you’ll do good in that marriage
I just wanted to be the 7000th comment.
Ethan eating with the dogs while AB pushes up his feet is the best thing in this video
I knew this event was going to happen, but I missed it ): I didn't get a single notification anywhere ):
HEY SIMP
This is 50% gueermozesual.
Ricegum said no huh? What a shocker 🙄
He got smashed .. respect to all fighters ..
Ryan Garcia is just a better trainer. Thats all it comes down to. He's been in the ring very recently and was takin over.  for a bit.
oh my god i absolutely exploded when i did a thing showed up LETS GOOO
Even after watching it. It was dumb and worthless. Basically got ass handed to you for nothing
YT boxing was a trend like last year. Shit is old and retarded. If yall want clout do something amazing.
could not have been happier. this was less than a MILE from my apartment at my university. so much fun.
rip ian
Beautiful
Idubbbz GF banned Sam Hyde 🤣
Arin fucking kills me every time
What about odd1out
Bummer that you didn't let Sam do his thing. Would've made it a lot more entertaining.
I missed the event :( is there any way to watch it online?
March 14th at end??
Memes going far lol
*filthy frank join the chat
LMAO the announcement for the big event at the end of the video says MARCH 14 i was like what 2023??
I still wanna see Ksi vs Greg Paul
You an nick Fuentes look alike.
vsauce vs veritasium next pls
The whole atmosphere of this event is different. This seems much more fun. I'm actually interested in watching this event
He’s th guy with howtobasic
Bro was training with Ryan Garcia….. of course you’re gonna loose
Sam Hyde fans are like rick and morty fans, but at least rick and morty is a cartoon.. Sam is a grown ass person
Wow can't believe oliver tree is boxing a financial YouTuber
Oh no.. I tuned out and had to turn it off the second I heard Ethan's voice :(
What ever happens to odd ones out fight,
I check back every few months so see if this guy is still making videos.. nice okay bye
Awesome Event
No spoilers but I was proud ian
My God holy God damn idubbbz, you really showed heart and spirit in that fight. I mean I don't care if you lost, in my book, you won that shit because of how hard you fought. You took every punch and fired them all back😯.. can't believe how wore out you were 😳 and still you fought like hell, like,  "this is mine, I will win this!"... oh and it was bro... that shit was awesome👏🥇 it was an incredible fight dude and I mean it when I say you really showed some heart. I know now that you're the type of guy that when he says he's going to do something he's for sure going to live up to it, it definitely showed in that fight. I'm sorry I couldn't watch it on ppv 😥 kinda had life hit me an I was kinda off the internet 😔 this really did satisfy me though Dr Mike looks kinda like the bully I was in school with.. I never stood up to him always wanted to but yea.. anyways you sure looked like me woopin his ass if I did have and I respect you 🙏  for this fight, I'm sure the doc is a nice guy no offense to him just.. yea.. look alikes huh?
I know that's probably sounds dumb, but watching this event in the aftermath of it has really been influencing me to want to get into shape and get into the gym to do some fight training. Even though I'm already 28, I can see that it's never too late
Jake paul the king of youtube boxing
Sam Hyde comment
Haven’t watched idubbbz for about 4 years because I was in prison and today I was honestly glad to see how his nihilistic and cynical approach to mainstream content creators (and YouTube trends in general) has evolved into an actual constructive and healthy alternative. This event is definitely the most wholesome thing one could do to try and make a change to the sphere, and also have a lot of fun at the same time.  Haven’t seen the actual match though, but I see so many new faces in this video. Really respect all the contestants! Very good job, Ian, keep it up!
Who cares. Go back to bad unboxing
Imagine Michael rocks in with an ironman suit to box :'D
I want the content cop
Michael: I don't know how the fuck they see where a punch is gonna come from, and like choose a defensive option.  Also Michael: *has some of the best defense in the entire event*
that was fake as hell for banning Sam Hyde. I liked you idubbz but you wrong for that
BEST CONTENT EVENT YET!!!
Snowflakedubbz will get whooped
Sam Hyde
*THINK IT. DREAM IT. DO IT.*
Just saw the fight. Man I gotta say hell yeah. You did great bud! Great fight. Fuck that glove touching shit he did. You got some heart man. Keep training. You can be really good. From Hair cake to damn boxing. LETS GO
Was a great event, this is what celebrity boxing should be
Sam hyde should be allowed to coach harley at the event
L you lost
It is highly skeet of you to ban Sam Hyde from even watching the event.
i want to see ethen from h3 get his ass kicked more than the other guy
I couldn't watch the event yet but, Ian sir, 'you will be remembered for this one'. 👑
The final credits say "Saturday, March 14th"... I'm confused.
Imagine banning Sam from the event.... That's incredibly immature.  Left a dislike (not that it matters) and didnt watch this video.
You peaked with Hyde and now you pretend you're too good for him? You'll come crawling back to him one day.
Doctor mike: will break your bones, then help u get better
why is i did a thing so fucking jacked lmao
Why was Sam banned?
I'm happy sam's protege won, but sad the promoter was so small that he didn't let Sam witness it
Dr Mike cheated. Just made a video showing how the fight was ILLEGAL!
Never boxed before in my life. I would do go in the ring in a heartbeat. I’m about to start making videos just so I can box one of these guys
Omfg Salvia is in the shit!
I hope this is an anual thing, it's great, it's full of heart, it's full of soul, it some how, was very wholesome!
Bro Michael Reeves and Graham Steven is nuts
No speed!!!!! Nooooooo
ill take a left hook to my boy bouncer for that erik guy any day, wonder if he has a youtube channel
i did a thing -my mom is his girlfriend?
Getting fuckin' swole bro. Knock em' tf out
My boi sammy d     🖕🏿Still a ni66a ✊🏿
sam hyde
This is so fucking good. How this should be done. Great work guys <3
THE INTRO WAS SO NOSTALGIC 😭😭😭
Dr Mike Vs I did a thing next please
Please someone tell me what that song was in the beginning of the video
Sam Hyde
Why didn’t he mention Sam Hyde being  Harley’s trainer?
More like "Guy Who Created Some Stuff Back in 2016 Clash", amirite?
Anyone else really worried for idubz?  You know this other guy training with legends ... wtf
i'm so glad rice gum whimped out this is a million times better
intro caught me off guard
Very impressive fight, very entertaining, I went into watching it not knowing 90% of the fighters and never having watched boxing before,  but it was truly great to see everyone put themselves out there like that and give it an honest heartfelt go. Ian you put up a amazing fight, hats off to you for seeing it through till the last bell.
i mean to be fair he didnt look like a boxer with 10 years experience.
Yesssssss dad
The ghost of kiev truly turned Harley into the highlight of the event.
Content Punch!!!
Is it just me or is this thee most random like up
You spar like Helen Keller idubs the doctor is ready for ya and I don’t subscribe to losers
Where can I watch it officially? Couldn't make it the day of.
Sad about Sam
I’ve missed this song so much I needed this
i'm wondering if ringside is gonna be there
My fave colab: a gold era against the new gen (mainstream/familyfriendly) era. Now i need dr Mike reacting to idubbbz and papa Franku videos :v
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE A SIMP
lame
How many packages?
Hyde vs piker & cenk vs rogan when?
I really hope this blows up and there's one every few years with new unproffesionals taking boxing seriously and raising big money for charity.
Allow the Irish candyman to join it would be legendary
wasn't your last video about how you hate influencer boxing?
Ian has good hip and leg rotation in those sparring sessions. He really has taken the training seriously.
Great event guys
_Remember when Arin was funny?_
Lose Yoko Ono
Give the Irishman back his money before you get a pair of Irish sunglasses iCukzzz
Now invite the jonx.
seeing Arin reminded me of the sketch about Arin and Jon's game grumps break up.
Thank you, Ian. What an incredible event we all had the pleasure to witness. All those folks trained so hard and saw it through to the end and didn't back down, even when rough times were thrown at them, and with you at the helm. It's probably not my place to say this, because I don't know you personally, but..  holy guacamole you've come a long long way from silly unboxing vids in your room, and I could not be more proud of you for having the willpower to go out there and attain what you set out for. To me, there were no losers in this fight, only warriors with some steel determination, and I'm so happy it all came together so well.  I've always been a bit of a string bean, aside from guitar, and occasional walks. I don't have any gear, except a pair of gloves and a punching bag, but every day since I've got back from Tampa, I've gone out to my little area and let out the frustrations I have on that little bag, and i feel myself getting stronger, mentally and physically, and I think I have you to thank for that.  So thank you. You could've left the youtube game at anytime, but you continue to push yourself and there's something so beautiful about seeing that in someone you've followed for 7+ years. I genuinely hope you continue to grow in the direction you see yourself going and that it all works in your favor. Thank you for giving a lonely person somebody to grow up with, and thank you for every piece of sweat, blood, and hair you've sacrificed to bring us a laugh and a good feel.  and Airsoftfatty's Star Spangled Banner will live on in my heart till I die, that was one of the sweetest things I've ever witnessed. Keep on keepin' on, King. ❤️
Banning Sam was a shit move.
YOU HAVE HEART.  Its not about how hard you can punch but how hard you can get punched. The fact that you ( a smaller dude) decided to box someone his size at a public event shows there is NO B in you. My respect for you is through the roof. Your a F'n Man!
Where’s Sam Hyde! Let em fight!
Disappointed that the Irish fighting Candyman was banned from making an appearance.
So happy that the chef joke has stuck around
There should of been a tribute to the Ghost of Kiev; Not only for what he has done but coming back from the dead to train fat boy
OH SHIT HES LOGAN PAULING IT
I'm glad sam inspired you to bulk up big boi
Boxes with Sam Hyde once then makes it his own thing and excludes him....
Sam bought tickets for your event and you banned him? You don't even let the crowd wear his merch? You're pathetic. And he still won, he trained Harley. That's 2-0. He won the documentary game with your meta-irony bs and he won by successfully training one of the winners.
I need something like this in my life really bad right now. Maybe not boxing but a good goal.
I probably would have paid to see this if Sam was actually allowed to be there🤷‍♂️
Really cukdubbbz, going so far as to ban someone even after he dropped $11.5k, and whining about people wearing his merch to boot? Last I checked, being married to a "community girl" that whipped you wasn't very 'brand friendly' either, but lo and behold you didn't whine about that, did you?
What we do here is go back hit and I damn near lost my mind
Yo when fatty fucked up the anthem all the tymes was golden ponyboy fukin golden like it was ment to be the gods were giving us what was asked for 100%
If I missed the livestream where can I watch this?
10:57 yoooo look at his left arm.🤣🤣🤣🤣
Oh my good god... Egoraptor's hair is turning gray... I remember when he was a doughy, no facial hair having animator when Metal Gear Awesome 2 was brand new on New Grounds.... How time flies...
Lol, the drawcard wasn't even there.  Infact I think he paid $11,000 to attend and was promptly banned for his effort.
Honestly you did super well compared to the other fighters the fights before yours were hilarious, what a shit show
Dogshit Event. Sam Hyde owns Idubbz and his husband. What a trash spectacle. I wouldn't have even stole it for free. Harley you da champ boss. Hold it down for Canada. MDE forever.
March 14th? End card hello?
I really hope that I can get responded to in time. I really want to buy some merch from the event. The problem is it is forcing me to buy another ticket. I'm logged in to my account that I watched the event with and I can see that I have the ticket on my account, but when I try to buy merch it won't let me remove the duplicate ticket? I'm sorry but I can't pay an extra $37 just to buy the merch.
as soon as i heard that "what we do here is go back" i just got the biggest wave of nostalgia
this makes me very happy :)
If Sam don't fight the price ain't right!
Ian, you did freaking amazing in the CreatorClash!  Dr. Mike is a cheap shotting try hard beach
Not even gonna cap here, but I knew iDubbbz was gonna lose😂 I put $650 on this one and I won!😂😂😂 sorry iDubbbz but I had to bet against you lmaoo but aye atleast I won 650!!! Lololol doctor Mike was in so much better shape and actually has boxing experience. Out of all the bets I made this was the one I was the most confident in!!!!😂
This content creator is trash.  Idubbbz lost. Harley won.  Saved you some time.
Was the beginning chef song a call out to Max and George ? I like to think so 🥹
Bro you got your but whooped by doctor mike
Free Sam Hyde!
:)
Such a good fight, Ian. Damn that was good work.
Let Sam into Harley's corner
Thought this since my man started content cop but idubbbz is a psychological genius
Damn doctor had Ryan Garcia ? I think that’s why he won I dubbz did great I wanted him to win !!!!
I am MORE than excited to root for "I did a thing"
Yo is the content cop gonna arrest the guy who stole Sam Hyde's boxing ideas?
So did this event already happen?
When you do dumb shit like Ian banning Sam Hyde because who would fight on that card?.. You think Doctor Mike would fight on that card?!  Doctor Mike -  Cheap shots the creator of event after glove touch.. in a charity event....  LMFAO!!!!!  how fucking ironic..
I caught a cold at this event, thanks iDubbbz
Idubbz is a coward
Why was Sam Hyde banned? I thought you guys were cool?
Where’s that guy rice gum
Bro, Dr. Mike punching Ian right after touching gloves is such a B*TCH move! Like all that advantage isn't enough...
YOU FELL OFF SO HARD!
where dose one go to watch it now that its happend
What’s the song at the very start?
Really wish you didn’t ban the ghost of Kiev from the event right after doing so much for Ukraine
idubbz was wondering would you do something this for small creators like me with 200 subs I wouldn't mind doing it but thing is im in feather weight class only wiegh 120lbs give or take
You can try to keep Sam out. And try you might, he will always find a way in
No Sam Hyde at the event is bogus
your gf is a succubus and also this even is lame without the Boogeyman. Don't think it....don't say it.....
Just a few years ago, this guy was jumping off of kitchen counters and proclaiming his homosexuality.
2:34 yo that drell T-Shirt is sick
Really inspiring! Just random people, content creators that undergo this much change and build up this dedication. Inspiring.
History was made. Thank you iDubbbz
Sam Hyde better be in the tourney
What amazing quality in this show man, this should happen again in a few years
I have been watching you since you started uploading content and I have never been genuinely proud of someone on the internet but  it is amazing what you did would love to see you fight some other mfs you keep training and your gonna go crazy
Idubbs is doing these nerds some good tbh really a lesson to all the people that are chronically online
Kinda fucked up Sam Hyde was barred from the event when both you and him are pretty guilty for over the top edgy humor. Rice gum didn't spark your love for boxing. Sam did. It's a shame man. After hearing the interview with keem, and hearing your excuses for not inviting Sam to fight, I'm glad you lost bro.
We truly live in the future.
You fight with your heart, respect!
I can't wait to see Aaron Hanson do a somersault from the first punch to his face.  That'll teach you to kick Jon off the show.
Can I purchase a recording of the event anywhere?
YOU GOT R🦍 BY SAM LMFAO. Looked like you had too much to drink Ian
SHouldve brought in Andrew Tate and it would be a slaughter
man I miss cow chop kinda wanna watch now just for bret
I can’t wait to see I did a thing go into the ring
Hey, you owe Sam 11.5 k, thief.
I fw this old intro so much
Ian’s got the dawg in him fr genuinely would like to see more of him boxing
I need to see Doughnut Operator versus Firefighter Chronicles
Ayo who wrote March 14th at the end of the video lol
If this is done again in the future serious thought should be put into the weight match ups. Some of the match ups were a genuine disgrace and you or your team shouldn't have let them happen. You mentioned one of the key points of this was to actually look after the fighters. So not a single person in the team setting this up realised or had knowledge of how greatly different weights affect the fighters and the general safety of the sport or they did but didn't care? I'm a huge fan iDubbz but come on man....
Brett is gonna fucking destroy
Doctor Mike is like: I can absolutely destroy the guy I fight since I can stitch him back up after.
Damn. Ian went sicko mode to shut down anyone calling him a simp, LMAO.
:D
can someone tell me what the song at the start is?
Anyone know where to watch this, now that it's over
It’s all about the game - Calhoun
Gamegrumps vs epicmealtime is going to be the highlight of this year for me
That intro takes me right back to 2016
Sammy "Guns" Hyde , fight him
I did a Thing wearing shoes...
When is it? I just bought tickets but I don't see anything on the web site.
Never seen a video on this channel.  Sub only because of the boxing event, and the charities. Cheers from Canada
wanted to see Sam the candy man kick the crap out of the the hassan the weasel man
Harley from Epic Meal time is a beast. Good thing he took it easy on the guy.
Saturday, March 14, so in 2026? Serious question.
Matt vs nathan was such an unfair fight, it’s a full-grown man vs a small, fragile little boy
March 2023? Lots can happen in 10 months.
First I wanna say, I’m an Idubbbz fan and not a fan of the Paul brothers.  BUT, we are getting carried away to think anyone with boxing training can compete at a high level. Ian and that Dr. don’t have the athleticism and hand-eye coordination to actually be good at boxing.  Say what you want about the Paul brothers, but they are athletes and Jake in particular is a very natural fighter it seems. His footwork is decent and his posture and handwork his surprisingly great.   I know the is is a promotional video trying to hype up the fight and the clips are to make the fight look interesting, but man do they look bad. Ian especially. No athleticism, no hand-eye coordination, two left feet it seems.
You did pretty good against that guy who looked like hed boxed before. Even at the later rounds you still had your own form. Good stuff
everyone jacked like anything, training for a war, and than at the end Dad stare in the camera and his eyes just "I gonna kill someone and I will enjoy it" 😄
What an even. Was the most well run most entertaining matches out of all the YouTube boxing events
Really enjoyed watching your fight. Dr Mike made it look effortless
R.I.P.      so what now boys?
im a little bit proud i dont know these people
amazing how much sam hyde inspared ian, uwu
Freakin Arins clip. “I want a cookie so bad”. So freaking funny and fresh compared to other boxing events of just talking trash
🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢🍐🤢
"you gonna mess his face up" and he did, good showing, great event. even the people who lost good job being brave enough to even go up, takes balls to participate in this sort of event XD
Hearing the opening theme song gave me chills. The throwback I needed to hear. Awesome
Ian. You thought it. You dreamt it. You did it.
Dang what I'll do to box someone If I were more famous enough for this fight 😑
Idubbz took the *L*
Ole Homer Simpson strategy of trying them out by letting them punch their self out on your face lol.  But I’m a real note you did good, lots of heart for not just playing dead.  Did better than I would have!
What Airsoft fattie did was go back back back back 🇺🇸🎵.
Creator Clash 2: Moist Critical vs Liver King
So how bad did Idubbs lose?
THINK IT DREAM IT DO IT!
"Dr. Mike won't box if sam Hyde  is on the ticket" he said.. "Sam Hyde might headbutt" he said...  Dr. Mike  " touches gloves then immediately tries to take your head off with a haymaker." That was such a fucked up move... I don't think Sam Hyde will box if Dr. Mike is on the next roster.
Did they not mention the legendary boxing coach the Sam Hyde aka the Candyman
Well at least Idubbbz went a full 5 rounds and didn't get knocked out. I've never boxed before so kinda hard for me to speculate, but I know hes been wanting to do this for a long time, I hope he trains even harder and we get to see more boxing content from him in the future.
I think the Ryan Magee vs Alex Ernst fight was hands down the best one of the event. They were both so unbelievably committed to it and fought with their hearts and souls to the end!
so happy to be there. the energy in that stadium was insane. a stadium sold out to chat lmfao.
"iDubbz takes this event seriously..."  > Posts this on YouTube literally one day before the event
Can’t wait to see Sam Hyde go one on one with 10 security guards
proud of you man!
bitch move keeping sam out of the event you are soft AF
where was Samir hydel
idubbz performance was exemplary. also glad mr hyde got exposure. these docs dubbz has been making are more artistic and pure in nature. i understands why sams attempt to manipulate that was frowned upon. i say that as a mde subscriber and idubbz enthusiast. id say fan but honestly i dont really know what fan means
That even was fucking awesome! You and Dr. Mike both put up a good fight. Even though you lost, you still entertained the viewers with that effort you put in. I'm really happy for you two!
People only watched this cause of Sam and Harley lmao
Seeing all these YouTubers take this opportunity to turn their lives around for a good cause is one of the most wholesome things YouTube’s produced in recent memory. Literally every one of them looks two times healthier
That was maybe the best live event ive ever been to.  Be proud Ian, you really did an amazing job and put on an awesome show.
I WANTED TO SEE SAM HYDE FIGHT! Good fights though everyone. Not gonna lie Ian.. you performed much better than I thought you would have. Watching you spar for the first time was hard to watch. But you shattered expectations!
This event was great Ian! Mad respect. I drove 8 hours just to come see you all duke it out. Thank you for putting on this event, it was amazing to see ya in person. Hope there will be a # 2!
You did great dude congrats
Quick, cut out all footage of the reason Harley won
Needs more hyde
Let’s go Sam Hyde!
Michael reeves: be an empath it’s easier to Dodge if you understand
I’m just here for Sam.
WHO CAN TAKE A RAINBOW...???
WHY DONT YOU DO A CONTENT COP ON THE CANDYMAN!?
WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK
It's only fit that iDubbbz trains to the soundtrack of Chef the movie.
what is it exactly that you create?
Ian went from stickbug to fucking Francis Ngannou. Good luck brother.
The Ultimate fight  Chris-Chan vs Onision
Ryan Garcia is a glass jaw and a duck
I want to see Scott the Woz and the Armchair Historian beat the shit out of each other.
Holy shit what an event! And damn I know he wanted to win but you can hold your head high after that performance, full 5 rounds and never let up! good shit IDubbbz
Ian gonna get his as kicked lol
we need another one
Shoulda just squatted the 2 plates
Not watching if no Sam Hyde
THINK IT DREAM IT DO IT
It was pretty epic for the win
why does it say march 14th????12:12
cool but I lost respect when you didn't let Sam in
Get pooped on, also ididathing did really good you really mismatched that game he should of fought someone else I never realized how good he is and strong
Congratulations man this was what the world needs right now thank you
0:23 that knee xD
“I think boxing is cool and charities are fun” 😂😂
whos that skinny trans person training you idubbz? has he ever actually been in a self defense situation?
I can't lie bro, Dr Mike do lool and sound like he hit harder
Can you content cop David Dobrik? It’s time that he faces true consequences.
Minx asking if she could headbutt is so ironically similar to Aran Ryan, the Irish boxer in punch out
Banning Sam Hyde was such a beta move...
Someone’s missing
Ian is literally changing these peoples lives
the marketing for this was horrific.  i didn't even know it already started and i thought i was like really into the whole situation. really disappointing that i had no clue because i saw no advertising. you people can make fun of the paul's all day and be completely right but they shit on y'all's marketing abilities like fr it's so tragic
BRO MICHAEL REEVES IS LIKE LITTLE MAC
why it say march 14
I feel sad not knowing like 90% of these youtubers
What a bunch of ladies! Should leave the boxing to real men... but hey, the advertisers love the lady men
This is way too wholesome lmfao
This is like if a bunch of kids that worked at a grocery store decided to buy a punching bag and hit it for a few months and then put on an event. I will never understand why anyone would pay money to see someone “box” who doesn’t box… it’s like if you pulled some dude off the street and put him in a NASCAR race. Like, what do you expect to happen?
Idubbz doesn't have an athletic bone in his body
Why’s you bar harleys trainer from the event??
Am i the only one that notices march 14 instead of may 14 at 12:12
The evident difference in level from iDubbz to Dr Mike
Why wasn’t Sam Hyde allowed to attend?
why the fuck am I suddenly inspired to learn boxing now?
It's so weird that Nathan is boxing in character. Fits his brand tho
< 3 3 3
I’m so happy to see everybody giving it their all for this.
FUCK YEA man this is so sick
Esfand made it lesgoo
so   glad I  got to see this man set this up and try his best at the event still  can't believe I was there
No to start something or anything but, is it me or Minx gonna win by a landslide?
That content cop reference at the start
All this talk just for Ian to get his shit rocked
I loved Ian's theme song 😛😛😛
what happened to matt and ryans intro?
hell yeah
Holy Shit iDubbbz Prime is back...
C A N D Y M A N
Sam hyde must fight
12:13 march 14th???
Ian's like the gym newbie who gets over confident after hitting pads and doing a little sparring for a few months lol, Dr Mike's legit going to maul him.
Doesn’t this dudes gf have an only fans ?
so proud of you my lil electrician apprentice
❤️idubz but dr mike gonna win
CANDYMAN
So much respect you Ian (and team) for pulling this off this was a legendary event
smh bro really had me convinced he wasnt gonna get iwashed..........
Is this actually serious I am in amazement
Sam Hyde would be proud of Ian
That event was awesome! I think everyone showed so much sportsmanship. I have not heard of maybe half of the youtubers involved but still enjoyed everyone's fights. I would enjoy watching another event like this.
Oh no cringe
That 14yo boy is gonna get smacked
*I would of legally streamed this if Sam Hyde was in it*
Gotta toughen up to endure the cuckening
sam  hyde
Oh good lord Docs hands are fast. You better fuckin protect yourself Ian.
Fighting is cool and charity is nice
Cool event but you're bitchmade for barring Sam Hyde from entering the venue.
Bro got saul goodman on the card yo
I dubbs i want to shake your fucking hand man you brought back old youtube just for a little bit but fuck you are a legend
Seeing Brett makes me smile
Dude.... Amaizng fight. You did, like seriously great. Good boxing Great work. KEEP IT UP!
I watched the match and you were amazing Ian, if you faced someone with less power you would have won
I like that everyone is actually taking this seriously.
I'm glad Sam got a part in this as Harleys trainer and Harley won
Great match ups!
Ha ha, Ian got his ass kicked! Saw that coming from a mile away. Sucks to suck little guy.
sam hyde is a good boxing coach.
Y’all are looking great minx got some arms on her tho
This is gonna be really good
I'd let that Irish beefcake clap my cheeks
may* 14th 12:13
So why did they ban Sam Hyde from the event?
Minx and Hailey were hands down my favorite fight the sheer willpower from Hailey was impressive and minx was just an absolute beast
We want sam hyde
God bless rice gum for getting this whole thing started
banning sam hyde was a huge pussy move. getting that cucked god damn
RSK FOR LIFE GO HARLY
incredible event idubbbz
Alex clapped
Brett keeping the Cow Chop memory alive.
Idubbbz you're an absolute savage of a man. Respect for that fight. Also shout out to Airsoft Fatty for creating one of the greatest internet moments of all time by getting the entire crowd to sing the national anthem. I'm not even American and I felt that lol.
man, start eating - God bless you
HUGE congratulations to you Ian, what an event, but more importantly, the amount of heart and effort you showed was truly amazing. You showed more heart than anyone we've seen so far, truly impressed, please keep at it, you show promise and I'd love to see you slap up an island boy or Ricegum.
😂😂😂
"Ian. we need to lift."
11:18. Lmfao. I used to watch this dude way back in the day. He’d do like weird ass artsy acting and dance videos….motherfucker is waaaaaay more athletic than he looks. He’s like a fuckin anime character. You see him and think “sorta lanky school teacher”. Than in the next shot, he’s in a fukin pair of underwear doing a backflip, absolutely shredded to the gills. Out of all the dudes in this, I’d prolly be most scared to fight this dude. Just because, the dude reaaaallly fucking knows how his body works. As a dude whose had been lifting weights for like 8 years. There’s a certain point where you start to get an intuitive understanding of physics and your nervous system. Your balance becomes insane and the ability to keep energy in motion for as long as possible is a tool. I probably haven’t put on any muscle since like 2 years ago. But my deadlift has doubled since then. Pure nervous system and balance gains. That is why this dude would freak me out. A lot of these dudes were in shape before but, really started taking it seriously a few months ago. This dude….it’s hard to explain. If your nervous system gets enough training, that means your reflexes, reaction time, ability to suppress emotion. All that. It becomes heightened. Your ability to take on stress increases. Your nerves simply become more efficient. Now take a dude who has been lowkey swole since YouTube was still in its infancy and you get a machine….I didn’t watch the fight. But, I imagine this dude put on a fukin show.
Dad has an Ippo tattoo. I know who my money is on.
Yo can we get Ozzy Man as the commentator for the next event? That would be SICK!!!
Charlie better be commentating
That was an incredible showing
Good to see people getting fit.
Why was Sam Hyde banned? Makes no sense
Even if Mike won I praise both, but mate props to you for steppin inside that ring.
Was good seeing you battered for 5 rounds
I have 10 years of experience in MMA. DR.Mike's movements are on point, he's gonna take it
I loved Harley’s part ahahah
I’m so glad I get to say “I was there” it was amazing , great job to everyone who set up everything and to all the fighters!
Sam taught you his candy style and this is how you repay him? Smdh
Some Sam Hyde fans/crew were sitting behind us at the event and kept talking shit about idubbbz and kept yelling "idubbbz said the n word!" "idubbbz is a nazi!" like okay lil bitch, get over it. He's accepted the reality that its not cool to say anymore, even as an exercise of his use of free speech, but one thing idubbbz isn't is a nazi. Y'all just mad bc you wanna keep hear him say the n word because when you use it, you use it to put people down
Michael Reeves and the Dad fight were worth it.
Daaaaaaaaaaaaamn iDubbz looks good
great job in the ring iDubbbz! you definitely gave it 200%!!
too bad sam hyde wasn't invited, would've been nuts!
Can I fight Putin for an undercart?
Idubbbz you are awesome for doing this.  Having the guts to go against a boxer who has way more experience and showing that level of grit was amazing.  Hats off champ. Respect.
God damn Michael went off
12:12
My boy iddubbz, you looked amazing and this is coming from someone who actually trains, you put on a lot of muscle and from only training for this amount of time you did really well, you can take a punch and keep coming forward, I hope you see the goods rhat came from this fight and don’t stop because with more training time you definitly have potential 💯
I wonder who made idubbz want to box????
Got my sub and respect! You did well!
Mikes son
No Sam Hyde? WTF?
bret is going to kill that poor man
You really banned Sam hyde from showing up cause he would take the clout away from you. You're a balless man iddubz
Idk why nobody talking about this, but the massive weight difference is prob what made the Doc win. Were they in a similar weight, this fight would have been even more competitive. Just shows how much chin and heart IDubbz has, mother fucker was  62lb lighter and kept moving foward.
That intro hit me like a brick of pure nostalgia
“should a doctor be boxing” hell uea thats ur money bro id be worse than a doctor
*\/ Place Your BETS Here People \/*
Y'all thank Logan Paul for this
definitely didn't expect to see I did a thing in there, huge s/o
I didn’t even realize it was idubbs untill I saw his face 😂 he bulked up so much damn
March?
The original intro!!!
That dudes got 10kg on ian, is idups still alive?
thats what i waited for
All that for the L
one of the best youtube boxing cards ive seen, ESPECIALLY when compared to the shitshows of last year like showstar and social gloves. not to mention it was for a great cause, which is rare in this scene.  this brought the fun that the original youtube cards like KSI vs Logan 1 had, strictly YouTubers and no boring fights. great job!
Wow alex is actually lookin good
The outro says March 14th >_>
Is it May or March?
Damn was rly hoping to see Sam in the ring 😒
I didn't expect to go into this video thinking everyone looks like they're having so much fun. This could basically be a promo for the sport of boxing.
Man , great job with this event. Well done!
iDubbbz form looks nicer than the doc.
It said March 14nth, not May 14nth so I was confused for a minute, lol.
WHERE THE FUCK IS LEAFY
Was a fantastic show, I’m glad I bought tickets
Idubbbz. I here by dub Thee Lord Iron Jaw of the Yutube lands.  You got your shit kicked in. And you did not stop pushing and you did not fall.  You also put together 3 hours of some of the best shit I've witnessed on this site in almost a decade.  ALL HAIL LORD IRONDUBBBZ!
Where is Sam Hyde
lol L
Aye I didn’t think you had a chance but mad respect for going through it. Fights seem so easy but my time in the military and fighting there definitely showed me how much effort it takes. Good job though
Honestly was so impressed with everyone
🔥What we do here is go back....  back...... back....... back ..back.....🔥   👏🏽😃
12:12 march 14 lol
I think idubbbz vs Ididathing would’ve been a perfect match
All that training just to look like a lil kid trying to beat up his abusive father
@idubbbz you were so good, and this was the MOST entertaining thing I have watched EVER!!! Please don't stop daddy dubz, Dr Mike did you dirty with the fist bumb jab, f*ck him. Also, if it were fighting RiceGum you would have kicked his ass. Also give yourself more credit for the fact that you not only trained for this event, but put the WHOLE thing together!!!! Props to you homie!!! Much love Udubbbz <333
14 may is my bday and I gotta say it's been the best so far, because these fights were actually entertaining and kept my eyes sticked on the monitor
You got rocked my dude hahaha
That’s a dub event🔥🔥
Thumbnail: " smile if you didn't win"
Well fought Ian. That chin's made of steel.
It's insane to see the difference in their build during their little segments.
U may not have won the match, but u won our hearts
Dude you've never been in a real fight in your life. It wasn't a good fight. You lost badly. The only thing serious about this was your ego. Stick to watching your girl do only fans.
Amd that's how an incel gets his ass wooped. Being a pussy. But much respect for actually trying.
sam hyde
Egoraptor is so toast. Harley is a beast
Ian you got a chin made of titanium, idk how you took them punches from Mike, lotta respect gained there
School shooter physique 😩
I bet ricegum feels real goofy right now
THINK IT DREAM IT DO IT
love ian’s form he’s going to be great
👌🏼
put up an amzing fight ian, super impressed
I wanna box now
Kind of sick of these boxing matches...Can yall do an MMA match instead...
dude lost cuz he only ate chicken and vegetables
Really great job idupz. Coming to the next one in person, easy.
Congratulations idubbbz!
You banned Sam Hyde from the event and made him waste money on tickets, even though he trained Harvey? Coward
Sam Hyde should have attended this event. What a shame he was banned.
Pure nostalgia from that intro music 🥲
Death grips is online
Idubbbz got balls of steel, Imma call you honey badger now... dude you got no athletic bone in your body or cell no offense man, but coordination, reaction time and so on... and you had the guts to fight someone bigger, more athletic, and has tons of experience over you. if that guy just plain go oh I'm not a doctor today immma hurt you he might not be a pro but for sure he knows how to generate spring loaded power... just one of those hits you flush... man. You got BALLS!
idk why you wouldnt have any paul bros. or sam hyde on the show, it seems like a waste of good content but hey its ur event! good stuff!
I've watched all these youtuber boxing things just out of curiosity, this one was the best.
12:12 march 14?
Idubbz is a pussy for not letting Sam come to even view the event. HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR THE GHOST OF KIEV.
they all thought it was like joke boxing agreed, and then found out its legit.
How did this man pick every winner for the thumbnail except for himself sadge
Let's goooo Michael reeves!!!!
The Ghost of Kyiv sends his regards.
When I heard what we do here is go back I almost cried, Leafy isn't here, and you helped kill him, boy you better run if you see Sam Jeckyll coming cause he'll eat your eyes for the sins you've committed
idk who any of these creators are except idubbbz and the epic meal time guy
Sam Hyde is gonna hook yall up with a pair of Irish sunglasses
The fight was amazing you're a legend for putting it together
NICCCCCCCCCCCCE
WHERE WAS SAM HYDE ??????
Look at all of the Sam Hyde simps in the comments
Harley in the thumbnail but not in the video?
You accidentally put March 14 on the video at the end!
mf rlly put march 14th in the outro
Dad is winning.  That’s the end of it.
Sad to see you banned The Candyman
We need dr mike vs dad
12:11 hell,  March 14? Either this is a very early announcement or I am very late to this video. Edit: wait... I am late anyway Shit
I love Ian but I fee dr mike is going to wash him
Are we gonna get a dvd of the full event at some point?
scared to even let sammy in the crowd?
it was amazing.... and the crowd was perfect :D....my wife and i had a blast!!!!!
You did great tbh, Keep it up a bit more hardcore for a year and you could stomp him 💪 *edit maybe don't talk so much shit beforehand
I love this
Wish I could watch it broooooo
Why you gotta beef with the Irish candyman my guy?
next: kaceytron vs pokimane
this could be pretty good
Bro your endurance alone was impressive that's wild good job man!
This is absolutely amazing. I've been watching you ever since I was a little gay retard. I've always enjoyed your content I wish we could have the same content like the old days I think I speak for everyone, but people grow up. You and max and Chad and frank are like all so important to my daily life and have been for years. It's like watching kids turn into adults and im so happy I was here for the ride.
that was an amazing event
Why did u ban Sam Hyde from attending?
NO I MISSED IT! I'm so glad you can buy a replay
Much respect lost for Idubbz.  He's running from Sam Hyde, RiceGum style.
Imagine banning Sam Hyde like a simp
Congrats on FIRE event! Please eat and train well. Not only boxing but GYM too. Thank you.
This was an entertainment product and everyone involved produced. This is a great bedrock for future investments. I hope Creator Clash becomes a more frequent event. It was fun and it looked like real effort and passion was apart of this project. Great Job!
woman xd
Can't believe you left out Sam training Harley.
As unclean as some of those fights went. It's impressive so many went passed 3 rounds! All of you did excellent!   The visible looks of confusion on Mike's face when you wouldn't go down were amazing.
IDUBBZ KING
I’m scared
Nathan Barnatt (DadBot) needs someone insanely good to fight.
I did a thing Alex can face Dr. Mike next time.
Lmao Sam trained Harley too well. Idubbz blows
Harley needs to find someone his size. He said he only put in 20% effort because he realized he had the match from the first punch and that Egoraptor's punches did not affect him. He said he ended it when he felt it needed to be ended.
Egoraptor Arin can face Internet comment Etiquette with Erik in the next match.
AB of H3 and iDubbbz can go back to their normal weight of 165 pounds each and can face each other in the next match.
Brett Hundar can go backup to his normal weight of 205 pounds and fight DJ Welsh in the heavyweight category next time.
Man, ricegum really missed out LMFAO
Hey Ian, why are you so scared of Sam Hyde?
Thanks for the great event!
I am Beyond impressed with idubbzz after that fight man wanted it and unfortunately he didn’t get it but he was in it he went the distance and when he was dead and tired he stuck with it and was coming back from those big hits I’m beyond impressed
Dad trained 80 hours for 1 minute of fighting
Idubbbz said he didn't anticipate losing to Dr. Mike. Then he went full Rocky Balboa.
Bruh this is wild
It was fantastic!
you forgot to cover a portion of harley's training
Dude your chin is fucking ridiculous, you put on a hell of a show brother.
I hope we get another one of these. This was awesome to watch and it was for a good cause.
Amazing fight man. What a great event I hope you are your wife are so so proud of yourselves
Song at 0:14
Wow you lost, and so did AB. This is bullshit
Banned the ghost of Kiev.? While Ukraine is having such a hard time. Despicable
anyone else convinced dad is howtobasic?
Title of the video says May 14th, end of the video says March 14th, must be that quantum fist..
It was nice of Sam Hyde to allow iDubbbz to participate in his event.
Yo my man idubbbz  Mad respect  Most ferocious YouTube boxer I’ve seen.  Just a monster.  Need more matches starring you .
I watched the whole thing. What an amazing event I would love to see a season 2. The Alex vs Ryan fight was so sick.
Imagine being so scared of someone you ban even mentioning his name like he's Voldemort. YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM THE HYDE.
someone fucked up with the date at the end, March 14 instead of May 14
You owe Sam $11.5k you Judas
Saturday March 14th
What a great event!!!
Idubbbz lost his own birthday party man that’s sad
Why is this a thing ? to see amateurs flailing their arms in a ring  but then i saw the proceeds go to charity so have fun ;)
such an amazing event!! hope Ian makes more events!!!
This is just training for IDubbz. He’s really coming for Sam Hyde next
Not trying to be funny or mean but Egoraptor looks a lot fatter in real life than on camera
Charity money is going to the AHA, one of the biggest fraudsters on the planet. AHA: "Bleached and deodorized vegetable oil is good for your heart!". The AHA spreads disinformation that leads to heart attacks.
Watching Etiquette get trashed was a dream
im legit so excited for this
You lost
Sammy's IG stories were more entertaining than the fights
idubbz can beat KSI ez
Oh no, poor wittle iDubbbz scared of big ol Sammy Hydey. He no good for our bwand!! My girlfwend stole my pants :(
there are prob comments about this but the end says march 14. think it’s supposed to be may.   super excited for this
This was the BEST thing I've ever seen come from YouTube <3  Absolute incredible work to all of the creators involved. P L E A S E do another.  Dear Ace Family: THIS is how you do an event.
Man gave up and started wailing on him round 2
This is insane!!!!
lets make a petition for inubbz to refund sams 11.5 k for the tickets he bought
How did it go? Anyone who actually saw the fight?
Ian is a DOG! Mad respect for putting up such a show and for the charity initiative!
Cant wait to illegally stream this
It said march 14 :v
Your fight was really nice. I think you just lacked a stamina, but your engagement was huge, as for such short time of training you put urself whole in it. You didnt create any weird dick head environment around it. Great! Hope you heal well and maybe stay in this sport for sports only and maybe some similar event in future.
The fact that ricegum said no to this much publicity, says alot about who he is. The only way he wants to gain clout is the easy way, he doesn’t want to commit to anything
Yo
Nathan actually is the best athlete on here, dancing and tricks, and someone decided to fight him? Hahaha what kind of amateur match making is this? Your going to get ppl serious hurt
I think the most brilliant thing about all of this is that it's diluting all the cringe worthy bullshit with top tier memery...
Brett Hundley was a nice person at one point in his life hahaha
So scared of sams aura lmao grow a back bone
Haven't watched idubbz in years.   You were clearly the smaller least athletic but you showed some real heart very much respect 🙏! Great event.
This is one of the only PPV events I've ever paid for and it was so worth it. Amazing production. Great multi-cam setup with announcers, referees, backstage interviews, post fight interviews, and everything else that just made this event no different than a traditional boxing event when it came to quality. The absolute bonkers AirsoftFatty cameo though. 🤌
From a genuine MMA and boxing fan: the dichotomy between someone who has trained in boxing (even just for fitness) for 10 years and someone who has trained for a year should look exactly like the technique you both displayed in your fight. However, the fact that you took it to the scorecards and IMO won at least one round and borderline two, against someone who is not only bigger than you, has a better physique than you, but also has 9 years more experience than you is damn commendable.   Sure, there was probably a discussion about giving people their money's worth and making it last 5 rounds, but Dr. Mike 100% was throwing punches to knock you out from the second round and couldn't do it. I already had a pretty high opinion of you, but doing all this for charity and toughing that out and winning a couple rounds makes me think you're actually a real, good, tough ass human being.   Congrats on the success of the event and well done to everyone involved. You all did yourselves and YouTube proud. Susan better throw you all lifetime guaranteed monetization or there'll be trouble.
that music… dude it gives me dat vibes
iDubbz, you absolutely rocked. Incredible fight man. The level you are at in the time you’ve trained is pretty wild. Was hoping you’d have caught dr Mike in that final round and finished him, but regardless of result your performance was truly excellent
Paul?
I have huge respect for everyone that was involved in the event last night. The amount of seriousness and wholesomeness was felt from all involved. (And the fun!) Thanks for putting this together Ian, made mine and my friends night so much better.
Ian, I think I speak on behalf of all your fans when I say you put on a hell of a show and showed a huge amount of professionalism and sportsmanship. Thank you and your wife for putting this event together for such great causes. You did a great job regardless of the outcome. 12/10 the most entertaining event of this year by far. Keep pushing and continue to make awesome content.
Great fucking event, the best to do it👊 respect to everybody involved 🤙
Think it...
nice
March 14th ?
God damn it I’m so proud to see how far you’ve come, Ian. My brother and I grew up watching your videos and I haven’t been more excited for a sports even in a while.
I don’t see rice anywhere lol
It’s his birthday 😂
IcucckzTV
Dude you did amazing!!!!
Am scared of Dr Mike bcz he knows vital spots...n he can fuk u up
Team Hyde let's go!
One of Harley's trainers was banned from the match even after buying $10,000 worth of front row tickets.
I wanna see Dad box Man Ramp
Got your ass beat 😂 Looked like you’ve never seen boxing in your life after a few punches to the face 💀💀💀
Ay yow this is huge 😂😂😂👍👍👍👍👍👍 I love it  😀     wow thanks everyone  and iDubbbz good work 👏
Briggs was my old boxing coach! Such a dope guy
Hundar is litterally a fridge, or a big closet... So i hope AB is ready, this will be tough
pfft...jake paul would rock either of you
can I get in there and fight some of them next week? I'll even take 2 at a time
Dammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Alex
Best content creator event by far!
was such a great set of fights, so glad i got to  watch it in person! i was shocked by how skilled some of them were, they really took training serious 💪🏻
That stadium was absolutely packed, all of the people sitting in my vicinity we’re having the time of their life, and if you were to feel so compelled as to do this again I would absolutely show up no matter where it was. I’m honored to have seen it in person, thank you for the very special day!
Ididathing needs another fight
Lol Imagine if Ricegum fought Ian 🤣  Ian would have busted his ass!
Damn Ian was there a clause for Dr Mike not to knock you out? That was embarrassing!
YOU FEAR SAM HYDE
I never actually boxed someone, only limited sparing, im more of a jujitsu guy that enjoys muay thai. I feel like id instinctively try to throw a kick, hesitate since its not allowed, and get knocked out lmao
I hate the celeb worship that these fights are.
Doctor Mike vs Jake Paul
I just love how everything started and where it lands. Fucking dope!
Where was the supermega interview?
Icuckz
Bro you did so good, came in against bigger man with more experience and almost looked on par, im a martial artist but I have boxing experience and dude get control of uppercut and hooks to make your arsenal full, fight someone your size and gain experience which rlly allows you to fall back on technique and you already have a chin man.
Ricegum is crying how irrelevant he is right now 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Instead of the pre-fight press banter which is normally full of insults and faux-fighting, you should instead just have everyone sit down for tea and genuinely pleasant conversation.
Putting Arin against someone twice his size was an absolute garbage decision. But other than that I loved it.
Lol banned sam from attending and had to change the bout lengths mid fight. Hope you keep making content and doing what you love but man are you a real worm of a person.
Alex from I did a thing is fucking built
I love you for brigning back the content cop intro song, didn't realize i missed it that much!
You've lost your touch and that creative edge that made your content special. This event seems cool, but you wanting to "play it safe" and not include "edgy" creators is turning you into another bland milk toast algorithm humping channel. If you think Sam Hyde is bad for sponsors and other competitors, maybe they should all take a look at your old videos. I used to enjoy your humor, but now you just seem like a shill and a hypocrite.
Sam Hyde owns you hahahahaaa
GG you lost but you did good
When are you boxing Sam Ian.. oh wait you're scared
Discriminating against Simuel Hide was pretty lame. Like a jedi turning on his master.
It was I enjoyed the event.
Are you guys gonna refund the $11.5k you stole from Sam Hyde by banning him from the event after he'd already bought five front row tickets?
Nathan Barnett: “I can’t look like an idiot. Look at me, I already look like an idiot. Not gonna happen twice!”
BRETT FROM COWCHOP??? i love u iddduuubbbzz. Incredible lineup
You did Harley dirty by not showing his training with Sam, I think the game grumps guy might die in the ring after seeing that footage. RIP BOZO
so basically after idubbbz hung out w sam hyde he became a chad
just going through and disliking every idubbz video because hes a coward who stole money from sam hyde
Nobody cares you racist liberal. You and that sellout Philip D.
“If Sam don’t fight the price ain’t right” and it wasn’t
this is wild
its so refreshing to see content creators boxing or doing something competitive like this while also being able to be nice to eachother. all this ksi jake paul ricegum all those clout goblins cant match this type of content. well done 10/10
I can’t get over idubbbz having get got by death grips as his walk up song
Ian banning Sam from the event and then just taking his money is fucking insane. What a piece of trash human.
Not gonna lie, that doctor dude looks way sharper and more powerful than Ian,   hope Ian has put in the work.
You banned Sam? How virtuous.
Ayo idubbbz you were looking incredible in that ring . If that was your first boxing match you’re a fucking god
The guy who runs this kiddy channel has said the n word more times than sam hyde (this statement has been fact checked).
I'm only here for dad!
Why does this lineup look like the prospected list of Batman Villains in the RPatt Batman Universe?
Cucks only ban people who they're scared of a few hours before an event like this. Ask your boyfriend for your change purse back.
Are you going to take Sam up on his offer to train you? Seemed to work well for Harley.
Tried buying creator clash merch in Canada but my address wasn't recognized by the system.
Oh god! Would you look at all these F-words in the thumbnail! Creator clash my ass
As a Thai boxer 9 + years , Dubs is fucked sorry fans I'm a fan too
You are a goddamn warrior Idubbbz😈🏴‍☠️
That whole event was spectacular really hope you do another. Congrats to all the fighters they did great and idubbz much respect you held your own did amazing should be proud.
I love idubz
10:58 arm imbalance 👀
I fugin missed it and I had early bird 😩
Was a great show idubbz put in alot of heart to get knocked around by doctor Mike like that lol. The way  Michael and I did a thing destroyed was incredible to watch want more lol 😆
sam hyde goat
Man of all the contestants DAD somehow feels the scariest
Mike had bricks in his gloves props to Ian but he got fucked up
WHERES THE DR.MIKE CONTENT COP
What a fucking event.   Airsoft fatty singing the anthem was a nice touch.
That’s a young doctor, for some asprin I will trust him anything more complicated, no way.
This is just so dumb. who split reality recently. Why did YouTube turn into boxing
a 12 year old road man in london would one tap you
it says march 14th at the end
No one that stepped in that ring lost
idubz is slow af...
Please schedule the next event. Put Alex "I did a thing" against DadBot Nathan Barnatt. Let DadBot gain back the 22 pounds he lost for his match with Matt Watson. Or put Dr. Mile against either of them.
Thank you for that experience Ian.
Great fight idubbz love ya
I just wanted to say that you are a MASSIVE LEGEND HERE idubbbz and you went the distance. Could’ve gone either way. You really trained hard and it showed. Doctor mike fought dirty with the hits at the glove touch
these youtubers are so physically embarrassing hahahaha
You fought your ass off, good job to you both. You clearly prepared. That was really entertaining, I was impressed!
Really weird how Sammy D wasn't allowed to be in the audience. The man bought front row tickets and he was simply denied entry.  That's rather low of you guys.
Not gonna be watching bc no Sam Hyde
Sam Hyde’s training actually worked💀
SHUTTUP DRMIKE
Simpdubbz down
One step closer to a new Celebrity Deathmatch
Bruh, I was legit mad that idubbbz didn't win. He trained so damn hard for this. I guess real life isn't like a movie.
I wish I was more famous so I could do stuff like this. It would be an absolute dream job to maul influencers and YouTubers for charity
Idubbbz vs Doctor Mike was a very good fight and hopefully they can get a rematch.
The event was amazing, every fight was entertaining
Can’t believe I spent $30 to stream a boxing match and loved every f*cking second of it. Incredible work.
Bro I just want to say you did amazing to stay in that fight with a bigger more experienced boxer you have the heart I knew you would have  all showed skill training and amazing fights best boxing event done on this platform yet
Waiting for content cop after the fight
I couldnt watch the livestream but is there any way to rewatch it? Would gladly pay for that just want to see the whole event
Terrific job.  I’ve been around boxing for 25 years.  His size advantage was an immediate concern.  Your boxing and chin were far beyond what a first bout amateur normally presents.  I gave him every round, although two rounds were close.  All five were entertaining.  The size difference was the dominant factor.  It looked like a cruiserweight taking on a middleweight.   Your jab is your best weapon.  I’d like to see you double, or triple up the jab before unloading the straight right hand.  Nice body work too.
This is much better than any fake feud, I'm getting hyped up... for boxing of all things, and with all these familiar faces including those you know were just skin and bone taining and gaining does kinda makes you want to go out as well.
Can't wait to find a website where I can watch this for free.
I was there great fight and had floor seats set this up again 💯🔥
All the fights were insane it was a great event and good shit in Ian for all of this and the fight was amazing to watch
Sam being banned from entering is the most cucked thing possible. Dude trained Harley. You have no defense.
My name Chef
Love that Sam , with one sentence years ago planted the seed for this to  happen  ✨
YES Nathan Barnatt is in this!!
Where did Harley’s coach go?
Says "Saturday, March 14" has it allready been?
Go on AB , next step  GTFO from the toxic cult ! ✨
This event was so good
12:13 March 14th ?!
Bro if it had been 2 more rounds you would have been on the canvas you got lucky it was deciscion
All that shit I dubbz talked. Mike definitely took it easy on you and still busted you up. Fight was far from good.
I'm so fucking proud of you. You really did everything you said you would. It was honestly a homage to real boxing and still as entertaining as any other content you've produced. You fought like a fucking champion along with the rest of the card. Can't wait for the next one. Much love my dude
I honestly don't care Ian lost. He's an absolute legend for putting up one of the best YouTube events ever. He stood in there against a guy with more experience, ate some hits like a champ and threw them right back. The loss doesn't tarnish his legendary status. The heart he showed made it grow much more. Then if that wasn't enough it was for charity so we don't have to hear how much money everyone made or who still owes who and all that dumb shit.  Some fighters showed more skill than others but I think that made it more entertaining. Boxing is a bit boring if both fighters are too technical or defensive. Nothing worse than seeing 2 guys dance around or hug each other round by round
GOOD FIGHT AND GOOD EVENT PROUD OF YOU MR DUBBBSKI HOPE TO SEE A REMATCH AND ANOTHER CREATOR CLASH AND I DIDN'T KNOW AIRSOFTFATTY WAS GONNA SING THAT WAS GOLD 😭 I LOVE YOU THAT WAS A GREAT FIGHT THEY ALL WERE DO IT AGAIN
Bros , main event should be KingCobraJFS Vs Cyrax..............TMDWU
unfortunate that we didnt see ALL creators have an interview
Your editor got the date wrong. God, I do that in subject lines of important emails all the time. Sucks, man. Anyways, May is May, not March, rip
Oh nvm u r doing one side by one side
Why did you skip Hundar?? He is the real deal
Good job Ian. Fought nicely
This is just badass, you done good Mr Dubbbz
there was no opponent for Sam anyways... Sam is in another league !!
I watched the fight and I’ve got to say, fighting somebody so much larger than you, going the distance and throwing back hard. So so proud of you man. You showed so much heart and so much promise. Congratulations on an amazing event and fight bro
Now we need a sequel
I love boxing
To believe in Jesus, because: 1) He is the only One who emptied himself, to be a servant of all. 2) He is the only One who came to the earth and took an initiative to make a relationship with people. 3) He is the only One who died, rose again, and ascended to heaven. 4) He is the only One who dedicated all his life to live for God. 5) He is the only One who sent us to be the witness, to tell the world about His story. 6) He is the only One who claimed God as the Father. 7) He is the only One who has brought the messages about unchanging faith, hope, and love....
Dubbbzy, boy.  I think the 10 year thing was legit.  lol  No disrespect though.  I couldn't even have dreamed of lasting 1 round and you went the distance plus you won two rounds on my scorecard.  The event was phenomenal.  Everyone gave it their all and it really made me readjust my view on boxing.  Hope to see it again next year.  Love.
censored by the state.  not ur interner
censored by the state.  not ur interner
censored by the state.  not ur interner
censored by the state.  not ur interner
Real dickmove to ban Sammy from coming to the even when he spent 11 000 dollars on seats. Umbelevable  snaky behavior
This is the dorkiest thing I've ever seen
Man the event turned out so good, so much better than all that triller nonsense
Respect to all the guys who's put their souls into this event. So happy how this event was so successful. thank you for the experience man <3
You did good man, score was close. You fuckin stand through so many head shots, and you still stands like a king.
I love when people actually respect the sport and make it the main focus instead of just one person focused on money and fame. Edit: I spoke too soon lmao.
where's hyde
>married to used goods >defended used goods online and lost a good solid chunk of his fanbase >could never get a solid ground on the platform again >participates on a shitty boxing match  >didnt even bother paying for a trainer >got his ass handed to him lol lmao
iDubbbz did an amazing job. ❤️
You're tough Boy! Put in some work and hit the gym and youl get way better... you got the dog in you buddy
glad it wasn't rigged
At least you're getting youtubers in shape and inspiring viewers
Dude this was awesome, had few friends over and got so turned, truly surpassed expectations great fight night!
casting does NOT work. I wish I knew but since it is for charity I will let it slide. Really lame how I cant cast this to my tv but what should you expect from YouTube boxing? jfc
What’s the song he plays just before the intro?
couldnt watch it all. had to stop mid-way through. serious clout chasing here. fat sweaty nerds who want more attention than they already get. no actual life skills. fucking get out of here.  the only redeeming factor is this: we get to see fat sweaty plebs beat each other up. something we cant do legally anyway so... why not i guess???  idubz.. dafuq man? this aint for no bullshit charity. what is this ACTUALLY about?  edit: my guess is extreme bukkake
ISDFTPAR
I am very salty that I've missed this.
big thank you to everyone who participated in this, the fact this happened at this level, with all the respect towards everyone is honestly beautiful to witness
Reeves took out the stanky leg moves in the ring
This shit was way cooler than I anticipated great fights
Amazing event
Just congratulations on the event. It was fun, well organized, no over the top drama bullshit, just a good show with some wholesome and very respectable moments. I think everyone can see you worled hard to get this event right.
I Really have to give it up for *Arin* on this. I've been a fan of his since 05 and he's grown up so much 🤣 but taking those steps and getting a little rocked by _FrankenHyde's Monster_ really showed me he's still out there being a funny boy and staying strong! 🥲  Love ya Arin and nice try!! 😘
after the fight I have an entirely new respect for you congratulations you have an amazing career
All of the Dates listed confuse me
That was a badass fight, good shit idubz
Charlie Zelenoff is boxing
Idubbbz, I just watched the whole creator clash stream. As someone who’s been watching you from the beginning, I just want to say how inspiring and incredible that was. I see all the hard work you out into this and it paid off. Thank you so much. I’m so lucky to have been able to watch your journey and you’ve done nothing but inspire with this. Thank you from the bottom of my heart
They keep saying "oh he can beat a youtuber" but when you've been training for almost a year you aren't only a youtuber anymore.
Watched the match great job dude very very well done
After watching them both train it’s clear the doctor is gonna kill idubbz 😂
I cant wait for I did a thing to throw his rocket punch
"1 bad day" - the joker
Big love ♥️♥️ such a good fight, you're the mvp
I hope Ian beats Dr Mike. However, while basking in his glory, you hear a voice in the crowd. "It's about that time!" Jinx runs in to enter the ring. The real fight begins.
You should’ve let Sam fight let alone show up to watch - Literally the kettle calling the pot black considering your past content   Saying it’s because Dr. Mike did not want him there when I’ve literally just watched a post-fight interview with Dr. Mike and it sounded like he didn’t even know who tf Sam was lmfaoooo  Playing into cancel culture lowkey and that sucks to see from you bro
Is this gonna be the first real youtuber boxing match??
Dangit! I missed it yesterday!
Is there any way that I can watch this after it was already broadcast? I was busy and couldn't watch, sadly. I don't want to watch for free, as I want the money to go to charity.
iDubbz fears Sam “The Candyman” Hyde AKA The Ghost of Kyiv.🥊
Thank you Ricegum, for continuing to prove Ian right after all these years.
wow you guys should be so proud of yourselves. ive boxed and fought mma for over 30 years, i know what it takes to get in the ring to fight, especially in front of a crowd.  its tuffer than people realize. boxing, the training and conditioning is tuff..u wanna get in shape and quick..boxing period.  u both look fn amazing. even though u lost u both won huge. the event was great, not a fight was boring. cant say enough of how great of a job you guys did...hope u guys do it again. and idubbbz..boy can u take a beating lol joking aside..be very very proud of yourselves, should be an accomplishment in your life with little comparison.
I almost went back in time to go “what the f$&* you mean MARCH”
Holy shit dude I actually gained respect for you in that fight. Yeah you lost but you looked so much tougher than him. Every time it looked like you got hit hard you just went at his ass and backed him up
so march 14th 2023? or am i getting it wrong? sorry english isnt my first language
when on the 14th does it start at?? timezone?
It says March 14 at the end of the video
everything went well except that sucker punch
IDAT vs Mike is essential
congratulations, was planning on watching but my grandfather passed away today :(
So proud of you Ian and your wife, Doctor Mike and all the participants, fans, the trainers and audience, it was a true spectacle, amateurs participating in a serious serious sport is such a big thing and on top of that, FOR CHARITY! CONGRATULATIONS
you gotta train bjj idubbbz! love that you stepped into the ring
Is this going to be available to watch after the event happens? Like a rerecording or something?
WHAT AN EVENT!!!!!!! The energy was electric and there was never a dull moment. As someone who has fought professionally, both Ian and Mike showed legitimate technique. The blocks and strikes were world class. Congratulations to all who put this event on
Pain.
Your coach should be punished he got you hurt in there big guy.  You gotta get out of Los Angeles
Sorry but usually the More Experienced fighter will take it, I hope Ian wins, don't know much about his competition, don't care.
Idubbbz that was an amazing event. You did amazing and all the work you put into it really showed hell all of the guys really. You all did great and it was a well put together event many thanks
Insane
Insane fight dude. You seriously killed it. Nothing but love and respect Ian.
Good fight bro you def showed u got heart
Can’t wait to see Sam Hyde go one on one with 10 security guards
Dudes got heart
Absolute amazing charity event.
That was utterly amazing idubz. I’ve gained a lot of respect for you dude. Please do this again! Also wow you beefed up so much it’s incredible!
I’m kinda hyped for this. This is how you handle a boxing event.
You have to make Brittany Venti vs Your wife happen.  Please! 🙏🏻
I missed this intro
LET SAM FIGHT!
Honestly, the most wholesome event I've ever watched. Seriously well done.
My son watches you all the time,  now so do I, idont, wait iknow why., maybe cuz people normally grow out of that sht. Keep it real, stay unpolitically incorrect,  Ass, & isaythat w meaningful intent.
Idubbbz you are a beast and have heart ❤️ thanks for putting on an actual REAL fight
Mad respect you Ian. I truly enjoyed this and would to see this happen again!
I've never watched a boxing event before but i'm excited as fuck for this
dad looks like a monster boxer
dad
THE PRICE AINT RIGHT IF SAM HYDE CANT FIGHT
I wasn’t expecting the doctor to be so egotistical. Good fight Idubbbbz you did a lot better than most people thought you were gonna do
Love you Ian , great effort out there
Yo yo!!!! I know this video was made before the fight but I have to say I am so proud of you I doubt you are amazing but I am 40 years old I loved watching this fight probably more than anything in a long long time and I was tearing up for you during the fight hoping that you would get a rocky Balboa style a** kicking to your opponent even though I like doctor Mike and im sub to him I really wanted you to kick his butt man!  oh Either way you did so amazing thanks for the great content I'm glad to see that you put airsoftfatty on the show He needs love too!
The best event in recent times. Creator clash 2 when?
Creator Clash is the first sporting event I’ve ever paid to see. I know and love at least one creator in each fight. Can’t wait.
Ian, you showed heart like a lion tonight, good fight dude, you are the winner in our minds!
Matches to Make: Aba&Preach vs Fresh&Fit Alex Jones vs Hasan Amouranth vs Indiefox Joe Rogan vs Cenk Uygur Disguised Toast vs Rich Campbell CDawg VA vs Ludwig Tim Pool vs Vaush
Just watched it. Amazing content! Everything was spectacular wish I was there. Idubbbz please do more!
Holy fucking SHIT LAST ROUND TURN AROUND LETS GOOOOOO LETS FUCKINGG GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I don’t know if you’ll see this or really care but god dammit I respect what you did tonight and you won in my heart idubbz. You guys all truly went out and above to bring a fun experience and entertaining event. Great fights everyone and idubbz we all love what you did and how you went out like a warrior.
Creator Clash is the first sporting event I’ve ever paid to see. I know and love at least one creator in each fight. Can’t wait.
very interested to see how all these fights go, the even as a whole looks to be very well planned out and I can see the matchups being very balanced in terms of the outcome, can't wait to see it all play out!
The channel took a turn over the last few years. Less formulaic, you never knew what you were going to get. Controversy. Squirrels. To me this night was proof that you can confidently go a new direction and kill it, bringing your heart and spirit. To me it seems like Ian spent a couple years, well, figuring things out like we all do. I don't recognize the iDubbbz I started watching at the beginning. And that's not a bad thing, not at all.  Please do this again. I'd love to have my ass in a seat next time. Thanks for being a passionate human willing to change, yet true to who you always were.
alex ernst vs ryan was definatly the closest fight also airsoft andy singing the anthem was my favorite highlight
I've never watched a boxing event before but i'm excited as fuck for this
It’s soooo good to see everyone training so hard for this match.
Michael Reeves was honestly very unexpected for the event. But, I hope that he honestly does well this lineup with all the creators is an interesting one.
I hope there is another one next year, because that was the funniest night ever! I wasn't there, but we made it a whole night of beer, wings, and boxing, and me and the Bois loved every minute of it. Thank you so much for putting this together!
I was not expecting I did a thing to be here
Most hype so far has been for the Harley v Arin, but we finally get to see edupps fight after such a long time.  My concern for the livestream is the venue? I've just never heard of Moment House, but I see the chat 13 hours before the event is meme-ing hard.  I've got my tickets, I'm ready.
I was there and this goddamn event was so amazing. Truly magic.
Arin is my absolute favorite, I've been watching him for years. That said, Harley is gonna rock his shit.
MMA would be way more fun
Ian you have the heart of a fucking lion.  I swear, that amount of resistance to Sam who’s been boxing for a good minute goes to show just how dedicated you were. Excellent performance my guy!
Great job. You came in with a lot of heart and a no quit attitude. Even though you were out gunned this time, you fought smart. Even after getting rocked, you stayed in it and hit the body trying to open up the top. I was impressed with your performance and look forward to the next event.
I couldn't pay cause well I just don't have money to do it but a "vod" should be released with a lot of adds so you still make money....       pretty pretty pleeeaase!
How come I never heard of this
🫡
I doubt you’ll see this, but that was fantastic dude.  Good fuckin job
AB could have won if his coach could have been there for the fight
0:20 couldn’t help but bop my head
Dud, I've been fighting for years. Years of Kick boxing and years of BJJ and these dudes are seriously good at fighting. This is nuts ROFL
Was skeptical about a YouTube boxing match but damn I was impressed with every fighter involved. Tons of respect.
Doctor Mike: “making this event respectful to boxing is what connected me”  Also Doctor Mike: *reaches out for a glove tap and then cracks you when you go for it*
I'm sorry but its not possible to root against Dad. The real world test of the classic  "My Dad is going to beat up yours" threat to your fellow 2nd graders
Looks like you lost to Dr Mike. Better luck next year homie
Thank you speak to text
You know how you build on this you build camps so you have eye up cams you have my Korea’s can see you have blah blah blah pop and then you have fight nights where are you sponsor a fighter and this is how you get in the UFC baby
New fan of iDubbz reporting
I like this Alex Ernst. He's kinda super cool.
This was the single greatest thing i have ever watched. You were fucking incredible man, way to take a fucking punishment and dish it out. insane sportsmanship all around and a incredible event with such incredible energy 111/100
I would have emptied my bank account to see asmon box Ion js.
Great event bro.  You were punch drunk at the end there but ultimately you put on an event that was a grand spectacle!
clinging to relevancy: the tournament
HOLY SHIT THE CONTENT COP INTRO
Idubbz hope your good man! Good fight!! ❤️
Get wrecked
You were a damn good warrior out there Ian. Even though you lost to Dr. Mike, someone who literally has 10 years of experience, you definitely had him sweating bullets. Mad respect Ian, mad respect.
I paid $70 to watch Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte for the heavyweight championship of the world, and Creator Clash was WAY more entertaining. The amount of action, heart, humor, and respect on display made it hard for me to look away for even 1 second.
based
Awesome job
you didn't show the emt sam hyde training tho. kinda censury aye?
Epic Event! Truly the best content loved every single second of it!
I certainly hope the Ghost of Kyiv isn't waiting in the rafters.
Much respect, Ian. You’re all heart, man.
welp, 24 hours later and not even a million views. i just watched a clip and i called it lmao, MGK got rocked by a dud with liver spots on his nuts
Man I couldn't be more sad than I am now, fuck I can't pay for this :(, too expensive for a brazillian college student
Y'all went all out... Amazing boxing event ..
did idubbz set this all up?
Dr has better technique
r e s p e c t
Where is the Candy Man?
dad's left hook was fucking nasty tho
You did exactly what you  said you would, my man, respect
Great event idubbz, you did great as well. You have to do another one of these! I'll buy 2 tickets next time!
Awesome event! I enjoyed it all the way. Mad respect, you gave dr. mike a good fight. Im really in awe!
Good fights. 10/10 would pay again
...wait march? As in 2023? Yeah I'm gunna forget about this by then, didn't you announce this like half a year ago?
Harley won! Let's go! Kudos to Sam Hyde for helping with the training. WE DID IT!! THINK IT! DREAM IT! DO IT!
W
MICHEAL REEVES
Well done my man, you survived 5 rounds with Dr Mike, you did awesome considering he has 10yrs boxing experience.  His dirty punch straight after touching gloves was dirty as hell though, but theres no way his narcissism would have allowed him to lose.
Was a great show, watched almost all the people on the card
Damn
Great event but I didn't like that cheap shot doctor mike did on round two but it is what it is
Edupps gettin some of that alzheimers charity
Idubbzz just boxed someone with 10 years boxing experience, put on one of the best YouTuber boxing events ever in my opinion, and gave the majority of the proceeds to charity, what a champ!
You did great! this was the best, most respectful "youtuber" boxing event I have seen. Props. I want to see you box again. Jake Paul would never go up 20 lbs to fight.
GG
fight flyingkitty
Great event, great scraps and good match making 💯👍  Ian you fought really well, went out on your shield, heaps of respect honestly 👊😁
Worth every penny what a boxing event did not know a lot of the fighters but damn did everyone deliver also idubbz your the peoples champion u won that
sick event dude, congrats
Amazing fight Idubbbz! Absolute respect for participating in your own boxing event. Your goddamn tank and you pack a serious punch!
Huge respect to Idubbbz. The weight difference was definitely visible, we all knew Dr. Mike was gonna win but Ian hung in there and gave it his all. It takes guts to do that
I know you don’t want to hear from people like me, but that was awesome.
That was a dope ass event worth every penny,that was real Creator boxing no BS,Can't wait for the next one
Ian that was an awesome event and an incredible fight! Congratulations!
It’s not a coincidence when someone becomes irrelevant then goes on tour for something that literally no one asked for
You did great out there, this was my first time watching boxing and I hope there will be more to come! I loved everyone out there! For Charitie
That was amazing and every part went smoothly. Hats off to you and your wife, that was a mind blowing event dude. As for your fight with Dr Mike, the fact you trained for 1/10 his time and had a back and forth fight was legit. Everyone in my house was jumping up and down yelling. I don't even get that excited at professional fights. We all laughed when you touched gloves for the 3rd time and you stayed back because of Mike's cheap shot in the 2nd glove touch, but he was probably just in the moment. Thanks for putting on the badass show. Can't wait until the next one.
My uncle is @BonafideBoxing!!!😃😃
You win!    That was the most professional showing I have seen from you. And that's saying a lot. Beautiful. I can't wait for next year.
Amazing show guys yall but up a hell of a fight and I'd love to be in the next one
I hope Ian stays on it he’s gonna be a fucking savage
Idubbbz is still a king. Successful event, money to charity, and probably some crazy sexy times with the lady tonight. CONGRATS!
Dude you fucking killed it that was incredible
When does CC2 come out!!!!!!
THAT WAS AMAZING THANK YOU
idubz got BIG goddamn
It was a great night although quite awkwardly produced but that contributed to the enjoyment for me. Ryan and Alex was for sure a highlight but I can't help but feel cheated out of my money a little bit. Not only did the main event change last minute but it appears as though we got cheated out of a mystery fight. The website clearly shows two mystery fighters who I rightfully assumed would be fighting but it didn't take place. It seems a little shady to false advertise and click bait when you're charging forty bucks to view the stream but that's just my humble opinion. Other than that it was a good time and I don't regret spending my money. If there's a Creator Clash 2, ya'll really need to match fighters better. Arin and Harley is a very good example of this.
Ian put it all out there. Hope you keep training man. That was an amazing show.
This man is a king
w fight
THINK IT! DREAM IT! DO IT!
Dude great fight! Loved the event I hope we get to see you in the ring again.
Smoking that idubbz pack 🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬
HELL OF A FIGHT MAN!!!!! YOU DID AMAZING!!!
Congrats Dr Mike on his win!!! Congrats EDupps for staying all five rounds and standing his ground all the way!!!
r.I.P
Was a good fight Ian, we're all proud of you x
Idubbbz was out round 1. There was no way that was a valid 5 round.
**cough** **cough** where was Ryan?  **cough** **cough**
It was an awesome battle Ian good job brotha, was hella impressed, training paid off
Zero Sam Hyde footage xD dude. Ian, we know it’s not about bad branding, you’re just so obviously butthurt about whatever you think he did to you lol
just watched the fight, i didn't know who you were but you gained my respect and my subscription.
Maybe you should have let Sam Hyde train you lol.. You got your shit rocked lol.
gg's
THIS. NEEDS. TO. BE. AN. ANNUAL. EVENT.  PLEASE!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dr. Mike is literally the "I'm a healer, but..."
This blue gloves guy has some insane insane speed. Jesus. Him and the doc are sure winners
I hope Arin loses I don't like him for many reasons And also Theoddone's out because he's literally a r*cist guy
They should rename this event "dork boxing"
Next year???? Thats so far awayyy
I can't believe how much bigger Ian has gotten.
Yeah.. Egoraptor is gonna loose in his match. XD
“From cow chop” damn he’s gonna get fucked up
Amazing event, my god
Where’s Sam hyde
finally some good fucking food
I wish I coulda gone to the event. It was neat to make tickets cheap but flights didn’t get the memo. I hope idubbbz survived
I'm watching it live now, this has been fantastic! Way to go to everyone involved.
This is actually super cool
Where Hyde at? 😂
I'm just here for AB from h3
Lit amaze babe ❤️❤️ lv u hunny 😘
AB is the door 💀💀💀 I'm dead
You're carving lines into the 10 commandments tablets babe 😍😘
After ur fight. Andrew tate content cop🤣
I feel bad for any human who steps into a ring with Nathan Barnatt.  That man knows no fear and embraces pain as an old friend.  He's genuinely unafraid of being hit and has been fit for ages.
big money cracks me up
I Did A Thing: “…these lanky arms…”  Bruh
Hippocratic oath more like hypocritic oath
Where's it being streamed on
Does anyone remember that old flash game Celebrity beat down? This has the same kinda vibes
Never would of thought i would see the day when joey salads is coaching idubbz
1:37 maybe I’m bias but that looked like the fakest shit ever
This intro music is throwing some tony hawk pro skater and underground vibes my way
lol it says it's on March 14th at the end
Sam has created the ultimate weapon in Harley. Ready as hell for all self defence situations.
Sunday May 14th? Something doesn't add up
pog
Excited to watch sammys play pen tonight, harleys gonna eat
Hey is the thing at the end supposed to say March?
They Are so so bad 😂😂
I'd hate to be matched against Nathan Barnatt, he's basically impervious to pain.
You’re going to look like a real bozo if you lose
They Are so shit at boxing
Bro deadass, everybody sleeping on dad, look at that man, he's training in a fucking suit n tie
How can I watch this after the fact? Will the vod be for sale or posted anywhere?
No Offense, but Micheal is gonna hit the floor before a punch is even thrown.
Dr Mike will fuck Ian up lol
its all fake, just a prank
Sam vs Idubbbz is what everyone wants to see. But I suppose there are weight classes for a reason. Anyway... EVERYBODY wants to see Sam Hyde. Make it happen.
The intro music got me nostalgic!
No sam hyde in the harley sequence i see
M8. didn't know the fight was today right now rip
insane so far good shit
I wish they had gotten OneyNG to box Arin.
So this boxing event is canon to dad, count me in!
7:46 BOP
Arin?! From Game grumps? I’m in!
justaminx please
Idiotic
Really wish hyde was in this
I will forever love that Content Cop theme. “What we do here is go back back back back….”
Duuuuuuuude this shit whips ass!!!
Jesus Christ this is gona be sick.
I can't allow myself to buy tickets for an event that's affiliated with H3. -- Hope to watch highlights later on.
Aaron from game grumps was a total clown like I completely enjoyed his bit
Wheres sam
Arin looking like an actual fighter while also saying "I think charities are cool and nice" He is ready.
We are all here for micheal reeves
Yeah no hundar wipes it
Saturday March 14th. Les gooo 👍
If Sam don't fight the price ain't right!
damn that intro music made me smile and shit
They had NOTHING for Brett
Ab said “from cowchop” like they are still around 😿
Am i the only one who notice the outro says MARCH 14 instead of MAY 14?
Gonna be cringe as Fark. Like any other dumb youtube get together they ain't gonna be able to keep this on a watchable level.
I like how they havent show sam hyde being coach. lol.
march 14th  it already happened then.
There's exactly 1.5 matches I gaf about. Watch out for Sammy!!!
Have to admit out of all them, Reeves looked the best he had pretty decent form and nice hand speed
It says March 14th
Anyone think any of them are roided up?
Lets go!
Where is that monster who shot down 14 Ukranian planes, Samuel Hyde?
Want IDAT, Idubz, and dad to win i can see he's a big hajime no ippo fan
Damn they really got the whole anal set up for these guys
Did this finish already or does it start later?
One person wasnt allowed. His name is Samuel HyDESTROYER
Am I reading that right? $40 US to watch a stream...? Yeah that's a no from me
WE WANT SAM HYDE
Better than just fighting big people with a lot better experience "cough cough Logan and Jake Paul" but this is a really good thing
Hearing that content cop music at the beginning put the biggest smile on my face.  I’m so hyped
Idubbbz gonna get dropped lmao
March 14?
This is a pretty high effort troll. You even set up a fake website and everything. Bravo dude.
S A M H Y D E
"My mom (my girlfriend) was very very strongly against this" - I did a thing 2022
Can't wait for March 14 going to be so good. :)
Wayyyyyy too much Ethan Klein and h3 going on here. I let my complete hatred for him ruin this for me.
Today nights the night! LETS GOOOO
Hundar Definitely surprised me with that Mike tyson'esque voice! Beefy ass dude with the voice of a chihuahua!
Ian’s movement is way good for the short amount of time he’s been boxing! Sheeeeesh
it says march 14th at the end
bruh i thought i dubbbz was looking like hed do alright. but then i seen Mike. boi Mike is looking pretty handsy
I wish I could afford to buy a ticket, but man I can't wait to watch this whenever I can!
why isnt sam hyde on here???
The most impressive thing about this, it made ethan from h3 funny agai
Who's that Riddler looking mfer
I absolutely love how hard idubbbz commits to things. from his interviews that go next level and beyond what anyone else would do and now this, Ian’s an absolute legend
You are gonna lose let's be honest
why no mention of sam hyde hes kind of the main interesting thing about harleys camp
so sad you cant wreck ricegum face
At the end of the video it says “March 14” but I think it’s supposed to say May 14
I wish Sam was fighting.
Harley is in an obvious Self Defense Situation, he’s had training for this thankfully from the Self Defense Expert, Candy Man Hyde
i bought my online tickets but ill be at work for part of the fights so i really hope there is some kinda of play back so I can watch the rest of the fights later
March 14th?
Brent from CowChop can mess up all of these dudes
Mad Respect to Idibbbzz
Dad actually looks like a menace
Bounced on my boys boxing gloves to this
The promo says March
Can't wait to watch Sam Hyde... Oh wait, you pussed out.
Can’t wait for the Irish candyman to crash the event
We want Sam hyde
I’ve been a lurker on this channel for years, but credit where it’s due if anyone on the platform could have created a boxing event that was fun, with good people and have it be all around pleasant, it’s idubbbz, hats off brother
Respect to all you guys.. getting in there and doing this, putting a lot on the and it’s all for charity is amazing !  Good luck to you all ❤️
this is gonna be hyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyype!
He went from playing with dildos to beating the shit out of people
Holy. Shit the content cop music
2:30 TRUTH
1:51 *The Pauls: **_And we took that personally…_*
Looks like it will be a great event, but it's a little more than I'm willing to pay for an event.  I wish good luck to everyone and hope the event is a banger!
JUST TWO MORE HOURS, YALL.
If dad loses, it will be the upset of the century.
Why does the end of the video say March 14th lol
lame not to have the sam Hyde hype in the Harley segment
stinker...
CANNOT WAIT TO WATCH S'M HIDE FIGHT
That into caught me off guard
Michael Reeves about to whoop not just one person, but go on a complete fxcking rampage and beat the shit out of all of the other fighters, for science.
The end of your video says march 14
Intro gave me memories
Ricegum created something good for once
Why the fuck has YouTube become a thing where you beat the shit out of another YouTuber…   What the fuck is the world coming too
The doc has INSANE technique for an amateur, I think Ian is in for a tough night, but i give Ian the highest of props for training his ass off, getting big, in shape and developing some pretty solid boxing foundations too. There's always a punchers chance, and who knows, maybe Ian just pulls a cat out of the bag and proves me wrong, I hope he does. Big up to both guys, put on a great show 🤟
12:12  SATURDAY, MARCH 14 So when is this actually happening?
Where's Sam? Who are these fruit cakes?
Derhhh im idubbz and i have a mustache and want nice people who will blow me to box me.... Yea sweet ass dr mike will do derrhhh
WHOA! Is that the famous and rich YouTube duo Matt Watson and Ryan Magee from good Boi Christian YouTube channel, SUPERMEGER!? Whoaohjopbwbooooo
where is max and chad
Freaked out for a sec when it said March 14 at 12:12
I got goosebumps when that song started in the intro. Nostalgia hit me Hard.
Damn, it's not till March
God this has to be an annual thing.
You hated influencer boxing so you fixed it by making it more then a thousand times better.
Miss that intro 🤌🏻
This really looks sooo sooo good!!! So many content creators I like but didn’t know we’re boxing :)
As some one who had been in competition for wrestling and BJJ the comment at 8:00 killed me
NGL I hate fighting of any kind, boxing is okay but I hate the brain injuries lol!! But this looks cool enough to watch, for free somewhere! XD
Too scared for Sam Hyde no thanks.
Wait so caption says May 14 but vid says March 14?
THANK YOU IDUBBBZ
Don't let this event distract anyone from the fact that Asian Jake Paul is a massive fucking coward
I wasn't aware that idubbz is gay
Hype
lol March 14 12:14
Idubbbz is really not a good boxer. Doesn’t look like he has the technique or the heart
Is it may 14 (video title) or match 14 (end video advertisement)? Did it happen already? Is it next year?
Sam hyde
Much respect to Nathan Barnett for the Ippo Tattoo
I can't stand that Irish woman. I'd love to see her knocked out, but she is going to win.
Interesting that IDubbz didn't show footage of Harley training with the Ghost of Kiev.
Dad going in on that heavy in business causal was low key scary.
At the end it says March 14th instead of May 14th, I thought this was happening next year lol
I know this will all be staged but let’s be real… Dr Mike would beat IDubz ass lol
This will be one for the books
Rt games should do this
Saturday march 14
I got confused by the march 14 at the end of the video xD i was like wtf next year? damn
I’m really looking forward to the game grump vs the epic meal timer. And Idubbs v doc. Good luck all of you. Also dad actually looks like he boxes for real judging by that quick clip. Don’t die Matt.
Gonna be very surprised if Michael Reeves doesn't win, from watching him with his training he had so much power and speed behind every punch. Plus he's muscular as hell
Okay what the fuck Erik, you've got a clip of long hair you that works for THIS?
March 14th lol
Just bought my tickets! Can't wait
Says March 14th at the end…. Surely not?
One tip. Tell me people the starting time. I can't figure out when this fucker is supposed to begin
This was so fucking wholesome! I really appreciate that you guys were not making fake drama and just respecting each other, brought a tear to my eye. No matter who wins, everyone wins just because of this awesome display of sportsmanship. Thanks iDubs for setting this thing up!
Is the event going to be recorded? I wanted to be able to watch it at a later time.
WE WANT SAM HYDE.
Only fight I care about is the heavy weight card.
Rice gum still scared huh? Damn
is that Ripsquad @ 1:48 ?
content cop on dr mike if u lose
At 12:12 was it supposed to say March 14th??
is it going to be streamed?
THINK IT, DREAM IT, DO IT!
You can't avoid Sam Hyde forever Idubbz!
Think it dream it do it
Excited to see dad
$30 just isnt worth it…
Your video says march 14, but other places seeing may 14th?
If you really think about it: Jinx has started Youtube Boxing by challenging iDubbbz to a fight.  The only thing is he is also the first Youtuber to pussy out on a fight.
Not gonna lie, when I saw the thumbnail and title for this I thought it was gonna be utter shite. I’m glad I watched the whole video, the assortment of different youtubers from so many different areas of youtube. The this event is gonna be dope!
IM SO EXCITED THAT THIS IS IN FLORIDA!!!!!!!
The intro gave me flash backs to the content cop days 😢
youtuber flicker jabs?
I'm happy this is happening on my birthday
the transformations are crazy
I really very much hope Keith Apicary doesn't make a return. That would be sooooo terrible... nathanpls
lmao
What we do here is go back back back back
Didn’t know how stoked I’d be to see this until this video! Can’t wait to see it! 🙂 Wish I could be there in person D:
No fucking way i did a thing and odd1sout are boxing that i wanna see
Eclipse on the 15th
Hey man, i saw you on the plane to Florida. I was a few seats behind to your right. Felt a bit awkward to say it at the time and also got into a conversation with the bald dude beside me about cryptocurrency stuff (his name was Thor, pretty awesome name) but good luck and I'm looking forward to the event
Someone tell him to fix it saying march 14th at 12:12
remember when he used to use the n word all the time
I can’t wait to watch Ryan fight!! But still scared for Matt
I haven't been this hyped in a while, chicken meat stick
AB LETS GOOO FAMILY! FAMILY! FAMILY!!!!
The scariest part about Michael Reeves is his commitment. Once he sets his mind on something, he achieves it.  He's a mad scientist with an insane work-ethic to match
I was there in Boston and had no idea just how tall doctor mike is
I hope this does well, everyone seems to have really put their best foot forward and it's great to see it going towards a good cause I stead of mindless clout chasing and shit talking
Just bought a ticket, I'm going to watch it while at work lol.
Got my ticket hyped as fuck.
yeah this is the first fight I've ever paid for period this looks really fun
Sam “The white Francis Nagannou” Hyde is not on here?!?!?!? WTF
i love the idea behind this, purely about sport. but man that doctor throws heaters
Sam Hyde
Honestly this is gonna be the most successful Boxing event in YouTube history.
NATHAN BARNATT!!!!
If it's called creator clash, does that mean idubbz isn't fighting?
If Sam don’t fight the price ain’t right!
I got into boxing last year, fighting in a charity match. Won my fight and have fallen in love with the sports ever since. Good luck to all!
Ian, Harley, EggoRaptor/ Akex Ernst... this is good youtube/oldish youtube being remastered it feels. Im actually excited more than what the Pauls created.
wow I wouldve bought tickets earlier if I knew it was in tampa back when you first told us to buy tickets early
I want to see Mike cut Ian open, then involuntarily switch into doctor mode and lose focus, leaving him open for a massive hook.
THE GHOST OF KIEV WILL LOOM THE TOURNAMENT
this formatting was really awful. should not have gone through all of player ones and then all of player two as I kept wanting to pause the video at the shortest most temporary screen in order to see who this guy is fighting
I'm so fucking stoaked for this shit. Gonna be fucking awesome. Everyone has such respect for the others and the event.
it says saturday MARCH 14th at the end of the video 12:12
When the good guys box
WHERE IS SAM HYDE
Doctor vs cancer patient, the fight will be epic
It says March 14, not May 14 at the end
Fight Sam Hyde ya puss
The Ippo tattoo seals it for me, Matt is going to get his shit pushed in by a Dempsey roll.
Who are these guys
Mr. Hyde better be an unlockable character or you did him dirty
why are they all j*wish
ITS THE SONG FROM THE FAMOUS MOVIE CHEF
FIFTY DOLLARS? SEE YALL IN THE PIRATED STREAM
Let’s go Idubbz! Thank you for the content cop intro song!
March 14th?
Dr mike about to knock this dude out 😂😂
You know this is great all in all but what we really need is a youtuber wrestling event like WWE style i wanna see suplexes, rko's, spears, figure 4 leg lock, people getting hit in the head with steel chairs now that would be something
Hyped up!!!
When is your friend and previous content co-creator Sam Hyde Fighting?
Let's gooooo
Without sam hyde this has zero hype. How does the saying go again?
Ohhhh justaminxs just sit on my face...... ahhhh good luck 👍wat I ment.... nice place for u to rest during the rounds 😬
Looking forward to this!!! I grew up with most of these guys. And seeing how far they have come is amazing
Lmao is this actually £25 to stream?
12:12 whoops
ILL SEE YOU GUYS AND GALS THER!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA IM SO EXCITED!!!!! NDJ LKASJDE ASLK<JND ASKLLKJD AS:L
Ricegum is probably regretting being a big cuck for money with the level of clout here, aye?
Arin with no training footage loollll. Eating that beer
Anyone know what time this starts
I want Ian to win but honestly I think Mike has it
Poor matt 😂
why dose it say march at the end was it a typo or am i missing something
A gym with a Cesar Chavez poster is legit.
I hope AB gets a few punches to deflate that ego a bit.
Brett vs ab is easily my most looked forward to match
Calling it here rn winners are Dr Mike  Harley  Michael reeves  Odd ones out Not minx Idk anyone else, if I get 4 out of 5 I'll be happy
rooting for Ian, Michael, and Erik<3 crazy to see all of my top fav youtubers killing each other
Sam Hyde
The "what we do here is go back" brought back so many memories
This makes me WANT to do pushups.. Is this what toxic masculinity feels like? - I LIKE.
The amount of nostalgia I got from the intro made my graduation week a whole better thanks dubbzz man
Internet comment etiquette for the win lol
Yo Edoobbbz I just want to say that this is not only amazing because of everyone’s passion, but for their motivation to get into better shape and exercise. This has motivated me so much and I just want to thank you. Been watching you since 2015. Much love.
he is actually doing it
Does it start at 4 or 6?
This is gonna be a total disaster and I'm here for it.
This is going to be good
This is the first public sports match I’ve ever watched or paid for and I’m so excited
Michael Reeves go watch Pacquiao, his blood runs through you!!
Think It, Dream It, Do It, Think It, Dream It, Do It
I'm so excited
12:13 - Wrong date guys
I did not expect DAD of all YouTube to be here, but honestly I should have.
SUPER MEGA
I really didn't want to ethans face. Now I can't finish my meal. That guy makes me sick.
idubbbz reminds me of tom shoaff
Only way im watching is if you get chad vs ethan klien
Sorry but Dr Mike going to KO Idubbz 100% I’ll feel bad for him setting it all up then getting knocked out
The price ain't right if Sam don't fight
Did Arin do any training at all? I hope that intro bit he did is just to throw everybody off  and he’s gonna enter the ring super fit. It really just looks like he didn’t take the event seriously
Let Sam fight.
Omg it’s the guy from The Tester
Is there anywhere to legitimately watch this after it’s been done? Stuck at work all day so live is out of the question unfortunately.
Ian looks like a well fed Holocaust victim
Its just weird.  I am sure it will be entertaining though.
I just love that this sprouted from the same ol' internet beef, and it's turned into something so wholesome and genuinely exciting. All of these people are taking it seriously, and it appears that they all have pure intentions. Can't wait.
My boii lookin jacked
Not gonna lie I thought Joey Salads was his trainer
Woaaah bretts fighting?
I'm not too hopeful on Minx's fight, but im glad to see how she and everyone is taking this seriously!  Gonna be honest though, Michael is gonna get obliterated
Good to get people out of their comfort zone and open their eyes all for a good course good job ian
Todays my birthday.
wow that intro music really takes me back
Can’t wait but missed opportunity to make Hassan fight Sam Hyde
FYI, at 12:12 it says March 14 and not May 14.
Think It! Dream It! Do It!
Landed in Tampa this morning!! I’m so hyped!
this is gonna be so fucking cool
Wow hearing this song has brought me back!! So ducking hyped for this!!!
Imagine doctor mike is the chosen one  To defeat Jake Paul
30$ To watch stream gotdamn idubs the new jake Paul
Sam must fight
I dig the Dope as Yola music in the background. This is gonna be liiiiiiiiiiit
unfortunately payday doesnt come till next friday :/
damnit i wanted to see matt and Ryan talk
why the fux sam hyde not in this event?
Bro that H3H3 guy is about to be ripped apart from the cow chop guy. That dude has been ripped for years
March 14?
Should a doctor be boxing? Dude if I'm boxing someone i love to fight a doctor so when i got knocked out there is someone who can make sure I'm okay
Poggers bro
Let's go AB!
Hajime no ippo? Matt is dead!
DAgnabbit. I have work today so Im gonna miss it. No fair.....
Is there sone kind of strategy by wearing a beanie hat while training?
Arin is only gonna land the first hit, and the only reason why is cause Harley will let him so that his Sam Hyde self defense training kicks in.
Yo shouldve shown Harleys real boxin coach Mr dubb boy
If your late to watching the event will you be able to rewind it or is it purely a live stream?
I have nothing but respect for boxing and all the fighters involved in this event. Thank you iDubbbz for your service. This is a good thing you're doing
ICONIC WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BA BA BA BACK
What's the song he plays in the beginning?
Minx the Destroyer!!!!!!!!
now this is youtube content
The price still ain't right but at least Sam will be vicariously fighting through Harley. I wont be paying to watch this event but I'd like to let it be known that I would've gladly payed any sum of money to see Sam Hyde demolish Hasan Piker.  *THINK IT* *DREAM IT* *DO IT*
Good promo bro, Canelo Alvarez lost last week as of this comment, but true times AB will not be competent destroyed by hundar
My god, this is going to be epic
YouTubers are still boxing each other? Literally just kids with too much money.
March? Damn, I missed it. Who won?
This is literally irl smash. I'm so excited!
idbuz is such a tuff ass beefcake he's scaring me over here
Alex Ernst looks like a fucking agent for some government agency, he could be james bond
so guys I'm broke , is there anybody who's going to stream the fight on discord? :)
Holy smokes Odd1 was actually training to fight Idid, I just knew this now since he opened a fitness journey.
At the end it’s says Saturday March 14 and then May 14 it you wanted to fix it
The highlight is definitely Michael "Pacquiao's distant cousin" Reeves.
Today is the day
Can’t wait to watch it for free
Excited for minx
Harley is going to maul arin
If idubbbz wins some how ill shit bricks
minx is gonna eat that girl alive it's not even gonna be close
So many of these dudes have clips have them saying the hard r with the n word but thank god Sam “Brand Risk” Hyde isn’t here
I wanna watch just for Arin🤣🤣 seriously though you're all gonna crush it and I love this❤️
Can’t believe the same guy who made the Cake trilogy is now organizing Internet personality boxing matches
March the 14? do they mean May the 14th? am I just seeing things. At the end of the video it says March the 14th.
this is more exciting than a mayweather fight! Can't wait to watch it.
Not me waking up at the crack of dawn to watch this!! I’m so hyped 🇦🇺
The content cop music though 🥹🥲
Please someone tell me if I can watch this after the fact. I’m still wanting to pay, but I’m working all day and will miss the live event.
My life was incomplete until I watched Minx jump rope.
Arin's gonna hit him with the UNAVOIDABLE CHIN MORE
Today's the day!!! I'm ready to see fists collide!!!
I was just asking myself, “what happened to idubbbz?”  Glad to see we made it bois! Good luck tonight everyone!
Sam Hyde should’ve been here @hydewars
No footage of Harley training with Sam?
This event starts at 6AM in my country
I am so pumped for this event ❤️
Why did you have to bring Ethan into this, just made everyting worse tbh
Respect to dad for that Hajime no Ippo tattoo at the end. Not many people talk about that manga/anime. Manga is heavy underrated
Ricegum you're the biggest Joke on YT
I liked you when you were edgy, now you’re a politically correct cuck….. wtf happened bud?
Ryan is in trouble
Two days with the maniac would of showed Ian how to act in a self defense kind of situation. Hopefully he’s aggressive enough. The doctors Ellen DeGeneres attitude on air kinda scares me man he might maul you 😂
Umm does that say March 14th?? Isn’t it tomorrow?
Awesome hype trailer! Seeing a bunch of people train hard for and enter into a very competitive sport all with a great sense of humour and sportsmanship is bloody brilliant. I can wait to watch!
Dr mike wins
I'd love to see the hacksmith on this
Everyone's knows Sam made this happen.
12:05 Nathan Fr looks like Trevor from GTA5
Hey, who gave Arin from Game Grumps the keys to my set on TOT SlamCast?! ... Is that a common video asset? xD  All joking aside, good luck to all the creators! Go kill it and raise some money for charity!
Hate to be that guy but some people are born athletic and others unfortunately are not, on top of that the doc has been training for years, he's getting the dub.
oh thats today
No Matt or Ryan interview, this is so sad
Sam really broke idubbbz didn't he
I can't watch the event live because of other commitments but I'm def paying for a ticket anyway. This was a fantastic idea Idubbz!
my dad came back just to beat the fuck out of Matt Watson
I like how the date at the end is wrong
Dad 😂😂😂
Too small of an event for Sam but still gonna watch it
This is inspiring me to do boxing again, the actual full on dedication that all of these people are putting into this event- like I’ve never been more passionate about exercising since, well, well for years until I watched this , I am so excited immediately tomorrow I’m gonna go buy some jumpropes and gloves n shit
Suddenly Youtubers are boxing, what lol
I’M COMING FOR YOU JINX!
No hate Mr. Dubby, you put in the work but Dr. Adonis looks like he is going to eat you alive
boxing docotr? mmmm sherlock
I hoped you realised that the month at the end of the video says March instead of May.
brett can’t lose. i’m sorry
The end card says March
I fucking love you for this man. Let me know when you start a kick boxing event xD
Gross, you put in defranco over sam hyde for harleys highlights?? Pathetic.
So excited🎉😊❤
So is Hasan finally fighting Sam Hyde??
Harley all day!
sam hyde not fighting on the card so who cares
This makes me wish content cop so damn much
love to see wade doing the face to face
Can’t wait to see the SuperMega boys get sucker punched
Love the line up
Damn Ian, you've come a long way. Can't wait for the match tonight
Have you seen chef?
AB AB AB AB AB!!!!!!!
March 14th huh hope it was a good event! 🤣
Sooo hyped 🙌
For once a boxing event that has people that are actually fun to watch
How could you get the date date wrong in the video, or your editor wtf haha 12:12
Oh Dr mike that guy who took a 10k bribe to peddle untested medication and resulted in people dying of heart attacks top bloke him
Where's Sam? :(
No Sam Hyde footage in the Harley clip 😞
I'm very excited for youtubers to do boxing. I am glad this shows that and how they have learned some of the better lessons(like not being hit in the head) and more painful lessons (like being hit in the head).
where was the tiktok dancer girl?
Honestly very pussy of him to cut out who’s actually training Harley
@12:12 it says March 14th :D
I can't remember the last time I have been so hyped for something. We'll see all you motherfuckers there at 6 p.m. tonight!
5:42 Ethan seems to passith my Vibeith check here.
i hope you lose edup
Boss an video says March 14th I think it's meant to say May 14th
To hear that content cop song again. 😩
RIP got the date wrong in the end, MARCH 14
This is gonna be sweet
Also ya’ll put march 14th at the ens of the video, not may 14th
and people called ian a simp.. whos laughing now
Already got my tickets 👍 can't wait to see thissss, it's gonna be funny
Wait the title says May 14th but the video says March 14th.
yo wtf last time I seen this man he was like in a green suit now hes getting jacked??
Why does the video say March 14? If it's May 14 😮
Ian might get rocked, that doctor looks like he’s done this before 👀
12:12 March 14th?
I wanna see Arin surprise me and put a good fight, but I also wanna see towering Harley just step in and throw the right hook one tap.
60% of people following this are only following it because Sam Hyde is training Harley. Imagine how many more people would have been interested if Sam was actually boxing on the card lmao
anyone gonna talk about how it says march 14 in the video 😂😂
Is it sad I don’t give a fuck about this whole thing. Its childish and cheesy as hell.
If dr mike has actually been boxing for 10yrs. Idubbz you're gonna be shocked at the skill gap and his energy efficiency. Don't see it going well for you but he could've just been hitting pads for 10 yrs so
March Or may?
Dr mike is a nice guy and I’m glad to of my favorite creator’s and fighting
I am so excited
Wow this is super cool
The intro music 🫠🫠
Good luck bro, this is gonna be rough.
This is gonna be the best fight card to ever exist
This shit is stupid. UnSubed!
massive respect for all these goofballs to actually take this seriously...  idubbbz mad respect but dr mike is scary fast lol.. good luck
I got very excited when I saw Michael Reeves
All I hear is 12:42 mins of excuses for banning the GHOST OF KIEV.
i have 28 dollars in my account lol. Feels bad
Idubbbz doesn't seem mentally stable, so i'm praying that Doctor Mike is stronger because if not he will die. He should be terrified to fight a guy who eats dumpster chicken and sewer pickles but he's not, he probably knows better though he is a doctor.
Ill be looking forward to the free 144p restream, on a website that will definitely not steal my social amd credit card number somehow...(;
Wish I wasn't workin
Any chance i can get this dvr’d on vhs
But when's the fighting start
imagine a suprise fight with Filthy Frank and ChinChin
why am i only hearing about this today?
Ian is going to get the living shit kicked out of him he looks awful
TODAYS THE DAY MOTHERFUCKER 💯
AH YES
I hope Arin loses the hardest.
Hey Ian. Go ahead and drop that clown H3. He's only gunna drag you down.
I'm all for Ian bonking a doctor
Finally bought tickets. You got me!
Oh god. Is Michael Reeves going to become a lightweight champion because his fight iq might be insane
so no sam hyde?
When the content cop theme started playing, it just brought me back 😂. Good luck to everyone in the fight today!
drove from new york to support AB! excited to see everyone participate, you both have put on such an amazing event, can’t wait to see you all there!!!
Is there any legit betting sites for this event?
James is part of this?? That’s so cool!! I can’t wait to watch!
Glad to get a short intro of all the fighters :) what about SuperMega? Did something happen ?
I not watching this unless Sam Hyde is fighting!!
Only fighter I want to see lose is AB. Only fighter I want to see win is Ernst.
Dad
Ay let me box the person that put March 14 on the last date reminder.
when the super mega boys didnt make their video lol
This is gonna be great
I legit didnt care until Harley was in.
Nearly ever clip ive seen of idubz here he is completely DREANCHED in sweat. So proud of all these creators, this is genuinely inspiring and im so excited for this even later today.
End card says march 14th,  I thought we had to wait a full year but it's clearly just a miss print 🥴
This is so surreal......When I was young I used to love Ready 2 Rumble Boxing; this is like a real life version
Idubbbz looking good honestly! Like wow!
you know jake paul is judge everyone and saying he could beat everyone here even though its for charity
Literally I’ve never seen his full body in the frame before. He’s tall as shit and I ain’t even know he had tattoos
Please make this like an annual thing
If Sam isn't in, I ain't watching it
I did a thing is gonna kick odd1souts ass Aussie boys for life
This would be much more interesting with Sam Hyde
this is a better promo then traditional fight cards, at least you get a snippet of each boxer.  Good hype.
it being on eurovision night is the worst timing ever
Awesome work!
Oh, fuck yes
Ian has put together a really interesting boxing event here! also, I love the lil' CowChop throwback at 6:17 haha
The intro song really took me back
I thoughts it was the 16th
egoraptor is in this
In all serinous good luck to everyone, except AB, who ever can knock this guy out i would graciously appreciate it.
Your title card at the end of the video says March 14th and I thought it was a year from now.
No Sam Hyde was a big mistake. He would of brought so much more hype to this card because to be honest only a couple of these fights seem interesting. Sam could of been the ``bad guy``.
Lame
No thanks!
Money's on Harley & Mykull 💰 Get em bois
when it says march 14th
You should do this as a yearly thing with new competitors or potential rematches.
no sam hyude, the price aint right
lol the end credit says march 14
This is today!!!! Holy fuck!!!
im calling it. Mike's getting knocked out
This is gonna be sick
Oh fuck Dr punches look way more impactful and better form… I’m rooting for Dubz but yikes
Props to these guys, by no way will be a masterclass boxing, but it will be fun and entertaining to see what all these people can do in a ring🥊
idubbz on that come up!
This got me too hyped
"should a doctor be boxing" is actually a very interesting question. Does Hippocratic oath apply to boxing? After all, I'm not sure there's small print attached to it saying "unless it's a sport".
I just wanna c Minxx and Harley (as long as Sam Hyde is in his corner)
10:18 realizing currently just how tall he is...
I much prefer this sports offshoot to the poker one we see in the chess + misc streamer sphere on Twitch!  Big ups to all the creators participating and hells yeah iDubbz for getting them all together! Love it!
Ok, this actually exites me, to actually see people take boxing seriously, instead of just a spectacle, is awesome
Where's moist critikal it's in his backyard and probably he will destroy everyone in wako mode
NOOO I NEED TO GO I LIVE AN HOUR AWAY JUST TO SEE IDUBBBZ KICK ASS
so at the end it says march 14th and in the title it says may 14th so when is it?
Dad is gonna mess him up 😭😭
My eyes lit up after hearing the intro. IFYKYK😂
Ian gon loose, fact
11:50 Neat Hajime no Ippo tattoo.
Dang alex kinda surprised me
My man michael reeves becoming the hawaiian punch guy
Stoked
content cop song made me tear up a lil bit
Sometimes I wonder how many little behind the scenes projects like this IDubbbz actually has
Can’t wait to see this.. good luck to all the fighters 🥊
No mention of harleys trainer?
idubbz looks better than deji already bro, bro got potential
We all knew who REALLY trained Harley. Good luck, Mr. Dr. Mike
at what time does the event start? ive been searching high and low but can't for the life of me find anything about it
Sam Hyde couldn't come because he'd kill his opponent in the ring
Are you ever gonna make Overgrowth gameplay vids again?
This is the greatest birthday present
Doesn't invite Sam Hyde because he's not "Brand Friendly"  Invites Justaminx.
Noice
This will be fun to watch the few athletic people here are going to dominate
Srpske zastave u teretani,Lets go
Bout to experience some chest compression.
12:15, so It's already happened then?
They are each of them Sam Hyde in disguise.
One of them look like the riddler
@ididathing his right arm is way bigger than his left. Must use the hub a lot
Fucking chef
A great lineup! I’m excited to finally watch a YouTube boxing event!
Can’t go to florida can we stream this event? How much? Lol
Lets go AB!!!!!!! Ur gonna destroy dud!
If Sam Hyde doesn't fight Cenks nephew as the suprise main event then this show will never achieve its full potential
I shit my pants a little when I heard “what we do here is go back”
Hey it says March 14th 12:12
Boycott this event until Sam "The Irish Candyman" Hyde is allowed to make an appearance
The first YouTube boxing event I actually want to watch! Good luck to everyone fighting!!!!
I hate how much is filmed with H3H3
This nigga didn’t care about anything healthy or fighting until Sam Hyde opened his eyes….  Literally told him to do squats and gain weight 🤦🏽‍♂️ 🤦🏽‍♂️ 🤦🏽‍♂️   Lame shit
"Discombobulation" incoming
All thanks to Sam Hyde.
Let’s go idat
Does Michael Reeves dorky ass live censor himself?
yea no charity has yet to be named for the event, im pirating this event 100% LOL "Proceeds are benefitting charities like: Alzheimers association and american heart association." until I hear that THIS IS THE ACTUAL CHARITY 1000000000000000% Idubbz and his Husband are keeping all the money.
A woman is taking away all the credit the ghost of kyiv deserves, way to treat a veteran
man as a mr nobody i love this shit yoooooooooooooooooo
I dubbbz is going to get his can fucking shit rocked. Edgy I get it. Energetic sure. But nah man. You still what 140 pounds soaking wet and have gamer bones.
Pls share pirate free streaming link
Bruh when dad came up the video turned to a horror movie or sumn
Man, it would've been such a cool throwback for the Grump geeks to see Jon fight Arin lmfao. That would've been hysterical.
Got my ticket for the stream 🤘 Can't wait to see Dr. Mike and you ❤. I love you Idubbbz but.... Dr. Mike is my man in this one 😅  But I gotta say... you look AMAXINGLY RIPPED 😮. Your transformation is inspiring and you look badass af ❤🤘
I could not care any less about sports but damn, I'm hyped. Ian, Alex and Michael has me hyped. I don't really know the rest but those 3 YEET YEET
Sadly wont be able to see it live but im so exited for the vod!!!!
Kudos to IDubbbz for organising this and it's actually legit, not like other typical youtuber events that are money grabbing shit shows. Hope this is a success and the start of something we can look forward to every year!
Bro a game grump is in this the hype started
I haven't watched Ego since Jon era grumps and I gotta say, his segment makes me so nostalgic 😭
so excited to see it march 14th! ( idubbbz fix ur vid lol :D the outro says march instead of may)
Why does the video say March 14th at one place insted of May?
How long should we expect this event to last? I work until 2 and a half hours into the event. I already bought my ticket.
He has seen chef!
the hype is real.
Where will this be streamed on I wanna see it live so bad
Eat beer and DRINK BEER
We are all disgusted seeing Ethan Klein on here he's a pig, we want Sam Hyde!!!
Fuck everything else. HE BROUGHT BACK THE INTRO!!!
Will this be posted on YouTube after the event?
im just happy to see Bret again :)
im gonna be there tonight cant fuckin wait :))))
Yo dad is hype lol
More effort has been put into this then most of Jake’s fights
hype
IDAT will SMASH
idk who alex ernst is but i guarantee he wins... looks lethal in his training sessions
I got my first payperveiw ever! Ended up getting the ticket the week it was announced! The hype is unreal cant wait!!!!!!
THE INTRO!
It says in the video March 14th instead of May
the intro tune got me in tears :')
Sorry Ian Dr Mike is too wholesome to not smoke you 😢
March 14 ?
Lol I wonder why idubbbz didn’t mention Sam Hyde being epic meal times coach 🤔😂
og intro song
watch fighting spirit it will give you boxing techniques and you will 100% not lose
iDubbz i respect you and all but i think the doctor takes the cake in this one.
This was Sam Hyde's Idea... its been culturally appropriated for the LGBTQ+ community
Dr Mike looks like he could beat everyone on this card. His promo package was impressive, great form, power, looks like a guy who's done it for a decade.
End card says March 14th..I guess I'm two months late already.
WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK BACK BACK BACK!
May the 14th be with you
I love Idubbbz and I will always support him, but he will lose this fight.
Ima be there for once its good to be a florida man
good luck everyone!
these are a bunch of unathletic band kids tryna fight
You’re looking healthy man!
egoraptor is going to get gaped
GO FUCKING GET EM IAN.
I bet the family fortune on Dr. "So fake he's real" Mike.
Wait wtf March 14th?
I wonder how many top comments about Sam Hyde hes deleted
You look skinny as fuck at the start
Be there
10:00 this dude's mom is also his girlfriend :O
not gonna lie as a boxer dad is looking really good cant wait for the event thx ian
top 10 photos taken hours before disaster
got so confused when it said March 14 :P
This is so wholesome, people duking it out for the sake of a sport instead of some fake beef.
i love how this has no drama and it feels real. makes me really want to watch this because i like mostly all of the people in it!
Boxing - the least interesting or noble martial art. Any good thing you can say about it, you can also apply to the rest of them, but they don't come with the bad things boxing has, like it's community. Every skinhead/gopnik/gangsta can and probably does do boxing. It's simply cringy to watch.
Ill watch for free thanks
Get a burger
Cannot. Fucking. Wait.
Ian's training to the Chef soundtrack. Dr. Mike is FUCKED
I am sooooo worried about Michael... He will be done in a second. He should put a tazer into the gloves, lol.
Thats all cool and all but Sam Hyde should have been there
Super excited for these matches. Super frustrated with whoever edited this and said it’s Saturday, March 14 at 12:12
if *I did a thing*  steps back and points his glove at you - RUN
mortified to not see technicals here
This is what YouTube needs!
This makes me so happy I love the creators!!
I got a full on flashback when Otis Macdonald kicked in-
Bought ticket so I can see it online , it's a long time ago I've actually been excited for something like this
So much respect for Ian and the crew for setting this up! Absolute Kings and Queens
it said march 14th at the end of the video D:
Totally not a bot and totally excited for this!
i genuinely wanna see michael reeves box lmao
Watching this list of fighters are like watching smash bros trailer, seems like a fever dream
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GO ON MINX  You've got the same Irish strengths as the likes Katie Taylor you can't let us down
i hope doctor mike goes easy on iddubbz, respectfully.
Edoobz you look so much healthier than a while ago so good for you big man
hyped
why hundar so nice
Idubbbz!!!!
March 14? Welp, gonna go to my time machine
After the fight im unsubbing
this is gae, you shoulda boxed jinx.
I can't friggin wait, hearing the content cop intro had me jump outta my seat into a full interpretive dance routine.
Ab is indeed the door bretts massive no shot he wins
I can't watch because I'm at work but I'm spreading the word around.
As soon as I saw Minx was a part of this, I knew she wouldn't be taking it very seriously.
of course he doesnt show Harleys real coach
is there any way to watch this for free at a later time? this looks fire but im still poor lol
10-years of boxing hands down...
Fighting people won't bring back the respect you lost for marrying a whore.
Idubbz will get smashed by that dr haha
March??
March?!  Well, at least they have plenty of time to get "fight ready"
ayo i live like 30 mins away lemme come out as spider-man?
Let's goooooooo
ill pray for you idubz. dr mike 1st round ko
Now I wish I lived in Florida. Fuck.
Can I just buy tickets for Harleys fight? Lol
This is the closest thing to a content cop we will ever get
Bouta be the greatest event ever put on I’m stoked for this
Nice job Dubbz
IDAT: My mom, my girlfriend was very strongly against this... such an underrated joke
I love that everyone respects their opponents and are genuinely excited for the event can’t wait!
Literally dont care about anyone in this phony ass event, just want to see harley MAUL his opponent, nice one completely skipping any of sam's involvement btw
lezzgo!
It would have been pretty hilarious if they had pitted Harley against Michael Reeves from the top
I want iDubbbz and I did a thing to get married and become my daddies now
"I don't know much about boxing. All I know is never bet on the white guy" - Leslie Nielsen
This is the gayest thing ever.
May the best idiot win!
THE SONG
Is the Content Cop fighting?!??! That intro music made me have vibes
All the love and support to all participants. Love what you cooked up iDubbbz
Uhmm... So far this looks betetr than any of the previous boxing things made by the community. good job Dubbbz!
march 14 nice lol 12:13
i cant wait to watch it
What a fucking line up of Content Creators this is gonna be amazing
Doops has got me more motivated for fitness than any other YouTube channel lol
Man I wanna fight for charity.
Wow you really hate sam Hyde.... Just cut out all of Harleys training video...
Graham is just mad that a Michael's fish beat him smh
HYPE!
Can we appreciate how fuckin big Ian got from where he started
Idubbbz down in the 2nd, calling it
cant wait for i did a thing to nuke James's face with the boxing glove 😂
Cant wait to see i did a thing box. Who knows what australian shenanigans he will bring
The ending says March 14th! I was worried it was gonna be next year 😫
Do you have any discount codes?
whys it say march 14 at 12:13 ?
i'm so stoked
This looks fucking dope!
i fcking miss that intro on god
😂 everybody is like "I actually like my opponent" I love it.
I remember when he challenged Jinx to a  fight. That was way ahead of its time.
Arin is my absolute favorite, I've been watching him for years. That said, Harley is gonna rock his shit.
Too bad there won’t be Sam Hyde on that card
Messed up the ending of the video - it says MARCH 14. I was very confused...
Goddamn, somebody make me YouTube famous so I can do this next time.
Already better than a Paul Brothers match
very interested to see how all these fights go, the even as a whole looks to be very well planned out and I can see the matchups being very balanced in terms of the outcome, can't wait to see it all play out!
Let's gooooooooo, AB!
Hyped for this card man
Not one actual ko as everyone realizes how hard that as to actually do. I predict a lot of lay downs or decisions.
How could Ian not invite his BEST FRIEND to this event????
why does it say march 14th at the end of the video ?
Who are all those people tho??
So hype for this. This promo sold me. I was going to watch clips or "find" it lol but now I'm paying. Can't wait
Dad wins via tko after that other kid gets tired and starts laying down even when he's not hurt
I'm pretty hopeful for arin. When I first saw that this was happening, my husband and I were actually concerned that yeah, he's fighting the giant. But we're excited ☺️
Dr. Mike and idubbz go to a boring decision where ms doctor wins via they pull their punches cause they dont like to hurt people. Looks like a sparring match between lovers. My opinion.
I am most excited for the Idubbbz v Dr Mike. match and the one with Micheal Reeves. Michael Reeeee has gotta be my favorite youtuber. Pure chaos and crackhead energy, a force to be reckoned with.
Did Ian workout at all? He still looks like a twig
Dad has strong Hajime no Ippo villain vibes.  And Michael has strong Ippo energy.
Ok after the Dr Mike clips I can definitly say Idubs is getting smoked
I hope the last two unannounced fighters are my favourite Florida-men: Rudy - Alpha Investments ...and Nicocado Avocado.
Come on Graham I'm rooting for you man! Most importantly just make sure you enjoy the experience
I will not train you but I will encourage you to find a trainer
Wheres sam hyde u soy boy
Damn talking about get my name outta of your mouth, idubbz straight became a boxer because fools were bagging on him about his girl being an of model
Can’t wait to see Sam Hyde go one on one with 10 security guards
Proud of rockstar Ian.. just a feel I’m a nobody but fought for over a decade.. again I suck lol he’s approved and appreciate this art!! That said don’t stop your fist worrying about reacting.. hit hard get hit and breath. Can’t wait champ
Matt is so fuvked it scares me
I swear Micheal reeves is gonna have tasers loaded in his gloves
damn i cant wait for march 14th
its gonna be a shit show
Wish Mr. Hyde was allowed to be in it, but him training Harley is the next best thing. Let's go Harley, Think it, Dream it, Do it!
Bret omg he's alive
Shhesh
Dr.Mike vs Harley feels like a better match for some reason
Sam Hyde needs to show up mid-match wrestling heel style while everyone looks in horror. Would make for a great show.
If sam dont fight the price aint right!
I want idubbz to win
Can't wait to travel back in time to March 14 to experience this            12:12
Notice how there’s no footage of Harley’s recent training 🤨
I've done boxing since I was a kid and iDubzz's form is suprisingly good, he is doing all the things right.
Me: I'm going to say the S-word Obama: No, don’t do it, you will be banned Me: Sam hyde  Me *dead
This is going to be epic
dude sorry but idubbz you're gonna get rolled by that guy
iDubbz gonna be knocked out
this is way cooler than every other youtuber boxing match they're boxing just for the sake of boxing without any other bullshit on the line
Can't fuckin wait.
Fuck yeah Arin!!!! LETS GOOOOOOO
Can't waitt
Lets gooo! We're facing Mike Tyson next Ian, you better look good in there.
I really I am not interested about this. You have all become what you used to critique.
Get Sam Hyde involved you coward.
This is making so many people hype for boxing for the first time
this is actually sick! im stoaked
Damn bro, the opening music took me back. Mad me sad :(
I'm so glad this happened without ricegum
COME ON SUPERMEGA!!!!
Hearing this 0:13 intro from idubbbz new videos makes me cry. This intro is a staple in this channel <3
Finally a well put together, no over the top YouTube boxing event. This seems hella chill and I’m excited for it. Win or lose, like Ian said, everyone is putting in a lot of effort and taking it seriously. Thank god Keemstar isn’t here to ruin it.
This shit was such a waste of time, who actually wanted this? Lmfao
Who is Sam Hyde fighting?
This is sad
Do a muay thai event lol
Dont even know half the people participating but I'm actually still insanely excited
I don't see how Mike can loose this! He is so much bigger, I think some opponents are missmatched. Hype anyway.
I have a feeling you don't want to put Harley in a self defense situation...
I did a thing woot woot 📣
I'm waiting for matpat to analyze and theorize dad and his role in this boxing match.
Dr. Mike is literally the "I'm a healer, but..."
march 14 2023?
where is sam?
Unironically gonna buy if there’s a ppv
Idubbz so whiny that he scrubbed Sam hyde from harleys training montage.
Bruhhh 2 of my fav youtebers are in this and i cant wait
I wanted to see iDubbbz vs Asian Jake Paul.
they just dont seem to be in the ssame weight class it just doesent look fair
idubbz youve done it again you fucking genius
HYPED goodluck to everyone!! This event will be a blast to watch cant wait for tomorrow!
I'm rootin' for Hawaiian Harry Potter and sir Ian of dubbbstepland
The lineup of creators is golden
Doc mike gonna be punching him in some vital part that doctors know
So hyped dude! This is gonna be sick
Contact cop?
I can't wait to see how Michael sneaks a tazer into the fight
This card is awful lmao. Only here to see my boy harley harness the power
Esfand will LEECH his way into any community.
Let's go Arin.
Damn, I got transported back to 2016 for a minute there
i aint gonna watch this due to the fact that dubbz went went to sam hyde and profited off his content yet doesn't let him fight.
The amount of respect coming from everyone really amplifies the childish approach Ricegum had to this...
Why does is say Saturday march 14th at the end of the video bruhhh. This is happening in may?
It’s a tiny thing. But every time he strikes he pivots and it makes me cream. Like yessss IAN GOOD FORM
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA TICKETS BOUGHT SO EXCITED
Hey, idubbbz the last couple frames says Saturday, March 14.
that classic idubbz intro <3
Let’s fuckin go
i love you man but you are getting your ass kicked
I'm impressed I'm a big boxing fan and i love how much idubbbz has put into this!
This is gonna be a great event and props to all involved but those who know what they're looking at in terms of technique and form are aware that this is most likely going to go not too well for Ian. I hope it doesn't but uh I'm fairly certain it will.
Most these match ups seem unbalanced.   Love AB, but. I think he’s got slim chances.   Same with dubbz. Think the doc is way more qualified just based on this footage.   Most don’t really seem to have great mechanics. Loose punch form, unless they are just showing bad performance intentionally.   But doc and hundar seem pretty legit overall in comparison. I think those two should fight and AB vs dubbz would be better suited.   Just my take.
Probably the coolest thing someone has done on YouTube. Ever
Should have gotten Sam Hyde as he's personal trainer.
yo this is going to be dopeee
Should of got Ethan to do it. Dude is fatter than ever
Why are all these influencers becoming buff and stuff, this feels so weird
Micheal looks like a reverse hotdog in the thumbnail
I did like the vid, but had to smash dislike because no Sam Hyde
I can already feel this getting bigger than the previous events
I want to get a stream ticket but I will be at work for the event. Would I still be able to watch it back?
wow. im so happy all of these creators are taking it so serious. this is truly a collab that only idubbz could make. finally, after years, I'm happy to be an idubbz fan again lol
Aww no filthyfrank Vs Joji???
Why your Best friend mr Sam not invited?
they really beating the fuck out of each other for our subscription ...damn tough times.
Let’s go Dadddd the win is yours
Idubbbz is about to get fuuuuuuuuucked
He would have sold so many more tickets if he wasn’t so scared of sam being a part of this
Watching this on my flight down. Very excited.
Music made me feel the nostalgia hard
This is literally making every youtuber fit and fucking jacked. I fucking love this. Sadly i cant come to watch sence i live in finland. But ay, everyone seems to be having fun!
Is that dude definitely a doctor, seems more like a nurse
Sam Hyde is the VIP, sadly not attending
Oh dear lol
Most hype so far has been for the Harley v Arin, but we finally get to see edupps fight after such a long time.  My concern for the livestream is the venue? I've just never heard of Moment House, but I see the chat 13 hours before the event is meme-ing hard.  I've got my tickets, I'm ready.
12:13 ahh yes, March the 14th, can't wait
Sam no fight. Price aint right.
Sammy isn't in there even though he was in epicmealtime's trailer, I think Idubbbz is a little angwy
1:38 no one has ever asked that
is this going on YouTube at some point?
I just love how there's no beef it's all love
12:13 WTF you mean March lol
Where is the Jinx fight?
I hope they all lose.
Where's the Irish Candyman?
How do I pay
I am very scared for Idubbz. Mike looks like a stronk boi
Hell yeah 💪🏼💪🏼
Tomorrow is gonna be crazy can’t wait
DAMNNN IDUPSSS IS RIPPEDDD. He's going to win for sure. I knew since he hid him actually boxing and without a shirt to show later that he's strong af. Got my ticket babtyy
Looking forward to see the event. Watching some of my favorite youtubers doing something else, facing harsh training.. Im really hyped!!!
Boxing for the sake of boxing is just so beautiful, can't wait to watch this
Alex Ernst kinda looked like a killer
Just bought my ticket to stream for charity and all these lovely, lovely people. Finna get bricked up
For some reason I feel like nonstop sparring is the best training. I don’t fully understand some of the techniques they use.  Also sad that Ian still interacts with Ethan.  And one more thing, does that dr pay his adoring fan? THE GRAND CHAMPION!!!!
Just got to my hotel.. at 4am! I can’t wait to see you box Ian! Good luck to everyone!!
Streaming live on tiktok probably
This is gonna be great, I’ll be there
I've never been the least modicum interested in boxing before this event..... I got my ticket weeks ago and I'm taking work off tomorrow so I don't miss a thing
Dad about to pull out the Dempsey roll
I'll box Sam hyde for you
Any chance that we can get Tana Mongeau for a ring girl for Dubz fight?
Date at the end says "March 14th" but I'm gonna go ahead and guess that's actually tomorrow, May 14th.
It's pretty gonna be shite
Will this be uploaded or put onto like a DVD type of thing later on?
Predictions:  - literally half the fights will last for less then 2 rounds - the guy who actually trained will crushes the guy who didn’t  - someone forfeits mid-fight
looking forward to this
Muscle mommy jinx
Dude I got like 7 homies coming over to watch this fight, this is the most excited I've been for an event in a good while.
Doctor Mike CLAPS everyone ez
12:12 march 14th???
I wanna watch so bad but it’s the same day as my prom
Boxing is going to be the real winner of the day here
12:12 why tf does it say march 14
Mikey boi is gonna fuck him up
Top-tier promo
I hate YouTube boxing (because I think having YouTubers fight for clout and content is weird and the type of dystopian shit you'd see in a Paul Verhoeven movie that's making fun of over the top capitalism) but I must say, out of every single one of these things, the fact that you've managed to get a bunch of weirdos no one would ever think to see in a fight, and the fact that you're doing this for charity (and nobody's ego seem to be on the line, these are not 20 something assholes trying to look cool and manly) makes me way more sympathetic towards this event than any other one before.
No way Minx is actually getting out of her room and fighting someone
If eric and alex fight against one another their match is just going to evolve into Kissinger each other
at 12:13 is says march 15th not may!
my name cheaf
Hype
I miss cow chop
Bruh ab is gonna get destroyed, honestly Ab have you seen Brett vs doors? Please be careful bro
is it going to be streamed anywhere !?
I've been waiting for this since it was announced and now a super important hockey game is taking place at the same time on the same day. I've settled on setting up a second TV in my living room lol
I see he's doing the uncoil technique that michael taught him
AB FROM H3H3 Letss gooo!!!!!
This should be the golden standard for youtube boxing or whatever you want to call it. No overhype, no stupid unnecessary drama. This video by itself is so professionally produced already and really gets me interested.
The principal from the game University show holy shit thats a throwback
No way Brett from Cow chop
*March 14th? (in the outro)  lol this is going to be legendary!!! (nonetheless)
I'm hands down here for idubbbz and ididathing
Sam or bust
I like how there all doing it for the love of the sport and have respect for each other. Unlike the others that try to act insane and be the villain it’s very refreshing.
Without Sam Hyde this should wouldn't be interesting at all
If after all this they dance around the ring throwing one punch every minute and a half I'm gunna be super disappointed.
Great they have taken it serious, but Dr Mike wins easily, hes been doing it so much longer.
Why does it say march 14th at 12:12?
smash 6
Best of luck to Ian and all the competitors. I hope this thing proves to be a success for all involved.
Lmfao idubbz moves goofy and awkward asf he's gonna get destroyed
How dare you use this intro music
Sam beats the whole card
This is so freaking HYPE
I'm glad they didn't give a spotlight to the active school shooter.
I'm especially excited to see how arin does personally
I hope muscles glasses will be in the crowd
You did the dirty on Harley in the thumbnail just to spite your own father.
11:51 Hajime no Ippo tattoo !! this guy is already my favorite. HE MUST WIN... FOR THE WEEBS.
Gonna pirate the fuck outta this. Not enough interest due to no Sam Hyde, but curious enough to have a blurry stream on a second monitor.
Just bought my ticket, for some reason I thought this shit was next week. Ian you're a crazy cunt and I love you for this
I'm half convinced Samuelson Hydenstein is going to make an appearance. Shame it isn't at any official capacity.
Ian's chaddening
An event for the history books
Idubbz weaponizing nerds😹😹😹
there is a dude who made a fully boxing simulation of your boxing event
Idubbz gonna get his world rocked, but I respect it
Some of these hooks are painful to watch bruh how tf do you wanna do damage with that stretched out arm
Matt, Arin, Michael, Ian I'm rooting for you dickbags. Let's do this shit 🥊
So proud of Ian, making everyone work on their fitness while having fun and preparing for a challenge
I've been going to the gym lately and been crazily into fitness and alot of other people are aswell and now there is a creator boxing something I've been trying to get into and its my favorite content creators. This is fucking great
I’d let Minx beat the shit out of me. I mean, I’m excited to watch the event!
You can see that look in dubz eyes. I forgot what that felt like. Motherfucker is hungry. Get some brother. But...in like, a not "you fucked my wife!!!!" kinda way...like, beat him up in the "he trains his dog to crap on my lawn" kinda way!
I love shit like this because I can feel like I'm a good person when I actually just want my favorite YouTubers beat the shit out of each other. It feels like a fever dream that this is even happening lol
NICE
Would’ve love to see coryxkenshin or berleezy included, I understand that’s kind of a different side of YouTube but I would’ve liked the dynamic and the broader community
I saw airsoft fatty at the tampa airport when i was leaving
The intro song got me good.
I respect everyone so much for just dedicating to something and seeing how much you can improve and absorb from that skill and task. That is an amazing thing I love you are supporting.
They are all sooo bad
March 14th?
Is it me or just everone waits to boxing obsession be ended so we can original idubbz . I simply can't care about celeb boxing
Wait. Today is May 14th... Oh wait. It's yanks time.
Michael reeves needs to mike Tyson get I'm close n hard lol
Are they not having any press conference or anything?
Why does the video say March 14th at the end?
Oh no. Michael Reeves? Please go easy on my man.
THe boxing anime Hajime no Ippo got a character that is a doctor and a boxer, who knows all the lethal spot to hit.
This is gay.
Truly the craziest fucking lineup, nobody could possibly make a better representation of youtubers for an event like this than these guys, the range of content creators involved is insane
Boxing is hella hard.. exhausting.
This is how you build something big. Inhouse.
12:14 wrong date 😂🥴
As someone who trains mma and a huge combat sports fan, this is the first   one of these type of events I’m actually looking forward to and will pay for with pleasure. I love that you guys are doing it purely out of the kindness of your hearts for charity and obviously have a love, respect and general understanding of the sport. Truly a really cool thing you put together Ian
what time does it all start
stop scrubbing sam
The last time I was excited for an influencer boxing event was the original KSI v Logan Paul fight. We’ve been getting nothing but clown shows ever since.
Wait this comes out next year
Have you seen chef?
What time and time zone does it begin?
Family family family family family
Ian wanted the same love Harley getting right now lol
Wrong date
Let's go big money!
amazing birthday present! thanks ian!
I remember when I saw the original announcement 10min after it came out, i bought my ppv instantly because i wanted to see i did a thing box
Saturday March 14th???!!! 12:11 Typo
So hyped to see all of you tomorrow
Just bought my ticket I actually cant wait to watch this in a couple of hours so hyped!!
Aint no way mike been boxing for 10 years. He’s got okay fundamentals but that right hand drops at every possible moment.
Can't wait!
damn once that music started playing i got a huge nostalgia rush, brings back good memories
2023****
will it be streamed
They won't even show Sam training Harley lol
Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhh oh
I think I saw Odd1sout in there
12:12 Saturday, MAY 14*
Sweet, another excuse for all these people to make videos less often!
nice intro
Is the only way to watch going to be paid?? Or will it be uploaded after the event
Just from the first clip, I had forgotten how far Idubbbz has come from almost knocking out Jinx to actually hosting a tournament.
for real tho, dads technique is actually really good. His dancing background came in handy
I remember you wanting to box Jinx, and now... its evolved.
Lets be real idubz is gonna lose
They should fight in mma rules
you're definitely taking out Dr. Mike, you'll take his certificate after too & evolve to Dr. iDubbbz
Sam Hyde is my champion
yo idubbz, the date at the end of the video says March 14th instead of May 14th just fyi
What we do is go back back back... THE HYPE. Damn! We haven't heard that in awhile!!! Idubbbz we will always support you! Do some full length old school tribute videos sometime soon please. Assemble the OG fuck boys please bOsS
Goood luck to all boxers
I'd love to watch this! times are tough so I wont be able to, but I hope you guys release the footage publicly later so I can watch :)
This seems like the most wholesome boxing event I've seen from internet-creators ever.
bro i was waiting for haley to get one of those cool training reels but she didn't really show up besides for a couple seconds of her tiktoks as b-roll!!! what the h- ee- double hockey sticks !!!!
Finally, YouTuber Smash Bros but real
You missed some of harley's footage
The fact that I have seen zero footage of Arin training makes me terrified and hyped at the same time
THINK IT DREAM IT DO IT !
Don't sleep on Dad.
Idubbbz: ok we’re making this video to show that this match isn’t just some stunt, and that everyone involved is training hard and taking it serious.  Arin, from Game Grumps: PUNCH EVERYTHING, EAT BEER.
Eastern hemisphere bois: *visible confusion*
im sorry but this is an absolute circus
I gotta watch this
Let's go Harley
12:12 end card says March 14th
No one's gonna watch the other fights. It's all about Harley V Egoraptor.
Bro wtf?! I Did a Thing is RIPPED!
March 14th
We need Sam
washout out youtubers punching each other... sounds like a shitty television show.
ngl idubbbz is gonna get beat up his technique looks way worse and he also looks worse physical
This is going down as the best Youtube creator boxing event to date!
Anyone just already laugh at just the idea of them fighting, especially Michael and the super mega boys
Shit should be called nerd clash
Bro it is may the 14th right now where’s the fights
This is the best birthday present every thanks for the upload edups!
“If you ignore the 5 or 6 shots I took to the head there, I’ve got great energy”
Meh.
I've never watched a boxing event before but i'm excited as fuck for this
I hope they actually fight because it could be very dangerous if someone is going easy because they dont want to hurt there opponemt and the other is trying to kill there opponent.
Regardless of what happens It’s good to see everyone getting into the best shape of their lives. I think that is something this generation needs to be inspired by.
ITS ON MY BIRTHDAY
Holy hell this is incredible! :DDD LEEETSSSS GOOOO WOOHOOO
After all that hype I saw the date of "March 14th" at the end and my reality broke for a second. Sometime cane the editor for me.
If anyone asks should a Dr be boxing ask why you're asking that.
I’m super excited for this! But.. nit gonna lie, Ian isn’t looking better than dr poopoo
Ian just wanted the opportunity to punch his wifes boyfriend and stop sleeping on the couch.
LETS GO ARIN THATS MY BOY!!!
LET SAM HYDE FIGHT
need more hype, why dont they all start beef with each other.  Then we got something going, wont watch unless if there is drama that doesn't make sense
Arin is tall too!! Like 2 inches D: hopefully it’s give it the all 👏🏻🥳 good luck 👍🏻
no sam hyde?????????
March 14th? 2023?
March 14th eh? Lol
Bring back old intro song
Doctor dude's defence in this video looks better he winning.
IF SAM DOESNT FIGHT, THE PRICE AINT RIGHT!!!
Thank you, Ian (aka Mr Idubbbz), for making a boxing event and actually taking it seriously.   This is gonna be fun.
Friggin dope'
Wtf is youtube anymore
I did a thing vs odd1sout is the one im most excited about
should have had sam on the card smh missed opportunity
Can’t wait to see you and your best Sam boxing!
I love you idubbz but doctor mike technique is better. You can tell he can move. Your sparring videos you are too stiff.
No nostalgic to hear the old content cop music again good luck to everybody on the roster.
This is legit. Though it’s a lot easier to get behind an event where you actually like the participants.
That's a suprisingly hype video for the nerdiest REAL boxing event in history
i am both too poor [i dont have $50 AUD to spare sorry] and not getting up at 8 fucking am on a sunday lol
Epic Meal Time 1st Round KO by spinning back elbow
SAY HIS NAME!!! SAMMY HYDELSON
Just love and mutual respect. No drama, no bullshit, no betting your houses. This is gonna be good!
LETS GO HUNDAR THAT'S MY FUCKING NIGGA!
Let Sam Hyde fight?
It’s finally here!! It’s so exciting to see it all finally come together :D
That moment when Harley makes a better documentary about Sam than Ian ever could...
Y does it say march 14 at the end?
Holy shit egoraptor
So I bought a ticket but I work during the live viewing, will there be a way to watch it retroactively?
i don't know why you didn't show Sam Hyde training Harley?
Harley looks awful. I wonder if he was just acting like this to throw his opponent off
Woot woot can't wait 😁
AB I'm rooting for you
This is amazing good job idubbz for putting so much effort into this I wish I could be there to watch it in person where can I go to get tickets to watch it online? I didn’t see any option for online on the website but maybe I’m just retarded
So no sam hyde ? fuck this
glad the event came along i'll be cheering from italy may 14th good luck ian
You are dnmb
This looks dumb.
I really hope the whole event is recorded and uploaded after the livestream. I bought my ticket the day after the event was  announced, but due to unforeseen circumstances I won’t be able to watch it live
Keemstar rn. How you generate interest without fake dramaaaaaa
God, iDubbbz looks so hot
I bought stream tickets a while back, but I'm just realizing, where is it being streamed? On YouTube, or somewhere else?
Idk I just wish they got Kyle hill
Can anyone tell me what time its supposed to start? Just tryna get my plans straight
Very noticeable lack of mr Hyde, the renowned boxing coach, who trained Joe Rogan
This all makes me recall the last documentary of idubbz (how he gets away with it), where he is put on the spot for a little sparing match, and in a way I see that much of this reminds me of it as a big evolution and effort. Very good to see people putting their will and time into this. Good luck to all
Not gonna lie I'm a little afraid for Matt.
I just hope everything to do with H3H3 fails
Arin's fucked XD
SuperMega are ducking the interviews I see
So glad I’m able to go and support your event it’s gonna be great with the matchups
that fucking music holy shit
I am so hyped for this everyone is giving it their all and that is very respectable
Hearing that y’all were coming to TAMPA was great. Hearing that y’all were going to be filing it out in YUENGLING? Phenomenal. I’ll be cheering y’all on from the stands!
i cant stop laughing at 4:55 haha
Lol March 14th
Michael will build a robot to box his opponent calling it rn
Arin better hope he doesn’t put Harley in a self defense situation.
Can dad pls go easy on Matt Watson. I’m sorry I’m not tryna see someone die pls don’t kill him.. just like one headshot and it’s over. Homies got a great scream for a reason
RIP IDubbbz 😢
I'm hella excited to see this!
6@y
I did a thing in this context is pretty terrifying 😂
shouldve got sam hyde on the card u bum
Ngl that intro music gave me chills. Content cops about to get this dubbb.
As soon as I heard "what we do here is go back" I smiled
Ian seems to be a bit of an underdog in this fight, Mike looks like he’s quite a bit heavier. It’ll make our boy Ian’s win so much sweeter, we’re rooting for ya
I’m going to see this tomorrow and I could not be more hyped
so... is it may or march 14? at the end it says march?
WHERES SAM HYDE
Rooting for dad
You cut Harley out because he trained with Sam so lame
NO SAM HYDEEEE????????
Is there gonna be a way to watch afterwards or see highlight? I would totally pay for a dvd or something
god they really should get fitmc on the horn if they ever do this again
Idk if i should but tickets or not
Dad looks pretty decent , loading his legs well
You did'nt even feature Sam Hyde in Harley's practice reels? You both really are that scared of the "bad" associations with Sam. Not be in brand? Come on  This is just censorship at this point. I hope Harley fucking wins
Bruh dad is scary in the best way possible
Lets Go AB!!!! FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY
Will I be able to watch the event anywhere after it airs? I'll be busy the day of and won't be able to watch
LesGOOOOOOO
wait in the video it said it is going down on March 14 but the title said may 14.Did you accidentally do a typo
Sam
Oh ye
Weird seeing I did a thing wearing shoes
Can’t wait for this to go down I’m rooting for Ian of course
"I already look like an idiot, not gonna happen TWICE!" That was so Nathan and cracked me up as usual.
Just bought my ticket! This is more exciting than any other live event I've ever seen!
Harley gonna destroyed man was literally trained by the boogie man
Michael Reeves is little mac!!
This is literally super smash bros youtuber edition
Hundar is going to fucking eradicate that dude he’s fighting! (Respectfully, of course)
But I’d love this to come out good
Look at them SNEAKY hooks! Smooth and slick, if you can sneak in some body work you can maximize the benefit of your better mobility
idubbz will get his ass beat. he is like 20 pounds lower than dr mike. no contest.
hype
I’m calling it rn half of these fights are gonna be of people who didn’t take it seriously lol only fight that’s gonna be good is main card
im so excited to see dad AB and minx
got my ticket for the show! gonna be incredible!!
I'm going to stream this for free 👍
My crypto portfolio has he a new low anyone know where I can put the rest of it on dr Mike?
Wheres Sam  Hyde?
Dude got messed up by Sam Hyde if he wins it’s a scam
Release the Ghost of Kiev
Justa has got fight in her DNA she’s Irish. It’s not just a meme or a joke. Just like us Chicanos all got it in our DNA. Some of us may not be the most athletic but we fight until you put us out, so you’re gonna have to put us out. And I know Minx plays herself down a lot for the memes, but I know someone who’s got that blackness serial killer eyes and she has that lol  EDIT: Oh yeah Alex Ernst… lol Alex Ernst is definitely a serial killer too lmfao
Where can i stream this fight?
Harley got trained by an absolute monster. There’s no way he loses.
12:14 march 14th?
first time in history a non-white person has ever said 'golly' unironically
YOOO, COWCHOP-MUSCLEPARTY-BRETT IS IN??? LET'S GOOO
I kinda doubt Ian will beat Dr. Mike, but ey, good luck to you all the same.
Why isn't Hyde on this card?
This is an hour away from me, should I go see it?
Hol up this is in Tampa??
Harley looks like a BEAST!
It’s finally here!! It’s so exciting to see it all finally come together :D
thank you ian
Why does it say Saturday march 14th in the end of the video lmao
god i missed hearing that intro so much. i almost cried
Who is doing the commentary?
where's sam hyde
Will reruns be uploaded on youtube for the poor EU bastards who have a different fusarium than y'all? :(
0:19 MAJOR flashbacks to the trio’s older vids
graham stephan will roll micheal reeves
Harley got trained by an absolute monster. There’s no way he loses.
actually getting kinda hype
Ur the underdog we’re rootin for u
Lol it says march 14th at the end
Sam Hyde really slimmed down to train Harley for his boxing match. What a legend!
the unique thing here is most if not all these content creators have big hearts so seeing them training and watching them go at each other would be very interesting can't wait!
SuperMega’s gonna take a superW
dr. mike’s hits are crazy. 10 years is a lot. looking forward to the whole event💯
What’s the song he puts on at the start?
Who’s baby Sammy fighting???!!!!!!
Same Hyde…..would’ve watched if you wouldn’t have attached his name to this and not allowed him to compete
He went from unboxing to boxing
lmao @ March 14th 12:14
the only YouTuber boxing that matters
March 14th???
It’s funny cuz this is all after Sam Hyde gave him his first boxing lesson
cant wait ! get em dubbbz
I can't wait, to see Micheal Reeves box. This is gonna be good.
I’ve never paid to watch a sport in my life but best believe I got my ticket man, this fight is genuinely gonna be the coolest thing to see this year! So proud of everyone involved being so involved and working towards the charity cause. Really can’t wait to see it go down!!
The song at the beginning made me cry
Will there be a replay available for people who can’t see it live?
Sorry I think Dr.Mike will win but I hope it's a good fight.
iScrubbbz really just put Sam Hyde into a self defense situation now.
So cringe lol
9:47 this is not a legit exercise. There is no exercise that trains the neck.
Ill be pirating this unless Sam shows up
It's all going to be interesting but i'm mainly here cus Dad might commit murder.
LETS GO AB
Watch out I heard the Irish Candyman might turn you into a chocolate covered pretzel. Connor O' Gregor spoke highly of his self defense situation skills.
this is a start of the new Era
This looks awesome! It's not over-hyped.
I stg if sam is not the ref this will be for nothing
purple haired chicks clips looked absolutely ridiculous, that fight is going to be trash
Sam Hyde
Says March 14th at end of trailer,  not may
Minx is hot..
Oh how the mighty have fallen
I love ya Ian, but i think Dr Mikey might fold yo shit in.
Is there a way to attend the event in person or is it just streaming only ?? I live in Orlando but I’m from Tampa and would love to attend the event !!
Does anybody know if the streaming ticket records the stream for you or anything? I bought a ticket, but I won't have time to watch until it's all over. Would like to sit down and watch the whole event
omg Arin Hanson is fighting! i have to get this
Harley timestamp 2:33
Ian seems to be a bit of an underdog in this fight, Mike looks like he’s quite a bit heavier. It’ll make our boy Ian’s win so much sweeter, we’re rooting for ya
Who's recording it so we can watch free lmao
so hyped
i’m so pumped lol
Doesn't mention sam at all. This guy sucks. Takes youtube and life way to seriously.
Ian is scared of the Candyman.
I am so fucking mad I'm working a 16 hour shift as this airs.
so much respect going on, you love to see it man
Sam's gonna be there right?
I miss bad unboxings.
Harley has been trained by the Ghost of Kyiv himself there’s no way he loses this
wheres sam hyde?
it isn't march you goose
Can't wait to pirate this.
If they're not playing around, idubbbz is getting knocked out. But im guessing dr. mike is too nice for that, so he's just gonna win on points.
Kinda bummed the Mega Boys didn't get a testimonial
Ian seems to be a bit of an underdog in this fight, Mike looks like he’s quite a bit heavier. It’ll make our boy Ian’s win so much sweeter, we’re rooting for ya
Let’s go mr reeves
Got the ticket.  Got the shirt.  Can't fucking wait.
IM SO HYPED!
Says march 14 at the end. Not MAY  XX
harley bout to pumble you all
Sam Hydes power cannot be contained
When he mentioned Hundar as, "from CowChop", I shed a tear.
Sam Hyde should box Idoops wife, that's the fight we all wanna see.
Good luck everyone!! I wish I wasn't poor so I could put everything I had into supporting this. May the best man win 🏆
Jake Paul next ????????
doc mike and idubbbz is gonna be a really good fight i thnk
Ngl how this event began and where it is now is in a weird way wholesome haha. Well done buddy excited to watch this.
ohh u guys totally missed the golden opportunity to finally have someone beat Onisons ass n give the public what they want lol. this loooks dope too tho .but jus sayn..
ive never wanted to see non fighters fight so much in my life
THINK IT DREAM IT DO IT
Harley is going to DESTROY! This whole fight is just Sammy's Playtime  wheather idubbbz want to admit it or not
I am splitting the pay per view with a friend, but if you guys suck I am just gonna watch the UFC fight night
glad someone did a fight tourney the right way
you had me until $25 lmaoo
Harley v arin is the most anticipated fight for me, LETS GO HARLEY
Rooting for you idubz
That transformation is very respectable God Damn, looking good Ian! ^~^
That intro was pure nostalgia 🤌 good luck, man.
Dad looks lethal, clearly been practicing on the family
Idub gets knocked out
Oh god that intro song is a huge sense of nostalgia 😭😭
Just bought my virtual ticket, this is going to be a lot of fun. Hopefully no one gets hurt (although I think Matt might might die) but it’s gonna be a heck of a lot of fun
Is it march 14th or May 14th
Bro, hearing that intro again got me the chills
My gf and me over here in rural Austria, being hyped af for a boxing match. Never ever liked sports in general, but this one is special.
March 14th (12:12)? Hmmm. I have suspicions that’s a typo
I tearing up been following alot of these guys for a long time, It's my dream to fight this is inspiring
Honestly Arin was just Arin lol
Without Samantha this is boring
Respect to these youtubers coming out of their comfort zone to get punched in the face.
Bro the old intro music was AWESOOOOMMEEEEEEE
Never in my wildest dreams would I thought I’d see Idubbz and Alex Ernest in boxing matches. Wtf😂
Dang calm down Dr. Mike! You’re going to send someone to the hospital then you’ll have to treat them
That intro was pure nostalgia 🤌 good luck, man.
Harley is going to maul Egoraptor.
I'm here for BIG MONEY SALVIA!!
Hey man, I'm so sorry to tell you this but Dr. Mike is about to kick your ass and idk how that is not blatantly obvious to everyone. It will be kind of sad for me to watch one of my favorite youtubers fall to some good looking doctor. Is the joke completely going over my head or something?
So amazed that it turned into so much bigger and better thing, than beating up some rice.
Bought a ticket weeks ago, got sick and feel asleep and missed the damn stream
So fucking sick dude. I’m excited to see your progress. Been watching you for years and this is really dope. You’re gonna win dawg. And so is Aron Hanson 💯💯
Man. Idubbbz what happened bruh...
Oh.. wow, I kind of lost respect for idubbbz for using a clip from a quote about Samuel  hide , but not even mentioning him in Harley's segment.
honestly just seeing them all do something and having fun is cool dood.
Dope
AB is that the name? sorry havn't kept up with H3 sense they abandoned their old channel and became narcissistic shills 🤷‍♂ (Ethan at least)
How to do boxing events ^^^^
Wow, i thought that Doctor Mike would crash iDubbz, but he really got in shape, he looks really great. Great job iDubbz!!! We are all really proud of you man, hope you keep it up
For once I can actually say I give a crap about a sport now!! :0
Wait will esfand still fight?
ABs picture will never not make me laugh my ass off 😂😂 let's go starkilla
If it were my money, it’s mike. Regardless of how hard idubbz trained for nearly a year, dr mike was already fit for the match and was in a pursue of combat wisdom for the past few years. Experience is hell of an advantage
Street Fighter 6 looks like it will have an interesting strting roster.
imagine going from saying the n word in a content cop to not including sam hyde in any of harley’s training highlights because he’s “unpredictable” :’/ having a woke gf really changes a man
team AB
I mean congrats to the creators for getting in shape and learning new skills but I will never understand the appeal of celebrity fighting. Good luck to everyone and glad the charities are making something but that's about the extent of my involvement lol
THIS LOOKS SO COOL!!! I am genuinely hyped
kinda missed some important bits of info about Harley's training....
Arin... please don't tell me you skipped the tutorial... At LEAST do the first beginner levels
I'm so stoked for this
"I already look like an idiot, not gonna happen TWICE!" That was so Nathan and cracked me up as usual.
Actually super impressed with how good everyone looks. But especially props to Michael Reeves, Alex  Earnst, and Dad. Was surprised to see that level of fluidity and practice from them. No disrespect to anyone else but I think they will be the ones to watch.  Good luck to everyone!
I'll donate to charity but not this... I'll find it free
I’m very pumped for this
Glad this is finally happening
Also this is a star roster! Good shit Ian!
The end card says March 14th and I got worried for a sec haha
Dude this is so hype. Thanks in advance for making such a legit event! This shits gonna pop off best of luck to everyone!
Using the Content Cop intro song was a low-blow. And I loved it. It hyped me up. Good luck on the event!!
Holy shit, I'm amped!
go supermega!
Wait it already happened? Why are ppl anticipating this?
This event is gonna be huge. So many unexpected creators participating in it too which is gonna be awesome!! I think Idubbz got this idea from when he kinda boxed with Sam in the video "Getting away with it"
I will one day because a yt creator just to participate in this event one day
Not ordering unless Sam Hyde is in Harley’s corner.
pray 4 egoraptor
Man, iDubbbz just continues to emasculate himself and fall further down. First, he defends his camwhore girlfriend--now wife, his content dropped significantly in quality, he got beat to the punch in uploading his documentary by Sam Hyde (not to mention how disingenuous iDubbbz seems throughout the whole thing), and now he's willingly stepping into a ring to get schooled by a man with with far more experience. I miss the edgy, cancer-ridden man that never held back when it came to calling attention to others' misdeeds.
Out of all of the crazy shit I've seen over the past five years or so, Youtubers redeeming the conventional virtues of boxing as a sport was among the least expected.
Free tickets for the MARCH 14th end card typo??
That intro gave me a nostalgia boner
Man I loved the epic meal time and game grumps videos when I was younger. It'll be crazy to watch them box now that I'm a young adult
"Can you use headbutts in boxing?"  Only if you don't get caught. Step in with a right hand lead, stomp on her foot to hold them in place, and use your left hand to yank their face into your forehead... not that I'm talking from experience... ahem.
March 14th???
0:52 except for Sam Hyde because Ian is scared of him
No sam hyde?
I'd knock out any of these nerds.
SAM HYDE
we all waited or this great moment here it comes
At the end, it says March 14 instead of May 14.
The great idubblez has once again blessed us with another grand plan to take over the internet
hey i'm broke can i fight too?
I'm so excited for this. Its a bunch of amazing people who aren't your modern day asshole dramatic fighters, and it more than likely got a handful of people in a healthier state than they were in before training. Minx however is for sure going to murder
the beauty in this is the journey, self-improvement, self-defense
Where's sam hyde?
First sporting event I’ve ever paid to watch in my entire life
Whoooooooo sheeeeeesh
Fucking egoraptor got me laughing 😂
Pumped for this. When can poor non paying normals watch this fight?
No “Number 15: The last thing you’d want is to go against me in the ring” :( bummed about that
the doc is way too advanced but he's the guy to honorably lose to
Spend time making a good promo , then get the most important thing wrong and the point of the whole video the DATE ... SAYS MARCH 14TH 12:13
IF SAM DONT FIGHT THE PRICE AINT RIGHT
Sam hyde mystery opponent?!
Wow idubbz really committed. He looks insanely ripped.
I hope Arin wins cuz I loved his logic when he's like "I love punching people and I am now addicted", I hope Justaminx wins cuz I want her to obliterate a TikToker, and I think Ian is going to die from the doctor
MDE never dies
Really couldn't mention Harley's real trainer? 😢
I hope Michael Reeves cheats and brings a taser into the ring.
Ay yo. The ending says March 14th.
If you really think you got a chance just picking this up not long ago, against someone who has trained for 10 year, please do yourself a favor and google the world most difficult sport.
Ok you give me the goosebumps from hearing the into
Can't believe its been 2 months already /s
I guess the odd ones out...
Oh shit those gains
Ricegum probably punching air for pussying out and now he's missing all the attention and hype lmao
Dubbz looks jacked up! Looking good man
I think idubbz is gonna loose money. The event has no energy. It looks boring.
Best of luck to everybody, today's the day as I type. This is going to be fun 👏 🥊
Harley will kill them all, fuckin bacon strips
who knew there was a training camp in death camps
Arin Hanson has already won. He owns the touring company that's putting on this event.
Go matt watson
Watching Harleys lead up to the fight has been captivating. Let’s go Harley
Today’s the day!!!
Let's go!!!!
GET SAM HYDE IN HERE U SIMPS
I wish I wansn't broke right now lol
Why wasn’t General Sam invited?
So is it March 14th or May 14th? The video says both.
Dads Going To Kick Ass Dude Can Throw Well & Can throw good angles good hooks
I won't be able to watch it live because I'm celebrating my nans birthday but can't wait to watch it when I get back with the replay
Never heard of any of these people
I’m normally so disinterested in box yet for some reason I’m really interested in this.
cool, looking forward to the sam hyde fight most
Minx is gonna absolutely fucking destroy that female bro; She's impossibly good at taking punches
All these idubbbz fanboys don’t see how badly he’s about to get beaten
Liking for my top pick, Arin <3 Really just fantastic that this will exist and I'm so happy our man iDubbbz organized <3
I did not expect “I did a thing” to be in here but im so ready to see how he does in the ring
I am actually going to pay to watch this, this is the 1st one Imma be watching aswell.
Praying for  Matt and ryan they gonna kill it
Wish you were doing it in San Diego/LA instead of Tampa, Florida or else I would go in person. Maybe if there's a next time, it'll be on the west coast?
Where’s the guy everybody wanted to see?
ok Ian. I am actually interested in watching youtubers box now. Didn't think I would, you got me brah.
this makes me double happy cause this sets the bar, the scamfluencers are actually so scummy thinking about those cash grabs in hindsight.
AVGN vs Nostalgia Critic Rematch
Went fom beating cancer to boxing & unboxing. Defeat them master!
Lot of really bad tattoos
That intro, fucking gave me so many memories.
Minx and that Irish sailor mouth can get it...
I’ve never paid to watch a sport in my life but best believe I got my ticket man, this fight is genuinely gonna be the coolest thing to see this year! So proud of everyone involved being so involved and working towards the charity cause. Really can’t wait to see it go down!!
Mad respect to every contender! I love this :)
Arin has his work cut out for him holy shit. Can't wait to see him fight down Harley!
Hype is real
I'd be extremely afraid to fight Nathan honestly.
Idubbbz boxing make me happy woohoo go idubs
I understand that Sam isn't even permitted there, but they can even show footage of Harley sparring with his actual coach?
i love brett but my guy been wearing that metallica shirt for the past 13 years
Great promo.
This is brilliant. The only boxing event where I know for a fact I could batter everyone listed here. Growing up in a dilapidated estate in Yorkshire, we have to learn to bare knuckle fight from age 8....
This looks awesome! Can’t wait to see who wins, and doing this for a great cause!
ITS HAPPENING
cant believe Sam Hyde got iDubbbz into boxing.
Self absorbed cringe
Will it be available like a week or two after for us poors?
So genuinely excited, thank you for bringing this to Tampa ❤️
the only interesting thing about this is seeing what 'controversial comedian' taught Harley Morenstein
IDubbbz your fucked buddy
None of them can really box but idubzz is less experienced and explosive. He's definitely going to lose but hats off to idbubbz for taking the fight
First youtuber boxing type thing I've paid to see - love the cast, and love that everyone is taking it seriously and bringing their best.
Holy Christ what is up with I Did A Thing's arm size!? He's clearly right handed, and clearly has spent many a night perusing PornHub.
I had no idea you were that skinny, holy fuck i'm super impressed.
Look at all these faces Sam Hyde inspired
Where is Sam?
This is how you tease an event...
Ian seems to be a bit of an underdog in this fight, Mike looks like he’s quite a bit heavier. It’ll make our boy Ian’s win so much sweeter, we’re rooting for ya
Not showing any of Harleys training with Sam huh. That's the real hype content.
Does anyone know if we can replay this event or is it just a one time live stream???
MAY OR MARCH MAN?!?!?!?!
Wow they didn't mention the Ghost of Kyiv I guess Ian really doesn't support veterans
So hyped. But can I just say, if it where mma I feel like it would be more chaotic, fun and hype
I genuinely fucking PogChamp’d when Brett from fucking cowchop popped up I miss them so much
I can't belive you're actually doing this and setting up a boxing match with these other youtubers and not all of them I know of but I'm surprised you got ones like Hundar or Brett which is his name, I haven't seen him in awhile since the end of cowchop. Honestly this is gonna be one of the greates boxing matches I've ever seen and I've never really watched boxing, this is way better than if it were just Idubbz and Ricegum I think you've turned something which wasn't gonna be that interesting into something amazing, I can't wait to see this tommow, goodluck to whoever wins!
gotta fire whoever put march 14th
Alex Ernst has always been very aggressive with tables in the past so Ik he’s going to kick some ass
No mention of Sam Hyde in the Harley arc? Sad.
Harley has got this in the bag, you just know he is going to walk into that stadium smelling of cigars and victory.
this is amazing, also thanks for supporting alzheimers association
Im scared of minx fighting lol
anyone know if you can bet on these fights? like sportsbet/neds etc
Holy shit idubbbz is done for
What time is the match
Sam really got to him 😂😂😂😂😂😂
IDobbz is actually dead 💀 🤣
I like how Erik clearly filmed parts of that at very different times given the different physiques and beard lengths. Part of why I love his content
its happening on my 21st bday so immaget drunk and watch the fight lets goo
loving the old music
Ahh good ol intro
I’m so excited for Arin too, I’m really going to have to get tickets
Idubbz is going to get his shit kicked in if he's vsing drmike
Dr. Mike????? Oh my goodness I love that man 🥰🥰🥰 I don’t know who to root for so I’ll just say I’ll be cheering for you both
I can’t believe im going to miss the biggest clash in YouTube history, will we be able to buy recordings??
Dad for the win
I want fousey
this video is terribly put together.
God damn Ian’s ego is out of control. I’ve sparred with golden glove champions and  pro mma fighters and literally 16 year olds in my gym would fuck Ian up.
RIP AB
Reeves has a lil fllippino headhunter inside him.
This is something I've been waiting for. I might get into boxing now. I'm a baron after all. Whatever the fuck that means
What is the intro song??
OKAY DAD WITH THE IPPO TATTOO LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
idubbz going down.
So hyped
Super excited for the event!  But where's Matt an Ryan?
BRET IS FIGHTING SOMEONE?!
Let’s go. Good luck everyone.👍❤️
Maybe it’s cause I’m a girl but I have zero interest in this. Watching paint dry would be more entertaining for me
babe wake up new idubbbz video just dropped
ALEX ERNST ANAHAHWHBEBEBE
Is Idubbz making the comeback to become relevant again? oh boy! its only 4 years too late
Rip my boy sam
Ian seems to be a bit of an underdog in this fight, Mike looks like he’s quite a bit heavier. It’ll make our boy Ian’s win so much sweeter, we’re rooting for ya
I vote for Michael reeves
Exploring all of these YouTubers and the videos they have put out about this is just incredible.  Also IDidAThing ya might want to clarify that your sister and mother are actually two different people, because they are, right???
Why is IDubbs so scared of Sam Hyde?
when i saw harley i freaked out
Just down a shot of bleach and you’ll be good ERRRRIIIICCC
Would have loved to see Harley and Muscles glasses.
I can't wait for March 2023. Training for over a year at the intensity these guys are talking about, Creator Clash should be gold.
Love u idubbz but it kind of feels like a bunch of Utubers nostalgic of the attention they used to know... now their just somebody that I used to know.. boop!
Cut sam Hyde out of the Marley montage. You must pay.
holy fuck i had no idea egoraptor was in this
Gonna have to watch the replay since I'll be out all night tomorrow but super excited to see this event! Massive respect for putting this event together and hope it gathers all of the attention it deserves!
ah i miss this intro
Micheal Reeves looks like Little Mac lmao
Damn lmfao mike actually has hands, Ian's bout to get rocked. Best of luck lad get some good hits in
Nothing worth mentioning about Harley's trainer. Nope, clearly nothing interesting or noteworthy there.   Weak.
This is awesome shit!
its tomorrow
The only boxing event I've ever wanted to see
game grumps guy is gonna get MAULED
AB got this!!!
I'm so glad they're taking it serious lol. This is gonna be awesome!
I’m just looking forward to dads fight
Ermm not even mentioning harleys coach???
Boxing is a great hobby to take up. Build self confidence and self respect along with sharpening a skill.
Hate to ask such a stupid question, but still this air on YouTube at all? I'm working ofc
Of course it's happening in Florida. Why does it always have to be in my homeland? Why must us Floridians always bear the weight of the world's weird shit? :')
If sam dont fight the price aint right.
"What we do here is go back"  That brought me back for sure
i feel like sam hyde was intentionally omitted from this video even though harley is the #3 headliner
I still can’t imagine all of this started because Ian did Content Cop on Jinx.
On mushrooms just saw Dr Strange 2.   So, 3 things. 1)That movie was madness… 2)Authenticy is currency  3)Take my money 4)Love each other.
Can't wait to be there!
I'd pay to see this is Sam Hyde was on the card.
**insert cat in suit reading paper** I should start boxing.
Can’t wait to be there. Gonna fart.
Everyone is watching to see how Harley does after training with Sam. Everything else is irrelevant and all involved know this.
I'm not in a financial position to spend $20 bucks for one night of entertainment, but I wish you all well. Looks like it will be a good time.
Will Roe v. Wade be fighting?
At this point, I do care somewhat as to who wins, but I’m just happy for them mostly.
bro mike is easily a whole weight division higher than Ian how tf is that fair?
Ehhh I couldn’t care less. I always loved idubbz for his content but everyone and their brother is trying to box now, this is lame and I don’t even know or care about any of these people
Exhibition fights is money.
My money is on I Did A Thing and his CO2 powered boxing gloves
I feel bad for the dude fighting Brett.  Dude is a beast.
Bro if the other guy has been boxing for 10 years he’s gonna absolutely mop the floor with you lol
IF SAM DONT FIGHT THE PRICE AINT RIGHT
The one fight I am certain of. Is that hundar gonna destroy ab
Time to obliterate
Crazy how Sam got you into fighting and you don't even mention him in your promo video
This event boutta pop tf off
Alright fucker you got me... got a damn ticket 😅 Looks like a good show and money going to charityis awesome man (chefs kiss) hope you guys do good on this.  BUY A SHIRT OR A HOODY! I DID!
Ian received a day of combat training from the legendary Sam Hyde, so its an easy win.
Say what you will about the March 14th typo at the end, the editors went all out putting CG shoes onto I Did A Thing.
I'm really stoked for this. No drama to care about, just people putting their all in to the fight and all for great cause!
Im more exccited to see Michaels fight. He seems to always be underestimated as an athlete, but dude is a natural, and I'm not saying that because I'm also a half white half filipino dude as well
Didn’t Erik wrestle in high school? As something of a former high school wrestler myself, I have the utmost confidence in skinnyfatjacked daddy salvia. Erik by a
Lets try and get hasan and sam into the ring next
Predictions for who will win each fight numbered in how confident I am in my answer. 1. Idubbz but it'll be close 2. Despite how badly I want Arin to win I think Harley will win 3. DJ Welch and it isn't close. Sorry Erik 4. Dad will win but it will be closer than we think 5. Ryan Magee will win unsure of how close it'll be 6. Hundar will win easily  7. Justaminx will win precisely because she wasn't in shape before and had to work harder to get here.  8. Michael Reeves will win 9. The Odd 1s Out will win because no one will expect it  Place your metaphorical bets and if you win donate to the charity, but if you lose, donate to the charity with a sad look on your face
Hope sam hyde shows up and they put him in a self defense situation
Im so stoked for this
Man I wish sam hyde was in this lol
I'm so impressed and inspired by how dedicated Ian is to this. He really meant it. Fucking awesome! Can't wait!  💫🥊👊💥🥊💪🥊👑🥊👊💥🥊💪🥊💫
Love how Ian deliberately excluded the main focus of Harley's promo, the fact that he's training with Sam. Gotta love that effeminate pettiness. Its sad to see Ian so desperately trying to regain his manhood with this fight when all he has to do is stand up to his wife.
Amazing birthday present
Where can I watch it once the stream is done? I would've bought tickets but I work all day...
where's sam hyde?
Nice, now when are we getting Sam on a card??
Won’t be checking this out live since it’s competing against NHL playoffs, but this is exciting. Can’t wait to see the documentary!
Please I need the revival of Filthy Frank on Idubbbz corner..then all would be fine 🤣
I hope the guy from David Dickoff wins
6:44 i thought that was a woman he was punching at first
this is gonna be so good
I don't know any of these people besides MealTime and Egoraptor lel, why no footage of Arin tho? I'm worried he's gonna bailout. Hope you have someone else for Harley to fight against, guy deserves some primetime for all the intense, life threatening training he is going through, God save his Soul.
I'm just glad that everyone is taking this seriously, and that I can see Minx fight someone
I wish Arin's mouth guard said "Hey I'm Grump"
welp i got somethin to do on saturday
The content cop song from the beginning brings back so many memories 😌
Doctor mike seems like sorta bad guy but him doing this for charity makes me respect him a little a bit more
Sorry but Dr Mike looks like a legit boxer. You can see how much work idubbbz has put in and he looks great and you can tell he has a great trainer, he does all the little things they teach you in boxing that really help and show the difference of someone who's trained with a good trainer instead of someone who randomly throws the gloves on. But I still think Dr Mike will win just looking at how natural It looks to him, he looks good enough to compete but we'll see these are just small clips. It's also one thing to hit some pads and to train but it's completely different getting in the ring and boxing against someone who's been training just as hard, also makes a difference knowing so many people are watching.
I so sincerely love it when people show off their newly earned muscles not in an arrogant way but in a proud "look at what i did" way
Why did people call this guy a Simp, he’s a alpha male
Sam hyde....
Ahhhhhhhh I can't wait!!!!!
let sam hyde fight
Let's go Alex!!!
I wanna see I did a thing go against idub
Where sam.hyde tho. Cmon
March 14 at the end @idubbz
WHERES SAM HYDE
HYPE!!!!
Dude. So much respect for Minx. I think i'd be able train- but I could never get in the ring in front of all those people.
I dont care about any of this schlek
Damn any comment with Sam Hyde gets deleted
I do like how idubbbz is turning his feet when he punches,  that's such a little thing to notice but it makes a big difference and you even see boxers with more experience who still don't do that. Anyone who boxes will know what I mean by turning your feel like that when your throw punches, helps with power, also having good footwork is really important too
Got so hyped when I heard that intro
yeah, alex ernst looks the most solid right now, clean swings, and good speed.
At the end it says March 14th bros
Wait, so what is the date of the event and will it be live on YouTube?
Should've gotten leon lush for this too. Idk why I just wanna see him box and he seems like a genuinely good guy and makes funny videos
didn't know dad is so cool lol
I support filth frank... Wait he's in right?
Bought a ticket figured out I can’t go, won’t refund anyway cause this is too good
Dude Ethan as a coach! Doing it right 👍 AB's doing pushups with him on his back and running up mountains, respect.
one of my friends did the lighting for the press conference and said you were all super nice 🥺 makes me even more excited for tomorrow night !!!
So pumped up for this!!!!!!!
Lets gooooooooooo
Ian punches like I do in my dreams. With all due respect.
Boxing is a sport that takes years of training. This will be a pathetic experience for all involved. Sorry to those who actually paid to view this catastrophe.
Chef soundtrack
We just need to get Ethan to fight Sam
it's refreshing to see people respecting one other and the sport in youtuber events. good luck to all
I really hope they do what the super bowl does and take a few moments between rounds to show which you tubers are in the audience
Eh. I'll wait for the highlights.
video says march 14th at the end dawg
i did a thing had such a transformation and plus ive never seen him be serious
I’m so pissed I have to work tomorrow
Yo Ian is looking super comfortable in sparring, can't wait to see the fight
where is sam lmao
so excited for tomorrow!!!!!
Let Sam fight
Yo Ian you’ve got some clean ass tats, my guy. High key tatdaddy status
hearing the into made me spiral
NO SAM= NO THANKS. jk but srsly
Ngl I feel like Ian's gonna get his cheeks clapped
my predictions: Ian v Mike - Mike Harley v Arin - Harley  ICE v DJW - DJW Hundar v Abe - Hundar Haley v Justaminx - Justaminx Ryan v Alex - Alex Matt v Dad - Matt  IDAT vs O1O - IDAT Michael v Graham - Graham
I love AB but Brett's in a whole nother weight class, he's going to absolutely mop the floor with AB's spaghetti ass. Should've been Brett vs UberHaxorNova, or better yet Alecks vs UberHaxorNova
UH ACTUALLY THERE IS AN ERROR IN THIS VIDEO AT THE END IT SAYS MARCH 14TH, NOT MAY 14TH NOW DON'T YOU LOOK SILLY
This is going to be fucking dope. Hard work and mutual respect. I'll take that over fake shit talking any day.
AB let's goooo...family, family, family ☮💟🥊
11:52 respect for the ippo tattoo
Ian, what you’ve done here is quite simply beautiful. So, so beautiful.  Ian! You magnificent cunt i love you
Idat looking real good
WHERE ARE YOU AT, RICE GUM???
Not gonna mention Harley is literally being trained by The Ghost of Kiev?
Harley's been trained by the most feared man on Youtube.
HYPE HYPE HYPE
Where is rice gum? Lol
Sam vs Hasan
One time I farted directly into Idubbz mouth and he giggled… it made a cool echo as it entered his cavernous open  mouth
im so chubbed to see some of my favorite youtubers get socked in the face
The price ain't right
جيد
may the 14th be with you xdd xd x xddddd hahaha get it? it's like may the force be woth you but its 14th xddddd
Wow they really cut Sam Hyde out of Harleys thing. Kinda cringe bro...
I hope Joji is the mystery fighter - then he "gimme loves" tf out of there on a spacship
Why does the video at the end say March 14 when it's May 14?
4:44
I've never given a shit about a youtube boxing event before. Honestly, I just hope everyone is safe, has fun, and does their best.
Why I hate influencer boxers I’m a infulencsr boxer now LOL
I’m still mad that Hasanabi didn’t join. He’s a gym bro and a chad already, no matter what I’d still be a fan. But I understand he has a strict streaming schedule a bad back. Still wish he’d step in the ring and represent us politicfrogs
IDAT looking STACKED.
Why didn't you use the footage of Harley with his actual coach?
This is so cool im hyped!
I'm so glad they're taking it serious lol. This is gonna be awesome!
Didn't catch the stream. Going to go check if I can purchase the vod?
Can’t wait!!!!!!!
Dr. Mike seems so much more comfortable during sparring. I think Ian might get KOed or TKOed.
You can say Idubbbz has a dad body, but im sure as hell he'll beat you harder than a dad
Ive never been more excited to see a bunch of my favorites beat the shit out of eachother, also little oopsie poopsie at the end of the vid it said march not may lol
The long form content always impresses in the long run
This is a win
HOLY FUCK IM HYPE NOW
This all makes me recall the last documentary of idubbz (how he gets away with it), where he is put on the spot for a little sparing match, and in a way I see that much of this reminds me of it as a big evolution and effort. Very good to see people putting their will and time into this. Good luck to all
Excited got my ticket…mostly cause I wanna see the Michael fight. Quite concerned for Arin Hanson though. 60 pounds is a big difference.
Vibes are good, I like it
darn i missed it, march 14
Super Smash 6 looks great so far
Doctor Mike STILL looks double Ian's size... It's gonna be a slaughter
Anyone know if it will be available anywhere else after the livestream? Or if we can purchase it after?
I'm most exciting for the  EpicMealTime/Egoraptor fight
First time trying to watch something like this and I hope that my middle of the woods internet can handle it.
Seee yalll in Tampa
Does Sam get to walk out with Harley? I hope so.
Yo egoraptor all cap?
Bro, props for the creative work 👍but u getting smoked my guy 💀
Seems a bit late to release this the day before the event no?
I'm so lucky to only be 45mins away from the event. All YouTubers should do more Tampa events instead of Cali lol
So excited to see the show! Definitely tuning in and cheering EVERYONE on! 😊
iDubbz was cool for about a week after the Hyde docos.
Cool to see a MN boy
For a sec, I thought his trainer was Joey Salads 😆
Actually can’t wait to watch
I thought it was May 14th💀💀💀
I can't think of a more worthy moment for that iconic intro to make a comeback.
It feels ao good to see so many of these ppl really making an effort and enjoying themselves. It's very good for the community
Imagine if the dislike bar was still a thing
Rice gum missed the opportunity to get ripped. Look at Idubbz
Dawg the video says March 14th not may
12:05 dayum look at that forehead
that dr. mike is so sexy
nathan will come for blood. he will feed.
Wheres Sam Hyde? Isn't he the catalyst for this whole thing?
"Fighting is cool and charity is nice" That's the pitch
LET SAM FIGHT
I like how Erik clearly filmed parts of that at very different times given the different physiques and beard lengths. Part of why I love his content
That music at the beginning brings back so much memories
THE CONTENT COP MUSICCC!!!!!!! OMG YASSS IAN❤️❤️😜😜😜😜😜
The only person I’d like to see idubbz fight is that one pump chump ricegum
Everyone looks amazing I can’t wait!
Where Sam
Regardless of any outcome it's cool to see Nathan in this!
No SuperMega interview?
Ian is getting worked I’m sorry lol, just in the 30 second clips it’s night and day.
Cant wait for Saturday March 14th n00b edit
Minx looks literally like that side character who got in by mistake but turns out this was what they wanted all along.
so... where's Sam?
IM GOING TO PIRATE THIS WOOOOOOOOO
Hey, Thats pretty Good!👀
Wait what the fuck is no one going to talk about how Brett would demolish not only AB but the majority of the roster??  Idk about that match up lmao
ian looks like your gonna get creamed
I still think it's like a wind up to some joke. Everyone comes out and they play punch out or something instead of real boxing.
I have never been excited for a boxing event. Ever. New things feel weird.
Sam Hyde would KO any opponent if he's in a self defense situation
His only chance is if he pretends like his appendix exploded, to play on Dr. Mike's empathy. Then when the good doctor is lured in.. to help, he makes a feeble attempt at a sucker punch. He will most assuredly break his wrist in the attempt. At this point, Idubbzzzz'z trainer, life coach, wife, power of attorney, Dom, etc. will step in..... This will be the real bout for Dr. Mike...
I think you accidentally edited out Sam Hyde
Sam Hyde triggered all of this
"I already look like an idiot, not gonna happen TWICE!" That was so Nathan and cracked me up as usual.
Dr mike is huge. It looks so unfair for idddddubz
OH MY GOD IT'S DAD
Puuuuuuumped for this event!!
omg ab is the door but when they put the diloe through it
WHERE IS LINUS TECH TIPS???
I spent 40$ for AB
Sorry, but RIP idubbz. Dr. Mike is faster and stronger.
FYI the title card at 12:13 says 'March 14'
SAM HYDE OR BUST!!! 🧐
idubbz couldnt handle a sick nasty freak like the irish candyman
I swear someone joked about your content cop song being your intro song, it seems to be in here so who knows?
Ian bro I love you but you put March 14th instead of May 14th at the end of the video.
March?
Will the event be streamed/documented?
Spend time making a good promo , then get the most important thing wrong and the point of the whole video the DATE ... SAYS MARCH 14TH 12:13
THE OTIS MAC INTRO AGAIN! Let's goooooo
Seeing footage of Ian and Dr. Mike training back to back, they're in different universes of skill. Really excited for the event, got my tickets, but it's disappointing that the headliner match is so uneven.
Pumped
Is no one mentioning on 12:11 it says it happens on march 14th
March 14??? Dang I guess I missed this
I usually illegally stream events like this but it’s for charity. This is the first streaming event I bought an actual ticket for. Can’t wait!
I'm so hyped!!! I got my in-person tickets the second they went for sale!!
Those people you are paying are telling you you're good ian, and mike is going to humble you. Harley is trained by the guy that should have been headlining this card.
cannot wait
It says march on the end card
11:48 the Hajime no Ippo tat is gas
Literally a dweeb 😂 idubz will lose horribly 🤡
I got my tickets :)
The man got laser eye surgery and spearheaded a massive friendly boxing event in the name of charity, fair play to you Ian, you've done a lot of good here  I just hope all that hair cake you've been eating has got you in top fighting form
I just wanna watch people beat the shit out of each other
alex is gonna be scary.. no lie...
The only fight that anyone really cares about is Harley’s.  Because of Sam Hyde.
nathan gonna kick ass. less go.
I can’t think of something more legitimately exciting right now
Just because you edited Harley's clip to look like he wasn't trained by Sam Hyde, we ALL know he was. Come on dude, this behavior is straight up childish
I’ll be there dad
wow it is in Charlie city I love Ian idubbbz
when can leafy box?
Bro the Dr looks good. Real good. I think you're gonna get smashed up .  I'm rooting for you , but man I dunno.
If Sam don’t fight the price ain’t right
Came here for I did a thing
Its nice seeimg other youtubers getting involved, im tired of seeimg the same names who are mostly posers anyway
i didnt know dad had a hajime no ippo tat thats fckin awesome
DAD FOR THE WIN
Man, Nathan Barnett is gonna destroy all.
Where is Sam?
As much as I'd love to see Ricegum get living shit beat out of him, I'm so glad that he doesn't get a shred of attention from this event. Inspiring to see how much Idubbz has bulked up!
There is not enough Sam Hyde in this video
Maybe someone else is more familiar with his comedy style and can explain but I genuinely can't tell if Harley's bit is "this is funny because I'm being sarcastic" or "this is funny because it's 100% accurate"
What? March 14? Like, back in time?
Hope Dad wears his shirt and tie with slacks. Also can't wait to see Michael screech his way to victory
I could care less about a bunch of youtubers boxing. I'm homeless, disabled and can't wait to die.  Have fun with your boxing match.
Se copia de ibai
As a kid who started boxing at 6 and has trained ever since (now 22)  This new wave of ytber  boxing is cringe.
Dumb trend, for dumb people.    Sorry if I triggered you
I wanted to buy a ticket for my bday tomorrow, but I can't figure out how to stream it on my TV.
Where’s the  ☘️ ☘️ 🍭 🍬 Irish Candy Man 🍭 🍬 ☘️☘️!?
I'm ready, I'm ready
"the swail strikes twice"   Reeves probably lol
I love dad
This is the beginning of a new erra of youtube. At least it feels like it is.
Can’t wait for this. Ngl looking forward to the cheek clapping AB IS GOING TO SERVE 🥹. Stay safe in the ring boys!
12:12 video says March 14, but should say May 14
LETS GO AB!!!!
I’m so exciteddddd!!!
"eat beer, drink beer."
Ian is looking fucking good  Lads, holy fuck my boi   is getting big. proud of your progress brother .
What a laughable dismissal of the most important part of Harley's journey.
Why is Sam hyde not on the ticket?
Can’t wait to see this live tomorrow in person 🔥🔥🔥
I'm only going because of Sam Hyde. SAM HYDE.
I don’t understand how boxing works and the hype about it but I really want to see this…. Supermega, Brett and minx are there!!! I’m excited
At the end of the video 12:10 it says it is Saturday, March 14
I really wish I could see Idubz fight that wuss Ricegummy or what ever their name is.
This should be an interesting event and let’s goooooo Game Grumps!!!!
Funny that you decided to leave sam hyde out of harley's clips, did your pornstar girlfriend instruct you to do so?
Bounced on my boiz knuckle sandwich to this for hours. The Fightin' SoyBoy gonna show 'em what good & respectful boxing ring etiquette looks like.
I hear the guy from Epic Meal Time is being trained by the Ghost of Kyiv. I feel sorry about whoever he’s fighting
I hope this outshines the other boxing events to set a precedent, this seems very well put together, and everyone has a reason they've been able to get behind to take this serious.
Will this be streamed here?
I got my money on arin from game grumps
God I wish I could watch this too bad I'm poor
The most shill comment section
alex enrst jab looks solid but his hook is everywhere
Looks like a fun egoless event.
Are you being trained by Joey salads?
I'm pumped to watch this. Love to see some faces I recognize, and some I would never expect!!
A boxing event with no doucheness ? Wow. Amazing.  Can't wait!
March 14th at the end there...i guess we missed it  also- go minx my queen
This is always how these youtuber matches should be. Professionalism, no trashy drama
Good Luck for tomorrow everyone! I won’t be able to watch unfortunately so I wish you all the best and here’s to so much money being raised for charity...cheers!🍻🍾🥂🥰🙌👏👌
Why didn't you let Sam fight?
Sam hyde same hyde ooh the boogeyman ....b!t(h
The end of the video says March 14th... are we waiting a year or is this tomorrow?!?!?!
Saturday, March 14th huh? It already happened?
What we do here is go back took me back
Harley is being trained by the Ghost of Kiev himself. He’s going to break Aron.
Why does the video say March 14
I love idubbz but let's be real, Dr mike is dog walking you
Ian's gonna get hit witha liver shot and that will be the end of the fight
Hahaha Erin was hilarious
Crap. I may actually have to watch this
Watching Harleys lead up to the fight has been captivating. Let’s go Harley
hope chef makes a special appearance
bringing the best as usual
*WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK*
Nearly choked when I heard the content cop intro
Harley and Sam Hyde saga has been the best part of 2022
Can wait to watch arin DOMINTATE!=
You looking good, definitely bulked up! I’m stoked for it your footwork and punches look good!
Wasn’t especially interested a few months ago, but this video got me so hyped!! The authenticity and engagement of the creators makes the event very endearing…❤️😊  Now let’s watch them kick each other’s asses! 🥊😼
Pretty shitty that you didnt show sam training harley at all. Bit of a bitch move
I DID NOT KNOW MINX WAS DOING IT
Hell ya
this gave me workout motivation  its 3 am
Creator Clash March 14th? damn i forgot to travel to the alternate universe and now i'm going to miss the fight.
AB did that, everyone saw that!
damn this shit looks so dumb
There’s no one person I really want to see box, I just want to see everyone show off what they’ve learned for the cause of charity. Very excited, just bought a ticket ;)
Absolutely loved every part of that video, best wishes to all! Ofc I got my favourites, in general it’s gonna be a great show! Great work boys!! Don’t even wanna use periods!
well arins bit was exactly what i expected it to be lol, i hope he does well :)
There is an error at the end. Says March 14 when it should be May
When are Sam Hyde and hasan fighting?
Alex Ernst has serial killer vibes
The fact that you villanized Sam hyde and literally used to copy his content is really not cool
Harley got trained by an absolute monster. There’s no way he loses.
It saids March 14 in the video but may 14 in the title, which is right? Is it in the past or in the future?
Yikes Arron is in trouble I hope he shapes up.
I teared up listening to the intro
"training 4X a week" Not trying to hate on the guy, but if you're training 4X a week for anything..you're not taking it seriously..you should be training all day every day
Where is Sam Hyde
I'm so unbelievably excited
What time is it on?
If only Hasan Piker and Sam Hyde were a match I would pay to see Sam Hyde in a defense situation like that the whole crowd getting wiped out would be quite a spectacle.
honestly dont know whos gonna win this for sure gonna be a good fight
Sad that the person who inspired all of this isn't allowed to compete.
2:40
The only reason Sam wasn't invited is because they don't have Holocaust insurance.
Imagine not mentioning Sam Hyde coaching Harley in his intro
never have I felt compelled to buy a boxing ticket! I actually feel like the expert during a sporting competition since I have been following a lot of these creators for years!
Can't wait to see Matt get turned into paste and for Ryan to rip out his opponents heart
Aw hell yeah! Kick some @$$, dubz! 👊
Aight,just watched the trailer from a month prior,this caught me completely off guard,but I respect it a lot more now. For everyone there I hope it’s a damn blast 👍
It just so happens to be my birthday tomorrow, and this livestream is going to be the main event of the day. Can’t wait to see Mike pummel Ian while I munch on cake 😅
I don’t know if it’s safe to let the fight between Harley and Arin happen considering Harley has been trained by the ghost of Kiev himself.
Can we all give Ricegum a quick thank you for making all this possible?
Ew ethan Klien
I hope you knock doc out
THE CANDYMAN COMETH
May 14 my birthday bro
Date wrong at end of video po-boy
If Sam don't fight the price ain't right!
That Dr. Mike guy is gonna beat the shit out of Ian. Harley is going to knock out whoever the retard is. Nothing more to say on the rest of the card beside it looking extremely lame. I sincerely hope this event makes some good money for charity but I'm sceptical that it will turn a profit seeing as to the piss poor promo and this lame ass line up. Best of luck to all tho
seeing a bunch of YouTubers so dedicated to their training is seriously inspiring
Ahh maaan. . .
is this training footage cringe? yes. do they suck at boxing? absolutely. am i excited to watch sub amateur level of boxing? you can bet your bottom dollar i am
iCucks gunna get knocked the fuck out
I can't wait for the I did a thing fight, he's gonna kill it
May 14th
I don’t believe anything Ryan Garcia says
ironic that I work at a hospital tommorow
I didn’t know who a lot of these people are prior to this video but I have to say, great well Ian and Aliza. You’ve grabbed my attention and made me interested in all of these people, and instead of making this a gross drama spectacle, it seems like everyone is taking this very seriously and is in it for the right reasons. I’m really looking forward to it 🙌  Side note - whatever happened to Nerd City? He would’ve been great.
Ian’s gonna lose 😂👌
So how’s this work? I buy the tickets online, then I can watch it live? I wanna buy tickets but I’m confused How it works
Who the fuck are 1/2 these people?
A great promo for this would be copying that Scott Steiner math promo lol
Love the intro true childhood intro
you people are cowards for trying to stop Sam Hyde from showing up at this.
I'm so excited for this, actual respectable humans who all seem nice, and whom I'd all be happy for if they'd won. It's not about wanting to see any of them get hurt or lose face or anything like that, and you can tell it's not for any of them.  Very comfy vibes despite the violence
So excited to watch this!!!!
Love your content idubbz! Been watching you for 6 years now and you never disappoint
Minx is gonna level that chick 🤷‍♂️ idk I feel it. lol good luck to everyone! Love seeing the effort everyone is putting in!
12:12 you put March 14th instead of May 14th lol
I got my ticket ground floor row 2
Can't wait to pirate the stream
Good old Otis McDonald intro!
Sam Hyde watched this looking for himself
DAD DAD DAD DAD LETS GOOOO 💙💙💙💙💙
Really great advertisement
watching since the pink guy x idubz era i would never think you would box but seeing this video has brought a light to a spot on youtube thats turned dark with all the bs events lately this has brought hope for boxing and youtube im excited to see what happens. love you man Good luck! <3
The March 14th at the end of the video confused the hell out of me.  May 14th*   I thought, was that shit pushed till next year?
12:14 is it may 14th or march 14th??? Tomorrow or next month?
Says March 14th in the outro - 12:12
ah yes, march 14th
The intro took me back
This is really inspiring. I can’t wait to see it! Work was too busy for me to go in-person, but I’ll be there in spirit.
No sam hyde?
12:13 oh boy, I can't wait for March 14th!
I have to check it out after the match cuz I be broke as shit haha  however very hyped to see everyone going all in!
Most interesting stuff from this is Epic Meal Time getting trained by Sam Hyde shit wild.
If sam not gonna fight the price ain't right
The Ghost of Kiev dropping into the ring like Sting would make the price right
what about dr mikes oath?
Can't wait
Seeing Egoraptor and Brett in an Idubbbz video brings me much joy
The video was so nice I saw it twice
It would be haha if actually one of these people turned out to be professional at the end cuz this ignited something inside them
I can't wait. Huge respect to every creator involved. I'm glad to see everyone is getting stuck in and taking this seriously without the fake drama.   I really looking forward to the progress everyone achieves - physical transformation and boxing skill.  Good luck to everyone and thank you Ian
dad got hands tho
The dream match would be edups vs jinx
Is there still a secret boxing match yet to be announced yet, if so I'm thinking Charlie has gotta be it Vs someone 😅
Sick.
I didn't realize until this promo how Ryan McGee has a top-tier boxer name
I'm scared of swole magee
Ab!!!!!! Lets go  🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡
YO THE FUCKIN NOSTALGIA KICK IN THE BEGINNING
The Super Smash Bros of Youtube
So glad you met sam and he inspired you to learn to box idubbbz
I love that everyone is taking this seriously and with respect. Also keeping the fidelity to what boxing is shows everyone’s respect for the sport.
Yo it says March at the end
Since the coaches are gonna be there shouting at their fighters, does that mean we’ll see Sam there?
I think Ian owes a lot of his combat knowledge to Airsoft Fatty.
Thank god no fake drama was involved to bait dumb people into this event, that’s just ridiculous and pathetic
This whole event and everyone fighting was a genuine shock. I'm pleasantly surprised and intrigued in watching all these fights.
I'm really pumped to see Professor Erik teach some Influencer Boxing Etiquette... Win or lose.   I am very happy to see how much dedication and time Big Money put into training.  He's finally got a legitimate reason to be that sweaty.
Dude minx is too funny
Content cop doctor mike
Cringe
This is going to be sad because I don’t want any of these guys to lose, everyone is so wholesome, except you Eric, who the fuck posts on a 6 year dead channel just to show a few seconds of a shitty song!
i'll be honest, regardless of how much confidence idubbbz seems to have, i'd bet everything on mike lol, you can just sorta tell one of them grew up athletic and the other didn't just by their movements.
A lot of these obviously arent 100% fair fight at all since the i.e the doc obviously has more experience and the by far better physice BUT, just on the chance of someone like eyedubbezzz taking the doc out by having the faster swings makes this already 110% more interesting then the entire previous fuckboy mc cloud chaser versus fuckboy mc hypebeast bullshit.
The intro :0
Title and Description say May 14th which is tomorrow but the end card says March 14th which I'm assuming means Next year? So which is it because both timelines seem way off
Really impressed with the dubbz training...but still think Dr Mike is going to win. He is so much THICCER still and has scary good form.
How did I just now find out Harley was on this card? He better not lose.
sad no Samuel El Hidden 😢 😞
0:18 Fucking hell this just unlocked my nostalgia
WTF it's in March 14???
Okay…. I might watch this
This is boring, the only A team YouTuber is Idubbz, micheal reeves is more of a c team, and doctor Mike is popular but I see him more as a tiktokerl
See you in Tampa
Damn, I wish I wasn't broke af. Good luck to everyone. I wish you all an honorable fight! 🥊🥊
sheeeeeeeeesh ians lookin GOOD
march 14 lmao
Fair play to you Ian.. much respect big guy 🙌
Is the doctor breaking the hippocratic oath? "Do no harm"
wow this is amazing
I was already excited but now I'm way more excited
Im so sad. Im flying to Orlando from Denmark monday the 16th. 2 days after i bought my ticket i see the creator clash announced in Tampa. feels incredibly bad man  Still it ssems like an amazing event
this is the corniest shit 💀💀 homeboy holdin Dr Mike’s bag pretending to get blown away by force
Holy shit. I Did a Thing got waaaay more jacked than I thought..
The fact that 2 of my favorite YouTubers (Michael reeves and graham Stephen) are fighting each other is insane to me
Is it being streamed how do you watch in Australia?
Hell yeah
This "keemstar" character is very ominous. He emits a dark energy in the worst possible way.
Idubz gonna get his ass kicked. Lol. He looks terrible. And Sam better be there!
iDubbbz is getting his ass kicked
Haha I dont even care, but I'm getting excited. And arin/egoraptor is gonna be there? Mmm..mm...mmmmmm.....this is gonna be fun as fuck.
Every other recent yt boxing event was just them being "oh look at me im gonna box im a big shot give me money" this is the only event i think will have an actually great way of bringing youtubers and boxing together
That is my dog's birthday
ian is fucked
“I did good in high school sports, I think I would have been one of iDubbbz’s top boxers.”
This needed Airsoft Fatty... lol
I'm not a fighter but I've been boxing for 23 years, since the age of seven. These guys aren't looking particularly that good. The Australian dude was okay but their form is awful also fuck h3h3.
Idubbz got bigger and he's in better shape for sure, but looking at him spare it's clear he is still below the novice level skill in boxing.
I enjoy pretty much all of these content creators. This will be fun.
I like that people are genuinely putting in the effort. No diva's stirring the pot. Saturday is gonna be stellar.
I've never seen so many inauthentic people in one place. I'm only going to watch a live stream of it for Sam Hyde's prodigy Harley.
How did I just found out today that Alex from the vlog squad is in this fight 🤡😂
i smirked when i first saw this even being thrown, but now im hyped AF.
INB4 keemstar starts crying like a little baby because there’s “no drama”
march 14th 12:12
I have a feeling that a lot of these fights are mostly just going to come down to who went to the best gyms/has the better coach/better trainers. But who knows. I'm stoked either way first time I've ever bought any kind of pay per view event this is just too cool to miss.
I can’t wait to see minx actually punch someone
PUERTO RICOOOOO🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
March?????
No sam hyde? No care
I'm literally so hype
finally im starting to like jacked idubbbz gogo my dude
I’ll am so fucking hyped for this, it’s gonna be great!
Too bad the line up doesn't have the Ghost of Kiev 😞
Sad to see Sam Hyde not even mentioned in Harleys clip despite being an integral part of his training. Can’t wait to see that match.
At least they’re training unlike most of those TikTok
I'm so glad that we live in a time when Youtubers engage in bloodsport for relevance.
You wanna really impress people, cancel the boxing and have everyone wheel 16 yards of concrete uphill through sand and transition to a clear stone base with rebar tied on 12 inch centers without tipping or stopping until all 16 yards has been poured. Wheelbarrow after wheelbarrow until you want to die. That's how you prove who is tough.
I'm shocked how quickly time passed from the moment the tickets became available to now
Wait where's Supermega's parts lmao
No mention of the Ghost of Kiev at all during Harley's bit?
iDubbbz about to be embarrassed.
Harley is going to fuck up game grumps dude - its going to be a bloodbath.
Man Idubzzz must really hate Sam Hyde... Didn't even let Harley mention that he was training him... What a joke. Sam Hyde is the only reason why half of the people are interested in this.
I'm actually thinking about paying to see this one... just thinking, so far. But I actually relate to these guys and girls, whereas I've never seen myself in Jake Paul or Austin mcbroom.
Way to beat em at their own game! Doing the damn thing! I bet they feel stupid and left out for not accepting your offer to box. Keep it up!
Won't let me like the video hmmm???
No Sam Hyde?
Great vid! Just a heads up, it says March 14th at the end of the video instead of May 14th.
Ah yes, the  'cut every training footage from Harley that happened after he switched to training with Sam Hyde' what a classic move. Seriously, I get Sam isn't the guy you want to throw on the big screen since he's not "PG" and you don't want to give the event bad rep. But cutting even just sparring footage of Harley training with him is not cool.
So who's going to post the pirated stream?
How can you not root for Arin? He thinks fighting is cool AND charities are good. What a Samaritan.
yuo*
Minx is going to literally destroy that girl she is fighting LMAO cant wait to see this.
March 14th?
First off, I'm hyped as heck for this event. Second, was that music from the greatest movie of all time, "Chef", in the intro?
Truly proud of how much effort that you've put into this Ian. You're a legend bro.
Is that first tattoo on dad Ippo Makunoichi from Hajime no Ippo? Could be someone else, I'm just making the anime connection because he has the Saitama tattoo as well.
Who is Sam Hyde fighting?
Is moist gonna be a commenter?
And don’t forget Harleys trainer
Not surprised to see the obligatory number of token fuckboi's taking part in this event. There's definitely gonna be atleast 2 or 3 chiselled jawed pretty boys with highlights in their hair who've never been in a fight in their life and who know nothing about boxing turn up specifically for every ounce of clout and recognition they can possibly get to have more people notice notice them on social media (because Obviously that's what Really matters in life nowadays🤦🏼‍♂️), but, the good thing is they can/will provide the entertainment (and probably KO's) of the evening due to the fact that they can't fight to save their lives, so at least they'll be some kind of value to their participation (I hope). I look forward to seeing how many of the people taking part actually know how to box (or Not as their case may be😬). Should be s good night, can't wait to watch it for free the next day (because there's no way I'm giving my money to strangers who I don't know like how the sheeple do....nope!)
Wow, way to completely leve our Harley’s coach, Sam hyde. He’s literally the most interesting part of his story. Kinda pathetic
Cant watch the event in person but will try to  watch it live.
I saw Minx and michael reeves in there is that right mr dubbz?? 1:39 Lmfao really? 4:33 yeah there it is. That’s kinda fucked up considering she’s with alinity and all that bullshit but,well k then 5:05 pfft 6:29 aaaand micheal reeves i wasn’t wrong. Man this quite the fever dream. Ya gonna put markiplier here or something my brain’ll blow up 10:13 ADH- ok glad to know lol 12:12 Good. Lord,man. This was quite the surprise. Not really into boxing but man this really fuckin caught me off guard
Honestly I’ve never watched pro boxing or been interested in the whole YouTube boxing thing but this brings such a different scene of respect and love for the sport by people who are all great to watch and just overall fun to witness do such a good thing far better than watching two people barely train and berate each other so thanks for putting together something truly defining and entertaining much love from Scotland good luck to all the fighters
LETS GO AB!!!!!!!!
I hope Dad wears the suit while he boxes
its not all about the knock out we gotta see good fights
We want Sam Hyde! We want Sam Hyde! We want Sam Hyde! We want Sam Hyde!
If i dont see anyone passionately kiss the opponent before the match begins im going to be dissapointed. Nohomo
I've moved my TV out into the garage just so I can watch this live without interruptions. I've been a fan of many of these fighter for a long time and been practicing boxing for even longer, so thank you guys very much for putting this together. Good luck big money salvia 🥊
Honestly pumped to see all of these matches! I remember originally assuming Harvey and Arin would be a brutal match but honestly most of these could get very brutal if they don’t hold their punches
Where can we watch?????
Super mega?
Love how they left Harleys training with Sam Hyde out 😂😂
Goofy people putting serious work into a intense sport? Mom, get the wallet 🤲💵
Best part is no one really loses, its for charity
Man, should have invited Steven Crowder to lay out some liberals or better yet fight Ben Shapiro.
When the text said march instead of may i got so mad
What about knack II baby?
These are the creators that put their heart and soul into the craft of content. No cowards, just people willing to give it their all and fight to win
How many subs do I need to box Esfand? Paladin VS Rogue Redridge revenge fight. :^)
I don't think I'll be able to watch the whole thing live, but I'll still buy a ticket to support the cause.
so its cool because you do it??? okay
Why does the end say March 14th?
was on and off if I wanted to buy a ticket but went ahead and did it. I know I really want to see it :D
This is going to be epic no matter the outcome 👍
epic cow chop reference
Fight Sam Hyde.
All that editing and you get the date wrong at the end? IT AIN'T IN MARCH
one of the sickest thing to happen on YouTube
Who's got a discount code for the fight? 🎟
If I wasn't so frugal, even for charity, I would definitely buy a ticket. I mean it's the thought that counts right phhbbb.  Also, how you make such an epic video with great editing, then mess up the month at the end like that?
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED WITH RHE INTRO LETS GET IT! 👀
Don’t worry minx you’re Irish genes will carry you to victory just like how schlatt carry’s your views
I’ve never been interested in boxing and i bought a ticket (and i’m secretly hoping this will inspire me to get in shape)
I love how awesome Erik is
seeing this isnpired me, been locked inside my room sparring with my demons..
I want Minx to fight ShoeOnHead, they have matching makeup
Arin was a funny little ball of wholesome - also really excited to see Nathan!
H~i~s~s~!
It's about speed.
Egoraptor looks so out of shape
8:02 best part imo
Am putting all my internet point on michael reeves. He seems like someone that secretly knows how to fight but hides his power level. Very clean technique
Why does it say March 14 at the end?
This is actually really motivational for me to finally put on muscle and not look like a stick
Very excited for this very ebic
Love this video.
Ab has got this in the bag
Arin will back out
rooting for idubbz, AB and Eric the most. You guys got this!!!
Let’s go Harley, he is the only reason 80% are invested 🤣
God Arin hasn't changed, love his humor
Shame the Sam angle is left out here. Only interesting bit imo
Cant wait for sam hyde
p
Lol 😂 fucking ego raptor best promo
W Alex Ernst
Where is Sam Hyde
I guess Ricegum cowering away from idubbbbz was a blessing in disguise. Now we get this great big awesome event
Been watching UFC religiously for 21 out of my 30 years and this is the first time I've ever paid for an event that wasn't MMA. Never been so stoked to watch boxing.
I BELIEVE IN MATT
Dr Mike looks solid...be safe out there lol im excited to see this
I would not be surprised if Michael reeves won
I love that there's no "fake beef" and the moves they're training are legit. - Also this makes me want to learn something new and just grind the shit out of it.
“What we do here is go back…”  Wow, that takes me back.
Finally some respectable boxing. Jake paul has been ruining the sport for how long now?
W Idubz
I wonder what the activation phrase will be to unleash Hydes Manchurian Candidate in the ring. Think it, dream it, something..?
Most exited event I have ever been excitingly exited for. Can't wait 💥
WE WANT SAM HYDE
1:51 HAHAHAHAHA...haha..haha good joke
why'd you keep sam out of it
It's gonna be rad
Holy crap otis hit me like a nostalgia TRUCK
Let's go, Saturday March 14th 2026 !?
So excited for this!!
i would love for it to became a healthy non-cringe alternative to whatever logans doing
March 14th? U sure bruh?
"Sam is bad for business" Sam is the reason this event has an audience and he isn't even in it 🤣
March 14 😢
will there be a way to see a recording after the fact? still willing to pay for it, but i will unfortunately be working while it's airing
just cant wait for them to call Michael.Manny Pacqiao
The video video says March 14 at 12:13. It’s meant to be May 14 right? Or am I just stupid?
Finally a YouTuber boxing event where I actually know or give a shit about the content creators in the entire card instead of it being just the main event fighters I know or the card just being top heavy.
God damn Hundar looks like he is built for fighting.
Idubbbz remains the only creator on here with a spine
this looks lame as hell
heyyy... thats pretty good 🙂
Love Ian hope he doesn’t get knocked out I’m worried cause ten  years of experience is no joke even if it was just for fitness
AB is gonna kill it! Love ya Starkilla!
Completely doesn’t mention sam Hyde in Harleys section
i cant wait for this, this is going to be great
damn the intro gave me chills
One of the reasons this could be a good fight, is that none of the fights are like "oh yeah, he's gonna get crushed by blah blah blah", everyone is matched up pretty well.
So a bunch of detestable fake LA dwellers are gonna box each other - oh and the dude from Epic Meal Time (who lets face it actually seems real). As it is charity though and a cause that has effected my life, I do wish you all luck but I still find you insufferable apart from the guy from Epic Meal Time, win or lose - you have my respect.
I'm sorry iDubbz is going to get absolutely destroyed.
I'm not gonna watch this video unless Sam Hyde is in it This is made for egocentric YouTube assholes who don't understand how they are in the way of the rest of us. God bless  Mr. Idubbz
As soon as Ian looks into those eyes, he's falling in love with Mike
ryan Garcia's video with dr mike is all i need to know. Losing to a doctor sure is a bad way to start a career in boxing. idubbz ko that peditrican
Dam that intro brought back memories
12:14 Saturday, March 14th?
it says march 14th not may 14th
You should have put Sam Hyde (who has been training EMT) in this video.
I like this more than ksi v Logan boxing matches coz this has more respect vibes than beef
Cant wait to see minx
I’ve never paid to watch a sport in my life but best believe I got my ticket man, this fight is genuinely gonna be the coolest thing to see this year! So proud of everyone involved being so involved and working towards the charity cause. Really can’t wait to see it go down!!
Literally only found out cuz of Sam hyde
Minx is gonna be ferocious
I legitimately would have ordered a ticket to this if Sam Hyde was in it
Huh, what movie was that song in the beginning from?..
Good luck AB
Tbh I’m more excited in seeing Harley’s development ever since he started training with Sam Hyde and see what the result is. Is Sam gonna be in his corner?
'saturday, march 14'
Why does it say March 14 in the end card though? xD
I love you for this idubbbz thanks for letting us finally watch something worthwhile
Im so excited for this event, and I would never have thought that Id be. Cant wait to see each fight, but really cant wait to see Dad knock out Matt in the first round!
What was your last video again?
This BETTER BE IN YOUTUBE REWIND if they fucking have one
good luck to everyone!
Hey idubbbz, wanna be the VA for one of my characters in my upcoming stop motion series?
12:13 March 14th. Good job guys
just want to see sam hyde fight someone, everyone else are low t dorks
I wonder if Harley is gonna get away with it.
This is awesome
Idubbbz bro it says march instead of may 😂😂😂
arins dead lol
that guy is going to piece up ian lmao
Win or lose, I can’t wait to see the documentary Ian puts out afterwards looking at his journey through it
what we do is just go backkkk
Someone upload Michael Reeves part as I won’t be able to watch
cringe clash
Ian seems to be a bit of an underdog in this fight, Mike looks like he’s quite a bit heavier. It’ll make our boy Ian’s win so much sweeter, we’re rooting for ya
I’m confused. The video said “March 14”. But the title says “May 14”. 🤔
Sam…Hyde 🤷🏻‍♀️
I’m really excited for this match
I never noticed how big this event was going to be VERY excited
Why did you include footage of some random dude who trained Harley for a couple of days, meanwhile Sam Hyde trained Harley for months leading up to the fight and you don't include that? How petty are you... What's even more sad is how whipped and spineless you have to be to not allow Sam Hyde to attend the event due to your overbearing wife
Just bought my streaming ticket can’t wait for tomorrow
next time just make good content
Is it march or may in the video it say march on the description it says may
Dr Mike is gonna destroy Ian 😂
Really wish Sam Hyde was in this.
Sam Hyde owns you dubs
epic
Dad has a Hajime No Ippo tattoo. Dads going to win by KO round 1 by DEEEEMPSSEEYYYY ROLLLLLL
Idubz still looks like a fish out of water, and Mike looks decent ngl.
the only ad worth watching
When I heard "What we do here is go back" I instantly smiled out of nostalgia
No supermega interview?!
edups I think you made typo. On the video it says March 14th instead of May 14th.
"This guy just watches anime and doesn't actually train"......something no one has (reasonably) said ever haha
Some of the footage is just... yikes... why is Alex leaning back like that?
If Sam don’t fight the price ain’t right
Dude, this is so badass.
Why does it say march 14 in the outro?
alex vs ryan?! harley vs arin?! now this is something i gotta see
I hope idubbbz training footage is phishing. He looks considerably slower than Mike.
Idk...I miss the Content Cop version of iDubbbz
This feel like a very soy event
LETSSSSS GOOOOO IAN!!!!!!
no fucking way
i couldnt give a single shit
Yeah doctor mike will kill him
Sam Hyde next time though, Kay?
Someone better record this, I'm too broke to go 😭
Been boxing for 2 years and can confidently say idubbz technique is looking cleann, can tell our boys been training super hard considering the amount of time he’s been training, can’t wait
godspeed edups
The salvia guy is fighting?!
I'm surprised that logan pual isn't In this contest because apparently he can beat world champions and welter Wright while he's 6'5  and classed as a heavy weight
wheres mr hyde i want mr hyde idubbz
I LOVE THIS IAN, appreciate your content
Seeing everyone mention Sam Hyde in the comments even with Iddubz refusing to even mention him in the video is so satisfying.
I’m so excited for this
I’m so excited for this
"Should a doctor be boxing?" Dr. Mike must be new to boxing. Klischko was a doctor and the heavy weight champion of the world. Now he is liquidating Russians. So sure mike, doctors make great boxers haha
Go Arin!111
Great to hear the content cop song again. Wish you would have let Sam attend and be in Harleys corner
Simpdubbzz
It  says March 14th at the end, isn't it supposed to be May 14th?
Sam Hyde would knock out all of Ians Teeth, eat them, then shit them back in Idubbz mouth.
There people I actually like now, this will be extremely entertaining
Sad we aren't getting Ethan vs Keemstar or Sam Hyde vs Hasan
Came for Sam Hyde, left for Sam Hyde.
I'm gonna be in Vegas tomorrow hopefully there will be somewhere I can bet on Harley
The next Saturday, March 14 is in the year 2026. Can you confirm the event is for that day?
Sorry but your yes men need to slow down. I see alot of flailing and openings. Good luck.
Jinx Reload been real quiet since this dropped....
Idubbz is going to get flogged
Jesus Christ. Michael Reeves is actually tiny. Good luck little dude.
Im so fucking stoked for this. And for charity?! Fuck yeah!
SO EXCITED TO SEE YALL IN PERSON
Bro imagine max and chad fighting
I don’t give AF about politics - whether you are left or right - if you Simp or are an Alpha Douchebag. I care about being entertained here on the YouTube’s, and that’s exactly what the man of the same name as mine, Ian, is doing with this Creator Clash! Love me some Idubbz; love me some Sam Hyde; Love me some boxing/combat sports; Love me some Drama; Love me some humans pushing themselves to their limits; So Let’s Fucking Go ! ! ! Ahhhhh ! ! !  p.s. I don’t know what tf Dr. Mike is but his movement looks decent… impressed with Idubbz considering he’s never done boxing, possibly anything athletic in his life. Let’s see what happens.
"Eat beer and drink beer" I thought Arin didnt drink alcohol?? either way, he deserves a beer after this is all said and done and if I could, I'd love to be the one to buy it for him <3
Sam should have fought
You’re making a certified classic Ian congrats
THINK IT - DREAM IT - DO IT
I can’t wait Ian
the content cop music👏
The Irish candy man needs to be here
In the end it says March 14th but the title says may 14th
Cool vid, but shout out Sam Hyde for inspiring Idubbbz. Can't wait to see Harley's Candyman style🥊😈
I’m skipping this
Oooooo buddy! I am so pumped to see this!
Bro has Michael Reeves, hope y'all know he's a sleeper agent
The Intro Warmed my Heart.      This is not for "Clout", its for Charity. Something Original Boxing was lacking of...
Sam Hyde would 10x the popularity of this event
Thiught this was very one sided and dr mike will take this oke but Ian looking ready! Exciting
algo
It says march 14th in the end btw and not may 14th.
I can’t believe idubz is actually gonna right doctor mike 💀 bro thinks he can just walk down a doctor
no mention of Sam coaching Harley = No streaming ticket purchased
12:13 is it March 14 or May 14?
Yo can anybody tell me what time is the fight gonna happen tomorrow.
Go on Ian!!
Egoraptor is the last guy I expected to see in this and fighting Epic Meal Time no less, weird timeline.
I don’t care who wins, it’s awesome to see these people respect the sport of boxing
Sam Hyde simps really be orbiting Idubbbz now
What a day
Holy shit, I did a thing 👀
Get Joe Rogan to commentate
We're gonna need the candy man AKA Sam Hyde to make this thing actually interesting. Need to see some self defence situations
If Sam Hyde ain't there We don't Care
Wooo
Sam Hyde
Dr. Mike um supporting u.....
SATURDAY MARCH 14TH! Fuck already missed it.
Sam Hyde is gonna run up in your house, take a dump up in your mouth, and get the money out the couch.
Lmfao at how they omit Sam
Doctor mikes movement is light years ahead of Ian, I was really hoping Ian would win but seein these clips really made me realize mikes got it
🥰
*I’m Fucking- Can’t Even Put It Into Words. All I Can Say Is H Y P E.*
Is Sam Hyde in it?
Wtf you shouldve shown the sam hyde vs harley parking lot brawl
Good job ending it with dad!
4:34 she has been made fun of far enough! Its time for us biter bitches to fight back!
The intro was almost nostalgic it’s crazy how much the internet changed in such a short time period
Super excited to see Sam Hyde get into a self defense situation
Kinda funny how bret is gunna fight a ab who kinda looks like Aleks. Added motivation for him for sure
those dubbz hips tho !!
7:46
my expectations of top 3 fighters. 1 Dr. Mike. 2 Dad 3 iDubbz. any aggreers ?
Way more hyped for tomorrow
I've never paid for sports, I've never even watched an entire game all the way through, now I'm attending one and sitting three seats away from the ring. Been so hyped for this for so long and I am wildly wildly excited for what I would safely deem a once in a lifetime experience
I will be only be watching harley fight for free because im only interested in Sam.
Omg I didn't even realize we were this close to the date, so hyped to see it
I’ve got my tickets, I’m hyped!!
im fucking poor i cant watch this shit im so sad bro
Lmao, I'm out ✌️
This looks like hollywood sword fighting but like how they try to hit each others sword instead of the person 😂 sam hyde is going to take the trophy by force because the strong do what they will.
This boxing event is the first time im rooting for creators NOT to get beat tf up. Damn. Am I actually gonna pay to watch this? Hmmm...
Man I loved the epic meal time and game grumps videos when I was younger. It'll be crazy to watch them box now that I'm a young adult
I would never pay or even watch one of those absolutely shit “boxing” events that other youtubers have done. But this will be my first time watching and paying for one of these because it’s nothing like those other cringe events.
you skipped the part where Sam Hyde will be there
This is like an acid trip come to life, and I couldn't be happier for it.
Date at the end is wrong
I got my ticket 3 weeks ago and haven't stopped thinking about this match. Very excited to see everyone box. Good luck to all the creators.
The ending says March 14?
Honestly wish I could be in person to watch
Farmville 2022.
Idubbz i love your vids and root for you to win but if i were a betting man id place it on the 10yr boxing guy
Doc has crisp boxing wow
I already know that these fights finna be ass but i still bought the ppv just for that chills comentary 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Dude looks like the riddler
fuck that intro brings me back
sam hyde won
Because of this intro I want content cop back
Barnatt looking like a swell Sifu of Slap, about to bring some real sweet Mega-Pain Dad style..
Reeves vs Stephen seems to be the biggest miss match so far . Reeves gonna give him that left hook larry
Is there gonna be a free release of this event at some point? I'd love to watch it but i cant reasonably afford buying a ticket
I just miss bad unboxing and this just seems ironically meta
Seeing Egoraptor get punched in the face will be the highlight of my year.
Seeing eyedubs turn into Diet Jake Paul leaves me with one conclusion. I feel like hes finally worthy and redeemed from that onlyfans bullshit froma. few years ago. iDubbz you finally have my permission to be a man, I know this is a big deal for you, but please lets keep it humble. Congrats buddy.
Idubbz had to learn to box so he would be able to try to get the big boy pants back from his wife
Good promo
Ngl Ian lookin top form right hee
Ah yes march 14
I was waiting for this video
God I miss that intro
I will absolutely be watching this
Ill be there rooting for you!
i lost it at the image of reach for matt 🤣
1:53 Eddie Hall and Halfthor enterthe room
I don't care about sports AT ALL and yet I'm so excited to see this event!!! This is how you do a boxing match and get people interested in it!!! Also like...i never thought I'd be inspired by a sport, but the drive and focus that the fighters are showing towards this event is super inspiring.
actually a good line up dude
why the hell did he wait until the day before to upload this
Ur gonna lose bro
IDidAThing is an outfighter for sure
I’m here to see Erik Salvia drop that soy boy 🔥
oh my gosh I was smiling so hard watching this - so proud of all the fighters' journeys!!! I'll be watching online this weekend!
The date at the end of the video says March instead of May
Harleys winning look at his coach
Sam Hyde
why didnt you introduce harley's coach?
12:13 It says March instead of May. I thought it was next year for a second 😂  ITS TOMORROW
Just hearing the intro music... throwback
12:13 they put march instead of may
Harley has been trained by the ghost of kiev, its not fair
Bro that intro music. I miss that. I miss content cop and bad unboxing.
Honestly I just wanna watch Idubbbz, Michael, and I did a thing boxing matches
I was not expecting minx, Michael reeves, odd1sout, and dad
Hold up, did they even show Harley?
Arin and James have me spooked. I really, really hope they've been training properly. Please dear God, don't let that pudgy man die. I see their fights ending in seconds and I'm a little worried. Good luck mina.
Ian's tattoos be looking dope though
good luck guys and gals!!! to everyone that enters the ring for charity....kudos.
I'm so glad that cowchop is finally getting some recognition
Where is this being streamed ??
Hearing the intro immediately hit me with nostalgia
Se copia de ibai B)
the into brought a crazy amount of nostalgia this is the first youtuber boxing match im actually really excited to see
cant believe sam inspired him to start boxing
Dubbbz please, get tha DUB
OMG THE OTIS MCDONALD WAS A THROWBACK
Me and my buddy bought tickets, we’ve never paid for something like this before looking forward to it!
WOOOOOOOOOOO 🥊🥊 GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE !!
of all creators, how is Noel Miller not a part of this?
Holy shit, i haven’t seen iDubbz in forever but as a gym bro it’s sick to see his transformation! Looking way more solid and built fr, keep it going, not just for the event but for your lifestyle!
WHERES NICK MULLEN
FREE SAM HYDE
Pretty pissed about you not including Sam Hyde. Probably the worst decision ever.
The boy is back at it again with the white vans
Bro tell me why when I heard the theme I got goosebumps
🤦🏻‍♂️
v excited tho
i love this not only cause my favorite content creators are gonna beat the shit out of each other but the fact that they all went through some sort of transformation to get ready for this definitely some good effort here
Dr mike will smoke idubbz without sams training… sad
my dude  march 14?
Nobody wants this. Just drop a content cop Ian
I want iddubbz to win but damn that doctor guy seems like he’s really good and jacked
ian looking mean in the ring ngl
AB gonna win, mark my words
All in for Michael Reeves - Cursed to being a filipino to becoming a filipino influencer boxer. Because I love a certain filipino boxer.
Yeeeees! The purest of content!
Is it just me, or does Ian look quite alike to baldur? Coincidence?
I love how basically everyone is taking this very seriously. Boxing is a vicious sport and I’m so happy they’re treating it respectfully
Bro im sorry but dr mike legit looks like an amateur boxer. and people will see that and think im dissing but amateur boxers that do this seriously are closer to mike tyson than you are to them
I feel a little bad for iDubbz, his Testosterone levels in comparison to the others taking part leaves him with an unfair disadvantage. I don't mean this in a way to 'throw shade' on the guy either, it's just a painfully obvious fact. His opponent could probably stand still taking all he's got square on the chin without much of an issue. Good luck to him anyway, hopefully the doctor goes easy on him or he has plenty of luck on his side because if not he'll get absolutely demolished. Throwing consistently powerful punches can't be achieved for a small number of men, even with all the training and time on the world this is unfortunately how it goes. I bet if you put him against an average 12 year old boy at throwing stones the furthest distance he'd struggle to come out on top. The distance you can throw something is a good marker for how good you throw punches or so it seems to me after a good 20 years of my life spent doing both things and witnessing so many others do the same. Good luck to everybody taking part all the same, it's nice that it's also helping people through charity.
Seeing a cow chop clip brings back many memories
Cant wait! Buying tickets tomorrow to give a little more to the charities!
So many insane physical transformations
oh shit it's tmw already
The intro takes me way back .... where everything were good
Stop running from Hyde you possie soy boi
12:13 who messed up the date and put March 14 lolol.
The part about Harley didn't even mention the fact that Sam Hyde has been training him AT ALL. Fucking HILARIOUS.
Only purchasing one of these events if the YouTube boxing GOAT Sam Hyde is on the card!!  Or if he’s in Idubbz corner. Lol
I so would pay to see this If i wasnt already busy that night. And i don’t give a shit about boxing!
pretty dumb to have the wrong month at the end of the video i got so confused 😆 but i’m pumped
Where is Sam Hyde?
First event I’ve bought a ticket for Im so fucking excited for this!!!!! Kick some ass Ian, loved your content since you played that fucking bunny fighting game it’s crazy to see how far everything has come now!   Also rooting for Arin and Michael woot!
Loving it? Is it paid streaming or?
A shame it's really expensive for me to see in Brazil, but I really appreciate how much care and preparation everyone went for this event,ur amazing for being able to do this ian
would be better if u found talent  among the people who arent already youtubers id sleep everyone in that event on god
love it, but ur date in the endcard for the event is wrong lul
No wayyyy Graham Stephan? 😂😂😂😭 bahahahhaahahahahahaha no way wtf
great stuff!
Michael is going to kill someone..
12:13 he accidentally put March 14th thought I missed it
Poggers
Time for clap
Yo Ian's arms look jacked!
i am scared for matt watson
I'm so glad you were inspired by Sam. His bull hyper masculine energy was too much to even be referenced in this video. I know he is a lot of man for the 3 confirmed cucks. Just try to make sure you don't put him into a life or death situation.
Ayo I know it ain't happened yet but do it again a couple times perhaps....
I wish Ethan Klein was fighting, the world finally unified against a grade A underachiever
i don't know if it's worth changing but a 12:12 it says march 14th
Chills vs Someordinarygamers
12:12 'March 14th'. Is this happening next year, or was that a typo and it is happening May 14th, which is today (UK time)?
Tickets purchased!!!
If no sam, don't give a damn
Omg he brought the song back
leave it to Arin(egoraptor) to be awkward as hell lol but i am so damn stoked to see him in the ring and, well, almost all of these boxers i cant wait to see. This will be the first sporting event i have ever paid for and wish i could record it like the old days when people still used VHS. Good luck to all these fighters! and hope there will be more of these in the future!
This is promising to be very epic, can't wait :)
I'm fully expecting Eric to look at the camera and say "Today we're gonna be boxing, but first..." and then proceed to smoke Salvia and lay in the ring for 10 minutes.
Had to support ❤
Hydra Kai!!
Much love 4 u , but let be honest  RIP for you.
Wheres sam hyde
Ethan vs Keemstar??
Is Sam Hyde in this?
what we do here is go back
Why does it day March 14th?
cant wait for it next year man match 14 is gonna be lit
The end of the vid says “Saturday, March 14” we going back in time or this shit happening next year 😂
This is so great, good luck you guys!!
SAM HYDE HAS BROUGHT MOR ATTENTION TO TO THIS EVENT THAN IAN
Legitimately so hyped for Creator Clash, rootin for ya Ian.
YALL PUT MARCH 14 INSTEAD OF MAY 14 AT THE END
Let's make sure to not include any Sam footage despite Harley making 2 excellent videos on going to train with him. No one is going to notice.
Was that roach from the ppl under the stairs!??
I'm rooting for AB but im worried hes too much of a nice guy, he has the skill but his own mindset is gonna get him.
Michael Reeves boxing Graham Stephan is the most random thing I’ve ever heard today. I’m subscribed to both.
show the sam hyde clips you cowards
When I heard this was happening so close to my city I had to buy tickets. So many creators I have watched for many years are taking part and I'm a big fan of boxing. Super excited for tomorrow!
You should fight a girl or a child, to make it a fair fight for you.
I hear Sam Hyde is going to make the Holocaust look like the USS LIBERTY
Y'all skipped Sam coaching Harley lmao
Why didn't Idubz get sam Hyde to train him. It's super obvious that he was inspired to do this after boxing with Sam Hyde. Idubbz is gonna get killed by the doctor. If Hyde would've trained him he could've learned how to dirty box and maybe stood a chance
Im scared for Matt Watson... its like watching a son fight his dad... you know the dad will win
I wish I could go. I live only three hours away and got a ticket, but all my planning went to waste. Lost my ride and couldn't get one in time. I'm sure it'll be awesome.
Idk why I thought the super mega boys would be fighting each other. Think that would be better, Matt has rabies.
Can't wait for this!
Minx?
Was hoping for Jschlatt to be fighting Minx
Hope the fights become available on demand later, other plans got in the way but MAN I wanna Arin's fight, and Michael's and Ian's and ALL OF THEM IT'S SUCH A GOOD LINEUP.
The content cop music made me so nostalgic omg
I MISSED HEARING CONTENT COP INTRO....CANT WAIT FOR THE FIGHT TOMORROW IMMA WATCH AND SEE H3'S REACTION AS WELL
Is the creator clash ever going to be available to watch for free like after it has happened or no
Go Dad!
12:12 lol it said March 14
i havent been this excited for something in YEARS
ricegum punching the air out of anger for not joining in on this when he had the chance
Real talk the movement of that reeves is actually decent - for a total amateur he looks really bouncy on his feet.
Nathan is not losing with that Ippo tattoo 🔥🔥🔥
Imagine being so spineless, that you go from being the "nword fword guy" that eats cooked vomit, to omitting a guy from your boxing event ad and event in general because he has "said controversial things" AFTER YOU MAKE A DOCUMENTARY ON HIM AND MAKE MONEY OFF HIS NAME. Idubbz is a fake slimy snake.
Kinda super fucked up that sam didn't even get a mention during the Harley segment... just saying kinda petty.
The last person I expected to see here was JustAMinx. Calling on that ol’ Irish / Scottish fightin’ heritage?
the og intro made me tear up
Ian you better walk out to the content cop song
I think the doctor is gonna kick his ass
BEWARE OF THE CANDY MAN!
It's happening today! Can't wait!
As an mma fan (I know it's boxing, but still), seeing the size difference between some fighters is honestly hilarious and shocking at the same time. I kinda hope it'll be staged to some degree or the ref will be super professional and stops the fight before the smaller guy gets hurt really bad. I know they're trying to stay in the required weight class but judging by this video some of the pairings look ridiculous, not just size-wise but skill-wise, too. I know it's probably meant to be that way and it's all about pulling off a show but it looks hella dangerous. Please stay safe.
Sam can't fight? The price ain't right :(
I think you have a legitimate chance if you can out pace and out think him. Good luck Ian!
can't wait man, have a good day Ian.
This happening during a covid wave is freaking me out.
when did idoops get so many garbage tats lmao
ian's body transformation alone is insane
People are about to learn why they sort by weight and not build.
You're scared of Sam Hyde
Dr. Mike is going to bend iDubbz over and give him a colonoscopy in the ring.
Why does idubbbz look as good of a boxer as Jake Paul already?
Idubbz the kinda guy to let a fat sweaty hairy arab man take a hot dump on his chest and still not give Sam Hyde the recognition he deserves.
I'm so excited to watch Arin get his shit rocked, hes had it coming
I'M SO EXCITED
Idoobz the date is wrong on 12:13
THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS VIDEO. I totally forgot the date.
So nice to hear that song again
Shout out to that Cain valasqeuz poster at 0:02
March 14??? Lmao 😭
I'm excited about this!!!!
Ay lmao it says March 14 at the end
edubbz for the win
Now this is badass, totally paid to watch! I'm rooting for everyone, to be honest this seems like the realist content creator boxing event, I'm very excited Ian!
I'm so pumped. I got my tix like 2 weeks ago and I've waited to see y'all's hard work!!
What, March? K…
I’m gonna watch the giant Jewish guy and egoraptor out of respect to the Ghost of Kyiv
How do I steal this event for charity?
No idea about I did a thing, but his hooks are trouble
I want footage of Arin training
If sammy dont fight the price aint right
I’ll actually buy tickets
Can’t wait to eat and drink beer
I cant wait to pirate this
Too hyped for this fight
Oh shit, LAN! This guys gonna be tough. Goodluck to you both. Let’s make some good plays!
The real question is, will idoop be able to stand up to his husband now...
So glad Sam Hyde inspired you to do this, keep it up bro
Lets goooo Michael!!!!!!!!
Its a shame sam hyde wasnt part of harleys video
Minx has been training with Esfand!? Damn that TikTok girl is gonna lose!
See ya tomorrow!
Ricegum is pissing his pants
Yooo you got dad?!? Thats fucking hype
I'm sooo damn excited for this. Tomorrow can't come soon enough!
let’s go my boy AB!!
Can't wait for iDubbbz vs Sam Hyde 💯💯
Do it for Sam, Harley.
SAM HYDE
Damn I can’t believe this was two months ago
I hope Keem just gets decked but keeps trying to get up
Me name chef
Dr. Mike drops his left with every right hook. He might get tagged
I got my money on Big Money Salvia
Sam could have turned this event into something legendary, hopefully he turns up to spectate. Well done putting this together though!
TRT Ian is a sight to behold
Would be great to see defranco get knocked out. So is this being streamed too?
Can’t believe Sam ditched
matt and ryan from super mega?
I'm sorry idubz but it's clear the doctor can actually box
I love how ian is the one to show everyone how a youtuber boxing event should be. This is great. Cant wait
Idk if you notice but they missed spell may 14th
can’t wait to see Erik in the ring so he can teach proper and respectful comment etiquette to his opponent
May 14 not March 14. Little marketing mistake there
THE CANDYMAN IS COMING HEHEHEHEHEHEWHAHAHREASFDHGAHAHA GEORGIE, I CANT WAIT GEORGIE HAHEHEHEHHE
No one talking about march 14th at the end?
I love you bro but i feel like your gunna get knocked out
What a decent bunch of respectful fighters good vibes
i hope the mynx fight starts a trend for more female creators, female combat sports is always entertaining.
Sad. I barely know who any of these people are.  I was hoping Sam Hyde would make an appearance.
What time does this start??
I bought a ticket to stream the fight but I will be at work :( at least I can support you guys a little though love what you put together with all these amazing creators
Idubbbz trainer looks like a fuckjng scam artist: horrible jabs and zero power. ian has pretty much already lost the fight, where can I place a bet?
Don't take me wrong, I am all for this event and the people behind it... But 12:12 March 14th?  Guess it explains the actual date in the title even more.
I love how they tactically dont show any footage of sam training harley despite the fact that he trained with sam more then his other trainer.
SAY HIS NAME
Such a butt hurt for taking the Sam Hyde part out
Lets be honest, we're all here because the ghost of kyiv has been training the epic meal time guy to defend himself in any situation.
eat beer and drink beer got me crying😂😂😂😂
This is so lame. Why do all these toobers think we want to watch them box suddenly? I blame that blonde dude my nephew loves.
general sam theme track
This is cool for so many reasons. It’s cool to watch these people develop a respect and appreciation for a sport they’ve never really participated in before. It’s cool for viewers to get exposure to new channels. It’s cool that everything is going to charity. The merch is cool. All around I’m just so impressed with everyone involved in putting this event together. I don’t even watch fights lol but I can’t wait for this
Gl against mike, that will be tough, but essa at the same time
I hope Ian persues boxing and it's not just a one time thing. I wanna see him get better. The little clips of his head movements was cool, he's definitely into it
Where's Sam Hyde?
Idubbbz is gonna lose. He wasn't taught how to fight in a self defense situation
Sammy is coming out to support his boy
I hear Sam Hyde is showing up !!!
Minks better give that tiktoker a nice glasglow kiss!
Ricegum takes another L
Love it... The video weirdly motivational and just all round good concept
love the old intro throwback
Bro may 14 is my prom
Not a single mention of Sam, Idubbbz and his girl friend are more afraid of their reputations being ruined than most politicians. What a fucking joke.
Nice itll be on both me and my sons bday
Michael needs no training 🤣
Mike's gonna kill you man 🤣😂 watched your training footage and your screwed
Ian hands look slow as hell tbh I'm worried about my boy, rooting for him, hope he has a steel chin tho cuz he ain't landing those
I just want there to be zero drama from all this, so people like H3 and Keemstar don't get any content from it.
Uh oh, Sam Hyde wasn't depicted in Harley's segment. Stans incoming.
Where is Sam
I would pay big money to watch Ethan box Crowder. Except Ethan would probably show up and be like well I wanted to box you but I’m too lazy, so here’s Mike Tyson to box in my stead.
March? 12:12
Where is Sam Hyde
just here for sam hyde
HOLY SHIT NATHAN BARNATT IS PART OF THIS THAT'S CRAZY
March 14th......
this is going to be amazing
I can’t afford it 😭
A bird chest tat…
2:30 Regarding that guy: As someone who watches none of these creators' channels or even cares about boxing, I IMPLORE you to go to Epic Meal Time's YT and watch the doc Harley (owner of EMT YT channel & subject of doc) has uploaded. Please, just go watch the fucking thing, you won't regret it!
Why is he boxing? He doesn’t make that much off selling his future wives very not special beat butt hole.
Did they stream the fight?
His mustache will scare away the opponent and will instantly gain superiority.
wow you gotta love how he left out the most crucial part about Harley, that he's being trained by sam hyde
Very exciting. And i'm happy to see the chef meme at the intro.
Ok starting a YouTube right now so I can fight YouTubers lol
Who?
Can't wait !!!!
La Velada del Año vs Creator Clash next 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀?
any AB believers?
Dad having Ippo tattooed on the side of him just makes me believe even more that he will when his match!!!
Oh my God I can't believe they got Dad in this event! That's so amazing and terrifying 😂
I got so confused when I saw March 14th at the end.
I love it i cant WAIT LETS GOOOOOOO
TEAM AB FOREVER AND ALWAYS. FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY
I'm so hyped for this its CRAZYY
i never thought id see someone look as pathetic as iddubz without a shirt on until i saw michael reeves with boxing gloves
the wave of nostalgia that just hit me from the intro music... holy shit
Can't wait to get my tickets on March 14th.
ians weight is in his moustache fact, i dream about growing a moustache that good
“saturday march 14th”
Oh boy, I’m on team IDubbbz but just from watching this vid, I have a feeling my man’s gonna get rocked
I wish it wasnt on the same day as Eurovision
I'm super hyped for this! Never thought I'd buy a streaming ticket for a boxing event, but here I am! It's a lot of youtubers I'm into already, and everyone seems to be taking it seriously! And the idubbbz intro was a nice addition :D
Bro what time lol?
Cant wait to see my favorite YouTubers beat each other to a pulp, and all with nothin but passion. I need to see this.
idubbz is gonna get knocked out early. He's got no clue how to box and that Doc is decent.
i want reeves to show up with the tazers in the gloves
Think I'm going to watch this
“I have an insatiable desire to PUMMEL A KID right now…”  -edubps
satrurday, march 14 12:11
I never ever watch sports, i never imagined buying a ticket to watch it either, but when i saw the lineup i just knew i had to. Im so excited!!! Gl to everyone, hope your hard work will pay off, also mad respect for the dedication
Ian is gonna dominate
What time is it at?
Lad you're gonna get sparked out
How did IDubbz get literally got all the fighters I was interested in one video. So cool
OK Alex we're need you to film a promo to get people excited for the fight. Alex:I have no problem with this man. He's seems like a nice guy
I dont live in America, but this would be the first time i wanted to see boxing ever! great hype, hope it all goes well.. it will!
We seem to be in this never ending cycle of "who cares less" on youtube so its nice to see people that actually are caring and striving for something, a lesson learned the hard way is sometimes the best way to learn it
WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK
Even though I don't care about the fights, it's nice that you're all getting in shape :)
Will it be live streamed?
Epic!
Lets Gooooooooooooooooo!
I bet Idubbz gets pegged by his wife
I’m eager to see how hard you all have trained
“Our Guy” is ready.
MARCH OR MAY ?
Is your idubbz website down?
I'm going to give a preemptive RIP to the drug addict Matt Wattson. That guys little neck is gonna snap right off...
I see you didn't show Harley training with sam
I can’t believe how many people I like are in this card. This is gonna be so cool
12:15 - march huh, I missed it!
I'm so hyped!
Good luck!
So egoraptor why do you think you'll win? EgoRaptor: I really like punching people, I got addicted
It's weird to not see Sam Hyde with Harley...
Fuck up Michael Reeves for me
Sam hyde will have his revenge
dope :D
I’m watching this for the Sam Hyde subplot…which slowly became the main story!
THIS IS GOING TO BE AN AMAZING BIRTHDAY!
imagine talking about cookies while the Ghost of Kiev is sending his son to take you out.
I miss Cow Chop 🥲
This will be epic
Mommy says hi
11:35 omg the picture for matt
Would have been a nice redemption for ethan if he was the one to train and get in shape to box instead of ab
When the content cop music kicked in I nearly shat myself holy fuck
Doctor mike boxing for 10 years. Idubbbz boxing for 180 days. "this should be a good fight" You can't honestly be serious?
is it may 14th or march 14th
who got the time machine for march 14th?
arons gonna get fucked up
I love idubbz but doctor Mike is biggggg and fasttttt, idk if Ian can hang with him. I guess we’ll see!
That said "March 14th " on the outro
It’s crazy to think that this all started when ricegum wanted to fight idubbbz but then backed out and now it’s gonna be a massive tournament
12:12 *may
I would’ve never expected reeves odd1sout and dad
AAAAAHHHH I'm so pumped!!! me and my sister took off work just so we could watch this together!!!!
This was really well put together, no beefing, no obusrd stakes or sponsors. Just a bunch of creators that want to have some fun and raise some money
i vote jschlatt to storm the ring and knock out minx
That’s one dumb ass tattoo on his chest
Hey just a heads up, the end screen says "March 14th" but Im pretty sure its MAY 14th
I hope Eric loses. No reason really just think it would be funny.
can't wait to see this
This has made me respect you so much more than I already did. It's great to see how seriously everyone is taking this and I can't wait to see how this goes. Good luck out there!
Ok but what time does it start
“What we do here is go back” Legendary.
When I saw Dad’s tattoo I lost my mind, I really hope he tries to pull off some of the techniques from Ippo.
I'm so hyped to watch this tomorrow, it's ganna be awesome!
May 14th is my birthday
Love the dedication from all the fighters, shaping up to be an amazing event! Rooting for my buff girl Minx! 💜
I've been excited about this since it got announced! Can't wait to see some of my favorite youtubers beat on each other.
just a heads up, in the end card it says March 14th instead of May 14th
WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACKBACKBACKBACK
ian's lookin like joe dirt
You should of had Ethan vs epic mealtime so two members of the tribe could kick it
And Dr Mike is going to clean Idubbbz clock. You cant get serious about fitness at 30 against someone who has clearly took health/fitness seriously their whole life. You lack 20 years of hand eye coordination
Where's Sam Hyde?
You need to get Mythical Chef Josh in on this. Dude is ripped already.
This is great it promotes Fitness
NGL, the best match-up is Ididathing and Oddonesout.  Aussie God VS Cartoon Animator Softie!
On one hand this event seems really interesting and I want to watch it but on the other hand I'm cheap as hell and don't want to pay to stream it. I wonder what I'll do in the end
Share this
awesome! so jealous
This is the only creator clash Ive ever wanted to actually see and wasn't disgusted by.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 RICE-SCUM COULD’VE BEEN ONE OF THESE FIGHTERS!!!! Ahahahahahahahahahaaaa😂😂😂😂😂 he’s a fucken pooseeeeee
See y’all there!
Ian has been so fun to watch grow and progress through each era of youtube. Im happy hes felt confident in the content he makes and takes steps further to engage the youtuber community as a whole
I don’t think it should say “March 14th” at the end? 😅
God I missed that intro music.
Hey thats my birthday
I'm looking forward to this event putting some respect and attention back into boxing. Good stuff idubz!
Excited to see you at the event tomorrow man. Events gonna be a blast.
Hopefully some folks document their journey, thoughts, fight, and post fight. Be interested to see other perspectives.
I'm legit afraid for Dr. Mike rn. Ian, you're gonna win, no doubt , but I don't want to see the man die.
Get Sam in there.
It’s my bday on the 14 and I’m watching it great gift lol
where sammywawy?
The intro was a throwback. This is probably one of the only Youtuber "events" that won't end in utter chaos.
What time does the event start!? I can't seem to find that anywhere!
praying for Arin
Thank you Ian for making something worth watching. Definitely gonna be buying tickets to see minx eat it or kick some ass 🤣
Imagine Filthy Frank is the announcer guys..
Imagine if joji fought max… WHY WERENT THEY INVITED ☹️
I hope Ian has a word about Ricegum during the opening
Minx looks like a scary women boxer, if she was on a MMA night, I would expect her to win. The purple hair does it
I think Minx is gonna go feral in the ring and just kill Haley on the spot. Sorry, Haley.
anyone know how long the event will be?? i have work at 7PM PST and i’m gonna be so sad if i miss the ending lol
where were matt and ryan
Where is Sam Hyde
Sam Hyde?
Bro all these mfs riding in the comments i just wanted to see sam hyde
Sam Hyde>
Harley and Sam are an unstoppable combo. Can't wait to see the fight
shit, dad looks good.
I’m hyped
Literally no one except the doctor has any form lol
Hey man, thank you for doing this, I’ve never paid for an event before this is the first. And I’m super pumped to be a part of this experience with everyone. Goodluck Ian
that was the most level-headed YouTube boxing promo I've ever seen... how much does it cost?
HARLEYS REAL TRAINER IS GHOST OF KIYV BY THE WAY. WHY HIRE AN ACTOR?
Got to say from every person fighting, you can see that everyone has lost a considerable amount of weight
So stoked. I cant wait to see the mystery ones unveiled.  We got out stream reserved/ordered.  its the First sporting event our house has ever purchased.
Wish I could watch, but I gotta see the Leafs blow game 7
Dad has a slight lisp, he's already halfway to Mike Tyson!
Lol everyone here made a video segment of how they're taking this seriously and getting in shape  Arin want's a cookie and has almost murderous intent. XD
The only interesting fight is Harley vs egoraptor thanks to the ghost of kyiv
Dad has me feeling some sort of way  I'm hyped and confused
I really like the idea of what this event represents. The youth on this website now have people that they look up to, who they watch everyday, decide to step out of their comfort zone, get in shape, and really Throw down. The idea of those kids being influenced to do the same is such a beautiful thing. Im very excited for this event and I hope it is not a one off, I hope it becomes so much more.
Wow way to cut out our boy Sammy
Where's Sam hyde
Notice how they never showed the Sam Hyde training footage
Idubbz actually looks like he's been training legit
HOLY SHIT THIS IS ACTUALLY GOING DOWN WTF!!!!! HELL YEAH!!!
Kind of disappointed to see that Sam Hyde isn't a part of this but ohwell, wishing you all the best.
WE WANT SAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!
WHERE THE FUCK IS SAM
Typo on end card. Says the fight is March 14, thought I'd have to wait a whole year for to see it
I'm not even into sports but I still bought tickets. I wish everyone the best of luck :)
Everyone on the card is so likeable
All we missing is Reviewbrah
Helo pipol
The intro music😭
wow
"March 14" what it's already over? Damn
Dude, this will be good. I hope it goes off without a hitch man. I will be watching!!!
Can't wait. Don't post the winner before the full version is released.
The biggest enigma to me this whole match is Dad. I have to see what he pulls off and i’ve been following him in a very roundabout way, finding him everywhere in the youtube space. Outside of that, I really hope everyone has a good time out there!
Did you hit me right in the nostalgia with the intro? Yes.  Will I like because of this?  Yes.
This is the only sporting event I’ll ever pay to see 💪
Date @ 12:13 is wrong
When the dorks I watch start fighting each other, I think its time I get off youtube.
Love the typo at the end "March 14th" hahahaha
The date at the end says March 14th instead of May 14th. Idk if anyone else noticed
This is probably a dumb question, but where is it being streamed? Is it the same website I buy the tickets?
I wanna see Ethan fight Hila.
This video 100% convinced me to watch the event, can’t wait! You should feel really proud of what you’ve brought together here Ian
Sam taught Harley what to do in a self defense type situation. If a threat is approaching Harley, and there are 200 school kids between Harley and the threat, Harley will gun down the threat by whatever means necessary, even if it means casualties.
You can probably squat two plates now. You can finally get Sam to drop that copyright claim.
THE INTRO THOOUUGH.
This is all one big plot for a content cop
I'm so excited
This is the first YouTube event I actually will pay for and are very excited . Do it for filthy Frank Ian ! Chad and Max gonna be there ?
Hey ya lil goofball couldn’t help but notice it’s not march 12:13
All I care about is Harley VS Egoraptor. Oh and Minx. I hope she destroys that yodeling bitch.
What we do here is go back.
Just bought my tickets! I got your back Mr.Dubbbz! Rock that doctor!
Oh, what an advertisable event, I hope an Irish Candyman doesen't come...
....March 14?  Typo in vid
Why does it say March 14th at the end?
iDubbbz looks so slow in all the footage, I hate to say it but he's gonna get absolutely wrecked.
Sam Hyde would destroy all these dorks with one hand behind his back easily
Sam hude
Can’t wait to watch you clobber that sexy doctor tomorrow, Ian! <3
I don't know who Michael Reeves is but he's got the best punching form
Still two question marks on the website 🤔 Put me in coach!
M
WHAT👮🏻‍♂️WE👮🏻‍♂️DO👮🏻‍♂️HERE👮🏻‍♂️IS👮🏻‍♂️GO👮🏻‍♂️BACK
I'd love to see som etiquette in the comments!
I've been in a sparring match once, and once was enough... getting hit hurts, and you get a massive headache. Good on these guys for committing. It's alot of work and none of their efforts should be taken lightly. It's alot of work. Also, Dadbot will win. Dadbot is the best youtuber, and is a literal machine.
The fact that he was practicing boxing surrounded by Cactus plants...oooof Dude is fearless already
This what an influencer boxing event should be like, Not Jake Paul.  Too bad we can't see idubbz beat Ricegum's ass
its impressive how seriously everyone is taking this. tomorrow is gonna be crazy
A little strange how idubbbz doesn't include any footage of Harley sparring with He Who Shall Not Be Named.
Quick question: will the whole event ever be released for free or do we have to pay to watch even if it isn’t live?
Great cast! What a crew! If this is successful, maybe this could be like a yearly thing?!?!
this is going to be fun to watch
didn't sam hyde get you into boxing?
Is this going to be next year? March 14 has already passed
Let’s go. Ready for tomorrow
I was really looking forward to seeing oddsoneout in this video
Don't care who wins. I'm loving what I am seeing from all contestants! Y'all are so lucky Esfand decided to take a more coaching role
History about to be made
Brett smurfing he's been training in boxing for a good while now this isn't something he just picked up i feel bad for the other guy tbh
this is like Rocky but with hipsters
love you i dubbz but youre gonna get your ass beat. But stoked its for a good cause. you the man
OMG NICK EH 30 should have signed on
Date at the end is wrong. Lol says March 14, unless you are post poning for next year! 😂
Easiest birthday event I've ever had. So excited.
no cringe fake beef and boasting about how infinitely great you are?
Sorry, i get we’re doing quirky. But the line up genuinely sucks.
This screams at 5:09 had me fucking wheezing hahaha can't wait to see the matches, so many distinct creators giving it their all, either way we will all enjoy it!
the first youtuber boxing event ill ever tune into, thank you idubbbz this shit is hype af and all of your effort into planning shows !!
12:12 Saturday March 14th. I can't wait to watch this 2 months ago.
Leave it to super mega to not include a video 😪😢
Oh my god Brett from Cowchop. Also totally true, my favorite fighters are like Fedor and Tyson Fury, big boys who are thick. That defined muscle doesn’t mean shit
I need Harley to win! This clash hurts, slot of good content creators I don’t want to watch loose. But I feel like it’ll be people being actually respectful to each other. Super cute, and super respectful tbh. I’m in love with this so much. Brett from cowchop!!!!?!!!
Can anyone tell me where's the stream footage coming from ?
This has grown to be one hell of an investment for me. Watching everyone kind of put down their persona and expose raw control and dedication has been really inspiring and i cant wait to watch it!!
Sam Hyde was absent from Harley's prep footage
I still have a week of school 😭
EEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
fucking hype afffffffffff
No Matt and Ryan cam booooooo
Hopefully Ian wins this…
Won my mma debut back in April, respect and thanks to Ian and all these guys for even getting in there for our entertainment.
Damn Ian really just forced a bunch of YouTubers to change their lifestyle and get in shape for charity. Based as fuck
i usually dont give a shit about boxing but i gotta say this got me excited   still not going to florida though lmao i bought tickets for the stream
The only bad thing about this event is that half of these people are going to lose. I'm rootin' for everyone.
i am so unbelievably hyped for this event
I believe in you Ian
So damn excited to attend!!!
This is going to be epic
Dang man idubbz looks shredded
Hearing the content cop intro was so refreshing
The hype video should have been uploaded earlier.
Classic Ian cut out the footage where Sam Hyde did the majority of the training to get Harley prepared for the fight. What a stand-up guy Ian is. But you have to remember, he had to make sure it was ok with his wife before he posted any of this
Bruh Ryan Garcia is in pretty boy's corner
12:12 your title card says march 14th
Can’t wait dewbies
Let's be honest, 90% are gonna just want to watch Harley brutalize Arin. Harley honestly is getting the true, gritty training that he needs. The best part is that the completely left out Sam training him. Lmfao
He looks okay, needs to stick harder tho. The doctor has way good footwork comparably.
What we do here is go back
Anyone else notice I Did A Things arms are almost two different sizes
Damn! Super excited to go 2 months back in time to see the event! See yall on March 14th!
Is there a possibility to watch the whole thing afterwards?  I can't make it in time to watch it live...
I am SO excited for this!
I’ve never paid to watch a sporting event,  ever. But as soon as I seen the roster I bought a ticket immediately I know almost every content creator on the list.
seeing all the guys and gals actually eating healthy and working hard makes me so happy...cant wait to see them fighting each other
This really is exciting lmao
What we do here is go back
I hope Ian sues whoever started the event if he gets K.O
Dad scares me the most
For me, i prefer the bullshit of the normal youtube boxing. Like it make it a more entaining event to watch. IMO
dad looks like he's gonna go absolute murder mode.
THE THROWBACK TO THE JINX MATCH !! really nostalgic man you’re gonna do great Ian !! Have fun out there can’t fucking wait to watch. It’s like a dream come true !
Sam Hyde better be in Harley's corner during the fight or else this is going to be really boring
March???
Ian is going to get murdered
heads up the date in the vid says march 14th!
I would be scared if I was Egoraptor considering Harley was trained by Sam Hyde…
Gonna be sick I'm rooting for ya unlock that Demon we saw VS gnome star 😈😈😈
Ian and some other influencers inspired me to go out and beef up a bit. Really glad I have. Looking great by the way! I'm stoked to watch the event
It's about to go down
So sick!! Looking forward to it
I'm actually so stoked for this
Sam Hyde
Lol he looks horrible
What we do here is go back
Can't believe iDubbbz created a boxing event and didn't invite his best friend Sam. That's not how you treat a friend, k.
i think you meant may 14th
So we’re just money grabbing too now iDubbz, what happened to the original content
This is so much more mature than anything the Paul’s have done.
This whole event has lowkey gotten so many creators in such incredible shape, it's insane.
WHERE IS SAM HYDE
Wow girl talks about throwing a headbutt, yet Sam can't fight because they think he may do the same. Whatever
Here for Sam inadvertently running this.
Shame I can't come see it, can't watch it virtually either, will it eventually be able to be veiw at some point for free?
Poor iDubbz is gunna get hurt
Minx aka The Irish Menace aka The Honeypot o’ Gold aka The Gaelic Gallows aka The Sassy Assassin aka Connor McDonald’s aka The Moist Mistress aka The Giant Leprechaun aka The Four Leaf Killer aka Lady Hornswaggle aka The Dublin Goblin going in with her signature move - The Clit Splitter  Go get her you Irish Maniac, make us proud!
HELL YEAH
Did you put the wrong date in the video? you put march not may 0_o
I only bounced on a ticket cos Big Daddy Salvia.
I don't care at all about boxing, but I'm legit so hyped for this. THIS is the kinda youtuber boxing we need. Some god damn respect for the sport 🙌🏻
not gonna lie idubbbz does not look prepared
why does it say march 14th at the end? editors got some explaining to do
No mention of Harleys legendary and venerated boxing coach?
You got your date wrong bro
Dad will win.
Ian’s mustache looks a little cramped in that Headgear. He may have to shave it down to a little hitler stache
Every time I hear "On May 4th, a ton of internet celebrities you love will fight each other in the ring organised by participant Idubbs" I don't believe it And even seeing this video now it's still unbelievable
Sam Hyde
the only youtube boxing event that I'm actually exited about
I understand not wanting to host Sam in the event, but you are going too far pretending he doesn’t exist. Makes it look like idubbz girl has his nuts in a jar under the kitchen sink. Man up Ian, you got a lot of good exposure and Sam did too from your films together.
I'm so sad I can't watch this live, I really want to support you guys too but am financially unable.
Ian has no defense on his jabs he's going to get that jaw glassed.
I'm really interested in watching this but not sure I'll be able to watch live. Does anyone know if a replay will be available?   Either way, best of luck to all these men and women. This is by far the best influencer boxing event to grace the internet.
I’m so excited!  Bought my ticket immediately.
daddy hyde inspired you well
i always had a feeling idubbbz could hold his own in a fight, most keen to see how egoraptor fairs. GO ARIN!
ian is in such great shape oh my god
Most hype for minx, I hope she does well 🙂
i cant belive this is happening cus irrelevant gum pussied out. GL on the event
Ngl if sam dont fight the price aint right
I know I'm a nobody, but I'd love to throw my name in the ring for next year!
"I wanna eat beer and drink beer"
Looks great but I couldn’t help but notice that during Epic Meal Time Harley’s highlight you completely ignored Harley training with Sam Hyde and opted to show highlights of him training with the guy he left, to go train with Sam.
March 14th?!!??!
Bonus Character will be Filthy Frank?
Anybody else give zero f*cks about this?   I just kinda miss the Content Cops, the Kickstarter Craps, and the Bad Unboxing videos. 🤷‍♂️
12:12 it says March 14th (my birthday lol) on the title card, but it's May 14th
Whaaat no clips of our good supermega boys, I wanna see how big and buff they are, got to wait until tomorrow so gassed to see our good boys
this video is going to inspire so much people, good job cuckdubs
Dead youtubers box for relevency
no sam hyde… lame…
Crazy
DR. Mike, Alex and I did a thing actually look decent, they will win their fights for sure!
Please have a surprise match with sam, I know you still have it in you Ian, let the man fight.
How can we watch????
fuck why am i poor
exited for this
And the most interesting thing is Sam Hyde is training Harley from Epic Meal Time.
yo what if idubbz just gets his shit rocked lmao
12:12 : May* instead of march?
🦅🦅🦅
Go birds 🦅
ok ok I'm hype even more can't wait
We all know it but ill say it. Teaching Michael reeves how to fight could become a dangerous situation
I'm actually really looking forward to this
I'm excited to see Michael fight Graham lol
Idubbbz's training is looking good...he's come a long way since training with Sam Hyde...who just so happens to be training Harley 😁
I have an extra seat at the fight for anyone who wants to come. If you are in the area and want to go, hit me up!
Can't wait to watch this stream for free.
I love that iDubbbz has always kept his integrity producing content that he enjoys. I’ve liked the shift towards more documentary film making which I think you can see him enjoy throughout “full force”
I am so excited to be able to go to this event!!! The lineup is amazing and I'm so excited to see all of these creators I love
FYI you dun wrote march 14th instead of may 14th in the end of the video fella.
Take my money
Lmao Arin just wants a cookie.
FYI its May 14, not march 14 so theres still time to buy tickets!
I would watch this but I'll be having my college graduation party tomorrow. Either way I hope there are some sort of highlights that I can watch. Best of luck to everyone!
Hyyyyyyype !!!
i literally only care about this because of sam hyde. shoulda let him fight
Why was there no footage of Harley training with Sam Hyde?
Just a heads up the exit card/end part of the video says March 14th not May 14th, might wanna change that...
Yes hajime no ippo
I NEED THE NAME OF THE SONG AT 0:18 PLEASE
LMFAO these cards are wild.... never really into boxing... watched a few mma matches but.... Ididathing, ab, mike reeves, Harley... DAD LMFAO... this is wild.
At the end it says March 14th.  I was very confused for a second.
Tomorrow is a stacked day for combat sports , LETS GO
Can’t wait to watch it on twitch
OMG ITS DAD HI DAD <3
So it’s start at 5 central tomorrow? I bought tickets but I swear there are like no details, I’m not even sure where I’m suppose to stream
Epic meal time is the only dude I'm interested in. He had balls and trained with Sam Hyde and in his channel made the kind of high quality content you wish you could make Ian
Watching Ian go from a twink to a himbo is as inspiring as it gets.
Less FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
That " what we do here is go back " better be Ian's walk out song.
Let’s be honest a good percent of people are only tuning into 1 fight & that’s because of the potential of seeing Sam Hyde troll idubbz one more time.
End Card at 12:12 is tagged with the date "March 14" instead of "May 14". Really excited for Creator Clash!
you can tell who fought before lol
The Outro says march 14th I think it’s supposed to say may 14th
I did a thing NO WAY HAHAHAHAHAHA LOVE THIS GUY
thank you Sam Hyde for making this all possible
Ian. You can’t use that music. It hurts me.
Beware the second swallow.
No Fatty vs Robert lightsaber match? Shame
can’t wait to illegally stream it :)
Leave it to Idubbz… this is the only YouTuber boxing match I’ll ever pay to watch
at the end of the video it says March 14th, bruh I thought I missed it for a minute lmao. Fuuuuck boys I'm keeeeen
You guys should have gotten Steven Crowder vs Ethan from H3.
Hears the content cop music.  Waits patiently for the next one.
Let legend himself... The Irish Candyman corner his protegè
Where is Sam Hyde
You didn't use any of Matt's disstrack?
needs Sam hyde
Rest in Peace idubbbz
Where can I bet on Harley
Super hype, good luck everyone, so glad it isn't just a rushed and slapped together event, everyone's trying hard and putting in the effort 💪 Ian, fly me out to Florida, I only live in Nova Scotia 😜
Ians jab at 10:08 and then alex's nod like okay okay had me ded (not that i coulda blocked that either gl alex)
idupz find me someone fat to fight and I'll spin the jaw
Don't think it's supposed to say March 14th at the end. Wanted to say this is the first boxing event I've looked forward to!
I love most of these YouTubers . I just can't wait for this event to unfold. Thank you Ian for this awesome event. After seeing nathan in the boxing card,im starting to watch his vids again I'll be rooting for Idubbbz , and the dad.
Are there any bookmakers taking bets on these fights?
Can’t wait. Plan on vlogging the event!!!
If Sam Don't Fight The Price Ain't Right
Place your bets here!
That “what we do here is go back” hit me harder than a right hook
SAM HAS A BOMB
An infinite level of hype for my 2 favorite Christian boys, Ryan Mcgee and Alex Ernst
Content Cop - Doctor Mike :oo??
Mostly excited for Harleys turn out training with Sam!
Chef
where is sam. sad.
That intro was pure nostalgia 🤌 good luck, man.
Was that joey salads?
I shed a tear when he put on the Chef™️ soundtrack. Ma nama chef
Arin is either gonna Wuss out or get his shit knocked out GG is a click baiting joke first knock down is gonna be the third round
March 14? Wut?
Got my ticket let’s fucking gooooooo
I'm not able to watch it the day of, but will a recording be available?
GO AB. and dude ALEX ERNST LOOKS GOOD AS FUCK THATS WHAT HAPPENDS WHEN YOU CUT DIPSH*T DOBRIK OUT OF YOUR LIFE
Creator Clash is the first sporting event I’ve ever paid to see.
Nothing about Sam Hyde training harley, typical
They took harleys mom saying they better not touch my baby talking about sam hyde and added it to the boxing match hype.😅😅
Are they doing a weigh in type deal?
My name Chef
"WHAT WE DO HERE IS Go BACKBACK BACK...back...back..." this shit hits harder than russia !
I'm in cant wait!!!!
Let Sam participate as the heel when this one's successful (if)
this is going to be extraordinary , so proud of every one of them
May or march ????
10:00 Dudes mom is his girlfriend?
I hope Sam can be in Harley’s corner!
“March 14th”
I love Dad🖤
i don't usually watch boxing promos... But this is a promo that surprised me just because how respectful everyone has been to their opponents!
holy shit when was the last time I heard that song
The orginal simp 🙌
Without Sam Hyde, this is hollow af.
This stuff should have been posted a while ago, not the DAY BEFORE THE EVENT
Alex Ernst looking reeeeaaal fast
Your a disgrace and disrespectful towards the sport fighting is not a record season its takes alot to become a boxer and the respect that comes with it
I don’t recognize Harvey’s coach, where’s Sam?
Im busy 14th, will it be uploaded anywhere?
I heard “what we do here is go back” and just the memories just came flooding back so happy you included that get that W for the boys
egoraptor getting whooped by Harley is the main attraction
I think people are forgetting doctor mike is Russian
The hippocratic oath is gonna be put on hold for a little while.
Can you watch online or do you have to actually goto the event...?
I thought if there was a risk of a fighter head butting they couldn't be apart of the fights....
Good form on the footwork, Dubbz.   Good luck.
Hey where tf is Sam Hyde? Sam’s a huge part of Harley’s training journey and I think it’s disrespectful to not have him at least shown…
Idubbbz is getting fucking BUFF bro
I punched someone once
Following the Harley and Sam Hyde training has been by far the most entertaining thing about all of this.
during the video at the end it says March 14th but it's on May 14th.
Make this a MK Tournament Tower. Sam Hyde as Shao Kahn
I've been seeing videos regarding this event periodically for the past 2-4 weeks and the announcement trailer is what initially peaked my interest. Very solid promotional video, iDubbzTV. I love how respectful the fighters are of their opponents. No fake tension to push ticket sales, no poorly produced/managed press conferences, and no bullshit. You did your homework and developed a thought out and well structured approach, the best part being that the proceeds are benefitting various charities, and I commend you for that. Good luck with your match and the overall event tomorrow. Will be tuning in!
The guy that shaved himself bald for a cake.
What a fucking joke lmao. Bunch of has-been's
why isnt sam hyde fighting in it lmao
I cant lie, im rooting for idubbbz but dr mike is looking scary as shit
i love that this promo isn’t flashy or over the top. it’s just them as people and shows you their personality, rather than “look how badass this person is and how badass the person they are fighting is”
fuck bro i want michael to win so bad but i don’t think he’s gonna swing it
jinx?
Idubz is losing, sorry 😪 He’s looking a lot better tho. No real power behind his punches, and looks mad awkward. I know it’s his first time boxing tho
I have no idea who Dad is but i really really want him to win lol he deserves the confidence boost.
Only fight I have paid to watch.
Dad!!
Saturday, March 14
sam hyde
Idubbz looking hella swole. This isn’t no Jake paul fight.
hype.
Ian looks very sloppy.. he will get KO’d if Dr. Mike knows anything.
Yesssssssirrrrrrrrr Bred is going to take everyone down yesssssssirrrrrrrrr
I admire iDubzzz, he doesn’t want to act like those YouTubers who’ve fought before. I can respect and enjoy this match. I’m rooting for iDubzzz, but Mike looks tuff to be honest.
Oh my god that awkward “no im just kidding none of them are losers” line from the epic meal time guy was not from the original podcast and im fairly sure idubbz or someone requested him to film himself saying that after the fact so they look good?
At the end of the video it says MARCH 14, idk if that helps or not.
I'm SO not into boxing - But damn if these matchups aren't super interesting. Might have to tune in just for the personalities alone.
No one is watching this 0 promotion
Man IDubbz really created an entire boxing event just to redeem himself from the embarrasement he got from Day one of the Sam Hyde documentary
March 14th lmao
"Saturday March 14th"?????? So this is happening a year from now?
5:00 put her in lethwei
Good for you Ian.
Ian! as a fellow Ian I am 1000% behind you. WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK
This shit is hack and gay. Get that paper tho, whatever
They are all kind of way to nice but I respect the respect and I am sad but I understand that Sam won’t be there.
Hundar ftw
I'm sorry but BRETT is going to destroy AB xD
And here was me thinking this was going to be a content policeman sketch.
Super excited for the event but according to the end screen I already missed it……
Ian let h3h3 fight Keemstar in the next event
hoping no one gets too hurt and gets crippling depression
Flying down tonight from Lambert airport! Can't wait for some clobbering tomorrow!
Knowing how to destroy and to heal are as good as knowing how to demolish and to build.
Lets go IDAT
Can't wait for Harley to come in with actual skill and smash Aaron, it's gonna be the best fight.   Then you can't deny Sam's contribution.
Better be paramedics on standby. Harley is going to maul that dude thanks to some Rocky 1 training from The Candyman.
This is the only Youtuber boxing event I'm actually interested in
My girlfriend has never watched a boxing match but we actually paid money lol. We're excited to see AB from H3H3 and Erik.
How is idubbz so confident? he will get obliterated with the mass and amr lenght difference
For us European fans, which clock does this event starts tomorrow? Can't find any time info on the website?
Wow Ian, you've done an amazing job of setting this whole event up. There truly seems to be great energy coming from all of the boxers on the card as well as the audience which has become an incredibly diverse bunch.  When this first started, I would bring the event up to some of my friends who aren't much into YouTube but are into sports of all kinds.  It didn't take much time for them to start coming to me with things like "hey, have you heard about this YouTuber boxing thing"? So yeah, it has been great turning my friends on to YouTube and watching them gravitate towards all of the same YouTubers that I did years ago.  We're all looking forward to the fights and again, props to you for continuing to innovate and entertain all of us regular schmucks on the other side of the screen.  Good luck!
Yo that intro though fr
Only tuning in on an illegal streaming site to witness if Sam Hyde makes an appearance.
Lmao I dubz has no chance
I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
Minx has bigger arms than Idubbz.
I love you idubbbz and have been a longtime fan but watching the bagwork and sparring of the doctor you’re gonna lose
Super psyched for Michael Reeeeves vs Graham Stephan. My mind honestly cannot process that combo.
living proof character development never has a halt
idub better win, if he doesnt win im gonna cream
Sam Hyde said it best: who are half these people?
WTF why is DR.Mike so good like those are some fast hands
This is going to be epic and Ian is totally winning this fight.
Just wait for rice gum to say Ian said he wasn’t going to fight him.
LETS GOOOO
Quaffine better be ready
Sad i can’t attend but i know this gonna be one of the funniest events ever, the memes about to come out of everyone getting decked 😂
12:12 month wrong. Terrible video
I love em both, but imagine if Rice Gum didnt have a big mouth.
It's such a breath of fresh air to see creators clashing without all the forced beef drama.
March 14?
Great work Ian, can't wait to see this! ❤️
Stamina + leg strength
I honestly don't know why it took me until now to buy a ticket. Even if these fights were to be bad in any way I still get to watch and support some of my favorite creators as well as contributing to charity. It's pog all around
Wait what march 14th?
I just want to see twinks get rocked and minx just wail on a hoe
The "what we do here is go back" gave me an immediate hit of serotonin
where's the odd1sout part ?
Actual good matches, some faces I am familiar with but I hope everyone have fun and do their best
OkAy GuYs tHiS iS wAy MoRE EpiC tHaN i tHoUgHT!
I'm so friggin excited for this
Hyde vs. Piker would've been more interesting than all the other matches combined x10.
I think you are going to Molly whop that doctor, bro.
HYPE HYPE HYPE
iDubbbz is the best
Glad its not some pure cash grab bs
Here in Tampa for the event, came from Puerto Rico, lets gooooooo
WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK
Ma name cheff
I bought ringside tickets as soon as the event dropped I can’t fucking wait
Go Sports!  May the best person win
Just purchased the ticket! Can't wait for for the fights, just getting to know Nathan through all of this has been a blessing
Idubbbz doesn't want to accept that Harley working with Sam Hyde is a huge draw for his event. Can't wait to see Sam take the W when Harley smokes Aaron.
This is gonna go down on YouTube history as the best body and mental transformation
You know who would have been really cool? Sam Hyde.
Matt is absolutley fucked
You wrote 'March 14' at the end there chief, 12:13
Sam Hyde
Where's Sam Hyde
It’s so funny how this whole event has become about the Ghost Kiev Samuel Hyde
Name of song in first 10 seconds?
Watch out for Saiyumul... The Ghost Of Kiev. Hide.
If he manages to set up a Kinobody vs Vegan Gains cage  match I'm gonna pay to see it.
I hope Sam Hyde doesn’t get out into a self defense situation when he comes to coach Harley, Sam could hurt every contestant with a swift judo move.
HERE COMES THE PAIN!!!!
Is Sam invited?
I’m diggin’ the mullet on our boi idubbbz
No hyde no buy. This cast is a joke. You don't even care to know your audience. Pathetic.
Can't wait to watch dad do a dempsey roll
kewl
End credits say march 14 insted of may 14
Bring Hyde in
if you lose ian, that would be embarrassing af lmao
Good reminder! Bought a ticket. See you in about 24 hours!
Hype!
Will you bring Otis to do a live performance for your walkout?
Hype I love you idubbz
Legendary
i’m sorry bro but idubbbz is gonna get slept
YO IAN GOT RIPPED!!
Goodluck, hope you'll win🙏🏽
Ah yes, the classic song.
love Ians agressive redneck persona xD for real tho some of the fighters are intense cant wait for the show!
You fucked up the video says March 14th at the end
Got worried at the end. Says March 14th. Not may 14th. Thought for a second I'd be waiting til next year
damn this is aids lmao
Harley Intro and no mention of Sam? Is idubbbz really that scared of the ghost of Kyiv?
I got $200 on the dude with the Ippo tattoo. Who wants it?
they wont even say his name, the ghost of kiev is behind harley and they will pay through epic meal time. SAY HIS NAME. HE CANT BREATHE.
Legends never die
It says march 14th on the graphic at the end
Idubbz all growed up 😍
THE WEAK SHOULD FEAR THE STRONG
Sam got your mind right my man.
I’m ngl, I trained and currently train and fight and I’d be more scared of a 16 yr than these guys.
How did this come to this?
This event feels healthy
Imagine asking people to pay for this...
Let’s go AB!
Ayyy let's goooo.
Nathan having an Ippo tattoo is amazing.
Did Matt and Ryan die while training for this?
Doesn’t want Sam Hyde there but puts Harley in the thumbnail cuz he wants Sams draw still
I think you made a small mistake at the end. Or I missed the fight. 12:13
Luv u
My whole life I played team sports
Arin fuck sake you're entering a boxing match not bodybuilder pageant. If he's serious about just eating chicken and veg then Harley is going to put him on his ass.
Cant wait!
Notice how Harley’s segment didn’t include any mention that he trained with Sam Hyde.
He knew what he was doing with that intro music.
If Sam Hyde isn't in Harleys corner we riot!
Ayo ian fucking shredded now Jesus Christ
Will the event be released as a full VOD after the fact?
Why it say Saturday, March 14 at the end? xD
Why didn’t the super mega boys say anything???!!!
This is insane
Hey man, I am a long time fan of your videos and content, and I am super pumped to see what you've made for us!
THINK IT. DREAM IT. DO IT.
huge typo at the end. it says March 14 instead of may 😂
RIP Arin Hanson dude looks like he's gonna get fucked up
Ian bad unboxes your casket VS. Dr. Mike puts you in the hospital
Bret is gonna whoop that dudes ass too
Omg, I Did A Thing has shoes on for once.
Interesting how theres no footage of sam hyde training harley
Let's goooooo!!!!
Hey, that’s pretty good.
Erik has gone through like 3 entire hair growths and beards since the training started lol
dr mike looks fast and strong hes got good offence abilty I hope he can win just to heal his opponents
Cmon michael!!! Lets GOOO!!
Who ghosts the ghost of Kyiv??
Well, now we're going back for real, cuz thats what we do here
I wanna see Minx break Matt from Supermega over her knee like a human toothpick.
I am so hyped for this! Bummed I can't make it but this looks like it's gonna be awesome! I hope it's streamed or something
Why was Sam not invited
Probably dumb last minute question, is the event going to be free or just pay to watch the stream?
Arin killed his intro
I just hope the Candyman doesn't show up. He terrifies me.
12:13 says March 14th instead of May 14th. Oopsie
Potahtoes
Who are these people? Get Sam Hyde
If Sam Hyde doesnt fight, the price aint right!
Yuss
Third
Ahhh Supermega didn't get there own montage ohh well I'm gonna be rooting for my boys Matt and Ryan
You should tried to get Prof to do the entertainment.. he probably would’ve done it. Also he’s your rapping twin
AHHH MAN THAT INTRI WAS NOSTALGIC
Daddy dubbbz when you gonna make another unboxing video
Can't wait to stream this.
It says March 14 at the end idub
End credit says march by the way
That grump is fucked
this kid gon get rekt 1st round
I like m this. No trash talk, just people saying how much they like the other people they’re going to hit and get hit by for charity. I suspect bigger numbers than mcbroom
Omg idubbbz, stop. It's just like any other event, you're not Mr. Special Simp. In the last year you've posted 9 times, 3 of those have promo bs. Go back to making edited videos clowning on people and or yourself, because when you take yourself so seriously it's painful. Hell I liked the squirrel series, at least then you weren't trying to do what's popular and acting like your like pony show is any better than any other. Maybe you where always like this, at least back then you had the decency to edit it out. GO BACK THE THE GUY WITH HUMAN IMMUNODEICIENCY VIRUS WHO ATE YELLOW SNOW, AND ENJOYED IT.  In all seriousness I am more hyped for the crash and burn not the event. It just seems like old washed up youtubers, streamers with personality and people who wanna "change the game", "shake up the Industry".   WATCH: "Tik tok Entrepreneurs & The Streamy's"
You're gonna get beat up dude are you serious😂😂😂😂
I didn’t even hear about this nice!
Hyped
the people under the stairs poor kid 11:33
Hearing that intro music again almost made me shed a tear
everyone of these ppl are on a glow up u can tell, they look healthy af
Sam is training harley and you didn't put him in the video, when harley himself had no problem putting him in his doc. What happened to you idubbz?
Bruh, it says March at the end 🤣🤣
Notice how Sam Hyde has been scrubbed from this and Harley's segment was arguably shorter than the other fighters as a result. Sam has actually ironically promoted this event and personal animus against him is stopping the people getting what they want.
Ian Harley Michael Erik Hundar Minx Ryan Dad Alex
Real boxing fans: cant wait for charlo castano 2 Legends: *creator clash* 😏
I would be afraid of mike after watching that hahah
Thanks Ricegum, if you had not pussied out we wouldnt have had this
If sam dont fight, the price aint right
Will it be Live and free on YouTube?
i am mostly intrested in idubbzz vs Dr. mike,   at first i thought dr.mike will beat idubbzz badly but after seeing the training both have put in and realizing its not purely about strength but technique and skill also matters a big deal, it might be a interesting match , if logan vs floyd wouldn't have happened this would have got way more attention, but the disappointment from that match may affect negative to this creator clash even if its logically done.  but best of luck to all the boxers and i hope you take the victory and have lots of fun doing it
Looks like ian got embarrassed into getting buff by sam hyde
We want Sam Hyde
It says March 14th at the end of the video lmao
It says march 14th on the title card at the end
Out of all things I thought I would see a jacked idubbbz wasn’t one. He’s gained a lot of muscle.
Tournament Arc begins now ladies and gents!
I am so happy Erik is getting in shape again just to get fat again by his next video.
hey buddy the end of the video says March 14th
Can't wait to see it! I really love the wholesomeness factor with no staged hype it's just a bunch of creators working towards trying something new while putting money towards charity.
How do we watch it???
are Alzheimers association and american heart association the only 2 charities?
12:15 Saturday MAY 14 not March.
Got my ticket a few weeks ago, mad excited for this
Is the doctor getting trained by Tyron woodly
Doctors have a 25% damage mutiplyers, from all there doctoring, so be careful dubs
I've got my tickets ready!!!
cant wait to see sam hyde face off against the GOAT epic meal time
This is making me wanna start boxing. It’s so cool.
this is what youtube boxing should be about
Box-man vs Doctor Pain. Really hyped for this event! The amount of work that went into bringing their bodies to the fitness level required for boxing is insane. This looks hella dope Idubbz
Why is everyone so interested in boxing? I DONT GET IT
March 14???
who got that stream link
It's time say goodnight
It’s not too late. Put West from NG+ Productions Vs ProJared on this card!
I feel like mynx will legitimately go all in lol. She's crazy 😂
Yeah I still think this is just a big troll
12:11 Oh, wong month.
bruh the 12:12 banner says March 14 , i got hella disappointed for a sec
I'm looking forward to seeing Harley box the most since he's being trained by Sam Hyde. It will be interesting to see what he learned from him since he's in a proper training camp with him doing multiple hours a day.
Hype hype HYPE 🥊🥊
let sam in harley’s corner coward
Idubbz is going to send Dr Mike to the Hospital, and he won't be getting paid while he's there!
Pathetic video left out sam hyde training harley
no footage of harley training with sam. I still don't quite understand why ian is so mad at sam after the documentary
I want to see Sam Hyde coaching, I better not hear that he was banned from the building!
Idubbz is like the rocky compared to doctor mike in the training and shit😂
I’m a little late, but where can I buy and stream it?
Can't wait to see Sam Hyde's match!
Seeing this after being away from the channel for a few years is very surreal
March 14th TF!?!??!
Let Sam fight bumass.
Yodeling Hallie being completely absent is kinda worrying me, hope she shows up!
I hope egoraptor gets his shit pushed in
Holy fuck doctor mike is gonna dstroy
what time does this start at eastern time?
All mention of Sam Hyde cut from Epic Mealtime's promo, c'mon dude smh
It says March 14th at the end
Wow,they're all looking GOOD
yeee video is sick, pumped
My vote is for the sunburn king
SOYBOY TEAM
Holy fuck im hype for this
Curating the comments now are we?
lmao that shot of AB doing pushups while ethan rests his feet on him feeding french fries to his dog
DAD!  yooooooo
march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th? march 14th?
Why does it say March 14 at the end?
Sam Hyde vs. Hasan when?
I'm confused is it on March 14th or may 14th?
Interesting how harleys real coach wasn’t shown
Creator Clash is the first sporting event I’ve ever paid to see. I know and love at least one creator in each fight. Can’t wait.
march 14 so is it next year?
COW CHOP?! Omg I have heard that name in years! 🐄🔪
It feels refreshing hearing that intro once again years later
cmon ian i back you
where can i watch the fight??????
Classic Content Cop intro. Nice!
This is my Ego's flashback scene from Ratatouille
Damn. This looks like something awesome to be a part of.
I honestly think the epic meal time and egalrapter fight is the maid event
Bought the early tickets the day I saw it was announced cause I'm near Tampa cannot wait to see all the fights hope I can get into the splash zone for the fights
No worries folks it's in march next year apparently 😂
March 14?
this event is so pure
only interested in the Harley stuff and there was no mention of him dropping his trainer for Sam Hyde which is the most interesting part of his story. You have to be idiotic to leave that out.
Dr Mike is gonna win that fight
Skipped me
This will be Awesome! I hope you all have a good fight, keep it clean ;)
Would've loved to see Etika in this fight...
Anyone else notice it says march 14 at the end of the video?
What time of the day does it start though? I already bought a ticket  for the stream.
eeeedupps gannggg
I'm calling it now, and I love idubbbz, but he is getting his ass beat. Usually even below average strikers will look great on the pads, and idubbbz looks bad on the pads. Hope he atleast does ok
hype
every match will end in a double ko
Much love to Ian he’s really evolving as a person in whole, it’s honestly inspiring I’m loving it, props to everyone involved
just get on gear to get good
IDunks is gonna destroy. What a monster compared to what he used to be.
It says march 14th?
Hey i bought a ticket but i wanna get a shirt too. Is there a way I can buy a tshirt after the fact?
Videogamedunkey vs logan Paul  make this happen
Sounds good where's Sam Hyde?
I'd much rather watch promotional material showing off their personality and training, how much they've grown in order to compete than some annoying clout chasing roasting press release with fake bets and bragging about money. Money has nothing to do with who is the better competition. Everyone has clearly maintained their respect for each other and has been training hard, I have a hard time predicting the outcome of many of these fights. Can't wait to watch for a good cause tomorrow, good luck everyone don't get too hurt!
RIP Dubbz
Imagine how scary would it be to face Brett though
Give us Sam Hyde
Says March 14th at the end.  Someone got their months all wickitywhacked.
same day charlo vs castano?
LETS GOOOO
I hope this event gets so much love!
I feel Arin is gonna surprise everyone, this man is the personification of malice. Put that in a punch and you'll see why he's the gamer boy, h e' s the one who wins
LET SAM HYDE FIGHT
gay
Where's Sam "Israeli Hammer" Hyde? I want him to fight.
Happy to see an old COWCHOP creator I this!!!!!!!
It says March 14th at the end lol
Super hyped!
Micheal reeves is gonna win by KO, craziest hit/size ratio
This is SUPER awesome but I also don’t want any of these youtubers to be punched. Hopefully everyone can hug it out instead :)
11:52 HAJIME NO IPPO?! Such an underrated anime
This is what I’ve been looking for! I’m so excited for this event. Win or lose, any of them; massive respect for the training and the work they are doing.
oh my god every one of these fights looks like a massacre
Harley was training with Sam, so he's gonna win desu
Epic meal guy is gonna fuck some people up
Don't have money, can't watch. Thanks for the offer tho.
My name a chef 😩
If sam don't fight, the price ain't right.
I hope everyone involved has fun!
Much respect to you Ian for the authentic enthuasium , respect and work your putting into the subject.
I can not wait
Sam Hyde should be in this line up…
Now this is what I call Youtuber Boxing! First time I'm gonna tune into a Tuber Boxing match! Idc how much it is.
Reeves vs graham is gon be the shit
at what time are these fights gona happen?
egoraptor didnt take it seriously at all, hope Harley caves his face in
12:12 Why does it say march 14?? xD
Can't wait for the clash damn stoked
will we get a joe rogan vs ethan?
WHERE IS SAM HYDE? ARE U AFRAID IDUBBZ? >:)
I would pay 25 dollars if sam hyde was fighting
coo
No clips of Hurley's actual coach. SAY HIS NAME.
What we do here...
Is this match going to be with headgear or no headgear
Wow Ian you've changed dude, in a good way I mean physically, but to us you're still the same crazy mf.  Before I die I'd like to see another Content Cop or Unboxing video like back in the day. Love you Ian and I wish you good luck against Mike, he'll probably need a doctor after you're done with him :P  Peace out bro.
Intro got me feeling right
The nostalgia when I heard that theme song!
Where tf Sam at‽
Editor put March 14th instead of May at the end
Yeah yeah yeah baby!!! That’s what I’m talking about
Ian really did get big as fuck oh my god
pls im from tampa but im at a work conference next week 😭😭
sam hyde will come, like the undertaker does in wwe where the lights go dark and his theme song plays
Wait... in Tampa??? So, you'll be surrounded by Tampons???
12:14 May 14th* not March lol
I want I did a thing or Alex Ernst to win
Matthew "LibtardCrusher" Watson is going to make Dad cry tears of soy.
LET SAM HYDE FIGHT
Minx is gonna stomp that girl in 🤣
What time is the main event?
WHERES SAM HYDE
you wrote march 14th at the end lol
Please let Dad box in a shirt and tie
Is the idubbbz vs jynx gonna happen soon?
Oh man watching I an sparr I can tell that he is going to get fucked hard. I AM GONNA BET 1000 DOLLARS BABYYYYYYYYY
Only reason I’m even considering a viewing of this is because Harley and Samual Heyde. Only reason I even care of because of the Kiev Ghost training Harley. And then Ian can’t even show an incling of respect for the guy who showed him boxing and got him into it. Not his woman, it was Samuael.
May*!!
Did i just moved to diferent timeline&
This will be my best and only birthday gift, can't wait
I nearly shit my dick off when that "what we do here is how back" rang out. I'm still geeking. 🤣
Good luck lads, it's gonna be a banger
march 14?
Love it!
the end card says March 14, good job iDubbz
it says march 14 in the end🤓
8:23 loved seeing that dude in Cow Chop. Looking forward to seeing him in the ring.
Didn't minx break her rib, like twice? One being from that punching bag hitting her
Love that idubbbz stole Harley's footage that he put in the sam hyde video.  Too scared to have sam around
12:14 isn’t it may 14th not march ?????
Oof got the date wrong at the end 😆😆😆
The video says March not may 😂
Once you take that first punch and realize you can take it, makes it easier to get into it.
Man, this is just goofy lol  Weird way to be "respectful" to boxing imo
Lmao flop. 👎👎👎
full force was your last good video
I thought harley was Jorge Masvidal at first
12:12 March 14th, huh?
HAVE YOU SEEN CHEF?
Cowards won't even mention Sam Hyde
Thank you for the reminder
How do we bet on these matchups?
banger card
The CTE looks good on dubbz.
Arin is actually gonna get murdered
"What we do here is go back" warped me back to like 2016 and gave me whiplash lmao crazy to think how long I've been watching this channel. You've come so far man so hyped for this!!
Love his Hajime No Ippo tattoo!
Finally a boxing match I am not ashamed to know about
So excited to see this in person tomorrow!
I like how instead of a bunch of hype beats doing cool moves, it’s a bunch of random YouTubers and other content creators taking boxing really seriously for charity and fun. I hate all of the opulence and greediness of the new boxing and wrestling stuff. Because boxing and wrestling is a super intense and fun sport. I like how they’re enjoying the fact that they’re getting a chance to compete instead of getting a chance to win a bet of their 10 cars and 5 houses.
Can't wait to see a man who ate pickles in a sewer fight a doctor, a buffed ginger Santa Claus fight and a star Wars fan, and a guy who speaks to himself and a gamer, a girl with a weird accent and a tiktoker, a podcaster vs another buffed guy, a Filipino nerd dwarf and I don't remember who, that guy who looks like Dave Grohl vs another bearded man, that guy that looks like another guy from dude perfect vs another podcaster, a very regular-looking man vs another guy, a guy with weird accent too vs a stickman from Arizona, a guy from an argument vs a weird looking guy, just for charity
Eurovision and Creator Clash. It's going to be a long Saturday for me.
12:12 it's written MARCH 14
Dad simply can't be stopped
Im actually really stoked about this, this is by far more interesting than any other creator boxing match in the last years
Iddubz is gonna get wrecked
iDubbz vs MrJagger
Good luck! been watching since overgrowth!!!
will we ever get the full intro song?
It is nice to see everyone looking so fit and healthy. It seems like they have been training for real.
Bunch of weak ass baby's "training" Lmao
This is the one you don't pirate
Is it just me or did AB basicly ask everyone to call him a dork in the comments?
he's gonna kick that doctor's ass
Keep that chin tucked, keep that gaurd up and land punches in bunches. Rock Dr. Mike's world my boy best of luck 🤙  Ps: the end of your video says the fight is march 14th not may 14th, might want to get that fixed real quick if possible lol
im worried about that girl minx is going to be fighting. minx is going to send her back in time
Just realized my boxing gloves are coming tomorrow. Perfect.
Pissed cause I bought a ticket but forgot to ask off for work. Watching this made it feel even worse
I I'll be 100% honest. Ian should walk in dressed as a content cop. Ian is not the kind of guy i think is all bark and no bite. He was shouting "niggerfaggot" in a way no one ever did, and that's not just stupidity, that's an offensive act he was able to do without being cruel... that's not a easy thing to do. Ian looks like the definition of:" When good men go to war, even the devil will flee." And lastly, epic meal time needs to show us all what all those bacon strips and jack Daniels can do to a man...
Weird how idubbz leaving comments on maxmoefoe videos eventually dominoed into Harley from epic meal time boxing Arin from game grumps.
Can't wait to see Sam hyde!
Epic
March 14th lmao, anyone else see that?
This is awesome
Connoreatspants needs to race keem
If only jinx was idubbbz opponent. Still hyped regardless
the "domino effect" meme:  some asian dude flexes his clothes --> youtuber boxing event.
I haven't seen a single stupid ass Paul fight, I'm excited for this. It just has such a genuine flavor those stupid clout chasers will never even care to aspire to. Watching this it's also super super cool to see the obvious growth all these to be fighters have accomplished preparing, this is going to be awesome.
Can’t wait for Idubbbz to unlock the secret squirrel boss after beating the doctor
It says March 14th in the video is that a mistake12:13
Not buying because I don't want to support icuckz but I do wanna watch the highlight of Harley destroying that guy
just a heads up it says march 14 not may 14 at the end
Ian's gonna lose. Unless he's showing shitty footage on purpose. He looks stiff and sloppy, but ill give him some credit he looks decent for 9 months of training. If the guy he's fighting really has boxed for 10 years even if it was on and off and didn't take it seriously. Thats a big advantage. From the footage the doctor looks a lot better.
Hahahahahahaha March 14
Let's go!!! I got 100$ on idubz
Tickets bought and booked! Let’s get it fellas!!!
Is Eric Gonna Come to the ring dressed as Don King?
Otis McMusic
Hopefully they'll make a stream or something. But I kinda have a feeling that it's not going to be as exciting as everyone's anticipating. Hopefully nobody's gonna be hurt
I'm beyond glad ricegum 😺ied out, what we got in return is GLORIOUS
Putting the guy who wants cookies and beer versus Epic Meal Time seems like a horrible fucking matchup just based off titles alone. And Harley also gets to have Slammy Sammy as his stand power? You just basically sealed the 7 layer sarcophagus.
holy fucking shit im so excited to see everybody tomorrow
March 14th or may 14th
This is the only influencer boxing match I've ever been genuinely excited for.  I can't wait to see it tomorrow!
Exited
Michael Reeves is like Evil Skrillex.
Am I the only one that caught march 14 at the end?
In the video it said March 12:13
I'm hyped for this. But do yall realise the Eurovision grand final is at the same time as your event?
Dad did climb E3 that one time, so hes got the fitness for sure. I Did A Thing is a beefcake, jeez. I just found his channel a few months ago, and I was happy to see him in here cuz I figured he could take to boxing very well.  Oh and I was told by a certain YouTuber that if you take a thing seriously, that means you re making a mockery of it...because reasons.
What we do here is go back back back back… my god
Sam planted the seeds of these crops.
Bruh if idubbz boxed like leafy or rice gum lmao
see y’all tomorrow. ive been watching you since the first kickstarter crap and I’m so fucking stoked to be there. getting on a plane in 6 hours!!
So when's Sam on? 🤔
emm date is wrong in the video
Do you not get to see introductions for the other side?
I'm idiots. Will I be able to stream the link they send on my Roku or fire stick? I don't want to spend $30 to watch it on my phone 🤣 Send help please
Messed up at the end with the date smh
this is gonna be sooo good!
I'm excited for Idubbz, Michael, and Arin. 🥰🥰
Hey Ian, can I ask something?  How could I watch this after the event is over? I've got a 12 hour long shift to work tomorrow, so I don't know if it's just... gone after it's done?
I didnt think I'd care at all about something like this but here we are. Can't wait!
First influencer filled card since the first 2 in the UK where it feels everyone’s actually trained and are respecting  the sport. Here’s hoping this kicks off a new promotion for boxing 👏
I've fallen out of love with game grumps. But god damnit I couldn't help myself but laugh because of Arin and his mannerisms.
This isn't your fake ass jakey, Logan, ksi fight, this is for real a dude wanting to Duke it out, insane 🗿👑
Goddam that intro hit hard, nostalgia all the way
I love this hype video. I hope this raises a ton of money.
Hundar!!🔥
Refusing to even just put Sam Hyde's name in Harley's segment, eh?
you have the end wrong it says march not may
Michael Reaves boxing is insane to me
The opening gave me chills
12:12 Saturday March 14th!? I guess what we do here really is go back
LET'S GO IAN!!❤🎉
Where's Graham!
I spent almost 10 years boxing when I was younger and even got to go to the junior Olympics, EVERY TIME I’ve seen somebody get their ass kicked outside of the boxing ring, it was always somebody Ian’s size and build. I know that doesn’t predict what’s going to happen in the ring but still…  No joke …….EVERY SINGLE TIME!!!!!  Its the lanky motherfuckers you gotta watch out for.   Edit…. Oh shit my original comment was about iDubbbz…. but both “Dad” and “I did a thing“ …. those are the two dudes I would be scared to step in a ring with, not knowing their pre-existing experience. Those two dudes and Ian’s body type are the people who always fuck shit up in and out of the ring. I’ve been knocked out dozens of times and the big strong dudes will make it quick, Can be out maneuvered with stamina, while the lanky motherfuckers take their time and make you hate life while they’re doing it.
Gold mine
when's the show? at the end it says march 14th, but in the title it says may 14th?
I really wanted to see more of Michaels videos 😔 sadly he will probably die  ! RIP !
So many cool creators. This is awesome
I really hope this becomes an ongoing event with more creators joining not for clout but for the sake of trying something new.
STARRING OUR BOY SAM HYDE
I'm so hype for this fam, and I'm glad a lot of my favorite YouTubers are doing this
This makes me glad ricegum isnt invilved. These people look serious and dedicated to the cause. I doubt that would be the case if rice, of keemstar was involved
Rootin for ya Ian
"I will be fighting Brett from cowchop" snaps neck looking back at screen... BRETT 😁
<4
Dubz here!!
DAD is fucking scary yo
So I'm watching this on my lunch break and I'm really confused because I thought the actual match was on the 17th of May
Sam Hyde
5:41 hairline king and his servant, 12th century (colorized)
Have you seen “Chef”?
whats sam gonna do...
Yo at the end you have the date wrong 12:12
Am I high or is it March 14 at the end of the video
A lot of respect to these men and women for pushing themselves. No matter the outcome, you all should be proud of yourselves.
Love watching amateurs fight for charity!
Typo at the end Ian
FUCK YES
Why aren’t you fighting sam
H3H3  needs a total beatdown and I would very much like to volunteer to make it happen.
Let's hope none of them end up like deji
March 14th? 12:07
It said march instead of may at the end? 👀
That intro really did bring me back
Is this that awesome boxing match Sam Hyde is putting on?  Sam is hilarious!  Great job!
5:41 lmao
wear his skin Ian
I don’t know what to call Arin other than goofy but in a good way
ya
The ending says March
Ma nama cheff!
IF SAM DONT FIGHT THE PRICE AINT RIGHT
I didn’t know I did a thing was in here that’s so awesome
Are they streaming this?
TOMORROW
aw i’m so exited for this. it was rly cool seeing come of the peoples that’ll be in this
This event is amazing
March 14
Ian looks like he's just served 15 years in maximum security, dude looks like a fucking animal
can’t wait
The end screen says March, it means May
IM SO FUCKING READY FOR THIS
If I see Sam Hyde show up to coach on Harley this will be the best event this year
Violence.   I await
Pog
LETSGOOOOOO
The ending card says march 14th
The song starting blue balled me
Rice€um is so happy that he doesn't have to box you. He was so nervous for a long time 😬 Now he's free 🐦
Notice me eduppps
This is where the fun begins
you had ethan cline in this video its a shame it wouldve been a good video
Cant waitttt!!!!
'WHAT WE DO HERE IS GO BACK' does something to me that no woman ever could..
THE OLD IDUBBZ MUSIC RETURNS EVEN MORE HYPE NOW!
Don’t do that to me with the intro music
Doctor Mike gonna get the dub
Was it supposed to say March 14th at 12:12?
Love yay Idubbbz but u getting trounced tomorrow and im here for it
that “what we do here is go back” brought me back to simpler times... I didn't realise how much I needed that!
Now add Tana Mojo for comedic relief
trailer says march title says may, which one is it?
Alex ernst throwing hands 😳😳 that speed is crazy compared to everyone but mike
low key sux
ryans world vs fooseytube, i vote ryan
Can't wait to see this event where every creator was either never popular or killed their careers to pursue training. Why tf would I care
Shut up minx
love u bro but please know ur punches look like softballs that carry no weight, use that hip bro please you look like you don't wanna harm anybody
Matt Watson was cool back then but nowadays I don’t like him so I hope dad claps them cheecks.
At first I was like “Meh, just another boxing match” and then watched the trailer and ACTUALLY knew the creators. After that I bought my tickets. Go Matt, go! Yes, yes, YES! 😂 though I do wish he were boxing Jackson…
THIS IS SOOOO SICK!!!!!
box sam hyde coward
No fricken way dude!!! I’ve been watching this channel for over 8 years and still love every upload.
I like game grumps but after seeing Epic Meal Time's training video with Sam I feel pretty confident Arin is going down
I'm excited for this fight, even though i know that idubbbz gonna lose
respect this type of YouTuber boxing
Oof. Seeing the Dr guy throwing his first training punches when he's introduced 😬 he's fast
No there's just no way. They do not have the backyard frog pool guy fighting the iFunny web comic guy. This is not a real event.
March 14 ? 12:12
Lessgo
👎
IF SANM DONT FIGHT THE PRICE AINT RIGHT
Can't wait to see our boy Harley fight. Hopefully Sam "Business Risk" Hyde did him right.
0:22 Man just for a second I got the excitement hearing the ConCop music
I hope Sam taught you some of his secret ancient Tactics and Strategies in Boxing when you two were hanging out, if so, you definitely got this!
Dawg this is going to be so cringy I can’t handle it. What makes you this anyone would care about this event? Most of the people in it are washed up and 80% of them no one even knows who they are. Why would this work and not Tik tok vs youtubers? That was a disaster and this will be as well
Idubbbz vs Dr. Mike is gonna be awesome
All we do here is go back.
Love how Sam wasn’t even mentioned in Harley’s part
where is samuel hideous tuff guy?
12:13 May 14**
Wow man
Can't wait for the Irish Candy Man to make a surprise appearance
Daxflame moment
Hi, Ian. When is the next Kickstarter Crap? :)
But Ian, where's Mr Hyde?
Oh man, haven't heard that intro track in too long
Baby sammy want smash
Where's Sam Hyde's card? We need answers.
Can’t wait to see Sam Hyde fight
We all know epic meal time is gonna win. Hes getting trained by the one and only ghost of kiev!
Didn’t you say you hate influencer boxing 🤔🤔🤔
Excited to see how Sam trained harly lol
Gotta get Ethan Klein vs Steven Crowder. This will be a interesting showdown to say the least between you all. I hope this does really well for the charities.
I havent heard that intro music in soooo long... Nostalgic, missed it
Ricegum really missed out, very excited for this!
Looking forward to the stream!
Rooting for everyone, stay safe out there ✌🔥💓 I very much want to be involved next year if there's a way I can reach out to someone regarding your staff coordinators. I have so many ideas to suggest!
I WANT BLOOD !
I never thought the day would come where Ian would step in the ring. This is legendary
This is the ultimate content cop all set up to do a report on Dr. mike, I just know it!!!
Looking forward to watching this with a couple buds, brews, and good food 🤘🏼
Date’s wrong at the end
SAM HYDE
WHO ELSE IS GONNA BE AT THE EVENT TOMORROW???? we are in Tampa right now! just drove 14 hours from Kentucky!!
"What we do here is go back back back back". I'm hard
Sam clearly lit the fire.
See you guys there.🫡
Can't fucking wait
cant wait to see sam hydes entrance
my nama chef
Dude he actually looks great what the hell
Have you seen chef?
Think it, dream it, do it.
I can't wait for matt watson to get his shit rocked by dad
No way I did a thing is in this yooooo
Ian's got some calves on him
Hearing Otis McMusic in a new video again was an absolute joy 😄
Actually can't wait to watch this! For once I don't care who wins, it'll just be nice to see creators I watch doing something they've clearly trained really hard for!
L
This is the only fight I've ever paid money to watch. Im really excited to see the supermega boys face down ass up like good little gentlemen 🥰🥰😍
Thanks for the reminder, bought a ticket just in time
Minx can get it.
What fuckin timezone are you in
Harley (epic meal time) was training with Sam Hyde lmao, guess the Ghost of Kiev has scared him off.
I'm so stoked my dudes
If Sam don't fight the price ain't right.
Dr mike looks scary
Bro is swole
Hell Yeah! Let's Gooo Baby! Whooo!!!
Ian giving everyone a blast of fucking nostalgia with that intro </3    I miss the good ol days too, man.
Proud of you Ian and everyone involved for making this entertaining event happen for a good cause🥊
I’m actually excited for this
Cant wait to see Sam Hyde
So coo! I can’t wait for the second event! 😮
Dr. mike is gonna kick IDubbbz ass xD
Who’s joining the h3 watch party!?
tickets bought cant fuckin wait, i got chills when the content cop song played
Lol, it says March 14 at the end.
Let’s go AB!!!
Lmao I thought this already happened
Very funny how idubbbz didn't acknowledge that Sam hyde is training harley
Funny how this all started because RiceGum wussed out, I assume lol
Very nice.
Le copiaron a Ibai
Can’t wait to watch some mediocre amateur boxing!
Now this is how you actually hype something up
Michel better have a robot that fights for him in Futurama fashion!
You got this homie
this has serious potential, only IDUBBZ could pull this off
I'm genuinely excited.
bet
Ian got that Theo Von trash mullet look
This is going to be insane lol
Got my ticket, I’m hyped for tomorrow
YOOOO MINX IS GONNA JUMP JSCHLATT'S ASS AFTER THIS MATCH
Even if the fights are not pro level. It’s nice to see an event like this with people who aren’t 100% scumbags.
BRING SAM HYDE EMT NEEDS HIS CORNER
If you’re not watching, you’re a Loser
Next creator clash Ian is fighting Mike Tyson. Brownie points if he puts a little peanut butter on his ears to give Mike something good to taste
So mad I couldnt get a ride to the airport smh
You guys are YouTube GOATS for setting this whole thing up!!! This is going to be incredible
This shit is soooo underpromoted, u guys won't make any money
this is so weird
So no Sam Hyde?..
I love and am proud of both of you. All of the participants for that matter. You've been working hard and it shows. But Mike seems to be a weight category above idubbz, and that'll settle it. But the cause will remain, and the effort put in will transcend that.
Fight sam hyde it's what every one wants too see
I really don't care ian
That “what we do here is go back” was the most cathartic feeling I’ve had in a while. Super excited for this event!!
Can't wait for Sam Hyde to arrive and physically consume every person involved, raw
content cop to content boxer
Should've let The Ghost of Kyiv box in this event to honor his service.
That doctor could be any YouTuber? That may be the dumbest thing ever said. Logan Paul would destroy him. Shit even Jake could probably whoop him. There’s two off the top of my head
I hope your event Is successful and works out well for you!
Let’s goo
Good luck
This can't come nearly soon enough
omg that song on this channel can only mean something good
Either Ian isn’t showing us his Full Force in these training vids or he’s gonna get his shit rocked
March 14th
Fight Dale from Detroit urban survival management
This better be a good boxing match
I can't wait to see this tomorrow :D
Awesome Idubbz, hope you win.
That Content Cop music hade me like😩
I'm so excited to go tomorrow! Rooting for you idubbbz! :D
I look forward to this being as much as a disappointment as any other.  🎩 🐍no step on Snek! 🇺🇸🇭🇰
Notification squad
that content cop song made me mad....
Ok have fun and don’t be a ham hole
Oh yeah baby
The opening song is nostalgia wtf
COULDN'T BE MORE HYPED
Grease
The only fight that really interests me is the epic meal time vs. egoraptor fight.
That intro song... it's been 3000 years...
ffs, idubbbz is about to get demolished and im not happy about it
YEEEEEE
What we do here is go backbackback
This event managed to being ksi out of retirement to try and overshadow it
This shall be the greatest event of the decade!!! Maybe the century
Let's f7ckimg gooo00000!
so excited!!! great work ian
I did a thing vs theodd1sout is fucking NUTS
my money on reeves. revenge for being belittled by graham when he began to blow up.
uncle dane eat beef stew
Hey x
For a minute based on the intro I thought this was going to be a Content Cop based on celebrity boxing.
Dad feels victory
idubbbz looks more and more like a greasy trailerpark dad
what we do here is go back back back! hit me in the feels god damn!
You're gonna smash this 👌 one of the only YouTube fights I've actually been looking forward to, no bullshit, just real shit.
Ayoooo
I heard the song again and smiled. It feels like I'm right back in it.
Fucking better win
Wasn't his very last video shitting on this kinda thing or am i missing the nuance of this
Them gains tho! ✌️😯👌
Man the 0:15 second marker was a throwback
The origin story
saaaay n.......
What could have been with Jinx
Oh man hearing “what we do here is go back” had me snap my head immediately that was fucked 😭
Wish I could’ve made it out to Florida due to shitty financial situations but looking to the stream
Hot sweaty men we all know and love punching eachother? What more could we ask for?
If this is a huge success, sign Twomad for the sequel and watch the money roll in.
RIP content cop!
1 minute bruh less go
This event is going to be the best of the year
He looks like Christian Bale in the machinist with his shirt off
HYPE
Ohh shit the music classic this is a masterpiece
The og music be banging
Ian
Finally, some good fucking content
Hyped
im early🤓
Good luck ian
very cool
Putting Ethan’s podcast audio in as a hype is peak YouTube
I cant tell if Idubbbz is doing this whole boxing thing ironically. Because its a super lame cash grab
Woo
been watching since the sewer pickle eating and d*ldo unboxing, you always brighten my dad, keep on creating.
15 year old me would’ve been absolutely losing it at ripped idubbbz
Finally. An online personality fight night where the creators actually punch one another.
Been waiting but it’s good
Wow. That intro song gave me nostalgia hit
Who's taking bets???
i hope he comes out with content cop music
1min gang lets gooo
Ian with them tats is making me feel some type of way
third!
Micheal reeves is gonna dominate
Bro this is so hype!
I'm super hyped
I can't believe you won't let me fight you. 😒
Can't wait to be there in person tomorrow 🤗
Escubbz
good luck idubbbz. cheering for you
That content cop track still hits hard
Remember when sam hyde bullied you into boxing.  You never held up gloves a day in your life before that and it shows
Clash creator- Kanye East
cant wait to see supermega 😈
michael reeves
The greatest event ever. And content cop music? Truly epic.
Now this is YouTube boxing! Fuck up Dr. Mike, idubbbz!
go haley
Wow I got here early
All these guys are too afraid to go up against Sam Hyde (professional self-defense instructor)
That content cop song almost made me cry from nostalgia. Also at the end it said march 14.
This is so hype, I can't wait for Ian to go feral.
Let’s goooo. I’m the guy who made the Pick ‘Em sheet on Twitter, and I have my picks up on my channel too! Hype af for the event! Can’t wait man, well done!
The nostalgia of that intro hit me hard
Hello boy I hope you are good. Luv video much! Lots of days watching you manny laughs. Say bad word naught boy!
This is going to go hard
Let's fuggin go babyyyyy😩👊👊
Betting it all on Michael
Proud of you Ian and everyone involved for making this entertaining event happen for a good cause🥊
I'll be there in person! Can't wait
Jebaited
I'm way too excited for tomorrow. Got my tickets and my snack ready for the greatest fight this world could ever conceive
Ay there you are dad, where's the milk?
Nostalgic intro
Oof the nostalgia of the intro music 😭
The old content cop music😌
Holy shit an upload we are truly blessed today
Extremely EARLY. Like this one up for no reason baby!
Crazy to see how idubbz matured, almost matured with his audience
Have you watched chef?
This is what we’ve been waiting for
Streaming this. DONT DIE MATT
wake up it’s time to go beast mode
Holy balls man I am so excited, I've always loved Ian
Early
Fight better be good
Here we gooooo
YouTube smash ultimate
Hope you lose, I will be cheering against you, best of luck!
Content cop intro song!!
Let’s goooo
LET’S FUCKING GOOOOO
That intro music 👍
When I heard the music🥶🥶🥶
Dr Mike ganna be Dr Dead
I heard the Ghost of Kiev is set to make an appearance
History is about to be made.
i’ll be there
God I love clash of clans
I’m ready
Second
I’m so hyped for this, probably the only influencer boxing match I truly cared about
I swear minx is the scariest fighter
the event of the century
Finally I've been waiting
Bring back papa franku...
THE INTRO
Second
wish i could see it live
oh my god that music
Gonna watch this immediately after Eurovision!!
Hi Ian!
Also fight samurai hyde
last
Chyea!!! I'm 8th in the door
Lets go brother!!!
Rip Ryan
3rd?
YOOOO THE ORIGINAL CONTENT COP MUSIC FOR THE INTRO BRO LETS GOO
Hyped
if it weren’t for the paul mccartney concert i’m going to today i’d have been there. fuck
LET'S GET IT BOOOOOOOOYS
Cumcumcumcumcumcumcummin
So will it be uploaded to YouTube to watch for free after some time?
Bruh
Can't wait!
Aye yooo.
What we do here is go back
Hope to see jinx there
Finally
I will be in attendance
I would totally go if it wasn't in Fl*rida 🤢🤢 no chance
Let's go baby
Edubpz  Edit: this is the only comment that matters
Damn lol
Its fucking here holy shit
Gang
cant wait for this event. gonna be wicked! ❤🎉
I’m in the area but my parents won’t let me see it
Ey thats pretty good
Mr.dubbbz
No sam hyde.  Trash event.
Not first
L Sam Hyde better
4th
something
I’m flying out from Wisconsin to see this and I’ve never been more pumped for an event in my life
hi
I is gonna secure the Dub
Eep
let's Fucking Go!
Daddy
yo mama
Hi
What we do here is go back back back barbie
Calling outta work for this lets go
Second
OMG YES THAT INTRO SONG!!!
Thrid
Can’t wait!!!
i’m excited for matt and ryan
Is bill Clinton innocent?
F yeaa
YEEHAW
a
Yes
cool
Second
BINGO BANGO
Lesgo
LETS GOOO AB
Yes
I fuckin hyped
LETSS GOOO
Super excited for this!!!
insane to see
I get so hyped every time a new video comes out
Yoooooo
hi
LETS GO CHAMP
Pog
My name chef
YEAH
First maybe not idk
Bruh
Yoo
Looks boring
yesssir
Ok
e
yo
Ok
not first
Can’t wait
On the boards son!
2
Yoooo
Cum
Sup
Lets gooooo
holy shit
yes
🥸
Can't wait!
Ye
Idobs
Third
LESS GOOOOOOO
Hi simp
Good luck
Second
dear god
let’s go
CHEF
yes.
Yes SIRRRRRR 🏆🏆🏆
First
Oh shit
hi king
stoked
Hey dxady
I'LL SEE YOU FUCKERS TOMORROWWWWWW HYPEEEEEE
Third
First comment
No
This is about to be a great event I really can’t wait
Cum
Nice
Cool go vegan
Ayoo
Bruh
Yay
Hey. This is pretty good.
“Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment” 🏆
first
First
