Note from Evan: Yes I know I lubed the stabilizers the lazy way instead of hand painting them all. I like them extra lubed 🤣 Also we had SO much fun making the unnecessarily extra ad in this video. Click buyraycon.com/evanandkatelyn for 15% off your order
I am now waiting for the 100% keyboard made of wood
I would 1000% purchase this
You are the only channel where I always watch the sponsored segments. You are so creative and funny. 😄
The Cheetos and A&W in the beginning 🤤
I can’t believe evan grew out his hair and beard for 2 shots
0:12 don't worry somebody already invented the first wooden transistor I'm sure they'll start making electronics out of them
COOL
Why wud they ruin such a nice thing by spraying chemical on the keys and case at the end? Wooden keys are natural not to sprayed with chemicals
Wow! I love this keyboard the most so far.
Great project, but I can't get over the fact the Q has the wrong scrabble points. It should've been 10 😢
"I can't get on today i got a splinter from my keyboard"
Evan looks like haggard from harry potter 1:43
Ok but now I actually want one… I loved the sound at the end!
Moses Evan can't hurt you, he ain't real. Moses Evan: ...
Aha, so you use lube for the silent switches! That makes a bit more sense. I actually like my mechs to make some sound and I can't hear any difference lube has on either clicky or thocky switches. I feel the same way about lube as I do about audiophile grade sound equipment: I know it's supposedly a big deal to some people, but I'm still not entirely sure it's even real and not just placebo...
You may be able to make PART of the switches. Easiest way do understand it is to just open one. First time I did it I was using a small swiss army knife, just pick one, use a blade to pry one of the sides open and push it over the locking thing, then use your finger to keep it "unlocked" while you do the other side... Or spend some money on a switch opener.  With the switch open you will notice there are a couple metallic pieces but pretty much everything else is plastic, sooooo... You can probably make it out of many materials.  Now I'm curious, how would a Wood SWITCH actually FEEL and SOUND? I wouldn't be able to make one, I'm not that good, but that sure is an interesting idea. Same for other materials.    BTW, amazing videos, I just found out about the keyboards you guys make and I'm loving watching everything, you're both amazing. Keep doing it, please. ❤
I'm just starting the video. And i know if you do full cut out, some letters and symbols are just not going to work... Let's see how you've managed!
What about a glass keyboard
One day, we will get a chaos keyboard, where all the keys are made of different crazy things and different heights and thicknesses and funky shapes. ChAoS!
I only just realized after rewatching this video, Evan totally looks like Dave Grohl with the long wig and beard! 😂
I know I am late to Evan and Katelyn but am so glad I came across their content!!!
To jest klawiatura
Co to jest?
it's giving the vibe of "I've Been Isekaied Into A High Fantasy World Where You Game To Barter and Settle Disputes" the manga series page 11  in the most glorious way.   (i never heard of it, but it wouldn't surprise me if there was an actual series like that, with a name that long)
I love in the beginning when they put water on their faces😂
"Have you ever started a project, thinking it's going to be very simple..." LITERALY ME WITH EVERY LEGO THING I BUILD!
13:16 you know you love using new toys when a chisel would have been way easier for this part.
Fully expected a "that's what she said" after the "it's so massive! "
Finally gamers can feel in touch with nature too!
I think it’s funny when in every vid the editor puts a caption saying “Evan going nerd mode”
9:33 this was the best ad ive ever watched hands down!!
You two would thrive in a steampunk universe.
You see, they said a digestible keyboard, now I want them to make a keyboard out of rock candy.
0:23 😭
Tomorrow this is two years old
Woulkd be cool if the ... Windows key is... a window frame and .. a .... I mean a window :D
Goregous, the spacebar is so adorable!
LOOKS AWESOME!
What is the title of the 1:14 i’ve heard it but forgot the title
Looks amazing, but Q is worth 10 points, not 1 point in scrabble
"When you look at it, it really gives wood... You know?" Oh, Katelyn... 😂
I couldn't skip the ad this time. wack.
I feel betrayed!!!!!     Jokes aside, the challenge to try to make it was interesting. Keep up the good work!
OK, who else love the ad ❤❤❤ 👇
I think it's amazing. If you would ever have like this keyboard look, doesn't even have to be wood, as merchandise... I would buy (would saying 10 make me look too insane, i Mean i want one to use, one to hang on my wall, maybe even in multiple rooms so, lets just go with 3) i would buy 3 of them!!!!!!!!
2:05 where did he put his hand?
The sponsorship was so funny
I’m voting for Katelyn!
They should've pulled out a uke in the intro
*thock not ThOnK!? 😜🤪
17:48 this you could really place a crap ton of themes on in a hat and take 2 and try to make them into a keyboard (or something easier) also still partitioning for a bob Ross keyboard where each key is a different bob ross painting
1:24 just casually breaking my keyboard
Make a matching 10-key!
Typing was so nice
The typing was so nice
After watching all of this keyboard related video's you guys made, it got me thingking... None of them Truly embodies the Core of this channel. And so I proposed an idea for you guys to consider... The Chaos Keyboard. Each individual keys are made from different materials and to make it interesting as well, Evan and Katelyn will be given a random prompt and are not allowed to know or see the other person's prompt:)  I just had this idea out of curiosity, so it would be awesome if this ever came true.
When you start using a vibrator, you should ALWAYS remember the lube
Can i buy one 🥺🥺🥺
Would get stuck In the keyboards letters?
Is it eco friendly
katelyn: if you were to eat it- even: **slowly puts the peice in his mouth**
Perhaps one of THE BEST ads I have ever seen. Nice job. I almost forgot what I was watching for a second!
these guys are so autistic i will proceed to keep watching now
The spray-on tears, the long-haired Evan, the dramatic Raycon romance, just these two in general lol 😂. I love them so much!❤
11:40 Sooo... You had the chance to make it in one whole piece, but chose not to? Or was the piece just not deep enough?
Katelyn showing her acting chops. Oscar worthy performance
You guys have to figure out how to mass produce these or something. I freaking love it!!! So cool!
I don't care If it's 100% wood or not I'm just a kid.
plz make a edible gummy sour patch kids keyboard next that would be interesting to see next
I'd buy it
Does Evan use wrist braces for working on the computer or was he just doing a bit? My programmer BF has Ehlers Danlos and nerve issues in his wrist, would love to see E and Ks desk work ergonomics <3
Honestly, I have never loved mechanical keyboards, they are really over stimulating for me and too big (cuz my hands are little). so I love the flat keys on laptops. Cuz they are quiet, and low profile keys that are also compact. but I would absolutely adore this key board! The keys are beautiful, low-profile, and quiet! seems like it would be similar to my laptop keyboards!
MISSED OPORTUNITY!!! The "CAT"trol keys!
Even the promos are fun to watch 💀
Watched your videos for about a year, and came here after your concrete keyboard. But as a woodworker this is, IMO the coolest thing I’ve seen you guys make, well done!
in the beginning where evan dies on his keyboard with his long hair and long beard XD then he comes back as hagrid XD
Katlen, I love your hair and the intros so so so so much you look amazing
do a all (real) iron keyboard (real iron)
Love this sponsor ad. They're just so adorable. The videos never ever disappoint. It's a cross between chaos and order with a dash of insanity. :)
The G and H being crooked AAAAAAAA
you need to make the monitor wood !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
Nice idea, and it turned out quite good.
I lover it. But hey ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm your keycaps are supposed to have a profile to  hem.
These are the only ads I don’t skip
Don't need lube with enough excitement.
Evan explaining what Katelyn said in different words
This was one of the best sponsor adds onestly so reallystic
15:51 it all comes down to better switches and more joobe
Love 😂pac man music
That is super cool.
At the end when Evan showed the difference between the brown switches and white ones I took off one of my keys to check the switch on my keyboard and there so wobbly 😭
I realy want it I'm so jealous
This ad read was gold
This is really cool
15:00 who knew making a keyboard would have so many innuendos
This is beautiful! And amazing craftsmanship. 😊
Shoutout to DIY Jesus
Love you guys, love your work, but this is astonishing beautiful. When you produce this ones please put me in the list.
god i want to make a custom keyboard someday. imagining my 3 favorite colors 😩♥️
That’s sick bro
Katelyn should have been an actress
Katelyn killed the acting not
Umm these need to be sold! I wood buy one in a minute!
Shutup and take my money!
You guys should reach out to a keyboard company, like osume, to do collab and share this keyboard with everyone!
I’ve always wanted a cnc machine, like the one from inventables ☹️maybe one day
Wood mouse wood mouse
Evan and Katelyn are the only people who can make ads so fun to watch. i'm concerned, they're too powerful.
I just discovered your channel and I wanted to thank you for being so fun
*L
it's distressing to see that t-slot right there and hear him say "yeah i'll just tape it down"
is this solarpunk
Is it just me or is the “h” crooked
Well tbh i dk what the hell im doing on this day. This sentance its just so i can see how i type lolol
It's "thock"
Yall are so real, i love it
✨️Kittywhompus✨️
Love it! Good job, guys! =D
I know I'm late (somehow missed this video), but what a great video you guys!
4:41 Ngl, it's *very* satisfying to have a collection of different samples when looking at things like wood types/ veneers, fabric types/ colours, paint colours, pigments, etc.
10:15 you guys did just make laser cut keys out of panel with veneers. And added a questionably CNC'd wooden sides. Wouldave been better if it was a single solid bottom instead of acrylic.   And why CNC when just a small saw or file would have been more accurate? And epoxy infill of the keycaps would help maintain its cleanliness in the long run.
Hay good luck I'm love ❤️❤️
Okay, but WHO DID RAYCON PICK?!? WE NEED TO KNOW.
Nobody:... Evan: "I went way overboard when ordering stuff" I love it xD
What's that website at the end? I see every mechanical keyboard enthusiast use it but i have never seen it linked before
How about in all Resin  keyboard?
Awesome!  Will you make a Metal keyboard?  Like steam punk.
I’m so glad YouTube started suggesting your videos again.  It’s been a While. ❤❤❤❤
Then theres the gay dude john  8:12
still the best sponsor ad yet
The pcb can actually be made out of wood. 0/10 not a wooden keyboard.
Splinters: oh hello there 😃
Love all your works❤❤you guys are amazing 🐸
i want one now. One keyboard i've always wanted is a steampunky keyboard. With like old typewriter keys. Like the one from Warehouse 13 (old Sifi Chanel show)
Next - make a *real* keyboard, ya know, one with a ten-key pad and all the function and arrow keys, 110 keys in all.  😀
I 'wood' use this keyboard ngl
"Ctrl" = cat; Cats control life.
i would buy this keyboard it looks so good
No one felt like pointing out that she glued the purple heart wood upside down?
make a mini keybord
yoo they didn’t use mx browns pog
I can’t unsee the crooked H
I’m sure that this comment is already on here. I apologize for the repeat here. Would you consider doing one of these as a commission piece? I so love the way you guys did this. Thank you!
Great video! Interesting that at 7:12 Katelyn said "kittywompus. " I know the term as "cattywompus. " For like when things are crooked or messed up, etc. Means the same thing, just wonder if it's a regional term now, the differentiation. I'm from pa, btw!
I was tired and slept for an hour after watching this but I love it
We need listening for love to be a show
EVAN: I'm Soo sad Proceeds to give a baby just born type of smile throughout the Entire intro xDDD
The keyboard looks so good, just a shame about the wrong numbers on the Q and M.
ive rewatched this video like five times now i think. one of my favorites
some people don'tlike the keyboardsound I love the sound  😅 i feel is relaxing 😌
I liked the thicker keys as I think the amount of light shining through is a bit much but everything else is INCREDIBLE.  The custom keys 😍 now can we make one with a number pad 😅
"What do you think of when you see a wood piece of this size?" Splinters! "Scrabble!" ...That too!
At the start I was about to cry cuz I thought they were gonna say their cat died (idk how to spell it srry)
"Take it slow" by YouTube audio library hits harrrrrrrrrrdd 16:45
“aLl KiTtY wHOmPus”
Totally love this concept and board! I was modding one of my keyboards while watching and it just made me want a wooden case. Keeb nerds unite!
I would buy this, no doubts
I would high-key buy this a million times over, it is stunning!! You guys did an incredible job!!! Imagine if the main keys were white, then a gradient into a grey wood then into black 😍😍
I'd love a video with just the ASMR sounds of that keyboard <3
I usually skip the ad segments when I rewatch vids, but the raycon ad was so good I always rewatch it🫶
I guess I just found my next project. The is beautiful!
6:27 Looked away for a sec and thought you said f-ing Jays. I was like woah, what did the J key do to you.😂
基盤もすべて、木で出来ている？！
8:27 what is the earpiece supposed to represent
One keyboard down, just a billion to go!   But seriously Maybe you could try a macbook next.
Honestly you guys have enough sawdust to make an entirely new plank of wood
How. Did they do the "O"
I think this is the coolest thing y'all have ever made!!!
Katelyn said wowowowowowowowowowowowowowow. 🤣😹
I just want to say that I absolutely love your videos, and as an engineering student, they have seriously taught me so much. I have been thrust into projects for my job where they give me an idea, or a general concept, and then ask me to turn it into something solid just with the knowledge I have. Seeing your process, even the failures, really helped me with these challenges. Anyway, a serious thank you to you both for being awesome engineers of chaos!
And now please repeat the project, with transparent Wood. 😄
@glarses
W o o d
How close your finger had to get to the router bit to round over the edges of the keys gave me so much anxiety!
6m 46&,@kclmsoapsuzhzg X2:
Should have gotten help from the glarses company.
The opening was hilarious, I LOLed. love you guys
everyone love bloopers
"WORDS ARE HARD" well COUNTING is TOO. 3:30   🤣
This video made me go on an online shopping adventure and spend all my money on a fancy keyboard 😂
makin good use of the wig and beard XD
That moment you realize you have the same keyboard as Evan.
Bro really looked at a tree and said "that'll make a good keyboard"
You guys are such a cute couple ❤😊
🔥🔥🔥
15:20 is Molykote not a channel sponsor? 😂😂
what keyboard is that? 1:17-1:23
In theory you could make a switch out of majority wood. It would be awful, but you could do it. And I’m a little disappointed that you didn’t
POV GMK PRICING IT AT 10000000000000000 dollars
This looks so beautiful. I fill jealous typing this on my plastic mechanical keyboard.😍
technically the pcb of the board is kinda wood. So its just wood with extra steps
THE CTRL IS NOW CATROL
I may not like the Rancans themselves, but these two sure make a great advertisement 😂
I really love your channel because I have always wanted to watch people build stuff 😊, and fun!
Geez I hope that's not the fart spray
why did when they faked cry why did it make my eyes water tf
The ad itself is a video on it own 😃😃😃
LOL - You guys make me laugh.  I don't even watch for the projects anymore.  I just watch for the goofy and silliness
Since there’s layers to a keyboard, does this mean keyboards are like onions, or parfaits?
I hope you 2 don't have kids yet 14:18 (click the timestamp)
Some people like the clicking of the keys. Lol. I am weird. I know.
i love when sporserships are entertaining
where'd they get that keyboard that splits in half tho
YOU LIED TO US!!! TRADORS!!!
1:45 yup I have started building a gas powered RC baja 1/5 a year and a half ago thinking it was a piece of cake to make it's been a year and a half and it's a literal money pit
That was the best ad I've ever watched, I watched the whole thing and want more
the test keys lookin like a staircase makes me think that would be a cool feature if designed to be stepped all the way across the board lol
I love y'all add spot they are great
The Y 6 &7 are slightly off but besides that it's awesome, good job!
i've watched this video a few times, but i never realized that you guys assembled the keyboard wrong. on the right side, isn't the ctrl and windows key in the wrong places?
KITTY WOMPUS
This looks great and gives me ideas for a smart outlet remote. Did you 3d print the transparent keycap switch adapter plate that you glued to the keycaps? Or was that purchased separately?
any future projects that has fallout theme in them?
more wood keyboard asmr pls!!
i want this keyboard so baaad :00
The raycon ad 😂
1:50 literally every web development project that i got. i say it's just easy and then year later i am like " you sure we are deploying today?"
it's fineeeeeeee
Theoretically, could y'all make a custom typewriter from scratch? I feel like it would be possible, but difficult due to all the internal parts. Would still love to see someone try to do it.
@Glarses pls one up this  also rate their procedure
bro hot cheetos and root beer is my jam
This, but minecraft blocks Each key is a block that starts with that letter: W is water A is Andesite S is Sandstone D is Dirt Ctrl is Command Block
Now a mouse
Using a cnc for a small hole seems a bit overkill.....
If i had money I would buy it for any price that is just gorgeous
How to you two meet? This is the perfect duo on YouTube
I desperately need Evan and Katelyn to try whittling and/or woodcarving-- I recently picked it up myself and it can be so much fun, and not TOO difficult to make little projects, but *just* frustrating (cant think of the right word) enough at times that I think it would make a wonderful video :=)
Is Q really worth only one point?? It’s been so long since I’ve played scrabble
This is absolutely beautiful!
why doesn’t my girlfriend look at me like she looks at him 😔
Mid century cyberpunk
best YouTube apology
Y’all are so silly and I’m obsessed with it! Uber cute!!!
I am so invested in Listening For Love. When does it hit netflix?
Wooden keycaps and a wooden case are nice, but we need a wooden plate and wooden switches housings and stems.
Now that they are into making so many things velvet, I expect a velvet keyboard now  Edit: I completely forgot they already did that 💀💀💀💀
PLEASE WEAR MASKS WHEN WORKING WITH WALNUT!!!! That is the WORST wood to get in your lungs!!! Please be carefull
ayyyy.... how much for it....
BUT HOW DID YOU GET THE VENEER ON? Whyyyy that was the most important part T_T
Where do I get wrist braces like that man?
Now make a wooden computer case please I would like to see that
I would definitely buy this keyboard!
It is sooooo fancy!!
I love the look and feel of wood. Your keyboard is awesome.
16:57 okay, with that music and that timing this is way more epic than it has any right to be!
My raycons broke 😆
"Better switches and more lube" 👀
Hold on, there’s still one thing that’s not decided. Who did the raycon earbuds choose?😮
Pls tell me they notice the cap lock button is upside dooooown.... Nope...
thats a lot of work
The rayon add was so funny
Man That sponsorship was just fire
You make me want to klack my fingers against your keyboard. Also you made me reach down and wiggle my keys and desire a better keyboard.  And Typing of the Dead would have been a good ending XD
Anyone notice the bugs while they were making the Walnut case they were everywhere literally everywhere
On my way to whittle an RTX 4090ti from an oak 2x4
You guys need a drafting table to save your back doing stuff like this! Lol
Out of the probably over 50 people I’m subscribed to, this is the only channel I would give money to, and I’m not an adult, but I still have money, and I’m a little low right now, but I wanna join or donate so bad! They’re such amazing people
instantly got a smile out of me when the video began, i like it
How about a keyboard made out of slime? *Squish**squish**squishy*
Do something with petter knetter
Evan split his keyboard and I just about had a heart attack 9:14 DANG KATELYNS A GOOD ACTOR GEEEEZ
This was funny to start with
first time seeing this channel and they actually got me to watch through a sponsored segment lol. it was really good
The big question is, how much will it cost for you to make another one and sell it to me :D
Ok think about it: You have a velvet toilet seat and a velvet keyboard  You have a mood ring toilet seat and a mood ring keyboard You need an all wooden toilet seat now!
That should be an actual show lmao  (The sponsee add)
Okay I have to admit I wasn't on board initially in the project but I was on board with watching your video because you too are just playing entertaining no matter what you're doing but you won me on the keyboard it looks like a really bad ass keyboard
The h is crooked and so is the j and f and u annnnnnnnddddddd 4
I'm broken, I thought Evan Panicked because he got called sir on camera at 10:01
H was crooked 😭
Evan been about to use gentle persuasion Katelyn no, please, no.
I have to be honest, this is one of my favorite non resin projects that you did, I really like how the wood and how nice it looks like it, it looks awesome, that's all I need to say, and the little details on the keys that were added I loved it
this was an amazing project! love the process and especially the outcome
All these companies should ask Evan and Katelyn to sponsor their products, everyone knows to never skip them!!
im so jelli i want a wooden keyboard but not good with art
Wait but who did Raycon give the rose to???? you can't give me a whole storyline without the big finish?
got me di3ing with my laff cus of the intro
You guy should try to make a matching wooden mouse!
😍 just take my money lol. I want one. Yet another reason to get a laser cutter
If I were able I would absolutely love to turn all the keys on my own keyboard into wood
Super cool!!! 🎉love it so much!
You guys can't stop to suprise and and entertain me with these ideas Keep up the good work
I love scrabble! I actually found a mold to make a resin scrabble board and tiles. You should do a resin game segment as they also have a 4 across mold, tic-tac-toe, chess, checkers, dominoes, even playing cards!
WHO DID THE RAYCONS LIKE IN THE RAYCON AD!!!!!! I NEED TO KNOW!!!!!!!!!
You should of made the case not hallow.
Yo Evan! You should put foam in the bottom of the keyboard. It makes is sounds sooooo nice and clean.
*keyboard modders have entered the chat*
What about all resin keyboard 🤔
I love these two sooo much and I love the project but the keys are ever so slightly crooked and it will bug me till the end of my days
0:00 holy 💩 I thought joob died plz don’t put sad intos in your videos
Project idea! Lowes has fake snow flock (like the velvet flock); what if y'all made a keyboard with winter themed resin keycaps for some of the keys and snow flock the rest of the keys?? 👀 Also I love you guys!
Evan : this  video- Me: pauses video My mind: Clickbait I’m used to it😒
i wonder how much money they pay on their bills
♤
two words: tooth keyboard
This is so cool! You could totally sell these on Etsy! (Please? 🥺)
the F and J bumps just look like splinters XD
Not going to lie, I'd pay so much money for that keyboard. Oh my god.
The wonky h tho *eye twitch*......
Most families: And here is the randomly selected wall with all our family photos! So cute! Evan and Katelyn: Do you wanna see the Keyboard Hoard™
1:30 Dave Grohl?!
YOU SHOULD MAKE THE LAYERED KEYBOARD SO YOU CAN SEE THE MECHANICS AS YOU TYPE! Basically putting toothpick stilts on the keys. Encase it in resin and you got a keyblock and not a keyboard. So like what you did at 1:03 but a functional keyblock;) hahah. That has E&K written all over it. As a kid I loved the 90's aesthetic of see through electronics because I loved to see the inner workings and function as you use it. So this project would be awesome to see!
THEY REMEMBERED THE LUBRICANT!!!! Even on the stabilisers which I find a lot of people forgetting about completely.
Have Evan & Katelyn see the offical Scrabble keycap set from Clackeys??!!
You didn't add supervisor approval! 😣😣😤😤😑
This was my favorite ad read yet 😂 I can tell y’all have been keeping up with the love is blind drama
"I have full faith in the confidence of my plan." -Evan 2022     That is my senior quote officially
How does it conduct electricity????
You should make a resin or wood scramble or chessboard or checkers
Katelyn you clean up nice.  👍🏽
It's so cool! Now if only the caps lock key was right side up 🤔
i hope she gets that key board  lol
I want one so bad 😢 how much??
Watch it on .5 speed. It's hilarious.
3:16 I thought Evan said “Censored”
damn this is nice
you guys should male a full sized keyboard with a number pad and arrows
I like how they were saying that they want it nice and square and its all wonky.
i feel like evan. when me and my brother argue about the same thing with different words, we're both like, "BUT I SAID IT WITH MORE WORDS THAT ARE LONGERRRR!!! SO UHHH YEAH I WIN AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
15:50 "It all comes down to better switches, better ingredients, papa johns"   keyboard looks real sick. 10/10
Evan looks like Jesus when he brew the beard and long hair 😂😂😂
Scrabble looks better without rgb imo, so glad the classic board for scrabble isnt light up 😂😂
Now that you guys have made keyboards from nearly everything, can you make one from chocolate 🍫 or even soap 🧼
can you make a resin wrist rest?
The first part lol
I would like a full series of "Listening for Love" on Netflix immediately
Couldn't you have used the real scrabble letter scoring instead of just going from 1-26?
weird al in the intro with the hair
I want this key bored of looks awe someee great job on it!
Have you thought about selling some of these types of keyboards?
This is my fave sponsorship they’ve had. Katelyn was literally amazing and is so good at acting bro, it sounded like she was actually crying at the end lol-
That Raycon promo was 🤌
Soooo awesome!!!!!!!!
this is the only channel where i dont skip through the sponsorship sections. These stories are beautiful
I just realized you put the = and the - in the reverse places LOL! Anyways this was really cool!
I feel so invested in the sponsor part, that I crave a whole season 😂
every time you guys spray tears on your eyes i'm sitting here like "please don't be the bottle full of alcohol"
Hahahaha Katelyn “I just don’t know if I’m ready to commit” 😂😂😂
This really seems like something Rhett McLaughlin would of asked for
Love the walnut case but watching them cut such a thick. Pretty peice. Wasting 90% of the wood is so painful 😭
People: How unique do you want your sponsorships E&K: Yes
thank god he is totally not in the keyboard rabbit hole or he would have cared about thockiness and he would have a bunch of custom keyboards
This is literally the only Raycon Ad I’ve ever sat through! 😂 y’all are adorable and hilarious! 🙌🏼
You get a A++♡ Love ur vids and the goofy little sponsorships!
it,s ok  <3
"It all comes down to better switches and more lube" 😂
scrabble with a 1 point Q and a 1 point M sure would be interesting, Q never was good even at 10 but now it's the worst tile in the game
65% ?
I know this sounds bad but your getting a little bit boring like remember all your super large projects I miss that evan and katelyln I don't want do disrespect you in any way I'm just saying I miss huge projets. Like remember when you wouldn't upload for a month's and when you released a video it would be the best thing I saw in 3 month's. I mean this was a cool a a s keyboard
Bro they match my adhd chaos of a brain to a tee
The beginning was pure hilariousness
Three words “velvet wood keyboard”😮
Shopping apps are now trying to sell me scrabble! 😆 🤣
IT PERFECT SO CUTE I NEED! I don’t need:( I need but I don’t
Me using raycons to listen to this video
I have to say, slightly disappointed that even didn’t dress up as one of the bachelorettes
Big thumbs up. very cool
17:37 wowowowowowowowowow. i love--
I don’t even own a computer but I want this exact keyboard just to have it. 😂
i realize you said "F and J" but it sounded like "F'n J" lol
Yes 🐈
Yes cats
Nice switches!
I love how Katelyn just says " wow I just learnt something "🤣👌
I am SO upset. Y'all had me thinking Joob died in the first 10 seconds of the video. Iunno if I'm gullible or if y'all really just looked that distraught over the fact y'all can't send signals thru wood 😭
Wow the love, such beauty, such drama
Y'ALL GOTTA MAKE A MATCHING MOUSE.
This mid episode commercial was stellar.
Cute mix add love how you personalised it with a TV show and worked well with the project being classy
I have an idea! Glow in the dark Halloween themed keyboard. Idk how long it takes you to make a video though. But yeah!
I swear the sponsor segments are getting more and more unhinged
*Smashes keyboard*
Just commenting here to increase the reach of this gold content
Your sponser ads look SO good. 5 star. High quality. (ALSO I WOULD TOTALLY WATCH A SHOW LIKE THAT!! WHO DID RAYCON DATE WITH???)
Evan and Katelyn: are you ready to assemble 185 individual pieces  Me: you guys like Legos to?
7:07 "kittywampus"
That was the best commercial I've watched in a long time!! :) Also very cute keyboard haha
WHO DID RAYCON CHOOOOSEEE I NEED TO KNOW WHO THEY CHOSEEEEE NOW
Deep down we all know that Evan bought all those different wood pieces so people wouldn't call him racist
Never thought I would say this.. But I loved the add part 🤣🤩. Also, did you go from being 27 to being 26 years in that clip 😅.
You guys 3d printed the ket stems? I'm looking for replacement key stems if you bought them some from place.
Your videos never fail to make me laugh and smile, the energy and chaos you have and the end result of learning something and having a viable object is such a unique blend and so much fun :)
14:00 that's some risky business right there for a keyboard project lol. I'd be too nervous to get my hands that close to my router.  The end product looks amazing, though!
Love that y’all spelled Katelyns name like that 😂
now you need to make a wooden mouse
"wow wow wow wow" And just like that, Katelyn turned into Ryan George!
Make LED resin chess set
@Evan and Katelyn I made you some space joob fanart that my mum sent you via instagram plz check it out
Why drink AnW and not mug
You two should make a custom wooden scrabble set personal fonts and put the individual l.e.d. That respond to the copper field.
2:36  am I the only one that thought of splinters?
Listening to Evan talk about keyboards and not even having the gateron switches and lubing them properly had me rolling, then the "thonk" instead of "thock" had me ded
Still loving all of your projects! You both never cease to amaze me!  Have you guys considered making an ortholinear keyboard yet?
Hey Evan and Katelyn! Love ur videos! Been watching u guys for a while now and had a great time 😂 If u don’t mind, I have a request/idea for u guys. Since u made a wooden keyboard, how do u guys feel about a wooden computer? (Not computer made of wood, just the outside of it) I think it work great as a set! However u guys feel like doing. Keep up the hard work! ❤
Idea for you: make an atm
I need this so badly, take my money please.
2:18 is that a tma reference 👀
come for the keyboard, stay for the ad break
Not me thinking how you could possibly make a huge replica of this in Minecraft
This might be the first sponsorship where I want to see MORE of the add. Who will the Raycon chose?! I NEED TO KNOW!!
Only discovered your channel 2 days ago, loving it, you two are great :)
We might have named are black cat joobie but maybe not IDK
you should totally make a tilted keyboard
This is poooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop
The sponsor bit was amazing 👏 I felt like I was watching a sitcom and my mom even started watching 🤣 anyways, have a lovely day or night and keep up the amazing work ❤
U4T'S are great until you buy some Holy Pandas and make yourself a set of Holy Bobas. Strongly recommend
HELP 9:05 IS SO FUNNY FOR ME
In the racon ad the flip flops weee from Walmart 😂
I would buy that!!
Bro Joob is soooooo cute! (Sorry if I spelled her name wrong I forgot how to spell it!)
Actually totally amazing! Well done guys.
can u make meth next?
Evan kinda looks like one of my guy friends😂 it’s just the eyes😅
i love your channel
He sounds like nogla
Lol if I hadn't already brought and actually liked raycon ear buds this would make me want them.  Lol good job. Love it
Since it is october, i need to ask, how is bean doing?
You should make a Resin Rubik's Cube and add LED's if possible, and call it a Kevin Cube.
OMG, the keyboard is amazing!!!!  Would you consider selling it???
woahh. i remember the first time i watched you guys you were at like 800k! look at where you are now
I made a terrarium and realized maybe you guys can make a video on cheap vs expensive terrarium kit
Oh my god! The keyboard looks amazing!♥ I have one question tho ^^' just from curiosity. How much do you think this keyboard cost with all of the work and materials? I'm gonna say like 800 to 1000 dollars:D I think it's a bit of a overkill but I just really like it ^^ Good job guys♥
0:57 Wow! What a majestic presentation! 🙂
what an wonderfull job, mercid'avoir partagé cette expérience avec nous !👍👍
it's nice to see how popular this channel got if i do remember corectly the last time i watched this channel it had around 100k subs i think now that i look at it it has 1mil subs congrats
The most beautiful keyboard I’ve ever seen istg I’m not lying! I wanna hold and own one
i thought of the periodic table
Katelyn im so sorry but i have never had flaming hot cheetos until today! My friend let me try some after school i may or may not have ran to the store! 💳💸💸💰
me knowing that the keys are uneven
How much would this keyboard be worth? Like with all of the work gone into it im curious of the labor costs of how much that could retail for
Ok one that looks amazing and you did such a good job and two, I need an asmr video of this amazing keyboard
I’ve been watching you guys since 2018 and u guys have managed to keep me interested
It’s fall! Are you gonna do the resin pumpkin tradition?
This video was so funny that I disrupted the potato cat.😅 your form of Joob I have broken the law you must NEVER move when a flooofy cat is on you or any cat for that matter.🐱🌷🐈‍⬛🐈🦦🦔🌝
Wow, thank you for your kind words and using our switches.  Stupid Bullets Tech told me you bought switches from him.  Yes, I'm Gazzew - I sent you an email that you'd might want to look for ;) Keep up the great wor
For two people who have experience in making wood translucent you really over thought the wood choice for the keycaps on an RGB keyboard.
when i didn't think it was gonna al be made out of wood
That keyboard would be perfect for playing SPLINTER Cell
perhaps you could sell the CNC files on yetch shop?
Buckling spring
its "wood" or "different kinds of wood"....wood is both a singular and collective/plural noun.
cutting board keyboard
make a matching wood mouse!!!
GIMME RNNNNNN
It might not be possible but I think it would be cool if they made a case for their raycon earbuds maybe with resin sense there are only cases for AirPods
What’s is Evans major I want to do the things he does 🙏🏾
shh don't tell them the 7 is crooked
It's all fun and games until you get a splinter.
Maybe I'm just watching too much Game Theory, but I kinda expected Austin's voice at 1:27
I kinda like Rhettified Evan…
Need more listening for love?!!!!
I love your videos
The mechanical keyboard hobby can get pretty expensive. Glad to see you did some research and ended up with Boba U4 switches! They are some of my favorite as well. Still basically the best tactile switch on the market (that is readily available).
I would by the heck out of a scrabble tile keyboard!
I did  NOT expect to be so close in age to katelyn
_ALPS_ Switches. Go forth and enjoy that empty wallet feeling.
Hey i lov your video abaut resin about pen can i see you make resin fountain pen
Could you imagine the dust in the key holes
Make some RGB Scrabble pieces now
So keyboards are just like my other interest, switches and lube is both very important.
Katelyn acting like a reality tv star is iconic (Always use alot of lube)
anyone know what song it is thats played at 17.01 wen they present the keybaord and the subtitle say epic music?  ive alredy looked true the description but i cant find it ^^'
Why do you guys feel like a M + F ship but in a bisexual way ???
Imagine they have kids   How chaotic will the Channel be😂😂
its not supervisor approved through :(
Thought they were gonna say we’re having a baby
What if they made a keyboard out of glass?
Holy moly, what kind of tape did you use to hold the wood in place? I need some of that in a bad way
Everything about this video is just so great!
I really love that keyboard and I really want one
They should hang all there cool not used keyboards somewhere and just keep adding to them over time.
👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
You should paint with melted candles (use the juice of the fire)  I’m obsessed with you two❤️ found your channel about two weeks ago and I have watched your content every chance I’ve had since
now you need to make a wood mouse😂😂
If I buy a  Stepcraft CNC what should I select on it what do you suggest .
I love this, I love everything about this and I want one.... But how am I not seeing anyone commenting on the Caps Lock arrow pointing down/is upside down 🤣
That keyboard ASMR though... 😻
Great now I really want to make a keyboard
You need Numbers Are Hard Merch too
Gosh Katelyn you are one stunning woman! Both in the red dress aswell as in work clothing! :*
17:38 That moment when Katelyn auditions for Pitch Meetings.
Switches and lube. But this is totally not THAT kind of channel! Its keyboards people!
Best sponsorship video yet
Just a note, though you're probably noticing by now, purpleheart and pink wood are both tropical hardwoods and they are very sensitive to uv light discoloration. Purpleheart turns black without a uv protectant, and the uv protectant only slows the process, and the pink wood tends to bleach or yellow depending on variety.   I got really into woods for using with my jewelry work, so I researched all about the different patterned and colored exotic woods, how to stabilize them, and how to try to protect their colors. Exotic hardwoods are exceptionally finicky and unstable though they are gorgeous. One of my favorites is lacewood, though if purpleheart was more stable that would definitely be near the top as I'm a sucker for anything purple; tiger wood is also nice. Right now Orangewood and Wenge are very popular, as are Purpleheart and Pink wood.
I WAN IT GIB MI
All I learnt was that more lube helps it glide better
I want to buy this !!
I hope your ad rates are really high, cause people actually want to watch your ads. I even showed this ad section to my wife cause it was so fun.
Just recently found out about your channel and I absolutely love your videos! You've almost instantly become my comfort channel and luckily I've got more than enough videos to get through the next weeks. <3
Can you make a fake grass keyboard
I hope the sponsors paid extra because y'all always do the very best and the most for your sponsorships no one on YouTube puts as much effort as y'all it is adorable love you guys
lol evan spraying his eyebrows in the intro
It looks so good but it bothers me that some of them are crooked
the best sponsor i will ever see
If you use a dremel you could probably make the stabilizers out of wood too.
The beginning almost killed me man I've been sick for a long time now probably like 2 months now and I've had a horrible cough and that was laughing so hard and I was coughing at the same time I couldn't breathe I was gasping for air while laughing and coughing man I almost died because of the beginning I'm still gasping for air as I write this comment I might have enough air by the time I've sent it in though
7:05 never heard of "kitty wompus" but that sounds cute <3
"WE" liked the pink and the purple heart. lol You are the queen and Evan is the peasant so I'm sure he didn't have a say.
To a point you guys will need a "best of" or a top 5 list of ads you guys have made!😂 Such a performance!! 👏👏👏🎊
The Dicecraft look up their roto cast test. It's your level of chaos.
it has the thonk thonk but it needs tha clickety click     this comment was left by the Blue switch gang
I have hardly a clue what’s going on since this just dropped into my feed but now I want that dang keyboard. It’s so extra I need it I’m my life
This remembers me of a thing made of wood that shouldn't be made of wood by a guy called Mr. Osman ;)
thank you for the asmr moment. it was what the end of this video needed and you delivered, for the viewers. bless.
Katelyn looks incredible all glammed up 🥰🥰
You guys do too much for your videos to be interesting why not just make the thing without the terrible comedy
The six and seven are crooked.
REMINDER TO RESIN YOUR STIR STICKS
I want thiss
At the start I thought they where gonna say that supervisor died  but ig never assume
For a second there those switches were a bunch of popcorn.
I have never wanted a keyboard more in my life
Everytime you guys make something awesome and unique like this I really wish I could reach into my screen and feel the keyboard and type on it! Your craftsmanship is amazing as always. <3
Y’all are the only ones where I actually sit and watch the part where you talk about your sponsors instead of skipping through it. Great job making them entertaining.
Notice how Joob is the Control Key - because she is the one who is truly in control. lol
I imagine coming up with video ideas is somewhere along the lines of   Kaitlyn editing a video...  Evan runs in "SCRABBLE KEYBOARD"
I love the “cat”rl key 😂
i wish i could buy one holy moly its so pretty
I always love the sponsored parts of your videos but this one truly knocked it out of the park 😂! Good job guys! I’m sold!
WHEN EVAN STARTS EXPLAINING HOW A PROJECT GOES AND HOW OVERWHELMING IT IS!!! if you actually dont diy you dont know.
What was the keyboard you have connect to your comp? That looks cool
can you guys please do a cheap vs. expensive crochet kits video?? i would love to see you guys attempt to crochet and possibly fail
Purple heart wood is nice but hot dam that 💩 is expen$ive
This has got to be the most beautiful keyboard to ever exist. I want one.
You guys should make wooden finger boards and resin fingerboards
14:21 the next beautiful thing you make is a baby, I need Evan handing y’all’s kid a power tool(safely ofc)
The ONLY channel where I look forward to seeing the sponsored segment. It's getting better and better haha !
Y'all keep thinking of the most unique ad reads, they always entertain me the same amount as the rest of the video, great work! <3
Never forget the lube! 😂
My dog ate a bunch of scrabble pieces.... so i think him to the vet. No word yet
More tears! We need more tears!!! 😭😭😭
Kittywampus definition: (slang) Disorganized; poorly done; chaotic. adjective.  THIS NEEDS TO BE MERCH!
Katelyn, you look so sophisticated ane rich in the Raycon ad!
Great idear but didn't you forget the sublines like hashtag,  pragraph, slashes all the special signs and so on? I would need them even if I like the keybord like it is.
Super in love with this keyboard. Would love to get my own !!!
You two are a fine balance between immaculate attention to detail and utter chaos. Never change!
this is definitely designed by people who dont have to clean it.. except you do have to bc its yours. theres so much stuff thats gonna get stuck inside the letters lmao. hand oils, little crumbs, dead skin, hairs, joobie fur... youre basically gonna have to scrub up and use this keyboard inside a plastic bubble
sooo tiny keyboard ! its absolutly not for gaming :P but it loooks soo cool tho :)
“I have full faith in the confidence of my plan” Gonna need a motivational poster with this
Evan and Katelyn Here is a challenge:. Plastics, such as resin, are terrible for the environment.  Can you find ecologically sound alteratives to resin?  To get you started in the right direction, you might consider researching cellulose. Also consider environmentally safe ways of placing a clear coating on wood.  Previous to the 20th century many solutions existed that are still available today.
I was sad cuz I thought you got rid of the clicky keyboard noises at first.  But then you let me listen to clicky clacky noises.  Beautiful work!
But I said it with more words, so iiiiii win!!! IM WHEASINGGG
Ok this sounds weird but you should like cute wood and make paper for a video idk just an idea
Katelyn: "Feels like velvet!" Now there's an idea! How about a velvet keyboard 😂😂😂
I really love a good clicky clacky keyboard and I feel like this would be that.  I need this in my life.
If any keyboard manufacturers are listening, I would easily pay hundreds of dollars for a quality wooden keyboard like this. This thing is a dream.
So, I would 100000% pay good money for this, and I don’t like mech keyboards really…
*spray spray more sprays later* “can u tell how sad I am 🥲”
Katelyn: "uh oh... Is it fitting?" Me: "Might need more lube."
The project was fantastic and the ad was really fun! Thanks for such wonderful content.
The H annoys me. It is crooked
Evan jesus
Okay, I paused the video because I need to talk about that ad. Katelyn showing her acting prowess! Such a fun time watching her play as different girls on one of these shows ✨ masterpiece! Also, I had recently watched their closet organization video and I feel like she found a bunch of dresses in that process. Probably ones she hasn’t worn in a while because of pandemic 🥲 such a fun time. Thank you guys for your creative ad reads. Well worth watching.
sweet
Yeah I don't like this keyboard but as long as you guys are happy with it
I LOOOOVVVVEEEE THIIIIIISSSS!!! 😍😍😍
The ad spot was fantastic! 😂❤
This is what I needed today, today was not my day, and after the first ten seconds, I was already wheezing from laughing. I love you two so much!
I burst out laughing when I saw the escape key design.
suggestion: make a bean bag using baked beans because there is not enough bean content in this channel
I love how katelyn is always there to reel Evan back in when he’s getting a little mad scientist
Speaking of scrabble. How about a scrabble board that lights up through your tile piece when placed on the board!! Do eet
I want to know who raycon ended up with .. lol
the way they even make the adds entertaining is so impressive omg
Cute
I thought JOOB DIED caus of the beginning lol 🤣😭🤣
Jesus, your sponsorship skits are incredible. I loved this one. I know you guys probably want to see comments on the actual video content, but I'm still watching... Keep doing amazing things. We love it!
The electronics have to be conductive, which means metal, but the board supporting them could be wood instead of plastic.
But, how did it go for Raycon?
These ads are getting out of hand.... And I love it... lol
The way my brain broke at the *_"I have full faith in the confidence of my plan."_*
There are ways to make electonics in wood.
she's excited .....for more lube
I legitimately wish I could buy your keys, I hate how thick keys tend to be. Everything about this is so amazing.  Also, thank you for sharing the switches you found - I also use browns and hate the wiggle so much!
What a high quality duo. I haven’t had this much fun watching a youtube video in a whiiileee. You guys are awesome!
Try to make a keyboard out of silicon please🙏🏻
I was about to get so mad that there wasn’t a sound test and then boom, ✨keyboard asmr.✨ I’m a very happy camper..
This is gorgeous !!!!   @Jazza check this out!!!
I really like the look of the keyboard except for the fact that a lot of the keys are not in line with each other and crooked. I feel like there could have been a better way to assemble them Maybe with some kind of jig to make sure that they were all perfectly aligned. But it's still really cool either way just That there's still a little bit more room for improvement on the design
- Yeah, that's what I just said. - Yeah, but I said it with more words, so I win.  You guys are something. XD
You should make a wood mouse now
Oh wow wow wow!!! LOVE THe sponsor advert!! Now I want RayCon too (hahaha)
Ahhhhh I want oneeeeeee
👉👈 I don't got money to spend for it yet, but can we Pleeeeease get a "Nerd Out Moment" shirt and merch? XD
Oh nooo another one fell in the mech keyboard rabbit hole 🤣
Me starting to buy the items yesterday I need for doing my whole home reno by myself
the ad got me laughing
What is the obsession with adding LEDs to everything? I had a mouse with LEDs and every time I wanted to watch a video in the dark, I had to put a magazine over the mouse to block out the light.
mmm pretty sus that you didn't mention how you did the cutout letters with unsupported inners
Is this practical
wow  this keyboard is fire! but don't set it on fire... it's quite flamable!
Well now I need to find a laser cutter.
Please please please produce this
that ad is incredible, keep up the amazing work guys!!!
I thought this was gonna be a try vs. Buy because I've seen soke beautiful custom wooden keyboards before, as well as like a 50 dollar one on amazon.
Bro, I hope raycon pays y'all out the wazoo! Priceless. 10 stars.
I know very little about mechanical keyboards but what little I do know is you must always lube your switches
but who did raycon choose 😫
Missed opportunity to engrave cats on the caps key 😭
Must say the add was your best one yet 😂 😂 😂
My brain: I bet they’re gonna do a wood toilet seat next, oh wait…
okay i need to know who raycon choose tho
I know nothing about mechanical keyboards but I've recently become obsessed with Glarses on YouTube, so when you said you've been using brown switches I immediately burst out  laughing 😂
Katelyn looked like a million bucks in the ad
Man I miss the days of the old school clicky keys
I live for y'alls ads.
I will buy one of these from you….because I don’t have the resources to make my own. But I am desperate to own one 😂
Looks stick
I know you guys spent months on this project but I want it
I think it speaks to Evan and Katelyn's scripting genius that I genuinely enjoyed watching that ad break, even after I had to view an existential dread type documentary about advertising for a class
you guys used to be my favorite youtubers but your cat obsession has just driven me and many others away. it's one-dimensional of you guys and pretty boring and repetitive. I recommend getting a dog, that will force you to go outside more and socialize in the real world and maybe save  you from becoming crazy cat ladies/men.
Katelyns eye makeup after being sprayed: (TT)
Oooh, Evan is really getting deep down into the mechanical keyboard rabbit hole! Lemme tell you, the only thing that saved me from that addiction was my ADHD. Though if someone paid me to design and assemble a custom keyboard for them, I'd do it in a heartbeat. Also, I noticed Evan showed off the reduced amount of wiggle from the switches used for this project!! There is actually a way to reduce wiggle without buying all new switches (though I do love buying new switches for each keyboard). You can buy something called "switch film" which sits between the top and bottom parts of a keyboard switch to reduce wiggle. I lubed and filmed some gateron milky yellows and the resulting sound was absolutely beautiful.
Wow! 8 love this keyboard!… I want one
Thanks for making your ads just as enjoyable to watch as your content! 😆
Collab with hipyotech?
Wow, this is my favorite project yet. The colors of the wood veneer are so pretty, and I am glad you guys rounded the corners.
i really like how the sound test kinda sounds like dropping a bunch of scrabble tiles on a table
That's fantastic, I want one.
Okay props, your sponsor section on this video was amazing. It's incredibly rare that I actually enjoy watching the sponsor portion. Bravo!
Speaking of keyboards, I would love to see a review of the Cloud9 keyboard you are using!
1:17 I'm expecting to hear Austin pop up 😂
I only have 3 dolers🤑 can i buy it plz
Who did raycon chosse tho they left us hangin
My only thought during the ad: Who's mansion is that?
Kattywampus,  not Kittywampus ...lol keep up the amazing work you all.. we need more star wars themed resin stuff .
The keys... some are crooked and it's making me pull my hairs out
evan how do you feel about raycon stealing your wife?
loved the asmr part :)
so beautiful!
mmm splinters
Where can I get my own? I need this (as a variant with NUM pad and macro keys)
You guys should collab with Wyrmwood Gaming!
How excited they got was so pure
Filling the letter holes with resin could be an interesting project. I don't know if I would like to game on keys that have inner edges.
More lube, more better.
I want one
I'm wondering if anyone noticed that the - and the = keys were switched at first 🤐
wireless led scrabble tiles ?
Normally Evan and Katelyn do things like this for a reason. Now they are just finding ideas and thinking: “Eh this will work”😂
I think this might lead to a new project idea…. Using wirelessly powered leds under laser cut scrabble pieces with the scrabble board being the power device…. Just a thought. 😂
Me: *listens to you talking about how hard it was making the keyboard Also me: Ok so….. are you going to make a periodic table keyboard now?
You Should Add A Nose Sticker On The Laser Cutter Switch So You Can Boop It Everytime You Use It.
So good, I think if I had a wooden keeb, moths would have already eaten it, there are a lot near my house
wow nice jobs 👏 👍 🥳🎉  hope i can see one of them and buy it 🤞
So... so you guys know you could have used stock/product pictures to do a photoshop mock-up, right? Did you already have a plan for the other veneers...??
Is the caps lock inverted in the final shots? I got confused in the assembly edit.
The sponsor ads get fancier and fancier by each video.
"But I said it with more words! So I win!" That's my husband's argument all the time.
y mean you could make parto of the switches from wood
Make it ergonomic and take my 💵💵💵
I sometimes I skip like 4 or 5 videos ao I can bing watch you guys. You make me so happy.
They have fallen to the rabbit hole...
Wait you guys aren't 27 are you? I don't want to be older than you
Is your finger get hurt or stuck in letter hole?
Tsk tsk, didn't make the plate out of wood? Whole project is a scam! Jkjk, great project yall, love all your vids!
I want this sooo bad... <3
:)
This is a super cool video with a GREAT sponsorship segment and the final result was ✨✨BEAUTIFUL✨✨ You guys are so talented!!!
as a noob mechanical keyboard enthusiast, i want a wooden keyboard SO BAD. but even the cases aren't as readily available as metal ones so i went for an alu case for my newest build hahahaha :"  but it's ok im living vicariously through evan and katelyn!
❤❤❤❤ It looks sooooo cool I want one!!!!! 😍 😍
Another one lost to the rabbit hole, welcome good sir 😂😂. A few short steps to the next rabbit hole inside the rabbit hole, artisan keycaps. The sheer plethora of discord servers I'm in all result from this hobby 😂
Bro!
As a wood worker... Curly maple is 🤌🏽 perfect. The whole color palette is great.
Omg it's so beautiful 😍  I would love it if you made this available for purchase on your site 🥰
very impressed by the disected keyboard stand
lmao your raycon ad is so funny GJ guys
Okay but that Raycon ad was pretty good-
Your keyboard is lovely, and I love the custom keys and the lights. Well done! Always love your sponsorship ads, they're great ❤ Kaitlyn's Bachelor show was hilarious.
Anyone else actually rewatch a sponsor ad for the first time?
You two make the most creative ads and I love it
I WAS SO WORRIED THE FIRST FEW SECONDS 😭
That does look really cool! I imagine your house like a little gallery, and when visitors come they are first guided from room to room to appreciate all your little projects (and are forced to sit on the velvet toilet xD)
I have no idea why but I want to see a round keyboard. Like a circle. Like the opposite of an ergonomic keyboard. One so un-ergonomic that it gives a stroke and arthritis in one sitting.
So many crooked keys...
Kittywampus 😂😂 I love it
I WANT this keyboard!
I haven’t finished the video yet but I just have to say this sponsored segment is probably my favourite yet 😂😂😂
Evan literally spraying like his life literally depended on it XD
this looks so satisfying to type on omggg
I’m currently redoing my future dining table (it use to be my moms) … this is my first time doing this big of a project and you could say my husband is somewhat annoyed…😅the hard part is done though so hopefully I can get it finished soon lol
so good, loved this video so much
what keyboard is the pink, blue, and purple keyboard? its gorgeous and i want it lol
Running all those keys over a round-off router must've been absolutely TERRIFYING
I want one
Is there any way to make the keys less crooked?
I hate clickbait >:(
You guys remind me of pat and jen and I love it. 7 years ago, they were my childhood but then they brook up and pat started dating someone else. I miss pat and jen and i wish they could come back.
Can we just talk about how much work even and katelyn put into there sponsorships there so funny and it makes me interested and I love watching them tjere the only ones u don’t skip
Spectacular!
I have Boba U4s in two of my keyboards, they are my favorite Cherry-type switches! The only ones I like more are the buckling springs in my Model M and the pine white alps in my Alps board.
next, make a wooden RGB mouse to match
The file's link no workie.  STL?
As someone who is also a keyboard enthusiast, someone who actually explained how switches work is very refreshing! I love the keyboard and the smooth, flat keys are very slick and nice.  Also, all that extra veiner could be used to make wooden rings. 👀 Just a thought.
Kittywampus… are you kidding me Katelyn lmao.
This turned out so beautiful! Can someone please explain how they got the middle of the letters like A and O to stay though cuz it seems like magic
It came out beautifully! =)
I'm only here for the sponsorship ads at this point 🤣 I love the ✨extraness✨ and creativity!
Please make a Kitty Wompus
did Evan say more lube makes it feel better?
sad there are no arrow keys. but other than that the keyboard looks magical and i would love to have one made!!
Wood computer??
It's Cattywampus genius. Not Kitty...
didn't know klyn was an actress
Seriously, definitely top 5 things you guys have ever made!!! So cool
is no one gonna talk about how katelyn said "kittywompus"??? Haha I love your videos guys!
Anyone else just here for the sponsor? 😂 y’all are brilliant
I could watch an entire video of pure sponsorships from you guys (and that's saying something). You've managed to make it so entertaining haha
Music at 13:12 reminds me of de blob 2
This keyboard would be awesome for a wood styled pc lol
The Raycon add drama surprised me
been done... many times...
Have a child
Katelyn great use of the word caddywampus!!! One of my top 10 favorites words.
daaang! who knew wooden keyboards sounds so good
SO. IMPRESSED.
Hear me out: squishy keyboard. Maybe foam keys. Maybe silicone so they are a little wiggly jiggly and squishy.
3:44 clown from DBD laugh
Psycho Kreig Shouts REASONS!!! at 2:11 like if u understand the reference🤌
I want one!  Can you sell a kit?
Omg i love it   looks amazing truly but im not sure if you guys know that purple heart and pink ivory woods have a tendency to fade over time so your accent colours may eventually look somewhat greyish   A simple workaround to this would be to use NGR wood stains on curly maple to get the desired colour with much less fading over time and possibly even more vibrant colours depending on what you like
Since you guys have so many veneers, did you want to look into wood veneer rings?
why not 4k?
My daughter had an idea for a future video for you guys. She was thinking you could make a resin lightsaber.
Anyone else notice some of the keys are crooked? particularly around the H? Looks stunning though!
DISCLAIMER  I just want to start off by saying that I loved the video, loved the concept loved the execution and it was STUNNING! Now what im gonna say next is constructive criticism it doesn’t mean I don’t like the keyboard, because I love it so much I wish I could have it.  With that having been said: at the end of the video when doing the glamor shots, the perfectionist in me couldn’t help but notice the out of line keys, and I was honestly so heartbroken for you, it took so much time and I’m sure you noticed it too. Now perhaps for next time you could print out the spacing between each key as a guide that has a slight taper to hold keys in place and can clip onto the casing that you can flip upside down arrange all the keys upside down and then clip it onto the keyboard casing so even if the switches have wiggle room you can still ensure that visibly perfect keyboard look!
Oh my god it’s a cookie cat keyboard!!
First thought with wood pieces that small: splinters.
Brilliant, absolutely beautiful but... It´s going to get really disgusting after any prolonged use. Wood will soak in all the oils and grime from your fingers and since every key has indented letters and symbols, dirt and grime will accumulate in them. Resin filling the letters/symbols and varnishing or oiling the wood would alleviate those problems.
It is absolutely gorgeous!!!! I was not expecting it to look as incredibly cool as it does with the RGB
I've seen a person do the case without gluing the border to the bottom by hollowing out an entire piece out of oak wood. I like your economical approach(with the frame) better. The seam won't be that visible and saves some precious wood for future projects. A+
Katelyn is gorgeous! the keyboard is adorable! <3
You can combine all key ideas 3D printer base + wooden top cut letter but cover with flock(velvet) + cut part refill with resin.
Me: They are literally spraying their eyes, HAHAHAHAHHAA Also Me: *Starts crying from laughing too hard 😂
This keyboard is epic. Can I ask is the Q in scrabble worth less in America because over here in Blighty is worth 10!!
Katelyn always giving these looks when Evan uses a word like lube, and he never notices in the video.
So, no resin to fill the cutouts for the letters and symbols?
This looks amazing! Not sure if you tried this but instead of trying to align the keys by eye, you should have created 2 indexing edges. And just index every key against the same corner.
i chose to belive that the entire time they are making this, there is a pumpkin slowly rotting somewhere in the workshop
After Evan removed the wig, I had a horrible thought of Evan if he shaved.
You even made the commercial for your sponsor fun to watch! Thanks guys!!!
I just want to say I think an underrated💜 part of the video is the awesome art piece that is the deconstructed layered keyboard shelves.
Katelyn: "why are we walking to the cnc?" Even: "heh heh heh"
y'all this came out SO beautiful 😍🥹 i will be dreaming about this keyboard 🤤💭
Super cute and cool wood keyboard! Good job!
E&K: "What is the first thing you think of when you think of wooden square letters?" Me: "WOOD BLOCK!" E&K: "scrable!" Me: "oh"
I looove the wood scrabble keyboard concept. If it were up to me I would lean fully into the scrabble theme and not mix it with rgb gaming and cute symbols, but hey, you do
Now this, is a gaming keyboard
i want, i need, gimme!!
I would love to order a custom keyboard from you guys ❤
In the great words of Bobby Duke - "I want that"
The keyboard is the coolest thing I've ever seen, and I'm fully invested in watching a whole season of the Raycon reality show. ❤️
This keyboard is amazing and it is sensory too witch is great
GUYS DID YOU KNOW YOU COULD FOLD RESIN???? Look it up I- ?????
I love it! I would definitely buy this keyboard it is epic. All things wood, purple heart wood is my all time favorite wood.
I would have done the w a s d keys in the different color
I love this SO much!!!!
God I thought joobie died or something at first
This came out amazingly! Great job you two!
1:14 “Dear Scott”
CASSIDY
I THOUGHT THE CAT DIED!!!
Gotta have that root beer, mug is superior. Stop buying a&w
the keyboard turned out awesome! those feely things on the F and J keys must've been so much fun to put on
oh my, he even got the 205g0 i'm impressed!
Is that the Monteverde Tool Pen?
can totally see that you two are making full use of your wardrobe now that it's organised XD
This is literally my dream keyboard!!! This is so amazing!
You have gone the extra little bit and replace the cord with a braided one in the same Color scheme ;)
love the look - nice work 9/10 (if only it had a tilt)
Raycon dude would be crazy to not pick all three of them
Amazing job, on the design, the case, the sponsor ad, and the Nerd moment. Love it!
😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻 😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹
I want to see it with a fire animation on the gamer lights
you guys need to be designers for like "Think Geek" where they sell all those specific lifestyle things
14:31 Katelyn sounded like the Roblox "ouh"
Best thing on the internet
Every time I see Evan all excited and at the same time SUFFERING about all the variants of a project before it even started I can only think that he is a Pisces
9:26 ok that was the best sponsership ad of all time also great keyboard
If the sponsorship part was a real show, i would watch it lol
Reporting for clickbait!
I love watching keyboard videos and you guys! This video made me super happy! You two should try making wooden switches.
Just discovered your channel and really enjoyed watching it! The keyboard is so BEAUTIFUL, almost too beautiful to use. I will be back for more videos.
The switches look so much like popcorn🍿
Love this!!!!!
Amazing!
I cant believe Catellynn is 26 she looks WAAAAAY younger than that!!
this would be sutch a fun kit to purchase, a little DIY assemby keyboard :P
I usually skip the sponsorships but I love yours
You guys should fill the letters in with epoxy
1) Amazing project as always but 2) omg Katelyn, way to bust out those acting skills for the sponsorship, holy cow, I was actually riveted by the end. (applauds enthusiastically)
I love the breakdown of the parts of the keyboard at 0:44, a great visual to understand the parts. Also, probably the best ad you both have ever done!
what about the f1-12 keys? do some keyboards just not have them?
Me, examining my keyboard while watching this video: PATHETIC
If you sand the top and if possible the bottom of the plastic part, the light would go through much better.
Ok, so how do I get one for my iPhone?
I love the moment when Evan accidentally made a pun in french and english, when he said “chunky bois” for the wood switch testing ! Any others who noticed the same? Haha
when the caps lock key is upside down for the whole reveal lmao but the keyboard looks great guys!
This is just golden content❤️
My cat Warrior is walking all over my phone as I’m watching lol
Oh my god! I can't believe this entire thing is not made out of wood! So much clickbait! The audacity! I cannot believe I have been duped into wasting my time on something that is not even what the title said it was!  (this is a joke btw. I just thought the opening bit was really funny)
I love this! But I gotta say the stars on either sides of the space bar not lighting up was really disappointing 😢 I wish they lit up more!
Oh no, you guys lied to us and click baited us... for the punishment you will have to make a gigantic Evan and Katelyn YouTube logo out of epoxy... 😈😈
Half wood at most.
grandma gaming
Wait, who did ray on choose?
I'm sure this has been said a few times but Kaitlyn looked so beautiful in that ad-break. Evan, you're one incredibly lucky dude!
This keyboard looks so cool. Well done! *Tiny claps* Now imagine somebody write a program, which counts the Scrabble points you use while typing a text. That would be fun!
Whoever is reading this, I hope this day will be a great day.   ❤
you should have filled the cut out areas in the keys with resin just to make them smooth but still let the light through, i bet it would get uncomfortable over time to use. but very well done and it seemed like a very fun project
You guys and Donut Media have the best ads! U both make em unskipable and fun!
I was so invested in the sponsored portion! I look forward to the series continuing.
You guys always make your raycon adds so unique every time love them!
Y’all make great Nerd TV!!
you are the only youtuber that I watch the sponsership ads of haha
Should make and sell this keyboard
i love this
It's so classy, cute, and cool! Is this the it girl of key boards?
did u get wood n use all wood including when the key connects to the board, not the electrical board, just where u attach the key!!
You lied to me about lying to me! lol😄
I bet they both say "That's so satisfying" while doing the deed. I just hear it so much in their videos.... I'm sorry for thinking this guys.
I feel attacked by that disclaimer. I'm not a pedant, you're a pedant. >:(
I think you should make a table that can go up and down so you don’t hurt your backs and necks  Like if you agree😅
This mechanical keyboard business is incredibly intriguing for a creative with lots of ideas. I feel it would probably financially ruin me to start down that rabbit hole though because I'd just want to keep making more and more. And realistically I can only type on one or two keyboards at a time ;)   Thanks for going the extra mile with your sponsorship spots to make them unique and amusing. I absolutely don't mind watching the ads when they are presented the way you guys do. And I love that you always have a progress bar on that section even though I don't end up using it because of how fun your ads are. Y'all are sponsor ad best practises role models :)
I feel like the sponsorship skit is designed after Evan and Katelyn realized how much fancy clothes they have in their wardrobe after cleaning it out 🤔
We need to see this with your wood and resin computer! 😍🥹 I’d love to see an uncut or extended cut of videos like these. I originally fell in love with your channel for the woodworking projects so knowing how on earth you used a router safely on those tiny pieces is interesting! Still an awesome video tho🎉
I wood buy that keyboard
Now make a mouse to go with it
Imagine getting dirt into your keys, not just between them, but in them
"That's what I just said..." "Yeah but I said it with more words so I win"   Don't ever change, you two.
I got you!! Oh we laughed 😂
should have oak-aged it
Where's the googly eyes for the CNC machine!?!?
Honestly, I would 100% buy one of these if you sold them. This is awesome and beautiful. Well done!
I can tell that the quality of these videos just get better and better and you guys are my favorite YouTubers :)
Are you guys going to have a kid
MOSTLY WOOD
And the Oscar goes to (Drum roll) Katelyn. This was an enjoyable project and video one of my top favorites.
Oh no, I want it so bad. Why must you make so many cool things!?
Best Raycon ad ever.  Ohh the keyboard is cool too.  But seriously, Raycon should give you a bonus for that ad.
Bow down to the wooden scrabble (tm) keyboard!    I love it.
This was SUCH an awesome priject to watch, I loved how it came out!
I love all of your videos, but this is one of those that ended up even cooler that I could imagine! I remember that I followed you guys after seeing the toilet seat video 😂 and when the resin keycaps video came out I decided I had to try it! Showing all of your process ended up teaching me so much and pushing me to just do it, cause even if you "fail" you learn something. Thanks to you guys I finally got a "standard" mechanical keyboard to showcase my resin keycaps inspired on your videos. And finally this last years with all what happened made me hit rock bottom feeling depressed like hell, but your videos still inspired me to do stuff and now I have a hobby that I love that is making polymer clay keycaps. If someone would ask me some time ago "what is your thing?" I wouldn't know, actually I always felt like lost but now I can totally say making keycaps! It brings so much joy to me and I started it all thanks to you!! ❤️
i cant stop seeing the crooked six and the crooked g
They're Chetney, incarnate.  (If you understand this, I like you, you little stinkin' critter.)
Can we appreciate Katelyn for committing to multiple glamorous looks just for the sponsorship 😂👏🏻💖 yes, Queen
"Laser cut keys (EMOTIONAL)" lol XD I love you guys 🥰
I love this channel so much 😭
want
Is Katelyn somehow cuter in this video? I don't know what it is, the hair, the glasses? She cute and super pretty in the ad. Nice acting too And Evan with the Jesus mullet... kinda cool, like one of these dudes being bros you meet at a metal concert. But he also looks very happy in this one. You guys are pretty ^^
What is yall make a fake cute resin and would computer for juby so she can edit with katelyn lol like reson as the screen and would for the key board like this one but not working like an Actual keyboard
I love how Evan went through so much effort and thinking to cut out that little side "hole" of the base on the CNC when it would have taken 2 minutes to just saw it out and clean it up with a chisel. 😅🤣😭
LOOK I JUST GOT INTO MECHANICAL KEEBS HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO MEEEEEE.  Beautiful keyboard and I love the spacebar especially!
Cool to see a cameo from Steve Burke of Gamers Nexus at 01:30!
That was the best raycon ad I’ve ever seen
So, a good switch always uses lube…. Good to know… 😏⌨️
What keyboard is at Evans desk in the beginning?
Can we talk about how BEAUTIFUL Katelyn was in the ad section???
The aggressive spraying by Evan in the beginning 😭😭❤️
Best partner announcement EVERRRRR!!!!! I Loved It! Keep the awesome work! Love from Portugal!
Sorry guys, Q should have 10 points by it
when are we doing a keyboard together
So beautiful!!! A masterpiece keyboard
How to wrap it up?   Tada!!!!!!!
Katelyn got to wear all the dresses she rediscovered when cleaning her closet, good for her :)
This is now my favorite keyboard project of yours. Love how it all came together so nicely! Thanks for sharing!
Triple word score!
Y’all should do a breaking bad theme keyboard which is same thing just different colors and fonts
The ONLY thing I might do differently is fill the cutout spaces clear epoxy.  You may end up with a lot of flaming hot cheeto crumbs in the letter holes 😂
as a fellow keyboard nerd i appreciated the evan nerd out
Is NO ONE mentioning Katelyn's comment about digesting the keys?
I am admittedly not a fan of the color pink but on this keyboard I don't mind it at all.  Turned out awesome! 😍  The ad was hilarious too, lol. 😂 Great job guys! 😁👍
I think we need to defer to Bobby Duke on this one. It's 'wewd'.
At the start i thought joob died 😅
This advertisement for raycon was my favorite by far!
My favorite memories are playing scrabble with my mom. It was the only game nobody else wanted to play, so I got rare undivided attention from her and it was really special.   I know this is a pipe dream thought, but I truly hope y'all sell these or figure out how to get someone else to make and sell them. Because I'd absolutely love a scrabble key keyboard for working on every day as a reminder of the awesome memories with my mom. ❤
We’re gonna need a “trip to the chiropractor” video some day from all of this leaning over countless hours over a tiny table work. Lol
That Ray con ad was so well done by you two, I had to get a pair! You must have spent so much time writing it, filming and editing but well done! You got me 😉 also looove your content!! Highlight of my week.
why didnt you just use a dremel for the charger hole
You should try cherry mx blues next! Tactile clicky go brr
I'd totally buy that keyboard if I could, it's so nice! Your videos are always awesome :) Also, I litterary paused the video to finish some stuff when I saw the sponsored segment coming so I could enjoy it without any annoying sounds in the background XD
This is a good shot !
13:59 I wonder why I hear a hint of darkness in Katelyn's voice on "every individual key"
Ok that keyboard breakdown in the beginning of the video was such a nice touch
LOVE THIS !!!  & Not to add on another keyboard project but my Dream RBG Keyboard is like ALL LIGHTS and the only colored part is letters/numbers/symbols and maybe the sides just to add depth.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ The keyboard 9 out of 10 carpenters recommend.
Of all the things you’ve made this is the one I want for myself the most. Imagine the Etsy shop you could make
the Catrl keys look so cute
Best Raycon ad of all time ❤‍🔥
Omg I literally thought Joobie died or something at the start lol *Actress/Actor Plus 1000 points*         👇 if you agree
You gotta now make a wooden mouse for that keyboard
hi
PLS SEND WHOLE VIDEOOO OF THE KEYBOARD TYPING..  i wanna see ur wpm (;
bro katelyn looked so pretty in the sponsorship portion 😭😭 get it bae 💪💪
Yall are going thu a keyboard faz
I legit thought something was wrong with my TV when I started the video, with the colors washed out!
you can make switches from wood and magnets. check out void switches on youtube (Riskable 3D Printing or Riskable)
best sponsorship video ever
the ad😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 they should pay u A LOT
if you came here for the typing here you go 18:29
how long did it take to get the no error monkeytype lmao
Katelyn vs Catellyn... I need a follow-up episode of Listening for Love ASAP!
uhm, no resssssiiinn tiiimmeeee?!?!?!?!? WHAT THE HECK!?!?
Sorry if it isnt but is it just me or is the G key a lil crooked?...H deff is at least..
This is the coolest thing ever. Might be my favorite things yallve done! Just so cool in every way!!
Everytime I see a notification of one of your videos, I just get excited because I know I'll have such a fun time watching. You're one of the few channels whose videos actually make me giggle and, at one point, made my cry from laughing. You guys are just so wholesome and your creativity is out of this world. Great job once again, the keyboard looks epic! And props to Kathelyn on the sponsorship section, you're an actually super good actress! Thanks for the funzies you guys!
Use chop sticks on your hot Cheetos to save your hands form being Cheeto dust carrier's.
I love when a new Evan and Katelyn vid drops - golden all the way through - even love the sponsor segments. Great work and that is a beautiful keyboard!
The greatest AD ever made!!!! ♥️ 🎶
I love the Raycon ad 😂so Evan how does it feel for Katelyn to replace you with earbuds 😂
can you guys play house flipper again
cute! i love it!
Your adverts be so brilliant I actally REWATCH them
This looks so cool! The fusion of wood and arjeebee and Scrabble makes my little nerd heart sing!
Oh my God why did I think Evan turned into Jesus
I would love to see you guys continue making resin keycaps and eventually make a whole keyboard of them!
It’s super nice but the fact that the keys aren’t fully straight is really bothering me😔
E&K drinking game:  Everytime Evan repeats something he says, take one drink. Everytime he repeats something Katelyn says, take two drinks.
Truly shocked you didn’t cover the keys with resin????
17:37 Ryan George moment
“Have you ever started a project thinking it was gonna be simple and—“ yes, actually, every project 🥲 Our motto in uni is: Why make it simple when you can make it so much harder, but more awesome
Please mass produce
Katelyn SLAYED in those dresses!!
At this point you two are going to end up with an all wood casing gaming pc
even the add was funny.
Planet
dry ramen noodle epoxy keyboard pls!
😅🤣😂🤣😅😂🤣🤣🤣😅😂😂😂🤣😅🤣😂😂😅😅🤣🤣😂😂🤣😅
10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
This is so creative, if it's for sale I would  buy it!
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
Oh,I wish I could order this! It's perfect for my Scrabble buddy! Beautiful work, once again.
oooooooooo
Ooooo
That commercial spot was so good! I might buy them even though i already own some
don't you think a clear acrylic keyboard would be interesting?
Don’t get splitters.
I love how you got a perfect hybrid of clack and thock with that keyboard! Bravo guys!
I MUST know what raycon think of all these random ad ideas 😂😂😂💀💀💀
You know yall need a 10 key num pad right?
Ok. This video is such a treat. First - the exploded view of the keyboard layers is such a nerdy satisfying science adjacent segment! Editing is so clear and fun. Seeing "Techno Evan" was fun; the engineer in his element!  The special key designs are so extra. Love the fact that you guys are able to use the CNC and glow forge. Great fun understanding engineering this way. The Raycon ad was *chef's kiss*! So clever and funny. Made me smile. Glad to see Katelyn got to keep some nice clothes from the closet organization. Makes me want to check out a new keyboard. Well done! Congrats!
Whatever Raycon is paying you....they should triple it.  Hahahah. I never miss your ads.  That red dress....MEOW! ( cat pun intended). Haha.   Have you tried Wood PLA?  I know it's not 100% wood...
omg the music in the final reveal was so perfect for that
Was anyone else irritated that the keys were somehow all slightly crooked??? It’s driving me insane!!! How can you live with crooked keys???
They should make a completely clear keyboard next.
whats the keyboard at 15:36 ?
Love the Space Key ! It is so obvious, yet i´ve never seen it done. Brilliant!
I wonder what the neighbours would be thinking if they saw Katelyn talking to some air buds while making an ad 😂
CNC wood keycaps next!
That's a pretty amazing result! I'm into mechanical keyboards, not build-my-own into, just buy-and-enjoy into, but this project kinda makes me want to look into custom building one.  I hope LGR has seen this (a million people probably sent it to him by now), because he would probably be ordering a CNC laser cutter and router by now if he has!
I kinda expected the letter keys to be blocks from an actual Scrabble game haha.
more minecraft pls
I need y'all to come up with a keyboard people with acrylics ect can use
the letter Q = 10 not 1
I can totally relate to Evan's frustration at this kind of project. That's basically me every time I do any electronics project. Design, prototype, more design, buy more parts, more prototyping, more designing, order boards, find problems with design, so more design, more parts, etc.
Just wanted to say the “layers” display was very satisfying for some reason! 😋
At the end when Evan held the keyboard in the air my instant taught was Lion King 🦁
Ohh yeah, that's a good physical exploded view of they keyboard. 😁
So...... how many keyboards do you guys have exactly? I mean there's wooden ones, velvet ones, galaxy ones, you guys should really experiment with squishy resin and make a soft squishy keyboard!!!
I became emotionally invested in Listening for Love and truly hope it comes back for the next Raycon sponsorship
That “it’s so cool it’s so cool!!” When it lit up was so cute, you guys are amazing
Magnets to hold material steady in the glowforge. That is clever, gonna have to borrow that idea.   Thank E&K
Awesome as usual ❤ And couldn't skip a second. I have 4 mechanical keyboards already and thinking of building my 5th after this video.
Reminds me of the computer Robin Williams used in The Final Cut (2004).
hi
Man, sometimes I wish you’d mass produce these projects and sell them to people
kittywampuss 😂
pretty cool idea
I must pause and comment: what are those thingies that Evan uses during the 3D modeling part? Do they make long hours spent typing on the keyboard easier for the hands?
That is a gorgeous keyboard. You could go into business with that or sell them to Nieman Marcus.
I loovee the wood colours so much omg
"neither of us can count"  NUMBERS are HARD
i'll become a creator youtuber too, all of them seem to be getting free cnc mills
There was no joob and this is my favorite video so far keep it up and I have a idea make a mood ring table
I just had to pauze the video to applause for that ad 🥳 that was amazing! I'm so glad Y'all have so much inspiration still! Like 😱 the same product over and over as a sponsor and entertaining us with different scenarios! I alwats skip through the sponsor parts in videos but you guys have me interested the whole way through!  I may not become a customer for the earbuds, but dang do I get hyped every time Y'all talk about them 🤣  Alright back to the video XD
Evan: "You're a maker now, Harry"
Looks great, would've probably loved to see resin in every keycap's letter holes because it most likely doesn't feel that great to type on :< Still loved the video, keep it up :D !!
I love how much effort puts into the project
The custom display stand you made for the exploded keyboard was a genius move to explain things to people.
Looks gorgeous!
I Whant I Whant!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please make  and sell >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Whats next a resen toilet seet 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"better switches and more lube"   Strange, I seem to have stumbled into a very different area of YouTube...
omg do a mouse next :0
You just raise advertisements to a new level xDD The way you presented your sponsor was sooo hilarious and creative!
It looks so satisfying! But won't dust stick to the lube and gunk the keys eventually
Switch it up and use lube, got it :D
You always brighten my day, when I'm sad I watch you, you are so wholesome and sweet <3
best project you've made so far. it looks and sounds absolutely amazing. you could probably make an entire business around just selling these :)
Am I the only one thinking ***PRODUCT TO SELL***???
Amazing sponser segment😁
I love the space bar and the kitty ♡♡♡♡
Classic - you funnies!!!
That ad read was perfection. 😂
0:13 my dog stepped on a bee 😩😭
Can we get evan that extra large keyboard? His hands are way too big for normal keyboards 😂
18:30 child literal, chills
sooooo cooooolll!!! but the h seems slanted to me....
OMG where did you get the mx stems!!! I need them for a broken artisan cap!
Wow… what a lot of work. It’s really beautiful. And the ad 😂. Love it all.
now i want to have a full size keyboard made of wood. the F row all of the home insert and page up buttons along with the numpad of course. i cant live without the numpad... like seriously why does EVERYONE make these not even 60%? keyboards as of late? Guess i got yet another project on the bucketlist
I love how they said they didn't want waucky keys but every time that they're typing on it I'm just looking at it it's like the cricket the cricket the keys are a little bit crooked they're slightly crooked they're not they're not staying straight it's bugging me
You guys are werking for your paid sponsorships, yours are the only ones that actually entertaining to watch! Also love how cute the keyboard is, the keyboard series is so great!!
The opening was everything
Ok, Katelyn is always beautiful, but in the ad read she looks extra gorgeous.
a little clear resin in the cutouts would help protect the letters from wear and tear and have a better feel while typing
The ad is at 8:00
mint😶‍🌫
Katelyn's acting was top-tier!!! felt like I started watching the bachelor
Katelyn -- the editing this past couple of months has been STELLAR!! makes me cackle every time and the video feels incredibly professional. you're a STAR!!
I’m watching this on my TV, and I dove at my phone to write this comment:  Does anyone else watch purely for the personalized ads? No, just me? That’s fine. 😁  Note: I’m kidding, I watch it all! I love you guys and your creativity and charisma! I’ve been binge watching and background playing your videos for 3 years now! Keep up the great builds, can’t wait till I can set up my own workshop! 😁  But the ads are definitely my favorite. 😊
EARLYYYY
You have made an exceptionally cool and beautiful thing. The Scrabble tile idea was a masterstroke
You are experts now. Confirmed ✅
Things you might also hear in the bedroom: “it all comes down to better switches and more lube”
OMG you should try doing pudding keycaps (the ones from the white rattly keyboard) out of wood! Combining the technique of see-through wood on the sides (for the RGB to shine through) and opaque wood on top! This wood probably be another very huge project but it wood be very intresting, especially for regulars who watched the transparent wood video and the keyboard video series.
i love this video so much! the look of the keyboard, the custom keys, the raycon ad, the asmr typing with the wpm keyboard screen like those videos, perfection.
I love how all (my) niche intrests come together with this video! Them being: mechanical keyboards, woodworking, DIYing, married couples. You two are great! And the vids are always so much fun!
you guys are probably the only channel I'll sit through a sponsorship for.
Next time a wooden mouse and the whole set would be complete, since you already have a wooden pc. Maybe even a wooden monitor? XD
Joob = Control. That’s all I took from this video.
*light wood laminate, light wood laminate!*
Amazing job, that looks so cool.  The wrong number on the Q makes me sad though… 😢
Now I want to see a set of custom made thocky keycaps made of Iron Wood and Resin.  Would that be thocky ... I mean WOOD that be thocky?  Edit:  I also want to see this mod on a Wooting 60 HE or a Wooting 2 HE, think I would prefer the 2 HE because that's my favorite keyboard of all time. LEKKER SWITCHES GOOOOO!!!
You forgot to get it supervisor approved.
this is the coolest keyboard ever
catrol keys lol
What is a little number on key mean?
Can we talk about Evan in a suit tho! 🥵
What a fun video! Great project. I wonder if the the keys are gonna be crusty/dirty with the engraved letters.
The keyboard reminds me of neapolitan icecream lol
Umm...you may want to double check your = and - signs...
WHO DID RAYCON CHOOSE?!?!?! TELL ME PLZ \(T^T)/
I hope they pay you so much for the ad reads because they're amazing. <3 If I didn't already have some Sony earbuds because I need the absolute bestest noise cancelling...
I actually thought the sponsor was an ad, i kept looking for like skip button. It was so good tho!
What a wonderful job, you can see the attention to detail (like the rounded edges for each individual key) and the commitment you put into it, congratulations
I would buy this keyboard in a heartbeat if you guys sold them
Can you make silicone legos to play with?
... that keyboard is gorgeous and I want one, but I'd never be able to afford such a masterpiece! Well done guys. I love the escape key in particular.
The commercial break 😂😂
It kinda looks like flesh. Looks okay with the lights though.
You guys are the only people whose ads I actually enjoy watching. I appreciate the level of commitment to the bit here 😂
Love the outcome of this! It looks so satisfying to type on. Perhaps next time use a hand saw instead of jerry rigging the CNC to cut a simple notch? 😂
Looks amazing
love the keybord , it would be awsome having that on Braille 🤩
Turned out Beautiful!
It is ok to be Jebaited as long as we know it is click bait.  Lol.  Your videos are entertaining no matter how it turns out anyway!  Good Stuff!
your videos are my happy place : >
Love the keyboard and my son is a mechanical keyboard nerd, so I appreciate where Evan is coming from.  However, I can't leave without saying...Chef's kiss on the Raykon Ad, Katelyn deserves an Oscar! I was dying! 😂
I'm still early in the video so might not be relevant but any thought in haveing acrylic inlays for the letters to keep dust and gunk from building up in the keys? Also keep up the great work, love your videos.
Katelyn in that red dress, DAYUM!
WAIT WAIT— DID RAYCONS FOUND LOVE??? I need to know /j
I love everything about this!  Ur Awesome!   And how much money do u get for the raycon ad?? Even that is so Fun to watch. Every other Youtubers Ad gets skipped by me but not yours :D
The keyboard looks fantastic, but that raycon ad was probably the best ad I've ever seen!!
Yer gonna have to hold the kitty if you want us to know you're truly sorry for your actions.
Is this going to be available to purchase. I would love a keyboard like this. OH MY GOSH! Nicely done. And that Raycon ad is so awesome.
Aesthetic and ASMR
🤣🤣🤣 the beginning was so worth it
Not everyone wishing they had this lol
I loved the vibe of this video😊😊
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh ! There was no resin time.
With all the keyboards made, Evan and Katelyn should start displaying them on a wall.
Love the stacks to explain the keyboard. That’s brilliant and beautiful
If only Evan and Katelyn had a 3D printer there is a filament that is wood and it would be really cool bc it the actual texture of wood!
Someone get Evan a standing desk lol
It's BEAUTIFUL!!!!
Are these for sale?! Lol.... seriously!
... Guys how much time did you spend on that exploded keyboard display?
the ad was everything 😭😭
Can yall make a keyboard where the keys are soft? Like a gummy consistency?
That was a very creative ad I loved it lol
Kitty-wampus? 😹😹
I think impulsesv and his son would enjoy one of these
I literally said omg seconds before Katelyn did 😂
had a really rough long day and this is just what i needed
I love it!!! You guys never cease to amaze me and I wish I could type on it omg. And the sponsor breaks are so funny and good omg
I totally want it! 😍
Wait a minute... You drink A&W Root Beer????  I thought people in the USA hated it or don't even know what it is :O  Also, if I could wear in-ears I would buy Raycons... but they bug the crap out of me, get uncomfortable and give me ear infections so... yea... I have to have over-the-ear style :( :(  See, Product Placement and Advertising Works! As that's the only comment i'm going to make about this video which I am watching from start to finish, but not mentioning ANYTHING about the entire purpose of the video!!!! woohoo!!!  btw, you guys are awesome :)
This keyboard is by far my favourite one you have made yet!!!! It looks so classy and satisfying to type on. I want one so bad now. Great job guys!! You are amazing!!!!!!
I wonder how the weight of the keycaps effected the switch! Lighter or heavier?
Evan and Katelyn have the best adds of any youtuber, you can't change my mind.
missed opportunity shoulda added UV resin in the letters
This is your best keyboard yet, I bet the velvet one would be jealous (I say as though it developed sentience, let's hope it hasn't).
what about fully acrylic keyboard with etched letters and rgb lights
i love that raycon earbugs use they/them pronouns in the evan and katelyn sponsorship cinematic universe
... Am I considered early? On webtoon standards this is very late, very late. But I'm now thinking on YouTube this is considered early, right? right?
That looks awesome, would love to know what it like to game with. How about the idea of RGB scrabble board next. Have the tiles light up like your D&D dice when placed on the board. 😁
lol, indiscision and ordering thousands of parts before you know what to do with them. Welcome to making christmas light shows... you have to buy all your supplies when they're in stock, they won't be in stock if you wait till you've planned everything out.
Katelyn deserves an Oscar for this sponsor performance 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I got my joob plush today and its so cuuuute 😭 the lil rainbow heart is everything
Best infomercial ever
My question, did you factor in skin oil buildup staining prevention when you the wood keyboard. Otherwise there will be a circle on all the keys eventually after a lot of usage
T-shirt idea: “when in doubt, use more lube. “
Seriously a beautiful keyboard. I want one so bad!
1:16 so what does he immediately start eating? Cheetos, the kryptonite of keyboards.
This is probably your best ad yet. You hit the required script perfectly (I'm sure they were pleased). Very romantic.
Future video and video title idea: "Can we make wooden veneers out of wood veneers?" like, for teeth.
🧡⌨️🧡⌨️🧡⌨️🧡⌨️🧡
I thought Evan with the beard and hair was Steve from GamersNexus for a brief moment.
Not all wood 😢
Beautiful but the 6 and 7 bother me
Okay not going to lie, that sponser was epic.
The way you guys go HARD for your sponsorships >>> LMAO
I already thought of that. Electronics wouldn't be wood.
Wanna send some.of that dolphin double sided tape to Canada? We can't get it anymore!
LOVE
You mean you're not playing online scrabble?
Okay but this sponsor portion is epic. It’s everything I didn’t know I needed  Also the project rocked!
I love you guys ads. Y'all are so creative and every way.
I didn’t feel clickbaited at all! This is exactly what I wanted when I saw the title/thumbnail!❤
Over "board"... Bc, wood. Right? Haha!
ahh so satisfiying so good perfectcto ahh i need one so good cool perfecto
I love the lowkey solarpunk vibes
Want!
This is the perfect comfy gaming keyboard
I'm curious... how much more materials would have been used if you designed the keyboard in an ergonomic shape?
OMG the Raycon ad in the middle was so good. Also this is one of my favorite things you created. Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Made something that even Bobby Duke, the Wewd King, would be proud of. 👍😃👍
Omg!! It’s so beautiful!! I want one lol
So who gets to use the new keyboard?
They have made so many keyboards what are they doing with all the new ones and key caps etc 😂
When the adds are just as entertaining as the project..
I’m jealous love the RGB with the wood, who gets it? Also it may have already been mentioned but did E&K mean to put the caps arrow pointing down?
that sponsored segment was incredible and katlynn looked so pretty!?
Your videos are the only ones I ever thumbs-up because of the ads
okay this might be the BEST ad skit yet KDKDKSJDNDK
Catellynn, with two L's, one Y, but it's not where you thiiiiink
*Bobby Duke "I want that" intensifies*
Is it wrong to think Even looks good with long hair.
The keys are not straight and it's making me anxious :')
The Raycon AD is magnificient. Great Job.
thank you E+K the keyboard is lovely :) but less than E+K
Evan with the wig on looks kind of like Rasputin lol.
I see that Raycon got their money's worth.
Love it, I want one
we need a keyboard tour of every keyboard you guys own 😂
I too cry from my forehead.
Kiddy wompus, i learn new things everyday
The perfect keyboard for that wood computer case from a ways back
Katelyn seemed cool and I started rooting for Catellynn too, but I'm disappointed we didn't get to meet the troublemaker of the house: Queightlhinne
Good job on acting Katelyn!! Luved the fake cry and everything🥰🤭
What ever is Raycon paying you they gotta make it double for making such ads
I Scrabble tile keyboard is something I didn’t know I deeply wanted until now.  Also Katelyn’s sparkly dress in the sponsor segment is amazing!
I know this is not supposed to be my takeaway from this video but.... during th commercial, that's dress!!!! The red dress for the raycon and is simply amazing!! You are so beautiful and you two make amazing videos!!!
ads fire 🔥🔥🔥
The only channel that I don’t skip the sponsor/ad.
Love the nerd out section! Please do more of those I seriously get hung up on details and love the explanation and solution in nerd talk yessss
I didn't know Hagrid was so good at 3d modeling. Glad he took over for Evan.
U always make it up to us <33333333 Also can we make an actual show where ppl wanna find the perfect earbud for themselves? Or like the perfect tech they’re looking for?
Damn nice keyboard y'all!
Cool, howja get Hagrid to be in your video?
Evan & katelyn are the definition of “Special best friends”
I need to know, did you put ham under that green dress?
10/10 intro made me cry for hours :(((
I love you guys so much! I had a dream last December that you guys stopped streaming and I cried when I woke up then realized it was just a dream.  Lol I thought of that dream again now. Thanks for being silly and not changing ! ❤😂 you’re the best!
Scrabble eSports, when?
At first there was Little Lady Jesus...and then...one day...there came Jesus Al Yankovic
Best. Ad read.  EVAAARRR!!!
I love watching these videos with my raycons I got for my birthday and knowing that I'm helping :)
have you guys thought about filling in the letter hole in the induvidual keys with resin?
I lowkey thought the beginning was gonna be like a pregnancy reveal.
4:29 every essay ever lol
Every DIY project I do, ends up 10x more in cost that I think it would be haha
Such a good video!  loved the admission to click bait at the start, as always the sponsor content was fun, the process was well presented and project looks fantastic. Only thing missing was the CTRL-er Aka. Joob (nice pun!)
The final keys aren't perfectly aligned, but that actually really works with the scrabble aesthetic. When playing, they're never perfectly aligned (no matter how hard I try), so it actually looks like a scrabble board.
16:10 G E N T L E   P E R S U A S I O N
C'mon Evan, you know you need to make the wooden plate too don't be coward do it 😂
I honestly forgot about the keyboard I was so involved in Raycon's search for love
5:59 Oops the Q key should be 10, not 1.
I've been diligently watching your guys' amazing content for years and never miss a video but just realized youtube still unsubscribed me!
Ok but now you need to make a RGB game of scrabble with those tiny lights you used in the LED dice. That would be cool!
Your Raycon ad is hilarious! You guys are so entertaining!!
The keyboard is amazing, but that Raycon ad stole the show omg 😂
EXCUSE ME. Katelyn is 27 ?! YOU ARE ONE YEAR OLDER THEN ME...Brb going to go reconsiter my life
Best add ever! 😂
That's so cool! Wait, why didn't you fill the letters with clear resin? Will the edges of the letter cut-outs wear on your fingers? But still really cool! Thanks you two!
Because of Even & Katelyn I found out, in a fun way, that keyboards need lube. 😳😳😳🤯 Being an A-Sexual I'm surprised, intrigued & glad that lube can be used for something useful & enjoyable for once. ... Thank you? ... For bringing lube into my life. *Head scratcher!*
Ok but who gets to keep it Evan or katelyn
me want that.
I love this ❤
Is it weird that I'm only curious about what kind of wrist supports those were from the beginning, and where I can get them? 🤔
I have sooo many resin projects due to your influences!   I love y'all.
haven't finished the video yet but that has to be the best ad yet.
Welcome to the community of keebitis sufferers! Keebitis is a lifelong and debilitating (to your wallet) disease. You appear to have the linear subtype. A custom cable could help your symptoms.
Brown woods are my favorite kind of woods!
Evans excitement chaos really shined this video
love the cameo from Steve @ Gamers Nexus at 1:30 hehehehehehehe
Katelyn spraying herself twice for a bit. Evan spraying himself with half the bottle cuz water go brr
9:00 wait no Who did he choose NOOOOO
What 3d software do you use?
I've never been physically angry that I don't own something before 😫 that keeeeyboard, it's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Scrabble is my favorite boardgamemand the keyboard is my favorite computer accessory.  It's shaping up to be a good weekend
That was literally the first advertisement that I not only didn't skip, but watched multiple times.
We still love you both even if we are clickbated
Monsters!!! How dare you lie like this!!
I don't know how much you are getting paid to do these ads, but I know you must get a raise.  IT GETS BETTER EVERY TIME
Can I just say, the sponsor ads are hilarious, I love them so much
a keyboard you cant alt f4 on
Great, i’ll take 3 please!
That's beautiful, très chic, magnifico, muy genial, kei gaaf 🇳🇱 NL.
The last couple minutes, when you’re needing out about everything, I was also needing out. Loved allllllll of this project!
Wow that ad 👏👏👏🤣
I love that Evan is officially out of the cherry mx brown woods and using some nice switches.
The ad read looks like someone just cleaned out their closet and found some hidden gems. (See previous video for details)
At this point, I think raycon keeps on sponsoring E&K just coz they are genuinely entertained by their ads. hahahaha🤣😂
thats dope.
wait. i want this. i want to make this. can I download/buy the plans for this?EDIT: commented early. you can get them.
would love to see this set up with that wooden/resin computer tower you guys made a while back. now all you need are wooden monitors and mouse to complete the set.
Now make a second one so each of you can use one. Maybe one for every pc on the house
can we just take a moment to appreciate the fact that E&K never fail to make their sponsor section of the video entertaining??  u guys r the only people that do that 😭💖
I have never wanted an Evan and Katelyn creation more. The special keys!!!! 🥺
Today's soap opera add was chefs kiss
gosh darn it you guys are getting so good at this stuff
Lowkey, I would watch a show about Raycon earbuds having to choose between possible partners--
The sponsorship portion 😂😂
BEST ADD EVER!!!
I think my favorite quote is "na na na na na."
What do you do when you get into a fight and are mad at each other but have to make a video?
Best ad I've ever seen 😂 I love your keyboard videos so much! Just what I needed to help me through being sick. ETA: It's beautiful!!! 😍
I love the Lego sound at the beginning
Iss ✨BEYOODIFUL!!!✨😳
Oh hey I didn't know Steve from Gamer's Nexus moonlighted as a CAD technician. Nice to see Tech Jesus on another part of YouTube
When the Raycon ad played, I literally said out loud "what on earth am I watching". Then I hit the like button.
Did Katelyn really say "cattywampus" as "kittywampus"? Because 😭❤️
SO beautiful! I squealed when the dark shot showed off the lighted keys
Katelyn for next Bachelorette
WOW that is such a super awesome fabulous keyboard,  I WANT ONE   great work!
Raycon ad was SUCH a win - kudos!
That looks so good!! I wonder who won the fight to actually use that keyboard 😏😏
So Evan is married to She-Hulk?
Who did raycon pick?!!
Are we not gonna talk about the epic commercial for Reycon!
A cool nerd fact : -    They weren't very straight  💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚 Yay !
I thought for sure we were going to see Engineer Evan
I always love the sponsors you guys do. Genuinely makes me want to buy the sponsor. Definitely do a good job at selling the products. As of the actual keyboard and products you guys do I love them because I have can always do the projects. There’s always a bit for everyone to try. Keep up the great work ☺️
You guys need to make your sponsorships more boring
6:30 dang f'n j's XD
I enjoy word games! This makes me happy. This channel makes me happy in general. Thank you for posting and bringing joy to people. If I was to ever buy a fancy custom keyboard I'd tell them to put no lube in it because I love that typical loud plastic keyboard/typing sound.
love yell
Amazing!
I think that was the most touching but also intresting advertisement for raycon you guys have ever done Maybe even all your advertisements
Nice
That raycon ad was the best I've seen! Amazing lol
..but did supervisor approve?
Evan and katelyn should make a resin rubix cube
Great job, stay safe guys
Now I wanna know which girl raycon chose
Anyone who doesn't watch for #1 The Chaos and #2 Katelyn's reaction to said Chaos needs to take a moment and think about what they're doing with their lives.
That moment when you can take Evan totally out of context when he says,   "It just feels so much better, and all it takes is better switches, and more lube."  😂😂😂
TODAYS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDD OH MY GOODNESS AKJSFDHHDS (also the keyboard is so frickin cool. banger video all around)
I needed to see this for my mental health. Thank you
THE SPRAY BOTTLE--
4:20 thats called mansplaining
Now you have to do something with all those wood pieces Ewan ordered... 😁
I was waiting for them to pour resin on the letter holes.
I just want to say... I love how creative you two are when it comes to your ads. I just absolutely love it! typically I want to skip the sponsor  adds, but with the way you two do it I find it hilarious and so entertaining to watch! Although I personally do not like ear buds with gel tips (I dont like ear buds in general), but your adds are so awesome that I want to buy a pair lol.
if only it wasn't a 60%
The sponsor got me crying 😺
14:40 "Guys, I have fallen down the mechanical keyboard rabbit hole" He says as if it's new information, in the ~5th? keyboard related video on the channel.
I love how the cat is the 'control' 😂.
I saw that rootbeer can, now that's a true lad right there!
Its so pretty!! Amazing work!
That Raycon ad 😝
oh my god, guys 😭 the quality of your ads are just getting better and better
omg the gay scrabble keyboard
Brilliant!  And I liked Evan's nerd-out moment, which made me remember--from years ago--an article in Maximum PC magazine (which no longer exists) that covered three different types of keyboard switches.  The article wasn't exactly "scientific" but more a matter of opinion, because the switches were rated on tactile feel, clicky-ness (sp?), depth of pass, etc.  To each his/her own, but it was an interesting article.
Wow this looks amazing. Could you recommend a mechanical keyboard to buy? I really want one but can't work out what to get
am i the only one getting bugged about h is not square
Omg u guys and ur sponsorship skits never fail to entertain 😄
you guys did some top notch raycon add just -chefs kiss 🤌
Best Raycon ad yet. Across all of youtube
Just saying, the plate could be done with wood too.
well, im glad to see the wig from the last closet makeover video make a comeback 😂 1:34
Even there tears were a lie...
Am I the only one who wants to buy Raycons after watching that amazing sponsor sketch?
I guess E+K wanted us to get this one to 696,969 views!  Also, Katelyn, you looked a-ma-zing
(haven't watched yet) When i saw your Instagram post yesterday I wasn't expecting this!!!!!!
I love watching you guys get creative with these keyboards. As a computer gaming nerd, these type of videos relax me. And yes even with all of Evan’s chaos.  It would be cool if some day you guys could make a video of fully customizing a keyboard for a fan! I would love one personally inspected by the supervisor.
Oh boy, here comes the wooden toilet seat 😂
I actually made my own keyboard January this past year. Ironically, I got the Boba U4T silent as well. Good thing is they're 100% fine without lubing each individual switch too 👍. I like to say I type on silent crunchy leaves and I still love them. I still hope to explore making my own artisan keycaps.
The add the editing the keyboard! this video was amazing all around you've out done yourselves😌👏👏
Those ads 🤣 So much love
Best Ad yet!
one of the best ad reads
Okay but now, a full plexi keyboard? Love this btw, maybe this'll be the reason to finally invest in a glowforge for myself! (Custom keyboards)
Custom resin screwdriver handles let's see it!!!
wOOOOO
As someone with sticky keyboard, I appreciate this on many levels!
Omg Katelyn looks amazing in all those fancy dresses for the sketch! 🤣😍💃
Holy crap I LOVE THE EDITING ON THIS VIDEO.
6:31  Ignore this comment it’s just for composition ideas
oooo this is my fav of the makes I've seen so far! so creative and cool  ps katelyn, the red dress from the sponsored bit looks stunning on you!
OMG Evan looked like he was punishing himself with the spray bottle. 🤣 BAD KITTY!
I would like to try this one. I think I’d also change the WASD keys a different color too. Love the idea.
Was given this idea by misreading the title but... May I suggest *A CAT SCRATCH KEYBOARD* I'll show myself out now lmao
With all of this WEWD, you attract other YouTubers.
Wow I would totally force my mom to get that keyboard if it was for sale. It’s the BEST keyboard in my opinion!
Finally we get to see the video. After all the little sneak peaks.  We get to see it all come together. I can’t wait to see the new favorite keyboard in the future. I wonder how long it will be before the new one arrives.   Omg the advert in the video. When you do your advertisements they are always unique. They show your personality.  I so want one now. It turn out wonderful.
Honestly they should have ads as funny as this 😂
I- I have never felt so betrayed in my life...  *Sprays eyes with water*  I- I cant believe you would do this to me... to us! How could you!? I *trusted* you! Only for you to do this... why...  Whyyyyyyyy...
katelyn is so beautiful and evan is so handsome and they're both just such funny and hardworking people I :')
I want a wooden keyboard now 😭
What if you made a gummy  keyboard not edible  though but like a bouncy like a gummy 🤔
That Raycon commercial though.....top notch!
The keyboard feels like sci-fi-meets-cottagecore and I love it
Evan coming back from the 3d modeling looking like Taiki Waititi in Our Flag Means Death 🤣
Honestly other YouTubers can’t even come close to Evan and Katelyns level of ad content. This is the only channel I don’t mind watching the sponsored bits when they have them! That raycon ad was the best 😂 they are the reason I have mine now
wow, that ad read... amazing.
first 30 secs of the vid "ACTING" very nice.
yeah the switches are a key feature
I wonder how ortholinear would look with the Scrabble aesthetic 👀 Love the build E&K! 😊
I'm wondering if the laser cut edges of the legend will get uncomfortable... The legends could get filled with resin to remove that edge?
This looks so cool! I can’t believe they do these types of things in their freetime
It looks good but I wood never be able to get any work done with all the missing keys. Knot your fault, the root of the problem is the keyboard manufacturers design... those saps. They alder know better. The balsa those people to design such a thing. Then again, maybe I am wrong and minimally functional keyboards are poplar with young folks like yew.
I wood really want this!
Omg I love this
I was wondering what the random numbers where on the keys then I remembered you said you where going to make Scrabble keys so that's how many points they are worth
looks awesome ! nice work guys :)
I LOVE you guys! The Raycon promo had me laughing pretty hard! Bravooooo!!!
Can we just appreciate how much effort they put into these ads?Also Katelyn you look fantastic!
You should do Silicon or Resin Lego bricks.
……how many fancy dresses did Katelyn have to buy for this ad? 😂
Anyone else think of Ceave Gaming when you heard the 3D modeling music at the beginning?
Spend several months making a keyboard and suddenly realize there's only one keyboard for two people....priceless 🙂
Ok so this is absolutely amazing! I do have to say there is a channel that reminds so much of y’all, they are called Answer in Progress. Y’all both do this fun and educational vids!
Ok but when the sponsor spot is just as good as the main content! 👌
Small detail you might consider. Make that wooden part that you normally put the tiles on while playing Scrabble to "rest" (display) your keyboard on.
My favorite crafters have found the hobby of mechanical keyboards. AND they added a sound test🤣 It's GORGEOUS and I love it!!!!
Dang Katelyn looking beautiful.  Haven't watched a video in few years.
Your commitment to your videos is incredible. The ideas are original and you can see all the work that you both put into them. Thank you! ❤️
Were the 6 and 7 keys straightened out? And I think the fgh keys area as well weren't straight
💖💖
Man I need someone who has the tools to make my every random ADHD thought a reality :(
Idk what raycon is paying you guys, but clearly it's not enough 😂
i need to know who Raycon chose 😂
i always get so excited when i see a new vid omg! yes
10:16 the amount of views it got
You guys are absolute marketing geniuses. Your adds are pretty much the only ones I don't immediately skip because they're just so entertaining in their own right
I already knew what in the intro it was fake when I saw the bottle I I knew it was fake and also I am sick but I think you can do it and if I look through this video I know you would do it and I love you guys hope you guys can ask this stream again so I can actually see it
As a Kaitlin, I'm HOWLING at the different Katelyn spellings in the ad. There's so many spelling variations and not all of them are great
LOVED the sponsor portion for this video 😂😂😂
THis is soooooooooo cool! Also the sponsor section was awesome! I would kill  to have the skill you all do. You thought of that and then MADE IT!!!! How cool!!!!!!!
That sponsored skit for Raycon was so absolutely over the top and I loved every second of it :')
omg that was the best raycon commercial ive ever seen so far! lmao
So they are acteurs!
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
14:50 - Nerd Out Moment With Evan: Mechanical Keyboards
**Bobby Duke has entered the chat**
this is the best raycon ad i’ve ever seen
Okay but the sponsorship segment in this video is NEXT LEVEL 💍
Good to see the cat is in ctrl 🐈‍⬛
Wow, I really enjoyed this video. I even enjoyed that ad. It was hilarious & I thought I was watching a real TV show. 😄You guys also did a great job making that keyboard.
but that advertisement... LOL!!! Nice work!
Oscar worthy performance by Ketelyn for the ad.
katelyns sponsor outfits were so steller cute!!!
1:48- 2:07 that basicly sums up school and work :D
first: you're forgiven for lying in the title 🤣 second: that keyboard parts presentation with acrylic layers was soooo satisfying!
personally i like that wiggle that my keyboard keys have, it just wouldn't feel right if they didn't have it, plus those keys sitting flus next to each other also dont feel right to me, but as long as u guys are happy with it that is all that matters.
Ooh I'm a white switch hater. Blue switches all the way. This is easily the coolest design though.
I want one too 😍
I freaking love yalls advertising
looks awesome, I was expecting they make a some mold for the stem holder for resin, but can't argue with those results.
That was the best ad I've ever watched
You guys are the best!!! This is incredible!!!
i really like how you played gymnopedie no. 1
lol this is why i used ya'll raycon code over everyone elses for both my pairs
Soooooo of course you guys are oodles of noodles of fun to watch (and it always makes my day better when I see a video has dropped), but I gotta say - that Raycon ad was probably my favorite ad you guys have done. And like, you guys always make the ad segments entertaining and delicious. And that this one was the best one? Dang. Nicely done. :P (Also thanks for always being the neat humans you be.)
Your ads are the only ads i actually watch.
I had to get off my PS5 and come over to my PC just so I can make a comment about how much I love this one. This is amazing work you guys!
I loved your guys video today it was so funny and creative 😂
Imagine playing that one scrabble battle royale game with this keyboard.  Edit: 17:09 Is it intended for some of the keys to look not perfectly aligned with one another?
yep ! it showed this took months :))) u also included some wardrobe cleaning in there with all the outfits of the commercial :))))
The ad is everything 😂😀
I’d like to have seen them fill the key cap holes with resin for dust/dirt protection and because they are the resin champs!
Best commercial EVER
These sponsered segments just keep on getting funnier.
I feel like maybe the Bachelor themed ad was an excuse for Katelyn to expense those pretty dresses and I'm totally on board
Thank you.
i want !
And this is how a c&c machine ends up on my Christmas list, even though I'm between places rn 😂😅
Oh. My. GOSH!! This is  probably one of my favorite things you've made! I love the logo and the way the different woods go together so beautifully! I adore the little cat keys too, thank you for being such fantastic people!
Yoooo yippee!  Pff got me there leds out of wood would be neat Ah I’d happily watch hour long videoes on your builds!
That is a pretty keyboard.
EARLIEST I'VE EVER BEEN
Please make a video about the super not another crap kit by NerdECrafter it is so cute✌✌🦊🦊🐶
I don't know if it's been said, but can you fill the letter cutouts with resin?  A slightly opaque fill might make the LED really pop.
kittywampus is the word of the day
Is there literally any way I could pay you to make me one of these????????🥹😍😍😍😍🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻
omg, it's so cute! I love it!
Where are the Goggly eyes?!
Omg the ad!!!
best goddamn show on youtube
Looking forward to seeing Evan at a future mechboards meetup! Now it's time to get you on smaller form factors. My personal preference is split 35% with lubed and filmed gat black silents. Welcome to the rabbit hole! There is so much further to fall.
I want one
Just when you thought they were done making cursed keyboards, they came back with another! And yet somehow, each time, their creations are beautiful and it becomes hard to actually call them “cursed creations” You guys never cease to surprise me with the amounts of creativity and problem solving skills you have. Keep up the good work!
Already love this video just by the layers placed out in the beginning lol
love it... BUT.... WY was there NO supervicer ??????????????????????????????
The Ad XDDDDD
Katelyns acting in this ad is Emmy worthy👏👏👏
I love you I love your channel and have much fun watching all your shenanigans but those keys are not straight and I cannot unsee it T-T
Wow this is awesome! I want one!
Tell me you just organized your closet, without telling me you just organized your closet  🤣
I should not want this as much as I do, this is SO cool oh my gosh
8:00 Katelyn is so pretty!
All wood scrabble themed keyboard, ummm yes
BEAUTIFULLL!
Why no arrow keys
I was ready to skip the ad…but no. It was great If you guys are employing an editor, they really should get credit. The editing on your vids is top notch.
omg...you didn't use your home key when you did the 3d modelling.  I feel so betrayed!
This looks awesome! How di you get the numbers and letters with holes to not be blank in the center?
End the video... with Supurrvisor approval test?! ;-)
thanks for the tutorial, now i can make a wood keyboard for my potato computer!
I usually skip over ad placements but never for yours. Brilliant project, excellent ad, y’all always outdo yourselves every video.
Does anyone know when evens birthday is because honestly he gives me Aries energy 😂
Do I ever start a project I think will be simple and then it’s not? All the daaaamn time.
These two are my celebrity crushes. =)
Yeees, the mechanical keyboard rabbit hole is great. Though expensive. 😂
Please tell me the subscript numbers on the letters work too when using Fn
This video is AWESOME! Also, katelyn’s acting is getting scary good. Their sponsor segments are the best
I want one😢
This is KEYBOARD GOALS! Beautiful work!!
Woukldnt have been faster to make that hole with chisel?
CLAIM YOUR EARLY TICKETS HERE!!!,!,!
16:56 Love the glamour shots at the end, especially this first panning shot when the lights turn off. Is that one continuous shot, or two spliced together? The music is a vibe too. Keep up the great work!
10/10
These ads are getting so elaborate 😂
The thonkathonk
Take my money- 😂😂 it’s so beautiful
8:49
Beautiful Project 🤩
Idk why but the cat being on the "control' key is just too funny to me. It's almost poetic!
not that you care, but the 30 seconds typing test was super quiet and i made it louder because i trusted youd use asmr rules and not say anything loud right after. Still, i was prepared to pause quickly after the 30 seconds. Well you cut off half way through and it woke my mom up. This is the first time i dislike one of your videos, i need to take my frustration out on something. Soryy no offense
Ooooh! The key color combo is like neapolitan ice cream 🥰
Awesome scrabble keyboard ~ I love it! ^.^ ♥ The sponsor scene skit thing was awesome and funny as well!
1:30 it's Steve from Gamers Nexus!
I've got to say the build is gorgeous and should pair awesomely with your wood and epoxy computer case
Is no one going to talk about Katelyn's dirty joke? 😄
That keyboard not having the Num pad   Me who plays MMO and RPGs : PAIN all i feel is PAIN  im so used to having my num pad keys be used to open different menus , like the crafting menus , or enchating menu , or trading menu , or even just the public online chat , or the games map , lmao . i cant live with a keyboard that has no numpad on the side , i love this wooden keyboard in design but nah i wouldnt buy to use it nope
I'm just waiting for a SQUISHY🦄👾🧜‍♂️🧜‍♀️ jelly keyboard next🤯
ahhh
Absolutely fantastic! Great job!
How did you deal with characters that had tiny "floating" pieces inside them after they were cut (A, Q, B, R, 8, etc)?
1:29 what's the name of this music
Has anyone else noticed the large branch in the background at 10:38?
My mum loves scrabble im going to make this for her birthday next year
Hang on just a second... why is the Q only a 1???
Hey guys! I have a suggestion for a colab. Wicked Makers, Halloween is coming up so maybe yall can make some spooky stuff. Plus they also live in Texas (just don't know how close)
This is so awesome.
not that i didn't enjoy this video but they do make bamboo keyboards and mouse sets already but yours are nicer looking and rgb lol
Katelyn in that red dress??? omg gorgeous!
I hope raycon pay you well for these ad spots, they are some of the best I ever see. 😂
Wooden Mouse next.... Maybe?
Now you need to make an RGB scrabble game board.  Each tile has a wireless LED inside.  Do they make them in RGB?  It would be cool if you get the words to light up as a solid color as you go, and the colors mix where the words cross.  That would be very challenging to program, but could be done.
Nooooo wayyyyy there was no problems this time
Hoarders nooooo  Even and Kaitlyn yesssssssss
Apparently, hours of 3d modelling turns you into The Hacksmith
Did Katelyn cut her hair?
... Okay but like who else would watch an entire dramatic match making tv show between the various Katelyns and Raycon?
This may be one of my all-time favorite things you have built and that Raycon ad is 😘
Why was this raycon ad better than any ad I’ve ever seen 😂😂😂😂
i love watching yalls descent into keebing
The perfectionist in both of you makes every video so satisfying.
Can we please have a moment to appreciate the ads 👏👏👏 😂
I noticed that the keys are slightly crooked, and that honestly bugs me a lot.
Fr Katelyn should just have her own channel designing things lol
these guys never stop making new keyboards
I want it! You guys are so extra with the ads, it's amazing lol
Joob keys! And lights! That is so cool!
Not sure how I felt about the reveal using the classic mobile gaming ad music, lol. But turned out really awesome. Impressive concept and execution. Curious how those key typed would work in a larger gaming style keyboard.
I love when y’all post
yourube has ruined the mobile version
So cool. That's the only asmr I've liked. Thanks.
It looks so fancy! Now I want a wooden keyboard!
I'm not even going to lie Evan looks good with long hair and a beard fits his personality a little bit better for mad scientist lol
Let's be real, the sponsor segment was just an excuse for you guys to get all dolled up :)
The keyboard looks amazing, but I can't stop thinking about that ad read. Y'all killing it with these skits. I know which URL I'll use when I need to replace my Raycons. XD
When you wrote "chunky bois", did you know that "bois" is French for wood? Was it a genius bilingual pun or an accidental bilingual pun?
I think this was one of the best ad reads yet.... GGs EnK!
Now fill the holes with resin.
Sorry. I think y'all should have used a more obscured key cap base so the LED would diffuse through the whole of each key
Kitty wompus. Not catty wompus. No no no. Katelyn is so cute 😂😂
Gives me those "cozy games/ cozy gamer" vibes. Love it. 💕
next raycon sponsor segment better be the first episode! (no joke, legit wanna see who it picks XD)
My son says Evan sounds like Ben Gates from national treasure. That’s meant as a compliment in case you weren’t happy.
I knew Evan would eventually travel down the custom mechanical keyboard rabbit hole. There are a lot of amazing designers in our community cant wait to see more keyboard content in the future. Also amazing video as always.
Scabble 2077.
🤣 I mean, you got the crocodile tears down but for this to be a legitimate YouTube apology video you were supposed to wear a gray hoodie. LOL
Can I just say how much I appreciate the effort you put into doing your sponsor ads? 😆
Wow, another thing I didn't know I needed until now.
Beautiful! You guys should sell those!
That hole in the frame could have been done in just a few minutes with hand tools and it would have been a better result and a lot less chance for making a mess.  🙂
Katelyn in those dresses 🥵 The sponsored but had me dying
9:15 This makes me think. Raycon is cheating with millions of people. LoL How many have pared with Raycon? Shshsh just use Bluetooth and it's our little secret. Hahaha! Next episode: Raycon and Bluetooth on their first date, love is in the air. Connected by radio waves of Bluetooth love. ❤️😂
I love how they have the same instinct I do when starting a complex project: figure everything out myself even though plenty could be looked up.
the PIVOT to "if you just keep watching" made me have to pause the video. I was laughing to hard to hear anything you said after that. 🤣
Out of curiosity, what ever happened to the un-cut or at least longer versions of projects you used to upload on YouTube?
how are you so innocent while talking lube
Been waiting a LONG time for the next video!!! OMG it is finally here
that is a keyboard Geppetto would be proud of..
Somehow this is exactly my aesthetic. So neat!
Next do a scrabble board, where the letter light up, when you put them down, similar to the light up D20s
I FREEAAAKING LOOOVE your videos  🤩😍
This is hands down my favorite Sponsorship add, it’s so freaking funny what
I literally stopped the video because the ad skit was ao funny and I needed NEEDED to comment so everyone knows lmao
imo...this is the best thing you guys have ever made...ive watched yall for years
OH man love the project!
Katelyn is so pretty in all of the dresses❤😊
This is my exact aesthetic and I’d literally give you my first born for this.
have you ever fallen down a project rabbit hole?  yes. yes i have. still painting 9 months later
I love how this combines some of my favorite things. Watching you two goof around and make cool stuff and keyboards. It was cool to see you get into the lubing process, too. Lol
4:29 Resume writing in short😂
But, you didn't fill the letter holes with totalboat...
What was that keyboard in the very beginning when evan used the wig??? its so cool how it splits!!!
I am waaay too invested in Listening for Love, I need to know what will happen 😂😂
omg that raycon ad was my favorite one you've done, i love the name plates on screen with the descriptions and spelling katelyn weird, the over the top outfits and acting were amazing
Honestly Evan looks good with long hair lol Maybe not the long beard, but definitely the long hair  I love you two!❤
obviously too much work, but I would love an even and katelyn branded wooden keyboard.
You should sell these !!!
I think that's the greatest ad I have ever seen xD
That raycon commercial was absolutely hilarious! Your best one yet!!!
The best advert for a sponsor ever!! And that’s not even mentioning how good the rest of the video was
Is it just me or is the caps lock key upside-down?
Beautiful!
now have them made in bulk and sell them as DIY part kit....
now i want to make onw :( but I don't have a laser cutter cnc machine and 3d printer soooo
Your ads are always soooo creative and funny!!! Keyboard looks sick! Hope you are both doing well!
The F and J, lol I thought this was a family channel.
Not them spraying water in their eyes 💀
If I could I would make one of these, absolutely love this one
Just make the letters resin. Case wood. Keys wood. Everything else normal.
Did you guys consider a layer of clear epoxy on the keys to seal and fill in the cutouts, kinda think it would help the longevity as well. Might add a bit of thock to the keys as well.
The double sided tape gunk can be avoided by following Crimson Guitar’s (Ben Crowe’s) masking tape and super glue trick.  YouTube it!  I can confirm it works.
Evan: But I said it with more words, so I win! Me: Nope. Katelyn wins. To be concise is an art u.u
dat ad tho
One of the best birthday presents! An upload from you two!!
nonono. flat keys no.
where can i buy one??
Please play Slime Rancher on your Gaming Channel!!
This week's sponorship segment was hilarious. I need to see a season 2 trailer too. 10/10
This is the first raycon ad that I didn't skip through in a hot min lol
Super cool!  Wait isn't Q worth 10 points?
I bet it feels amazing to type on!! Like everything you type is so fancy it’s automatically in italics.
so what you're saying is in 2 months I too can look like steve from gamers nexus?
Did you film the raycon add while cleaning out the closet??? I have a sneaking feeling yes....
LOL listening for love cast: Narrator: Evan Bachelor: RAYCON wireless earbuds  Girl 1: Katelyn Girl 2: Caitlynn Girl 3: quaetlinn  Lol! 😂
it's WOOD
'H' and '6' are are not aligned. Lol
Make and sell this beautiful product along with your merchandise I'll be the first to buy it 😅
do you think u can make a resin switch? i just wonder how it will sound and feel
I LOVE THIS SOO MUCH! Especially as a cat lover and owner. Is it possible I could buy this somehow!??
You could use your transparent wood to make the leds
Omg all of that wood, so beautiful 😍 You should make a deck of cards with the ones you didnt use!!
why do i want the listening for love part to be a actual show lol
I would like more asmr segments or even an asmr Chanel
this is the best thing start selling it :")
Got wood for sheep?  Oh wait... no... just no.
Seeing Katelyn in all this beautiful dresses during the sponsorship advertising deserves an extra like 🤩🤩🤩😊🙋‍♀️👍
I love the cat keys and stars!
Now I want one 👀😍  You two are so sweet together... it's painful 😝❤
Ok but like... please turn this into a product people can buy!  :)
Now have it reviewed on ShortCircuit
Super awesome. Love the escape key and the catrol key!
Even should get the world's biggest keyboard...
Could you do a keyboard collection video?
The scrabble competition I can see with who can get the higher scoring email with this keyboard sounds like a fun game.
Ok but when can I buy it
Katelyn! The red dress looks stunning on you <3
Evan’s “😄can you tell how sad i am?😁” is so funny to me 😭
Welcome to Lube-Time with Evan & Katelyn.
I loved the sponsor skit so much lmao
Where is LGR? He would be all over this! I want one!
Omggggg the ad 😂😂😂😂😂
KATELYN'S ACTING IS SO AMAZING??!?!?!?!?
I really love the creativity and effort you put not only into your projects but also your ads. It was soo funny. You are the only channel where i don't skip ads
The Loop of Indecision!! *a whole mood*
I'm so happy you guys used the Purple Heart wood! It's my favourite wood and favourite tree!
OMG the CAT-TROLE
These are literally my favorite switches, glad to see someone else using them.
Soooo... Wanna put wood keyboards up as a product in your shop? 😁
You know the phrase useful as a chocolate kettle, can you make a chocolate kettle with a kit
This looked so good, I immediately tried to search for similar styles and nothing really compared :( (to be fair, I only really have a laptop and tablet, so a keyboard would be pointless - but it's so bootiful, I want )
Your ad reads continue getting more creative 😂
Wooden mouse to match? 😂
I really want to know how this keyboard SOUNDS like I need an asmr style clip  Edit: omg I commented 2 seconds too soon lol I love E&K for that
The cave man look did it for me!
@glarses
I'm so sorry to say this but some keys look so wonky :(  The Q, T, Y, 2, 5, 6, 9, 0, H (oh god the H), the B, X, the comma, right alt ... so close to perfection !!
OMG: that was the BEST product placement ever! I’m sorry but you’ll never be able to top this 😍
These raycon ads are just next level
WANT!!!!
Your commercials get funnier, cuter and weirder, and I may never buy a Raycon, but I really loved your Raycon commercials!
Raise your hand if you knew keys had skirts before this video
pls put resin in each letter for diffusing rgb...
I'm kinda annoyed that u guys didn't get any burl veneres but I know it's expensive to get specificly burl ones plus with those veneres u can make a finger board with it
I want one right now! LOL
“Are your tiny detail finger prepared!?”
Best. Ad-read. Ever.
Hehe he said chunky “bois” and bois also means wood in french
That intro killed me 😂
By the way that wig looks like it's in good condition looks like an expensive wig
I … want it… :(
I haven’t watched more than 3 minutes yet, but assuming you guys had a raving success, I have been SEARCHING for a wooden keyboard... so if you’re looking to sell it... I live in the greater Houston area and shipping won’t be outrageous 😅❤❤🎉
I'd buy that!
As a keyboard lover, these are just always anxiety inducing and interesting to watch haha
Please sell these or send me one for Xmas 💜💜💜
I'll bet it has that good wood smell 🌲
That ad was top notch
I need 30 of these. thx.
This is so COOOLLL!!!!!
My favorite one yet!
I am loving this influx of mech kb content from y’all. Welcome to the mech kb hole Evan ⌨️
That is pretty cool.
The slanted "H" key is bothering me.
Ok, this might be the most incredible thing you have ever done. I mean, the mood toilet seat was superb, and the Cat house is fantastic; I want that for my CAT... But this was amazing, and it looks so good. Excellent job, you guys...
pog  That is so gorgeous
this was awesome, i hope you do more KB projects! maybe a collab with taeha types one day!
Best Raycon add I ever did see.
goated youtubers. keep up the good work
As a keyboard enthusiast and a long time viewer of this channel, i can’t describe how happy this video made me. So creative as always but also something i’ve never seen before in the custom keyboard community.   Y’all should put those keycaps into group buy 😈
I've also fallen down the same rabbit hole as Evan at the same exact time lol
Love the visualization of the keyboard layers at the beginning, reminds me of those old "incredible cross sections" books :)
What? No resin?
Get Nile red to turn wood into the electric components
Yay! A new episode!
But the keys are crooked 😭
This keyboard makes me want woodworking tools
this was great! Evan, what do you use for your modeling computer? i'm building my own computer for modeling soon and would love to know what CPU & GPU you have.
GlowForges are SUCH A BAD IDEA. An espensive laser you never can use localy, only WiFi over the internet. Company goes under you have a brick. You don't want to pay a monthly charge (it's COMING ) you have a brick. Somebody hacks the super insecure wifi interface you have fire/bricked unit/blinded user/burnt user.  Somebody hacks the company you have they potential for fire/bricked unit/blinded user/burnt user. Friend don't let friends buy a glowforge.
Oh boy, that bit about projects getting more complicated and you've already order the supplies gives me PTSD ha ha. Especially as I chronically over-engineer every project! The keyboard turned out really cool! Nice work!
OMG, when did you get both a CNC router and glowforge!!!??
💖💖💖💖💖 beautiful giving me animal crossing vibes I LOVE
It looks like one of those digital mockups for an extremely “cool” company. Really professional! And your ads are absolutely in the top 10 of youtube, my personal #1! So great, I always watch them
WHO DID RAYCON CHOOSE? I NEEED TO KNOW
i love the designs you guys made its so cute. anyways good day or night to you guys
The sponsored skit was so good!
Am I going crazy or  1. This is exactly what I expected when I read "all wood" haha 2. Is the H kinda like...not straight?
This with ink black v2's would be so sick.
katelyn is an amazing actress
imagine the rgb if the keys were transparent wood... i swear ive see that somewhere
I was lied to, I demand more cat tax!
This is amazing, and now I really want a keyboard like this! It’s so slick and nice and wood meets technology has always been cool to me. Well done Evan and Katelyn, y’all have made another amazing project come to life! I award you with internet hugs! \>w</
Is the caps lock is upsidedown?
The innuendo in the Raycon commercial is just ✨
You guys' ads are always just ad great as your content. You're the only channel that I actually pay attention to the ad portion because it's so entertaining. I hope your sponsors are paying you an above average amount for above average effort.
the sponsored segment was SO GOOD!!!!!!
oh my god the raycon sponsor was absolutely amazing
At the end, it totally sounds like raindrops!
Omg i want it
Man, I liked the chunky keys. 😔
I'm a simple cucumber.  I see wood, i press like
Holy fish sticks! That keyboard looks absolutely amazing!! 😲
Cutting out the letters was definitely the right choice, I looove how it looks with the rgb!!
Lubing up with Evan and Katelyn!
How did you fix the tiny bits of wood to the keys, like in the B or R and so on?
Why do I love Evan with long hair so much?
Bobby Duke joined the chat. I think he wewd love this keyboard!
Oh my gosh this is the best raycon commercial y’all have made yet!!!! 🎉
Keyboard enthusiast be screaming group buy rn.
Why Godzilla, why did you have to try and read this 18:32
You should make e and k diff colors
katelyn actually brought tears to my eyes. deep breaths sponsor katelyn raycon will choose the right one.
Honestly at this point they should start a funky keyboard business 😂🎉 ⌨️
You need to sell those laser cutter and STL files!
Absolutely love the keyboard wow, and omg the ad was sooo good 😭 You two are the best 👏
In Scrabble, isn’t Q worth 10 points, not 1? Still love the keyboard!
BUT WHO DID RAYCON CHOOSE?!?!?!?!
I wood love this keyboard!!! nicely done guys :D
1:29 Jesus!
It looks like only the top of the letters light up as the LEDs for each key is on the top. Would it be possible to add a diffusing layer under the key to diffuse the light better so the entire letter would light up instead of just the tops of them? At least thats how it looks in the video. Real life may be different and it doesn't look this way at all.
Woah, they really upped the budget on the sponsored videos! XD
Could you guys make a silicon jiggly keyboard. I am so intrigued to see what that would look and feel like
Raycon are actually pretty bad earbuds even for their price point, there are also cheaper and better quality earbuds out there
How does Katelyn manage to look so pretty while still kinda looking like the baby Grinch ??
I can't unsee the crooked G and H keys
Absolutely love everything about it! I must have my own, just take my money!!
Have you gotten into lubing and filming the switches themselves?
I would actually love to see a kit for this to buy from you.... this design is awesome.
the sponsor sections just keep getting better, it's totally wild. also, Katelyn's freckles?? stunning.
"But I said it with more words" LOL  Wait, why is the caps lock key upside down?
I was about to ask wheter the '+' and '-' keys are reversed on American keybards by default but I see they were swapped back to where they belong in the asmr shots :D awesome project as usual :)
The was a brilliant project! loved it ☺️
Hopefully it doesn't react poorly to humidity since wood likes to swell
Literally me woke up watched video and now I'm going back to sleep 😌🤲 awesome video
Evan. . . my guy. Me too. KEYBOARDS. I've now lubed, filmed switches, tape modded my PCB, filled empty space with drawer foam, switched out my keycaps, hotswapped and recently had my first soldering attempt. You're my kind of people.
bro at the start i thought u would say ur king died  ur cat*****
Very cool and everthing is better with lube even keyboards.
The raycon ad????? I'm 😂😂😂😂
what's Katelyn only fans? I'd like to see her bush. Evan can fo
Lol the next keyboard, all resin!!!
Could use choc switches to get it even thinner
Hey guys not sure if someone already told you this in the other comments but I just love your videos and watching you improve your skill so I wanted to give you a tip for the cnc machine it’s a bit of a hustle but I saw the little whole you made for the cable got some shrapnel and you can basically tape blue tape on the top that will help the wood to not chip ❤ U guys keep doing what you are doing.
I love how you just made a video cleaning your  dressing and in this one you use 50 different outfits including wig and beard :D
i think it would look more better with fuzzy glittery white resin light diffuser
This looks amazing! Well done!
You made wewd god bobby dukey proud
Are you just going to become the Fancy Keyboard Channel now? I checked to see if you had a keyboard playlist and was surprised there were only three full keyboards there! I'm thinking maybe Flaming Hot Cheetos keyboard next!
My brain hurts how does the cat key not fall out??
Katelyn's red dress look? Evan, you are blessed.  Great project!
Remember, lube your switches !   My mind was not on keyboard 😂
What about putting resin in the letter cutouts to diffuse the RGB?
Omg the ad 😂😂 it’s the funniest one I’ve seen yet! And your keyboard looks fantastic, I love the amount of care you both put into your content ❤
Literally have never in my life noticed the little bars on the f and j before this?! What are they for????
Now you need to make the tear-jerker 3000 for when you really need to cry. your next future project
This actually looks SO EPIC!!
That was seriously the best ad by a youtuber I've ever seen.  Seriously, you deserve to be nominated for a Clio
This is beautiful, but what about… clear wood keyboard? 👀
What does the cat button do?
Incredible!
ugh. The hilarious ad, the beauty and *precision* of the keyboard build, and the asmr at the end. LOVE your vids.
The mechanical keyboard rabbit hole goes so much deeper. Lol. Maybe look into a better PCB and plate for the next build. Something like the DZ65. And owlab screw in stabilizers are amazing if your board supports them. Love the kb videos
I can't believe how cool this is! I LOVED your sketch commercial, and the outfits 🤣 you guys blew this out of the water again!
Okay but I actually liked the commercial way to much lmao
I've never been so envious of another man's wood. Question: when laser cutting thin wood, how do you keep it from warping? I just got a diode laser cutter and had to take off the light guard because the board would warp and bits would catch on the guard.
didn't raycon cost 35-40 dollars or something like 6 months ago? They were advertising for being "affordable", how is 100 euros affordable are they crazy? (Not Evan & Katelyn, I'm talking about Raycon) I think they kinda became this spoiled child thanks to these 2.
loved the sponsored bachelor bit 😂
When you binge an entire channel, run out of videos then they upload a new one🥸
Okay but why do I actually wanna see a drama now where Katelyn is all the female characters just in different dresses like that was pretty fire...
This is something I would buy. I don't have the time and money (science major) to make one myself, unfortunately, but this is just satisfyingly happy for me.
Are there awards for commercial skits? Bcuz y'all's are really Top Shelf!
"Thats what I just said" "But I said it with more words, so I win!"   R O F L
Would have been awesome for them to do a *cats lock*
Hello! Quick question, do you know what days you might be at Twitch-Con or what events you might go to? I would love to maybe go and be able to meet you guys! (Also, amazing video as always!)
that ad tho 😂
Okay but can we talk about how creative Evan and Katelyn make their sponsored segments?? Like this is just pure art right here!! :0 :D
as someone who's in keyboard hobby myself i really love this video <3 there's so many things about keyboards to be customise and DIY <3 i hope there will be more keyboard from you guys! <3
Safety police gonna call you out on rounding over those keys...  Awesome project!
My partner said you guys should try to make a keyboard out of silicone, the key caps and the frame if you are able but the key caps mainly.
they defo had sex before this
As much as I love the concept, being a long time touch-typist, I find key faces frequently wear out--- I replace my kb too often as it is.  I wonder how well the faces will stand up to heavy typing or gaming.   I'm wondering... before the roundover step, per key, what if you put a thin (1/16" or so) layer of clear resin?  Oh, you'd lose the "feel" of wood, but with the finish, you lost that already.  Plus the resin would fill in the cut-outs in the keys, while allowing the light through.   Next Up:  Reverse Wooden Keys.  Imagine resin key faces, with actual laser cut wooden letters embedded in the tinted resin?  Epic!  :)    Kewel Project, regardless.
THIS IS SO COOL AND PRETTY!!!!!! I LOVE IT BEYOND WORDS!!!! If I had the tools I would definitely make this!! (Honestly I'd buy it if I had a normal computer.)
THE QUALITY OF THE AD SKIT WHAT EXCUSE ME HOW DARE YOU MAKE ME WATCH AN ENTIRE AD  Also cool keyboard, woah.
Removing your heads for the shot is even more extra than the sponsor ad 😍😍 I was fully expecting you to somehow incorporate the 'clear' wood you made that time, although considering how much hassle that was, I'm not surprised you didn't 🤭 Have a great weekend E+K!
This is better than me just glueing and remove the inside lettering and use led of my own keyboard
"are you gonna tell them or should i?" DON'T SCARE ME LIKE THAT I THOUGHT YOUR CAT DIED!!!
Petition to make “Nerd-Out Moment with Evan” a section in every video:
New camera?? Looks good
This is great! The alignment of 5, 6, 7, G, H, and B tho is killing me :C
Hmmm, TIL;   kittywampus  adjective  Disorganized; poorly done; chaotic.
i knew when i saw the boba top that evan for sure got into the enthusiast side of keyboards haha though id suggest trying out some linears next, i used to want silents but quickly realized your just basically turning a mechanical switch into a spongy membrane again since its silenced by  rubber put onto the rails
Did the production for Evan and Katelynn’s channel jump or what?
Shawty THONKKK
*Evan falls down the rabbit hole of mechanical keyboard modding* one of us... One Of Us.... ONE OF US
It's so beautiful!!!!!
The Add!!!!!! Omg 😱😂🤣
I want one of these so bad! It’s beautiful, 10/10 project! Thanks for your work, I look forward to making my own
That was one of the most amazing ad reads I have ever seen. I hope you guys get paid extra for your creativity.
the scarabble keyboard looks amazing.  and the sponsor advert is genius
WowWowWowWowWow!!! I can’t even! How DO you come up with these amazing ideas? *slow clap*
The keyboard is gorgeous!!!! Also I am lovinnggg "Listening for Love"! I'll make sure to keep an ear out for the next episode 😂
Me sitting her trying to figure out how they didn't make the insides of letters empty like in P, O, D, G etc.
Oooooommmmmgggggggg!! That is the most beautiful keyboard I've ever seen! NEEEEEEEEEEED!
I'd personally like to welcome Evan to the Keyboard -cult- club! May your board always thocc and your stabs never rattle 🙏
18:31 A new challenger approaches! Me: Opens a new notepad and starts frantically typing I was just barely ahead of you until I accidentally typed "to" instead of "too" and had to go back and from there it was all over T_T
So what will be the next wooden pc accessory mouse, headset, or monitor?
Why do I feel like Evan never had trouble meeting a word count in a written assignment in school 😂
Their mid-video ad was amazing  Edit: and the ending b-roll was beautiful
What a missed opportunity to make it gasket mounted... I bet it would have been so much better. Note that for a later project.
I simply love how you guys place your sponsers. You are one of those few i dont want to skip the advertisement on.
This video’s ad was 🔥🔥🔥
You guys did amazing! I just wonder how many keyboards do you have? I mean you can never have too many I guess 😂
I personally like my keyboard to be clicky, like an old typewriter, so it does look perfect, sorry cute the cat 😻😻😻, but i prefer thick keys that click loudly hehe
If only you could melt wood and mix it with resin.
Wow! Rectangle.
Evan and Katelyn never run out of ways to amaze me
lol that intro. ,, OhmygOD that looks so frickin cool I WANT IT! You two are my most favorite Youtubers out there istg :'D Ya'll are so frickin entertaining and creative and funny and you brighten up my day in an instance. THANK YOU! ps: Seriously.. Even the sponsored parts are entertaining :"D
For a second I thought it was gonna be really bad news and I was prepared to start crying lmao
You else noticed that Evan put the Caps Lock key in upside down?
AHHHHHHH
What a stinking beautiful keyboard!! 😍
This has to be my favorite Raycon ad of all time!
2:05 Omg the "me neither"
At least you don't forget the lube maybe, because you use at night.
You guys didn't mention the cut out/free floating areas on some of the pieces. I bet they were a pain to deal with
1) Best Ad to Date! 2) That looks awesome 3) You need a Wood Mouse to go with it!
Lovely aesthetic!!! 💖 Woodn't want it any other way!! 🪵
Now you need to make a metal numerical keypad to go along with it.
The Raycon add had so much suspense, I almost for got that I was watching a wooden keyboard video. 😂
1:14 sorry but all i could think of is game theory
that 0:49 kinda looks sick as a display piece ngl
Don't want to be that person, but seems the caps locks key is upside down 🙈 and now I can't unsee it Looks amazing! as usual 😍
The build is so gorgeous and well done, but I especially adored the ad - y’all are the only channel I’ve seen that make entertaining and thought-out ads that I never skip, haha!!
This commercial was the best one yet. YES!!!!
I love how they added cats in control as a reference to the supurrvaisor!
Purple Heart turns much more purple if you heat it with a heat gun or you can leave it in the sun for a day or so. You might even try your UV lamps that's how the sun turns it more purple.
I would buy this. I WOOD buy this... I WEWD buy this!
A great debate:  I say catty wompus and catty corner.  Katelyn said kitty wompus. What about y’all in the chat? Adult catty or baby kitty?
But does the supurrvisor approve?!
This generation has gone so far that wood is “futuristic”
Nice use of kittywampus, Kaitlyn
Absolutely love it! I'll be honest though, I really expected some sort of rain inlay to fill the letters.
Hilarious ad!! I hope Raycon is proud
This could be Simone Giertz' next product.
_Evan spraying water aggressively onto his eyes_  I am clearly sad.
You guys are getting so good at sponsored adds! I never skip them!😂 but the keyboard turned out so pretty!!
evan and katelyn sponsorship sections are the only ones i dont skip through because they’re always golden
Idk why i was expecting them to go ortholinear with the layout.
Anyone else hear the song at 13:55 and think "Smoko time!" in a New Zealand accent?
i loooooove this
"we liked the pink wood" at first I was like "NOOOOOOO" that's going to fade to a pale grey in like 5 years. but then I realized it's possible this won't be more than a short gimmick so you might never see the ugly gray it's going to turn into.  In other news your sponsor ads continue to be on another level. this one was almost more entertaining than the rest of the video
the h key is wonky that annoys me, beside that it looks amazing
idk if it's intentional but the fact the control key is a cat icon is fitting. Since cats control you.
your ads are the only ones i don't skip. Y'all are hilarious. Thank you for making content
Awesomeness 💙
That's amazing I fall in love with the keyboard😍😍
Dang...
One of the most beautiful things you've created. Love it!! 🙌
HAIR?
Love it. What kind of pen or pencil was that in the beauty shots?
"better switches, more lube..." papa johns?
You need to tweak your cutter's settings to do the interior cuts before the outline of the keys. If the outline is done first, the wood will shift and the key designs will not be positioned right.
Hipyo probably sneaking around here waiting for the Thocc
If you buy a keyboard for your computer and it's not mechanical and doesn't go tk-kathunk-shnk when you type why did you even waste the money on a new keyboard?
I feel like sweat gunk and dust will collect in the letters very easily. Caps need some clear resin to fill those letter cutouts. I know it would ruin the idea of it being wood but I think it's necessary. Also having engraved caps isn't the worst idea either. RGB can shine around the keys. RGB would be less prominent but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
I am just curious, is there a reason you didn't use an SLA 3D printer?
Not trying to be rude but that color combination is one of the ugliest things I’ve ever seen 😅
The next video should be a display case for all of their keyboards…😂
I’m actually here 30 minutes after it got posted there’s not even 200 comments yet and I just finished watching it and the keyboard turned out so beautiful, your time and effort on that definitely shows in how just absolutely wonderful that turned out.
Oh my god, the ad was SOO good! 😂 Your ads are always so good, but this one is on a level of its own 👌
"That's what I just said"  "Yeah, but I said it with more words... so I win"
Oh, My, Gosh I can't beleive you cant make a circuit board out of wood E&K, I feel so betrayed😥😥  I'm just kidding love you guys!
Wow!
stoner-approved content i get eleven points from the word Evan&Kate
Evan looked like Rhett in the beginning 🤣
It looks amazing! But… where are the arrow keys, the number pad, and the function keys? 🤔
who else was wondering who raycon chose tho
Serious question, how many keyboards do y’all now own? 😂
14:42. Me too. It’s bad. Gmmk 2, oils king, etc etc
that was the best ad ever lol!
Loved the add. The drama, the intrige, I just loved it, terriffic job!
The problem with solid wood is, it expands and contracts depending on the humidity in the air. It is also prone to cracking because of this. That's why whenever you see cabinet builders always use plywood for the boxes etc where it has to have a certain amount of clearance around it so it functions correctly.    I am not saying this keyboard will fail, but it might....
I mean this is the stuff we need on YouTube now. More people need be like you
There should be an apology...  The lies decipt also clearly fake tears I'm outraged - ur mom
It's not lost on me that the control key is a cat.
This keyboard looks awesome, I’ll have to keep this in mind if I ever get around to building a wooden PC.
The color choices on this one are PRIMO! It looks SO GOOD! So creative and so clean, well done you two!
Splinters'R'Us
Glad im not the only one who fell in a keyboard building hole lately
Nice
I would love to have such a fancy keyboard, but since I live in Belgium, it is so hard to find the right layout on the Internet. It has to be an AZERTY like in France, but we are a multilingual country and some of the keys are different to allow the use of special characters in each language. So we have our own Belgian layout which is almost only used for regular boring keyboards.
That Ad was superb. Nobbleberry levels of narrative excellence/writing. Bravo.
I love you guys, i follow the channels since a couple of years and i like everything you did and how you did. You two are a unique couple too!  Greetings from Switzerland 🥳❤️
Great video! Fun fact: One of the first computer mice was made of wood!
For some reason I thought you were going to do a wedding announcement at the start xD
just update it with a wood clade plastic keyboard as the tittle
Beautiful
Awesome video! So happy to see you getting back to more engineering and using your CNC and 3dprinter.
Best commercial yet 😆
Thanks!
Extra thumbs up for the Ad!!!
Am I the only person who still uses the 10 key pad?  I’m looking at this amazing piece of art and thinking, “where is the 10 key. They need a 10 key.  They should have made a 10 key.”  🤣
this has been one of my all time favorite channels for the past few years. not only are you guys funny and entertaining, your relationship is something I aspire for one day, and you guys do projects of a scale i could only dream of. genuinely some of the most creative and talented people in so many crafts. I love so much how customized you make everything and your desire to make all your projects practical, functional, visually stunning, and unique to you. tdlr: love you guys!!!
Thank you, this sufficiently distracted me from uni for 20 minutes, and now I want to replace my already expensive keyboard setup :D
plot twist: the bottle in the beginning was pepperspray
Yes, my favorite switches, MX Woods
Well, now you have to do an all acrylic keyboard
CNt wait to see the velvet version of the scrabble keyboard. Even if it's only a few keys that are Velveeta'd lolol
That is a gorgeous keyboard! Also I want that pack of veneers to project with 😁😁😁
I've heard cattywampus (or catawampus) but I think its so cute that Katelyn said kittywampus at 7:07
CNt wait to see the velvet version of the scrabble keyboard. Even if it's only a few keys that are Velveeta'd lolol
If Wyrmwood made a keyboard.
okay, the keyboard is absolutely great, but katelyn totally ate that raycon ad up, she looked AMAZING (she always looks amazing, and so does evan)
No offence to any other content creator, but only on your channel I am genuinely entertained by the ads
BROOOO!!! I need one of those keyboards!!! They are SOOOO COOOOLLL!!!!!
You went above and beyond on your ad creation this time. Well done! *chef kiss*
Woah i am soooo excited to watch this video
I think it's amazing that you two just have the right combination of skill sets to build all the coolest projects
Evan... Why did you move your keyboard to EXTRA pronate your wrists?
I hate to be nitpicky, but the Q tile is worth 10 points, not 1!  -Sincerely, daughter of an avid Scrabble tournament player
13:08 Gotta ask, why not just use a file?
ahhhhhhh!! i'm a keyboard nerd... this is all i ever wanted~ Good job, E+K!
Kitty-wompas versus Catty-wompas...sound off in the comments!!
When you are bedridden, an EandK video is appreciated!
Note that the  Control button is the cat head is jube controlling u guys?
You know my first thought was you do a wood3D print, ….
You should get chopsticks before you get Cheeto powder skill over your keyboard :(
Did Katelyn pronounce cattywampus as "kittywampus"? Because that's wrong and adorable.
A clear keyboard would be epic
such a fun video, i love al the keyboard shenanigas you too come up with, keep it up!
i wasnt expecting the dating show product placement but im here for it.🤣  you guys are the best and never fail to make me laugh
I love this ad skit so much, well done guys 😂😂
This video is getting me through the pain of organic chemistry ✨🙏🏻 thank you for your service
'I SAID IT WITH MORE WORDS, SO I WIN.'  Evan is my spirit animal.
Guys it looks so cute!
I almost love the adds more than the video 😅🫣❤️
That ad though!  So creative!!
OH MY GOD i thought for a second you were gonna say Joobie died 😭
of all the test keys i liked the c3 one
Katelyn’s Emmy nomination wheEEeeEN?
I fell that the keycaps should be resin filled. Adding resin with a syringe and then just sand and polish.
This might be my favourite ad you’ve ever done.  The keyboard is gorgeous!!
Because the supervisor controls your life I get it
You continue to set the bar for incredibl(y extra) ads 😂😂😂 I have never skipped a single one from you guys.
OMG Katelyn in the red dress 😍so beautiful!
The rabbit hole Evan went down for this project is a MOOD! Why are projects always more complicated than we first think it's gonna be?
I just want to hear this keyboard with some truly thonky switches instead of the silent ones.
So like... what happens next on Raycon The Bachelor
You always have the most interesting and amazing adds! 😂
Ok…. But the keycap design is super cute. I would love a set like that. But I would need a 65% set because I won’t give up my arrows. 😅
resin keyboard next mayhaps?
You should make a kittywompus shirt XD ( 7:07 )
I'm no keyboard nerd (I use a $15 Walmart keyboard for 15+ hours a day, by choice), but this is definitely one of the coolest things I've ever seen
i was typing out “NO ASMR TYPING SOUND TEST?” right before the asmr typing sound test started hahaha. this is such a cute keyboard!!!
do I see cherry MX browns oh no and I really like the end result seems really simple to do too
i dont know if im impressed or upset by the amount of restraint on the lube jokes
I think you guys might have my favorite sponsored spots. Raycon dating game was unexpected but hilarious. :D
this has been my favorite raycon advertisement to date LOL
That's the most beautiful keyboard ever 😭😭
Easily your best project to date. Fantastic work!
we woodn't mind this keyboard at all, it looks siiick! amazing job!!
Is kitty-wompus a valid scrabble word?
I have managed to achieve two seven letter word scores in the same game and still I've never been victorious against a close friend of mine, I wonder if he'd let me win just once if I made him one of these.
Amazing idea and the result is 👌
Nice job! There is a premade keyset called XDA Scrabble, so I used that with a wooden keyboard case to make a similar keyboard myself a while back.
Wow. Assembled computer - first the backless/see through monitor, then the fully wooden and resin computer, and now a keyboard :) all you need is a wooden mouse
As much as I love mech keyboards and doing all the mods and lubing switches, I started to get into custom keyboard cable making, and find it super enjoyable making them. You guys should check it out!
I never would have thought I would think a keyboard could be so cute ♥
OMG the sketch for the sponsor??? this is pure art, you guys are amazing!
That is incredible
OK not gonna lie but this is pretty awesome! I'd definitely buy a kit to replace the keys on my keyboard
This turned out soooo cool guys! I would buy it in a heartbeat if I saw it in a store
Legit want you demonstrative keyboard layer thing as a decorative piece
Love your videos
Question: why is the caps lock upside-down?
So I am only confused that they still use qwerty and not some other layout even though they dug the mechanical keyboard rabbit hole.
as a fellow keeb nerd, i understand evan's descend into madness 😂
The Raycon ad is way too well made to just be an ad. Like I actually want to watch that show
You got us for a second 😂
You need to sell this keycap set.
I don't even have money for a cheap keyboard, I come here just for their interaction
Maybe you guys should try leather keys? I have always heard that leather looks better the more you handle it, so I would assume the keys would look better over time the more you typed
i hate mechanical keyboards but i watch all your videos and it was funny ❤
So is anyone going to point out that the Q should be worth 10 points not 1 point?
Okay I’m just starting the video, but Katelyn mentioned eating the key caps and now I want to see if they can make one out of gingerbread or something! It would probably need to be only 1 button and on a larger scale, but it could be fun 😂  (Or a food themed keyboard?)
POV: you were watching an Evan and Katelyn video when YouTube sent you a notification that Evan and Katelyn uploaded the best video ever.
Amazing look!
17:53 it seems your Q has the value of 1, while it should be 10.
You guys should collab with “switch and click” as Betty and Jake are in Texas too!!!!
This was so aestheticly pleasing to see!
Uhhhh  - keys doesn’t line up - Its not at an angle and the profile is too flat so it will probably hurt typing on it on extended time - Sounds rattly
Finally done with my English class I can watch this
That was one of your best ads yet! If I didn't already have my own pair I would be buying raycons rn! 😂
this was literally the best ad ever omg
"they are not just one color of keys" *looks at my all black keyboard with red light up letters* i mean besides the LED underneath the keys, it still is all one color  and this sponsorship clip legit had me like "wtf just happened?"
Okay this might be the best ad spot you've ever done lmao. I love it! I usually never watch ads on youtube but yours are always worth the time, so much fun.
This is incredible!! It looks so cool!!!!
i love the sponser of this video-
"The effin' J..." I thought this was a family show!
Looks like someone had to make use of all the freshly organized clothes they had ;)
I would love to watch the Raycon marketing team react to your ads, this was my favorite so far😂
I never thought I would be jealous of a wooden keyboard of all things it just looks so neat I want a wooden keyboard now
Welcome to the mechanical keyboard life, you aren't running an ortholinear split keyboard yet so I assume you haven't gone as deep down the rabbit hole as I have yet.
its THOCC not THONK... but the thought is there. keycaps look amazing though
Now I need to know who gets the keyboard.
God, I've been trying so hard not to fall into the mechanical keyboard rabbit hole, but THIS. this keyboard is so freaking cool!!!! I love the cute decals. ;A;
Looks amazing but so many of the keys are just slightly not straight
Full resin keyboard next 👉👈
the ad is amazing, I felt like I was watching tv 😂😂
OMG I MISSED YALL LOL
WHY IS THE RAYCON ADD SO GOOD
It looks sooooo good!! You guys DID IT
My mom was beating my dad and a friend at scrabble when she was experiencing contractions with me.
"But I said it with more words! So I win!" I have definitely worked with people who think this...
Guys the ad is so funny 🤣🤣🤣 I died laughing! Catellynn seems to be the troublemaker 👀👀👀
OMG the begining is amazing!! I couldn't stop laughing 🤣🤣
I would buy this 😍😍😍
This is so good 🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤
50 shades of wood
I love you guys ... even if you clickbait us ❤
I'm not sure if you guys have already done this but, a complete resin keyboard would be spectacular...
I don't ever miss a video from you guys. Y'all are AMAZING
Hi
(17:15) Me:
i think you got too creative with that ad. i was iust in my head: what the in my face:the frick
Omg Even is so sad that he's crying from his eyebrows XD
all I can say is very cool
I misread the title, and thought it said you guys were making an all wooden Scrabble game. I'm thinking, "OK, the tiles and tile holder are already wood, so are they're going to make just the board out of wood then?". I was so eager to watch the video, I guess I just glanced at the title as I was hitting the like button.
OMG it’s amazing I absolutely love your creative crafts
The Raycon ad was so funny 🤣
The ads get better and better
Hi
Early ganggg
Hi Evan and katelyn
As someone that's been going down the custom keyboard rabbit hole and has made their own recently...get out of my head you two stop spying on me!!!
HONEY WAKE UP NEW EVAN AND KATELYN VIDEO
👋😁
this is the earliest I have ever been
E&K always have the most entertaining videos! And the best/most ridiculous editing. You both put so much time into your content and it shows! ❤
Hiii!
10 mins ago!! yippe
Hello
OMG I'M EARLY FOR ONCE
OMG HIIIII IM A HUDGE FAN
Yayyyyyyyy
I'm continuously fascinated when I see you guys on my home page. 😂
Just curious is the 3D printed backer Stl available somewhere?
the raycon ad was soooooo gooooood, I loved it so much.Raycon pay them more!!!
I love both of you so much
OMG I'M SO EXCITED!!! I've been waiting for this since the wood computer case haha
The spray bottle really and truly conveys the pain and guilt you felt from not being able to make LEDs out of wood
That intro😂
EARLY!!!
I like this channel has become weird toilet seats and key boards. Lol
I love how excited Evan got with the wood veneers hahahaha
I need that escape key design on some merch.
Love u guys <3
Lol the intro
Such a cool keyboard, and the ad 😂😂😂
The intro scared me! I thought there cat died or something😥
i havent watched yet but i really wanted to say the amount of work that goes in to your videos is quite impeccable! im always impressed and i see the hard, laboring fun work you two put into your crafts! <3 keep it up :D
Amazing work guys!I love your content and commitment for making new videos.
I get so happy when I see a new Evan and Katelyn video in my feed.
Anyone ever notice that Evan looks like a young, preppy Dave Grohl?
Evan and Katelyn are starting to get a bit of a hoarder complex with all their keyboards.  And I'm so here for it. They are all so great! 😂
ThE aD nO!
this is so cute such a fun aesthetic
That intro. OMG!
I'm so glad to be Early for once 😂
Lmao that damn spray bottle at the beginning ☠️☠️
the intro had me laughing
EEEEKKK lov your vids
I love mechanical keyboard projects
Oop Evan got the cheetos AND the root beer out. Things are getting serious.
I love your videos! Keep up the amazing work. You two have such a great dynamic, and watching your channels is so enjoyable.
ive never been this early to a vid before
you guys are such a inspiration❤️ been a rough two years for me and you guys have never failed me🙂
Oooh first week of art uni down, just got home and sat down, then this notification!
This is the first fresh post that I’ve seen from you! I just started watching you and I’m addicted😂
GRAHHH!!! awesome though
Hi :) I've been watching you for like 4 years, crazy how far you've come with keyboards 😂
Love the intro, thumbs up for the dramatics :)
Hiiiiiii I just came this  last week and I love your video love ya
I love you're videos
The spray bottle at the start killed me
at the zoo I work out I sneak Koala bear out of zoo and take them home with me to eat ice cream while I watch nature shows. I then sneak Koala back in zoo next day and no one ever know HAHA I also feed them twizzlers threw the cage and mix sweet tarts into there food dishes.
We love you Katelyn!! We forgive you!! 😂🙂❤
Love you guys!!!
Hi
I commented in the first 18 seconds the video was out
I will keep watching
IT'S OK BABES WHATEVER YOU MAKE IS STILL GREAT
"Congrats to everyone Who is early and who found this comment 🐼
😎
So betrayed immediately 😭😭😂😂
Hi
😅😂
Oop-
Omg firsttttt
Mhm early
😂
More Keyboards!!!🦌🦊✨ Sounds Luxurious.
Hi
Hi
...First?
Why 😢
Hi
Scrabble time !
Sup
Love u guys
Yeasss
Hi
Hi
Hi
Note from Evan: Yes I know I lubed the stabilizers the lazy way instead of hand painting them all. I like them extra lubed 🤣 Also we had SO much fun making the unnecessarily extra ad in this video. Click buyraycon.com/evanandkatelyn for 15% off your order
