Height of both you and Suzanne would be SUPER helpful to know!
Southwest is my favorite airline
Is it not funny....So much hate for American  yet it flies more passengers than any other airline world wide...So many passengers have it wrong it appears..OR maybe the whiners are just spoiled brats..
Maybe I'm the only one but American Airlines have been really good to me on all my domestic flights. United was alright domestically for me but one flight internationally ruined my perception of them for good. I've only flown with Delta once so I can't give a solid opinion on them
Now do the same video, but with premium economy
I find United is 10% better than the other two but 100% more expensive. Your data bore this out. Value wise, United is a distant LAST.
Don’t fly American Airlines. No video screens for entertainment on the seats. 5 lousy hours monitoring what time it on my watch staying awake! Afterwards, my Jetlag lasted three days!
i flyed 13 times into the us and 10 times it was with american planes i can tell worth experiencience ever i flied several times each of these airlines and american airlines was so bad even cheap low cost airlines like easy jet here in europe are way better in all
American Airlines Promised Me a Refund and then made it imposssible for Customers to Contact Them. The only phone number AA will give you is to book a flight. All other contacts are thru forms online or email. If you comply, they just ignor you. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE AT ALL. TERRIBLE.  The defrauded me.  There is no way to contact them.  They owe me money, but I don't know how to contact them.  They do not allow you to call the right departments.
I like American tbh
I have to say, American has the worst economy class, but they have the best frequent flier program.
You made this video on my Birthday :)  Thanks Jeb!
nope...delta all day every day
AA has a new scam.  Just before boarding time for over-booked flights, they start texting already-booked passengers waiting to board.  If you don’t answer the text and come up to the counter to verify that you want your seat, they’ll give it to a standby passenger.  Then, when you try to board, they say they have to put you on a later flight.  I’ll never fly these underhanded crooks again.
One of the worst decisions American has made is removing the seat back entertainment… They will lose customers over that, I’m sure.
I love Ohio basically Kings, Island, and Cedar point
Denver is the biggest airport in North America
American Airlines may have been a good service provider at one time, but it's service has degraded over the years to make it the worst. i tried two years ago, after 30 years of avoiding them--and it was a truly horrible experience, and it's going to be another 30 years before i try again.
Loved the Home Alone enactment
I don’t blame Delta for the gate being hectic.  That can vary based on what gate is assigned and how busy the airport is at that moment.  When someone is at the microphone telling you about a problem, that’s one less person fixing the problem.  It’s only a problem if they fail to advise you of a significant delay imo.  That makes it a tie.  Then, I care about what’s free, not what I can pay for, as far as snacks.  Delta wins by 2 if you eliminate the first column and change the third.
11:54 the last flight is usually less hectic.  It’s those late afternoon flights that concern me.  The only problem is late afternoon can always bump you to the night flight but there is nowhere to go with the last flight.
A lot of the plugs don’t work.  I’d like to see you try more instead of just showing the picture.  USB ports are particularly unreliable.
DLEIA United American
My best airlines: American Airlines
Comment just so I can also be unbiased ❤️  Can you show the scorecard a bit longer than this video? I want to rate my opinion of importance vs yours.  Great job y'all. You really do cover everything.
I've flown with all 3 of these carriers a few times and honestly their economy classes are pretty comparable. The problem is that the entertainment suites vary significantly. With American, they don't have the screens built into their seats like Delta and United. The thing that impressed the hell out of me was that they're a LOT better than Frontier or Spirit EVER will be. Do yourself a favor, don't fly Spirit or Frontier even if THEY pay YOU to do so.
As a United flyer and have experience. I was happy to see the winner
Bring snacks
3:18 31 YEARS OLD?!?!
Dude is so bias it’s ridiculous 😂 clearly Delta won with all the added perks but loses because the pilot doesn’t talk to you 😂😂
SO CLOSE TO 1 MILL SUBS
American Airlines
Great job.
I have flown most major lines, and Delta had the rudest employees I have ever interacted with.  Will never fly them again.
On my UA flight from chicago to montana we flew in a newer A319 with touchscreen displays where you could view your flight info aswell as a HUD view to see you speed, altitude, and AOA. Aswell as a flight tracker there were lots of new and good movies to choose from! Great experience! That is why its so so tricky to review airlines because the experience varies a lot it really just depends sometimes you know?
I always bring a water bottle with me and, if the flight is over 3hrs, I'll pick up a sandwich at Ashland hill: located in Terminal 7 of LAX.  If I'm flying out of ORD, I'll pick up a sandwich at Berghoff in Terminal 1.
Jeb, have you compaired  BA against Virgin, would be very interesting, love all yours, so far.
I farted wailing watching this video
I've had so many horrible experiences with United with delays and cancellations that I just never book them anymore. American is starting to slip. Delta has been so consistently good throughout my life, they definitely take #1.
My strategy for bringing snacks is to bring inside my carryon. I bring a bag of prunes, beef jerky, and a bag of chips and, of course a plastic refillable water bottle. Thus far, I haven’t had any issues with TSA or when I board the flight digging into my carryon for my snacks!😄
Delta has been my choice in the last 3 flights I have gone on. They instantly became my favorite.
United Airlines economy to London.  You want to know how it feels if you are 6'1"?  Take a lawn chair and set it close against the side of your house to where your knees touch the side of the house and sit there for 11 hours.  Oh yes and ask someone to bring you some peanuts and crackerjack and a glass of water.  Now you know EXACTLY what it feels like to fly United Airlines to London.
Ive always felt that way about thr service on American. Like they dont want tl be rhere.
As a 5'5" person with short legs, flying is probably the only time I'm glad to be short bc I don't have any issues with leg room or needing to stretch. It saves me $150-200 by not needing to upgrade for extra legroom on AA
I flew Delta one time back in 2012, and United that same year. Delta is the best. I fly American the most cause the town I live in Lawton Ok only have an American Eagle flight to Dallas. But Delta, American and United I’d rank in that order.
Jeb, only the US uses the imperial system of measurement, the rest of the world uses the SMD...
All❤❤🎉
hopefully any similar future experiments will be designed better - by keeping the aircraft type AND variant exactly the same for the sake of a fair comparison.... this can have a significant bearing on the leg room, spacing etc.
4:27 PHILIPPINE AIRLINES 🔥🔥
I flew United from LA to Chicago a couple weeks ago. The price was almost double spirit and don’t think it’s worth it. Granted I don’t care about comfortable seats or snacks in flights less than 4hrs
Love your videos very informative.  Could you do one for seniors using a wheel chair how their service will help us seniors.  I travelled with my daughter to Kalispell Montana and I have walking problems and Delta did not have a wheel chair I had to walk the whole tunnel and was painful. Thank you
American chain hotel prices are extortionary. They bank on people to stay with known brand names. Please stay in Japanese hotels and don't waste your money.
11:43 home alone
Best economy sounds like an oxymoron
I have never had a lack of communication on a Delta flight.
Delta is going to win overall all when comparing with United and American as Delta is considered a premium airline where the other two are not.
Tips for economy wear comfy clothes and if you can bring a blanket or a pillow
Thank you so much I’m flying American Airline for the first time after only flying delta and jet blue 😊❤
I just watched you compare Spirit, Alligent, and Frontier right before this. Two things that suprised me when watching this is knee room and price. Delta and American were half the price of what you paid the "low cost" carriers. The "low cost" carriers had 11-12 inches of knee room compared to 9-10 inches on these 3.
One of my tips: not trying to be Mean.  There are some who need to take a bath before getting on a plane . Couple years ago on my way to Phoenix I sat next to a guy who unfortunately smelled like he  hadn't taken a shower in a decade. DISGUSTING 🤢
When are you going to try Southern Airways, that you mentioned at 11:02? Really looking forward to your experience with that airline.
So ignorant!  What size plane first of all?!? A wide body has more room the a commuter!!🙄
Delta is clearly the #1 best for comfort and luxury.
Due to the last few flights I was on, I have developed a sense of loyalty to United
United team
United management does not value their frontline employees.  They treat them as disposable and pay them a poverty wage. United will continue to be rated lower in customer satisfaction until the management starts practicing their core values they teach.  They do not treat their employees with dignity and respect.
Delta
Is it true that on Delta there is free wifi?
I love deltas seat back screens I like looking at the flight route. And it tells you on the little map of landmarks to look out for and see
If you like your life don't fly any of them, incompetent, inconsiderate, staff suck balls,pilots are drunk, cabin crew unprofessional, it's a clown outfit.
ATANTA
Econmy Class  On  THERE  Airnes  In One  Day wich is[ best] JEb brooks
I flew United Economy from Newark to Panama City,Panama last week and there was no screens in the seats only if you used your own cell phone you could watch movies etc.
Why’s spirit not on here
Your experience for $328 on United compared to your $178 delta experience…. I easily choose Delta!
Nah, you failed me here. This was not a valid comparison. I just started liking the videos man!
United economy is serviceable, as far as the others, you have more wiggle room on frontier 😂
Could we do this same idea but international? I loved the premium economy video which leaves me to question, is it worth the upgrade to almost triple the price?
Am I hearing this right about the knee room?  It was 9.5 inches for Delta, 10 inches for United, and 9 inches for American?  Even Frontier and Allegiant have 11 inches according to your comparison video covering those two.
I've used American Airlines twice.  It was fine.  The second time I inadvertently got a free upgrade for alcohol so that will always stand out in my memory.  I've flown mostly Southwest for the past 20 years but I'm shopping around for other airlines in protest of their changes, so I want to try out United and especially Delta to see what the fuss is about.  Ultimately I'll probably use American the most out of these three because they have the best prices and times.
Times have changed  I remember when I was a kid in the 70s  The stewardess , they call them flight attendants now , used to take me up to the front and see the cockpit and meet the pilots. They used to give away pillows, blankets , and the “wings” that pinned on.  The doors to the cockpit stayed open the whole flight, those were the good times.
Most uncomfortable I have ever been was on a Delta flight, but I don't think any of them are decent if you're over 5' 9. Exit row or Econ+
Jeb, can you do us a favor and do a video about the best economy and premium economy airlines on a flight that starts in California and ends on the east coast? All of the flights you took on this video were short. I'd like to see how these airlines are on flights longer than 3 plus hours.
My question is when are you guys going to take a trip to South America? I due that yearly flight to Brazil. I would like to see your opinions on their airlines, time experience etc. ( do your Jeb thing 😅). Just a suggestion, live your channel it helps me a lot
Here after Southwest’s policy change 😆
I can say one thing about United The customer service was so bad pre-flight I didn't fly, canceled the trip,, which means I lost the complete value of the ticket full price which I'm fine with because if the service at the desk before the airline is that bad who would want to even get on the plane!!
Your videos have some useful info, however I won’t be subscribing or clicking thumbs up on any of your content.   I’ve watched a few of yours, and your presentation style is a bit off putting to me. Nothing about it is natural. It all looks like a scripted infomercial—unnecessarily enthusiastic in every scene, weak unfunny jokes/banter, appear to be reading all your dialogue—it comes off borderline used car salesman con artist creepy. Like a robot’s idea of what a human should be.   If you’re going to continue “acting” out all your content, please take some acting lessons on how to act more naturally.
Southwest
On United, are you able to pick your seat ahead of time in Economy class?  If so, when can you select your seats?  I know you can't select your seat in Basic economy.  I am thinking of going with United
Sorry. Have not been a fan of United for a long time. They stiffed us on our first international trip to Germany. The plan was either late or had mechanical trouble, so we got bumped, and missed our connection to Germany. The times I've flown, I've never been impressed with their service. With the military, I flew with United from SEATAC to Denver, with a short hop to Colorado Springs. They said the plane was delayed, continued to be delayed, finally never showed. There were very young travel inexperience Soldiers who were sleeping on the floor of the gate. I told the gate attendants they owed all the Soldiers transportation and a certificate to a hotel for overnight and a coupon for breakfast. They weren't happy, but did it. Besides, their miles expire.  I've never been impressed with American either. They always seemed they'd rather be elsewhere.
Yesssss united
when you sit by yourself  all economy is fine for comfort....
LET'S GO UNITED!!!
6:13, I'm with you. Go United!
After watching your videos, I’d actually rather fly economy class on United than first class
I haven't flown in years, but when I did I bought two coach seats because I am 5'8" and weighed 360 pounds at the time. I'm still fat, but 70 pounds off of that. I also have broad shoulders and a large head, even when not fat.  When people see the fat person, they have this involuntary "oh sh**" look on their face. When you tell them it's just the two of you, they actually exhale a bit. The last guy even bought me an adult beverage.
I fly Delta just because I tend to fly a lot between Salt Lake City and Atlanta. However, I do admit I have loved United when I flown their airline so I can see why that won this challenge.
Can you please do basic economy class for all 3? That would be awesome!!!
I flew AA economy, Dallas to Ft Lauderdale . My legs got crushed. I couldn’t move or stand up. Old lady put her seat bk. Never flying AA again. First class from now on Delta
I agree, Jeb, I  love the United Airlines Magazine.  Its a throwback to the 70s!!
Your voiceovers always remind me of the voice who does the Living with the Land ride at Epcot in Disney World, soothing and informative. Love that we get to see Suzanne so much, too!
TO THIS U S AIRWAY BLOGGER [“JEB BROOKS”], ‘ALTHOUGH AMERICAN AND UNITED R WORTHY AIRBUS FLIGHT CARRIERS [AIRBUS JET PER INFLIGHT MEAL],’ “DELTA’S WORTH A WORLDWIDE CHEER!!” 🍹🍱🍧
The Spirit is better ))
I took a flight to LAX to MCO back in January last year and October last year. First time I did it with United Airlines for both. I hated that flight. Worst airline ever. Second time I took it with Delta. Loved that airline and then on our way back to LAX I took American Airlines. Definitely good but I still prefer Delta Airlines.
They all not tall people friendly
Regardless if Boeing says they fixed the mcas system on the 737 max line, I'll never fly on any of them.
Southwest is the most convenient but always choose delta
Recently I had a last minute travel emergency. The only flight that could get me to where I needed to be was via first class on Delta. I wasn't impressed. The food was questionable at best, neither I or my seatmate ate anything past our first bite. It tasted stale, old. The plane seats were very worn, actually tattered in certain areas. Definitely not what I would expect in first class. I've since had to make a few more flights. Found Southwest to be cleaner, nicer plane and all around a better experience.
From those of us who flew in the 60s, 70s, & 80s you people are being so badly abused. And you're paying to be abused!
THANK 💜 YOU 2! 💯
Delta to me did not impress me one bit. Economy for me in an Airbus A320 was so uncomfortable, barely any legroom. Food was burnt and old. Attendants were rude and unpleasant, plus they spilled wine on me during my 17 hour flight from ATL to ICN when they tried to serve the guy next to me. so needless to say, i wont fly Delta anymore
Delta all the way!!!!!
As a high medallion member of Delta they are far away the best US. airline carrier. Their customer service, inflight entertainment with seat televisions, and tons of national lounges. Sure there are better internaional carriers but for U.S. it's Delta then everyone else. They are consistent.
I enjoy watching these,but they seem opinionated. I think the airline you choose can change day to day. Weather, airport, passengers, and even flight crew can affect anything when you fly. My personal opinion, if you look for the cheapest flights or deals you’re going to get burned. I fly a lot. Here is a tip, look at the seating chart before boarding. If it’s not sold out and you can move to an empty row to get more room, just ask the flight attendant if you can move. They will most likely let you.
On united econmey felt like first class
Seat width. UH Boeing economy is 17 & Airbus is 18. It's not an airline thing, it's a size of tube thing. airbus is bigger.
There’s nothing better than Delta cause I’m on Delta right now
There’s nothing better than Delta cause I’m on Delta right now
When you said that the American flight attendants behaved like they had somewhere better to be - yeah, that's typical American. They're hot garbage. I truly don't know who even still flies with them, literally everyone in my social circles avoids them like the plague.
Thank you. I have not been on a plane since I was 9 I think and I was having major anxiety about traveling now at 31 and with my 6 year old special needs child, but this has given me some peace of mind. We are flying with United and I hope all goes well.
Any are better than Southwest airlines. Southwest would be overpriced if they offered prices ar $10 for a 24,000km flight. I don't blame the pilots but the people running the airline. They're the problem and Americans don't seem so intelligent to understand it.
Thank you for the awesome videos. Can you share how tall you are?
I really hate AA they constantly cancel for stupid reasons and don’t offer any other compensation!!
I'm six two , incant fit in the seats anymore so I drive across country constantly.
Wow Susana ❤ no makeup beautiful
Hey man just wanted to say that I have been watching a ton of your videos bc i have my first flight in a decade next week, I was scared but you've helped ease my stress alongside ChatGPT lol. You even flew on the Max and thats one I hate but now not so much, keep up the vids man i know this videos old so you might not even see this
this is perfect because i always wanted to go to these 3 airlines ive never been in those airlines before so thanks alot
Eww, airline coffee. That’s disgusting water.
Lol, this video really didn’t age well considering United was having engines blow, doors come off, and hydraulic leaks.
4:50 palm springs international airport
Missed first three days of 14-day October 2024 cruise because Delta arrived late in Athens from JFK.  Delta customer care (LOL) email stated "As much as I would like to assist, I regrettably can not honor (sic) your request for reimbursement of unexpected expenses.  Although we take full responsibility of the delay, Delta's obligation is to get you to your destination which was completed."  Delta reimbursed me $0.00 of the $3,100+ expenses we incurred (flight to Istanbul, next port where cruise ship boarded passengers; lodging, meals, misseed 3 of 14 cruise days).     Lesson:  NEVER FLY DELTA.  Always fly a competitor airline, even if it costs more.
Palm Springs Int’l @ 4:50 I live here so I recognized it immediately
Fly JET BLUE
I highly recommend JetBlue because they have a ton of legroom free movies live tv clean bathrooms they have recommended movies for short and long flights and overall a great airline
You had an off day with Delta and I never had an issue that you said you had with Delta. United I would not book to South Africa because you had to pay for upgrades that was more.  You did not get a blanket and a pillow for a long flight.  United Premium was very very expensive compared to Virgin Atlantic.  I always fly Delta and they are a great airline. You were very critical on Delta.  You favor United.
I've never been on any other flights other than American, and they do offer free wifi. Just scan the QR code. I've never had any issues with them, and their prices always seem to be reasonable and cheaper than others, so I'll stick with them. But thank you for the information.
United breaks guitars
Bro, it’s United o’Hare airport
🎉
UNITED BREAKS GUITARS!
I really like your voice and how you explain things with a pep in your step and lots of enthusiasm! 😇❤️👍🏼
I dont have to watch the video. Delta IS the best domestic airline. It's not a competition.
Boycotting Delta.    So this makes my choice much easier.  Thanks for the video!
i'm still waiting for the Basic Economy comparison video
Do u pay for the top carry on?
Why not include southwest? Southwest is the largest US domestic carrier.
Personally there’s a bit of bias in here. I feel Delta overall has a better experience but as an America head… *WTF IS A KILOMETER 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸💥💥💥💥💥🛢️🛢️🛢️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
b
I been traveling to Puerto Rico to United States and we take the American airlines 17:33
Just wanted to by and say, you look so much like Luke Thomas, it’s kind of weird haha. Look him up, he does mma content.  He went to the military so he turns on the bass in his voice but y’all are twins. Only reason I didn’t block your content was because of y’all’s familiarity. Goodluck with your stuff bro. Not my thing.
I've flown United and Delta before, and soon will be trying American for the first time on my next trip to the US. 😁✈
31 years, wow that really is record for me…
Delta ❤❤
Hey I went to the Chicago airport yesterday from Knoxville
Great video man
No Viajen en @American Airline Estan Sobre vendiendo los tickets, te cancelan tu vuelo y luego te dejan 3 dias en el aeropuerto atrapado y no te ofrecen un Buen servicio, no te pagan Hotel, No te dan Comida, ni una manta para calentarte mientras estas en el aeropuerto. y si reclamas tus derechos te dicen que te llamaran la policía y se aseguraran que te saquen del edificio o te lleven preso. 😢, tengo casi 3 dias atrapado en el aeropuerto yo y mi familia hemos gastado casi $300 USD en Desayuno, Comida, y Cena y te ofrecen una lista de espera de un vuelo que esta sobrejirado y luego te dejan sentado asta el proximo, asta el proximo, asta el proximo o asta que a ellos se le de su jodia gana!! 😢 te cambian el Gates asta 7 beses o mas y si no estas pendiente puerdes perder tu vuelo y a ellos no le importa que ellos son lo culpables solo te dicen usted llego tarde le cancelamos el vuelo y se puede ir a la mierda 💩 en pocas palabras!!
How tall are you ?
Hawaiian Airlines also publishes magazines
Delta allows you to bring a carry on and a personal item on a basic economy ticket
Amazing video!
Delta still better than Norwegian
Only delta and United . American bs delayed always .
From an outsiders perspective and also a seasoned flyer, Delta is top tier here hands down
Delta builds in 20 extra minutes on each end of the flight.
Never had a United flight where I was confident they hadn't lost my checked bag...
It’s very scary how old these planes are. I think trains are going to be my way to travel. 🧳 Added Note: I am retired so delays and slower travel like trains are fine. I have traveled Delta and I still like Southwest Airlines best.
Good morning man of God Greetings from Indian Christian family
Looks like I am on lonely island with being an AA fan lol but I honestly love them. Their prices are always fair, idk if maybe I’ve just gotten lucky but maybe only had like 1 or 2 delays? I love they tell you exactly what is going on from possible turbulence to when in-flight Bev and snacks will be coming out. I’ve even had free alcoholic beverages bc the service team was just so nice and would give me a little wink - they seemed to love their job. AA🤍
In fall 2022, Los Angeles to Boston round trip price was almost the same between JetBlue and Delta.  Only difference was Delta provided ear buds to listen to the TV compared to JetBlue needing to bring your own earphone or not get sound on the TV screen.  Seems certain airlines prices vary more than other airlines.
How tall are you. I am 6ft tall so your height would really help me with the comparison
Tips for economy?
we go to Jamaica 2x a year from CA-a long trip, 2 legs. American has cheaper fares, no seat entertainment, no service. We always fly Delta and pay more but it's worth it for such a long trip. And we fly business class.
I been united boeing 757 Boeing 777 and Boeing 737
These are the kind of videos we need.  Force these corporations to work more for our $
You know My dad is a pilot he  works American airlines
Thanks for keeping me entertained Jeb and Suzanne   you will always be my favorite YouTubers
Delta still has old school seats in Economy. American and United have European rock hard seats.
American is the best
im 6'3 and i struggle sometimes to fit in airline seats
So american and united expect delays and have programs devoted to such. United is awful. And for the winner you also paid 200 dollars more.
These 3 are better than Frontier,  Spirit, and Southwest!
I flew last weekend… 2 flights to destination 2 flights back home Out of 4 flights.. only one plane had monitors with a movie… I don’t see how you can do a fair comparison when you have no idea what plane you will wind up with… weather.. busy airports… and so on.
For the WiFi, T-mobile uses gets free WiFi. Non T-Mobile it’s 8 bucks
Man, we should all join 4rabet and play together. More fun that way.
4ra having Finch as an ambassador adds a layer of trust and class to their events pure quality
Aaron Finch boosting 4rabet events with his presence means you're in for top-notch quality every time
Delta Air Lines is definitely Number One in the United States
Thank you for making this video is very helpful.
Why do you always get the window seat on an airliner
I'm not sure the seat sizes being too tight for work is the problem there buddy...maybe ditch the snack bag
boycotting united airlines for kicking a mother and baby off a plane for "mis-gendering" i literally just cancelled are tickets and now are driving to florida
I'm boycotting United and shorting the stock.
Stay away from AA. If you accidently mis gender a flight attendant you can be kicked off the flight. They are now using less qualified pilots to meet  ESG  standards.
I’ve recently discovered your channel and love it! That said, you should consider trying each airline’s international economy flights. I recently flew the 15h flight from Singapore to SFO on United in economy class and it was genuinely dreadful. Not that I want you or Suzanne to suffer through it but I would love to see some comparisons of their international vs domestic in economy class.
United is always late and has to delay you atleast once. I fly delta which is always on time. One time matters to me when you have to travel.
I’m disabled and always travel with my power wheelchair. Delta has the best accessibility.
Delta is the best of all 3 for your $$$$
American Airlines in Delta Airlines is my favorite Airlines
Do you know what bring your iPhone or anything that keeps you distracted because of those loud engines man like Delta Airlines? What is those screens on the seats? That is so good of you delta Also, make sure to bring a stand or else you’ll be using the tray table
UNITED IS PICKING PILOTS FOR DEI, NOT COMPETENCE!  THATS DANGEROUS FOR PASSENGERS.
AA is all I can afford and honestly it ain’t bad. I mean no TV’s, but who doesn’t travel with a personal device?
Love your video...subbing🤙🏻👍🏻
Nah. If they dont have tvs than thats a no
Home Alone! I didn't get it until Suzanne slapped her cheeks🤣.
American Airlines is the worst. Their airplanes are old and small. Most of them don't have screens, and those plastic and rubber back seats/tables are small, cheap-looking, and nasty. Landings were very rough on three of my four flights. One of the US planes had no air conditioning. Almost every flight was delayed, and the pilots were unprofessional and not empathetic. However, the most terrible thing was the flight from Charlotte to PCB!!! First, it was postponed. Then we waited inside a plane, almost 1,5. They fixed the radio. Then, the flight attendant started being anxious and looked afraid of something. It was a scary flight because of the high turbulence and the pilots acted weirdly. They kept silent and did some maneuvers instead of trying to land as usual—3 hr instead of 50 minutes. Something went wrong, and the people weren’t informed. Such a traumatic experience! Never again.
Southwest and Breeze are definitely not comparable to Jetblue.  Jetblue is much better!
Ey how tall are U!?
If he likes United he likes United it’s his opinion, my opinion is delta
US air bought AA, have you notice it’s not the same anymore?
Tips  -bring cash  -bring a big empty water bottle
USA airlines are the worst in the world . I will NEVER fly with them again .
I'm not a big fan of American Airlines. Delta in my opinion is the BEST Airline but never flew with United.
If you have connections with AA, do you carry the wifi you purchased on the first leg?
hey im fine taking only a biscoff and savign 30 dollars and bringing my own cheaper snacks :3
Not to criticize you or Suzanne, but you had Pistachios in your snack bag, which could cause a serious health issue if someone else on a flight with you has a nut allergy.
Southern is my favorite airline, small planes are so much faster to board and the short flights are nice time savers for work.
Nice video, thanks for sharing! Also, is that a Grand Seiko on your wrist? Good taste in watches! Cheers from Denver.
I’m a concierge key and American Airlines is the best
I’m pretty excited for Delta Airlines. This is going to be my first time flying on a plane to Florida and back on American Airlines. I am so excited for our trip and I’m glad to see this video.❤ 1:24
I'm glad that seen you both flight Boeing 737NG & 737MAX. By the way I am the Boeing 737NG/MAX Functional Test Q.A. I seen your recording AC and PSU all those been tested and inspected by me and my team. I provide my good Quality to the product and to people who flight these 737NG/MAX including my family as well. Thank you for making this video and flight along with our Boeing Product.   Virakmony the 737MAX Functional Test Q.A
Just flew with delta first last last Friday wifi is a W & fast i will fly with them again idk about American
It would have been nice to know what the United flight would have cost under normal condition's, not just to accommodate your tight schedule to do all 3 in the same day. Thus the huge price difference implied United was close to double the price. That said, many of us Continental fans had hoped United would have improved with the merger, but sadly the Continental service/experience is giving way to United's old ways.
Jeb’s connection between delta and united he became an airport dad
I'd be embarrassed working for United.. They want to force people to pay extra for REGULAR economy seats.  An aisle is now premium?  And any economy window seat is premium?  They are the extremely cramped economy seats that give everyone leg cramps.  You can't even reach into a bag under your seat.  It's too cramped to get anything out.  And they will put anyone 8n an exit row that PAYS money for it.  They don't care about safety. The 99 year old grandma is supposed to help people off the plane.  And a Professional Firefighter can't have a seat there to rescue people?   So infuriating.   And they can't use the excuse that everyone else charges.  United, you have to simply be accountable    And they don't even want to hear comments from citizens because they block comments at all their youtube videos.  They know that they would get thousands of complaints.
They're ALL horrible, British Airways is the BEST.
How much was their total ticket tho? Looks like they spent like 500 bucks for the flight
Sorry, I refuse to fly United on the morality issue. United CEO is a drag queen.
11:05… Not for me thanks! I do not fly peashooter puddle hopper flying coffins.
Why people criticize so much about our country airlines !!! We gotta encourage our people and our airline employees to do better and not pull them down !!! And also we should be grateful that we can fly because so many people can’t afford in other parts of the world!!! I am a proud flyer with United !!! Come on people you gotta embrace our airlines, sometimes you do get bad people but that’s not mean it’s the airline
I prefer Delta myself.  The only thing I saw that was negative was the lack of communication on your flight but I haven't experienced that and the delay on the runway was really not the fault of Delta but more the fault of the airport and how its set up!  The ballooned price on United was definitely a big negative...so yes, it's Delta for me!  American was never in the running, in my opinion!
where are the bathrooms located on each airline?
DELTA AIRLINES ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE CRAMPED SEATS OLD AIRCRAFT ,  RAGGEDY , THE. ,THE FOOD IF I GAVE IT TO MY DOG HE'D BITE ME. , THIS WAS FROM KOREA TO SAN FRAN  THE ONLY SAVING GRACE WAS THE CABIN STAFF WHO WERE EXCELLENT, THEY SHOULD BE WORKING FOR JAPAN AIRLINES. NOW WHEN I HAVE A CONNECTING FLIGHT I MAKE SURE OF 2 THINGS 1. ITS NOT A BOEING AIRCRAFT. 2ND THATS ITS NOT DELTA AIRLINES , AIR CANADA IS OK BUT THEY TEND TO BE LATE OR CANCEL QUIT FREQUENTLY. DELTA AND BOEING   NO WAY I DONT WANT MY DOG TO BITE ME  AND I REALLY DONT WANT THE DOORS OR WINGS TO FALL OFF
I always good things about Delta from friends. I've never flown Delta but I've flown with one of their SkyTeam partners a couple of times for international flights. Was happy with the service. My experience with American Airlines is mixed (it's the delays mainly; I had a flight delayed by 9 hours) but my most recent flights with them were generally pleasant. I've always flown United and I'm happy with them. Never really had an ugly experience with them besides minor delays.   Price-wise, United Airlines works for me best since I'm flying hub to hub, I get a better price range and more options in terms of times. The United App is the best airline app I've used so far (comparing it to international and domestic carriers I've taken)! I'm also happy with United MileagePlus, I rarely get upgraded for domestic flights due to hub-to-hub flights, but it shines when I take international flights with United or its Star Alliance partners, I've gotten upgraded before, and faster service at the counter courtesy of Star Alliance Gold.
Though I haven't flown these airlines, I can safely say how my legroom experience would be in these airlines, as a tall person. Delta: cramped United: cramped American: cramped
Worst airport ever!!
I've never had a delta flight where the Flight Crew didn't talk before departing the gate. I just thought that was normal for all airlines. United I don't fly with because when I've flown into O'Hare my gate has changed a minimum of 3 times once I land.
What I never understood when they boarded why can’t they let the back go first then the middle and front and when they arrived let the first then middle and back go , it would be so much smoother, or is reason who pays more go fist 🤔
You two are so cute! Pure entertainment. Heading on American Airlines to London in 3 days. Wish me luck!
I will never look at booking a American flight ever again i use delta All day and no problems I've flown over 100000 miles in the USA and international and Delta is awesome and another great airline in Asia is Cebu Pacific
My favorite airliner is United Airlines, with second place is Delta, I'm a little disappointed at united because they are expensive and not including a screen is a huge downside for me so on this flight I'll prefer Delta
The value was comparatively poor on United when the fare price is factored in. Delta seems like the best of the three in terms of what you got for what you paid. If you added a sixth column for value, Delta's overall score would edge out United.
Dang..... we are on American today know we know what to aim for!!!
Delta consistently has the best on time stats and mishandled baggage rates according to the DOT. You can't really capture that in one flight experience obviously, but that's pretty freaking important to me when I purchase a ticket to somewhere I need to be.
My ❤ airline is American
One thing that's really uncomfortable on most of these flights, (was visible in Delta and possibly from United in this video) are the knee level pouches (like at 3:07 on Delta) that have a metal frame around the edges.  Being on the taller side (ie: long legs), that metal bar is always tight on my legs, with pressure just below my knee and creates a good amount of pain on my kneecap tendon.  No real way to shift/move it or pad it.  Really wish they would get rid of those pouches or increase the amount of distance a small amount.   (Oddly enough, I tend to not have this issue as much on the discount carriers (spirit, frontier, allegiant), but just on the big 3.)
I would love to hear a review of these seats when the person is over 6 feet tall.
All the same crap. It's economy...
Is it me or is this a United shill? Interesting how you really wanted United to win…
The Con Man of the century come up with another scheme to milk these suckers.  Good riddance damn fools🤭🤔
Delta may be the worst at loyalty and miles redemption, but they have far and away the best product of the big three. Even on short haul flights, it’s great. Skyclubs are even better than centurion lounges, and make it worth your while to book a main cabin fare.
not surprised by these i knew itd be delta or united cause AA is bad
I love Emirates
I made my first cross country trip on American (typically fly Delta) and was highly impressed though not so much for shelling out 25 per trip for WiFi BUT it’s covered. I did fly Airbus because…ya know…Boeing….eeeeshhh.
Do spirit 😂
Love you Madam Mayor!!! 😘
The lack of communication on Delta must be a company culture thing. I was on an international flight to Ghana and I literally don’t remember the pilot talking at all! It was the weirdest flight ever
Delta #1
I tallied up both the first class video and this video together Results:  1. Delta 2. United 3. American
I went to Hawaii  had no problems. Took backpack and a purse. And a bag with snacks,  on the way back. Backpack and purse, the lady said i had to pay for one of them. I showed her,  my purse had only snacks,  it was a small 4by6. Bag, she didn't care. So i threw the  snacks  away. Put my little purse in my backpack. Was i upset yes!! 5 hrs without snacks for my grandson. I think that lady was just mean.😮 oh it was united airlines
Flew delta cross country..was great the wifi took a little while to work but the screen works the entire time. Don’t forget your aux cable if you want to use your own headphones..they do hand out free headphones tho so all good
american airlines wcomonny sometimes has tv’s
Thank you for doing this video.  Great job on the details.
I fly alot for work and typically united does not have plugs past row 21. Which is a reason I avoid them.
Please try Southern airways. Used to fly them from Dallas to my small hometown and it was very convenient!
I’m going to find out after flying three routes I already tried American. The best thing of them is WiFi
Delta wins every single time.
Flying on United is like flying on Delta 10 years ago. Especially the way the cabin looks
I fly no one else but southwest
American needs to step up. I worked as a check in agent years ago and they offered the same boring cookies.
AA sucks stinks and the space is limited
There is a new lounge in Atlanta  at E11
My experience with American is great. I once missed my flight 6 in the morning. The lady at the customer service was so nice. She printed me a ticket and told me I was on the wait list for the next flight to the same designation. Unfortunately there were like 8 of us on that wait list. So when the next plane came, I didn't make it on. I went to the same lady and she printed me another ticket.  Another 2 hrs later I finally made it to North Carolina,  which of course, missed my connecting flight. I talked to the customer service and again, they printed me a ticket for NYC. I was so surprised bc there were no info for this last flight on the monitor. I guessed they just made one seeing so many of us were still here. lol Anyway I made it to NYC, 7 hrs late.  Another thing about American is they must often have higher age group for their flight attendants. They were all very nice. However their TV on the the seat were super old. Like some of them don't seem to work. There is another flight that there is no TV whatsoever. As long as you bring your own entertainment, you will be fine. The best thing about United is that as T-mobile user, we got free wifi. I was so surprised and happy to learn that.
I really love American. It’s usually the most affordable option and haven’t really see a noticeable difference between them and the other 2 major airlines
Knee room is just a matter of how reclined the back seat of the person in front of you will be. At 6'7'' this worries me and makes me hate all air and coach transport maybe except the one you experienced with the "Jet"
I will say the harshness on delta for delay is too much. When taxing you are subject to air traffic control... At one time while flying delta the pilot worked with the tower to reroute us to a different gate after landing in JFK because the way we were going was so backed up... Thats the first time in my life the plane did a 180 on the ground lol
I THAUGHT UNITED WAS ALMOST 400, & THE OTHERS UNDER 150, & THEY WON??? I GUESS MONEY DOSE'NT MATTER TO U2!!?? BUT TO OTHERS ,🙆🤪 It does!$!
I booked travel for 18 years. The one mistake was booking through Chicago O'Hare (ORD). I avoid that airport, especially in the fall/winter months. I was shocked to see you left on-time with weather storms ahead of you.
United basic economy ticket with no carry on makes you check in at the airport kiosk and not on your phone...how ridiculous
United is honestly a garbage fire,  the last flight we had to deal with a toddler next to us on every flight (toddlers cry, babies sleep) and our dinner didn’t go as planned so the only food we got was a little ham sandwich
DELTA All the way ❤❤❤
I may have to give United a try but the lack of entertainment is bummer, especially with my young son who loves watching movies with Delta.
The Grand Seiko is amazing
Maybe I mis-understood here…but I have flown standard economy United and since I have the United credit card, I am allowed access to their Sky Clubs - free 2x each year. Remember I said I fly economy. You said airlines do not allow u access to their sky clubs if u fly economy. Correct?  I disagree.
Living in Atlanta, we sort of have to fly on Delta. But we think that Delta is the best airline in the US
Why hasn't anyone done a comparison of Southwest and sun county yet?
Delta offers delicious meals to purchase on East/West flights. Not short flights.
With the Delta AmEx, 1 checked bag is free, drinks are free, and main cabin boarding right after 1st class. If I book early, round trip coast to coast is usually $450-550. WiFi and entertainment is pretty varied and free.
I missed my delta connecting flight to Atlanta going to South Africa due to weather. They rebooked me the next day to Johannesburg in first class free!
I hate that United for the most part doesnt have any IFE screens. Not too big of a deal but just another reason why i usually choose Delta amongst the big 4.
I will flew in all 3 airlines.  I still believe Delta is better.
Ew SunChips 🤢
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Careful! Max-9! That's pretty brave.
This is an amazing well put together video. I'm flying solo first time on United soon!
I recently flew from Delhi to Mumbai.  About 2 hour and 15 minute flight.  We flew upgraded Economy.  $78.  We had a great crew, clean plane, good seat room, a free  full meal and free alcoholic drink!!
I flew spirit only 3 and 4 hour flight so who cares the way there I was crammed and crowded the arm rest was in my side. Middle seat was a buff dude to like not enjoyable, flight back no middle seat guy dude in the window seat was small and slept the whole way there. That was enjoyable but it was also a mid day flight rather then a 4am flight. Delta was like the second flight both ways even with person in the middle just way better experience.
Thank you for the Information could you provide me a Bank that United as Bank Cards with. I use my rewards points for Airline Tickets. Thank you for the review, I'll be waiting for a response so I can further my research in using United as my Primary Airline provider.
I would fly a budget airline before I fly American. They are at their level.  None of the American carriers can compete with most if the asian and middle-Eastern airlines.  They put all (and I mean all) of American carriers to shame in service, amenities, and value.
Three tips for flying economy 1. Always bring your own food because you don't know what they are going to serve you. 2. Always get the isle or window seat 3. Try sitting more to the front ( so you can get out and board fast)
I only want to fly First Class and or Private... Want a luxury Yacht like Jeff Bezos for travel not a cruise ship with thousands of people.  Want personalized VIP service with extreme luxury...  So let's just say I'm not traveling any time soon....
Delta is the best!!!!!! PERIOD
great video, you must take a acouunt the airplane´s age too
My flying days are long gone now. As my dad worked for AA, I grew up flying on AA throughout the 1970's and 1980's, so I am fortunate to have experienced some of the glamor and great meals, even in 'coach'. And first-class was FIRST-class. Even AA's 727-023 had a small coach lounge across from the galley, right in front of the wing until 1976! I continued as a frequent flyer to 2007, and I watched as the in-flight amenities decreased. Now it is basically no-frills in domestic coach, which is sad. I hope some day they bring a bit of the past back to life so people can enjoy their flights on occasion. Hopefully Jeb and other airline critics will help airlines to improve their passenger service, by showing them what's wrong.
I generally like united. Delta is fine but I haven't had the best experiences but not horrible either. Trying American soon but for mostly long haul on wide bodies. Not looking forward to the one leg in the 737-800 though based on your experience
Also worth a mention, ua will not take physical credit cards or cash....have to upload prior to flying
I always fly delta when i can. Not sure how you can blame delta for airport hiccups. So your favorite airline United charges for Wi-Fi, entertainment and snacks? And you got an upgrade. Oh my god, Hemispheres magazine, what a score!🙄
I've traveled in my work and I have been on most carriers.  I find that as for the service ON BOARD the aircraft it really comes down to plane to plane crews.
I will always be married to Delta. Without a doubt, the best airline. My flights to Toronto during the pandemic were comfortable and comforting. ❤️
United is the Best!! I only fly United.
waiting for you to do Premium economy next...
10:05 "bring your own drinks"  Just FYI, for drinks this means buying them or filling up your bottle AFTER security. Security wont let you though WITH drinks. (for those not in the know)
You caught a bad ground crew/airport for delta. I’ve never had that problem and I’ve flown with them 3 times.
US and EU airlines are all cheap-asses. Economy legroom is unacceptable. They should be required by law to provide more leg room and a hot meal on any flight over 3 hours. Back of seat infotainment is the main thing for me, so good for Delta.  I have rarely flown American, and now I will make a point of it. $19 for crappy wifi, AA? You really suck. Good review, thank you.
I disagree with your ranking. To me, back of seat infotainment trumps the other stuff (given that they all have poor leg room). I don't drag my laptop around anymore and something to watch makes the flight feel faster. I resent UA's wifi charge and American's is outrageous. I won't pay it. (I do enjoy UA's Hemispheres magazine though.) To me, Delta is the winner here (though an hour taxing is ridiculous.) An actual helpful video, thank you!
Delta is my go-to. Service has been great maybe 98% of the time, and I love that their fleet is dominated by airbus. United is too reliant on Boeing which, well, we know isn’t doing too hot these days.
Can't say I'll ever want to fly on a Max 9 after everything that's happened to them
2:51-2:59 But you can bring a carryon and checked bag on basic economy - you just need to pay extra for that.
The correct order is the actual order of your flights. Delta, United, American.
This video could have been 6 minutes long. Two minutes into the video and I got 15 seconds of wanted info.
Many many years ago as a child I remember getting a hot meal on an airplane. How times have changed!
Delta is horrible. Even their first class is ahhh
United is my favorite airline! Thanks for the video ❤
What a horrible video… you got United’s old business class which is not comparable to the other airlines…
You sound spoiled with all of those comments about business class.  Boo hoo i couldn't go into the lounge 😂
16:32 American: felt like the crew had somewhere better to be.   That is almost always how a passenger feels on American.
a lot of people told me that Delta sucks the only one i flew was southwest
I guess you never experienced united not having AC yet
With the Alaska flight on then 737 MAX 9, i think the new 737s’ will be the new Md11, or I’m going too far…
Very interesting video! Thanks! My husband flies United Airlines so that was great!😊😁
Delta is my most favorite airline. AA is my second most favorite, the biscoff cookies are just amazing and their service is outright fabulous. United is good but not so good
You never include Jet Blue which is by far one of the best airlines in the U.S.
I found that my flights at the same destination depends on the plane some are older and uncomfortable. I have been using AA but during two years I change to Delta and let me tell you that it has been a better experience. Of course Delta was expensive but it worth it.
I've flown all 3 as well and only ever economy, but my planes have never looked this nice. Our 3 packed seats per row were always cardboard thin with no pillow thing, rarely any back recline, no plugs-ins for anything, and no TVs. This doesn't seem like it's real. Fly the real economy.
All right. So I had the opportunity to fly with all these airlines just last year and I am here to comment. I found that each airline had its own strength and weaknesses and this is what I witnessed.   Delta just has fast and the best customer service. There are very little if any delays. They feed you in the air with complimentary snacks. They also have entertainment (sometimes, if you are in the exit rows and your airline does not have t.v. in those exit rows). American has delays when they land (airline still pushing back). I have also witnessed that they will make excuses to feed you (turbulence, short flight, etc.). Their entertainment is top tier though because they have a dedicated wifi and website. United has a variety of snack options. Their entertainment is lacking (especially if they have you use their app or website). Their signal is horrible and if one looks for a movie title or show title, it may come back with the message "Do not have this option, please try another." I gave up looking! They also had the same problem with arriving at the airport, but having to wait on a previous plane to leave from one of their gates.
Your bad Delta experience is the norm for travelers.  Only the people in the southeast seem to like Delta, and never international travelers.
All you delta homers, please stay away from my United airlines where award winning service will always get my vote. 😊
Thank you for being an awesome and cool reviewer
What I learned is that when you travel on Asian airlines, even the smallest ones,  you can't believe wonderful they are & how horrible American Airlines are (both North & South America). No comparison, there is no excuse.
Those 737 from United and AA don’t have screen tf, all 737 I’ve flown with Delta have screen, te only one that didn’t was the CRJ 900
Mid - west express used to serve a hot meal for lunch to whoever wanted it -  nice too ! Me in flight , just 7-up & ice    Orlando to Milwaukee was always fun !  One pilot would always  Walk through the entire cabin to say hello and check the rear toilet . Two by two MD -80  nice  And friendly  and leather seating … now days it seems like a fight or drunk a hole on board .  WTF ? Shet has gone sooo down hill that I choose to a lot 2 weeks and drive my truck  - What was a fun experience is now to be avoided at whatever cost  -  I have a new truck but I  Cannot afford a aircraft of any kind … I think ?    Hummm.
Talking down about Delta making you “late” for boarding yet you seemed to be the first person on the plane. I think  Delta is hands down the best though it was pretty obvious you were biased in favor of United. I guess if you don’t like free entertainment, WiFi and snacks then United is the way to go.
Most important is a safe flight. Forget about food. Hopefully they offer a beverage. More seat and leg room matters .
I would state Delta because they at least give you beverages and food. American Airlines makes excuses on turbulence or the time not being enough between places. American Airlines has the best entertainment because one can just watch on their phone. I was in emergency row from Delta from CA to GA and there was NO t.v. I would imagine I could have at least watched something on my cell phone by connecting to wifi on American Airlines.
A united no le importa si te daña la vida  Solo te cambian el vuelo directo a uno  Con escala y ya, les importa un carajo  Que uno tiene contados los días de vacaciones.
Shocked 😮 by the winner
People complaining about service not being "exciting" when they're paying 150 bucks to fly doesn't really ring the bell for me. Take the bus and see how service is there. Let's get the fares back up to 4-500 dollars for the cheap seats and you'll see better service. But when airlines are running at such thin margins per flight, something's gotta give. People would be surprised how much airlines make on an average flight considering the capital costs of jets and fuel costs.
American is convenient from where I live but I recently flew Delta and it quickly became a favorite.
This was a great comparison, like many others have stated most are done with the more expensive seats, I personally always choose Delta because they have the flights I need and I've never had a bad experience with them, I've flown United as well and they are a good second choice for me.  Never flown American and probably still won't especially after this review as it doesn't seem like its worth me spending my money on them lol.
Personally, I think Delta won
I feel like Delta got the short end since Denver to Chicago and Chicago to NYC were both hub to hub, while Delta's Rocky Mountain hub is Salt Lake City.
Thats cool.Jeb knows the age of tge aircrafts.
Jeb,you have a natual narrating voice.Made for it,like Mike Rowe!
I fly these 3 regularly. They have their ups and downs. Honestly, it comes down to the available routes, times, and prices.  The only major thing that stood out for me was on the international long-hail flights when I visit family in Peru.  I've flown the American MIA <-> LIM route and the Delta ATL <-> LIM routes. I haven't tried the United IAH <-> LIM route yet.  The food on American was not as good and they often switched between different aircraft models of varying sizes. Delta served better, warm meals and better food options, and they consistently ran their A380 on once daily flights. I'm a fan of those wide-body aircraft. However, American has more, smaller flights throughout the day, so more options. One of these trips, I'll try United and see how it is.
The cheapest one is always the best one.
Comparing the 3 worst airlines in the world in a video. Love this. Keep up the good work. The US airline industry is really bad and they need an eye opener.
At 5'7," 157 pounds, and a 31 inch waistline, any seat for me is a first class seat (without the services of course).
I would say Southwest but you didn't even critique them. ...and they fly more passengers domestically than any other airline.
Delta all day long. The only airline I’ll fly. This was definitely rigged toward United.
Delta is the best airlines hands down, United and American don’t compare. I will not fly anything else unless Delta doesn’t go to my destination.✌🏾
On Delta even Basic Economy BE,  have the same baggage as main cabin. 1 carry on and 1 personal.
Honestly, I'd say Delta is the best everytime
JetBlue #1...i fly out of Boston Logan to Las Vegas and ill take JetBlue everytime.
Am I the only one who doesn't care about flying first class?
I fly alot.retired crew. Bring my own water,snacks and food. I travel international and bring my own food. On long flts, must watch salt intake caffeine and alcohol. Food is oversalted. after 10 hrs in the air,feet are swollen. Enjoy
I do bring my own drink and snacks too
I don't like flying today. They're cramming way too many seats on board. I used to pay extra for Delta because they used to have the biggest seats. I don't like being crammed shoulder to shoulder. That's why we used to pay for flying. Now it feels like I'm taking the bus.
I have flown all three airlines a lot, but... for me... I avoid United purely for the airports I always have to go through. I don't like going through ORD or IAH and it seems like I have to go through them for every united flight. I will pay an extra $100 to avoid those airports. I'll drive 4-6hrs to go through dallas just to avoid IAH. I've also never flown United where something didn't mechanically fail with the plane, forcing a 3-4hr wait for maintenance to repair the problem, or in one case changing planes altogether because they couldn't get a light to work. The crews seem pretty cool on united though and if the plane can actually take off, the flights are fine.  I never had anything against AA, until i made the mistake of buying a trip that was shared between Korean Air and American Air. The first leg was on a Korean Air plane with a Korean Air crew and the second was run by AA on an AA plane. I know it's not fair to compare those two airlines but it was all one ticket so, they're  basically asking to be compared and the difference in quality on everything was so jarring Ive not been able to fly AA since.   Delta is fine. My experience with Delta is that I was on an airplane and it took me from where I was to where I wanted to go. Nothing really notable at all actually, good or bad, which is a win for me.
Delta constantly overbooked their flights, you are more likely to experience an issue with your flight due to overbooking on Delta then you will with United, American, Alaska Airlines or any other major. For this reason I put Delta just above Southwest. If you are ever on a flight and it’s too short for service, or too bumpy you may use your call button. When they are available they will bring you something. If you are ever worried about the seat size, pitch etc the information is typically available to you on the website or app but always remember that these thing can depend on the plane itself not necessarily the airline it belongs to.
Why
my top tip to fly ecnomy is bring your credit card and make an upgrade, lol
Delta all fay
I usually fly delta and they always say what’s going on:(  Of course i haven’t flown since 2020 🤣
American Airlines is the absolute worst. Spirit has been better to me
I love Delta!  Their crews are so kind and pleasant out of all the carriers reviewed.
Delta is the best of the Legacy Three imo. They really take care of you.
You entered planes with a lot of overhead bin space.  Did you pre-board?  Had your first place been late and you were forced to check your carry-on you would have been screwed with 3 different airlines and 3 separate flights.  You would have missed both flights and would be out the ticket fares...
After two horrible experiences with United Airlines in Chicago in a 3 month period, I refused to ever fly with them again.   That was probably 15 years ago.  Maybe they’ve improved, but I’m not going to chance it.
😂what is a "full" half inch?    A half inch is a half inch.  I hate delta;  on a flight from Atlanta to Rome they switched our seats at the gate and the new seats were right across from the bathrooms!!!!! Horrible for all those hours!😤 And I'd hope United would win since they were more expensive.$$$
I prefer KLM myself. Employeess of all three of these airlines should be required to take courtesy lessons, as well as general "how to serve customers well" instruction, from KLM!
United is o.k. as long as nothing changes or goes wrong. For example, why can't you get a refund on seat selection if you change your flight? It's just a bit of programming but man, they don't want to let go of an easy buck. They've had $500 of mine since covid when there were only credits, no refunds,  which have so many restrictions on usage, it's just nonsense. And you can only use one credit per flight and they confusingly have 2 kinds of credits, neither of which can be used for, say, extra baggage charges. Of all the airlines I've flown, United is my least favorite. American domestic airlines feel like steerage. International airlines spoil you, even in economy.
Thank you for the video.  Also, nice Grand Seiko.
They all suck lol. East asian airlines are far superior. Delta has to be the winner if its between only US airlines though.
All airlines need seat room big enough and leg room big enough that no one has to manspan or have elbow fights.  The recline needs to be set at a height that no one can complain.   The free inflight movie and flight map are a cheap method to help people relax and be quiet.
Love the Rick Steves shirt! Lol
It sucks im plus sized or id fly delta/united economy easily. im pretty much stuck to spirits big front seat, which has risen in cost to almost $900 (for my 5 1/2hr flight)
United Airlines served ice cold. They rather throw it away than the passengers eat them if it is served right. I travelled 14  hours with all their bread in 3 meals are ice cold. Who will eat them???  It sucks!!!
Good comparison.  Personally, the Free Wifi on Delta is a Plus.  If Wifi is a MUST, then a Delta flight is $8 (or more) cheaper than United/AA assuming their original fare are similar.  Of course, sometime we don't actually have all 3 choices as the route we fly dictates who is available.  Overall, I think I will most likely stick to these 3 carriers instead of the low cost airlines.  These days, low cost airlines charge for everything even a carry-on, so after all the extra charges, it's actually cheaper to fly on Delta/United/AA.
I have used 2 of the 3 companies, united is definitely my favorite
I am so over your jeb score. Try something new to describe the experience.
United ran out all food except for a spicy vegan meal on a 10 hour flight from Athens to Newark with just a brief apology……GRRR!
Nobody should be reclining on any short/domestic flights.  That's an a-hole passenger.
Delta is my favvvv, woke company, inclusive, always improving, movies are great, comfy seats, etc. All the rest are soooo behind the times ❤
Im pretty sure ill always like Delta the most. Ive only flown Delta, but i doubt any other would sway me.
So do you not have to go through security again when you fly different itineraries?
Yup I usually like to fly United. When I tried Delta it was not organized at all and they did not have room for carry on. It was absurdly ridiculous. Not to mention for some reason it felt more cramped on Delta than when I fly United. Overall my experience with United is way better the employees seem more friendly and they keep the passengers updated thought the flight.
I am a small woman and will never fly American because of width of seats and leg room. Absolutely miserable. United has been some or the dirtiest planes I have been on so I avoid them.
I hate flying United. Service is horrible. Flight attendants are close to rude. They brush you off very quickly. Make you feel sorry you ask for anything.
All those seats are too close together, it's ridiculous! Feel truly bad for those 6ft. & over people, no idea where you put your legs. I'm only 5'5 and my knees are almost touching the seat in front of me.
this was def informative, and enjoyed watching.  interesting to see all you did and in one day.     i have to say tho, that these days my heart goes out to all the airline workers.... w/people being so entitled anymore, it must be so draining to deal w/all kinds of people.  thankful for the customers who try and make the airline employees know they are appreciated and treat them w/kindness.
My husband and myself both prefer delta .
I don't fly any more.  I'm A big person and sitting in a three seat is very uncomfortable!   Unfortunately I can't afford first class so I just drive to my destination!
YAY!!  My dad worked for United, in the SFO maintenance base, until his retirement in 1962. :-)
By choosing seats in the middle of the cabin, you are actually among the first to arrive:  the mid-body wheels touch down before the nose wheel!  :-D
United is by far the worst!  I have never been more uncomfortable than in a United economy seat.  Felt like a sardine, all squeezed in, and there's no way to not be in physical contact with the person next to me.  I don't care about the snack situation, I care about the seats.  Very, very uncomfortable!
I fly Delta from NY to Detroit Michigan on the 22nd October i came back yesterday 28th Oct, Awesome 💯
Delta Arline are the best in my opinion out of the big three.   Just never had a bad experience with them and staff have always been friendly.  I especially like them for international travel.  There entertainment system is fantastic.
I’m here at the SeaTac airport N gate Alaska airlines lounge. Amazing views of mountains Question: why do some airplanes start takeoff before the lounge and some don’t start until after the lounge. ❤
All airlines have made seats ridiculously small Even took out armrests that previously separated seats .  I feel it is a contributor to passenger problems
United is always the best and will always be the best
I'm 6'3", the best economy seats are on Delta Airbus A350. Lot's of room.
Delta should allow skyclub access on a main cabin ticket, everything except basic economy.   Also check out the BNA club! I might even rank it higher than LAX.
Come Fly With us!
Doesn't happen to us in Delta Detroit. Must be LA.
Although the article was well-reported and entertaining, including ticket prices in the overall score would be fairer and more valuable, particularly for travelers on a specific airline.
I've flown on that mini plane and it was literally the scariest flight I've ever been on. It was winter and little did I know the airlines 2 hour connection was on one those. I had my infant son in my arms they made us check his carseat so we had to hold him the whole time and my husband and I were 👻 white when we got off. I couldn't even drink I was shaking so bad, it turns out we flew through a storm. Never again.
Gosh, the summary table with the scores was up so briefly at the end that I did really get to see it!
I just traveled American, this is a truthful observation. I’m 80, just to let you know the help I received was superior. However, I was never so uncomfortable in all my flying years. Absolutely no room. People crowding me. No room in front of me at all. I will never fly American again. I just had to tell you this. Susan b
I'll stay with Delta.
If you want to make yourself sick, check out videos of people flying in the 1970's vs today. Wide seats that even the largest person could CROSS THEIR LEGS in their seat there was that much leg room, normally two seats in each row, with an aisle down the middle, hot food served on almost every flight, planes that went where the passenger was actually going instead of a stupid hub where one had to transfer and the list goes on. Thanks, Ronald Reagan. De-regulation of the airline industry, like all de-regulation, has made life worse for Americans.
How are they boarding on every flight before almost everyone else? I don’t buy snacks onboard so I don’t think things that cost extra should factor in their rating. Watching this I’d give Delta the #1 rating
United and Delta I avoid at all costs....lousy service on board and the planes on these two airlines were not clean and cramped.  Sorry American wins my travel!!!!
I notice while boarding all three planes, you were entering almost empty planes. Bu the biggest problem for all three airlines is shortage of overhead baggage space. I was on a United flight just yesterday and there was conflict over this issue amongst the passengers.
Southwest.  No frills.  Free luggage.  Free cancellation money saved.  Wish they flew everywhere
Being late for boarding..how was the plane so empty?
I've flown the three: Delta is my favorite.
My top tip for flying economy is to bring pain killers.
For me Delta all the way. In-flight entertainment and best airline for overseas flights. I mean why do I have to yank out my own electronics?! Built-in screens- so convenient!
I really hope quality improvement teams from the 3 US legacy carriers see your videos. Very insightful and helpful!
Why is United Airlines Susan's favorite airline?
I stopped flying commercial decades ago.  The way I fly now, I ALWAYS have plenty of leg room.  If you have no urgency to get to your destination and you are Active, Reserves, Retired military, then you too can take advantage of free flying and not feel like you are a sardine in a can in the USA and Worldwide for Active and Retired individuals.
We just finished a week in Europe and specifically bought business class up front because of health issues and know that we can't tolerate economy seats. We are now arguing with United because they stuck us in economy without notifying us and we want a refund. I was stuck in a middle seat between two large men and I could barely walk getting off the plane. I am 5' 5 1/2" and 135 pounds and the seats were miserable, so I can only imagine how miserable bigger people are. I need a hip replacement and am still hurting 2 weeks later. It is ridiculous that they put people in thise torture chambers. Fortunately we were on SAS from Copenhagen to Chicago and didn't have a repeat if the torture. The lounge is always worth it.
Wow
I've been traveling globally regularly over three decades. The one airline that consistently has the worst service is Delta. It's like that's the airline where cabin crew go for their career to die or is already dead. They always seem miserable and hate their jobs, and by default, the passengers.  I get that people are at their worst when flying, but staff should be able to deal with it or get a different job. Recently I flew Delta and connected to Korean Air and customer service and food wise, it was like going from a broke down Pinto to a Bentley. Korean Air crew are friendly, helpful, and not annoyed by passengers requests. And the food was a 1000% better on Korean Air. I only use Delta because I have to for a specific international route I take. I would pay more with a different airline if I could.
If you can try this 3  lines over sea 🌊!! How you can seat is this license for 10 and 11 hours or more in the seats!! and of course your moneys more more more expensive??
Delta will always be my favorite tho
Amex platinum? I think you can. Still do lounges with economy until next year?
Hey Jeb…It would be interesting to watch a new video flying from New York to Los Angeles on first class on the top 3 US airlines!
Who is the best? Alaska
You should review Souncountry Airlines out of Minneapolis
From my personal experience, between Delta and United, Delta is by far the more consistent regarding quality of services, both onboard and on the ground. Of course some flights and some experiences will vary at the same airline, from day to day, moment to moment, because it's impossible for experiences to be the same literally every single time. So again, I look at consistency across the board. For example, I go through LAX a lot, and while people have a tendency to hoard around or rush the gate area and the boarding queue lines, Delta has always been professional and organised. No matter what flight I take, or what airport, they have a system of whom to board first and in what order, and they do occasionally ask folks to not crowd around the boarding lines. But anyway, I don't find the DL experience to be chaotic on the ground as Jeb experienced; I find it to be quite "normal", if I can use that word.  As some have pointed out, the hour-long taxi at LAX is not DL's fault. That's just the route the ATC gave them. Pushback 9 minutes late isn't too bad, and regardless what airline I wouldn't consider that to be a significant delay. FAA counts a flight as delayed if it pushes back 15 minutes late or greater. But again, from personal experience, I find DL to be the more on-time. In my 20+ flights I've taken with them this year, not a single one has been late....yet. There's still 2 more months in the year, and I still have a handful of flights with them, so we shall see what happens, but for the most part, they're very on time, and the DOT statistics show that as well. I think they have an 86% ontime record, or something really high like that.  Really, the only way UA ranks better than DL is that they sell snack boxes on flights of shorter duration...that's it. Some people say that the seat width is naturally wider on the DL planes due to being the A320 series versus 737 (the flight that Jeb took in this video).... well, I credit that to DL picking the more comfortable plane to fly their passengers LoL. DL does have a bunch of 737s unfortunately, but I'm thankful they have more of the Airbuses. And this is coming from a huge Boeing fan. When it comes to the A320 series vs 737 series....the former is just so much better.  And AA.....they're just significantly a step below both UA and DL. Their cabin crew are more consistently surly and disinterested, they have the fewest amenities, and they're the most often delayed. I'll go with DL and UA, thank you very much, but more so DL for their consistency which I'm satisfied with.
I took an economy American flight for my dad's funeral back in April. Wi-Fi was free if you joined their online program and that was free. I'm surprised this wasn't available. Also, I chose against United and Delta because they were going to charge for a single carry on. American not only did this for free but going and returning they offered to check my carry on for free as there were an abundance of carry ons. And I talked to all three customer service areas as this was a a rush booking for a funeral and American by far had the best service and was the most accommodating. Everything was about cost as I moved to Chicago right before the pandemic and have been stuck with lower paying contract jobs until recently and American definitely offered the most to help me afford getting home and back for this trying event. I just want to give them some love.
With United, you are lucky to leave within 2 hours after scheduled departure. I was delayed in LAX for 3 hours trying to get to Melbourne. Then leaving Melbourne, sat for  4 hours this time waiting to depart, the captain lets everyone out to stretch in the jetway. After a moment the flight was canceled over a light bulb.  A 747 full of people having to rebook themselves, United may offer comfort, but their reliability is as bad as a 2018 and newer Jeep. I worked for United and nothing has changed  in 20 years. Good luck
Top tip for economy? Simple—patience. And if seating is assigned, get on towards the end of boarding time. No sense in sitting in tight quarters longer than you have to.
I really enjoyed United when we flew. As far as food I had the best hamburger ever on an airline and the charcuterie was good too!
As someone who’s flown millions of miles, I have the following suggestions for flying. 1. Always have your own snacks and water bottle. 2. Always bring a battery pack for charging. 3. Always have your own headphones.  4. Always have inflatable lumbar support. 5. Bring hand sanitizer and disinfectant wipes.  6. Never, never wear shorts, or or toeless shoes.  7. Always wear warm clothes and bring a jacket.  8. Make sure your toiletries bag and medications are in your carryon.  9. Carry a change of underwear and socks in your carryon.  10. Bring some form of personal entertainment; books, downloaded movies, etc… 11. DO NOT drink coffee or hot tea on board unless you bring. They use the onboard water supply. Just look up studies done on the onboard water supply.
Grab the emergency exit row- the one with leg room. Nicer than comfort.
I fly southwest lol
I’m still going to fly Delta.
We always choose Delta if possible. AA is ok. But my husband and I even before we met had both had numerous horrid customer service experiences with United. I grew up with O'hare as my home airport and still would go out of my way to avoid United after being shouted at by customer service agents, watching a customer service agent mock a family for not speaking English well, and several other issues. Meanwhile I have always had positive experiences with Delta. We were traveling to Europe and had a weather delay meaning that we were going to miss our flight, in 15 minutes Delta rebooked us on seats together (even though we were still dating at the time and had purchased our seats separately).
Interesting video! Delta is my preferred airline, and actually United is dead last for me. I find their seats to be extremely uncomfortable. Delta’s seat-back monitor is the main reason I go with them though.
Flat out best economy I’ve ever flown: hands down, ZipAir, a subsidiary of JapanAirlines. Aptly named, you get your airfare and one free carryon and one personal bag. Otherwise, you get ZIP! You’ll pay for everything, coffee ($4 for an 8 oz cup), $2 for a small bottle of water. Meals are actually quite tasty, but still, not worth the $18-20. You’ll pay for checked bags. No inflight movies or internet, but you can recharge your electronics.  So, ZIP frills. But absolutely the most comfortable seat I’ve ever sat in in economy. Roomy, and supportive. The economy seats don’t fully recline, but even on the 11 hr flight from the west coast to Japan, super comfy. ZipAir also has a very good on-time departure and arrival record. Safety is top notch. All planes I’ve been on are very clean, and well maintained.   Bottom line, if you’re going to Japan, ZipAir R/T is around $580-$800 base fare. Cheapest I found on major carriers has been around $1200-$1800 for economy. ZipAir often has business class for $1200ish. Plus, if you have a big layover like 4 hrs till your flight, you can purchase entrance to the JAL prestige club. Bring your own snacks, drinks and food, entertainment, reading material, whatever. Save your dinero for the wonders of Japan!❤️
It looks like you had priority boarding on each flight so I wouldn’t say that offers the most accurate experience. There’s plenty of opportunity for airlines to screw up if you are boarding as economy class in group 5+.
I haven’t flown since COVID, and I don’t usually fly much anyway. But just last week I flew American from SFO to JAX and then Delta from JAX to LAS. The biggest difference I noted, and it’s very important to me though you never mentioned it, is how far back the seats recline. I discovered that the seats on my American flight barely reclined at all, to the point that it really didn’t matter if I reclined the seat back or not. But the seats on Delta had a new reclining mechanism that I had never seen before.  The seat bottom would shift forward and the back would tilt back. The net effects were that the top of the seat back didn’t encroach very much on the passenger behind me, but the amount of tilt was much greater than any airline I had flown in recent memory. The other effect is that it shifted the passenger’s upper legs and knees forward, decreasing knee room. I’m only 5’8”, so that didn’t have any real impact on me, but since I was reclining my seat so I could sleep on the long cross country flight, I really appreciated the extra angle this new seat design afforded.  Taller passengers that want to recline/sleep might want to upgrade to economy plus to gain the extra seat pitch that would reduce their chances of knees banging into the back of the seat in front of them when the seat bottom shifts forward on recline.
Your risking your life flying today with lower requirements for pilots and told trainers are pressured to push pilots through. We are not hiring the best but based on other criteria.
I will be flying for the first time in 20 years, and it will be on Delta Economy (main cabin).  Will I be allowed to check a bag and bring any carry-ons? Or can I not check a bag at all?
American Airlines is the worst. Last month I flew New York to Dubai. There’s no legs room.😢
United is the worst airline. Don’t fly it
Debt wins as they had a safer aircraft (Airbus)
Delta has a direct flight from MSP to Amsterdam and then on smaller planes go to other cities. I love it. Flew United to and thought the plane was dirty and grungy. First to Newark, N.J. Then Edinburgh, Scotland transferred to Belfast.
Just flew on Breeze Airways round-trip from Pittsburgh to Tampa on a Airbus A220 with only two seats on the left side of the aisle and plenty of legroom and the seats are very comfortable. The October 5th flight out of Pittsburgh was the inaugural flight ✈️
Delta’s boarding process is always chaotic!    All airlines could make it easier if they just boarded first class first then board from the back of the plane to the front.   It’s always a free for all.  Get rid of carry on suitcases!  Or charge people to carry them on!
All domestic airlines in the US are mediocre at best. No comparison with foreign airlines. I flew from Seattle to Korea on Korean air. Unbelievable service. Excellent food. Kind, smiling attendants. Very clean aircraft to include the lavatories. Care package with toothpaste/brush and lotion for everyone. I flew coach (economy) and it was truly eye opening how our domestic carriers treat their customers.
Do like I did.  I bought my own twin-engine jet.
I hate flying. It is miserable and horrid. They treat customers like cattle. It is unsafe   I travel a lot as my job required it.  It’s uncomfortable and the stewardess do nothing for you. Don’t ask for anything just get on plane shut up and let them treat you like an animal and you won’t be thrown off or arrested.  Don’t drink or eat anything as even the water nasty!!  No leg room and seats too small and filthy   Planes are old and I don’t trust the mechanics to do their job right.   Bring back trains a better way to travel.    Greed has taken over these airline companies and we are the victims of their greed!!!!
All three are great!
I only fly DELTA because of the service, seat screen, and free carry-on.  United to me lack’s professional service.❤️✈️💙❤️✈️💙❤️✈️💙❤️✈️💙
Rarely fly these days. When I was traveling by air often 20+ years ago, my favorite was American. I loved those lunch sacks called Bistro Bags that you picked right before boarding the plane. So I’m really shocked to see that American’s singular snack option doesn’t even resemble food.  I really liked Southwest but they were only an option when I chose to arrive/depart from New Orleans. My family lived near Baton Rouge so I used that airport most.  I also had many Delta flights. United was usually too expensive for my routes.
United economy seats are extremely small. I was very uncomfortable
JetBlue is our favorite!!!
The agony and the agony…and the more agony.  Is there a winner? Not really. But there is a loser…and it’s YOU😂.
When you say streaming entertainment, does that mean it’s free as long as you have your own device and you don’t have to purchase their Wi-Fi??
Thanks for the side by side comparison!  Sadly on Delta there is no beverage service on 1.5 hr flights in economy.  I  don't know how they maintain the myth of premium service when main cabin is anything but premium.   Southwest manages to serve refreshments on 45 minute flights, and 2 free bags.  For domestic flights (if you can tolerate the open boarding) Southwest has much better service than the Big 3.
I usually fly United, but I always have to upgrade to business class because I'm a MOOSE! I simply don't fit in the economy seats. It's painful. My knees are smashed against the seat in front of me. I'm only 6'1" which doesn't seem so huge, but my legs are really long, I guess.
These flights are very under booked!
I wish airlines would board back to front like they used to- other than those who need help- there is no advantage on boarding first up front. It would make boarding so much easier
i can barely fit in united basic economy.
I wish American would bring back their seatback entertainment. I also hate that American doesn’t offer free texting/messaging.
airline in the U.S. should amp up their food options. In Asia, most flights has option for hot food.
Good video. Rankings are always going to be a judgement call.  IMHO, I'd give UA and AA a zero on IFE since they literally had none and also charge for WiFi.  Delta's gate experience at LAX is worst in the their system, so your bad luck to be originating from there.  Pilots should concentrate on workload items like check lists and air traffic control until they have the time to report accurate arrival information.  If no one said anything midflight about getting to DEN a half hour late, then that is indeed not good.
Delta, United, American, with American by far the least. American is surly and their customer service is disrespectful.
I remember when meals were included.  ......the good ol days.
Thanks for making the sacrifice.
Jeb ur silly!  Pitch is seat bottom to seat back, tail bone to knee
Middle seat always gets the armrest... period.
I Hate the boarding process. People just can't follow the rules.  Like cattle they head to the gate and block the process even of their group hasn't been called. Headaches
Hey, united might be your winner but at least you did not get your teeth knocked out on your flight.
We Never travel economy class, first class all the way always, especially international flights.
I only buy cheap flight tickets.  Bus is going to the same spot regardless, lol.  Spoiler alert: I've been on all of these, and they are all pretty much the same.  The main difference between economy and more expensive tickets is the ability to pick your seats and getting on/off the plane faster.
why would you do this to yourself
The only thing shrinking faster than American Airlines customer service is the size of their coach seats.
Working in the travel industry for the past year I've never had a passenger specifically say "No Delta" whereas I have had "No American" "No United" requests. That of course also includes the "Ugh... Pls not Southwest" responses as well.
I only fly every few years, and every time I do it, starting 30 years ago, it gets worse and worse.  The last time I flew 2 years ago, I felt like a sardine.  Airlines should be ashamed of themselves.
I’ve never had a good experience on American. The one time I flew 1sr class, the flight attendant add me check in my carry on bag. When I complained at the terminal, the manager said “too bad, fly another airline” I took her advice and never flew on American again, and have been much happier.
free wifi on delta??? since when???
Delta is goated best airlines in the world
My experience is United has the worst delays - I flew on that airline a few times but never again after delay after delay I say no way
Well informed passenger And well informed citizens make for happy campers
You talk too much.
United AND American in one day?! You poor, poor man.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A GOOD EXPERIENCE ON UNITED, NO WAY NOT TRAVELING THEM AND I LIVE IN CHICAGO. YOU JUST GOT LUCKY
Do Ryanair first class vs spirit first class
Great video idea. You’re selfie angle is creepy AF.
They are all awful 😂 Virginia was the best for me for economy. Pay a bit more if you can for longer trips.
Have flown them all. AA was the worst experience, and I told them so.
Let’s just call it what it is - steerage.
i’m sure everyone can recount the horrible experience with any airline, but the worst experience I’ve ever had was with United. I got word my sister was dying, and (fortunately, it turned out) we decided to fly immediately across the country to see what was up - at a cost of thousands of dollars - we paid more than the first class to sit in horrible seating.  As it turned out, my sister died shortly after we arrived.  Later, I was unable to get any “bereavement” refund from United. They just kept giving me a runaround with foreign-sounding “service” reps, and I was too upset to deal with them  (it still hurts to think about - a difficult time all around).  I guess, to qualify for bereavement. I would have had to wait till she actually died, and not see her for one last time.  SHAME on United.
I often fly American and Delta for work. They both have similar positives and negatives, in my opinion. Due to too many horrible experiences with United and their lack of customer service, I will never fly them again.
Nice comparison and I fly 2 to 3 times per month. United has few flights in my area and between delta and American there is no comparison. Delta is the winner. Plus if you check a bag the bag tracking is the best.
We flew Delta from BOS to MCO. Price was $240 per ticket. Included Wi-Fi, seat selection and carry-on bag. Also had personal entertainment screen and charging ports. Very nice experience. In contrast we flew back via Spirit. Yikes. Spirit cost more, for the same non-spot flight path. Only included checked bags, no Wi-Fi, no personal entertainment, and the “table” was smaller than most tablets and completely unusable for my kiddos to use for a small coloring book. The noises the Spirit plane when adjusting its wings were unsettling too. My 10 year old, for whom this was her 4th airplane experience, looked at me and said, “let’s not use Spirit again, please”.
Did you just say unflavored water
love to hear a similar comparison on transatlantic and transpacific planes… smart hop flights are in smaller planes
Flew Delta from Las Vegas to Seattle via LAX - no service between Vegas and LA which was kind of expected since it is a short flight.  At LAX the connecting flight was a mess to get to - had to go from one terminal to another via an underground tunnel, then a bus ride to a building, then a bus to the plane.  Ick.  LA to Seattle - long enough flight for at least beverage and snack - nothing at all.  Then the plane parks away from the main terminals and we have to ride a bus to the terminal.  Not sure I will fly Delta again.
economy more like ecrappy class
Delta is the best all the way
What’s the point comparing American companies 😅 they need to learn from Asian companies and Middle East companies for any kind of services 😂
We have flown the same route, and our experience was completely different. Never again United. The crew was not in control, and people missed the connecting flight. And the following day the flight was canceled by them, very pleasant when it's a Sunday and we had to work the following day. My experience with both American and Delta is so much better.
It’s been several years since I’ve had to fly anywhere, but thanks for confirming that American still sucks.
How short are you?  It makes a huge difference when one is over 6 ft. Tall
It’s been a while since I’ve flown but the last time was on American from the SF Bay Area to Richmond VA. The flight over wasn’t too bad other than getting stuck in TX because the pilot got stuck on another flight due to weather. But coming back, I got the torture seat from hell. For some reason, my seat was higher that the other two in the row (something underneath). This meant my feet didn’t touch the floor at all and my tray was useless because it was at an angle. Additionally my seat seamed to have a hole in the middle under the cover. It was like sitting on a toilet seat for several hours. I could barely walk after that flight. Since it was full, I was stuck. I would not take American again. How they thought that was acceptable to sell a seat like that is beyond me.
What we really need is a law specifying the minimum distance between seats. As a 6’3” passenger, I would likely die if I had to “assume the position” to supposedly minimize injury in case of an incident.
Why you don’t fly to Brazil 😊
There should be a class action lawsuit against the airline industry. They discriminate against taller passengers with the lack of legroom!
Wouldn’t all this change based on the plane and the specific layout the airlines ordered from the factory? Yup. Good idea. Terrible implementation.
😮What!? I can't believe you & Suzanne are downgrading and traveling "Economy".
All of that crap is really minor.  The BIGGEST thing is: do they get you (and your baggage) to your destination on time.  If not, how late will you be?  If there is a weather delay, will you get there the next day?  Three days later?  That is by far my biggest concern.
I just love how you're late for boarding going to Chicago. And yet there was no one on the Is plane... Dead give away of a fake video
I’ve flown all of these multiple times :  1. Delta  2. United 3. AA
How tall are you? Asking because of the room for our legs. Thanks
This is great perspective to see as we all become a bit biased. I've been a Delta person for about 15 years after flying all kinds of places domestically in a past job and found them the most consistent. As noted in a comment reply below, in shopping for a ticket last week, the United option wouldn't allow a carry-on - and wouldn't allow me to buy a carry-on; just buy a checked bag, so.. no thanks. And the American flights with a reasonable price all had 6 to 8 hour layovers; some overnight. Granted, it always depends on where you are flying to (in this case Puerto Rico); but I ended up on Delta. I find the service on Delta most consistent too, so I'm disappointed to hear that they made no announcements on being late, and for boarding. That's something they should make sure always happens. Also, Delta has a 20 minute bag guarantee. My GF flew American home from a trip once and waited an HOUR to get her bag in Madison WI! (after they MADE her check it, even though there was PLENTY of room in the overhead and people AFTER her were allowed to bring on bigger bags.) That's ridiculous! A Delta flight landed after her, and got their bags first because - accountability. Last anecdote - United had the WORST food I've ever had internationally. 12 hours from Tokyo to Chicago (Pre-pandemic trip.) and it was really bad. It was also VERY unpolished service (too many announcements, too disjointed in service and announcements, slow service and REALLY bad/gross food with poor options to start with.)  I flew ANA to Japan, United back and there was NO comparison. I've done Delta across the Atlantic a few times and it was FAR superior to United's flight to Tokyo.
United seat are so uncomfortable , the snacks and internet rip-off    Jet blue is a lot better
united
Who ever gives clear costs of checkin baggage and carry-on wins. Especially with international connection. American forces planner to buy 1st item separately (unkown cost)!
Correction for you Jeb, the only one of the 3 airlines you took that does NOT allow a carry on in domestic basic economy is United!! Both American and Delta allow it! And for international flights across the Atlantic and pacific all 3 allow carry ons in basic economy!!
I personally have always leaned towards Delta and can’t stand United. Don’t have much of an opinion for American.
I also have  been doing a lot of traveling.  I found united airlines is the best of all for domestic, but for international  Singapore or Thai. They care more for the customer's comfort.  The others making you feeling like you need them.
American does offer free inflight entertainment - you do need to access it through your own smart device. But it is free. They even include free Apple music. All T-Mobile users also get free wifi. Anyhow, I love that there are no screens. Makes the plane much lighter and environmentally friendly. People always carry their personal devices, anyhow. Even though it would add to the weight, I do wish American would offer more snacks/quick meal options for purchase. Recently flew from Miami to Phoenix and had to survive on a bag of pretzels.
Im biased, my mom worked for delta and basically only flew with them.   After flying other airlines, delta still wins.  Great pilots too.
I'm actually impressed that United beat the other 2. However, I can completely understand America not being the top as I've always seem to run into issues with them as ive flown with them all the way back to when I was a child. However, I was expecting Delta to do a little better.
This ciseo is pretty biased and not fully honest. If you're trying to compare economy, oerhaps should've picked same aircraft. If you go on a 320 or 737, compare it with same of each airline amd  ypu will realize the experience in UNITED and American will be drastically different. Not all narrowbodies are made equal. Also, Uniteds personal screen entertainment rarely works.
Nice watch. Grand Seiko GMT 👌🏻
I have good experience with both united and delta. I will avoid AA at all costs as they are usually the worst
All airlines are pretty atrocious these days. So no winners!
I love the physical magazines too Jeb. I was recently on LOT and I was so excited when I saw they still have a magazine.
Delta by far
United always cancels flights
i like alaska air
Don’t care about snacks, but the room you have is important for me.  I was on a United flight, sitting in the middle and couldn’t even cross my legs! And I am only 5’4!  I felt like a sardine in a can.  I could not imagine how a man could have dealt with that space!
I started a new job, last year, that requires me to travel a TON. Since July of 2022, I have flown atleast 10 times for 3 week long trips on average. Of those, half of those have been international flights but the national portions have been handled by either AA, United or Delta. In my experience, Delta has been the best reoccurring experience. AA had constant cancellations or delays. United flights just felt substandard to Delta in the overall experience. Delta was more often than not on time; crews appeared more energetic and courteous; and the aircraft were just better. Just my two cents.
You should have measured the bottom of the front seat for the personal item on all 3
YUMMY!
11:36 - Best Home Alone reference I can think of.
I prefer cars or trains anytime.
I find all three of these airlines horrible in every sense.  If I have to rank from bad to worse, I'd have to say United, American, then Delta.   Especially boarding, seat sales tactics, and customer service.  I live 15 minutes from Ohare and will drive all the way to Midway (over an hour away) just to have more options on SW.  I think all three airlines need to be allowed to go under during the next recession.  I can't believe in a capitalist country that puts so much emphasis on competition, we were forced to save them with our tax dollars during the pandemic.  Their lobbyists have ruined the opportunity for charter airlines to emerge, create competition, and improve the sector for many decades.
You music is too loud to actually hear all of your talking
I’m small and short and was still completely cramped, stuffed and painfully uncomfortable on Delta economy. $2500 ticket too. 👎
Kansas City’s delta club is my new favorite due to outdoor areas
Torture!
I didn’t have that leg clearance when traveling United to London in economy. I am 5ft and was on an isle seat. It was a 3 across x 4 x3.
Delta for win. I love to have my screen and track the plane or watch live tv and free wifi is in top on my priority. When you fly often 8 bucks can cost you a lot.
Great video with useful information. Thanks!
Would have been good to add parameters for allowance and price of checked bags too
The Delta mobile app, in-flight entertainment and free wifi does it for me. The only downside has been the limited international skymiles partners.
So American 7/15… that’s a fail😢
REMINDER - DON'T DRINK THE COFFEE. The flight staff do not clean the water filters - YUK!!!! (love your videos - LOL)
Either United has improved in the last few years or you had special treatment.  The last time I flew United, I was treated with rudeness by the flight attendants, I was jerked all over the air terminals because of changing gates and I was squeezed into a seat that when the seat in front of me put his seat back, I could not get the tray down. ( I am not obese)  When I got home I closed my United Airline credit card and  cut up my mileage plus card.  If I am going to be treated like a cow pushed into a cattle car, it should be at least for a lot lower cost!
Wow Jeb gotta love the bloopers 😂 btw you never reviewed the lavatory
Guess what, Jeb. One of the three flights you took is one busiest flight of an airline. Between ORD and LGA and vice versa is the top flight of American Airlines and is also the busiest of that airline.
I avoid flying with any of these 3 airlines and always try to book any Asian airlines or Emirates Airways if possible....unless I'm within the U.S., then I guess my choice are quite limited.   The service and food on these 3 airlines really sucks.   You'd usually get grandmas and grandpas serving you with an attitude 😂  And if you don't do exactly what the cabin crew tells you, you'll be offloaded with no explanation.  Thank goodness it hasn't happened to me, but I've watched and read enough news to see that it happened only on one of these 3 airlines and never on any other airlines. The captain should be the only person who has the authority to offload passengers and not the cabin crew!
Also this should include paying for food.
Ground game isnt really fair to delta.
Funny, just did a trip to Vegas from Syracuse and American won for me.
We don’t fly much, maybe once a year to see grand kids. We’ve flown Delta and United and hands down Delta is by far the best. Will never fly United again.
I'm studying to become a travel agent and information like this is crucial for me to help my customers! Thank you so much!!! Subed
American, Delta, United, SouthWest They are all terrible
Delta was surprisingly good San Antonio to LAX
Delta has gone down hill, never fly Delta again.
My tip is to always bring 2-3 bottles of water and a meal and a snack.   Purchase after going thru security.
Delta is the best but the Skyclub changes are awful
It’s not so much the Airline as it is the kind of Aircraft you’re traveling in which dictates the dimensions of your seating area. Great content btw!
@greenergrass I have really started noticing younarw an absolute watch/timepiece geek. Nice GS!
I always fly Delta, if I can. I’m sorry (and surprised) that communication on Delta was poor. I’ve not had that experience, and have flown Delta Seattle, NYC, DC, Atlanta, Paris, Edinburgh, and Amsterdam…and others I don’t recall. We once flew United Seattle/San Francisco/China and did fine. Customer service on United was fabulous. The food from US to China was inedible, but traveling China to the US food was tasty. Happy Travels!
May I suggest you also include a review of the overhead bin?  I find some of them easier to push the luggage in and some very hard.
Paid double but almost same services, you even hinted at the winner. Biased review
You forgot to factor in “Which airline punches their customers in the face and forcefully removes them from the flight”
United has the *most* uncomfortable seats. They are the Spirit airline of the business world and I will do anything I can not to fly with them
A lot of this comes down to luck with the plane you end up with.
Wait how do you get flights for like 150 Im trying to fly from San Diego to Oregon and its at min 380. What am I doing wrong
Hot guy 😋
I love everything you guys do. I love to travel and you guys offer great tips and actually guide me on my travels.
United charge extra for carry on like a budget airline now
Considering my priorities, it's really no contest for me. Delta has the things I care about like seat width, free wifi, friendly service (in my experience), and good free snack choices. Don't really care about ground game or any of the other stuff, and I always eat in lounges so the availability of snack boxes is of no interest to me except in unusual situations where things didn't go to plan.  The main issue I have with Delta is their continued devaluing of their frequent flyer program, and the recent changes to lounge access. Those are set to make me much less loyal to Delta going forward, but I definitely prefer Delta flights all else being equal.
jetblue is the best...
The restrooms?
Alaska airlines for the win!
I live in denver and i saw you were going there on delta 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮    Edit1: i liked how it cane from denver
Wait did you just switch seats? I thought you weren’t allowed to do that?
I feel like this is a united commercial lol
You do realize the airline and pilot have no say on what the FFA and air traffic controllers do...
Flight attendants tell us..Do NOT DRINK The Water!! Buy it!! Their water is the same water used for toilets...Yuck!!
Why don't they just have hand poles you hold onto like on a bus!!  I would never fly everything is just to close let alone I get claustrophobia from heights too.
Imo price matters or rather the value- free Wi-Fi is a huge plus!  And good but free or cheap food is too.  Anything else is fun extras.  Delta seems for that reason better if you’re pinching pennies like most of us.
Delta is always my preferred flight. AA is basically spirit at this point and United is always more expensive for what I believe is at best parity to the Delta experience. However, with Delta's new upcoming changes to their status program I'll probably just start going with whatever is cheaper between United and Delta and I'll stop using Air France all together as their tie in with Delta miles is the only reason I fly with them while overseas.
I absolutely hate flying. I find the entire experience to be so stressful and such a hassle. Everything from waking up in the morning extra early, to the commute to the airport, and deciding what to do with the car once you get there, to checking luggage and passing TSA etc. Once you're in the gate- the wait, the horrible airport food (which i choose to skip), and once you're in the plane- the long, boring and uncomfortable flight. I am 6-3 and i often feel as if i'm being stuffed in like a sardine. There are times when i am sorely tempted to not travel economy anymore and then i see how much they want to charge for business class and i realize it's not feasible....
I never pay attention to the actual planes, since I’m more interested in schedules. I’m sure the airlines count on that. I returned two days ago from a cross country trip flying first class. Outward on Delta and home on American. Two legs in each direction. The Delta planes and food were terrible. It was the lack of space that really got me, because that’s the reason I fly first. There was a single hand’s worth of space between the center console and the seat in front of me after the person reclined their seat. Trying to get out of the window seat was nearly impossible even after the guy’s seat was raised. The only food offered was a snack selection on the PDX to ATL leg. The return flight on American was delayed over 2 hours, which caused me to miss my connection, but I got rebooked on the last flight out. The seats on the American flight were so much more comfortable - night and day. I believe it was an Airbus of some kind. Plus the meal served was great. Even with the delay, I’m left with a more favorable impression of American.
I'm going with Delta all day.
Should of just flown Frontier and saved a ton of money. Use extra money saved to upgrade to exit row seats which are far far more comfortable.
Delta >
Delta da best
All crap. Try Korean Air.
Mountain Dew and Potato Chips!
I’m a frequent flyer of American. I haven’t flow any other airline in years (well before the pandemic). I’m happy to have seen this because I was curious…not that you were going to change my mind but I’m more convinced that American is the airline for me as it flies to the places more important to my business travel but some of the chaos and lack of info (thanks so much for that) would be a deal breaker for me. I don’t stream anyway and  I’m just as likely to bring my own audiobook or Netflix download to watch on board plane entertainment…and a cookie and coffee is about as much as I need on my flight to Dallas. Lastly, for my very average, height slim body structure…I would “fit “ into any of these airlines seats.  Great review! TY!all the best to you and your wife.
We just took Delta and it had in flight purchase snack box, great communication from the pilot . It more hit and miss by flight not airline, in my opinion.
Determining which airline offers the best standard economy seat is like honoring the tallest midget.  Standard economy sucks, period.
The worst airline service I had was last year when my sister had booked me a couple emergency flights and the going was fine but the return was the worst. It was Spirit I believe and it had changed terminals, was about 3 hours late with no announcement they were late and it was loading on the tarmac. By the time it landed it was after midnight and I had work in the morning, which I told her I had but she still booked me a late/evening flight. I’ll never fly them again.
you recorded my school at 13:33 in the video!!!
Thank you two for posting this, and powering through those stressful times!  We’ll be flying to Portland, OR this Monday.  Since putting on some weight, I was concerned about seat width/room/space.  This was helpful.  Thank you both again for the sacrifices you made and the feedback!  🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Fitting a carry on bag in overhead is usually a stressful experience as the plane fills.  You seemed to have no problem at all.  How did you manage this?
UAL offers free wifi to T-Mobile users
“I watch them board first class with envy”  every other video: me watching him board first class with envy
should I avoid flying basic economy to gain PQP with United? I just opened a United credit card and the fare difference between basic and regular economy is large. Any tips and tricks for not having to pay full price to select decent seats?
Siempre viajo en southwest y America, Delta y United, no e tenido suerte comprando los boletos, son  muy caros para mi., hasta los de económicos. Muy buen vídeo, gracias
What carry-on suite cases did you guys use? Curious how big the overhead bins space really is in each plane. Flying with a 22.5” long (measured handle to wheels) soft case suitcase roller soon with United.
i'm not surprised. United has been the best in my experience too.
Having flown all three regularly, my experience has been quite the opposite. Delta has the most comfortable seats although they do lack in communication. United is more pricer and a downfall is the charge of baggage for basic economy (although many airlines are switching to this pricing model). If your going to seat in the back of the plane and in a middle seat at least you should be allowed to bring more than a personal item onboard. My preference, overall is American. They have the fewest cancellations or delays except to NY or Boston but that is mainly due to the volume of flights flying into those airports. If your heading west, south or the midwest they are relatively always on time. American is usually cheaper than the other two airlines and the attendants are seem more friendlier.
Very informative. Thank you
You know what would be another interesting challenge is if you use the next big 3 to fly. Like JetBlue, Southwest, and something something Alaska or Hawaiian. I dunno... not really American.
Hawaiian Airlines publishes a beautiful in-flight magazine called HANA HOU 🌺 Thanks for the great video!
JetBlue is easily the best economy
Nice video!  My son and I just flew cross country and I think comfort is entirely dependent on the airplane type/model vs airline.  We flew LAX EWR on United on an old B777 200 basic economy.  Even though I paid extra to bring my carry on I was forced to check it.  I had an aisle seat and I’m a slender person, the lady next to me was short and petite and we felt like sardines, I can’t remember having less space on a flight in recent memory.  The only free snack option they had was that one chocolate quinoa cookie.  There was no inflight entertainment/personal screen and the free wifi didn’t work.  Thank goodness for the magazine because my son and I finished the NYT crossword to pass the time.  The flight took off on time and arrived on time during a rainstorm.  Our next flight a few days later was LGA- DCA on a A 319.  Nice basic economy seats and super quick flight, only 39 minutes on American.  We loved both airports as well, super convenient and modern.  Last flight a few days later on United IAD-LAX was on time and a B737 Max8 basic economy.  Decent leg room, comfortable seats, inflight entertainment/personal screen, 3 free snack options and really comfortable overall.  That first 777 flight was the worst I have had in years. I don’t think a large or tall person could have fit in our basic fare seats.
Trust Christ, repent. Romans 10:9-10👑
american has the worst economy.
Have had great economy flights with all 3, but terrible ones as well. When all goes to plan, Delta seems to be the best but not by much. Overall, I go by schedule and pricing
A "...full half-inch..."? Do you see how that might be confusing? lol   I get the message you're trying to convey, yet it's a bit of an oxymoron to say "a full half" of anything, not just space. That's like saying here's a full half-sandwich, or full half-tank of gas, of a full half refund.   I get you're trying to drive home the fact that there was an extra .05 inch on United compared to Delta (I think it was D???), but that really isn't a huge selling point because it's half of an inch, not a full inch.   Here are the 2 factors that are salient to frequent fliers, especially business travelers: where they live...  1) Which airport is easiet for them to depart from and   2) Where their destination is.   The reason that is salient is that different airlines have the majority of the routes to a particular market and some share. Those of us who worked in the industry for a decade or more know which airlines have the majority of the flights to a particular market which routes, and and which ones share that market.   If someone lives in/near the DFW metroplex, they're likely flying American no matter where they go because DFW is not only their HQ (decades ago it was NYC) plus their major hub of the hub and spoke system they operate.   If someone lives in/near Atlanta, chances are, they're flying Delta because that is their HQ and they own the vast majority of the routes into and out of ATL.   If someone lives in Chicago, they're likely choosing United because although it is the 2nd major hub in the hub and spoke system American uses to move it's aircraft around the globe, ORD is United's HQ and they still have the majority of flights in that market (with American being 2nd), unless that person's destination is ATL or DFW. Then, it might make more sense to fly DL or AA.   Similar considerations apply to flying internationally, but it's a bit more complex with people being more comfortable flying their "own" countries airlines unless there is an extremely reasonable fare that saves them hundreds of dollars and still departs from the most convenient airport from their city of origin and actually has flights to their destination.   The city of origin is first. The final destination is second. Then price, and all the other stuff factors in after those first 2 considerations. Business travelers tend to value comfort over leisure travelers who are actually paying for their flights and not expensing them at the end of the month.   Now, if there were an inch to 4 inches difference in "knee" room, that would be a possible game changer for people 5'9" and over, and especially those 6' 2" and over.   This is not only common sense, there are decades of data behind it, which is why the airlines began to squish more seats on the aircraft knowing most of their travelers are under 6' 2" tall. Trust me when I say this. They already know who will, and who will not, pay for the extra leg room in premium economy and business class, and they know how long the flight has to be for them to pay the extra amount.   When something significant impacts the airline's bottom line, only then will they *think* of making changes that require significant capital investments, like reconfiguring aircraft and taking an entire row of seats off a certain model.
I went to Brazil with aa and the flight attendants do not treat you nice they look like they hate what they doing, horrible food and economic class very uncomfortable I prefer to make a road trips in my car, now all the airlines companies just want take your money they don’t have a good customer service anymore.
Measure width of seats
Delta total lack of communication- HUGE negative.
1 hour to reach the runway in chicago!
Never go through Demver or Chicago. Always bad weather
9:17 dude you look Jabba the Hutt-ish
737 Max. UNITED.  No thanks
One huge negative is having a pilot who doesn't talk at all!!!
"Only 30 minutes late!"  Delta unacceptable
Delta taxied for 1 hour!!! What!!!  Unacceptable
31 year old plane. Yikes
Flew Alaska to Hawaii- awful. Probably smallest seats ever
Would rather have pancreatic cancer than ever fly United again
I flew delta round trip to Cancun earlier this year, 1 layover each way. I can say the only issues we had were delays, but otherwise the inflight experience was great, pilots kept us informed, and the FAs were awesome. I’ve never flown the others but def a huge fan of delta and their customer service handling our delays.
Wonderful
I flew Southern Airways Express from Muskegon, MI to ORD and back. Little 7-passenger plane. Only goes 125mph, 10,000' max altitude, and it had to hug the Lake Michigan shoreline the entire time. Cute, but bring the Dramamine and ear plugs!
Sorry to say: all of them suck.  zero leg room, service is terrible, check-in bag is not free.  Southwest or Alaska are likely my choice.
I 100% agree with these ratings after just flying with all 3 airlines as well 👍🏻
United ain’t playing around 😂
Greener grass tape measure? 🤣🤣
@GreenerGrass can you make video about Alaska airlines ?
This video reaffirm my own experience.  Delta fallen from grace and United used the pandemic to reboot and it's clearly #1 now.  I am a Delta Diamond member and the amount of issues with Delta nowadays is just ridiculous.
"Basic" economy is the biggest scam ever. Here is your economy class but even less for more $ than economy used to cost.
American airlines was pretty bad when I flew from Japan to the USA.  The crews were rude, disinterested, couldn't care less and constantly talked about private personal stuff during their service. One one of the flights had very friendly and helpful attendants.
don't ou have to be medallion to get free wifi on delta?
American airlines has always been my fave
Comment by Carmencita:  All have too little leg-room. It is ridiculous.
I wish I could try Delta Air Lines someday, but the only problem is that it’s so expensive. 😅😖
Thank you, Jeb and Suzanne - I love these comparison videos.  Please keep them coming!   As a diehard Delta loyalist, I am very disappointed in their game at LAX.  They need to step it up.
Cute
I love flying Delta from ROC to PBI/FLL.  Always on A320 and A321.  It is super comfy.  I love going thru ATL. Have flown on Southwest many times too, ughhhh, talk about stress and being cramped.
I like United but my wife likes Delta
Delta without watching. Now let me watch....
I'm not sure why anyone likes United.  My mom who is disabled has the absolutely worst experience on them. No Pre-boarding for disable passengers and she suffered humiliation trying to get to her seat.  We tried to get her near the front of the plane before boarding but the United staff were completely unhelpful (in fact they were very rude.)
We get it you love delta
Please I you can do one for mexican airlines , flying out United states
My eyes widened when I heard American Airlines to New York
I've learned that economy plus on United is probably the best gig in town for something between having good space and leg room vs price. It just fits the bill especially on long flights overseas.
i swear jeb is always in a rush when it comes to denver
Hi Suzanne I love your earrings in this episode, would you mind telling me what they are called?
Seeing as how only maybe 20% of the adult population fits in a 17 inch seat, it's Delta FTW in my opinion with a whole inch of extra width!
Do Paying Your Taxes next!
For Economy, bring water, snacks, (if long haul bring extra snacks & water) backpack and suitcase to carry personal belongings, and maybe little games like tic tac toe.
I'm traveling with my pet (in a few days, hopefully you see this soon). I will be flying with Spirit. I opted to sit in the middle seat so the pet carrier could sit horizontally towards me, because I have an expanding bag. do you think the middle seat has the best "under the seat" dimensions for an instance such as traveling with a pet?
Even though United won in this, I will never fly United again or any of its partners after what I went through on a trip home from Delhi India. No communication on delays and the first flight to Delhi was cancelled for no good reason. Then the rebook via Dubai was cancelled for another weak reason. I've never really had a problem with the other two but American operates a hub at my home airport so I prefer that over Delta.
What carry on and personal item do you each use? Ever been checked with them?
Love your videos. We see you at the Wynn right now at the buffet. Enjoy
how tall are you that makes a diffrence
Trying to get in Vlogging...going to Sweden next month, any tips for best mounts for the airplane? Or just hold my camera? What is your set up look like?  Love you videos!
PLEASE DO THIS VIDEO IN FIRST CLASS!!!  Was a loyal Delta Diamond Medallian until they screwed us with the “new” Skymiles program. . . Flew American First class and it was much, MUCH better.  American has returned to pre-Covid glam and it shows. . .FOR LESS MONEY!!!
You should do a international version of this
Delta cabin is the best, even the old 737s have old screens to watch movies and still use your phone
Every time I see an airline Buy On Board, I remember the first time I saw boxed food items in planes - American Airlines' Bistro Boxe, flying from DFW to San Diego in 1997... grat, now I'm reminded of how much I miss, after the 2013 rebrand removed them, the jetways at O'Hare having the stripes and AA logo on them.  I am such a dork!
As foreigner I always feel american is USA official airlines (state airlines) I don't know why...
Anyone who reclines for a two hour flight needs to get kicked in the teeth.
I think LAX has a runway down for repairs. I fly Delta to California often and Delta always has 2 drink and snack runs. With exception of red eye when everyone is sleeping.
Hawaiian Airlines is another US airlines that still has an in-flight magazine, Hana Hou.
Do Hub Hopping with American Airlines examples JFK PHL CHL DAL MIA PHX LAX but its your job its up to you
Very interesting. May I compliment you both on excellent watch brands
Times To Spy On Airlines Caterings American Delta United and More it Could Be Any Airline’s
Love this video!! I have such a soft spot for United just solely as a fan and flyer with them. I don’t work for United or have any of their cards or insane statuses as I’m a newer traveler , earning points but I love United and they’ve never done me wrong. Delta and Southwest personally are my other 2 favs if I had to chose but I love the comparison videos ! Keep it up Jeb!👏🏾👏🏾
love United!!! the BEST airline in my honest opinion
Interesting
Nice video! Great as always
Another great review. I hope you do one on Breeze soon!
@GreenerGrass what is YOUR favorite airline from this video?
I love your videos 😍. I travel with my children and this was helpful I wish they had more options for people with child. However thank you 💋🙏🏿
Can you do video American hub air port
Excellent! Not all of us can afford 1st class.... youtubers favorite thing
Excellent video... looks fun, and with that many subscribers, well, I am sure you guys can (and do) afford to do this often! ;-)    Just booked a round trip flight from Chicago Ohare to Manila and back, via San Francisco, on UNITED.  I was not happy with my last UNITED experience going to Hawaii (Hilo) for my dad's funeral -- didn't even have a bereavement fare available ($4500 for 3 of us roundtrip)!   Have flown Delta, ANA and Philippine airlines to and from the Philippines before.. we'll see how UNITED stacks up.  So far, DELTA was the winner!  Ever get a chance to do airlines around the world?  How about doing one for the three major carriers in the Philippines?  Air Asia, Cebu Air and Philippine airlines.  I just had a horror time trying to figure out "extra baggage" when dealing with Air Asia and PAL (Philippine airlines)  -- Air Asia got rid of "call centers" in 2019 so everything is via their "bot" and "e-mail" that no one seems to answer or various social media platforms.    Last time I was in the Philippines, I liked Air Asia, but come on, have someone live to be able to answer questions when the customer has questions... ended up booking with Cebu Air instead simply because of the way they handled the "extra baggage", which was a novel concept, but they simply used "pictures of different size suitcases" next to the prices.  Worked for me!  And, 3 one way tickets with 114lbs each for luggage for almost 600 miles... just over $200 USD total for the 3 tickets!  Hard to beat that!  Can you put a link to whatever wireless mics you guys are using, please?  Going to do some videos when in the Philippines in November, so I want to get a decent drone and mics, etc.
Maybe it's because I live in the Delta hub in Atlanta, but I am a Delta guy for sure. United is my second favorite, followed closely by American
Quite the coincidence in the Video you flew 1st Class with all 3 you flew from O'Hare to Miami like the McCallister Parents and in this Video you flew Economy from O'Hare to LaGuardia just like Kevin did.
Jeb, is there a recommendation for an airline from GSO to BOS?
I’ll be bringing my cat with me onboard in a carrier from nyc to Mexico. I’m worried the economy will be too tight for me to reach down and comfort her. 😢. Has anyone flown with their cat in economy class? Any advice?
Jeb if there is ever a Zombie outbreak at the airports, it's nice to see you live streaming so we can see the real time footage of you turning into a Zombie.   I'm simply pointing it out.  P.S. These things always start in economy class.
Curious what brand Suzanne's backpack is?  Looks like it holds a lot
Delta would be my number 1 if not for pricing/hubs. For me AA is first, Delta second, and UA is far behind in last. I would rather fly Southwest than UA.
I regularly fly American. They are a great airline and I see no reason to break loyalty with them. Occasionally they bump me to first class for no reason.
I’ve always been a United girlie. Anytime I’ve had a delay they always manage to “make up time in the sky” (i don’t understand that lol) but I’m always happy with them
i fly american a lot for work because im near CLT. i dont need the wifi and im 5'7" so ive never had an issue with them specifically
In my 3 years as a delta employee, I’ve never seen the water tanks cleaned, stop getting coffee Jeb 😂
United is overperforming whenever it doesn't wilfully destroy your luggage or assault you and drag you off the plane.
All three are atrocious. Why does the US government bail them out?
In my 10+ yr of flying, I can safely say that I bring the food I purchase from the restaurants or eat before boarding. I am the type of person that likes to get to the airport 1 hour before because of traffic and time to get to my gate. Usually, I put on my MP3 player and start drawing in my sketch book or work on my computer to get work done. 90% of the time I would like to eat and just chill with a blanket when it gets too cold inside of the plane ✈
At that price, United is last.
While I have never flown United I have flown Delta a lot and American somewhat. Every single flight I have ever taken on American has had delay issues, cancellations or just totally screwed me over. I only will fly Delta now because at least they are reliable and I know what I am getting with them, a flight to from one place to another and usually a non stop one too cause they have so many hubs.
Nice Grand Seiko
American Airlines is the worst of them all.   They stood me up in Dallas and never apologized for forcing me to stay overnight.
Only comment I have about the ranking is that you talked about economy class so why wasn't cost wasn't a factor in the rankings??
why does one ever need to go through security if you've just disembarked from another flight?
YES!!! GO UNITED
I think that united is the only mainline that charges for a carry on bag in basic economy would be important to mention.
I’ve flown all three of these airlines a decent amount, and every single time, if I have the option, I’ll choose Delta. Out of all delayed/cancelled flights I’ve experienced in my life, 99% have been American. I really only fly them if I have no other option. United isn’t too bad. Nice to see a comparison for a standard economy ticket!! Often times these comparisons are made based on extreme tickets, like first class or basic economy.
great catching the Air New Zealand dreamliner!
Nice comparison! Practically speaking(but somewhat out of our control), a lot of cities are limited in choice. At SFO, usually where I want to go is served by United and sometimes Alaska and SWA. When I lived in Dallas, it's pretty much just AA and SWA. I have had the best times with Delta and JetBlue, both of whom have very limited flights on the West Coast, sadly. I've been a fan of your channel for years, keep them coming. =)
Southern is affiliated with Mokulele Airlines in Hawai'i. Even though I live in MA, I've never flown them in New England. But have flown Mokulele from Waimea-Kohala into Maui. Same type of plane. Got to see the sun rise over Haleakala...
United is barely better than ULC and DEN is a simply awful airport. As is Newark. As is O'Hare.
Well you ware not booted of or even beaten on any of those so thats a win.
I've only been on Delta once in my life, always flew Southwest, but that flight had me rethinking of booking for the airliner.  Amazing experience
Wish all the best to you Jeb , I really like your videos as you what ever happens you are always so happy and positive 👍 keep up the good work ❤
I love this video and it's so helpful! The category missing here is bathrooms! How many how accessible? Clean? etc Thanks again! Also, turbulence and overall flight ride!
Top tip?  Buy some lounge access before the flight.  And take an e-reader. Good review.
How come you didn’t mention WiFi being free for T-Mobile customers?
Brightline expanded to MCO airport
Thanks Jeb and Suzanne! DL need to update their flts and better clean crews..... very dirty some flts.....
My favorite is delta. The service has always been great!! Second American. United is last because we’ve had some really terrible experiences with them. It’s always subjective, thanks for another great video and valuable information!! ❤️
Hey Jeb, you can't compare an Airbus seat (wider by about an inch) vs 737 seats, they are different widths period.  Next time Airbuses or 737s for all three airlines.
Never take spirit airline
Yep! This is why I switched from Delta to United. After really assessing things, I realized it was the better airline.
Having a screen, free movies, wifi and variety of snacks wins over a $10 price difference and a lack of board in communication. Delta relies heavily on their app for boarding notifications.  Delta is a clear winner
When is the AA hub hopping video coming?
American & United  is a scam how they’re going to charge crazy amount of money & no IFE
YAY. UNITED!!! Best airline out there!
“Unflavored water” haha nice
Delta, American, United. In that order in my opinion :)
Do not ever buy Basic Economy ticket.   You do not get seats in advance.
In basic economy United wanted to charge me $105 to check the first bag and $135 for the second. Needless to say i packed three days worth of clothes in my laptop bag.
Delta is always all time best to me among these 3. With Delta reserve card, you get to visit Delta lounge and free upgrade, and they provide fresh food while the United Club only provide cold food and sometimes you can find bugs in there. Also, United flight is dirty compare to Delta's...
Rating United over Delta is an absolute crime 😆 flown them both countless times and apart from a few outliers…United isn’t even in the same tier as Delta. Even still…thanks for the content!
It’s crazy to me that in the US you gotta be doing a 1500 mile flight to get fresh food whereas with my airline it’s on every flight even the 20 min flights
I just want to say thank you you both awesome
Love your content Jeb! Thanks for the great videos!!
I am SO done with United and don't trust American. Although I really, really miss Delta Song (outstanding air experience), Delta gets my vote for Economy seating.
Jeb. What brand of luggage do you use??
Always found American to be the tightest squeeze  (I'm 6'6"). They just don't care. AAL corporate was once described as a massive marketing company that owns an airline.
This is a new series idea: Go go on a vacation ocross every Us state. Make a video on all of them. :) 😀
Problem with United is there are late a lot and have lots of issues. Cancelled flights due to mechanical.
If comparing planes you should at least book the same aircraft
I've been a Delta girl for 2 decades. Since they are changing their lounge and status rules, I'm going to be airline agnostic, taking the cheapest option. This was super helpful for me making that decision. I'll fly Delta next year, and upgrade on each flight while I still have status amf miles. Then I'll be a free agent.
As a mechanic in the cabin maintenance department for Delta I apologize for the lack of communication during boarding. I hope the cabin was up to your expectation. We work hard to make sure each passenger has a great experience. Thank you for flying Delta!
I flew Southern from Pittsburgh to Dulles via Hagerstown. A very up close & personal experience, great for the AVGeek. Nothing like havin’ a cigarette with the pilot & talkin’ shop while refueling in Hagerstown, ha. Plus, included in the ticket price is priority security screening…no wait for me, ha. DEFINITELY recommend them. ✈️👍
Jeb, how do you do what you do?? I’m an AVGeek through & through. My job position was eliminated due to Covid, & I’ve always wondered how people like yourself are able to sustain off of doing reviews like this. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Safe travels. 😉✈️✌🏻
You're brave for drinking airplane coffee! I enjoy these comparison videos!
Agreed on the LAX Delta SkyClub- it's spectacular and makes the flying experience massively better.
I never realized until a year ago that Delta’s economy product has the universal plug-in, like United at 8:50. It will be nice when UAL wraps up there cabin retrofits to catch up with them, but would like to see if either will eventually order the A320NEO.
11:40 🇯🇲 🇯🇲!!! Great review, I’ve never flown on United before.
I think it’s good you do economy reviews.  That’s the reality.  Your a bigger built guy so you have a greater understanding of what coach class means to most Americans.  Delta had the seat back movies, which does make the time go by.  I did notice it seemed you had empty middle seats for all three? In the end, it’s really all the same.
The flight pattern for O’Hare goes right over my house  I was this close to my favorite YouTuber 😢
Delta ❤
I feel like had you flew on delta or American newer planes they would’ve been better
Southern, formerly Mokulele,  flies Cessna Grand Caravan single prop planes   between my local airport, IPL Imperial and LAX and LAS. It's a trip.
Zzzzzzzz
Just remember, when it comes to atc routing and “which side of the airport” you have to get to, that’s generally out of the airlines control. That has to do with ATC.
Jeb can you please share your opinion of Delta's decision to change their SkyMiles policies?
So sad watching this video. I flew all of theses routes as a flight attendant and we served hot food. Choice of two entrees
Just to put things in perspective… American Airlines consist mostly of US Airways, which they merged with a few years back….  Nothing good is going to come from keeping the same staff and policies from US Airways 🗑️🚮
I'm new to this channel and enjoy it greatly. And Sir, your watch game is spot on  I've noticed. A GS GMT is so cool for this kinda traveling!
Loving the videos, thank you!!! But please tell me you’ve been sanitizing before just rubbing your hand over the tables😭
Maybe @NonstopDan can send you some Canapés from a recent flight to make up for this Proletarian trip?
The informing piece is nice but guess what sometimes pilots aren't told by atc what's up either so starts at the top
Last time I flew on a United Airlines Boeing 737 MAX 9, it was a lil different that that one, there was more room and tvs. The tv part is most likely because of the flight length though. The magazines are kinda nice though. And the snack boxes are cool I remember one time when I was younger they gave me a kids snack box thing. I didn’t know they still had those.
5:49 that an Airbus a220? I think it is I gotta see more of the plane tho
Great video! Only thing I always remember is the aircraft type. While all economy, the size of the Airbus A320 series is bigger in the passenger cabin compared to the 737, which gives it the extra edge over the seat size and comfort
Delta could easily won if they didn't taxi for too long which rarely happens in most of their flights. Delta should be #1 spot
Delta has horrible dimensions in Economy
I've been flying first class on Delta lately (because of Amex) and have another coming up soon DEN-MCO. I'd love to see the comparison between Deltas First Class and others. Thanks!
As someone who just completed a trip recently I have soured on United. I fly with only a personal item and they don't let you check in online unless you purchase a bag. They either make you wait at the kiosk for an employee to check your bag size or mak you check in at the desk
How did you & Suzanne prevent the airlines from upgrading you guys to first class since I assume you have FF status with at least a couple of the airlines?
9.5” on delta? If I remember correctly spirit / allegiant/ frontier were all like 10-11” — that’s surprising
I love Delta.....jet blue is a close second for me
United charges for everything! My husband and I were charged for picking our seats, for checking our bags( they also charge for carry on). We both said we would never fly United again if we could help it.
Which airline do you prefer as long as prices and comfort, besides these three airlines? I have watched your low cost carrier video and almost every other video you have my subscribe, that’s for sure. You are my favorite YouTuber, I watch you everyday!!!
Thank you for sharing flying on the legacy airlines.
I’ve been really enjoying these head to head comparisons of some of the economy airlines. I often fly just short distances, but it’s nice to know which airlines give the most bang for your buck!!
Loyal UA guy here,,, I will say that UA A319 is far more comfortable that the 737 fleet JMO! Good Vid!
3:10 I can assure you, that is NOT a USB charging port. I've tried every time, always forgetting that it's for connecting music over USB. If it's supposed to be a USB charging port, it's a really poor one.
I'd be interested to see how Alaska compares to these, especially to Delta
I agree with you it looks like United Boeing 737 Max has more leg room.
As an American employee, we’re well known to be a more expensive  spirit airlines. Cheap, broken planes, and employees thst work for a company that doesn’t care about them.
The fact that no other airline than Delta has seat back IFE and free Wi-Fi as the norm should make them the clear winner of any contest like this. It boggles my mind that the others haven’t caught up…a 31 year old Delta plane has better tech than a 4 year old United plane.
My top tip for flying economy class is not to do it.
You review shows how similar and commoditized economy class is on the legacy carriers.
Been awhile since I've flown, emergency row seating and willingness to help during emergencies = legroom.
At 7:44--7:47 of the video it appears the bracelet has a crown on it, not the GS logo for Grand Seiko. I assumed you spliced in a couple frames from a different video.   In any event, your channel is well done and informative.
Would be nice to see more of your gorgeous watches. How do you chose it for the trip? Does booked class play a roll? Tks
Nice video, was fortunate enough to have United provide some great customer service for us after some travel troubles so pretty happy with them at the moment!
Noticed you had a Rolex in some shots and a Grand Seiko in others.....not the most careful editing. Either way, your Youtube channel is apparently working out financially for you....
Epic video Jeb as usual! I travel a lot myself and I can say that all these things were very valid. United and Delta are the ones I tend to fly the most given that my dad works for delta and it has a hub where I currently live. As biased as this might sound, Delta overall is the best when you look at their customer service, seating, pricing (in most cases) and transparency. Even before that merger with Northwest in 2008, they were almost perfect in these categories which is what makes Delta one of a kind but when it comes to other certain things like food options and ground game such as the landings and the in flight entertainment, United has to be the best. I remember their food options at first wasn't as widely available and didn't have as much quality at first but once they merged with Continental in 2010, their quality within their food and food options as a whole along with their IFE improved vastly. This was probably due to the broader network it had created due to it. I have been on American several times too but I certainly don't use them as much as the other 2 so there is only so much I can say about them.
I only fly AA and have not had any complaints at all. Was on a flight at the beginning of August and I will be flying in 10 days.  I see no reason to go anywhere else since I am close to a hub and can easily get non-stop flights.  No problem at all.
Lol the Home Alone reference!
Delta is my favorite airline but I'm not opposed to flying United, they are just typically more expensive. However, it does seem like United actually cares about dietary restrictions unlike Delta. In my experience, American has the worst ground game ever so I will never fly with them again!
Delta has always gotten horrible reviews.  I’d only fly them as a last resort.  However, Southwest is my choice !!!!   You can’t review fairly on the costs because different airports charge for services and taxes (but surely you must have already known that).  Your comparisons are void!
Absolutely no consideration for your carbon footprint. None.
With Easyjet, you can get hot food on flights over half hour
I'd love to see some more Alaska airlines content
Have you tried the Finnair's new business class yet??
Nice vid. Thanks. Being in Philly I’m kinda stuck on American but I always try to explore other airlines here. Haven’t flown in a while. Took American right before pandemic and delta intl before that
I'm curious how United wins when their cost was twice as much as Delta or American. When I fly, I accept that the overall service is going to be pretty much the same -average at best- regardless of airline and cost is most important for me. I don't think I'm alone in that.  The fact that these were flights between different cities at different times of day skews the results, especially considering that you flew United into their ORD hub; crew seniority usually flies into and out of their airline's hub, which means your United flight shoudl have been better than the others. Maybe next time, have Jeb take one airline from city A to to city B (neither the airline's hub) while Jeb's wife takes a similar flight on a different airline between the same cities at about the same time, and then compare the two. That would be a very good scientific comparison.
Jeb,Thank you for your great videos and information.  I wish I could tell you here what I think about about the  airlines you talk about because I had  alot of personal  experience. I can't do this here and I'm sure if you read what I wrote you would totally agree. From 1 to 3 you nail it on the head.
Do finnair
You know, Suzanne has grown more comfortable it seems, w/the constant glare of the camera!  I just remember following you years ago & your wife was not quit as gung-ho as you are, Jeb, so kudos to her!!!!  😄😄😄.  I REALLY ENJOY THAT I CAN TRAVEL THROUGH Y'ALL!!!!!🤠🤠🤠‼‼‼
I’ve never liked United after that time they dragged that poor man down the plane aisle and off for no good reason.
as someone who works for one of the big 3 airlines.  I do much prefer to take the Amtrak instead of flying. I'd rather spend 40 hours from Chicago to LA on the train instead of flying. Id recommend you try them.
I actually like the United planes without the screens you get more room. All my experiences with Delta aren't great.
Copa blows all domestic airlines away.
Yes😊! I so agree, i am an elite memer of United airlines. Thank you for this 🎉
I don't like United. Reminds me of Spirit.
Hawaiian airlines still publishes their magazine called Hana Hou.
Thank you for your service.
Now I challenge you to do Economy on a long haul, 😎
As stated by others-appreciate you taking one for, well, most of us   Always fair review and entertaining
Maybe if you flew the same type of plane. A320 vs 737 vs 737. Age of plane is interesting
It doesn't matter, if it's a basic economy ticket. Everyone is allowed a carry on and personal item.
As a Flight Attendant of 26 years (for a major and not Delta) I find Delta to be the absolute best, United a close second, American doesn’t even rate.
Forbes put out a list of the 10 worst airlines according to US travelers. American Airlines was #1 and United Airlines was #2. Also, don’t forget about how United Airlines (EWR to FCO) left a loaded airplane on the tarmac for 7 hours with temperatures of over up to 100 degrees and no food or water provided. UAL only gave a $400 voucher and that’s it. Avoid UAL.
I flew UA this weekend for the first time in over 20 years, was gifted some miles. Honestly had a great experience from PHX to LAX round trip, their app was way better than other major airlines I’ve used and a bunch of other compliments I’d like to say.   But I’m here for a question.   Does United have First Officers or junior pilots as first class stewards? I noticed that my 1C crew were wearing ranks on their shoulder lapels and on their cuff links on their jackets. I’m not 100% familiar with commercial airline ranks, but I’ve never seen that on other airline 1C crews in my experience?
Can't speak for American. Delta I felt comfortable and cared about. United it was like I was a sardeen.
I feel like this could also vary based off of where you live. Depending on what hub your airport is. Cause living by a delta hub, I can say from experience that united and american out of here are terrible.
My top tip for economy is Zoom.
Jeb, what a video!!! I've been waiting for a video like this. This has made me even more excited for my trip to SAV on American Thursday!!! I would love for you to come by FWA some time! They are redoing their terminal and it looks so good! They're also now flying ERJ 175's from DFW!!! I'm excited for the growth at FWA and look forward to the growth of routes and/or airplanes in the future! Love your content! Keep doing what you're doing!!
Jeb thanks for another great video, I'd like to see you compare Jet Blue with some of these other carriers.
DO NOT DRINK HOT BEVERAGES!!
Basic economy on Delta gets a carry-on bag but doesn't guarantee a spot if you're last to board
Thanks for the review! With the new delta sky mile status requirement. I am open to more options. Will not stay loyal to delta any more.
I definitely fly American most frequently just based on necessity. With the city pairs that I fly between on a regular basis, they are the only non-ULCC or similar carrier. I generally have few complaints about my experience, with relatively short flights and decent service on the ground and in the air. My most recent trip, however, ended up being delayed about 3.5 hours due to maintenance and then an ATC ground stop. I can't really blame them for the unexpected maintenance, but they did not communicate well. They told us it would be a short fix of half an hour, and then they kept adding a half hour at a time with no real estimation of how long the charade might last.
I flew American for years.  They have worked hard to get to the bottom. They blow.
United has always taken me where I need to safely and provides superior customer satisfaction!
Southern Airways was a very awesome experience.
Thinkint who fly with when i go 2 LAX :] vlog help me :] 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🙃🤜
I’m in Richmond Virginia
The routes you picked where like a great circle mappers dream!
I had the opportunity to go into the sky club at LAX a few weeks ago. The food was nothing to write home about (so i'm glad i got access with my ticket rather than having to shell out the $50) but the layout was very nice.
Do not fly Southern, take it from someone who flew for them
Would’ve been cool if I dispatched/planned your UAL flight… but odds problably slim since I usually work overnight 😂
Taking it in the shorts for the viewers. Very nice of you.
How did your board so soon in economy class?
I will never fly United Airlines because they are the airlines that drug that Dr. off the plane and also the airline that made someone put their pet in the overhead which died.
Best tip for travelling economy. Drink heavily 😅😅
After United landed, a American Airlines ad popped up, and then an ad for medication. I’ve yet to see the American flight/review… should I be scared?
The airlines need to take your advice and communicate more both in the air and on the ground. It wouldn’t take much effort to keep passengers more informed. In my frequent flyer days, I carried a scanner with me so I could listen to the radio traffic. That way I had more information.
Built in IFE and WiFi are always a game changer
Can you give Eva Airlines a review?
United is my favorite.
Good job 👍
Love that Grand Seiko you're rockin
I fly each week for work. I fly out of one of two towns near me, depending on the day and where I’m going. I fly into everything from JFK to one gate airjets, where the staff only return when the next flight arrives. I fly all the airlines, but mostly American and Delta. I’ve had great luck with each of them, and horrific weeks. I’ve been rerouted, stuck on tarmacs for hours, had my seat on an on time flight cancelled only because my second flight was delayed, and been left stranded many times. How the airline treats you is a huge factor in how you feel about them. Also, some airports just stink. I try to avoid Salt Lake City, Atlanta, and O’Hare the most. Also, each airline has many plane types they might use for the same route, so you might have a bigger or smaller seat just depending on that. I prefer American because they do the best getting me where I need to go on time, and the pilots keep me updated on delays or turbulence.
For knee room you need to measure from the back of your seat to the seat in front of you. The way you're measuring it, the airliners could just make the seat bottom shorter and advertise as more knee room.
I’m still not trusting United 😂. Their service is just to unpredictable for my trust.
United is the best!!!!
Re upload lol only the OGs know
Tip: don’t buy bottled water bring your own reusable water bottle there’s free water fountains in airports
Next you must do all domestic widebody flights in the US ...
I'm glad you stuck to the true economy experience, it annoys me that often reviewers use their status to access lounges or other benefits which most passengers don't have. Like if you're reviewing business class you can't use the first class lounge with status and use that as a review of business class service ffs. You also see a lot of 'economy' reviews where the reviewer has paid for a bulkhead or exit row, which again isn't the standard economy experience, so kudos for doing a proper review
You can add another point to United for having a Veterans discount through Veterans Advantage. That's the biggest reason I fly United.
Well, that will depend on where you live, and which of those airlines has the most direct flights from your nearest airport without having to use their hubs. This way you will get your winner. 🙂  PD: the winner will always be the cheapest 🤪
Can you bring your own drinks and snacks through security?
So many people surprised that United would win. Others interested to know why Suzanne would like United.   Some of the best and classiest service I’ve had, has been on united. So many delta loyalists just because that’s the understanding/reputation that delta has enjoyed for a while- I think is starting to shift.  United (to me) is definitely the best overall - easy app usage to do most everything, yes they also have free messaging whether purchasing (the $8) WiFi or not, overall airline program, service, new planes weekly, and availability of seats. All of it combines for an overall win in my opinion. A persons opinion is only based on their experiences so far, so no one’s opinion is wrong, but I can still definitely tell that some of you need to try the new United before continuing the blind loyalty to Delta, And it’s skypesos program.     Great video yall!
Can you review Swiss premium economy on their 777-300 ER? I am planning to go to Switzerland soon and I need to know what it is like.
I’m a Delta loyalist through and through. Most comfortable planes and best costumer service, both on the ground and in the air!
Southwest max planes have the biggest seats in the sky
Great video! I made the decision that whenever I fly in the future, my comfort is taking priority over price. I personally can't handle anymore cramped seats!
Being able to see the clouds like that from your POV at 14:23 will always be amazing to me. Thanks Jeb and Suzanne!
As someone that should know, AA should have had pretzels to offer too, but they are probably the worst catered of the 3 (my life experience). As someone in the aviation industry, this was a special find as I've never seen any of your vids before. Curious, would you ever rank the regionals for experience? As there are quiet a few today. Think that would be a cool vid to see!
I booked basic economy with Delta and was able to bring carry on for free. Should mention you are the very last group to board so overheads were almost all full though
Blows my now older mind seeing no service on flights.  When I was a F/A we had meal service on 98 percent of flights 2 hours and longer.  I'll never forget full 727s JFK to DTW.
Mean while taxing in delta  Hawaiian:Hello
Best?  There IS no "best".  Merely somewhat less miserable.  I'd dearly love to see an airline with the wits to offer a domestic business class - no fancy food, no high-end service, just the leg and shoulder room for an adult American.
Who has the best transatlantic flight service? Would be fun to see a compilation
You should do Hawaiian Airlines vs Alaska Airlines in one video the Southwest JetBlue and Breeze in another.
I was just on United I did not pay for Wi-Fi!
What website did you use to find out your routing?!
I think JetBlue beats those three for domestic flights (in economy.)
The last I flew I flew Delta which was from NOLA to MPS (2017, IIRC) and I was shocked (in a GOOD way) at the Inflight entertainment options on the HighDef screen in the seat back. I watched Matt Damon's The Martian and actually had to fast forward since the flight ended before the film did. Sold on Delta domestically for that reason alone.
The question is not "which is best," rather, it is really "which is least worst."
Did you hear me screaming at you when you walked past Garrett's at ORD???  It's a cardinal sin not to get some Chicago Mix...or the pecan caramel crunch.... 😋 😉
But they lost
I like Delta
So glad to hear u bring up in flight magazines.  After boarding it used to be my #1 thrilling moment.  Of course the route maps in the back was like crack for av geeks!   What about Southwest ?
I keep hoping I run into you guys some day, or even get the pleasure of flying you somewhere! (I fly for a major carrier)
Nice to see you on the trending page!
Hi Jeb you where right about the DELTA sky club I just got my American Express card I got it for long layovers like at ATL or LAX. Between now and the next time see you in the sky.
Don't you mean the least horrid ?
Delta > United > American At least for my money I'd always rather be flying Delta or United in a pinch. American if I'm desperate.
Hey Jeb, thanks for a great video! I live in Denver but have Delta Gold Medallion. I might be trying United more after your video and the recent chance in how to earn Medallion status. Delta has definitely made it quite hard for the frequent leisure traveler to achieve status😪.
If you're ever heading over to Korea one day, I think a good video idea would be reviewing Air Premia (both economy and premium economy), a relatively new budget airline with some big seat pitches!
I fly 40+ weeks a year. Most of them are last minute tickets. Which is why I fly United. They have more Economy Plus seats and they’re almost always available. Comfort+ and whatever American calls their option is impossible to get unless you book weeks in advance. United also allows you to buy a subscription to Economy Plus so you have access to the seats at no charge, regardless of your status.   Choosing an airline is really about the service at your home airport. If you’re at a Delta hub you’d be a fool to fly on American since you’re going to have a connection. The service on all of them is horrible so it’s not like one is better than the other in that regard.
How about the Golden Eagle Trans-Siberian Express? 💰
31 year old a320 that looks brand new. Last weekend I flew on a 9 month old a321NEO on Wizzair from the UK to Austria. The cabin was awful, seats torn, carpets torn, dirt everywhere. Goes to show the difference between an airline that cares and an airline that doesnt care
Pretty much agree with your rankings. AA is just a very blasé airline. They just don’t care.
An hour to taxi absolutely baffles me
Ok, if youre gonna be fair, DO fair. CLEARLY, you posted pic of your beloved United in AA'd equvalency of Main Cabin Extra while with AA you took a pic in a regular coach seat. Great move, dhead!
Good comparison but it was missing Southwest. You can’t compare SW when doing first class and lounges etc, but for this comparison, standard economy, it would have worked well.
I flew both United and Delta domestically when visiting the US, and frankly I did prefer Delta over United especially comfortwise, but also when it comes to baggage allowance (I have SkyTeam Elite Satus so naturally I will like Delta more just for that when it comes to baggage), but I was still surprised that United Basic Economy does not allow Carry-On luggage and only allows a bag that fits under the seat.   Lovely video though, have you ever thought of comparing the big 3 US airlines on a long-haul international flight (US to Europe maybe), in a similar manner to your BA vs Virgin Atlantic, obviously not in one day but I would like to see you review the 3 big US airlines in long-haul international economy class. Just giving out an idea for a possible future video.
thank you for this review we just got back from chicago took american going from albuquerque and returning we took united over all our united experience was better. 😊😊
THANKS SO MUCH JEB I REMEMBER THE VIDEO I COMMENTED ON SAYING YOU SHOULD DO THIS
I just gotta get a Rick Steves T-Shirt like Suzanne, second time I've seen her wear it :)
Would love to see you feature two airports I'm familiar with but don't believe you've done videos on before. Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma City and Gerald R Ford airport in Grand Rapids. I've lived by both of these airports and enjoy the size and convenience.
Buen trabajo 👍 Gracias por enseñarnos las diferencias de las líneas aéreas.
Would love to see an “other 3” comparison between mainland and Hawaii in economy with Alaska, Southwest and Hawaiian (narrow body only on Hawaiian to keep it fair)
“Middle seat always gets the arm rest.” Jeb 3:49
Of these 3 airlines, United is my least favorite (sorry, Suzanne).    My second last flight on United in April (MCI to ORD) the only "service" was a flight attendant walking down the aisle with a bottle of water and some cups and you had to catch their attention even to get the water.  On the trip back (after a couple of weeks in Germany) the check-in folks were extremely rude, including a supervisor.  Absolutely HATE that airline.  (but I LOVE Delta).
I’ve always chosen to fly United, but my last two flights were with American and I must say I enjoyed my experience with them.
I've noted that American's Airbus' feel roomier than their 737s (in Econ).
I’m biased towards Delta since my Son is a Pilot for them. Being in SLC it’s always easy to get flights✈️👨‍✈️✈️
A Grand Seiko SBGE283 is a fantastic choice of watch for a cross country trip roughing it with the rest of us on the economy seats! This is probably the most relevant video for the 95% of us!
As a frequent delta flier, this was a pretty interesting video. Surprised American didn't do that well, and I'm surprised United... did.
yikes, that american pilot slamed it to LGA lol
Do Alaska airlines First class and economy class! To anchorage
Delta is still my #1  BUT they've been struggling to keep that stellar service and timeliness. UA has been doing better recently but they still have a long way to go. AA is still consistently last place although it's usually the most affordable but it's not worth the headaches the crews are always too busy doing nothing and AA wins for the most amount of last minute terminal and gate changes 😂
everytime i see these videos im sad that i cant afford to fly and never was in a plane :( but these videos are sooo good
Great to see an Air New Zealand plane . .  Nice reaction as usual . . .👍🇳🇿🇳🇿
Southwest was the best as far as economy the flight crew's we're great and we were on time American and united were very disappointing
I love your channel,but would you ever consider doing a European budget airline video? You've already done Ryanair.
Ironically I’ve tried all three recently and it’s hard to decide but I love delta tho because of IFE and then American and then united just because untied does not have seat back power outlets
delta by far
United wins.  Just watch out for Mohammed Atta.
Gotta fly Southern from DC to Morgantown. Catch a WVU game.
Why would you do this to yourself? Thank you for your service!
I mark my luggage in fluorescent white paint with my address and email, should it get lost. On all 6 sides
Not shocked about American..they are so bad in so many different ways.
Southwest vs Ryanair vs Wizz Air next!
05:32 Monument valley. :)
i love these vids! What is the best US airline to fly from Europe to the US?
United just opened their new BIGGEST Lounge in Denver. I'd love to see how it stacks up.
Thank you for the Video. It's really interesting to compare the Economy Class on different Airlines, so keep it up👍. I do love your content and to watch that you Guys have so much fun in what you're doing.
This is fine but I like the ones where you goes rich places
Jeb…glad you made it to LGA. Consider yourself lucky. This summer has been brutal to the NYC airports (EWR worst then LGA not far behind). You really were playing “N90 roulette”…  As far as the big 3 go, it depends on the day, the aircraft and overall situation. Getting out of LAX to DEN on the LOOP SID is a bit unusual but not that unusual so I think it was the crossover to 25R that was the issue.    You are absolutely right about one thing. An informed passenger is a happier passenger. In this regard, the UA app kills both DL and AA dead…and this is where it really matters.  Two weeks ago I was returning to IND from MEX and we got hung up getting out of there (pushed on time but wheels up 40 min later). The 1000+ people ahead of my wife in immigration meant we were going to miss out flight (the last one of the day). They held the flight for us…since we got to the gate two minutes before departure…ulcer inducing event.  I get how it feels when “..it happens”.  Nice comparison though and on that given day, UA won. It could have been DL or AA on a different day.   Pack patience (and food and water)…and it all will work out…
Hawaiian still publishes an in-flight magazine.
Not true that basic economy doesn’t get carry on and personal item on Delta.
Don’t forget Hawaiian Airlines’ Hana Hou magazine!
What do you think about deltas new skyclub and status changes?
I like the video very much Jeb keep up the good work
Delta should have won
Jeff definitely hated to sit in coach like a “normal” lol
Was on that same Delta A320 (N325US) when she was just a spry young maiden of only 29 years in September '21. I think Delta does a great job of keeping the older Northwest Airbus fleet feeling fresh. I'd personally rate Delta higher because of the IFE and free WiFi, which I value more, but also the new SkyMiles sucks so maybe I knock em down a peg just for making me angry this week.  Either way, great video as always!
Are you a couple ?
So, you dinged Delta because the pilot didn’t chime in on the route of flight, but the free TV and movie screen has an Airshow program that shows you a map with live flight info. It’s kind of beyond me how an airline with free movies and internet and wider seats loses to one with a magazine rack and pay-per-flight WiFi and no free entertainment and $ells snacks. If you travel without a computer or with children without carrying those things along, who’d have been the winner? And weather delays and runway changes directed by ATC can happen on any airline.
I would argue that knee room is kind of a useless stat. Normally the extra knee room is achieved (like on the B737) by just taking away thigh support by making the cushion shorter
Love ❤ when you do these type videos
Hawaiian Airlines also publishes its own Magazine still called Hana Hou!
Would’ve been cool to try the same plane on all 3 airlines
Southern Chadron Nebraska to Denver. Must fly it.
They are all the same
I just flew southern Jeb! I was boarding right were you were standing! Denver to Pueblo. The seats have a shoulder harness!
Just missed ya in Denver AGAIN.
Love all your videos, but man do I always look forward to a train video! See you next time, on the rails.
My United using bias has been confirmed lol
Delays can easily be calculated like this based on departure time;  On-time: Arrive 30 minutes early 30 minutes late: Arrive On-time 1 hr late: Arrive 30 minutes late 1.5 hrs late: Arrive 1 hr late  and so on...  Just subtract 30 minutes from your "late" departure time.
I like your videos! You’re always smiling and give good positive vibes. Keep it up!
Greyhound vs hitchhiking vs Spirit.
(Alaska Airlines Enters The Chat)
I MISS THE VARIETY OF AIRLINES.  Who else remembers Continental, US Air, Northwest/ Northwest Orient, TWA (Trans World Airlines), America West, Sun Country, Midwest Express, Ozark, Piedmont, Western, Eastern, and  Pain Am?  They created more competition, and thus each strived to give superior service.  Coach class had more room, no cost for check in bags (to a certain weight), and even a meal (a meal, as in baked chicken,  roast beef, sandwiches, etc. on longer flights included in the price of your ticket!  Today, there's only a few big Airlines left, and they don't compete. They are rude, room is tight, and they nickel & dine us for everything!
Also add cleanliness score to your metrics.
great job!!!! THANK GOODNESS!!! you did not choose Delta as number 1 as so many do. I think Delta is VERY!!!! over rated. I only fly First Class when I fly (always pay for it) and the past 2 times on Delta the service was awful =PHX - BOS & PHX TO SEA) AND I am handicapp and need a wheel chair and they both times abandoned at the airport departure gate when they changed gates . I do prefer American they have a really great First Class product. BTW LOVE!!! your wife joining you on your videos!!!
Why not Southwest>>?
I literally can't fly in standard economy. My legs are too long, and I'm not all that tall. At the least I have to fly "Economy First" or similar seats, or risk not being able to walk when I get to my destination.
Would love to see you compare the newest/best planes that each of these airlines has to offer. I know that’s tough but would be cool to see! Love the videos
Never flown Delta, but the new United Max planes are so nice!
Given the huge price differential, I don't think United comes on top here.  For the threefold price difference, them being only 2 points ahead of Delta, and with no IFEs and free wifi to boot, I don't think they should be the winner.
Love seeing the Air Wisconsin retro livery! They were my first aviation job...15 years ago next month!
13:15 Kelsey?
When I fly economy I just have three $22 double vodka tonics at the bar and then sleep on the plane.  Well worth the money.  I prob smell of booze so my neighbors leave me alone, I get my rest on flight and voila, I'm at my destination by a stewardess waking me up.  Cheers!!
A small point to correct you Jeb - United is Not the only US airline still publishing a magazine. Hawaiian still provides every customer a complimentary copy of Hana Hou. Very interesting comparison, thanks.
Keep on Travelin' !!!
Fun video! Why was it important to book only West-->East flights?
I really wish the United Aircraft was the new signature interior that is going on every narrow body aircraft in the fleet.
DL's 220 is significantly better than any other mainline narrowbodies, great even in Y.
I'm glad you did not count the price that would be unfair under these conditions.
How did you keep from being upgraded with your status on the various airlines?
an hour taxi time? that's just ridiculous..
When doing comparison videos such as these, I think it would better titled "Which is least objectionable?"
To be fair wifi is free in American if you have T-Mobile, now depending on the flight they’ll allow it to be free or if it’s above 4 hours it’s all free.
I just flew on American and there was not enough under seat space due to these metal boxes they installed in the foot area. I usually can put my personal bag under the seat in front of me and my feet along the sides of the bag, but there wasn’t enough room. Felt very cramped.
JetBlue has the best economy.class. Neither Delta, United, or American compare.
In your channel description, it says you are on a mission to visit every UN member country. Are you still working toward that goal? and if so how many countries have you been to?
You need to do these in business/first next Jeb
I really am curious. Ballpark how many miles have you flown overall Jeb?
Delta’s checked bagged is one of the best out of all the us airlines    Silver medallion  1x checked bag  70 IBS 32KG In basic economy main cabin within us and Canada   Gold medallion 2x checked baggage 70 IBS 32KG   In basic economy  & main cabin within us and Chanda    Platinum medallion 3x checked baggage  70 IBS 32KG  basic economy main cabin within us and Canada
United Airlines, they also hand out free beatings.
LOL on the Home Alone reference. 11:38
Delta is the best domestic legacy carrier by a mile
Never thought I'd hear United's app described as "class  leading" by any stretch of the imagination. You give me things to think about!
A320 is a wider fuselage than B737.   Apples & Oranges.
C'mon Jeb, just say it! All American carriers are crap! I've seen many European, Asian and Middle Eastern carriers offer better meal and entertainment options on flights as little as 90 minutes.....in economy!! That said, I can't believe United won this challenge. But, facts are facts. No seat back IFE is a minus, a reasonable price for wifi and streaming a plus. No hot meal is minus, but a good buy-on-board is a plus. And, as I understand it ( I may be wrong ), no American air carrier will grant access to their lounges when flying domestic first or business class which if true, I think is a disgrace.
Don’t pretend you didn’t buy the row of seats. Still decent tho. Good job
This was a challenge to endure economy class on these airlines in comparison to your vlog of doing a 6 day transatlantic crossing on the QM2 in a Princess Grill room.
They all suck. The end.
Hi Jeb and Suzanne, l watched the video at SEA while waiting for my flight home to PSC. I appreciate the sacrifices you two make so you can bring us great content.
Thank you Suzanne for noting your biases for United. Did you recuse yourself in rating United?😅
Jeb, thank you for controlling all variables!
I’m embarrassed to say I haven’t seen a Jeb video in a while but I love the addition of Suzanne
This year I got to fly Delta to LAX and United back to my home airport from SF.  Both in economy.    (1) The inflight entertainment was a lot better as per your video on the Delta flight.  (2) I forget what the two types of airplanes were but the United one felt older and looked its age.  Delta looked fresher.  The seat was also better on Delta.  (3)  The service on both were pretty lousy.  I don't know if the crew doesn't like economy passengers or what, but it felt like we were more of an inconvenience than anything else.  The United crew was especially bad this time around, where they basically were just throwing the snacks at us as they went down the aisle.  I am glad to pay for the cheaper air fare to be able to get where I need to go, but I don't look forward to flying like I used to because of the crews.  At least domestically.  I have to put a plug in for Air New Zealand.  The crew we had from Auckland to SF was simply amazing.  I can't say enough good things about them.  They had a medical emergency on the flight and they handled it very well.  They also were very generous with their snacks.  I also was very air sick and had been declining to eat stuff and my crew member asked what she could get for me instead since I wasn't feeling so well.  Amazing crew, one of the best I have gotten to work with.  Wish more airline crews were professional and caring.
Right  now American is going through a contract strike/negotiations. So it’s not a surprise that customer service wasn’t the best. I really want those screens back in AA…..If any fellow travelers who want an updated experience. You have to let the company know by submitting a complaint for the lack there of entertainment on board the plane. The CEO took out the screens.
@suzanne, Suzanne. Thank you for your sustainability and refilling your water bottle. Which airports in the country have the best water filler stations?
Too bad you got one of the United Maxes that don’t have screens, most of them do. It will be great in a few years when all United planes have screens.
For me it’s all about price. I’ve gotten the best deals on United for cross country flights from PIT to the west coast, and it’s a tie between American and Delta when I fly from PIT to NYC. I won’t fly United from PIT to NYC because the only direct service between the two takes me to EWR 🤮
My answer before watching this video: I'd guess it'd be Delta.
stopped watching at first mention of the jeb score just 12 seconds in :(
Of all history's great inventions, the Jeb Score has to rank up there
Bias definitely got the better of you, Delta is better overall
I experienced a weird routing around weather back in 2016 when I flew Delta from Denver to NYC.  They routed the flight up to the great lakes to get around mid-western storms.
You and Suzanne should do a challenge of sorts against one another .
United legroom on their 739 is surprisingly good for a 30in pitch, not quite on par with Alaska or SWA.  Supposedly the United MAX9 is an 18in wide seat with 31in pitch and the 30in pitch with 17in width is their normal 739, but who knows how long ago SeatGuru was last updated.  Service is often slow coming out of Denver or ends early coming into Denver as the region is prone to turbulence and summer storms.  United's love affair with the 737-900 doesn't help there as they often can't climb over weather or turbulence, Alaska is similar as they also heavily use the 739
Neck pillows and NOISE CANCELLING HEADPHONES. Man what a game changer those are. You don't get the noise fatigue from the engines!
United is the winner. OK, I'll check your final scores for the 3 airlines. I'll see the next video for international airlines. 👍
I like the Grand Seiko.
Hi, try out Copa Airlines to Panama City. I’m sure you will enjoy their service and the sights in Panama.
Sempitla Delta punya seat😅😅😅
I flew on UA from DEN-ORD last Wednesday, 9-15. It departed out of A-25. Lol. Nice report.
I love your channel I love American airlines too from Steve here Invercargill NZ
Love your content!    98% of my travels are basic and regular economy. I only travel with a backpack, and typically book several weeks out for pricing.    Unless I’m traveling internationally, I’ve never seen the point in upgrading domestically.
Sadly, American will continue to lag behind the other mainline airlines with their drab cabins, overpriced WiFi and lack of choices when it comes to snacks, even for purchase.  What's worse is that their services to central and South America are the same when airlines such as Copa serve meals on board. For free!
Do avelo and SunCountry for the next ULCC and then do SWA Breeze and JetBlue.   Not sure where Alaska fits. Maybe Alaska from Charlotte to Seattle then Hawaiian to Honolulu?
A fantastic video! With the recent announcement that Brightline east starting service, will you be doing a video on the Orlando - Miami route?
Delta wins in my book. Most of the things Jeb ranked in this video were circumstantial, but free wifi and a guaranteed seat-back screen on any Delta flight (except 717) is unmatched among the big three imo.
I will be trying delta economy on the 24th. Exited to check it out.
Let's do some Canadian airlines! Porter prop planes vs jets...or WestJet vs Air Canada...or Flair vs another ultra low cost....or charters Air Transat vs Sunwing. Love watching the videos!
Of all the first class pajamas did Suzanne get to keep them ? Mary Beth
Doing the real Youtube work. First class reviews is easy mode. Most people don’t fly it unless they’ve got an upgrade.
Bit over dramatic on connection
As much as I love your premium cabin vids, I appreciate this look at standard economy! I’ve never flown United domestic, (die-hard Northwest/Delta guy) but after this video and Delta’s recent loyalty program changes, I might consider them for my next trip!
Ummmm.... I think the question should be "which one is the worst?" because they are ALL bad.  Three in a day would give me kidney failure.  You're a brave man, Jeb! 🤣
Huge bonus points for the Home Alone reference!! 😱
As a robust American, standing 6’4” 270 lbs, I can confidently say, from first hand experience, the correct answer is none of the above.
At least you were wearing your "Jeb" shirt.
Have ever thought about doing a YouTube on the Jetways that take us to the planes,  jetway plant here in the town I live in Ogden, Utah builds them.  Each time I board the plane I check where it was built, most often then not Ogden Utah. thank you Kevin
Sadly after the mergers all three lost the best of the original airlines.  Northwest, Continental and US Air all had much better service.
Love your logic and standardizing the flights as much as possible. Keep it up!
My understanding is that united makes you pay extra for the first carry on, no?
I flew economy on United from Tokyo Haneda to San Francisco on a B777-200, i gotta say, They need to step up their game. The Asian carriers economy seats were way more comfortable with a lot better amenities. I've flown economy on Asiana, Korean Air, Eva, Singapore, China Airlines, Cathay Pacific and Philippine Airlines, was able to at least take a nap comfortably as well as enjoy a bit bigger screens. Never had I experienced lower back pain on an Economy flight other than United, the seats were pleather or something, the screens were on a smaller side, the bathroom was dull.
"Why do I keep doing this to myself?"  Because Mr. Jeb you wish to provide to your subscribers nothing but the best in content.  You keep doing this to yourself so that the rest of us will know what to expect when we do the same thing to ourselves.  For that we are all eternally grateful!  😊
Delta is still tops for me - partially because of where I live. American always lets me down, and United is fine, except it usually means another flight because of where I start.  Good summary - Delta not keeping you informed is unacceptable and not the norm for me - between the delta app, the screens at the gate, and the announcements, I am surprised you weren't kept informed.
No MAX for me.
I don’t think paying almost double for minor food option availability is a good trade off… Delta to me was the clear winner. Free Wi-Fi  is great! Great job as usual guys… going on the California Zephyr Nov 12 based on your reviews, looking forward to it!
I flew from. SFO to O'Hara on United economy and it was the worst experience ever. Worse than Frontier😂
Lately LAX has construction on some of the alley ways, and runways.
The insane view of the Grand Canyon makes that flight the winner.
Never had a good experience on American Airlines. Even Spirit is better
Interesting as always Jeb
Suzanne really knows her planning !!! Mapped this out perfectly
I just told this story to my mom...She went to graduate school in Chicago. I did my graduate school in Ohio and New Jersey. We hail from Idaho. I don't remember where we were flying on this trip, but we had a layover at O'Hare. I do remember we were on United. We had flown from Boise, Idaho to Denver (Stapleton), then to Chicago (The only time I ever flew on a DC-11!). So we disembarked, checked the board (this was when they were all the flip screens). Cool! Our next gate was only about 5 gates away. We get there, and there was a gate change. Not only was it a gate change, but a concourse change. Plenty of time. We wander under to the other gate. We get there and, wait, what??? They changed the gate again, and we were back at the same concourse but yet a different gate and we had (checks watch) FIVE MINUTES to get there before they pushed. We made it. We were young, fat, but could run. We made the flight.
Fly sun country!!!
Jet blue??
These comparison videos are truly elite ! Nobody’s doing it like Jeb ! 🔥🔥
As usual another great video, love the fact you do travel vlogs about how most people travel. 👍
Wife always gets the armrest 😉. Lol (you mean) #DeltaFirstClass 🔼 🛩️ shout out to NWA!
On my United flight from EWR to DEN we actually got two drinks services for some reason, idk why because DEN to EWR only had one
I honestly would not say this is a fair comparison re seat comfort.  Of course Delta had more seat width seeing as you were on an A320, which are known for having wider seats.  If you were comparing 737s or A320 series (including A319 and A321) from all of the airlines, then I think it would be a better comparison in that regard.
I'm fairly sure that 'best economy class' is an oxymoron as there as no such thing as a good flight in cattle class.
I’m a 15 year employee of one of these airlines. The airlines NEED stuff like this. Criticism. It keeps them improving their service. Without this, it’s sad to say, we’d end up being treated like peasants. Keep it up Jeb.
With Delta, you are either first class or no class.   That being said, I have no class when I fly Delta.
but you forgot to mention with AAl that if you have TMobile, wifi is free and you can text friends and family on the ground
pls make a long haul comparison
Awesome video as always Jeb! Think I saw you and Suzanne in the LGA skyclub on your way home from this trip. I was getting coffee next to you but didn’t want to bug you first thing on a Sunday morning. I remember meeting you at Hops in the Hangar 2020 talking about the new 764 D1 cabin. Amazing how things changed after that…
Great reviews but unfortunately United and Delta don’t have many nonstop flights from my hub and they are just so much more expensive
Thanks for sharing, I did travel on each couple years ago , I would say delta , I did delta 757 was good service.  United 737 was good but need improvement, AA 737 not at all , I be flying with AA again in couple weeks time A321 aircraft hope they don’t lose my luggage again
You can get into the Delta sky lounge with a main cabin ticket.
As a Texas resident, most of my flights are on United, American, or Southwest.
I was on a flight from Toronto to LGA once, and we taxied for so long, at some point I looked at my seatmate and said "So we're driving to New York today".  The look on his face for a couple seconds told me he thought it was true lol
I would not choose to fly on a very old aircraft....
I like the everyman reviews in economy
Delta, preferred. American, maybe. United, never.
I think that delta was the winner here, as they do offer a buy on board program…
Fact check: you can bring a carry on flying basic economy on Delta and American
It’s sad to see how American has become what it is now. Used to be a great airline to fly, United and Delta are both miles ahead nowadays. American is essentially a low cost carrier that charges full price. Hurts me to say as well because they are the airline I’ve flown with the most.
I’m usually on United or American. Flew delta recently and holy cow the boarding process is total garbage across the board.
The Enginerd got you good with that experiment call out.
Where can you buy a green grass tape measure?😂
If you are flying coach, economy, or whatever you call it...out of the big 3 the best is Delta. The seats are basically are all the same.  But wanted to bring up what you said about leaving security at O'Hare. Since Delta left Terminal 2 and moved to Terminal 5, O'Hare Airport provides a bus system that will take you between Terminals 1 & 5 or Terminals 3 & 5 without having to go through security. Just wanted to point that out.  Lastly, my wife and I went through Frankfurt today and wanted to say thank you for the tips you provided in a recent video.
I use to love United…but they removed Cleveland as a main hub…so a lot of direct flights were removed. Although I hear they still rent the space but don’t use it to keep other airlines from coming in. If that’s true..that stinks.
Really hope to run into you guys flying out of Chicago one day.
Great job
I love all of them  American  Delta  United
So the same service on Frontier and Spirit Airlines as far as in the air
U and your wife look so happy together lol great video 🎉
Thanks! The most luxurious I've ever flown was Southwest's exit row.
Those quinoa crisps are shockingly good.
It’s Rare You Get a Screen On Economy class!
Jeff, I need to correct you.  You CAN bring a carry on and personal item on Delta Basic Economy for no extra charge.  I just recently flew from BGM-BOS, and I did not have to pay extra for my carryon.  I even got upgraded to Comfort Plus for free!  There are some benefits to being handicapped; also I am first on the plane, even over 1st class.  One of the many, many reasons I'm so loyal to Delta.
United all the way > Delta if I have no other choice > never American
Y’all are biased with United , we had the worst time with United domestically and international. 😂
But are they the same plane ✈️ “standard narrowed body” for planes can vary from even a couple inches hence giving more leg room or height..
United is an airline, AA is a credit card company which happens to be an airline.  Same is true to for delta. You can see by the way United is expanding and partnering with different airlines.
Great comparison. Would love to see a comparison of Southwest vs Alaskan vs JetBlue
You should do JetBlue mint from JFK to AMS!
Not that it’s a excuse for the lack of a Captain departure briefing on Deltas flight. But it does appear by the signal the wing Walker was giving that the flight crew may have had their hands full starting an engine at the gate most likely due to an inoperative APU. Sometimes that takes a lot of coordination at certain airports between flight deck crew, ramp personnel, flight attendants, ATC and the gate agent….
I disagree  !!!  Delta was the Best !  Rebook at what you said  !
Leave the take off with the sound of the plane
I like to bring a one bag travel. It works really well for short trips and makes it really easy for connecting flights. Appreciate your hard work JEB love the content for me and my family!
Just remember, if you fly United don't take your Taylor guitar.
Worst taxi was JFK around the evening rush, we had such a long wait for the runway, we taxied all the way to the other side of the airport, and then PARKED for 20 minutes! Then taxied all the way back around to right next to our terminal because that was the active runway! I don’t mind a tour of the airport, and we had enough padding to make up time in the air.   My best economy experience: America West over 15 years ago. Unfortunately American ate them, and the experience nose dived. Switched to Delta and it was much better than American, but not quite America West until we tried Delta internationally. That was great (but British Airways was the best.) My old boss loved Continental, but when they merged with United, she switched to JetBlue.
Next couple of vids I think you should do  Southwest vs avelo vs suncountry And breeze vs Alaska vs JetBlue
Delta is questionable.  United not so good.  American forget it.  All of them seem to be interested in entertaining passengers and not serving them.  Forget to you and your wife for doing this to yourselves. Changing carriers is something you just don’t do because of making to your next flight.  You were lucky to have made it. Bring your own food and drinks. Most times during Covid you get nothing.. not even a smile.
Can’t wait two weeks in between videos anymore, Jeb!
A very nice Grand Seiko on the wrist🤩
I love the Rick Steves shirt!
Of those 3 United i really the worse I have ever flown. The price to me is a game changer. Snacks? give me a bag of pretzels and a cup of coffee, anything else you pay for. Thank you United, you paid for your snacks. You say you're unbiased, you're not. On almost all of your videos, United wins. They put you on a bus that says United on the side and you'll still pick them.
If you have time for food in ORD, I recommend “Frontera”. (And of course, pick up a bag to go of “Garrett Popcorn”)
I’ve flown southern in Hawaii.
You guys need to do a review of BUC-EE'S AND SOUTH OF THE BORDER!!!!!
I'm sure you've experienced the infamous "barking dog sound" when you've flown on Airbus a320 planes.  It's kind of weird but interesting at the same time. I've explained it to kids and other people who were curious about the sound.  And that's one of my favorite things about flying as well is explaining things to kids and first-time flyers or other people who are just curious about aircraft and their different systems and other aviation-related stuff.
Impressively refurbished cabins for what are ageing aircraft.
“10 minutes to boarding”! That’s nothing! 5 minutes to door closes and I’m not nervous
Wow that plane is as old as me.  I just recently got into looking up and tracking tail numbers of the planes that I fly on just to see how old they are and other interesting details about the plane.
As someone who longs to know what the best economy is, this video gave a lot to consider!
As a jet setter myself I love this content and seeing which airlines are the best as I travel a lot
I knew you would do the home alone scream. But H17 Is not H10
LOL we really think alike.   I've got something similar planned towards the end of October.
I❤Delt Economy
Love your videos. You guys should try fasting or a very strong if the food isn't up to snuff instead of snacks though.
Great job on looking at everything as objectively as possible.  I might have to try United someday, I have all 3 airlines out of my local airport but have always flown American due to nostalgia.  Delta is always $150 more out of here and only goes to Atlanta, which is the opposite flight direction for my trips and United had that doctor get beaten up a few years back that made me think they were bad, but it is good to know they have gotten past that and are doing better again.
My top tip for flying economy. Don't
Loved the info. Late summer into early fall always seems to have inclement weather.
Kevin!!!!!😂
Surprised United won, sure the service and amenities were good, but nearly double the price good? Then again, could be biased, I love flying American 👀
American and Delta for life. United has the rudest flight attendants, and worst hubs.
Do WestJet VS Air Canada domestic economy.
I thought I saw y’all at ORD
What do you think about the changes coming to delta sky miles and lounges?
Why don’t you do  a vlog on the recent Delta changes?
snacks and juice
I’m a Delta boy through and through, but I low-key vibe with United, too. They’re massive improving 👍🏼
Hawaiian Airlines still publishes Hana Hou! magazine.
Best part of my Saturday! Keep up the good work Jeb
Our local airport doesn't have United service anymore unfortunately.  Used to be a Delta diehard but have flown American more and more lately, mainly because we can fly American domestic first for about what Delta economy usually costs from our home airport.  Great vid!
May I ask, how tall is Jeb? It looked like the knee room was quite limited on the first flight but not so bad on the other two.
I think you have to deduct points from United for that dirty wing.
What bags do you use for under the seats?
Great video as always, but as a fellow watch geek, let me for once compliment your collection. You’re always wearing some great pieces, and the Grand Seiko in this video is an astonishing one!!
Great video. I've only mainly flown American.  Most of the flights I've had service where the staff just felt like they don't wanna be on board. Maybe exhaustion.  My favorite airline was Virgin America.  1st class was really cheap from Texas to California.  Staff every single time treated me like I was the coolest.  Plenty of healthy snacks and meals.  Knew my 1st name before I even said my full name. It was great. I miss them haha. Haven't really flown since they went with Alaska. Alaska is still a good domestic but that spark feels missing. Just ready to win lottery so I can fly again. Have a great weekend.
I get why did you guys did the Big 3, but we needed an Alaska comparison as well for all us West Coasters!
Love your videos Jeb, really entertaining! just out of curiosity what software do you use for video editing?
I appreciate how you demonstrate storing properly sized carry on bags on their side in the overhead bins.
love form pakistan
Dude you’re the best white I know
very informative. what is your next adventure?
We can generalize the experience, price of amenities, ect.. but it would be great to know a price comparison of each leg.
Can you do an American Airlines hub hop?
My biggest issue with United (I can’t say the same for delta or American because I’m not sure) is that those 5-6 hour flights have no free meal offering in economy
I look forward to these weekly videos.. And feel really off when they take a week off..
Seriously? None of the big 3 can get to a 50% on the Jeb score? F! And a 7? That is absolutely dismal. A miracle you made your destination. Maybe check your bags next time--see how many arrive?
I would love to see you all at Victoria Falls. Devils Pool.
I get to fly American from Denver to Greensboro, with a layover in Dallas.
These airlines are really not very different from Spirit or Frontier.
You guys are amazing ❤ love your reviews
Back in February, I did a roundtrip flight to Norfolk to visit family. I flew out of Omaha on Delta with a stop in Detroit. The flight going was on CRJs, and the legroom was a bit cramped. There was no WiFi connection, and there was no explanation as to why. I doubt I will fly them again! On the way back, I flew on American with a stop at LaGuardia. Each leg was on Embrears. These were roomy and the seating was very comfortable. I will consider them again, if the need arises.  Unfortunately, I cannot say anything about United. I haven't flown them. Maybe someday!
You need to redo this once you go on United’s new interior where every seat has a 16” tv and Bluetooth
Whilst there is a possibility Donald Trump is elected as to the Presidency I will never spend my time in the US
fly during the offseason on a widebody if possible to get a whole row to yourself potentially
Personally, getting the surprise-boarding-complete-empty-middle bonus is just as much of a rush as receiving the complimentary-upgrade-to-first email!
Not in my recent experiences with United. Flying coach on United has and is always stressfull, flying from TR Denver to SF, RT Denver to Kona, and Newark to Denver. The planes had narrow overhead bins and seats had narrower depth that reduces the under the seat depth capacity that your bag protrudes out to your feet. I travel with carry-ons and United always will ask or have you check your luggage at the gate if you are not in the higher boarding group number. So, my United experience is always stressful. In March I flew a United round trip from Denver to kona and both times the meals were cold meals with the choice of off the fridge cold piece of chicken on cold pasta, or cold quinoa with cold toufu. Three weeks ago I flew from Denver to Philadelphia to Bangor on American and I was surprised the overhead bins were as on this video, larger capacities with regular under the seat storage capacity and with more leg room, but then, they were airbusses. I also fly Southwest with no problems. Again for me flying United has always been a stressful experiencer, and I try to avoid flying United..
Not long ago I flew from atlanta to LaGuardia first off atlanta security is weird and at LaGuardia it was just horrible
Great Video! I think  Delta is awesome because of the screens and the Biscoft and Starbucks coffee is a plus! As far as advice get a neck pillow if you're flying economy!
Should re-do this on United's NEXT interior planes. Flew on one a few weeks ago it was a big difference with the seatback screens
the United flights I’ve taken have not had a free carry-on option available which is a huge downside for me, kinda shocked that wasn’t mentioned. Great video overall, as someone who flies economy on the reg bringing your own snacks and a refillable water bottle is a must. 😅
I flew Southern/Mokulele island hopping HNL-LNY-OGG-KOA. It’s a plane-lover’s dream, if they sit you right behind the cockpit!!
I scream when the famous Jeb brooks uploads economy class
Jeb your the best trip reporter!
I love your videos so much
Palm Springs psp?
Both Of Them Are Best 👌 👍 😍 🥰 ☺️ 💖 👌
Love these comparisons!! I found the one you guys did on the budget airlines to be outstanding because I've been considering them for short haul flights within the U.S.
Jeb, how do you feel about the Air France and Lufthansa service coming to RDU? I’m really excited!
Man, we sat in Delta's "newer" plane on our way from SLC-HNL earlier this year and they were the single most uncomfortable seats I've ever sat in and it's made me not want to fly Delta ever again if that's how economy is going for them. It was their new refreshed long haul where they added in the Premium Economy section. On our way back it was a normal Delta plane and it was your average economy seat, but holy hell that first flight was brutal. I've flown most domestic airlines like AA, United, Delta,  Southwest and Allegiant for shorter legs. These were BY FAR the mots uncomfortable seats in any plane ever, which was previously held by American Eagle smaller flights in my experience. I really hope Delta doesn't put those seats in everything. I really loved Delta before especially being out of SLC, but their rising prices and how they just murdered status and SkyMiles makes me rethink that.
What do you think about the new Delta lounge plan? I feel like the other airlines will soon follow the same idea.
Go united airlines! I work for them and we're waaaayyy better than delta! See you in the sky! Thanks for putting the "U" above the rest! Oh we're definitely better than AA
I never fly in economy. Not worth the lower price.
What program do you use to edit your videos?
Our experience out of DTW,  is Delta is most organized,  taxiing is shorter,  DTW is smaller than the airports your video featured. Our United experience was just okay.
What happened ? You’ve shown this video before.
Every time I’ve flown southern they cancel my flight.  If you want to try them, try them on either IAD-DUJ, IAD-BFD, PIT-DUJ, PIT-BFD.
I just booked American for a long-haul flight from Germany to the US and back to spend time with family for Thanksgiving. I splurged for seats in the first row in the main cabin. I normally purchase without seat selection, but I want a little more leg room this time. I hope it makes for a more comfortable flight.
Love this Jeb! But please do some American hub hoppin' or is it to stressful? 🤣
What the hell is Jeb Brooks doing with us NORMAL people??? Go back first class and sip your champagne!!!
Fantastic video guys!
New challenge for you and Susan fly into the 3 least used airports in the country… and stay overnight.
I’m curious what you think of the Skymiles changes Jeb!
suzanne need her own episode
I personally think that I'd stick with Delta due to the fact that it was so much cheaper then United for a similar experience. You never fail to disappoint me however keep it up my friend! I'm going to Alabama next February, I'll tell ya about my Delta expirenece then!
@11:40 Kevin!!
Thanks for another great and informative vid.
How do you find out the age of the aircraft?
Always enjoy your videos! With so many travel YouTubers putting out endless first class videos it’s refreshing to see some economy stuff!
Jeb, how tall are you?
Suzzane and Jeb are SO cool. Love your honest storytelling and good vibe.
I almost always fly United. I have one of the  United credit cards. I have to admit that United service is not getting any better. The crew members don't want to be part of the flight anymore and this is true for their International flights in Polaris Cabin. Let's make flying fun again! As always the video was entertaining and informative.
Best tip is don’t fly economy class
Loved seeing you at the end of Noel's video last week! You two are my favorites!
Great videos man
Glad you guys had a good time again, even though you spent all of it in the cheap seats! Flying economy after always treating yourself to more premium travel keeps you humble I think.  Maybe you two don’t see it as very good value, but when you next travel long haul, I’d love to see you review a premium economy product. Some say it’s the biggest cash grab airlines offer, others say it’s such good value. Interested to know you’re take, or some of you guys reading this too.
Thank you for doing a head to head economy battle of the three biggest airlines in the US!! I’ve been waiting for someone to do it!!
I got my PPL at the March AFB Aeroclub back in 2014, it was pretty rad. Going through the gate and faxing a flight plan for every flight was the only difference. We have four T-34s you could rent and a bone yard of 12 or so airframes to keep them airworthy long story short. New base commander and gear collapse on the main runway kind of put an end to the club.   You and pop are hilarious that banter 😂 always cracks me and my wife up
Economy tips:   - Bring a portable charger in case you don’t get your own   - Bring your own water/snacks (just in case FAs cannot serve due to weather)   - Avoid middle seat at all costs!   - If you’re taller, invest in the exit row  - Download movies to keep you and kids entertained just in case WiFi doesn’t work  - Neck pillows!  - Pick seats closer to the front for a smoother ride!
Delta better
I’ve noticed that seat width depends on equipment in many cases. In general Airbus 320 family aircraft have slightly wider economy seats than the 737 family. The best for economy seat width is the Embraer 170, 175, 190, and 195. If I’m flying economy, I choose specific aircraft types, if possible, for wider seats.
FWIW, the Delta seat was wider because it was an A320 while the UA and AA planes were 737s. The A320s are wider than the 737s which means the seats are an extra inch wider. If you were on a DL 737, your seat width would have been the same as the AA and UA planes.
Can you please make a video next week Jeb?
Compare southwest and JetBlue, just make sure the products are similar, it wouldn’t be fair to compare southwest 737-700 vs a brand new JetBlue a321neo.
Too bad Delta announced the death of their skymiles program. I really enjoyed delta and can't believe they would do something like this to their customers
These traveling videos for us poors is very helpful. As someone who is 6'6'' and can't afford to fly anyway except economy I say this will all sincerity. PLEASE KILL ME. Thank you. All the best.,
Im a huge fan of your videos and I am an aviation and airport nerd. I would love to do stuff like this.
Always a Joy to watch
I always grab a sub or something from one of the restaraunts and bring it on the plane with me. Makes for a great meal while on the plane
So much fun, I’m so glad you made it! What a comparison! Here’s a question: have any itineraries ever busted for making content? And if so, can we see a video in the future on them?
My favorite airline won 🥳
Thank you Jeb, with the recent Skymiles loyalty nerf I am probably switching to United. Nice to know what I might be getting into.
My last flight on Delta was sadly lacking.  Crew did not like people. Covid seems to have gotten rid of so many great crew mbrs.
Always great content.. like we are right there with you
No Alaska?
I’m a pilot for Southern. It’s a experience for sure! Pc12’s in PHX and DEN. C208’s everywhere else. Come fly with us!
Awesome video, love it! Never fail to impress me on these videos. Do you recommend Delta international on economy class?
Interested to know why Suzanne likes United the best?
Yeah! United! I am an United fan! to the point that I only travel with United - with some exceptions when going to Europe for connections with Lufthansa. Tickets with United tend to be higher but, in my opinion, it is worth it. I also enjoy being a member of the United dining and mileage program. Satisfied to see that in both of your eyes, United was the winner. I truly enjoy your videos. Thank you.❤
Jeb Jeb Jeb classic Jeb
I was so happy when you mentioned us dispatchers at 14:16!
Your very funny. Informative and entertaining.Never boring.Fun.Thanks.Bless you.
Sus so cute as always 😊Jeff……🤔lovely also😂
Great vid! Please do make more videos about Alaska Airlines 🙏
American offers boxed meals similar to the ones featured on Delta. I hate those Biscoff "cookies". I ask for something else. They usually give me pretzels. I don't know why but airline pretzels are the best. At least that has been the case for my experiences. Our airport only has American, so I only fly American.
I enjoy your honest appraisals be it Boat, Train or Plane... My favorite snacks from home are my homemade biscuits and or Irish Soda Bread or a really dense brownie along with MRE CHEESE and Peanut Butter Packets, which sometimes Homeland throws away except for the Sealed MRE's. I bring Avio fortifide Drink Flavoring usually Grape or Lemonade and a 1.5 Liter bottle of Smart Water which I constantly refill during the trip if water is not offered.. Lastly, Goose down Booties since my feet tend to swell above 10,000 feet. American has really down graded compared to what I flew in the 1960's. My first trip was to Hawaii from up State New York. Then as an exhausted Marine returning home with a flight from San Diego to New York, non-stop, I fell asleep right away and woke up to find I was covered with a Blanket and a Pillow behind my head and my Food being held for me... Times and CEO Greed has truly had a negative effect on passengers..
A Southern Airways video would be amazing! They're such a fun airline to fly.
I'd like to know your thoughts on the recently announced SkyMiles changes, if you've got any!
Great vlog as always! I am with the mrs. UA is my go to airline in the US. I have flown domestic in the US since the late 80s. Back then DL, and CO was to avoid at all cost. I miss TW, NW, PI, and US. At US I felt at home. Down to earth airline. Keep up the good work. Be safe!
Lady never fails to complement the dude!   And she had to take the middle?
Flights have sure changed.   Used to always get a meal and planty of snacks, and people were respectful to each other.   Boy, those days are gone!  I used to commute to the middle east back in the 80s working with Lockheed.   My biggest fear back then were the terrorists which is why I flew Lufthansa.   Their food was awesome and their security was second to none.    These days, you even look at someone wrong and they go beserk.  Glad to be semi-retired.
So good ❤
Thank you for taking the time to make this video. Not everyone can afford to fly first or business class.  I have been following your channel for a while and thoroughly enjoy your content. Please continue with what you are doing
Great comparison! Finally some products I'm actually familiar with.  You got quite unlucky with your United plane there; I think more than half of their Max 9's have been fitted with screens. Bad luck you got one that haven't.  Free wifi is great but there's a shocking number of Delta planes that don't have it yet. I don't know the number off the top of my head but at least for me, more than half the planes I've been on in the last few months do not have them. And worst yet, the planes that don't have free wifi cost as much as American for wifi. While United's isn't free, I think there's something to be said for the consistency of their $8 price point (one that Alaska and Southwest both match too).  I don't generally like AA's onboard product but they do consistently have three plugs per three seats and I wish both Delta and United would follow suit.
🤘🏻😎🤘🏻 Awesome stuff dude
This is going to be the best video ever
Great work like always
As a guy with wide shoulders, the widths of these seats is absolutely ridiculous - 17" would be tight for me even if I completely removed my arms and shoulders. Whenever I fly economy, I end up sitting forward and sideways, and end up in horrible back pain by the end of the trip. 24" should be a regulated *minimum* for seats.
Hi
hi jeb
I've never flown United, I once was supposed to but their plane crapped out at the gate and their agents help get me a new flight with Amereican who really stepped up.  United lost my bags and American again stepped up and delived them a few days later. Flown Delta alot but thats mostly because my closest airport is a Delta hub.
“Economy Hopping?”
Claim you within an hour ticket
Jeb you’re a man of taste with your Grand Seiko and Speedmaster 👍🏼👍🏼
Good video.  You said you couldn’t get in the Sky Club on an economy ticket?  Since when?  They always let me in w/ my Amex.  I’m surprised at the poor communication you had on Delta.  I don’t think I’ve EVER (ok, maybe one time) had a flight where the pilot didn’t come on the PA before the flight to say Hi.  The agents usually do much better communicating also, but I realize this can be hit-or-miss.  Anyway, looking forward to your next video!
Jeb, A319/320/321, have a wider cabin than the Boeing 737's which means they have wider seats in economy.
Great job! Your so lucky to do this and we are happy to make you have this experience!
Always try to avoid united cause of rude staff and dirty cabins. Even if AA doesn’t have IFE or extra food they have better crew
So next comparison video will be Jetblue vs Southwest😂
Great content, i would love for you guys to come to Canada and try our airlines and rate them also.
I love your vids u are best airplane YouTuber ever!!!!
Do fans of your channel ever see you in the airport and say hello?
Hi Jeb, can you show the measures in metric system too? Thank you!
Good video  I enjoy watching you guys. Lots of fair information. Good looking couple  Your wife is very pretty. Maybe you should include a bathroom review also of the airplane ✈️  Yes I’m subscribed
Great video Jeb. I always avoid American when possible for the reasons that you presented in this video. Between United and delta I agree with your judgment with United over Delta. United is adding seat back screens across their fleet and they have the best loyalty program by far. The hit or miss catering may throw some people off but overall they deliver a solid product that gets you from point a to b. Again great video and I look forward to the next one. It would be great to see a comparison between these three airlines long haul. Safe travels.
This guy is the best and never fails
FIRST 100 COMMENTS
Good overview.  For the 'Basic Economy video', I think the best way to look at it would be for which Airline sucks the least, lol.
Absolutely stunning video as usual!!
Are united, delta and American full service airlines? The food they offer is worst than a low cost carrier in South East Asia. You can order or buy hot food even for a short hop from KL to Kuching which is a distance shorter than any of the legs shown. Malaysia Airlines from KL to Kuching has hot food service with drinks as well. For  the big 3 in the US I thought the food and service is much better than a low cost carrier.
I love your delta videos and your airports reveals Series, Please most more!
awesome review! just like you, i rate AA last.
Too much economy for Jeb, when is he getting back to first class...
I love these kinds of videos. Great job as always. Keep it up.
Why LGA and not JFK?
question y isnt this channel called jeb and suzanne brooks
6:30 that’s not that bad. It’s one thing if you pull into the gate and the connection started boarding 15 minutes ago. This is nothing
American doesn’t even have an inflight map on their Wi-Fi inflight portal thingy 😒
Great and very informative video as usual!
Great video, Jen and Suzanne!
5:32 right over Monument Valley, breathtaking!
Be sure to watch this to the very end! A barking dog is a funny conclusion to the economy class travel day. 🤭
Maybe its nice to do from Eindhoven airport a economie test on transavia corendon and raynair
American has the better hub airports, Delta has better seats and well United exists.
Love that Eva Air boeing 777-300 at LAX, good video tho.
United has always been my favorite. I'll not use American unless I absolutely have to because of the luggage fees.
I like jet blue to be honest ?
Last weekend I got stuck in JFK for over 55 hours due to weather! I am under 21, so I couldn’t book a hotel; I had to sleep on the floor of the airport for 2 nights! Due to time restraint, I never actually reached my destination, I had to fly back to where I started. I only had a backpack, with no clothes, soap, or toothpaste. Has anything like this ever happened to you?
Welcome back. Watching your videos is like watching a movie. Your videos are so entertaining.
I love his videos
Would love to see a video or even a post explaining the new Delta SkyMiles, Medallion, and SkyClub changes and your opinion on them!
Hope to see Avelo reviewed on your channel soon.
The H concourse is from Home Alone!!!
I agree with Suzanne: United is the best!  My tip for Econ? Take advantage of the buy on board, and be nice to the FAs. They may sneak you a treat if you are a great passenger!
Maybe fly Southern or Air Choice One
Didnt you guys do this just recently?
I heard the United 737 MAX 9s the newer ones have really cool seatback entertainment systems
*JetBlue: I am lonely.*
Love you guys so much ❤❤❤
I’m a simple man, I see a Jeb Brooks video and I watch
I flew on United last week on their E175s and the legroom was actually quite decent in the middle, and I'm a little under 6'2". I've flown on AA's mainline several times and the legroom was always a bit tight for me...
Do one with Jet Blue and Southwest!
So awesome to see a new video 😂😊
This video is awesome
Weird how at LAX Delta departed southside while United and American northside. Usually Southwest and Delta are north while United and American are south and Frontier varies
Jeb you guys always continue to impress me. The fact that you all are willing to sit anywhere for the good of us and show the different amenities is awesome!! Although I'm bias to delta I appreciate how neutral you guys are. Keep it up!!
This is a reupload, no?
First class in Africa to economy in the Us, thank you Jeb for keeping us updated
19th
DELTA!
You should do southwest
I take Alaska. There is enough leg space and the attendants are really nice.
Jeb isn’t too posh to squeeze himself into a budget seat, even though luxury travel is on his monthly agenda. Hat’s off, even though your career has taken off, you are still very down to earth and that’s what we love about you!
This video seems familiar somehow.
Do economy class now between Southwest, Alaska, JetBlue, and Breeze!!!
Yeah boys  make the best contact. Keep you off the work.
Never been so early! Love a good economy review!
Unbelievable what a fun video
Nice
hi
Hi jeb love your videos watching from rainy Ireland keep up great work😊
Ehmazing
The best economy class is me for the entire month after my wife hijacks my salary on salary day
Dude never fails to entertain Edit: ( Thx for all the likes!! )
First also nice vid
