What a whole heap of fun that was! Such a big thanks to all of the wonderful folks at Lost Fox Tattoo (and to you too Tom, you did good!).  Also, for anyone curious: no, I didn't get the tattoo touched up or fixed by Tash or Gaia. As lovely and as talented as they are, I wanted to leave this one a 100% Genuine Tom Scott Original. It is perfectly imperfect!
There's something incredibly special about a literally one of one tattoo from someone who was learning to do it but doesn't plan on tattooing any more than that. Getting a tattoo from a friend who is learning is also incredible, but in most cases they're gonna give people hundreds more. Not in this case though, this is as unique as it can get.
Tom Scott tries paintballing video ?
Can you do me a tattoo
Great vid.
Nice job, Tom!
Miss you, Tom Scott.
tras
Now Han can say she’s the only one with a proper Tom Scott tattoo. Bragging rights right there.
Tom has the vibes of a really cool narc. I love him
Next week, Tom Scott does underwater welding to repair a piece of the sunken Titanic.
Now I want the serial killer TOM tattoo!
Han sounded like a mother trying not to make her son sad while looking at his bad drawing.
Your apprehension makes me apprehensive and I've given myself scratch tatts with a burned needle and thread wrapped around it.
no cause his anxiety is thru the roof doing that like keep asking questions like dam he did that I couldn’t
I drunkenly got two tattoos one night from someone who's never tattooed anyone before. Just got a kit from Amazon and exchanged the work for a burger and onion rings from Jack in the box. One of the two turned out great but the shitty one is still a great story I wear on my wrist, albeit sometimes under a watch band. Tattoos are fun and they're about the experience, not the final result (so long as you aren't an egomaniac)
Tom apologising after every wobble is so sweet
They're so supportive of Tom. 🎉
24:32 At the bottom right i can see interference. Is that due to electric machines near the camera or is my wifi router blowing too much in the wind?
very wholesome
I love how the exposure and white balance changes after Tom’s montage of doing the stencil. He definitely spent his time perfecting it!
i like how the only person uncomfortable at all is tom. not even han is worried at all.
this guy asks for consent after consentual sex christ just do the tatoo already
Tom the most wholesome. love it
A tattoo should tell a story - this one certainly does :)
Motivational Quote Of the Day: You are NOT an Inkjet Printer
"I realize how dorky this looks, but I'm not going to take any risks with this." I love how concerned he was about messing up the tattoo. He really cares about getting it right. 13:35
Dude u r the most interesting content creator on any platform. Really enjoy your content. Keep up the great work.
Imagine learning how to write left handed with your right hand
Hans birthmarks are really cool
If YouTube fails, you still have a plan b
Tom is like Barbie
I would trust Tom scott with My life
This is the most intense video where someone draws a flower
I love seeing people that are more like me interacting with Tom, cause it's always another geek/profesional. So his akwardness is camouflaged by the osmosis of the other characters being nerdy aswell. But this time you can just feel how much of a little boy he is.
as a tattoo artist and a tom scott fan, this whole video was a masterpiece. Also, you did so well for a beginner! when I started I was absolute shite!
i cant imagine a more terrifying experience than having a tattoo artist whos more nervous than you haha, but that ended up a lot better than i thought it would
26:20 would you say that you were chuffed to bits?
It's really nice to see Tom do something, and be actually confident doing it. Very fun to watch!
An actual tattoo does a line flower
One thing I don't think Tom realises is that a tattoo like this is more about the meaning that how good it is. I hope It was great fun for both Han and Tom!
So the tattoo artist that explained what a blowout is actually got it wrong. it’s not too much ink, It’s actually too deep in the skin. there’s three layers of skin and you’re supposed to tattoo in the second layer and when a blowout happens its because the needle hits the third layer of the skin and causes the ink to actually spread in the fatty subcutaneous layer.
guys im not sure if everyone was careful and safe enough in this video😲😲😲😲
gaia sounds like that vice reporter that i saw on youtube.
he should have just got a dot some where to feel how it is
i *really* wish youtube had an option to turn off music in a video because the music is spiking my already disordered anxiety pAIN i would be fine if there wasn't music but the music is like no. emotion go brr. be scared >:>>>. and i am just like uh No i would quite like to Not have this much anxiety i already have enough as it is thank you lmao
This is one of my favorite videos
Why don’t tattoo artists where a ‘shoulder holster’ that has a upwards hook above the shoulder, behind which they can hook the cable? This would remove a lot of the downwards pull / twisting force that the cable imparts on the ‘pen’.
That’s what you call job security. Letting your boss tattoo you
You forgot to set the ink.
One of your best ones yet tom
The fact that they’re both trying to comfort tom instead of Han who’s actually having this thing poking into her skin is… hilarious
Tom seemed more nervous than the producer 😭
Really love how seriously they took this. So many people are blase about tattoos and end up with infections, shitty tattoos, etc.
I've never had a tattoo I don't think I ever would get one but if you noticed they're doing a very simple tattoo on her there's a reason for that because he messes that thing up there's two other actual qualified tattoo artists there that can go over and do something very nice for that lady to fix his screw up
I just imagine hearing Tom's dialogue while getting a tattoo  "aghhhh" x15 "it's not a disaster"  "I missed"  "It started so well!"
this was nerve wracking
I don't know if Han got the mistakes fixed, but I probably wouldn't. This tattoo, simple as it is, tells a story of how someone who I assume is a friend (can't be sure, but think so) did this. The mistakes are part of the story it tells and thus I personally wouldn't want to get rid of the imperfections. You could ask a million people to tattoo that flower but only one of them will tell this story. That's worth keeping perfectly imperfect
I wished Tom had got one done too! They are addictive I am about to get my third!
"Don't try this at home!" Me with my tattoo machine beside the producer of my YouTube channel: 😔
One of my tattoos is one my son drew. It’s the chemical symbol for Tungsten in a square. It’s got all the squiggly bit and is exactly as my son drew it. He obviously didn’t tattoo me, but the artist made a transfer of what my son had drawn and then copied it. I love it because my boy did it!!
Definitely witnessed it done without proper setup
21:02 it was funny to me that the client is asking the tattooist "so how was that?" 😂
Tom Scott is the only artist I will get a home job from
I think the wobble adds a look of a simple doodle which is a nice touch
21:42 that casual jab at printer manufacturers was perfect, surprised not a single person laughed at that
Maybe I'm giving thinking about Tom's vibrating lines too much. But it sort of looks like one of Warhol's Ink Blot drawings.. Where he draws in ink, folds the paper before it's dried and the reverse image, is the image.. All the lines look sort of blown out, but it's all intentional!
Tom has the coolest friends
I dub thee Sir (or Madam) Drama King (or Queen).  It's a tattoo, stop overacting and just do the damn thing.
these girls are so nice like every time he has people teach him there so supportive
Jane?
You can't beat doing your own stick and poke, or knocking up a gun with a Walkman motor and a needle 😂
"A medical treatment device" wow
Next: Tom Scott learns more about curved skin
His face when he says "Your skin is curved" oh my goddd
Tom Scott drills his producers tooth out.
You should try an ear piercing Tom!!
Why are you terrified of practising a tattoo?
I can’t express how heart warming it is to see the curiosity and care that Tom puts into everything he does. It’s what makes it so warm to watch anything he does.
Gigolo Tom Loves 💘 Trimming The Hedges. 🤭
It's too late Scott. I've tattooed my brother along with eleven others for his bachelor party. It's as horrible as you can imagine. No training what so ever with a single needle tattoo gun.
Perfectly imperfect, as Han said. One of the sweetest tattoos I've seen, done by one of the worlds sweetest :)
Thanks tom and the rest aswell i learned a lot of new insights seeing this video!
We all need people this supportive in our lives.
the fact he was more scared of coasters than this
I got catfished in a educational video 😢
Any bets on how long it will be untill someone asks for an autograph and hands him a battery-powered tattoo gun?
Hats off to the artists that help they where super supportive and helped a lot, you did a great job Tom!
Now I wish we got to see Tash & Gaia do some tattoo work too
Close your eyes at 19:23-20:00
Max fosh x Tom Scott collab???????
5:30 yes tatooing is a medical procedure, technically chirurgical ... as soon as you get in the body, because you do pierce the skin.
Tom ur good chill out
I’m so happy that Han decided to not get it touched up! 🥰
This is honestly the best one yet for me It’s so good to listen to and so calming
Tattoo's YUCK
most of the video was just tom asking for consent
It was very good how he specifically went out of the way to edit into the video “do not tattoo neighbourhood cats. I would never have known not to do that, thanks tom 😊
I thought it would be fun to see if Tom can give me one as well!!! 👏
That was flipping adorable
My favorite video in a long time 😀😀 so fun and thrilling
I feel Tom wanting to make that inkjet printer joke...
“I mean, of course I’m gonna be critical of it, ’cause I’m critical of everything like that” might be one of the sentences which are best at summarising this whole series / this channel / Tom’s general way of judging things he has made.
I respect the tattoo fixers.  They're the real artists. 😶👍
Han is a bro.
Toms nervous energy... It's actually kind of adorable. Everyone else is experienced and relaxed so the encouragement is so wholesome
Absolutely fabulous flower, Tom! Was not expecting tattoo art on this channel but very happy to see it!
The background music as he starts the tattoo is just spot-on. Enjoyed this video an improportional amount. Don't know exactly why.
Was expecting the tattoooing section to be a lot more gruesome than it actually ended up being.
I'm not even halfway through and I'm loving this. I've never gotten a tattoo and I've always been curious and this is such a wonderful overview for a layperson to address their fears! Thank you for doing this video.
so I should try this at home right?
Every time I watch one of your videos I absolutely love having closed captions color coded to everyone It makes it so nice knowing exactly who is talking when I have trouble hearing and/or differentiating voices. Well done.
For anyone that wants to do their own tattoos, don’t 14 year old me wanted stupid tattoos and they look horrible today
the professionals teaching him felt like im watching 2 teachers teaching a child a topic he seriously struggles with and he's gradually getting better and making strides
This is genuinely making me interested in learning how to tattoo
I am quite late to the party, but holy damn, you can be so proud of yourself! I can only imagine what a wonderful person you have to be for your "staff" to have such genuine trust! Awsome, I really hope you can look back at this experience forever as something absolutely magnificent!  Really, really well done video!
Please tattoo me Tom
So, uh... Today I just realized that both soldering and tattoos have similar styles of tools? Soldering irons have a pen style and a gun style. Now tattoo machines also have similar pen and gun form factors.  Huh.
Next vid:Tom does top Surgery
I wish I had a friend like Han
tom, when're you going to get a tattoo?
I just wanted to say that it to me the entire video seemed like a really wonderful and heart-touching experience, Tom and his staff being so close together and going to such lengths to me just re-ignites hope in humans, all the good vibes and friendliness all around this video was just wonderful, thank you so much for sharing this experience with us!
He says not to try this at home... To me a guy with 0 training who does some terrible one handed tattooing of my own skin at times since I got bored and ordered tattoo gear in...  Doing this at home is fine just make sure to get decent gear and don't use one of those prison tattoo guns that could give you tetanus.
So many legit tatto artists must be pissed about this guy getting more views then they will in their career.
Perfectly smooth science 20:00
This is the cutest thing ever, I would've kept it as is too! Such a precious memory 😊🧡
is this channel just tom scott tries to figure out a future career path when YouTube fails
hear your own advice tom
I think the only word you could use to sum up this entire video is "lovely." Such positive energy from everyone. Tom you need to go back and do a few more. Once you've built some confidence I think you'll have a new side hustle.
I love the meaning of that tattoo
Everyone in this video just seems so damn lovely. It makes for such comforting viewing, despite the tension when Tom finally does the tattoo.
Next episode: I tried being a dominatrix, it was punishing.
It's so funny seeing Tom Scott saying "Don't try this at home!" knowing very well that so many tattoo artists got their start buying some sketchy rig doing living room tattoos lmao
Tom would be the only person in history who has given someone a tattoo, but who doesn't also have a tattoo
So I went to see a dentist last week and guess who I met there! It was nice meeting you, Tom. Don't worry about that tooth, it stopped hurting, because it felt off.
I'm not a tattoo artist and I only have one small tattoo but hearing Tom call it a gun instead of machine, oh no. Besides that, great video and very interesting
Amazing what you can do with supportive people around you.
toms out here doing everything right and professional while in the meantime my friends and i get drunk and tattoo horrible things on eachother
Anyone else reminded of Gadget Geeks here?
Watching someone get a tattoo where the only person scared is the tattoo artist is hilarious
Some deep voices in this shop..
I like how he has to clarify to not tattoo a cat
I feel like Tom Scott: Tattoo Artist is a solid possibility for a post-YouTube career for Tom. Also, everyone needs someone as supportive as Han in their lives.  Everyone in this video was lovely, but Han's unwavering belief was delightful.
Tom doesn't understand the emotional impact of tattoos. Even a wobbly tattoo done by someone you care about will be cherished. It will mark her time working with him forever as a reminder.
I'd honestly let Tom tattoo some runes on me
Tattoo Scott
What is really important is how he is always checking in with his employee, consent, etc.
how big is toms production team
the wobbliness looks intentional
This was way more wholesome than I could have imagined it to be 😢
1:52
"There's nothing more I can possibly do to prepare for this"  Well, you COULD get a tattoo apprenticeship...
hey Tom! We are reaching an year from the release date of that video of you tasting coffee with james hoffman. Did you get any deeper into it? How is your coffee world exploring doing? :D
"I thought it would be fun to see if Tom could give me one"  There's the quote that will end up on BuzzFeed or more likely these days, on some page of the tabloid press
I would let Tom give me a tattoo after watching this video
Those are the least tattooed tattooists I’ve ever seen
I'd love to see Tom learn how to draw - observation drawings, life drawings, all that fun stuff
sutch a awsom delightful video. That Interaktion with Tom & Han was so wholesome and sympathetic ❤
Next video: "Why I quit Youtube as a full-time job"
Tom should try would try wood burning
calm down its just a tattoo
Has Tom got a tattoo ? If not he needs to get one 😝
What if I've already tried this at home?
Excellent music choice at 13 minutes, that's a bop
I'd wear that exact ink. Well done, Tom.
Tom please make a video about the linotype machine and how it received “updates” much like software receives updates these days!
'this is a joke, do not tattoo neighborhood cats' DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE!!!!!!! 🤣🤣😂
think ur overreacting slightly here (about the danger and medical procedure, it is but not repeating it 9 times) XD i mean bless its fair play it is a permanent thing but i had mates in school who tried to give themselves tattoos with pins biros and a lighter :p didnt go too well
As someone who worked as a nurse in a operating room, I had to take some deepth breaths when they were dealing with hygiene.  So Tom used hand sanitizers off camera and then they all grabbed their gloves which are not sterile. Then they had a talk while Tom touched his shirt and the unsanitized bed. When he was handed the "pen" he looked at his hands and asked if he's "still good" before taking it. And so on...  I mean I've no idea what standards you have to follow in the tattoo business, but I can assure you that's not how it's done in surgery units in German hospitals.
Wow there's some scabby looking people in this video
The wobbly lines don't matter when you think how much of a story this tattoo has to tell
loved this video
E
It’s telling how concerned and nervous Tom is when doing something to someone else as compared to doing something to himself.
Next time, Tom tattoos Han while they both ride a rollercoaster.
Tom you genuinely are awesome. Having seen a bunch of these videos now it's clear that your greatest skill is you determination and adaptability. I'm enjoying Tom Scott Plus so much and I wanted to thank you and your team for bringing this amazing content to us.
I liked this guy until I saw the video of him calling my native langue stupid because it didn’t go along with the woke agenda.
Tom really pushes himself to expand his comfort zone, despite being predisposed to being nervousness and apprehension
Tight jeans     AWOOOOOOOOOGA
I always wondered... is it possible to tattoo yourself? Or does it hurt so much you cant concentrate or you have to use both hands? Or maybe you just can't reach the skin properly?
he just out here doing stuff
9:29 They used to call him "the human CNC" back in school?! :D
Wow, this episode was nerve wrecking! Astonishly well done!
15:32 😘
i've never been this nervous tattooing MYSELF hahah
(exhausted laughing)
It was so charming how enthusiastic and happy they were when Tom did well on that synthetic skin. That made me genuinely happy for Tom like lmao there you go boy, get that praise.
"Your skin is curved".  What a revalation  🤣
I would honestly let tom give me a tattoo! not because it will be perfect, but because I think it would be a fun experience with a memory to keep all my life.
Imagine Tom Scott with a lot of Tattoos :D By the way, did you keep riding the bicycle? I would love to see an update video on that!
The end result is really lovely!
Tom  you gave me anxiety disorder in one video xD Haven't been this stressed out since my college entrance exams
Haha LOVED the "ow!"
Incredible video should’ve been main channel!
All compliments to Tom, but can we take a moment to appreciate Tash and Gaia? Amazing teachers!
Just a shoutout to the person who captioned this video and bothered to color code who was talking ✌
I'm so sadden to learn that you are not a printer. 8:09
haram delete
I am so appreciative of the fact that there was no music before Han laid down and that the editing was neither rushed nor overly dramatized. That made it feel a lot more real and serious than what I’m used from the tele (which is also the reason why I don’t have one for over five years now and don’t miss it a bit)
That was Tom's last video since he realised he's now a professional tattoo artist.
This is turning into the make Tom uncomfortable with some strange scenario Chanel
Are we gonna ignore the unburied face in the background in one shot and then blurred in the next
when are you gonna learn olympic weightlifting, Tom?
Hey Tom, I have this mole that I would like removed.
why did it not occur to me that he has a production team. with all the research, location searching, legal loopholes he needs to jump through, safety waivers, equipment, finding people to talk to, getting equipment that works well in high altitude areas with lots of wind, or low low low altitude areas, finding people who are willing to guide him, research about the history of what he's talking about, find the correct documents and primary and secondary and tertiary sources, finding places that would let him go, and millions of more things that i can't even think about right now. of course he has producers!
Request for future show…Tom learns basic dentistry and does a root canal filling on Han.
"Serial killer writing" had me laughing like a fool.  🤣
Please for the love of all things, and an incredible story, pay a visit to Brent up in Cerro Gordo. Ask him to show you around and maybe explore the mine.
- 10 Sept - Tonight's Special:  The Super Top-Secret  "Tattoo Specialist",   The Star: TOM SCOTT!        (Total Surprise).  The Strangest Thing Seen That Somehow Translates Sanity To Something Totally Stupid. That Said, This Should Take Some Time, Surely, To Study The Strangeness, TOTAL Strangeness. The Story: To See The Story, Take Some Time-Sheets To Study, Then Send The Signed Ticket Stub, Then Selected Time-Sheet, To 7 Top Street  ST72 6TS Total Shite.
if  you want to practice tattooing, just buy pork from a butcher but with the skin on
So cool, I am inspired to try this at home!
excellent instructors ! and now you have backup skill set ;P
To be fair, that tense music probably didn't help his nerves.
Toms fear is making me scared for han, Tom this might be the most stressful vid yet
Oh my gosh how didn’t I know about those channel! More Tom Scott content... yesss! 💗💜
If i was tom’s girlfriend I would’ve been mad
Tbf if you've got a bad tattoo because a friend did it that's just a story so it's fine
I think to be honest, I’d be about fine having Tom performing minor surgery on me. Mostly just knowing that he would be the most nervous yet still the most focused surgeon in the world - though not necessarily the best, hence minor surgery.  But surgery nonetheless.
Impressed by how patient Han is.  I would be like "Draw the damn tattoo, Tom!"
this was so sweet!
For real, everyone at Lost Fox is amazing! If you in London you should 100% check them out
My favorite line in all of that. "Your skin is curved"
My friend who was giving everyone tattoos ( bad ones) when I was 20 ish, gave me the device with a fresh needle to see how it felt on my own skin.   He had ore soaked the needle In blue ink so I got a lovely line in my arm 😂
I mean - who else could say that her companies CEO did an actual tattoo on her body? Which isn't a former slave or bdsm mark?
Wouldn't be a nice idea to have a heavily vibrating usual pen, just to train on paper?
Having employees trusting you THAT much is like the dream of every CEO. Tom reached it...
I think Tom was too worried about it looking like a perfect copy, where as people with tattoos, ( at lest for me ) love the character  and mistakes and flaws in it, as it is part of the story behind it, and makes it one of a kind! Well done! lovely video, and tattoo!
He should try becoming a certified LifeGuard. It would be quite interesting to watch.
Anyone else feel secondhand anxiety from this
This was a great episode. Thank you so much for sharing it all :)
"don't tattoo the neighbourhood cats"  okay, but what about the neighbourhood next to mine?
It's genuinely a good tattoo, damn
It's funny that Tom is more scared of making a mistake than his subject is.
Genuinely terrified
Its genuinely really lovely seeing Tom and Han making sure that each other are Ok regularly throughout.
GMM flashback....!!
Imagine you get a freaking tattoo by your boss
I'm amused by how much more thorough the safety protocols were than in the body slam video.
You made a tattoo, and I'm working on assembling a wooden coaster car with tons of small parts that seem to love to chip all the time.. Two precision processes, 2 very different outcomes, lots of hiccups on the way, but hey, progress :p
I didnt realise you had a full production team all your videos feel really nice like they are done solo
I have 60 er so tattoos. Two came from shops... All the rest were done in living rooms, kitchens, basements, etc.. by friends ...with amazon tattoo guns. :D
Where can I sign up for a Tom Scott original?
Subtitle on screen : bluesy dubstep-rock (as music starts)  Me watching with no audio: say what now?
Tom's gone through the wringer lately. It used to be him looking at nice things, now he's consistently terrified. Don't get me wrong, I'm here for it.
I would let him tattoo me, fair play if youtube ever fails tom has a solid career in tattooing
when you ask your boss to destroy your body and he is like "loik wot, wif a tattoo?? brilliant oidea"
I want to get a small flower tattoo (probably even small than hers). Didn't know it was this fast to make a small tattoo.
It's far from a perfect tattoo but it can be assumed that Han was okay with that from the start. Nothing wrong with some wobbly lines, life itself is a wobbly line :)
This is interesting to me because Good Mythical Morning, a channel I follow and watch religiously, recently did something very similar where they tattooed subscribers having never done it before. But what they skipped was the hours of practice, having someone they very much trust, and constant checking in without pressure that it would be okay. This was a much, much better take on the "inexperienced person does a tattoo", and I really appreciated all of it.
The inkjet printer joke at 21:37 killed me 🤣
I adore the positive vibes of this! <3
Will Scott get more wild than this? I really don't know. Maybe not? This is crazy and what a cool video idea. Such a story with this tattoo
Next video: I produced an actual nuke
I have a friend that's super into tattoos, and I'm thatperson that's like "alright you can practice on me why don't you try x?" Geuinely, that tat that Tom gave Han looks like the one my friend gave me after over a year of practising on himself, my fiance, and I. He did wonderfully and I'm glad Han is happy to have their 100% tom scott original tattoo!
Bold no-nonsense Sandi Toksvig vibes from Han!
These two are a credit to their industry. Love the patience and positivity ❤️
He should've done that with an old fashioned maschine. Tom against the noise. Soo good.
love him constantly saying dont do this a home when there's a high chance the two tattooist started just doing it on their selves at home,  tattooing isnt so hard, keep things clean and use the right stuff and you are fine hardest part is cleaning and when you start doing shade works otherwise its just line tracing.
I said this before and I'll say it again, I love Tom scott plus videos so much! It's almost always Tom doing something he's never done before, getting instructed by these absolutely wonderful people, and there's always a bit of a struggle, a bit of chaos, a bit of entertainment going on but in the end it's always a wholesome experience ending on an overall positive note. It's like a bitesized 30 Minute hero's journey every time, with a charming protagonist who overcomes some struggles helped by ppl along the way to get to the goal of a good ending!
You should look into stick and poke tattoos too
..."your skin is curved!" tom scott dating school lesson one
@smartereveryday get some skin in the game
OMG such a wholesome nice team, great video as always
I kinda want a Tom tat now
One more step to becoming a "Jack of all trades, and a master of none". Plus you don't always want a perfect tatoo, minor imperfections give it more of a story.
What an incredibly meaningful tattoo 😊
Is this prep for when you go to jail. You have a video of you flying a kite in a public place after all. Its only a matter of time
Can't keep thinking of Steve-o tatooing in the back of a rally car during jackass.
20:23
Tom taking a stab at inkjet printers mid-tattoo is the best.
Tom really is just doing all the side quests isn't he?
So "Tom Scott Tattoos" channel when?
Tash and Gaia are an amazing pair of teachers - precise in their explanations, held back what he did not need to know, and were so genuinely supportive and encouraging. I was more into watching them teach than I was into Tom's journey.
I have so many friends with significantly worse stick-n-pokes, this honestly looks great!
This is the beginning of Tom’s harem story arc.
Yummy food for algorithm ;-)
I have a tattoo of a spilled carton of milk on my wrist that's just a bit crusty and blow-outy, ugly tattoos are the best
nice tattooing, tom. don't like tattoos myself, but i understand how cool they can be.
damn that seems terrifying
Incredible viewing.
Tom was feeling like was doing an open heart surgery xD
I'm sorry am I the only one who thinks it's uneven and way too squiggly?
Tash looks so much like Carey Mulligan at certain moments
Next time, Tom joins a Biker gang and starts doing whole back tattoos and massive skulls...
Tom Scott; consistently being a lot better at new things than what he gives himself credit for
"A good idea to see if Tom could give me one as well ", oh dear ,🙄🙄😇
My mate is a really good tattoo artist, but his tattoos on his feet from when he was teaching himself tattoo are absolutely atrocious compared to Tom’s.
"if any of us are uncomfortable at any time we won't do this" we all know you are uncomfortable with doing this
5 O'Clock shadow in all the wrong places!
I like how far Toms channel(s) has come over the decade. He has gone from trying to cover mildly interesting topics to doing some really awesome things pushing himself and his content to newer, and better. He always meets a challenge with very British skepticism but an authentic enthusiasm.
What a great video, Love to see Toms reactions, I'd probably feel the exact same in his situation
For my daughters 12th birthday our tattoo friend taught her how to make tattoos and got a chance to put a caterpillar on my arm and a butterfly on her mom.
tom scott discovers the thrill that thousands of teenagers giving each other stick n pokes discover daily
I have tattoos on my skin and this video made me appreciate the work tattoo artists do and how hard it is to "just" draw on skin
This is the best channel.
Tom would make a great ignorant artist
The producer should tattoo Tom in return
"I cannot repeat this enough, do NOT do this at home" People who weren't going to do it anyway: sure People who WERE going to do it anyway:  _suuure_
Next idea for a video: I tried working as a tiger trainer after one hour of training.
Awesome
"What did you do yesterday?" "My boss drew a flower on me with a tattoo gun." "......." "It was fun! :D"
The next step is for Tom to get a tattoo
Tattoos went from being a symbol on nonconformity to be emblematic of conformity. I've always held David Beckham responsible.
are you just watching @goodmythicalmorning for ideas ???? they did this a week ago
Wow tattooed people are ugly af.
Would LOVE a heart rate monitor for things like this, and the rollercoasters, anything stressful would be awesome to see your heart rate!
next up, tom scott sticking iv, and drawing blood
i love watching everyone around Tom having full faith and trust in him while he's anxious and concerned. The trust so many people always have in him is awesome
I’d 100% let you tattoo me
I seriously felt his anxiety while watching this! I was getting anxious as well! :D Well done, Tom!
Next week: I did graffiti with Banksy.
To be frank, I would be honored to get a tattoo from Tom
Can I make a suggestion for Tom to try welding if he hasn't already? Maybe challenging him to make a small sculpture from scrap, selling for a charity even
Tom seems so terrified that I almost expect him to get an aneurysm while doing the tattoo 😬
Time for a third channel - Tom Scott Tattoo Shop
I remember being told that in traditional Islamic art artists would often make purposeful small mistakes to demonstrate that they are only human and cannot match the perfection of God. So think of the imperfections in the tattoo you drew as that
So when will Tom's Tattoos be opening?
i wish i could get my boss to pay for me to get a tattoo
This was one of my favorites so far of "Tom Scott learning something new".  I'm never planning on getting a tattoo, not my style. But it was amazing to watch you learn something so new and understandably nerve-wracking, but come out so well. And the relief when everything went well, and all the planning and practice worked out? So good! Keep it up, keep learning more things, keep challenging yourself, and we'll all try to do the same.
4 months later: "I used laser surgery to remove my producer's tattoo"
Who are you if you're getting a tattoo by your boss: a) prison minion or b) Tom Scott's producer?
I swear, your producer knows what you need, and loves you/is selfless enough to want to give that to you. Edit: 3:46 She's great at explaining, what a visceral tutorial.. By the way Tom, I really empathize with you, but consider that ever single wobble in there is a memory they signed up for - one they were probably expecting to cherish..
Tom is absolutely blessed to be surrounded by such wonderful folk!
So, every tattoo has its story, better keep it like that. And here’s the example for that statement 👌 Spot on, Tom! Bravo!
Tash Cosmos is the best! So great to see her giving the advice in this vid.
Anyone else would really love a Tom Scott tattoo?
This felt like the cookie moment from squid games, except Tom didn't lick Han
Lost Fox is the best!!! Tash gave me a cowboy fox on my arm and I love him 🦊
damn, I was so nervous with you, Tom :D
Next video perform surgery on a producer
Great video!
When is the Tom popup shop coming?
Such a nerve wracking video!!!
I got mad respect for Tom for being scared out of his mind but doing it and doing a lovely job with zero experience. Also, mad respect to Han, Tash, and Gaia, that's a big risk letting some random bloke from YouTube come into your world, but I love how Tom shows the skill involved in doing something like that.
The song choice is perfect. 👏👏
Fun fact: that printer is an off-the-shelf Epson EcoTank printer. It has ink reservoirs rather than cartridges so you can actually fill them with anything is you don't mind voiding your warranty. Stencil ink is a great use case!
Never trust a tattooist that hasn't got one they've done themselves!
I want a Tom Scott to tattoo me now
I mean, I'd let Tom Scott give me a tattoo.  Great video as always :)
that's an autograph noone can ever get. truly one of a kind. just imaging being able to tell people at a party or something that you got a tattoo from tom scott, if that's not a conversation starter, idk what else would be
Well Tom, for a total novice you did brilliantly
Next video: "I amputated my cameraman's infected limb."
Respect to both Tom and Han. It could have gone horribly wrong - but it didn't. Tom continues to amaze at the range of things he tries....and does well at them all, in an entertaining and very watchable way.
The symbols & ideologies you believe in now may not be the same ones you like in 10 years when you have learned more. Think carefully before getting a tattoo!
in moments like these you can tell that tom was NOT in the social circles where people would give eachother stick n pokes in their dorm rooms
This might be the best YouTube video I've ever seen. I've never felt ups and downs like this before
Next time: Tom Scott gets a tattoo?? (jk)
I've never been as invested about a tattoo video than this one. Well done! Everything looks great
Tash and Gaia are incredible at positive reinforcement
Personally I like that it's not 100% perfect. It goves it a uniqueness. The fact it was done by a mate and the story makes it awesome.
23:50 "I just need to make a small circle." ... "Well, that is a square."
A BTS video of all the legal stuff would be really interesting
I wish Tom would be more confident. Own it before you start.
Tom is going to turn into an adrenaline junky, I love it.
Proper professional work all round
1:42 It's really sad that a disclaimer like this is necessary.. but that's the internet for you ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
tom is adorable in this! did amazing too !
Honestly Tom should just not look at it for a weeek and then look again.
Tash and Gaia balance eachother out so well! Tash being all cheerleader, and Gaia more strict but also supportive. Great teachers!
i think someone deserves a raise now
the tom does stuff channel is such a great idea
I want a tattoo by Tom as well!
Not a fan of visible tattoos, destruction of feminine beauty.
Not into tattoos at all personally but loved this video, so positive, encouraging, and love how much trust Han has in Tom. Very sweet
Dunno if you take suggestions for this channel Tom, but ...  Conducting an orchestra?  Feel like that would be a fun one for you to learn and then demonstrate with a real, full orchestra in front of an audience.
That skin was taking the ink like 👌  I’m used to tattooing people with difficult skin (very elastic or very thin or just… not taking ink) and I’m glad that Tom got an easy one.
Next video: My producer gave me an actuall tattoo.
This video has so much tension in it
I want a Tom Scott tattoo now.
tom diversifies his CV for if youtube collapses
I only have one (silly) question: Is Han solo?
Next time: Tom gives a surgery
Apart from the obviously awesome content of Tom's videos, I just love the overarching theme of consent, respect, emotional support, encouragement, and respecting boundaries in each and every one of them. No matter if it's caving, learning to ride a bike, phobia of rollercoasters, tattooing - not a single video of Tom's feels like he or anyone else is put in uncomfortable situations for the purpose of sensationalism or a "prank" to which the punchline is "haha, they thought they were in danger and were afraid". And I think the consistency of that safe atmosphere is truly remarkable.
Sorry, Tom, but as much as I like your videos, this one is an instant nope for me.
I understand that "part of the footage shoved in front of the intro for an emotional opening" is a very common tv trope but I'm not sure if it suits you
In this week's episode of Tom Scott excels at something he's never done before...
It's one thing to get a tattoo from a mate, but to have it in such a visual spot... absolute gold
Why was this on Tom Scott plus tho
I'm scared to watch this right now so I'll come back later
I'll be your second canvas
Tom is such a wonderful human being. And here, everyone was. Like I watched a 20+ minutes video where everyone was just happy and supportive and positive. Big big big congrats on Lost Fox Tattoo everyone there looked amazing, thank you Han for such an amazing content and video and just Thanks everyone I have a large smile on my face because you are all great.
Ha, when Tom was practicing on the synthetic skin I was thinking "shouldn't he try some on a curved surface?". Never been into tattoos myself but this was great fun, keep up the good work!
next time, operate on someone
Next I want to see Tom do open heart surgery.
I now have started looking forward to videos in this channel more than any other.  The ideas and the execution is amazing.
Oh it looks lovely. Great vid as always!
Why are you not wearing a mask?
Next at EMF2024, Be tattooed by Tom Scott.
I have a hard enough time following a line on a tablet with control z
"Do not try this at home" *remembers that i have to go over my chair tattoo again*
Now Tom needs to learn how to do traditional Moko with a stone chisel.
I wanna see tom commit a crime and then go to prison
There's always been a relationship with tattooing and bartending but I think the tricks to keeping a steady hand is congruous with both!
next: I preformed open heart surgery on my cameraman.
I'm not sure I could ever be the person a tattoo artist practices on. I know people who have been practice dummies, and I respect that, but I'm too much of a perfectionist!
So umm, I bought a tattoo gun, what was step 1 again?
I love your videos Tom, keep it UP!
This channel is a treasure tbh. One week Tom is getting over a phobia of roller coasters, the next he's tattooing someone.
now you wish you had the tattoo printer working from gadget geeks with colin furze
I didn't think I could hold my breath for 10 minutes.
once again this channel proves that it is probably the most unpredictable channel on youtube
It probably would have been less stressful for Tom if they didn't have dramatic music playing while he did it.
I love the wobbles, it's so charming!!
I was nervous for you. I could see how nervous you were and I'm sitting here not actually doing anything and I can feel my blood pressure going up. Good on you both for being brave enough to go through with it. I don't think I could have done either bit.
I swear this channel is peak mid-life crisis content
Makes me appreciate the skill and effort that goes into making a professional high quality tattoo
I know you 're not supposed to say this but that looks horrible. I know that's kind of the charm of it but... just being honest HAHAHA. Maybe I shouldn't say horrible; it looks... organic.
It went well - but was anyone else constantly yelling at the screen telling Tom to "Slow Down!" ?
Unless you are a person who has tattooing as part of your cultural heritage then you look like a Biker, Sailor or Prisoner. Looser. Girls that butterfly will become a moth, it is for people who do not like themselves, but get them if you want, colour is a warning to others. Inject some drugs into someone next, it will be good content especially if they OD
I love this! You always step out of your comfort zone but you were surprisingly a duck to water with this one. You were under great care and encouragement. Can't wait to see Tom's Ink Spot opening up in the next few years!
This is the most confident Tom has EVER been going into something new on this channel so far. Dude. Nice.
In America you don't need a license or a permit. You can tat anyone you want any time you want
That was very wholesome.
i actually think the squiggle in the lines is adorable and charming, i wouldnt WANT ink-jet printed for something like this.
Next month: Tom Scott does open heart surgery
Tom is so anxious, I'm more worried for him than anyone else.
I hope to see Tom's art style growing and maybe, somewhere down the line, we'll see original Tom Scott irezumi designs on the back of future Yakuza characters.
Tom always puts only himself on the line for this channel but this time was different, that's why the pressure seemed as high as being on fire. Good tat, Tom, it looks like a prison tattoo but in good way. Simple and a great story (plus there's footage of it happening!)
Oh no he called it a gun
So sad that they have to put a notice saying not to tattoo neighborhood cats on what any sane person knows is a joke. This damn world in which we now live...
I want a serial killer Tom tattoo
People choose to permanently paint their body with RANDOM TRASH!!! "Oh, just give me a little flower, or a skull, or a word in Japanese, or a stupid design, or something generic."  I can understand why people would get a tattoo of something extremely meaningful, but why do people treat their limited skin like a canvas that you use to practice drawing?
I was holding my breath.
I think this may be my favorite Tom Scott Plus you've done so far. Just as lovely as any other spectacle you've done
Why do brits talk like that? Can they not talk normally?
I still hold the opinion that it's stupid and ugly to get tattoos.
only Tom Scott could make a second channel that (imo) is better than his main channel
Tom: Don't try this! Me: *already asking my tattoo artist friend to teach me how to tattoo*
next: tom scott gives his producer an industrial piercing
Tom’s finished the main story, and is now completing the side quests.
Well done Tom. 😀👍 Maybe you can do a tattoo on me?
That's awesome!
Tom! I volunteer myself as your second tattoo!
they seem like very encouraging teachers and we need more of them in life
What we are learning here is that Tom is surprisingly good at a lot of stuff he has never done.
I love the idea of having a simple tattoo that was done by a good friend. Any imperfections would just make it more special.
So how do we go get a Tomtoo?
I bought a tattoo machine while watching this... You told me not to try this at home, but I definitely am... Nah...
"It's just sunk in for me that this is a medical treatment device."   Next episode:  Tom tries open heart surgery.
I don’t know what your budget restraints are, but I think it would be awesome if Tom went to Norway and learned how to bind books by hand from Martina of Nerdforge.
I need another tattoo so badly and the universe keeps reminding me of this fact.
I hate needles, I was all shaky before they even turned on the machine. But since it’s a Tom Scott video I knew I just had to watch all the way until the end.
The story of a tattoo, makes it a good one!
Guys don't tattoo your neighborhood cats
Super offensive to call them tattoo "guns", they are tattoo machines
Next on Tom Scott Plus: Open Heart Surgery (Don't try this a home, but away from home is OK!)
there is perfection in imperfection, 'wabi sabi'
What's the nut on his glove for?
love that Tom doesnt notice his producer's just down with a Tom Scott Tattoo, imperfections make it unique - "Wabi Sabi"
The supportive collaboration in this video has made my week. I love everything about this.
I love that Tom really concentrates on learning things when he tries to do them.  I know why Han felt confident.
Tom never ceases to amaze going outside his comfort zone.
I wouldn’t be surprised if the next video was: My cameraman got into a car accident, so I performed neurosurgery on him!
Please stop using alternative camera angles when the person is speaking. This is a YouTube video; he's speaking to the audience and should be looking at us. Otherwise it feels like we're peeking out of a closet or something. Second angles are fine when the viewer is just an observer but it's just creepy when we're being directly addressed. Also, y'all might be horrified to know about all the ex-cons in the US running cheap tattoo shops out of their garages. I know I am. So gross.
Tom should get a tattoo himself
Well now I want another tattoo...
The fact that they create a design on an ipad (or similar), print a stencil, place it on the body, and then go and check it in a mirror, makes it all the more disturbing that people end up with tattoos of "No Ragrettes" 😂
Tom's left his mark on a lot of channels, and now he gets to leave his mark on his producer.  I bet Paul Gannon would be having a whale of a time underneath Tom's needle. Speaking of which, I wonder how long it'll take for the inevitable Tom Scott/Cheap Show crossover?
Can’t believe he didn’t tattoo himself.
Tom: Don’t do this at home! Teens at home everywhere for decades:  Um, suuurrrre…
Glad you are doing stuff like this, the regular channel wasn't enough.
this isn't dissimilar to dremel tool plexiglass carving
Tash and Gaia are great teachers
Yoooo is it me or tom looking like a hentai protagonist rn lmao
Han has such lovely energy about her.
And now we guess what video they were filming in the end.
Don't don't try this
My thoughts through this whole vid were huh maybe I shouldn't have been doing this with a sewing needle when I was 13... Oops
I think it would be very profitable to have a tattoo parlor where you get tattoos for less but in exchange you have absolute rookies poking you with a needle and you listen to them saying things like, "I just got ink in that punctured vein" or "they didn't prepare me for this at school". I would pay for that, at least.
Next up: i give a viewer an open heart surgery.
Tattoos are stupid. Especially the dumb ones that young people get. They think their life is "right now" when in fact your life is in the future.
Is the buzzing filtered out? It near silent. Its weird.
Every time I see an upload from this channel, I'm amazed. Tom, you are such an inspiration.
Damn your producer is THICC
I love Han's science based comfidence. Because of frequencies!
It never ceases to amaze me when Tom make things so much scarier like  "This is effectively a medical treatment machine"  Like i tattoed my own arm when i was 16 and all i thought was funny tingling sensation.
That's a lovely one! It is a little wobbly, but that's just character and it tells a story! ❤️
Such a g 🔥❤️
I absolutely love these, Its very genuine to see they're reactions as he improved and practicing, Tom did it again!! Amazing vid😃
"I realize how dorky this looks," he says while learning tattooing in a musical montage. Okay Tom, whatever you say.
Tom, you are one of the loveliest, funniest and best human beings walking on this earth! Thank you for this funny video ♥️☺️
bluesy dubstep rock
Did everyone else stop breathing at 20:56 too?
I mean he did a lot better than I’d do I think
i wonder if anyone has accidentally tattoed their finger as they were giving a tattoo
I love that Tom had the same methodical approach to this as with all the other videos on this channel. It was a VERY unexpected subject matter but I enjoyed this one so much, well done Tom!
Not often the artist is more nervous than the subject 😂 also these two were great! I feel they could talk me through complex economics and Id get it, great teachers
Anybody remember the mechanical tattoo machine from gadget geeks.
I think Tom is sort of missing the point of the tattoo here.  Obviously it's important that it isn't a complete disaster, but clearly the appeal to the tattoo is the story behind how he was the one who made it.  The imperfections are part of that story.  The bar he had to reach for quality was probably nowhere near what he thought it was.
I love how Tom has a checklist for every new activity like someone's asked him to test fire a nuclear missile
I like how the tattoo is consistently squiggly, so it looks like a stylistic choice..... Congrats Tom, you've got a style
What excellent teachers!! And once again well done Tom for having the guts to give it a go! Thanks Han for having such a great idea, that's one special piece of ink you have <3
Tom needs to start branding his employees with matching flowers for channel unity
Tom I love every one of these videos. That being said, this one by far has been my favorite because of the lovely emotion by everybody involved. The genuine excitement for Han to get the tattoo, the elation from you when you realized that everything worked right, and the elation at the final product. I'm literally sitting here with happy tears in my eyes. Brilliant job and now I want another tattoo.
Gia seems very in the know. I'd be very comfortable having you tattoo me with her guidance. Big fan. 👍👍👍
It's funny that you released this the day I sat in a tattoo chair for 4 hours XD Great work
Ngl I was genuinely expecting Tom to either be sick or say that he was about to be sick there at the end. That was like the personification of horrified relief.
Did you do this before or after visiting the zone of death?
I love how Tom is the one scared..... I feel like that would be me, if I were in his shoes.
you dont need to do "legal and insurance and permitting stuff".... to give some one a tattoo.... how stupid can you be?....thats a bunch of wasteful nonsense...... just do it.....the only person who you need permission from, is the person getting tattooed........
Please lord, let me see Tom Scott tries DJing a packed nightclub next
Tbh if you’re already in on the idea on your novice friend trying to give you a tattoo it would probably be part of the charm if it was a little wonky but it turned out great anyway so it doesn’t matter
Tash is actually stunning!
Looking forward to see all the newly tattooed neightbourhood cats now!
Tom must be an alien, no earthling would be able to do everything he tries as well as Tom does. Admit it Tom, is your plan to eventually take over the world?
Don't think I've ever seen Tom so nervous! I get it though
I'm not a fan of tattoos on myself personally but I think that looks fine and if you're going to get something tattoo'd on you then I think meaning is most important thing and this tattoo by a good friend of yours could make this small tattoo more significant than the average.
* Do not tattoo local cats. Only out of town ones *
To be fair, even if the tattoo doesn't look good the memory it holds does.. somewhere..
This has the same energy as "to show you the power of flex tape.."
Wow, just to think.. shes gonna get a TON of money on eBay for that one! Just need to figure out how to get that bit of skin off....
Tom, the more you tell me not to try this at home the more I want to do it.
This was so adorable, well done Tom!
need a tom scott and try guys collab
I've just come home from a tattoo con (HCA INK, Denmark) and this is just the perfect video to watch!!
Should have done all 8 lines perpendicular to each other. I know an expert who could help you out.
Tom was so nervous to do this tattoo on her real skin.  The look on his face
when a friend tattoos you, the little imperfections are what makes it cool and unique .
It says a whole lot about you, Tom, as a person and a leader, that someone would trust this to you.  What a fun and awesome video, as always!
Love how Tom was going to go on a printer rant then decided he needed to focus 21:40
This was wholesome and nerve-wracking at the same time 🥴 Thanks for a wonderful video, Tom & Team!
I think this is the most nervous I've ever been watching a Tom Scott video. Great vid though! Really enjoyed it!
why is everyone in this video a lesbian. tom, is there something you need to tell us?
Tom's second incident with dubious tattoos
tom is a serial killer
love it, tom!
Imagine someone saying "So my boss gave me a tattoo..." When your boss is not a tattoo artist, that's quite a workplace story.
Not even halfway through the tattoo and Tom's got *me* nervous as hell.
aww
In a few months: Tom performs an appendectomy
I like that he switched to calling it a machine over a gun, that's a complaint I've heard from a lot of tattoo folks
WHY DOES TOM ALWAYS HANG OUT WITH THE QUEEREST LOOKING PEOPLE I LOVE THIS
Tattoos from friends, as imperfect as they may seem, are the best! Maybe the only one.. but that is personal preference ^^
“If anyone here is uncomfortable at any point, we won’t be doing this.” Already, seeing the video was 27 minutes long, I knew Tom was a liar. 🙂
"if anyone's uncomfortable we won't be doing this"  Tom: deeply uncomfortable the entire time
Trust fall - Tom Scott Edition
6:39 they didnt explain what the Vaseline was for (or maybe i didn't catch it)
Tom has come a long way from making a tattoo machine on gadget geeks
You did what!
The more responsible version of Shmoxd’s recent video
I love that when Tom spends a whole day training to tattoo his own producer who already has multiple tattoos, it's dramatic and serious, but when Rhett and Link spend maybe 20 minutes each training for two untattooed strangers, it's the funniest and most lighthearted thing
As someone with a fair amount of tattoos, after watching this I can say that I'd be happy to let tom do a simple design on me
This was such a cool supportive environment. Tash and Gaia were great teachers and major props to Han for not only signing up for this but doing a great job at reassuring Tom. Definitely a sweet keepsake to her and Tom's friendship.
As someone who's spent over 100 hours in a tattooers chair, I have mad respect for tattooers.
Unironically, that's a good tattoo. Perfect imperfections!
21:43 cheeky
This hole channel is just about making Tom into the greatest Jack of all trades. Eventually he is gonna be going into space and performing surgery.
15:32 til 15:49 that was some awesome camera/editing work
So wanted to hear "oops" halfway through!
This is a really minute detail, but including pronouns in the description is just wonderful of you! It really is a thing that should be normalised, and seeing it on this channel is like a very subtle "we got you, we're on the same side of this".
Tash and Gaia were absolute gems!! Tom, I think you have a fall back career in case your tight roping or bike riding don't pan out.
"The movement comes from the elbow" Sounds very similar to cake decoration. I would not be surprised if tattoo artists and cake decorators would get along very well.
This was such a lovely and wholesome video. I loved seeing how supportive and helpful everyone was–not just Tash and Gaia, but Han too. Well done, Tom.
Han seems like such a joyful person! Great video!
Ah tattoos…the indelible mark of stupidity.
i thought tattoos take like 6 hours to do
Every single video, "don't try this" procedes to try it.
Please don't tattoo yourself. It's ugly and makes you look like an ex-convict.
Dude!! It's a tattoo made by tom Scott!!
I get war paints. I get mascara. I get masks and concealment. I get certain touch ups after skin trauma.  But i never got the point of tattoos, they are always ugly no matter the motif. And that is regardless of who filled it in.  And it only gets worse if done by amateurs. But each to their own i guess.
Well done mate 👍🇦🇺
im so glad you started this channel, love it
These girls are great teachers
Bet Tom Scott has an insane resume!
The “wiggliness” of the lines makes it look a lot cooler imo
13:43 "not bad"
This looks fun, think I'll give this a try at home.
I'm waiting for the inevitable TS+ video called "I killed a dragon and saved Europe"
I'm just so blown away and excited at how much Tom is practicing active, informed consent before tattooing Han. Not that I expected anything less of Tom, but he's so conscientious & careful to make sure she's fully informed & aware of what he feels comfortable with doing, where his skill level is, what he can do, what he can't do, and to make sure she feels comfortable, safe, and actively consents to all of it. Plus he's giving her constant feedback while he tattoos her. Kudos!
I love the more behind the scenes feel of this one, you can tell Tom's crew all loved making this episode like it's so sweet :)
Legit! Tom you're a champion
I want "you are not an ink jet printer" tattooed as a life quote 😅😅
Imagine being Tom Scott and looking back on the last 10 years. What a ride 🙏
what's the music at 9:05? it's great
:)
Tonight on BBC: Serial killer on the lose that tattoos flowers to their victims’ arms
Honestly its really inspirational to seem Tom Scott outside of his comfort zone, and doing great.
what the
next video ... scott inside prison...trying to survive by being tatto artist
Another reason added to why Tom is a badass 😎
That does look really cute, in its wobbliness -- really lovely! Well done, Tom, congratulations. And respect for trying (not sure, I would have the guts).
I think your biggest advantage in life is your ability to do something for you to do all these things with people GLARING OVER YOUR SHOULDER AT EVERY DAMNED MOVE - this is anxiety lol
Tom you are honestly really good.
Never having had a tattoo, how much does it hurt (say on a 1 to 10 scale)?
tom scott plus is the best thing to happen to tommy
19:56
We've had Tom writing off his weekends as business expenses, now we have Han writing off her next tattoo
Tom's thumbnail expression is viscerally terrifying.
I read recently that the EU has banned some tattooing colours over potential cancer risks.
He's got some wonky handwriting, but I sure hope my autograph is a bit less intense than this one.
the tatoo actually looks good ;) you guys had a very nice journey there, im certain. Han can now say "hey i have a tatoo of Tom Scott" ...and it's actually done by Tom in person, lovely.
I cant wait for Tom to try out the worlds longest bungee jump next!!
Watching this just reminded me how shite tattoos look on people.
I don't know why, but I'm so stressed watching this!
this was a really cool video, really reassures me that I want to get tattoos
Oooh. £40 for a “professional kit” on Amazon.
There's a lot of similar technique to welding here. Maybe Tom can try welding in the future?
Brilliant. I couldn’t it as good
Nailed it 😉
We can all say that is the greatest  and best Tom Scott Flower tattoo ever, loved it ❤️
You were so attentive and careful! And did a super job Tom! I'd let you tattoo me!
were you outside st georges hall in liverpool, uk during your end of video chat?
Psychopath bosses brand their employees... You should sign your work like any good serial killer would! 😁
Definitely feel like this channel is going to evolve into very typical things people do every day, such as tattooing people which is done by hundreds of people doing it to hundreds of people every day. Eventually Tom will be helping someone dig a ditch and be nervous about it. I think thats what really pulls me in is Tom's nervousness about what he is doing, not what he is doing, but that he is nervously doing it. Tom Scott will be the Mike Rowe of nervously doing odd things.
Now Tom Scott vapes and tattoos people- what happened?
2:03 All I hear is Wren yelling "the pores stretch"
I got a tattoo apprenticeship ad for this lmfao
sweet
That was crazy suspenseful, well done!!
Can‘t watch it. His hands ARE shaky.
Now Tom has temporary PTSD. Post Tattoo Stress Disorder.
it's so fun watching Tom grow up
You can hear one of them try to give Tom a good scare by saying "Ow" 7:06
Misread that as produce and was wondering how one tattoos fruit and veg  😂
I will summarize this video.  Tom: “Do not try this at home.  Do you consent to a tattoo? Do you think I can safely tattoo? Do you still consent to a tattoo? Do not try this at home.  Am I able to tattoo well enough to do this? Do you still consent to a tattoo? Do you think I am ready to tattoo?  Do not try this at home.  Are you sure you consent to a tattoo? Do you consent to consenting to a tattoo?”  Does tattoo!
You know, steve-o from Jackass does Tattoos on random celebrities who like to do interesting things, i think you fit that bill perfectly. It would be great if you let steve-o tattoo you and then you tattoo steve-o in return
wow that healed really nicely
i think that the tattoo would not feel as special to Han if Tom was inkjet printer perfect.
Tom really out here doing every side quest to over level before the main quest.
I'm so proud of you Tom. It's so hard to go out of your comfort zone and to see you bravely doing something you're clearly nervous about gives me courage to do new things, myself  *edited to add that I LOVE the fact that it wasn't touched up. To have those slightly squiggly lines is a great reminder of the experience and makes it so much more personal. I'm legitimately tearing up typing this because I can imagine me and my friends having such a fun experience
Honestly if I ever need to explain to consent to anyone I'm just going to link this video
I would definitely get a tattoo from tom just for the experience, its like getting an autograph but as art.
This is the content we love!
tattoos are clapped imo
I can't wait for Tom to deliver a baby next.
Lets look at it this way, since it is such a basic design the shaky and squiggly lines add charm and personality to the tattoo which as a result makes it look better compared to just perfect lines
it just dawned on me that some very new students to tattoo'ing are watching this annoyed at how decent his progree was
Tom getting out of his comfort zone, again.  Very fun to watch.
as an empath, I sense slight nervousness coming from Tom
15:32: “aaand no pressure” *cue the most intense music that has ever been in any Tom Scott video ever*
i love this series because it’s those things that you think “wow i wish i could try that, just once” and that’s exactly what tom does
Tom Scott pivots and starts a life as a tattoo artist
This is actually such an incredible way to remember someone by. Instead of getting a tattoo that reminds you of someone, having someone’s actual hand put a tattoo on you is incredible. Not that I would trust any of my non tattoo artist friends to give me one hahah
Maybe they did it but didn't show, but I'm a little surprised that they didn't have Tom run a clean needle over part of his arm or leg to get a feel for how deep to go and such.
Tom is living the life we wish we all could. I'm jealous.
I never thought I would see Tom Scott tattoo someone.... and I guess that's the whole point of this channel
should have gotten one yourself while you had the chance,  matching  flower tattoos on the arm  there
Tash is so supportive it's amazing to watch.
The fact that tom had to state "this is a joke don't tattoo neighborhood cats" had me dying XDD
This is awesome I enjoy seeing someone try something new that they have had little to no previous experience in. It just proves that you can learn anything with the willingness to do so and a good teacher!
VERY Brave man Tom!! well done you killed it with that much practice awesome job.
Fun fact; I once knew a tattooist who had to lock up her tattoo gear and give her partner her key whenever she went out drinking, because once she got drunk and tried to tattoo a large penguin on her leg and it looked absolutely awful.
It's surprising how tense this feels despite it being relatively low risk. From everything I've seen Tom is a cautious enough person that I don't see it going poorly, there are also trained professionals standing over his shoulder, and at the absolute worst Han ends up with a slightly wobbly tattoo that has a fun story attached to it.
That other chick sounds like a dude 🤔
I think somethings like a tattoo between two mates like in Tom's case with Han, i think the imperfections give it much more sentimentality to it
Wow That shot from 15:45 to 15:48 That's gorgeous
I must confirm on every video. This is still my favourite channel on YouTube.
Shoutout to your team for going through the rigamarole of doing this the right way, and shoutout to Han for going through with it (even though it hurt Tom more than Han, I think)! Also, if y'all send me Tom's practice skins, I'll turn them into a bound journal to commemorate this lovely exchange of skills and art.
Tom you should get a tattoo as well!!
The girls at Lost Fox tattoo seem very competent and great fun. Wish I loved closer so I could get my next one off them.
I was hoping Tom would tattoo himself. I've done it when I was drunk and I must say, for me being drunk and tattooing myself, it turned out nicer then one would expect a drunk person tattooing themselves would look like, but it could've been a lot better if I paid someone to do it.
Wtf was I the only one that got an ad that knew I was about to watch a Tom Scott video? How does that even work and what are the chances?
I would never tattoo my friend because then I would be asking to see it every time I saw them.
Awesome video Tom
I am currently unsure what to do with my life, and I'm actually considering becoming a Tattooist now, thanks! :D
This just made me think, at what point will we have tattoo machine with advanced sensors that you strap on, load a design and press start, like a cnc machine
"You're not a printer!" Remember when Tom made a tattoo printer on gadget geeks?
its not a mistake, its a characteristic
Big props to Tom Xx I’d genuinely never be able to tattoo someone I knew after only a few hours x
So is Han going to tattoo you next Tom?
i love that so much of this video is everyone in the room saying 'its ok tom'
I expected this channel to eventually involve you *getting* a tat, not *giving* one. Very impressed.
I was hoping Tom would give her a "Bayeux Tapestry" Tramp Stamp. Disappointed. :(
Strangely compelling. Like playing a buzz wire game or watching an episode of Danger UXB.
It feels like setting into Toms Head "You can do this safely, and it can be fixed." is an important step.  Then it becomes a matter of "How little 'Fixing' does it require" instead of "How badly will this turn out".
I loved this video so much!
Next video:im doing a laser tattoo removal
Even if it does look bad, its done by a friend and it has history and meaning to it. Which what I think tattoos are all about personally.
That tatoo is adorable <3 good job, Tom. Genuinely jealous, wish I had a friend that could do that flower on my skin even half as good as you did yours
This was my favorite episode so far. I can understand Tom's nervousness so well, after recently starting driving lessons. The ladies of Lost fox tattoos were amazing instructors and the wholesome ending wrapped everything up so nicely
Tom is such an inspiration. And this might have finally pushed me past the discomfort to get my first tattoo. Phew.
The music in this video is perfect. Tom as always keep up the good work.
Thank you for inspiring me Tom I will now tattoo my neighbour's cat
21:42 i love how he tried to make a joke about how crappy inkjet printers are but just gave up halfway through
God I was having just the *worst* night. Worst night of my life I think. Not gonna say this fixed it, but it sure put a giant grin on my face when I thought that wasn't possible.
Tom giving Han a tattoo is as close as we'll ever get to Tom getting a tattoo himself. (unless he already has a tattoo I'm not aware of)
You can do ANYTHING if you put your mind to it
This is source material for _Would I Lie To You?_, circa 2035. "The is Han, and she let me tattoo her arm."
Tom missed his true calling!
Says something about YouTube anno 2022 that they had to include a note saying that the neighbourhood cat part was a joke.
I read the title and though "So he's buying somebody a tatoo, what's the twist?".
Adorable video
"So these are some stencils" Wait why does it say "word" in French in the corner? "Obviously this is backwards *flips it over*" Ooooooh
Tattoos should be art. Art should tell a story. Art should evoke emotion. My favourite tattoo is a bob-omb on my foot that my friend hand poked on his boat in New Caledonia. It's not accurate but it's absolutely perfect. Tom has made a great piece of art for Han.
One of the most intense watching experiences I have made.
this made me emotional to watch 🥺💗
i did not expect tom to be so good at this
Tom pulled off something that "tattoo artist" I know can't do. Goes to show that owning the tools is not the same as being taught how to use them.
The squiggly lines on it, while maybe not intentional, give a very cute charm to it. Great job Tom!
that is honestly an adorable tattoo
If you see Tom's videos change, just know, that they fell out.
It is honestly so cute watching Tom trying his best and everyone reassuring him. And it is genuinely good. Like, I've had professional tattoos that are worse than that.
I can’t believe I got my first tattoo days before this video went up. I should have waited to live in a universe where Tom Scott could have done my tattoo.
I would definitely keep it a little wonky like this. Having a good friend set a tattoo like would be too special to me to have it "fixed" by a professional. If she keeps it like this then I'm pretty sure she looks at it the same way as me so it's definitely something you can be proud of, Tom.
Reminds me of when Joey wrote the letter of recommendation for Chandler and Monica.  Worked out perfectly, but not in the way one would think.
Balls of steel Tom ! Balls of steel... (I would shake a lot more)
My friend who's a tattoo artist once asked me to give him a tattoo. I asked to practice first with the fake skin, immediately drilled a hole straight through it with the needle, got a loud "NOPE," from my friend and he never asked me to tattoo him again 😂
So when's the marriage?
tom scott going through all the side quests of real life
Next video: Tom tattooes himself!
Han really went up to her boss one day and said "hey, Tom, you wanna give me a tattoo?" And it somehow wasnt a terrible idea
Han is now the only person on earth who will ever have a tattoo done by Tom Scott
13:08 Shut up! We the viewers and everyone else are capable of deciding for ourselves. Nincompoop.
It's fun seeing Tash and Gaia agreeing to the "don't try this at home", when it fact every tattoo artist has very much tried this at home.
Thank you.
Your Producer got some balls doing that! Greatest respect by me
I'd even keep the wobble, it's adorable
The mistakes add character!
Tom, you have some of the best jokes XD all the best to you lad. You've done a fantastic job! Thank you for the wonderful content you bring us!
Usually when Tom says "don't try this at home" I say "obviously". Today I said too late!
I don't care how normalized they are. Tattoos are utterly moronic and ugly. Don't ever get tattoed.
Next thing will be Tom opens a tattoo shop
I could see an alternate universe tom where he started doing tattooing in highschool and made a career out of it.
I would let Tom do my tattoo
The tattoo artists are so awesome. How are they so supportive and nice? ❤️
Even if the tattoo completely failed you can always say that you are the only person who got a tattoo from Tom Scott
I can't speak for anyone else but I quite like when tattoos are a bit squiggly and personal, as they keep saying - artists aren't inkjet printers! I only have one to commemorate a visit to Texas so it's the Texan star, all the lines are perfectly straight apart from the last one, which has the slightest dent in it. I love that line, It's a bit like me - Together at a distance, but a bit weird close up x
Just a note of clarification about the discussion of how to hold and move the machine vs a pen. It's really only ballpoint-type pens that work well from the wrist. Fountain pens require much more action from the arm and less from the wrist, and your wrist benefits from more arm action with all types of pens (we've just developed bad ergonomic habits with the predominance of ballpoints).
Was this already posted and taken down immediately after at some point???  I'm getting the biggest wave of deja vu in my LIFE
Loved watching this! Well done Tom!!!
This might be the most "don't try this at home" we've ever gotten, but this is only like a 5 out of 10 on the Tom Scott danger scale
Looks like kwadron. Starting our boy off with those good needles.
I love how he specifies at the beginning that if _anyone_ seems uncomfortable, they'll stop, and then that he double-checks before tattooing that the recipient is certain about the whole thing.
Haven't watched it yet, but would absolutely let Tom tattoo my whole back if it meant we could hang out. Parasocials bad , for sure. I know what I said though
That was intense. Try midwife for the next vid!
Everything about this was great, Tom! So wholesome! And of my goodness, Gaia is just so charming. Absolutely adore her.
Tom I am absolutely loving all of these videos
Though we never met: Han must be a gem.  I'll be willing to argue against anyone claiming different. Just look a Han assuring Tom. That's quality.
Next video Tom will have a sleeve
Never seen anyone so critical about a stick flower they were drawing :P
The high level of trust!
The wiggly lines give a little bit of charm.
I have never, ever managed to understand why people want tattoos
0:12 Shut up with your paranoid “don’t try this at home” rubbish. Your viewers and everyone else will make their own decisions.
Wow! I can't imagine how hard it would be to stop the hands from shaking! Really cool video!
"This is... Synthetic skin?" "Yeah, sure. Why not."
I love how Tom was about to roast inkjet, and then stopped himself
Tom is such an anxious person and it’’s so relatable lmao.   Great stuff Tom!
I find it interesting that the bed is cleaned and then clingfilmed
That was very stressful
🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️🕳️
I wonder what that guy getting a tattoo in the background is thinking.
Ya know considering he like just started on fake skin and did this, I am kinda impressed. That was a decent start
tatto's are an odd thing we humans sometimes do. I don't get it, but hey - you do you! :D Its always fun to watch Tom. :D
I tattooed myself (under supervision) after having been under the needle for like 5-6 hours. I had no prior experience and it turned out decent enough. Ten years and still looking terrible :D.
Next video ideas: I tried tattooing a neighbourhood cat. I went serial killing (I already had the writing).
Very interesting.
Honestly, even if the tattoo is a bit wobbly that doesn't matter, since any flower isn't perfect anyway. The petals will be off, the stem will be crooked. So it's cute! Ever since I got my first tattoo I just accepted that perfection isn't possible. So I get why Han is so relaxed haha. Tattoos sorta make you realise skin is just skin and it doesn't matter in the big scheme of things. :)
I love the imperfect lines. It makes it so human and gives it a great story!
this was the most stressfully entertaining video ive seen for a long time
Next episode: I removed my producer's tatoo by a laser!
Tom is that one person who actually DOES the silly things you think of lying in bed at night
There's always something so wholesome about these Tom Scott Plus videos that's really hard to find anywhere else! The vibes here are immaculate ❤️
at this point Tom has had so many varied career experiences that his resume is probably 20+ pages long
I don't think I've ever been so invested in any youtube video, I was genuinely cheering when Tom got through each part of the tattoo successfully.
Tom explores an other forced meditation
It's not often the tattooee is comforting the tattooer :P I'd feel happy enough to let Tom ink a basic line design on me, time to set up shop :P In all seriousness, for anyone watching, get the best artist you can find. I got a crappy tat done at 17 (I know) and hated it; the size, the position, the artwork was all awful. After 15-20 years of hiding my upper arm, I found the best artist I could and paid the right price for the right artist to retouch/plan my artwork, apply and look after them, from one elbow, across my upper arm, shoulder, neck and down to the mid point of the left upper arm. The 10 days or so I was in the chair total was an experience worth paying for in itself, my artist was a really lovely guy and I'll never have any regrets over what I have, nearly 5 years on and they have aged beautifully... don't ink your mates or yourself unless you know exactly what you're doing!!!!   It's also well worth considering cover ups, should you need them. You might not care now and you might work in a situation where employers don't mind or can't really say anything but you change and, fortunately/unfortunately, so does society. I'm a teacher and, whilst it should absolutely be my own business, I carefully chose a layout that I can keep hidden at all times, if I wish... just need to be careful in white shirts for interviews etc. I know some people will claim that no one should care/hold it against you, but some will and do you really want the reason you didn't get the job to be that?
honestly, with all of the little irregularities and wobbly lines, the flower has much more character and charm to it than if it was done as accurately as a printer would, and i feel like it's a nice reminder of the actual person/friend who made the tattoo and the fun times when they did it
This was quite a journey! :D
I didn't realize Tom has a producer.
You would be better not to talk I think...well dine though.
7:05 the "ow" killed me
Patiently waiting for the next video in the series "Performing a lobotomy"
Is the Tom Scott plus channel him training for his next life as agent 47?
Next video:Tom Scott does my piercing
Really scared of tattoos myself but the funniest part for me here is how the one doing the tattoo is more scared than the person getting one! Tom really exploring new things and pushing past his comfort zone in each video is very inspiring. Kudos to the brave Han!
125th
.... i'm not gonna lie this massively influenced my likelyhood of getting a tattoo that looked smooth and quick
Okay, i know this is inappropriate but I'm getting flirty chemistry from tom and tash. And im living for it.
9:08 „That is not a circle!“ Tom Scott experiencing what struggles artists have deal with on a regular basis
The grip and the motion coming from the elbow sounds like what's used for cake decorating.  👍
"if any of us are uncomfortable at any time, we won't be doing it"  1 minute earlier: *TOM LOOKING EXTREMELY UNCOMFORTABLE*
A couple of months ago I did my first smiley face on my friend's foot and I can confirm all the nervousness Tom felt are legit 😂 as the person tattooing you feel a lot more pressure than the person receiving it, which is normally someone with a lot of tattoos already so they are more experienced. Congratulations Tom!
You don't look dorky Tom a lot of tattoo artists wear a head torch haha
toms excitement is addicting
Disappointed Tom didn’t get a face tat, would have really suited him
Welcome to episode # 17 of top is actually good at most things
Isn't the person getting the tattoo supposed to be near to fainting?
My mom just got a new tattoo TODAY after a long time of wanting one. Definitely good (or bad) timing on toms behalf.
If Tom ever ends up in jail, he now has a vocation to keep him safe.
I'm not into tattoos - but I really got into this - everyone was so kind to you and Han was the perfect 1st person to work on - her expectation was fun and funky, not printer perfect and it's an attitude like that that was just what you needed.  I've performed CPR for real twice, dealt with countless injuries (I am a First Aid instructor) and I would have been at least as nervous as you.
The tattoo is squiggly but tbh I like it.. it adds depth to it.. sure it can be criticized, but I personally like it.
Now we know why Tom will never play surgeon for a day in any of his videos, I'd be terrified if the person doing permanent things to my body was nervous, and just learned how to do it an hour ago
He is not a printer, he is a tattoo artist  for a day!
Did it not get touched up by the pro's? Because it doesn't look like it and that would also be really wholesome.
This looked like such a fun day! I got the sense that Tom walked away from this experience feeling a bit, 'I hope this doesn't awaken something in me'
I've seen a lot of people's first attempt at tattoos and Tom might take the cake. Its definitely one of the best first tattoos I've ever seen.
ive seen tom do some crazy things, i would never expect this to be one
How do these keep getting crazier
Did not expect this at all
I hope she keeps it as is. It has more character that way.
i LOVED this, so good tom :)
I want to be Tom Scott
Well done Tom. You are always a great student when learning new things and this time is no different. What an experience to have!
Now I am expecting Tom to do professional calligraphy at some point, or applying something professional to something huge in a way that modern printing and stenciling cannot do yet.
Tom, I do hope you take this series as a personal reference, for all the moments you've felt you couldn't achieve and then did it anyway. It's amazing to see you striving for discomfort as a way of growing.
I adore she left it as is and didn't get it touched up. The wobbly lines are a testament to the real feelings that went through Tom as he did this. If there's a tattoo that tells a story, it's this one right here.
Can someone explain the semen on his hand at 24:00?
When she handed the squirt bottle I thought it was a whiskey bottle and I was thinking "Tom is going hard" haha
This legit felt like 3 moms cheering a little kid forward!
If you'd have given me 100 tries to guess what Tom would be doing in the next (meaning this) video, I would not have guessed this!   Brave parties, all involved!
Y'know, the "joke" about tattooing neighborhood cats might not be 100% a joke. Hear me out.  One of the things many places have been doing as an attempt to control the wildly invasive, destructive, and dangerous feral housecat populations (seriously, THEY ARE A PROBLEM, DO NOT LET CATS OUTSIDE) is simple catch and release programs where you catch the ferals, spay/neuter them, and then release. But how do you easily find out which ones have already been treated without, well, cutting 'em open again? You could do ultrasounds and other such things, but that requires a LOT of handling, stress, and in the end, it's a huge and costly trouble. You could take the tip off their ear... But that's considered pretty barbaric by many, and also can happen naturally so it's not a perfect indicator. There's a lot of different things you can do, but one of the commonly agreed upon methods is... Tattoo them. You've already got the cat anesthetized and controlled while doing the surgery itself, so there's very little extra handling needed up front, and then all you have to do is check the crotch area for a tattoo showing through the fur in order to see that they've already been handled and are clear for release. It's not something that'd happen naturally, it's a clear indicator that almost anyone in those programs would recognize (or would quickly learn to after a few encounters), and it has no real impact on the cat. Perfect? Nah, still has the issue of not being visible from a distance, but anything visible from a distance is going to harm the cat's function in the wild or, like the ear thing, would be possible to naturally occur. So it's a common compromise.  Now, this tattoo is usually a very simple tattoo- something along the lines of a blue circle with a line through it, or something to that effect. Simple, noticeable, easily drawn by almost anyone to a level that can be seen and recognized rapidly. But it's a tattoo, and it's on skin. I could certainly see some enterprising newbie tattoo artists getting some volunteer work in tattooing cat (and dog) crotches at a local catch and release program. Sure they're not going to be doing anything fancy, but getting experience with how skin reacts to tattooing, even in that simple quick format, might be helpful!
Really impressed tom, i've got a worse tattoo than that and that was done by a proffesional
Next video : Tom Scott discovers the furry community-
I'd love to start tattooing!
And now we know Tom's new career
Oh god, last time Tom did a tattoo, a pig had a heart pierced on its hide
Next Week: how i got fired from my own channel(s)
Tash and Gaia are fantastic teachers! They’re so knowledgeable and so encouraging when Tom is doing well! Fantastic to watch.
Tom on his way mastering every skill out there!!
Awesome Tom! And now you know, if you ever want to do a charity auction thing you can auction a Tom Scott tattoo 😁
Looks like a wonderful (if somewhat stressful) time was had by all, nice!
Imagine telling your tattooist "it's okay". Han is a very brave person!
Everyone's comfortable, except Tom who is terrified.
Oh boy, this gonna be interesting...
9:08  An artist: relatable
Once again I'm utterly amazed at how good Tom is at everything
I just imagine Han steping into the office one day saying ''Why don't we make Tom tattoo me?'' and everyone is dead silent 'til Tom says ''Yhea why not?''
These two were lovely. Fun and encouraging and professional, great on camera. Tom knows how to pick his cohorts for this channel pretty well.  Also, for the second video in a row Tom is inflicting pain on someone. As someone who's never had a tattoo nor much interest in getting one, I like the Tom Scott level of detail in this, learning a bunch of stuff I'd never have known otherwise.
You've come a long way since your tattoo robot failure 😅
"The serial killer line, really killed me" amazing hahaha
you dont understand what i would give to be face tattoo'd by tom scott
it's funny tom's a better tattooist then most people that have their license ahhshsha
Amazing! A producer that shows their face on YouTube!
If prisoners can do it with a guitar string a tooth brush and motor I am sure you can do it with professional equipment.
looks like if this youtube thing doesn’t work out you know what your new career can be!
I want a Tom Scott tattoo!
i ok
That was amazing! Tom was the most nervous of the lot, but still went through it. Is it cheesy to say that it was pretty inspirating?
I really love this channel, more than the original even
It may have been Han's idea but I like to think it's listed on the Workplace Hazards section of the contract if you start to work with Tom: -tired eyes -back pain -Tom may get you a tattoo -Carpal tunnel syndrome -Tom falling from a high place onto you -...
y f
didnt even realise im early:o
How many years did that stress wipe away 😂
Who else remembers the Gadget Geeks Automatic Tattoo Machine?
Tash and Gaia are so fun! What an unexpected video from Tom, but a great time nonetheless.
british ppl look malformed
Tattoos are overrated. I draw on canvas instead. The human body already has more art than any painting will ever replicate or any tattoo will have. If I got a tattoo it would be outlining the golden ratio proportions in my hand.
"This is a joke. Do not tattoo neighbourhood cats." Well there go my weekend plans. 😂 Edit: Great job, Tom!
"Do not tattoo neighborhood cats"  YOU'RE NOT MY SUPERVISOR!
Next: Tom Scott does open heart surgery
I don't know Why I read this as I gave birth to my producer. I think I should get off the internet after this.
“Don’t do this at home”    *me dating a tattoo artist* ha too late
bruh
Commenting forbthe algorithm I could edit and fix the mistake, but I don't want to ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣶⣤⣤⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠉⠛⠛⠛⠿⣿⠿⠿⢿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡀⢀⣽⣷⣆⡀⠙⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠶⠋⠀⠀⣠⣤⣤⣉⣉⣿⠙⣿⠀⢸⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠴⡟⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣿⣦⡀⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢨⠟⡿⠻⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⢹⣿⣿⣿⢿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣼⣷⡶⣿⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢉⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠸⣿⣿⡿⣷⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⡿⣦⢀⣿⣿⣄⡀⣀⣰⠾⠛⣻⣿⣿⣟⣲⡀⢸⡿⡟⠹⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠞⣾⣿⡛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⢰⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⠀⣿⡽⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⠿⣍⣿⣧⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣷⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣿⣷⣙⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣹⡿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡧⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⣿⣿⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡶⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⣤⡴⠞⠛⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠚⣿⣿⣿⠿⣿⣿⠿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢀⣠⣤⠶⠚⠉⠉⠀⢀⡴⠂⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⠀⠀⢀⣿⣿⠁⠀⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠞⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣴⡿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⠀⠀⣾⣿⠋⠀⢠⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⡀⠀⠀⢀⣷⣶⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣆⣼⣿⠁⢠⠃⠈⠓⠦⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⣿⣿⡛⠛⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⢷⣦⣤⣤⣤⣦⣄⣀⣀⠀⢀⣿⣿⠻⣿⣰⠻⠀⠸⣧⡀⠀⠉⠳⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠛⢿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠉⠉⠙⠛⠿⣦⣼⡏⢻⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠻⣿⠙⣶⣄⠈⠳⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠈⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠁⣐⠀⠀⠀⠈⠳⡘⣿⡟⣀⡠⠿⠶⠒⠟⠓⠀⠹⡄⢴⣬⣍⣑⠢⢤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢀⣀⠐⠲⠤⠁⢘⣠⣿⣷⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣏⠉⠉⠂⠉⠉⠓⠒⠦⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⣷⣯⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠻⢦⣷⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣄⠀ ⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⢦⠀⢹⣿⣏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢻⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠳ ⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠁⣸⣿⣿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣽⡟⢶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠯⠀⠀⠀⠒⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢻⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⡄⠈⠳⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢀⣀⣀⡀⣼⣤⡟⣬⣿⣷⣤⣀⣄⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⡄⣉⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣄⠀⣀⣀⡀⠀
So when will Han tattoo you Tom?
Out of all of the things I wouldn't expect Tom Scott doing, this one is the one I expected the less.
lets go
Yessss new vid lets gooo
‌
Tom should have gotten a tattoo!
I, of course, have only seen a minute of this video, and I’m really excited to see what this ends up being
Cool
Moondog:)
Superb as always!
I will absolutely be trying this at home B)
Weird, didn't get notified of this video going up
I misread the title as "anal tattoo".
Hi
What a whole heap of fun that was! Such a big thanks to all of the wonderful folks at Lost Fox Tattoo (and to you too Tom, you did good!).  Also, for anyone curious: no, I didn't get the tattoo touched up or fixed by Tash or Gaia. As lovely and as talented as they are, I wanted to leave this one a 100% Genuine Tom Scott Original. It is perfectly imperfect!
