Love this CEO ❤
It did not come out soon. And those wheels in the steering wheel need to be in every Rivian.
I know they are about to release this car but I would love to see a 6 seater option with a bench seat up front with a flip up center console. That might also make possible to bring back the folding front seats.
cant wait to lease an R2... and R3x looks so sick...
Love back window goes down for pups in back
The R3 looks like 60's family cars. We've come full circle back now.
Chargers should be on the drivers side. this opposite side grinds my gears
Great video. Nice looking vehicles!
Flipper glass is rad
R3x my dream❤
I like that they are trying to cater to more affordable in terms of cost. I like both R2 and R3. Imo, I would get the R3. It's smaller, but cheaper and still pretty practical. All the extra space is nice, but I already have another car and this one would definitely be a daily.
I wish they kept the front seat folding down.  Alas, they scrapped it.
This is the golden platform  a two row AWD hatchback with some ground clearance , this would be on my list to look at if I traded my model x in , the best car on earth
How would you say R3 compares in size to a Honda CRV?
what an ugly car.
I've never heard an accent pronounce glovebox as glowvebox.
"touch screen on steering wheel" that I hope never happens... bad in all possible ways
I'm curious about the choice to put the NACS charge port in the back right.  Seems like an odd choice if you want to make it easy to use  Tesla superchargers which were designed to charge the back left.
From Superman to CEO of Rivian
It would be better if the charger port (Tesla) is on the left as the Tesla cars. It would indeed please the previous converted Tesla owners.
I wonder if the function wheels on the steering wheels are a bit too big that could easily be inadvertently brushed especially while driving with hands interactions, thus causing the menu function changes that were not intented.
Wonder what kind of camera used to take this video. The lens flare is just way too obsessive. What could be an image with a lot of details are lost with lens flare.
I ordered the R2. Keeping my fingers crossed that by the time it went into production they also offer a choice of wheels. The one presented on these prototypes does not fit the vehicle visualy. Also, would like to see the "Tesla-ready" charging port on the left hand side just the the model Y for those those that converts from Tesla.
I just can’t get past those ugly front headlights otherwise I’d consider one.
With the charging port on the rear right, how will you charge at  a Tesla Supercharger?
I wonder when Rivian is going to announce the quad motor version (Dual motors x 2) that they collab with Star Wars on. An R2-D2 needs to happen. You know you want it.
Waiting for R2!!
Chinese cars are half price with 8 years of warranty with unlimited milage
vehicle to grid?  Where is that?
the law states u cant have lights on a movable piece of body that would make the lights not work if its an emergency. how does the hatchback work for the r3 when the taillights move up with the gate? i dont see any other lights other than whats on the tailgate. for example some auto makers have lights in the bumpers, some have them on the side body panel in the rear.... whats the r3 solution?
I’m all in if the price is 45k. The design and improvements will hit the spot for many people. It’s a perfect everyday vehicle with enough space.
Thanks for sharing
I need the R3 so bad it's unreal
Tell him if he wants to do a straight swap for my Model 3 SR+ for an R2 lmk lol
cmon what is with this lens flare
I like that both of them are over 6 feet tall and it looks like they still have a lot of space in the back row seats!
March ‘25 here. The fold down front seats have been discarded - which is a shame because it was a fantastic idea.
Like the folding front seats.  My dad had a HHR that had the front passenger seat fold down, which was useful for long cargo, not sure why that function was not more popular.  I don't know any modern vehicles now with that function. Glad Rivian brought this back.
Steve-O, “GrAb HaNdLe”. ☠️🤣
FINALLY A MODERN REPLACEMENT FOR MY 2006 SCION xB!!!!! I've been wanting an electric toaster!
I really wish I had the money to buy one of these now. The R2 is really up my alley as someone who owns a jeep right now and hates its horrible gas milage but wants an electric car with good milage and good features.
Do the R3 first!!!!
Really interested in that last performance R3.  Maybe it'll be available when I'm in the market for a new car in a few years.
Will the glass roof on the R2 still have the same clear and opaque modes as the R1?
I personally don't like electric cars but seriously want an R3.
That glass roof is horrible for the summer
The R3 looks like a Yugo body with Rivian EV tech. Better wheels, tire, and suspension etc.. Pretty cool.
In case people are looking through the comments today to note some changes since this video.  1) Fully folded front seats are no longer a thing. It will either move forward for as much space as possible or just be at an angle. 2) The frunk will be power closing (allegedly) to make up for the seats. 3) 2026 they say it will have Level 3 self driving.
He looks like Christopher Reeve's Superman.
Really like Rivian direction. Making cars for the masses will be a game changer, especially if it doesn't feel like the smaller cars are really losing much of the luxury. This is definitely on my radar for 26' 27'.
Give me the R3X!! 🤤🤤🤤
any updates on this  cars?
Love using the ocean based plastic for the plastic elements! Woohoo!!
The R3 would do really well in Europe... especially given what's happening with Tesla at the moment - the only real competition we have here is Polestar, so I hope Rivian seize the opportunity!
I put my deposit in as soon as I watched the release vehicle. I have never seen a vehicle that so closely matches my ideal "dream vehicle" that I can actually afford. I am having a hard time waiting and not taking advantage of the R1T deals on 1st gen trucks. As a dog owner, the operable rear windows sold me, but it's the perfect size and fold down front seats will be cool when sleeping/camping inside with a nice mattress.
I like the R3X should sell well
Rivian are trying all their best to beat tesla,i hope they will bring more upgrade.
Love the R3 lineup. Happy that it’s a few years away, gives me time to save up for one.
The R3 looks like a modernised Lada. When the R2 comes to the UK, I’m in.
Compared to you know who, this looks like a normal guy ...
This guy destroyed Fisker cause he was a Rivian plant
A R2X would have been cool.
Will the R 2 and R 3 still have built in trailer hitch for bike racks?
R3 is a diamond.
I  hope Rivan will be able to get these on the road in volume. I could see myselve owning the R2.
That awkward moment at 14:10 with Marques and RJ swatting hands😂 🫳🏻👋🏾
45 is not affordable for most people. Needs to come down to like 30-35, then we can talk about affordability.  Looks nice.... to buy used.
Thank you, great overview.
I just commented on my Tesla influencers YouTuber sites that I will not replace my 2020 Tesla MYP + FSD with the 2026 Juniper Y. Enough is enough with arrogant billionaires. Now that Rivian has a service center in MTL Canada, I’ve reserved the R2. Its spokesperson is not an ass and he focuses on Rivian. Really sounds like a nice guy. I never thought I would be involved against my will in so much far right MAGA James Bond wannabe vilain bullshit with Musk! 😡
I'm glad to see a smaller SUV for Rivian. I don't want a truck or 3 row SUV but Rivian always catch my eyes on the road and there's a chill vibe about the company unlike Tesla, which over the years had label their drivers as certain type of people. I still very impressed by BYD SUV so if Rivian can offer anything close to BYD....Tesla will be damned.
If Honda doesn't make an EV Element then I'll be getting this someday
ok but those gaps in the panels are quite horrific not as bad as the glare on the camera, but close
“Hopefully, it comes out soon” The guy started to reply “Me too”, but caught himself
These are amazing cars
The 2007 Dodge Caliber offered the option to fold down all the seats, which is a feature that's surprisingly not more common in other cars. Additionally, it came with an AC wall outlet, which was pretty remarkable for a vehicle from that time.
Really hope to get them by the end of 2025❤❤❤❤
No sharkfin. Hallelujah!
Love the look on you face when you asked if there was a wireless charger up front, Ha Ha !
Man... This is VERY compelling.
❤ my old grand Cherokee had front seats fold flat and I used all the time.
R3 looks sick
Thanks for the amazing review as always,  is there an info about R2 phone key and if it uses Bluetooth or UWB ?  also can R2 powerup your house similar to Cybertruck and Hummer?
I can't get over that R3X design. It's perfect. These will sell like crazy if they make it to market.
With dependable 300 mile range, I’d buy the R3 for up to 55k
Rear windshield wiper?
9:59 that space with all the seats folded is awesome for drive in movie or late night in a road trip,,,
7:30 that dark mode is similar to tactical light that most military uses to minimize the light.
6:23 the stitches on the steering wheel needs more work, that looks and most likely won’t feel good specially that corner part.
I don’t really understand why rivian cannot simply get the charging port to where it supposed to be, they begged Tesla to allow their vehicles to charge at superchargers, they adopted the NACS port, however they put it in the wrong side of the car. It’s very damn simple. Either front right or rear left, it will make huge difference when charging at Tesla’s supercharger.
Oh my god, this is amazing, my friend, I enjoyed this video, thank you. ❤❤
Dude is the opposite of Musk. Hopefully this beand beats out tesla.
I own a new tesla Y. I drove the R1S for a month while my Tesla was in the shop from a minor collision (not my fault someone crashed into my rear). Not impressed with how the Rivian drives. The software is inferior to the Tesla. Overall I wouldn’t buy a Rivian
Wow, I really wish Rivian survives long enough to take down the EV car industry and beat Tesla in its own game. I have a Tesla Model Y for a year now and already wanna switch to Rivian R2.
Great Review!
I've got my eyes on that R3X👀
N
This company is selling at loss... for awhile now.
More CARS (and crossovers) need to have that front passenger seat folding for carrying long items. I can carry 10ft long lumber in my prius thanks to the folding front seat, but almost all new cars dont have this feature
MKB Great Video always enjoy. CEO is such nice person and lets you speak and ask questions. Liked very much. The Rivian is one of my Favorite of most.Something Special about all of them.Thanks so much to both. 💯✌️
Love their Laguna beach Showroom/theater.
Charging port needs to be in front right or back left.
Is it me RJ gives me Clark Kent vibes. Now I'm just waiting to see the S on is chest or R for rivian
Uh I have a strange obsession with this company and the cars are just chef kiss despite never riding one before.
Is it possible to have the charge put on both sides to make it easy to charge at any station?  That's kind of similar to the Porsche Taycan.
But question is, can it do 96?😅
Nice, but it would be nice to have a 2 door version. A solar sun roof and/or bed cover would be a nice option, too.
These two are Tesla-killers.  For that price, it’s tough to beat them.
Great video, good job
R2 Looks ugly, why oh why would you make head space shorter than a model Y, why? It looks ugly,, Ford's Bronco ev prototype looks beautiful, gorgeous....If the R3x was more  taller and slightly more wider , it would be their best car....the r2 is just ugly r1 is good due to the size....but that flat roof and 2 tone paint job is horrendous... seriously.
RJ Scaringe looks like Steve-O had he made drastically different decisions in life.
Is that roof using smart glass that frosts?
As a Brit, I am very happy about the S2 and S3! Fingers crossed they bring them to our shores and in RHD.
Rivian stock will 5× in 2 years
I don't love the charging port being on the rear passenger side.. that seems like an inconvenient and weird spot for it?
Excited for these cars to come out!
Is it the size of the Range Rover Sport? I want to change my sport lol
Still no towing info for R2 and  R3
Do not like the wheel dials on the steering wheel.
Mattie Rest
3:32 Existing NACS to CCS adapters won't fit because of the flap on the R2; the flap needs to move to one side to make the adapter fit. Where we're going, we're gonna need another adapter...
RJ seems really nice. I like that of a ceo
I'm wondering if all the seats go down in the R3 as well. Or at least if the back is long enough to sleep inside with just the back row down 🤔
shoudl've kept the same platform to keep the cost down. R2 expecting by 2025? meaning it could delay even further?
Change those headlights and I’ll buy one!!
Carlotta Valleys
R3 vs Ioniq 5 please..
Man I wish I could afford a rivian truck. I have a failing side hustle bee business and I need a pick up truck.
Conn Fork
IMO they should remove the glass roof from the R3/R3X. Everyone I know who has a Tesla with a glass roof ends up hating it and just tints the hell out of it.
Good to see a normal CEO that can talk about a product and not be socially awkward.
Beaulah Knoll
I like this guy! You can tell hes excited about his product!
Is the roof always clear or is there a shaded option somehow?
R2 is essentially a car designed for Europeans.
Sadye Crossroad
Love the R2, that's my next vehicle.  If I would be 30 years younger, it would be the R3X.  Cool vehicles, RJ is great.  Cheers from Canada.
Kuhic Locks
Noooo. Don't say hands on.    -____-
This geek is just so trustworthy... If it ain't good, he gonna say so
The R3 kind of reminds me of a next gen  AMC Eagle.
something something steve-o
Rivian RJ
re: glass opening rear liftgate on the R3: My '02 Honda CR-V allowed opening the rear glass with the door closed. I found it very useful for hauling long items like lumber. I wish more vehicles had this feature.
WOW, RIVIAN ABOUT TO HAVE THE ROADS LOOKING FUTURISTIC!  All those vehicles are beautifully designed!
Jody Curve
I didnt want an electric till i seen the R3X
Hagenes Landing
Now, it's important to keep the cost down.
Rivian needs to come to the UK ASAP
Is there a "Right-hand drive" Rivian? Even though I'm left-handed, my country is predominantly right-handed so I got accustomed driving right-handed vehicles.
Me going through the comments, seeing Steve-O's transition to the car industry and going to search for who Steve-O was and I'm like, he was a stunt man?  Just to comeback to find out it was a joke because they look alike.
R3 is absolutely the type of EV I'm looking for!
All that piano black gloss trim is already all swirled up on a brand new car...
Glōvebox
If stevo o imitated a young  clark kent
I cannot believe Jeff Goldbloom made a car!
Hope they get their OSHA violations figured out
Why put the charge port on the back right?  Why not back left?
I want that R3 so bad.   Looks like my little green diesel rabbit.
Smith Linda Jackson Sandra Garcia Elizabeth
Just HOW do You have "Hands-On" impressions 5 Months ago with an R3 when the car is not scheduled for production until 2027...????..............Paul
RJ Scaringe looks like SteveO if he never did drugs and never beat himself up for years with Jackass stunts.  Love to see him do the SteveO voice and maybe wear a white T-Shirt with a pack a butts rolled into the arm sleeve... LOL!
Charge port is on the wrong side
Steve?
Thoughts on how this would work with three adults in the backseat. Will that be as roomie as it would be in the R1s is too cramped?
Hopefully it rides better then the R1? The highway manners of my R1 is atrocious.
The R3 is the way. Tesla finally losing out on more than just styling.
It would be dope if they Rally raced R3X
SOLD- R3 will be my next EV 😊
They'll be bankrupt before this garbage launches anyway lmfao. Have fun with your e-waste.
yeaaaah dude!
Why no button on the r3 liftgate to close it?  That's a pretty standard thing on motorized liftgates across the industry.
The R3 looks SICK! Absolutely fantastic looking! Its like a best-of version of all the sweet old fast hatchbacks!
I'm really loving the R3/R3X design. It's compact, offroad capable, high performance on road...a real jack of all trades. This is exactly the type of all-purpose EV I'm interested in, but no one is building yet. I'm pretty impressed with Rivian so far, but one huge complaint is that they are taking way too long to bring these smaller, more affordable models to market.
The fold down front seats are a game changer!!!
R3x smaller cheaper EV, 300+ miles with AWD ground clearance, and sleep inside flat. Perfect
I really like the R2 and made a reservation to purchase one. However, I use the FSD in my Model 3 daily and Rivian is just not there in that category. I'm rooting for Rivian as if Rivian did have FSD or even just Autopilot that was comparable to Tesla, I'd be purchasing the R2.
Great looking ride.  It they missed an oportunity to call the R2 model a D2 trim level. 😂
I really like the new design you don’t notice the difference till you see it. I still want the R1T or wait till R2T
When are we getting a Rivian R1S refresh review??
I need that R3X
Oh buddy. I just seen this R3. I know what my next car will be!
can you guy mention next time the cargo space with the seat down , cant find it on the web for the r2 and r3
My main concern with these new vehicles is the reliability. I am a toyota guy for this reason but i definitely like this suv just wanna see be proven and tested after a couple years.
Never in my life did I want an electric vehicle.. this I like
I really like the direction Rivian is taking. I am sure we will see it in Asia after ome time,  but the R3 has some potential. If they are able to get to larger economies of scale.
The Laguna Beach Showroom?
Really like the R2. I’m pretty sold other than the charge port being on the passenger side. Being Tesla is superchargers are the most abundant chargers for travel, having that charge port on the passenger side makes it a pita to and takes up two spaces, block a charger from others.
I like how their CEO looks like Steve-O if he didn't do drugs and Alcohol
Nice to see the CEO there giving input.
which one is similar to the Tesla Y?
It says filmed on 15 Pro but the video looks terrible. The B roll looks amazing though. Were you using the front facing camera for the walk-n-talk video?
Love the aesthetic of the R3, but I just wish it was even smaller, like the size of a VW golf, to really play to the retro hatchback vibes. Still waiting for an electric car that that's in that size range, but the R3 and the Ioniq5 are still leaning a little too much into SUV for my tastes.
lol dual motor awd 75,000
Bring them to the market ASAP. Screw Tesla and its moronic CEO.
Wish the target range was a bit better. From my experiences with my Model Y and Model 3, something with 550km range is ideal for my driving habits.
Thought i wanted the R2 but now i know i NEED that R3. Gotta have it.  Will it have a tent option too?
Damn... Rivian are probably building the most interesting line of vehicles of any car maker these days. Seriously would consider this for a next vehicle. Still not in love with the front lights, but they are slowly growing on me. The rest of the vehicle(s), just awesome attention to design and detail.
I am not sure how accurate this is especially since this is 4 months ago and it is a prototype, but for this particular r2 spec the battery range is at 330 miles (at full battery). Is it worth $45k+ (since this is not base model) and not having any ev tax credit eligibility?
Lada Niva + Renault 5 = R3
R3 & R3X remind me of the Russian Lada series
Like an old school 4dr Cherokee but electric.  love it.
Omg R2 and R3 must be my new favorite cars ever🤭 Besides iD Buz, and Kia. And they are perfect for Europe and Norway where I live as we love electric cars here🙏🏾
Honestly huge if they can get the base price to mid-high 30s.  I was planning on the EX30 but I might just hold off for this.
car looks so ugly
Isn’t the charging port being on the right side rear a problem since the tesla chargers on the left will the connector reach??
I wish Rivian would adopt the split tailgate like land Rovers and land cruisers. As an adventure vehicle, it's super nice to have a bench to sit or work on while prepping/returning from an activity.  The front folding passenger seat is also crucial for surfboard storage so that's nice to see
I saw one of the roads for the first time today and I’ve just been researching
I have a VW ID.4 AWD and absolutely love it ❤ But I can’t wait to test drive this Rivian R2 😎
I’ve never owned an EV, but when I say that the R3 looks like the perfect beginner EV, I mean it! I might buy it when it comes out, it looks like everything I want out of a car, period!
More of a fan of the R3
I currently own a Lexus RC. Went back to school and anticipated to finish in 2026. I’m looking for an SUV to replace my coupe and realized I’ve been sleeping on Rivian. I’m in between Range Rover Velar, Mercedes Benz GLC, Model Tesla S, Lexus RX 500h F Sport and now this. Still got 2 years to think about but the R2 definitely caught my attention. Can’t wait to see more of it.
can you do a review of the software in these EV cars?  user experience is far more important than how many cup holders a car has, etc.
Love it! Hoping I’ll be ready to get an R2 when they hit the market! 🎉
Niceeee
Something to add to these videos is monthly cost. Especially with these new electric vehicles/companies its hard to predict and tough to know who to trust on these things
Anyone else notice the crack in the trim by the left wheel scroll control? Hmmmmm
Seems very cool
I’m not an EV guy, but these look great. If I was in the market for an EV, there’s a very high chance I’d get a R2
Based upon this interview with the CEO, I reserved the R2 for 2026.
That's actually a pretty nice crossover for a starting point MSRP of mid 40s low 50s.
R3x prob going to be 50k right
Calm Steve-O with the voice of Musk
You go SteveO!! So proud of you bro!!!
These EVs suck balls 🏀
Can or will a “R” tow a 35’ powerboat? Is 4wd available, not just awd? My interest is not an oversized family vehicle, just a practical smaller power vehicle as an option to the jeep cherokee.
@Rivian, start accepting reservations for the R3X asap! It feeds my badass off-road hot hatch energy that I didn't know I needed in my life until now.
R2 = SUV D2 = Sedan
As soon as they are able to match the 500 miles I get from a tank of gas on my Rav4 Hybrid, I'll be making the switch.   Until then, the range just still isn't there. Undoubtedly awesome and capable vehicles, built for the adventurer. Right up my alley. My woodland edition is plenty capable for offroading, and I'm sure these are even more so. Battery chemistry just still isn't what it needs to be. Across the board, not just Rivian.  The glass hatchback and ALL seats folding COMPLETELY flat is massively useful for their consumer base.
I dig the R3X.  The tail lights are rad.  Unfortunately DOT regulation will change the look.  I thought they mandated that you have to display rear lights even if the hatch is open. 🤔
If you plan on utilizing the Tesla supercharger network, why move the charging port to the rear right side?
A motorcycle by rivian would be cool
I’m considering getting my license sometime soon, and if I do, the R3 might be the car I’m most likely considering getting. but whether or not I do, I’m absolutely gonna buy any die-cast models and any CGI models as the R3 is just so fun!
these are getting closer to convincing me but i want some ding dang buttons. touch screen controls are such a mistake in the long run.
Steve-O really mellowed out
Steve-O CEO haha! I was like man this guy looks familiar. 🤓 Just placed my reservation for the R2. I have been so tempted and was this close with Tesla's Model Y %0.99APR financing that I was about the pull the plug on ordering my first EV. However with Rivian showing off their new in house engine design and a more affordable model Y fighter. I'm firmly now in the Rivian camp. I prefer Rivian's design choice, fold flat fronts seats, dual glove boxes, powered roof mount tent, more usable rear cargo space. What a home run in my opinion.
Unlike certain loony EV CEOs, RJ is a car guy. He gets it. And the pride he show is what he and his team have accomplished shows. The R2 is brilliant. And then comes the R3 and R3X... Totally cool. Across the board, when it comes to software, engineering, ergonomics, quality of materials, and build quality... Nobody does it better in the EV market. And the R3X is absolutely delicious. Well done, Team Rivian.
Isn't the NACS port on the wrong side if the intent is to allow this to be charged at Tesla chargers? I can see that causing a cluster at super chargers.
6:30 I'd get cat fur in it 😅
I like this Rivian guy! He’s definitely on to something.
If it has an NACS charging port, why not put it in the same location as Tesla ports?
So excited for the R2!!! Definitely considering for my next vehicle
I think I’d like to see the scroll wheels on the steering wheel a little more inboard so that they aren’t something I’d be as likely to hit/rub when making turns (you know, when you palm a wheel when it’s straightening out after a turn). I’d hate to have the music blare up on me unexpectedly! Now, may be totally fine of course, just a thought. Other than that, looks great and am super excited!
Damn, I want an R3. Bummer it's still gonna be a couple years
These!  Love the jeep/bronco sport/lada vibes of the R3 (&X).  I'll be looking for these.
RJ looks like John Kanell's (Preppy Kitchen) brother.
Did anyone else expect a naked Wee Man to jump out of the frunk?
Rivian is definitely a very slick EV company and yep I DEFINITELY caught the little bit of snideness in the explanation and pointing out of features. It doesn't go well with your sense of kindness MKBHD. but it is what it is . . . 👍
So question- does the R2 have rear wiper blades? If so where are they?
R2 with $7500 Fed credit.....I'll buy.  🙂
R3 is amazing. Hope Rivian plans to setup shop in India soon.  Kudos to Rivian for their silent yet persistent and disciplined approach to make good EVs.  Godspeed.🙂👍
This looks like your average chinese EV. China has caught up
Rivian design seems to be hit or miss. Personally I love it but some people abhor it.
I have the Hyundai Ioniq 6 and love it. Waiting to see the R2 in person. May be the next EV
Just another ugly electric piece of garbage.
Finally, a vehicle for my massive glove collection
0:20 "nice for joining me"
cup holders?
Bad video quality. Great SUVs.
RJ looks and even sounds like white version of that Chocolate Rain guy, doesn't he! 🙂
Really like that first model. If they can keep it at a reasonable price point I’d be interested
From jackass performer to Rivian CEO, props to Steve-O!
RJ is just a clean Steve O who’s got shit together
Really hope Rivian starts making money and survives. I want R2 and R3X.
This is the first time i've been really excited about an EV, I want one of those R3x's
Man that guy looks like if Steve-O took life more seriously
The charging port position isn’t good. Does anyone realize how many people get accidents and scrape poles on that end of the car?
They are omitting showing the leg room on that back seat. The hood is too big on this car, there is no motor so why is it that big.  I feel they could have made more room available inside.
Daamn I love how the back of the R3 looks like. Such a timeless design
Naming scheme makes no sense
Is there a space for a spare tire?
How about R2T? In North America we can’t have small cheap trucks anymore because of emissions regulations but EV’s short circuit that problem.
I need an R3X.
R3 looks so freaking good 😮
I have to say the design on this car is insane. They even aced minor details like making the volume scrolled on the steering wheel accessible from both sides so you can use any fingers without changing your grip. I'm not really a car guy but even I can recognize the improvements they made here. I wish my car had this stuff lol
never have i wanted a vehicle more than that r3x! Super excited for rivian after this.
What about the built-in air compressor!?!!!?!???
I noticed there are no auxiliary lights for when the rear hatch is open on the R3, since the light bar doesn’t span the width of the whole car like the other models. The Audi Q7 also has taillight modules on a moving panel but there are another set to compensate for the tailgate being open. It’ll be regulatory for them to fix this before releasing the car.
I want r3x
These vehicles are much better and more interesting than Teslas, just look, Tesla has a lot to learn...😂
Great interview and showcase of Rivian innovation with these vehicles. RJ and his team are visionaries, i cant wait for the R2 /R3(x) to be available for purchase.
I’m excited for r3x
R3x looks perfect for Europe. Will be saving money
I want an R3 just for its looks !
Rivian and Tesla should merge. Rivian is catering to the macho men, and Tesla is catering to the intelligent men. Combine both, please.
R3X is a winner! Something small that I can take to work or camping on the weekends
I kept thinking Rivian should simplify the truck. Some of the features like the speaker are neat but pointless. Ive even invested in the company and am holding onto hope, despite losing a lot of money. Cut out some of the bull crap features and make the truck a truck. Itd be cheaper and sell so much better.
That R3 is a hot little number...
fabulous product. but given the direction of inflation , it is challenging to produce 50k EV cars , nearly impossible.
Y’all beat me to the Steve-O jokes
cool to see rivians out in the wild, they are nice looking cars that actually stand out
Rivian does better CEOs than Tesla.
I would love to see a sedan kinda muscle car from them, would be so sick haha
I love the design and shape of this ....love the "boxy" look and the mono tail light . On the other hand the head lights looks like something out of a 1960's cartoon. I saw one of these SUV's on the road yesterday and i was thinking....oh gawd those headlights what were they thinking???
R3X seems like fun
They SHOULD make  trunk more deep in the r3, because o have a dobermann...and i love that car
Rivian headlights remind me of a Dyson air purifier.
charge port still on the wrong corner... why???
Bye, Tesla. Fun while it lasted. Laters
How about distinguishing Rivian with a new twist on anti-theft, with optional second-factor unlock or drive authorization? That would be a standout feature, and would blow the other makes away.
5:21 whyyyyy 2 glove boxes? make a bluetooth speaker that goes instead of the center glove box 🤦🏻‍♂
Been watching reviews of the latest 4runner and this R2 can’t come soon enough.
Price? 30K dollar: masterpiece; 60k: industrial garbage.
I can not wait.. to make enough money to afford one still 😂
Beautiful looking vehicle with nice and useful features and a reasonable (for an electric vehicle) price BUT Rivian needs to do something about their quality/reliability. Consumer Reports named the brand their 5th worst  for 2024 (Jeep, no surprise, was the worst). I don’t always believe CS when they list their best vehicles because they don’t test them long enough or put the vehicles through enough real world use. But when CS says a vehicle is bad, it’s bad. Also, I’ve noticed A LOT of Rivian delivery vans for Amazon being towed in my city (and I doubt it’s because their were illegally parked). Maybe in a few years, they’ll get their act together. 🙁
i just can't warm up to their headlight design... it's so fucking ugly
Thank you, I got my dream car materialized 😍 And I just love dat tent ❤
I’m going to buy one for my uncle OJ Simpson
One of my few regrets in life is buying my Tesla Model Y, and buying it a month before Tesla cut the price by $15,000….
Would love an R2, preordered right away, just hope the company is still afloat in 2 years.
How can you NOT care about panel gaps dude? Do you understand how a panel attaches to a car????  You DO REALIZE that  if the panel is off, it means that the thing is attached to, is also off, yes?  You understand that if your car's chassis/monocoque is misaligned, that speaks of a bad quality product?  And you are endorsing it because "you don't really care".  Please shut up. Not only are you misinforming your audience, you are putting them in harm's way. You do fine as a tech reviewer because you know what you are talking about. You are clueless about cars, so please shut up.
Steve O is hot 🥵
I would Love to see a Series of commercials with Real Steve-o and a Cameo from the CEO. what a great commercial that would be.
Viva Steve-O! I had no idea he was into cars.
how are the liftgate lights compliant? no side marker lights either?
The r3x looks like the sweet spot for me. Don't need the size of the r2 or r1s but can still get the performance. Bummer have to wait 3 years.
If the charging port is on the rear passenger side, how is the Tesla supercharging cable going to reach? There’s barely enough cable to get to the rear driver side.
please.... make the R3.  smaller EVs, I'm not intereested in massive SUVs which every other EV seems to be.
Given that according to Rivian numbers they are loosing over 40k per car on the R1.   Not a chance they can make the R2 for 45k.
Looks like a Land Roover to me
I would really like to see version without the glass roof.   I very much dislike that in so many EV offerings.
Dammit! I didn’t want to like the electric cars, I don’t want to switch — but Rivian is very intriguing.
Ever since Rivian teamed up with Ewan McGregor for his travel doc… long way up… I’ve been a fan. Hopefully one day I’ll be able to have one. Cheers,
RJ the goat
The incorportion of Tesla charges is a game changer
Steve-O owns Rivian 😂😂😂
The R2 camping concept is innovative. MKBHD looks like he could pass out from excitement. Knows more about the car than the manufacturers 😂
No R2T? :(
Xiaomi SU7
(Must) Could you get bluetooth speak an or speakers back please an thank you in advance...keepcoolcoolplease
Steve O with a different voice 😮
The R3 reminds me of the OG VW Golf in terms of design
Is there a sunshade for the roof glass?
Whoa! Deprecated $4k since the video started.
Will it turn out to be another stinker?
I’m just glad someone is making EVs that don’t look like a jelly bean
I want an R2T.. more affordable, smaller form factor truck. Smaller trucks are so hard to get and people love them. They would print money.
Putting NACS port rear right side is useless. Supercharger cables aren't long enough to reach it so you'd have to take up two stalls to use a Supercharger.  Hope they realize this before production.
I can be convinced to get a R2, but the R3/X is the size of a car I want. I really wish that one was coming out first.
I really not into all these new electric car companies but I can't lie Rivian look cool as hell
Rivian, bringing the Chevette back!! I LOVE THE R3.
Hope they can stick with the lower prices because these look great
I think they got the idea of smart knob video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip641WmY4pA
R3 is the most interesting. Still want something smaller though.
I’d like it if the face wasn’t fugly
Rivian will probably be my first EV, it just hits all things I'm looking for that you don't see in other EV's.
Reserved the R2 already. Can't wait. Just wish I knew how much it was going to be for the fully decked out version.
The R3X looks like a Lada Niva…..I kinda like it
Rivian is in retreat with it's downsizing.  When I saw the cramped front seat demo  stopped watching. That is a shame they are shrinking instead of adding value in spacious comfort and presence..
That full folding down front-seats feature is really neat. I can't imagine many people caring about it, but I actually do, I'd really really like my car to be able to do that.
how tall are you guys? would it be comfortable drive for someone who is 6, 1"
My favorite new tech ceo by a mile
The CEO fan boys are a bit weird I must say. Nice vehicle and good run through. I personally am hankering for some legit American competition for BYD. Affluent Americans now have like 20 different good EVs they can buy and regular people on a budget still have 0.  We were gaslighted into believing this is how it has to be right now. BYD proved that a lie
Can the glove boxes come with locks?
Why is the charge port on the wrong side??? It makes no sense and will only serve to cause more issues with Tesla Supercharger etiquette.  UGH!  And why no truck???  A cheaper version of the R1T would be the best thing Rivian could do for the bottom line.
Is it bigger than a bronco ? #R2
It’s got a cool old school Jeep Wagoneer vibe.
Taking the shape of the first generation VW Golf and making an R3 is a stroke of genius. Moreover R3X looks damn good 👏
Does the R3 have foldable front seats too for camping ?
Interesting to see the charge tesla style port on the right side of the vehicle instead of the left, like Tesla has. Will Tesla be extending the charger cables at super chargers? Or just cause chaos?
Jesus is coming soon come to Him, He loves you dearly. The scripture says in John 3:16 “For God so loved the world that He gave his only begotten Son that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life”. Come to God He loves you
RJ is so much more eloquent and well-spoken than Elon and overall just seems like a much nicer person. Excited to see these on the road and looking forward to more success for Rivian! Their vehicles definitely have the design "it-factor" and seem very customer-centric.
This guys legit a Steve-O Tay Zonday hybrid
The folding seats feature... Californians, don't lie... you're looking at that as a solution to your rent woes... Lol.
Fisker ocean is way better 👍
Cool to see the master safety cutoff switch in the driver footwell
Hope charge port gets moved to the driver side before launch. Tesla charging stations are made for driver side.  Other than that nice car.
This wasnt my target vehicle, but this absolutely nails it. Once I finish school, this will be my first new vehicle purchase for myself. So many of these vehicles are massive, but a 5-seater is perfect. The packaging is excellent, and the haptic wheel controller is genius.
Dog mode available?
I feel like this pivot to making smaller vehicles is wise and is going to work well for them. Good call.
Why the front is sooooo Ugly?????? The lights made it look dum!  Add one more lights at each sides or widen the lights!!!
You telling me that taking out the Bluetooth speaker saves thousands of dollars? Include it, cheapos.
I didn’t realize just how small the R2 is and how large the R3 is. lol. Can we reverse that please?
I am very disappointed because this seems like the selling out or jumping the shark moment. This was a cheesy product pimping that was weird and hard to watch. Even RJ didn't know how the hatch or trunk worked and these don't even come to market until 2026 and I would be surprised if we see them then. Boo on you Marcus
I wish the front had a classier more masculine look. It's too Pixar adorable. The rest of the body is fine. I'm excited for the all terrain R3 hatchback
Why don't you do a video on how shitty Rivian treats their employees.  The people who build it say it's an overpriced piece of junk.  Employees say there is rampant sexual harassment and unsafe working conditions.  If you want to know the truth about a vehicle you talk to the people who build it, not the people who sell it.
Dirty lense? Crazy
So is the Rivian R2 with dual drive R2D2?  Jokes aside, a very well designed vehicle, finally a great size for most of us.
Awkward laugh at 3:39 concealing the broken motor on the charge port lol
okay we need companies to start standardizing charge location
Love it but what is with the charge port being on the rear passenger side? This will make it really inconvenient to use any Tesla supercharger because the cables are not able to reach the other side. Will lead to assholes double parking and/or Rivian users having to buy an extension cord.
He JUST said everything marques is asking about.  This video is completely unnecessary 🤦‍♂️
watching the seats all fold, then him saying you can fit a giant telescope in... I'm sold. This is exactly what I do with my current SUV. I want that R2. PLEASE start making right hand drive cars and bring it to Australia!
TRAVIS SSCOTTT MADE YOUTUJJBE NOW HAHAHAHA ITWSSS LIT
r3 is giving mkI gti vibes and that is awesome.
I love seeing the CEO look proud whenever marques is talking about how he likes a feature.
R3... The new Lada! 😊 Perfect for Europe!
Look at the excitement and enthusiasm RJ has for these products and features. So inspiring.
I've seen these on the road, and I think they look good. I would like to drive in one. 45 base price. Hmm. I'll see 😊
These are very nice.
Definitely want an R3X
R3X looks good. With normal roof without glass and classical door handles it would look even better.
Does it have dash cam and all around security cam like Tesla
Great video. Wish safety was covered, like roll over propensity and crash test performance
If my WRX wagon craps out and I have enough money… man I would love to get an R3. Looks stunning.
Thanks Robert amd Mkbhd for time and presentation. R3 is a hit, something that can be actually driven in Europe, compared to that bus. God speed Robert! Срећно!
Rivian pls come to Europe 🇪🇺 💪
But will it be profitable?
C'mon RJ. Put Suicide Doors on a few R3X's so we can have a cheap version of the Rolls Royce Cullinan. LMFAO!
I love that they kept stalks. Only thing I would like for them to have is Massage seats but, At the price. You can't complain. Hopefully these sell well. They will make or break the company
The R3 is such a great design which gives off retro vibes in a super modern package. I can't wait for it to release.
if that car comes out at 45k i will go sit down on the toilet and piss up into my own face
This iPhone 15 pro footage looking type crispy.. nice!
Steve, if he didn’t do drugs
This is looking really good!  It just bothers me seeing something that is still years away from being made.  I get it, you need to create interest.  But I want it now!
i wish these babes to come in the UK.
The charge port is on the wrong side, If you want to charge at Tesla Superchargers. Why?
Won’t change my musky cologne for coco rivian.
I'll never give up ICE... But this is getting way closer to replacing my secondary vehicle
Not going to lie, I got so juiced during the event when I thought they were surprising us with a new truck.
R3X is so sexy!
This guy demands to review cars immediately, hope he does do to Rivian what he has done to Fisker.
They should also make a R2T or R2X. Just makes sense honestly
Dang I want an R3.
what camera is MKBHD using for this video?
All the seats fold down.... same thing my 2001 Honda CRV did the same thing..... 😆
okay, who put Temu Steve-O in charge of Rivian?
Charge port should be on the driver’s side. If it’s going to be compatible with Tesla Superchargers, take the last step, avoid charging/parking issues when charging on the road.
Holy shit get the R3 into Europe ASAP. That thing would be a best seller
Every electric car ceo is shaking in their boots knowing what Marques can do with his reviews lol #fisker
Holy shit the interior... you mean, elon's interior design of a large tablet in a cardboard box, can be improved upon!?  who would have guessed!? I mean, if I was a homeless person who lived in a cardboard box, I would feel more at home in a cybertruck... But then I would immediately sell it to a rich cnt and buy food for me and all my bum friends for the rest of our lives...
SEXIEST EV SUV SO FAR... well, except for the VinFast VF3 Mini EV SUV.  So... 2nd sexiest...
lol, was this shot in an elementary school gymnasium?
These look amazing.
Does R2 have parking sensors or a front camera?   I didn't see anything in the grill or below the bumper.
I'd love for one of these to be my first electric vehicle. The level of care and focus on details is amazing/inspiring.
Touch controls should be illegal in moving vehicles, as they cause distracted driving.  Mechanical buttons, knobs and switches only. Save the touch for your phone and tablet.
I'm a little bit in love with the R3, it looks look on old Delta Integrale or GTI. The quirky hatchback market is so dry right now, if they play their cards right that car is a winner.
Such a nice guy
R3 would be a hit in Europe, can't wait to start seeing them in the roads when they release it!
why back right and not back left for the charger?
The seats folding (front too) reminds me of those little japanease vans, like the old Hondas from the 00s
Rivian is exactly what the Tesla Y/X/Cybertruck should have been.  I wish we had many of them in Europe, people would love it
Those are cool. R3 looks great
R3 needs the license plate: GR3MLIN   - seriously though both very cool.  I like the Rivians I've seen but could never get a bead on how successful they're going to be.  These new models should bode well IMHO.
lel thats an electric skoda yeti
R3 looks so cool!
Great video, as always. What I really like on this channel is how all of your video thumbnails are from the front bumper of the vehicle so I don't have to read every title to figure out which model review it is. Please review the 2024 Volvo EX90 and keep up the great work on this platform.
I don't think I've ever seen such scrolling wheels as these ones. They are truly unique!
De fato, a Rivian, acertou no design, se vier para o Brasil fará um grande sucesso, na categoria Premium.
nice try. thats steve O. Cant fool me.
Wow. The base price is kinda cool considering the car.
R3 it is. What a beautiful design!
R3X 👍👏❤
The first thing I thought was “Steve O!”  Then I thought “hmm what if someone else saw it too” and I was not disappointed 😂
I'm sorry but I laughed so hard when he pulled out the trunk cover and said it becomes a seat lmao. I would think it's more comfortable without it since the back of the car acts as a little leg rest
I like how the affordable is still not all that affordable. Maybe in a decade I can get a used one….
Good CEO
do the seats fold down manually or are they battery powered?
Marques!!! XIAOMI SU7 max impressions please 🙏🏼
Rivian has to promise none of their cars will ever have a battery fire.
I like the front end and grill... but we really need to back off on hugh grills and prioritize pedestrian and cyclist saftey with lower front bumpers and hood lines.
Isnt the front very very long? A bit against the trend. And less interior space
looks like a coffin.
love the innovative cars
I love how understated the whole launch and product is. It all seems to work, some great innovations that don't include losing an indicator stalk.
Why smaller the R1s is small af already
Why would manufacturer adoption NACS place the charger port on the back right side... This is going to create problems at Tesla superchargers...
BUY THE STOCK EVERY PAYCHECK
Lmao doesn’t even come out for 2+ years. Frankly who cares lol
What a surprise, you didn’t use a title designed to tank their stock value, you’re nothing but a shill, what goes around comes around!
As a European car owner of a VW Golf thinking about switching to an electric car, the R3/R3X seems super tempting. Best retro design since I've seen since the Peugeot e-Legend. Not sure about the steering wheel dials in the long run though. Let's see if/when it comes to EU and what the prices look like.
Have they fixed the design to where repairs to the rear end dont cost $40k?
Brother, Turkish car TOGG please.
We are just here for the R3. 🎉❤😂
R3 is absolutely stunning, finally a smaller electric car that's not a Tesla.
Im going to be honest.  The surfboard is not what most of us need to fit into a vehicle lol.  I think they are cool EVs but nothing blowing me away with options.  I know that price is going to be bananas.
Dont like electric cars but this ceo makes it interesting to the electric cars progress
seems like the hood is really long for some reason, could probably lose a lot of weight by making it even smaller
My 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo. 435 Mile range, 3 1/2 inch lift kit, A/T tiers, 4.0 straight-6 Engine, 4x4 select trac, 324,355 miles all original, 28 years old, unibody, all metal and steel, runs like a sowing machine, looks brand new, inside and out, Best vehicle I owned, and out lasted 2 of my other cars. This RIVAN.. won’t make it past 120,000 miles, or 10 years, before it gives out, Beautiful vehicle tho, unfortunately won’t last as long as it suppose to. BUILT TO BREAK
I've been a fan of Rivian since they came out, love seeing them on the road. I really hope the R2 and R3 do well, especially at this price point. If I was in the market for an EV, the R3 would be my current first choice
Why on earth would they put the NACS charge port on the wrong side??? Looks interesting otherwise!
I think Rivian is on the right track. These are very practical vehicles that people should swoop up.
I’m a huge Toyota fan and never thought I would consider a different brand but man that R2 is good. Rivian vehicles are really nice
11:11
Nice design
This guy was great on Jackass.
I'm excited by it and I'm on the waiting list. I only wish The R2 had a drop down tailgate, like a Honda Element and pickup trucks. I've owned 3 Elements ( my current one has 182,000 miles) and I'm keeping is because to the drop down tailgate.
What’s the efficiency? R1 is horrible. Charging speed has to be better to compete with Tesla and other emerging players.
Please clean your lenses next time lol
The r2 is a handsome car.  The r3 not so much.
R3 is going to be a smash hit at the right price
Why not just get one from a dealership and rate it outside of the company's reach? Why treat Rivian differently from Fisker?
They need to expand their business into new markets!
The R3X looks sick, definitely a winner.
2026?????????? WHY EVEN TALK ABOUT IT NOW
I know you can make the iPhone footage look better than this
good to see Steve-o doing this well
These evs gotta come out now,I will buy the r2 or r3 cause it's affordable,the 3 row was too expensive to buy for a new company
Not sure why they put the charge port on the passenger side. That's the only thing I don't really agree with since the cables at superchargers aren't that long.
Will get this over a Tesla. I hating Elon musk dumbass mouth.
Is the R2 rear seat a 40/20/40 split? I use the standalone middle seat fold down in our current SUVs for passing our skis through and not having to mess with a box on the roof, so this would be a huge thing for me.
Would love to see a R3R, lowered with racing tires.  😍
R3 better have those folding front seats as well...ALL cars should have those!
We got Tesla with the idea and we get Rivian with the style. I hope to get one one day.
Quality brand, design, functionality, innovation and management; the CEO is will suited with a great manner 👍
Does the car support car play?
Thanks for the nice video. My only question is how easy is it to access the charging port? It looks like you kneeled. Would the flap to open it get in the way? I wouldn’t want to have to squat to plug it in.
Funny how small car in us will be classified as a huge car in any other part of the world
They need to skip R2 and straight to R3!!
Damn ugly exterior.
Anyone see that vid from the paintless dent repair guy a few months back?  His client's Rivian had a fist-sized dent in the right rear, next to the tailgate.  The certified Rivian body shop (only one in the region) quoted him $41,000 (yes, you read that right) to do the repair.  Paintless dude did it for about $5000 and it looked almost perfect.    Don't let your kid drive this car, lest his whole college fund be spent on the repair.
They gonna go bankrupt
Kawasaki Ninja 7 Hybrid Next please!
Electric cars need to drop the front trunk and just add more battery there and add 200 miles to the range
That R3 and R3X are absolutely beautiful
R3 or R3X (depending on how significant the price difference is) looks fucking rad. Really dig the lines, the more compact everyday driveability, the colorway (particularly on the R3X), and the more reasonable price tag. Definitely enjoying what Rivian is doing here.
Incoming R2D2 badges
I thought Steve O was making but hot sauce??? No his making electronic vehicles??
He thought the R3 glass was automatic or what?
That's a ugly a$$ car
It's nice to know since I can't afford a house, I can just buy this car and spend the rest of my days in there.
Utter garbage - overpriced garbage at that. Congrats to Honda on their new vehicles  LOL
Overall the R2 is a very nice looking vehicle, I wish it well and hope it comes out ahead of schedule. The CHARGE PORT is on the RIGHT SIDE WHICH IS THE WRONG SIDE THE RIGHT SIDE IS THE LEFT SIDE. IF you want to access the Tesla chargers the charge port NEEDS TO BE ON THE LEFT REAR otherwise the cord does not reach unless you take up two spots. The R3 is styled just like a 80's Honda Civic but with the R1 face, kinda retro. I do hope that some attention too repairability has been done. The R1s rear quarter panel is $30,000. To repair from a shopping cart dent, or a tree branch, this is unacceptable,  and makes insuring one much too costly too own.
Very nice car
It's incredibly refreshing to see a CEO who is actually qualified and passionate about their product. The guy has a lifelong passion for cars and got a doctorate in mechanical engineering from MIT. You can tell both of those facts from the way he talks about his cars in this video. Incredible how passion can translate over a video. Got a customer out of me, and surely out of many others.
I can picture the R2 parked in my driveway. However, am I the only one who thinks it's too soon to call Rivian an "iconic" brand? Don't get me wrong, I love the brand and what they are doing, but it takes time to earn the iconic label.
The r2 is the trim I was waiting for from Rivian
Sooooo, that's not Steve-O???
Was going to write a joke about Steve-O stepping up from his jackass days but I got beat to it by hundreds of better comments
R3 is Dodge Omni done right!
Bluetooth speaker could still be a thing if they incorporated it into the flashlight. _Wild idea_ but the speaker in the car door could have a fastening mechanism which interacts with pogo pins, and those _same_ pogo pins could be incorporated into the flashlight. The flashlight could also have a lower-power red mode, incorporate SOS features and be attached to the removable driver-side speaker so the speaker via the flashlight can broadcast an emergency message.  If this theoretical flashlight used RGBW diodes, then the Bluetooth flashlight / speaker combo unit could have a fun party mode thing which cycles through colours and effects by default. The RGB components of this diode pack would lean toward a cooler white temperature, while the white diode would lean toward a warmer white temperature, and come together to form a pleasant neutral white.
It's like they hacked my dreams and made the car I always wanted
R3 looks so good
Wait til the fisker ocean hears the rivian r2 stole its glove compartment
What I need to hear about is easier access to the 12 volt battery charge port.  Just in case.
I love the front seats folding flat, I can carry lumber lumber that way. Jeep Cherokee was the only car that had that front folding seat feature, I really miss it. the Rivian R2 will be my first EV, I have no doubt. R1 too expensive for me, but the R2 will replace will my current Subaru Forester. I'm in investor in Tesla, but their cars aren't rough and tough enough for me - too techy.
This is Steve-O's opposite brother.
I had a 62 Pontiac Bonneville 289 4 barrel which could fold down the front bench and when moved back lined up with the folded back seat and made a nice bed. Used it to go into the mountains when I was stationed at Fitzsimons Army Hospital in Denver 1969-early 71.
R3 looks like Russian SUV Niva from 70s. It’s pretty tho 😀
I for one am excited about R3.... dependent on size: Anyway to get a spec on rear cargo space with the middle row folded down?  Thanks!
I cant wait to get my R2 in Rivian Blue :)
The Retrowave x Vapowave + Modern minimalist design drives me crazy omg i need to buy this
Ok Marques please use professional cameras from now on for this channel, the quality of this video was horrible
Did you guys talk about curb weight on the different configurations? and what about towing capacity?
Did you guys talk about curb weight on the different configurations? and what about towing capacity?
This is a guy who absolutely does not want the fisker treatment
I love these cars but I still think they're just too long. I hope we get to the point of a Rivian hatchback the size of a Honda Fit
I hate the headlights.
I would love a 2 door R2T
could have better design choices, nothing very innovative . I would get a model x over this 10/10 times
slightly embarssed that I screamed 45?!?! when they said the price of the R2..... yeaaaaaa I'm getting that
R3.....Yugo is that YOU. 🤔
Had this muted initially, really couldn't wrap my head around why Steve-O had moved into automobile manufacturing.  What a trip.
10:04 this off course will not be used for 'camping experiences" rather as a home for all the people who live in Silicon Valley and cannot afford it and for those who are going to be laid off because of AI taking their jobs. So ultimately this vehicle needs some solar panels. for the increase in number of those living in their cars.
The R3X color scheme is CRAZY, I want it immediately. Hopefully the price will be revealed soon.
The R3 looks incredible. I might have to pick one up.
The R3 looks great, finally some smart car maker that isn't just going SUV sized cars. It reminds me of the oldschool VW Golf
Love these! I would get R2 or R3 really, leaning towards R2 right now. I really like that Rivian is coming down-market so that more people can afford them. Very cool cars!
I love Rivian. I can’t wait for these to come out
I love their philosophy of keeping the experience similar for smaller models. Way too often, car companies only give their largest models the cool features.
i just bought some stock
I love everything about these cars. this is what real design looks like. Teslas are glorified golf carts.
Havent been excited about a car in a while but these look beautiful
ngl the screen seemed veryyy responsive lol and the software reminds me alot of android (espeically from the pixeL)
hes giving elon musk vibes
R3 is amazing. When are we getting them in Europe?
R3X #FTW - I love the crossover styling with elements of Lancia Delta Integrale & Mk1 Golf.  These will sell like crazy when Rivian comes to Europe (now mentioned on their website 👍)
Hongqi E-HS9 review when?
Does R2/R3 have the built in air compressor? I love that feature on my R1
I love these... wow I want one :)
This is nice😊
Marcus that guy reminds me of superman 🤣
Yeah bish, yeah bish im with steve-o
I could see inadvertently hitting those wheels on the steering wheel.
Beautiful seeing a CEO (Steve O - best comment btw 😂) smiling and being so proud of their work, compared to e.g. the Humane tech CEO... The excitement is contagious
All the seat down with a clear roof at night. Best night camping ever
“Nacs”😂
I hope there’s a plan for these to come to Australia 🇦🇺 🥹
Are they profitable as a company yet?
Looks like an ocean
I love the design of this model, but I still have one minor complaint. I can't stand the headlights. They make it look like a bug. It's such a nice design overall but those headlights throw me off
I hope they make an R3T!!
Rivians are awesome but I hate the styling on the front. Just doesn't do it for me
Ugliest car made to date. Cant believe people buy this garbage😂
The R2 stands for 2 glove boxes
WHY DID THEY PUT THE CHARGE PORT THERE! how do you not ask him that.
❤️‍🔥
Electric cars make me sick 🤢.   I wonder how much is it to replace the battery 🔋
finally... something that looks better than a Tesla. Hyped for the R3, except I'm sure it will be pricey.
Shame it’s shorter than a model y. If it was a little longer it would be about perfect
Is this the first non Tesla with NACS built in?
I heard they designed this before the more expensive models and it’s oldish tech
what's with the flairs! looks like finger prints on camera lens.
And people will still buy a tesla lol
You should clean your cell lens next time.
I’m lowering the R3
Steve-N faced ahhh
Front Seats Flat - Yes. All Honda Element owners who have been waiting for an EV version. This is close. Had front seats folding flat in 2013
If Cristiano Ronaldo and Steve-O had a baby.
Please change your camera! 😵😵😵😵😵😵
why not put the charge port on the driver side rear?
what is that microphone from?
I'm here for the R3 all the way. Can you ask the ceo when the deposit for R3 is available because I'm about to throw money at him.
This guy looks like steve-o got an MBA
Ohhhh, I think this might an option soon.
Vaporware
this dude engages in such a unique way, and is such a natural conversationalist..
Back right charge port with NACS? What were they thinking? That conflicts with Teslas left side.
The infotainment system kinda looks like old GTA loading screen graphics lol. I like it
Congrats on getting the scoop!
Please Rivian, make a hot hatch instead of another SUV! The R3X is so close but entirely too high off the ground.
I love the R3, it's going to be a great competitor in the marketplace.
RJ would make a great superman, don't you think?
The only thing that kills me is the charge port location.  Just match Tesla's location already.  It's going to take YEARS for Rivian to build out their network.  Tesla is opening up.  Move the charge port location so the future use at Tesla stations aren't a cluster.
Having all the seats fold down and the back glass be able to lift independently is genius. I wish Tesla’s had those features as well.
Will they be able to mass produce these profitably?
99% of comments - LOL CEO LOOKS LIKE STEVE-O  Okay we get it... he looks like fricken steve-o
The power out window's scream Ford. Daddy Ford is pleased
I really want one of these. That's amazing drop from Rivian.
This wasnt my target vehicle, but this absolutely nails it. Once I finish school, this will be my first new vehicle purchase for myself. So many of these vehicles are massive, but a 5-seater is perfect. The packaging is excellent, and the haptic wheel controller is genius.
This is such a good company I can't wait to see what else they come up with! 🙌🏼
Wow, thanks for giving the less than 1% of owners who camp in their cars the ability to put a full size mattress in. Way better than putting the charger on the left rear, a feature we only use everyday. Perfection.
The new models are interesting. The only major equipment I have is to the location of the charge port to be on the passenger side which will make it difficult to use the Tesla superchargers. This is stupid in my opinion.
It’s a missed opportunity to not put the charge port back left. I heard Rivian’s explanation and I do not agree.  Love the car and wish them success.
NGL - this video felt boring and rambly.
good to see a more streamlined/thought-out design vs R1 (that cross-section "storage tunnel" felt like an oversight), though the steering wheel knobs are terrible. not as bad as touch controls but my god, designers need to stop prioritizing new & shiny over utility & safety.
Hm.. If You are using NACS - why don't you place a charger at a Tesla's side? In this implemention Rivian again will use two Tesla parking spots. Hm.
When I initially heard of R1, I was under the impression R2 will be upgraded version of R1 and so on.  Naming convention is bit confusing (higher the number, lower the trim). I hope they'll come up with names instead of numbers.
https://youtu.be/Pt3hkv0ELvw?si=pFDGAFf9S5rm5Jyp
CEO shut up and take my money 💸! Also, don't f*ck it up like Fisker Ocean, and can you make it available sooner like 2025, please! 🙏
Can you do auto focus shot on 24 ultra
Towing capacity??
Wonderful car! They shall make it in China! With China's manufacture capability, Sino-America together can make money from all the other world!
I love this new R2 and R3! R2 has an amazing compact size for a decent SUV.  R3, definitely gives an amazing touch of old car design, but new! That new steering wheel and software UI looks awesome. I'm way more excited about Rivian than Tesla overall! I hope Rivian gets a bigger infrastructure soon for more accessible charging stations all over the country (not only main cities), with good supply to body shops to make services more affordable, so the car price tag wouldn't be the only concern on consumers budget.
Rivian is really growing on me. CEO is a breath of fresh air as well. I would get any of these cars in a heartbeat.
want one so bad! ever since i saw one for the first time. really happy about these different sizes/prices
do the seats go down on all 3 of them?
Can you do an  update video on your R1T
Whyyyyy use NACS and put the charger on the passenger side? You want to win Tesla owners, don't make them move their chargers!
R3 is cuuuutteeee
If there isnt am easter egg with r2-d2s voice i dint want it
$45k for r2 is a decent price, but we really need under $40k in order to be competitive & justifiable
you can now lay down and drive!
Isn't the charge port the wrong side to use a supercharger?
Disappointed
I dont like the high front. We are trying make big cars have sloped fronts because it dramatically improves the survivability of being hit by one but they all keep designing trucks with these big flat fronts that hit you like a hammer.
so proud of that little seat
Why not put the charger port on the left? What's the point in having NACS is you can't use it at a super charger because the cord is too short to reach?
R3 and R3X is not gonna pass regulation with that rear hatch and placement of lights.  No stationary lights on frame when door is open.
The controls on the steering wheel are actually quite incredible and unique
Does the R3 have brake lights on the rear bumper?  if not, how does that rear light bar comply with DOT.. not having brake lights on trunk lids.  Asking because I really don't want it to change.. it looks great as is.
FAR more interested in R3 than R2. Wish it would be a higher priority than R2.
I am excited Marques! 😂
RJ is so hot.
r3 looks cool but the rear badge is ridiculous
R3X is everything I've wanted. Can't wait
R3x FTW!
Are the headlights adaptive? I hate that my Tesla 3 blinds everyone else on the road. Sorry y'all! Wish there was another option.
Next time walk with Elon and review the roadster..  side by side..
Love that it comes in green!
I reserved the shit out of that R2. Can’t wait.
That R3X is calling my name. 🙌🔥🔥🔥🙌
So nice to see that Steeve O has been getting lip fillers and brushing his teeth lately.
I love that the front seats fold down. I wish more affordable cars did that 😭😭
I love the open leg space up front. It's the Mini Van Dad in me, can't stand full consoles in the leg well
R3 gives Lada Niva vibes.
The rear looks sick
My favorite company for paying stock shares. This company is the future !
Forget to clean your cameras?
R3X is the coolest looking EV in my opinion
That r2 is awesome. Like a bronco and tesla had a baby
$45,000 just for the base doesn't make it more accessible. That's still far out of the reach of most entry level new car buyers.
Give me an R3 NOW. Rivian has to survive the next two years PLEASE
but are you still losing 30-40k per car built, if so just stop the insanity.
that glass on the top should be optional
Can't wait until these come to Sweden, looks amazing and RJ seems like the perfect mascot / spokesperson for Rivian, unlike other CEO's around. Really hope they make it big in the EV space.
When does the R2D2 version get released???
I know you have to call that R3 a crossover for it to sell to the NPC masses, but it really just seems like a retro styled lifted hatchback (like Volvo crosscountry versions). This thing will have a huge enthusiast crowd.
I work in the factory, and I'll tell ya what most people I work with put in a reservation for the R2, and a lot of us wish we could put one in for the R3X.
R2 vs Model X vs EV9  ? I can't decide! They are all good.
R3x looks like it's made to go rally.....😊
I placed my reserve and can't wait to get it in a few years.
Great review, shame your lent is dirty causing ghosts on the video when the light reflects...
Damn, why can't everyone else make cars that aren't designed to kill children and other pedestrians
Tesla hasn't been innovating much at all lately. I mean tech-wise, they still are. Like steer by wire, 48v low voltage architecture, the 800v battery splitting to 400v for quicker 400v charging, among other things.   But when it comes to useful features you'll be using the vehicle for, Tivian is way ahead. The model y is a good crossover, but it is nothing more than s bloated model 3 with a hatchback. All of rivians vehicles have something special about them that other cars don't have. While the only features tesla has that other cars don't, is how much of the car is just a computer on wheels. But rivian actually puts effort into blending hardware with software.  I really hope rivian succeeds in being profitable. If they're gonna stay around, they need to be profitable.
i want an R3 please
Charge port is in the wrong location for Tesla Superchargers, otherwise this looks like a great design
Give me 2 door version of R3x
R3 & R3x are looking like retro cars.
Looks like a good size for the EU Market 👍
Im loving them making “smaller” vehicles, even if theyre still not very small at all. Either way, makes for a much safer, real world friendly car that doesnt damage the roads like bigger cars do. I know electric cars weigh so much because of the batteries so id rather these be out than the big ones
Camping in the car? Rivian simply keeps homeless Rivian owners in mind! Amazing.
absolutely hated this type of format. Next time, please ask your crew to hold the camera.
God the R3X is so rad...
11:00 Don't call it a crossover!! Call it a hatchback please!!!
Don't get moving charging port to the back right side, why not to match Tesla's position for a more convenient charging on superchargers stations?
No one cares about electric vehicles anymore. This is a joke.
I'm just going to go ahead and say it. For the first time ever, if someone says "Tesla killer???", it may not actually be clickbait. Phenomenal job, Rivian.
I passionately hate car infrastructure and everything about it --- but these interpretations of railless inefficient microtrains actually appeal to me. Goog job Rivian...
I really love the direction they are going, but I dislike the hood, for a smaller car it should have more visibility. Looks like it would feel like a truck, but knowing Rivian, that's probably a good idea for sales so I get it
Tata nexon please
This rivian suv is nice but the auto industry is so competitive that even good products can still get lost in the shuffle especially with historic/iconic brands with better infrastructure now making electric vehicles but it's unique look should help.....
I need to know when we can reserve the r3
This is what Tesla should have done
The complete opposite of how fisker interacted with him
Why the charge point on the right side which is the wrong side, not the left side which is the right side?
RIP knees in a crash. Its like an old kneecapper valiant, looked like only a few inches between your knees and the dash. And christ the glass roof looks like a nightmare, bring it to OZ and see how long the interior lasts in the sun.  Sorry to be negative nancy but this just isnt tingling my balls tbh
We need another Porsche video!!
R3 could be a massive hit. I absolutely love it, we need more small cars that are not hyper expensive
I remeber you have said on your fisker review that you are only review the  cars who consumers already driving them. this car yet to produced . why are contridicting your self . ff
What phone did you use to record inside the cabin ?
Why do I hear Elon? 😂
Big Interview Getter! nice Mark
I am not someone who gets hyped on electric vehicles, but these rivians are on point, would for sure get the R2
Yeap yeap yeap
R3 reminds me more of a hatch back/ large mini cooper. And I’m not mad at that
passenger side NACS is lunacy...why would you not match the tesla location??
As a Mk7 GTI owner, I ADORE the design of the R3 and R3X.
Quick someone send this video to Fisker so they can see what a competent media product roll out strategy looks like
R3 is gonna sell like crazy.
Love the Rivian line. Great things coming from them.
Excellent video
Ass
Why is the NACS port on the rear left instead of rear right to conform to Tesla Superchargers?  Should have asked the Rivian CEO.
shoutout to a company that understands the value of a creator such as Marques. totally makes me more interested in a rivian.
Add a built in XT-60 solar charge port!!! That would be siiiiiick!!!
i want steveo's reaction too this video
Soon as I seen the CEO, I was soooooo relieved when I saw the comments! LMAO
Best advertising you can get.
I don’t normally care much for the EV market but I’m not gonna lie… I REALLY like that R3X lol. I have a GTI currently and the design of the R3 gives off the vibes of an 80’s hatchback and I love it. The Tri Motor is just icing on the cake
The R3 looks amazing. I kinda feel like the VW id2.all already lost.
God I'm so happy they kept the turn signal stalk LOL
Wish I could get the R3X right now tbh 🫣
So proud of Steve O for getting and staying off the sauce.  😅
Good stuff for not saying 'tesla adapter'
R3X the MiniCooper from the future!!
Is there a model without an all glass roof😂
Looks like an ugly fisker ocean.
i'm sorry but the grill on the Rivians are fugly.
lol i thought that was Steve O at first.
9:31 Not seen before, Volvo 25 years ago (folding front seat)
Not really a EV fan, but I like what I see from Rivian.
RJ brings a very refreshing CEO energy. Just a nice, innovative respectful leader.
Can you fix a sheet of 4’ x 8’ plywood?
Why would the USBC on the back of the passenger seat be so high up ?
As a 5 year Tesla owner, the R2 is the biggest thing since the Model Y. They won't be able to make them fast enough. However, the charge port on the right side is a complete miss on so many levels. Rivian can not survive without the Tesla network. There is a reason they went to the NACS. To not put the charge port on the correct (left) side is a bad move and part of me thinks they did it just to be opposite of Tesla. They need to embrace the Tesla SC network and make sure their cars work well with them.
Dangit.....now I REALLY want the R3.
Do the refresh polestar 2 performance!
RJ looks like Clarc Kent, he’s a car building superman
Why? I don't understand why do all other EVs from Tesla place the charge socket in the 'wrong' place if they plan to use the Tesla charge network. Did they do it on purpose and what is the reason for this? So annoying!
Steve-O's younger brother
Wagoneer range Rover
Despite all of the negativity out there, hoping for this company to succeed!
Man that front’s gotta be one of the ugliest ever made. Looks like Homer designed it at the age of 5.
Volvo/Jeep-ish
What about the elephant in the room. The ghost R2T or R3T. Pickup drivers want to know!
Put on the NACS but on the wrong side, busting my balls guys.
Not sure if this was already answered. Any spare tire compartment?
Gorgeous. All 3 of them. BZ Rivian!!!
You're too young Marques, but there was a phase where they started calling cars "people movers" and honestly, that's such a great name for this new breed of vehicles coming out, like the R2, R3, VW ID, and other small "around town" EVs
I could see Honda doing another Badge Swap import on those R3's. The hot hatch cross over is very stylish!
Looks like the size of the Ford Maverick.
Im really glad they added NACS but why put it on the passenger side?
Fantastic review..I'm kinda sad that my Audi lease ends this year and it puts me in a precarious position. I won't be able to hold out  😢
How well does it handle 3-4 feet of water? Does the battery explode? Serious question.
9:57 FOLD FLAT FRONT and rear!👍
Time to get rid of the iPhone and go back to the RED
Rivian is definitely my fav EV right now! Thanks Marques for always bringing the greatest and latest with transparency!!!
Is it me or do white Rivians look like Snoopy dog on wheels?
Looks really good! I like Rivian a lot. The R3 gives me a lot of early VW Golf GTI vibes - and that's a good thing. Absolutely love it!
I thought that in the US brake lights had to be fixed in place when the tail gate was open. How would the R3 work in the US when the tail light bar doesn't extend to the sides and completely goes up with the door?
I love the placement of the USB-C in the back. Means it won't get whacked and broken.
Listen, it's refreshing to see the CEO of an EV company not be a total psychopath.
Such boring cars.
*Absolutely insane to see the transformation of Steve-O over the years. Glad he's happy, healthy, and doing great things at Rivian! Congrats!*
Would never consider R1 or R2, but R3 looks like it could be interesting.
These look seriously impressive. Also...am I the only one who thinks RJ looks like Clark Kent? Apparently he's playing Superman to Elon Musk's Lex Luthor...
Will R2 be the first non-Tesla machine hitting the streets with a NACS?
With the NACS and moving the charge ports, why not put them at the rear LEFT like the Teslas, making it even easier to use the superchargers?
Enjoy 😍
My wife and I reserved 2 of these maybe 1.5 mins into the presentation. The 531km range on the dual motor AWD, and a more-affordable entry price were the big sellers.
Take my money now
R3X "further down the road"....  will Rivian even be around then? Between Tesla and the major Chinese EV manufacturers, there's going to be lots of EV makers struggling to survive over the next 5-10 years
The Rivian R2/R3 is styled so closely to a Mk1 VW Golf/Rabbit. All the main angles of the bodyshell are virtually the same.
Good old  Dodge Omni came back to life.
But why does it have the side profile of mk2 golf?
R2's charging port location is kinda low
R3 looks dope, ngl
Why is the charging port on the rear right instead of the rear left like on a Tesla? Wouldn’t this create issues at superchargers considering Teslas have their port on the left?
really interesting how you review this car compared to Fisker. I recommend all viewers to look at the Fisker reveiw and if this all is very  professionell !?!?! make your own mind! it seems very  unobjective to me
Do they have Air suspensions?
This is more appealing to the European and Oceanic markets and it looks much better as a smaller size
MKBHD has fully transitioned to being a car guy
the CEO is so scared to host Marqeese, like he fears the potential bancrupcy result of a negative review.
Can you make some videos on Electric Motor Bikes or any bike in general
I guess it is cool, but the one thing that grinds my gears about this car that this design is coming from his big brother which was revealed in 2017. So the design is kinda old, and what you get with that is that you buy a new car, but it immediately feels outdated.
R3,x looks like inspired by maruti Suzuki 800
Blink twice if you are held hostage.
Sign me up for the R3X... just need it in RHD!
Why does he look a bit like Steve O?
The R3 looks like a larger Version of the Golf I and II...and it would perfectly fit to European Customers. A Hatchback and not a big fat Car/SUV, which do not fit into european Cities.
while the R2 is the star of this video, personally, the R3 is the most interesting for me of all Rivian's plans. Like small, hatchback rear, flipper glass, and COMES IN SEA FOAM GREEN? im sold!
A reveal should be for a vehicle available in that same year not 2-1/2 years later
When is this coming to Australia? Obviously with  left hand drive.
When I get my prompt engineer money I’m getting an R3X
Ok... can we please get a standard where charger ports, and even gas caps, are on the driver's side of the car? What ONE seat in a vehicle is /guaranteed/ to have someone in it... the driver's seat!
I wanna hear Sandy Munro talk about teo glove boxes ...
No buttons, switches or dials. No thank you. Accidents waiting to happen.
Those head lights look bad.
R3 has lots of throwback Golf/GTI vibes
R1. Is the Chevy Tahoe of the future  R2. Is the Ford Explorer of the future  R3. Subaru of the future.   I love it!  ❤
One question you forgot to ask and  should ask every automotive company is: Will they ever get into the 48 Volt architecture?
Reserved mine 👍 looking forward to the adventure
Steve-O looking fresh
His voice. Could be a movie villain
Help-me with litlle money for buy a car😢
Now if Rivian could just add dealers in all of the states such as Pennsylvania that would be great.
Why is camping and outdoor capable marketing being shoved in our faces for the last 5 years? 80% of Americans live on flat terrain, drive to work every day and don't camp in cars even when it is $100K
Come to Australia please rivian
I'm happy to see the NACS on the R2 but it seems like it would be hard to charge at a Tesla charging station since the charge port for the R2 is on the passenger side.
I love the comment #ShotOniPhone15Pro in the description.
Its nice cars, but whats the point of building new EV vehicles when people aren't buying cars these days due to expenses? I dont understand... People arent buying lots of EVs. they buy hybrid when they have money plus most middle class to poor don't want to invest on cars because its expensive and debt....
Great review, impressed of the audio from the m2 mic
Electric isn’t the future. Who would want to be restricted to 300 miles and then have to wait 13 hours to ALMOST fully charge it? Not practical at all. Hybrid is more reasonable. But fully? Hell no. But 9/10 on the looks, that’s all it got going for it
I'd be interested in a diesel version
I really hope the R3 comes to the UK and Europe 🙏
Did he say the R3 is lowered priced than the R2?
Why would they move the NACS to the right when the Tesla Superchargers need the plug on the left side of the car?  That seems like a big miss.  Or am I missing something?  I also just reserved one.  Seems really cool. Thanks for a great video, as always!
This CEO is awesome. No BS spin over promising.
Front seats going down is a game changer!
Rivian is about to be my new house ❤
what a beautiful car !!!!
That R3 might actually have me looking past that fugly front for the Rivian
Nice, an electric Niva
Why does Revian think you need handlers to review R2?  Isn't that robbing the reviewer of independence and short-selling the audience?
Let him test it....we ALL CAN SEE IT DANG
I have driven Rivians, awesome car but The brake regen I found really aggressive at the lowest setting I guess I just need to get used to it
Rivian should hire Henry Fisker as CEO designer. So much money they invest to come out with car that look like a toy car.
Real cool to see the C.E. Steve-O in person
Omg... it look like the Fisker Ocean One ugly version...
Very impressed with the R3. imagine a lowered, R3 "R" being a sportive version like the golf R. Potential to be a great hot hatch.
Love this car! The Rivian CEO are awesome, very nice energy!
CEO made sure MKBHD doesn't say anything bad about the car 😂
Rivian has grown on me.
I'm in love with the R3, I think I'm gonna make it my first EV
Steve-O designs cars now?
Please bring the small models to Europe.  They are beautiful!
The CEO has the charisma of a paper bag...but the product looks great.
This video quality tho...
do the vw idbuzz
I love the R3X!  Wish I could put a deposit down on one today.  Would make a great second vehicle commuter
i hope they dont sell many. loosing 240k/car must hurt them alott every sale
If Rivian wants to be around, they are going to have to do something.  Tesla and the Chinese are nothing to play with.  R2. R3 looks like spin-offs of two of my liked vehicles Nitro, and Omni.
So happy to see Rivian put out new more affordable products.  One thing I don't see people talk about is the decision to place the chargeport where they did (rear passenger side).  I understand reducing the HV cable run to save costs, but why not place it rear driver side to make it more accessible at Superchargers?  Owners of these cars will have to take up two parking stalls at a Supercharger because charge cables are short and can only reach a port that is located front passenger or rear driver side.
What a hideous car. Absolute horrendous design. Rivian is one of the startup car companies that will not make it. Same for Lucid, Fisker and a whole bunch of Chinese manufacturers.
you should collab with MKBHD sometime
Not so much hands-on, but rather "Rivian R2/R3 Guided Tour with Tour Guide Rivian's CEO"
Going to wrap mine as R2D2
RJ is a different line of CEOs. Love it.
the R3X looks so cool. like a little electric rally car lol
Scroll wheels inspired by Tesla! Good job RJ!!
Did you shoot this on an iPhone?
Love the R3
I love Rivian!  The R2 could be a real competitor to the Model Y, I really hope it comes to mass production.  But priority right now is to get Rivian navigate 2024 unscathed and do not go bankrupt!
If Apple made a car, it would be so Rivian like. That UI.. the haptics come of as very iPod-esque, even the bloc/round design.
I don't get why they wouldn't put the charging port on the back left when they had the opportunity. That's going to make charging on the V3 network a total crap shoot!
@Fisker this is how you do a proper showcase of your vehicle offerings.
I love that CEO!
Why after adapting to NACS would you have charge port engineered on the back right side of the car?
I wish apple bought rivian
I Love Rivian and RJ is the car maker prototype that humanity should embrace!!
Yeah I live downtown so I hate large vehicles. R3 seems like it would fit someone like me that wants a small vehicle but also the option of driving to a bike trail. R3, Model Y, Mustang are all too large.
r3 rear: Gremlin?
Why are you recording with your phone😂 and you have expensive cameras😂..  Let us use phone, so we can have difference with you.
The R3 seems incredible.
Please clean your lens before filming. I expect more from you really.
I can't ignore the fact that he looks like Steve-O
10:00 the uk had the austin maxi in 1969 that all seats folded flat and turned into a camp bed
Why is the NACS on the back right vs left?
Is the back seat of the R3 good for a tall person as the one in the R2?
Why put the NACS charger at the back right and not left? If owners have access to Teslas charging network placing it on the left would have made more sense.
Every about this company gives me a positive vibe including the CEO. Rooting for them to succeed!
I appreciate Marques and the channel for what they are but let's not pretend that this a neutral "first impressions" review when the CEO is present. It's more of an infomercial and in line with the "tech boosterism" or "tech enthusiast" nature of the channel. Other reviewers do a better job of providing a more neutral and balanced approach. This same approach extends to all the other tech MKBHD reviews. If I want a neutral "pluses and minuses" approach, I look elsewhere. Still, the boosterism has it's own appeal, which is why I'm a subscriber. Keep up the good work.
one ugly car
RJ, these designs are hits right out of the ballpark.  I recommend that you prioritize R3 ASAP.  With the right price, that car is a winner for so many different market segments, right down to what has been abandoned by the Bolt withdrawal from the market.  The "hot hatch" crowd will love it with a tri-motor chassis, while people looking for a small practical less expensive SUV will too.  You are guiding your company to be one of the new "big three" auto companies of the electric era.  I wish you and your company the best.
bye-bye Land Rover... such a shame they have been slow since the iPace
Back and Left charge port would have been perfect
Dressed just like Steve-O from Jackass 😆
The Skoda signature umbrella in the door is more useful than a flashlight, but still, Rivian copied that really well. But to name it signature, is a step too far when clearly someone else is already doing it.
It seems alright, but man is it ever an ugly car lol
I love the Rivian R2 it looks Ike a R1S the suv one but this time it looks like the little brother of the older brother of R1S. But the little brother of R2.
I am sure that you have a better camera. Why don't you use that on this channel as well?
But can you lock the glove boxes? Seriously an obnoxious trend, deleting lockability of the glove box on modern cars. Do the rear seats have cup holders anywhere?
Does the R2 have a rear wiper?
RJ - I’m sure every time someone charges the R2 their hands will get muddy. Think about moving the charging port up if not moving it to the driver side too
You should stop recording with an iPhone the lights artefacts are quite bad and the colors are mediocre. Makes the video difficult to eatch
Fall-in-love with R3 back design immediately , but front is still deal breaker for me.
Currently own a model Y but would love to give the R1 a try
who is buying this shit?
If the R3X actually comes to market, they have my money.
Never ever tell another man ' lets jump in the back seat ' thats reserve for females only ...just saying
0:42 if that brake light alignment was on a Tesla everybody would be screaming jow 😂
Thank you, thank you. The best walk thru!
honetsly kind of amazing that the CEO was in a car review
R3 = Fiat Panda?
As usual so thoughtful in your interviews, identifying key features most people would ordinarily miss. RJ and the Rivian team will have great success with these lineup.
"timeless design" (has no physical buttons on the dash)
I'm really looking forward to R3X.
R3 looks like a pinto, or that car from Waynes world and im here for it
R3x ❤
C pillar looks a little thick on the R2.
Do the backseat lantern lights turn off or is it perpetually blinding you
Am I correct in thinking when the R3’s tailgate is open, there’s no red taillight to let drivers see it in the dark?
When does the D2 models come out to join the R2’s? 🥸🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Why you're holding the camera?
Steve-o
thanks for the video! nice colors, refreshing. if thinking of bringing to japan,car size is always a concern here but the folding seats as a feature is strong because its a trend here for people to stay in their cars while camping. The car can address needs for the outdoor market. foreign cars here are usually just luxury and for show but would love to see a practical foreign electric car.
Hotweels irl, especially that r3x
Kinda looks like a shorter Jeep Wagoneer from the side
Steve-O is Rivians CEO?
.
The next model better be D2!
Looks awesome
What a top guy RJ comes across as. Fave CEO, company and vehicles
Man can't wait for Rivian R2 to come to Europe. Hope the prices are not too high. And hope they make dealerships across all Europe not only west Europe.
I want one
Heh
It’s Jeff goldblum from Independence Day 😱😱😱😱
fluff piece, especially with the CEO right there, but for someone with real integrity, that would be the best time for feedback, constructive criticism, etc.   that being said, Rivian's are great, and i wanna see them succeed.
R3 looks so cyberpunk 2077
everyone already said it but there is no way my man does not get called Steve-O anytime he walks outside
Auto makers should adjust the width of the rear seats to fit 3 car seats. That “suv” looks like a clown car if you ask me. No room for 3 full size adults or car seats…
The R3 is smaller than the Kia eSoul! Wow, that is so cool. If they make it, It will be a smash hit in Europe. Cant wait.
If Tesla Cyber is considered "ugly" by some and beautiful by others,this thing is the ugliest truck probably ever made.plus the quality does not look good either.The back door does not align properly with the body...There must far more than that.
I hate the face! Why, why, why?
This is just Steve-O who made different choices.
Perfect models to conquer europe, great job Rivian! I live in France, and I think they fit our market perfectly, especially the R3
I think the R2 looks better than the R1S actually.
the camping style full fold downs.. don't know if I would ever use.. but its very cool. I hope they get the R3X out quicker than it sounds... looks great with the wider features.
looks ugly and i cant afford it
Anyone else is thinking why the lens is not clean or is it just me?
I love the additions in the Rivian lineup as they are trying to put as many buyers as possible into their vehicles by  varying income means.I hope those tax breaks are still intact when I’m ready to purchase one.I really love the R2 so that one is one on my short list of electric vehicles.
Rivian's ceo is a great guy; and the brand is so cool
Is this guy an engineer like Mechanical engineer or CS graduate? How come he is so popular?
Rivian ❤
the front is just ugly which spoils what is a reasonably nice-looking vehicle.
love to see rivian stepping up their game with these cars, just a masterclass in design. cant wait to see these on the road!
Stevo made a Lada
R3 looks great. Hopefully by the time I’m in the market to actually be able to justify an EV there will be an even smaller hatchback available.
That R3... Should have straight up called it Rivian Niva
Finally an electric Lada Niva !!
I wanna see a full size 7 foot bed rivian pickup
Cool car, but is there any reason why the front needs to be so long when there's no engine there? I feel like it should be half a foot shorter.
dang it now i gotta delay buying an ev for r3?
Beautiful
Oh man I need an R3X. By the time they release I'll be new car shopping and the charging grid should be improved...sign me up!
That wasn’t a seat in the trunk 🤷🏾 but nice try. 😂😂😂
Tesla better watch out, their days are numbered...
옷 지퍼 손잡이에 한글로 "끊임없는 추구"라는 글귀가 인상적이네요. constant pursue....
I'm now a fan. This will be our first Rivian... wifey wants one. Will be a Rivian + Tesla family
Can't afford it. Its still cheaper to keep my F150 2001 and worsts case scenario i can live out of it.
Steve-O ?
Houses are so expensive that carmakers are keeping in mind that you mind end up sleeping in you car soo enough
I love this. R3 & R3X are a beauty
Does the sun roof close? In Texas summers that sun will beat down and burn you
The usually bs review
When will thesafety testing be released?
It's great that the company is bringing down the price of the vehicle, but I must point out it's still not a truck.
So thats not Steve O?
So how exactly are they going to sell these at the advertised price while not losing money on each one produced like is currently happening with their much more expensive vehicles? There is a reason their stock only goes down...
I’m a Tesla owner and love it.  But these smaller R2 and maybe R3 I would consider. But I will say these are very nice. I like them a lot. Sucks they don’t have the speaker.
Cool to have NACS plug, but shouldn’t it be on Driver’s Side? For convenience, and not blocking spaces with TESLA Super Charging network.??
I wonder what was keeping them from putting the charge port on the driver side rear? If it was there, you'd be able to charge at any supercharger but where it is here you'll still be stuck taking multiple spots.  I don't understand why other automakers arent placing these ports in locations that make using superchargers more cumbersome. There must be a reason, but i don't know what it is.
Sad you can't review Chinese cars
13:17 1st time i see mkbhd is  laughin'. i mean smilin. hahhaahhaah!! seeing mkbhd no prob😎, but seeing steve O is suspicious 😂. the steve O looks smart & intelligent 😮.
Hmmm I would trade in my Model Y for the R2, seriously.
What are those microphones that you are using?
I like that while Elon Musk has been meeting with Netanyhu/Putin, getting into culture wars, wars/and conflicts, border wars, politics, social media firestorms, etc... *this RJ guy has done nothing but build electric cars.* I mean, I know absolutely NOTHING about this RJ fella other than he's building some nice, ATTRACTIVE (unlike Tesla), adventurous, seemingly reasonably priced cars... and nothing else. He gets my money.
Oh wow the rear window wedges open just like my 2011 Dodge Caravan! Talk about pushing the limits
Okay, I love the steering wheel scroll wheels. Granted, I also hate the touchscreen meta of modern electrical vehicles as well.
wish they made version with the front sofa nor two seats
I'm eventually looking for a compact offroad capable SUV, mainly because I don't need lots of doors and seats for my commuting, but I definitely want it to be electric. So I was looking at a Wrangler 4xE. and if that's no good I was thinking about when/if Toyota does the electric version of the FJ Cruiser... But I could end up with a Rivian R3X, depending on the timing. I might be 5 to 10 years out from that...
These things are fucking sick, I hope the R2 will be my next car ❤
When does D2 come out?
Dang wish it was not 2026, that’s forever away. Would be very interested in the R2. That truck all folding seats, especially the fronts, killer feature that needs to be copied industry wise
Petition for MKBHD to use red camera on autofocus channel.
the R3 makes my heart jump
R3 looks SO much better than ar2
RJ, I remember MKBHD bashing Rivian years ago. That video was the reason why I unsubscribed from his channel. Look how things have turned!
I am so excited to start seeing these vehicles on the road! I love how Rivian kept their now iconic design language and brought in a more traditional hatchback shape for the R3!
The r3 and r3X look like they could be right out of cyberpunk 2077... Possible limited edition??
Can’t wait for these cars to go on sale. Very promising products, that will, hopefully, help to the brand to grow and sell more cars.
I really hope that when/if these come to Australia you can get it without the glass roof 😂 either that or they're going to need some serious UV blocking tint
Thanks!
На нашу ниву чем то похож
Tesla already lost the hype, the quality and the software of Rivian is excellent
R3 reminds me of Dodge Omni GLH
The R3X looks awesome. Props to Rivian for making something unique that caters to the niche market.
looking forward to r3x
R3(X) looks really good. I hope they'll do Android Auto support at some point, that really would convince me.
He kinda looks like a sophisticated steve-o
Just announced the r2 will be available in the UK from 2027
just as regular as all the other cars.
Love this R2! Thanks for a great presentation!
Please stop promoting cars that don't exist for sale.
Some CEO’s are too sympathetic for CEO :) like this dude and the one of Qualcomm.
Is there a power liftgate for trunk  & heat pump for the R2?
Love the look of the R2. Rear of the R3 is hideous but probably what I'd go for functionally haha.
Face looks like Big Hero 6, but would look better if they turned the the headlights sideways, learn from Edsel.
Can't wait for R2
Looks like a bronco sport 🤦🤦
Not a fan on Tesla SUV. Too much curves. I like my SUV in box shape.
The thing I have to give Rivian credit for.. their Tents.. accessories.. storage.. etc. are all close to what they show in concept. Tesla gives pipe dreams.
Bro how you have 2M views but only 800k subz?
love this brand in general hope it survives in the long run and the can pull of a good business and of course more cool cars
This is amazing! RJ looks like a guy from Illinois for sure haha. I love it! So down to earth. I live about 30 mins south of Normal IL and see Rivians all day long when I go to town. They are absolutely stunning in style and characteristics. I even have friends who work at the plant, and they were surprised as well to see the R3! So cool! I wish the absolute best of luck to Rivian. Great job 👏
I like how this is all shot on an iPhone 15 Pro and as a non-visual geek, it looks nearly the same as most videos. The only thing is the glare pretty much.
this thing is so fucking dope
if Clark Kent was SteveO instead of Superman
I'm gonna say it first "R2-D2"
Why do these cars (seem to) have so much less range than their Tesla equivalent?
Excellent for Californians as they tend to sleep in their car daily.
I love their style. Can't wait to se ta v8 model.
R3 🥰
Why did they put the NACS port on the passenger side? None of the Tesla stations are setup for that.
This is how a car company interacts with an audience, and not through a passive aggressive review of a review like a certain other EV manufacturer’s response to a 4m view video
Crazy how this guy is chilling with all the injuries and work related incidents going on at the Rivian factories and zero effort to make it better for the employees there. Not a care in the world.
I would love to see RJ and Elon in a public forum together talking about EVs, their individual visions of the future,  and where they see the EV market going. I have no idea how the dynamic would unfold  but the two men in the same room would be a must-see event.
With all the seats down you can also haul more things lugging it to a motor home
EV hatchbacks are dope
they have beginn with this 2 cars! and they would not have such problems did they have now :/
Cool technology and all, but man, what a monstrosity. At least its smaller than the R1S, but it still has a huge, flat front that is just going to contribute to the already staggering amount of pedestrian deaths in the US.
Super excited about the R2 , well as excited as i can be these days.  What comes to mind , is " Attention to detail " that is underated by many. Rivian aces some very cool stuff.  Aces 1. 2 glove boxes  2. Folding flat front seat. 3. Rear window drop down  Delight items.  1. Torch in door 2. Reserve battery bank in door with warmer function.  3. Fold up rear shelf. 4. Steering wheel scroll wheels.  Dissapointments 1. Frunk fail as auxiliary seating area .  2. Frunk fail as too small.  3. Frunk fail lift over edge to load. Dirty clothes result. 4. Frunk fail should be powered open and close . 5. Charger side location. 6. No blow me away item. 7. No middle seat in front row of seats.  8. No mention of list of features that accomodate pets while travelling with family. Or in the front seat area. Lots of people have dogs who love to be close to owner.   Happiness factor.  Off the charts , the design is very very gorgeous , sexy , sosphicated , timeless. Excellent product overall.  On par with Ioniq 3.  2 glove boxes , i bow down in admiration to Rivian. Class job.
10:22 Where the luggage and everything will be if I'm using the whole space inside the car? outside??
That R3X looks insane ! Tri motor !! Rally car for sure
I like it but I worry those seats look like Ryanair flat uncomfortable ones. I get the folding feature of limited use but I'm not having an uncomfortable seat. Is it really gonna be comfortable for 12 hours
I love the camping possibilities but what are the security features to protect owners while they're asleep? Does it offer all the cameras and surveillance of a tesla, or proximity alarms? That the future.  Is it there?
remember denny bike, rivian buy that and sell it.
Lately you criticized Fisker Ocean for the buttons on the steering wheel. What about the Rivian new steering wheel? Isn't it the same case?
Steve O making cars now?
Big mistake!!  Charging port needs to be on the rear left!!!   If they dont fix this it will cause caos at teslas superchargers network by taking two spots instead of one
I have always loved what RIVIAN was doing since day one but I just wish they would do away with those god-awful pano roofs! I can't stand driving and having that sun just blaring down on me and also don't necessarily love stepping into a boiling car after it's been parked awhile. Not to mention it weakens the structural integrity of the vehicle and possible leaks. Maybe they should give us an option at least, would also save $ on pruduction I would assume. Other than that, keep doing your thing RJ! 😎
The R3x looks like a car from cyberpunk
The R2 needs a D2 drone companion.
The 2WD rear motor trim should really be named the Drive 2; D2 for short 😶🤓
끊임없는 축구!!
WOW! Traditional R2 SUV box and Hatchback R3, I love it!
Teal with orange accents, sweet!
What happened to Steve-Os iconic voice???
Marques is scared to tell Steve-O how ugly the R3 is.
Marques, will a 175 g disc fit in the glove box?!? Priorities man. Inquiring minds want to know!
Sorry but powered opening and not powered closing is extremely stupid. You get ride of the few real advantages of a fully powered system like preventing the car from driving with it open and you loose the soft close that is very useful at night if you don't want to wake up anyone.
Too bad he didn't give the same opportunity to Fisker. Rivian seems to have a good product but I can't get over the looks. Awful
I want R3X. That’s cool. Reminds me a little of the old Renault 5 turbo. Love it.
R3 reminds me a bit of a Lada Niva!
I’m glad Steve-O is doing well
R3X. Not to be confused with XR3.
Move the port!  Make it compatible to Tesla Superchargers.  Nice Hot-Hatch!  Kudos to RJ and his team.
Someone is going to to a "D2" wrap for this car! R2-D2!
Steve-O Wtf man are you a travelling salesman !?
R3 X all dayyyy
270 mile range in 2024 is a joke
The charger port on the passenger side is a miss, but wow. Nice car
I watched this video and showed the car to my wife on their website… now I am down $100 and on the waiting list for it 🤷🏻‍♂️ It gives me some clear goal to aim toward 👏🏼
I’m n
damn the R3X looks like a really fun vehicle
Just from a Southern California inland desert perspective, I have seen Rivians on the road for a year but have yet to see a Cybertruck out in the wild.  Plenty of other Teslas, but no pickup. Rivian may have outplayed the rest by starting with the pickup. Going from pickup to SUV also looks to be a planned evolution.
Love the new models!  Love the sane and likable ceo.  Will definitely look at when I trade my MY
Let's be honest here, the majority of buyers will never use the folding front row seats like how most Model Y owners will never go camping with their cars.
Kryptonian Steve-O
But they still have that damn sunroof that can't be shaded. Serious design flaw.
Did you say 3 motor? Love it. Great video.
The R3X is so damn cool.
Those transitional jogdials are so incredible. So clever to be able to adjust it.
I think the guy making the video should be more excited or bring more energy to the interview given that he has the car and the CEO of the company there and it's private. He sounds so plain and unimpressed and seems like he is down playing a lot of the car. Other than that I was thinking of getting this. The next one is the Volvo EX30  but that's more short and bad leg room in the rear. It just sucks it comes out mid 2026
looks like strange Down's syndrome kinda car
Unlike a Fisker Ocean apparently: would you have one though ?  Is there a trim with a tray back / style side, similar to the CyberTruck ?  What’s the fucking point if not ? Moron Yuppie buggy without.  Buy a Suzuki Jimny is you’re going to buy in this size. It will last longer. You’d have to be an out-and-out cockloving wanker to drive one of these.
Why isn’t this brand more popular? I like way more than teslas . Looking at that r3x
this like is for RJ!
Isn't the R3 going to run into problems with regulators in the USA? The rear light bar fully goes up when you lift the trunk. I've heard that's not allowed in the USA, the brake lights must not be attached to the trunk. Quick Google search: "A federal regulation states that brake lights must be on a part of the vehicle that doesn't move. This means that while a trunk can have redundant lights, some of the lights must be on the bumper or side"
the average person spends just few hours per day in a car. do not put your money into these terrible investments. use your money wisely.
They look like they'll find a market for sure at those prices but stunned by: 1 - still lift-over frunk, i thought for sure Rivian would have learned that lesson from the Lightning; 2 - baffling charge port placement. along with dirt/mud, first spot to get dinged when you accidently back into a signpost.
Great CEO who really care company and customers. Fisker? 😂
13:54 if it's Red: MKBHD goes wild.🤩 It's orange: That's.......different.🤐
R2T? <3
My only problem here is “coming in 2026”.
I hate to sound rude, but hands on means actually driving the vehicle. This title is quite misleading.
Are they even gonna be in business in 5 years?
I struggle everyday to not buy an R1 or whatever the OG is called.. I have the money, but its bad timing, now this makes even harder.. The performance r3 or whatever also fits my personality a lot. I think they are going a good direction for sure.
you have million of subscribers, but you cant clean your lens(
Release rivian r3 in india at the affordable range, i bet you more than 100,000 will be sold in 6 months.
It can't all be amazing, I would've wanted to hear abt any flaws but Rivians hype man was standing right next to him
Love the content. Marques goes through all the little details I like to see. RJ seems like a cool guy.   Marques points out the charge port in the rear, right corner but neglects to ask why. This is not optimal placement for Tesla Superchargers.   Still I will consider trading in my Model Y.
I've been wanting a rivian for so long.  Invested in the co since the beginning, so this makes me happy that I will be able to afford one in the near future.
god dammit just make a regular steering wheel, with regular buttons, I want a futuristic truck, but I don't want to have to be born in 2135 with extra long thumbs and no fingers to be able to change the song.
I feel like this should have a star wars tie-in.
Too bad the R2 and R3 can't have the same production dates. I have my heart set on Kia's EV3 but the R3 is so compelling, too far into the future to bet on given how fast tech updates.
Does “Iconic” mean hideous?   Don’t have my dictionary handy.    That front end needs to be redone completely.  Then you have a nice looking vehicle and they should really only lose 25k per vehicle on those so that’s an improvement.
The R3 performance version really feels like the old spirit of a Lancia Delta Integrale with a bit more bulk! So freaking cool!
Thanks your informations
Why is the video quality so grainy and kinda bad?
I like the design! Wish it came with a real engine and I'd get one
How does the R3 have brake lights on the lift gate? Isnt it a requirement that brake lights be on a non-moving body panel?
Thank you for going smallet, we need smaller cars!
Uh Oh, I like the R2 but the R3 really ticks the boxes !
I am way more likely to buy a Rivian truck or SUV than a Tesla… and I love Tesla cars.
No spare tire option? Repair kit and pump?
I love the tech side but I've noticed a trend lately to remove side marker lights that work with turn signals. this is true with many MFGs.  I love the smooth curves too but we're skimping a bit on safety.  I drive a lot! just an observation not a knock on this beautiful machine.
Nice one, looks like R2 might be a sweat spot for me. Any chance for Europe? R3 would be a hit in Europe.
I don't have enough money to pick up another car note but I love the R3/X, I would actually consider one of those.
That guy is Clark Kent. No question. I bet he'll run into the bathroom to change at the slightest hint of danger.
R3 looks uninspiring. Like a Yugo that everyone hated from the old days. I want them to succeed. I am concerned this will not sell
R3 rear looks very much like  VW Golf mk1 or mk2 ...cant say that i like that ,if that was ever that great VW would stick to it (to this day) but they didnt . They could of done something better "modern" with the rear side...
Reminds me of a hippopotamus
Why are they producing a new car with NACS in the worst spot?
Hollyland wireless mic on point  👌🏽
It’s really good to see Steve-o turn his life around and become CEO of Rivian
So impressed with Rivian and their design approach. Also glad to see they are creating options for lower price points.
I would hire a professional Designer the front still looks like a drawing from a preschool child 😂 a bit more efforts on the front light design, would be for sure helpful, at least for the European eye and perspective 😀
The Dark Mode is so sick, I hope you can drive in it too because if you can then I'm never putting it out of it. They really went ahead and pulled the Saab Night Cockpit on us. This company is amazing, just so many nerds and passionate people around building sick cars
my 2004 pontiac vibe has a rear window that opens. just saying
I’ve said it once, I’ll say it again. Rivian and Lucid need to merge. 2026????? Why show something like this with a 2 year wait period??? If they just merged their resources, this could’ve came out at the end of THIS year (2024) or early next year at the latest. That wait time is just too long. Many competitors could pop up by then. I really like the move towards electrification but people are impatient and will flock to whoever makes a product available 1st.
The front facing camera needs some cleaning.
Great front, ugly back. Please make that back side looks more like Porsche Macan, Cayene or at least like your larger R2
I thought that rat indicates couldn't be on lift gates just in case it got stuck open or something, how are they getting around that on the R3?
will we be able to lease these? i would never by
R3 looks ugly. Looks like old 80s Russian car.
The steering wheel is kind of eh.. just give me physical buttons for basic stuff so I can do it without distraction (cruise control functions?)
Why does the r2 have such a huge nose? What a waste of space.
Whats the phone Marques is using here for the vid? Is that an under screen camera? Cause theres a lot of glare from every light pretty much
Bring Rivian to EU plsss
These are beautiful. I don’t usually get excited for new cars. I don’t think I ever have actually
This is the best R2 reveal coverage on YouTube. Super informative, loved the "why" behind the design and numbers, awesome to have RJ's comments. This is the adventure EV I've been waiting for, I reserved one after watching your video. Well done!
Rivian out here picking up where Tesla left off
The control wheels on the steering... try the old 2007 BMW iDrive control wheel (if you can find one that works anymore). The software feedback in the wheel behaved/felt exactly the way you describe this. I remember being mind-blown by in when I first got my 2007 e60 M5.
Why is there a flash light in the door?
the seat back holders are trash
the steering wheel controls look terrible lol. Why would I want something sticking that far out? Make it up, down, left, right and a scroll wheel... out of touch car manufacturers
The R3 is gonna be really popular in Europe! At least i hope so
The R3 back looks like the iconic pinto love it
Copy of land rover?
Are not!  R2
This dude looks like Steve-O's mildly successful brother.
The R3 has been stuck in my mind since they unveiled it. I absolutely LOVE the way that car looks. I seriously hope they can price is aggressively and that maybe I could get my hands on one.
3:31  Why is charge port on right side when tesla is on left? I thought they plan to be able to use Tesla chargers. Or is Tesla planning on making longer charging wires
13:38 I know the quality will be different, but it looks likea Yugo!
The Honda fit also had a "bed mode." All seats go down so you can put an air mattress and sleep in it
9:39 Clearly he's never seen a Honda Element.
2:23 i’ve gotta have one of those “Well under 3 sickeys!” ones. 😊
RIVIAN, be the first to lose the center console between the driver and front passenger seat. Free up the vehicle for more movement etc.
The CEO is likeable.
20K that is how much normal car should cost. I just don’t understand why should I pay more? 😂
RJ is so underrated. I love Rivian and RJ so much ❤
the R3 looks like a cyberpunk 2077 car super cool.
the steering wheel is so cool and clean, very scandinavian design philosophy! and the UI seems to be SUPER clean, reminds me of the apple watch ultra with the night-red lowlight mode. very nice.
this guy reallly has Steve-O vibes and looks
Please for the love of tech don't use iPhone for filming, the glare is sooo insane atrocious!
Low light internal shooting makes the phone quality go down a lot, you can tell its a different quality from the natural sunshine quality videos
I don't believe the "Ocean based plastic" marketing line...
Bring those cars in Europe. They will rock!
Wow!  These are some incredible cars! I would be extremely happy with any of these models, but especially that cute little R1. It's giving trekking over Europe in the summer vibes. 😍
Me > 😍😳
Try selling this to 60 year old who is used to buttons, in 5 mins they will get frustrated. It is for under 40’s firmly millennials and forward generation vehicle.
Good engineering. Waiting when it launches in England!
Why didn't you question him why the Charger is on the right not left? it makes no sense when charging on Superchargers ...
Should have shown R3X interior. But incredibly exciting new products!
Steve-o that went to college instead of doing Steve-o things.
Can we have a trim called D2, please?
Steve-O Look so healthy these days! Happy for his success
Omg is that a manually opening charge door? That alone gives me confidence this vehicle wasnt made as a gimmick.
No utility tunnel?
They really missed the mark... R2.... D2😢
Volvo front  passenger seat fold down (option) since 15sh years ago.
Hmmm 🤔
Those front lights look just horrible.
Cool. Very cool.
Very impressed by R2. They trunk is still square so it will be usable, good EV for many countries and environments to enjoy.   Obviously R1 is amazing, but too big for many places.
Unique looking car
Oo look its Stev-O brother!
This guy looks like a healthy steve o
The R3 gives off a very Honda E vibe which means - cool!
Looking at the R3 - I think the tail lights may change because I believe the rear turn signals have to be stationary. Kinda looking forward to it tbh because I think the look could be upgraded if the light bar was wider or separated. Rivian loves that light bar I know, but not completely my cup of tea, but not terrible either. Going with separate tail lights would give it a tougher look in the rear by making it appear wider IMO.  Also, I can definitely tell these vehicles are prototype, so who knows if 2026 is realistic.
"Potential JLR Killer" . That is all. . (Lets see if they "Walk the walk")
I love the rivian cars. They all make me want to go camping
Missed opportunity to call the R3 D2
@4:24 Is that an emergency stop button in the foot well?  @10:00 The footwell is still accessible with the driver's seat folded down, so can one drive with the seat in that position? i.e. no back rest and possibly no seatbelt.  @12:12 If brake lights are on a movable piece of body panel, shouldn't there be another set of lights lower down that remain fixed in place like on an Audi Q5?  To keep the nomenclature, if Rivian ever releases a vehicle larger than the R1 it would have to be called the R-Zero. Plus, we now expect R4 to be smaller than R3 and R3X.
Great car ,right price.Great stuff Rivian.
those folded seats... Honda CRVs do that too. Great feature to have.
So Clark Kent is actually an EV CEO.  Cool.
c'mon no negative comments at all??? sooo disappointing :D
Camera quality as really poor, should've shot with Pixel or S24U
R3 ❤
🚀⚡💪🔝
I hope Rivian cars is coming to Europe
R3 reminds me a lot of the Honda E in a v good way to
The CEO gives Clark Kent vibes 😅
Would love it if you'd review XPENG G9
the rear light alignement is... not there
Steve-O meets Clark Kent
As someone who has a tesla wall connector that was so smart to use their same charge port that way the transition is seamless.
I really like the designs of Rivian its outdoory and fun and also looks great build
Does the R3 vehicles include folding front seets aswell?!
Hopefully it makes it to market it’s going to be awhile
the video quality is soooo poor😪
Both R2 & R3 look amazing (look & $).
Jesus what a f shit car why would anyone buy an electric car
Steve-o
The Iphone does not like the Rivian lighting^^
2026? A lot can happen in that amount of time until delivery.
Will it be even remotely repairable? I hope they forge a path to sustainability. It isn't just about how much "recycled plastic" you use if people can't keep your car running for a decade AT LEAST.
Rear glass drops... MKBHD: I know a car can do that 🤫🤭
Rivian inside are far batter from Tesla
This would / should do well in the UK…
R3X looks like electric rally car noice
R3 == Yugo
R2 - D2 ?? 😂
If they adopted NACS, why didn't they move the port to the back LEFT, instead of the right?
This looks like a vehicle you see in futuristic scifi tv shows...i want...
Marques found a shiny Steve-O ✨
The R3 is nice and reminds me a lot of the .... LADA NIVA!
The R3X is going to be the new era hot hatch. But 300 miles in a real world it works out something like 150-180miles using it 20-80% if one is lucky and the weather is good.
How long till someone wraps one like R2-D2
These all look so nice! I especially love the way they engineered the steering wheel controls - they look very intuitive!  ...but why can't we just get PHYSICAL BUTTONS for at least the most bare minimum climate and audio controls?!?! So incredibly sick of this trend and can't wait for it to be over!
that r3 looks sick, looks straight out of cyberpunk
Nice long commercial. Guy didn't even check to see if it had a glove box.
Damn, I thought apple fixed the glaring issue with the light sources hitting the lens. Especially noticeable on a stage with lots of spot lights. Disappointing that the lightrays and green dots (in the shape of the light source) are still there.
The lights by the handles need to be moved forward, as your head blocks most of it. I'll never buy a Tesla, since Elon is a total C. But this brand seems a good buy and RJ seems nice enough.
Sooooo why not add a bigger battery for the single base motor models?
Congrats on the car and time travel steve-0
The R3 is amazing! I really want one in green.
Why  wouldn't they put the charger port on the drivers side so it works at Tesla chargers.  And it is frustrating that they say "Starting at"$47000" but that is for a low range RWD and there is no prices for the AWD long range. I would have put a deposit down if there was prices. But I am not going to loan the company $100 for 3 years with no idea what it is going to cost.  So I am going to order another Tesla, waiting on the M3 sport coming this spring. AWD  0-60 in 2.5 and 300 miles of range for $55k.
The iPhone's lens flare issue is absolutely insufferable, making it a real pain
Imagine if rivian and tesla merged. What can't they achieve together.
Steve-o forgot how the charge port opens...
Why back right if they are going to support Tesla Superchargers which are optimized for the back left?
R3 reminds me of lada😂
I loved R3 the most
When You will be in Europe?
The guy is cool and no-nonsense like the car.
The R3 looks like a Volkswagen Golf in the world of DragonBall.  I love it...RIP Akira Toriyama-sensei.
Another great car channel, you should definitely make a collab with Car Trek guys! 😀
If they adapted the NACS why would they put the charging port on the rear RIGHT side? That blocks multiple stalls every time they charge at a supercharger. Also, the port door is so small. I guess they're not planning to bring the cars to the EU with CCS charging?!
I saw the launch and wondered with these 2 smaller cars will we finally see Rivian in Europe? However I read somewhere that the charger used in this (and Tesla Cybertruck) is not common in Europe…
I hope they’ll release their cars in Germany. They look so nice and clean yet so American. I love it!
Why wouldn't you put that charge port on the other side?
Really hope the r2 and 3 come to Europe too at a fair price
I love those vehicles, but why...just why... WHY DID THEY PUT THE CHARGE PORT ON THE WRONG SIDE???
02:01 “Base Price $45k” Watch how RJ takes a deep breath 😮‍💨  As he thinks about how much cash Rivian will lose for each one they sell at that price …. 💸🔥  Car looks great! It will sell like hot cakes; especially now that it can use the Tesla Superchargers Network. Tempted to buy a few Rivian Stock to see where it goes. 💭 it will either go to Zero as they continue to burn cash and their ARPU crashes or they manage to upsell enough extras to make it profitable. Either way should be interesting. 🤔
R3 for me
Made my deposit on the day of reveal.  R2, R3, R3x they all look sick.  R2 is for me, the other 2 models definitely fit my 2 kids demographic.   Rivian nailed it!!!
Since when did Clark Kent leave The Daily Planet and become the CEO of Rivian?
Have Max Vesterappan test the darn thing alright
Was hoping they'd say the R3 would be 25k to compete with whatever Tesla is coming out with. I'm going to assume its going to be like 35k...
The profile profile of the R3 reminds me of a Land Rover.  I like how the part of the door frame was added to the rear lift window.  Hopefully there will be an automatic lift/close option.
Mad respect to this CEO for going unscripted on a tour through his product. What an awesome video.
I think the camp mode won’t really work. a camper brings so much stuff, if they put all the seats down to mattress in the car, where’s all their stuff gonna go ? The fronk doesn’t have THAT much space for that
What a great guy, truly seemed so nice
Only $45K … wow pretty good
Interesting fact: BMW had dynamic scroll wheel on 5-series in 2003.
Bro he looks like Steve-O wtf
with the cost of houses makes sense that car manufacturers make it posible to sleep  countrouble inside your car
One of the best designed car
The R3/R3 are AMAZING - such beautiful design (and far superior to anything Tesla produces).
Not gonna lie looks much cooler than tesla
What about rivian's labour abuses? Not that any other automotive/EV companies haven't committed labour abuses of their own but rivian's pretty bad rn and I feel like that should factor into any coverage of their products
Worth noting the charge port door, inductive charger, etc. isn’t even functioning properly - this is very much a studio concept vehicle and A LOT of work is left to productionize this. Rivian us OK, I don’t dislike the company or the vehicles, but I will be surprised if anything they showed during the event launches at the promised time. Good luck! And good luck turning profit on these!
Nothing to do with rivian: the lighting in this video is hilarious to me. They have so much fancy lighting in that showroom but it looks terrible in this video
Rivian cars look WAY better then Teslas
The R3X hatch reminds me of late 80s European hatchbacks. Opel, Ford, Lancia, Fiat.
i'll definitely buy this if it was offered in my country (UAE Pls Pls Pls Rivian)
Looks like a civil version of Steve-O
Too small for 45k
what about the new porsche?
Dude you're dropping the video quality too much .. Feels like you're just making the video for the sake of making the video. I really love watching your videos as soon as i see a notification but this doesn't feel like watching
Wish other car companies would give better low light cockpit options. I am tired of the bright LED screens.
Kinda sweet?!?! Its SUPER sweet! They are really taking their adventure identity seriously. I’ve always been a Land Rover guy, but this is next level. I want that R2 as soon as it’s available for pre-order in Europe! Taking this exploring in the mountains of Norway or the Alps would be a total dream!
Hopefully r2 has more colors than white
That R3 is awesome!
THAT R3 is going to sell like cocaine, they will make allot of money
R2 Reserved!
R3 looks nice
R3 has incredible design !
Is this same Steve O from Jackass??
The back of the R3 has such a retro vibe to it. I love it! 😍  India on the cards anytime soon? 🥺
guy looks like if steve-o never never found PCP
I wished this was a 5 seater.
Yea now EVs are starting to make sense,decent range good price,the R2 should sell well.
Have to think R3 is coming in under 35,000 with $7500 credit. That would be a very nice daily driver.
The trunk doesn't auto close? It also looks like the rear flipper glass feature malfunctioned 😂
I’m a cyber truck man
Rivians seem like well made vehicles. But seems incredibly boring...
Dude stop this auto focus thing. You ain't a car guy just stop doing this you lack the knowledge and expertise in this area stick to reviewing your apple products
made me gulp with that perfect looking R3X... wish they launched in Turkiye too... and wish our economy was good enough to buy one. that R3X might be my dream car. loved it. everything about it.
Steve-O without drugs
That r2 looking nice
I love that people who designed this really thought about particular use cases like in car camping and stargazing. Having that red screen mode so you keep your night vision is amazing
Video doesn't look good 😢
r3x definitely on the list for future car considerations
man design team needs to be fired this is not a good looking vehicle
The side silhouette of the R3x is giving me Intergrale+JCW feels and I love it 🤤
And the steering wheel is just amazing  Perfect Dials 😍
You lens were dirty...really distracting with that flare...
That's Steve-O
While Fisker Management: Tell me who this kid is?
Waves hand - “these aren’t the cars you are looking for”
R3X lowered will be so awesome!!
A car company ceo who doesn’t spew hate daily. That’s something new 😂😂
don't give two fucks about another $80,000+ electric car
😬🫣— I don’t know about that slope back on the R3. It’s sorta haunts me like the AMC Gremlin. 😂
R3 looks awesome actually
So cool! The R3 is such an awesome surprise
The haptic feedback knobs on the steering wheel? Chefs Kiss 😘
Still charger is on the wrong side
i didnt know Steve-o was the CEO of Rivian
Still pedestrian plow.
Iphone 15 pro video quality sucks, you can see the yellowish quality and the annoying light glares.
We need those R3X wheels on the R2 tho!
Sooooo.... they adopt the NACS port.... and move the charging port to the absolute WORST place for using Tesla's supercharger network?
RIVIAN is going to have to raise so much damn money… stock isn’t going anywhere for awhile. Might even go down into the 8s
This is very impressive design execution from such a young company.  Where I live about half of the Amazon vans are now Rivian and  I’ve seen quite a few R1T and one R1S.  Rivian seems to know how to read the market well with respect to desirable features and I wish Rivian well as they ramp up to larger production volume.
Can we get a non glass roof?
Anyone catch the range of the r3/r3x?
Rivian seems to get much more value than the Tesla.  Maybe I am an old fashion that appreciate the quality and less flimsy high tech stuffs
I wish they made a car cause their interior is nicer than Tesla imo. I especially like the traditional gauge display placement.
Front trunk not powered closing - Save your fingertips as well!
The R2 & R3 reminds me of a car called  😮‍💨 " YUGO" 30  years ago,  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yugo , why Rivian does not use any clever imagination  or awesome design engineer.  Looks like they just think lower price helps them out! 🤔
The R2 is so sick, can't wait to see that baby on the road, and see the performance numbers. 🤙🏼🤙🏼🤙🏼
Qualify for 7500$ federal tax rebate?
Still waiting for their R1c. Their first compact for those that don't need an Urban Assault Vehicle or move an entire family.
I love Rivian
Its funny he says impressive looking at boxes. Have you seen hiw beautiful Fisker Ocean is?
Going NAIC but they put it on the right side? Tesla Superchargers wont be able to reach it unless you take up two stalls
I knew he was recording on an iPhone as soon as I saw that horrible ghosting of the headlights through the lens.
Love the R3
I think I have enough time to save up for r3 It looks so clean
Steve-O if his mom didn't drop him when he was a baby
Id kill for an 'affordable' sedan..... A large sedan is better in almost every way except hight. And an electric car really benefits from a lower centre of gravity.
Holy fucking shit. They absolutely nailed it! R2 or R3 may be my next car.
Steve O if he never did drugs
(0:21) RJ, just coming back from the Clark Kent convention.😂
Where this obsession with glass roofs comes from? What if someone doesn’t like baking in the sun or a noise on a highway? Plus I am not sure if I saw correctly but the trunk wasn’t closing automatically? How is that possible in 21 century? At least it shows you speed in the right place. Stylistically those are good looking cars though, which is a nice change, as most EVs look horrible.
It's a great car! I really really hope they make it to become successful and ubiquitous.
The car looks like it comes from another planet, a planet without intelligent life. Honestly.
can you camp in R3?
I hope that Rivian is still around in 3 or 4 years as they have a beautiful product line.
R3 is soo desirable and practical..! Love it.
I think those engineers are Rivian are very smart.  As a dude who has done a lot of long drives... being able to put those front seats down could sell that car alone.
I'm done with Tesla. Definitely buying that r3x. Bye bye model 3
Can't wait to see the R3 being a chassis for a new rally car. Start a team, RJ.
Zoomers are going to be like "yo all this mechanical controls are sick, totally 2030 style!"
I love the R3.
Aye more room for snusnu
FFS it looks like those overpriced landrovers.
R3 Reminds me of a Lada Niva in a good way.
Sniper nearly had him at 13:47
3:30 that charge port location looks to be way too low. Plus the port door opening upwards?  Poor port visibility.
The 1969-1985 Fiat 128 sedan (not sure about the coupe) had front seats that folded flat - turning the passenger cabin into a bed, but you could sleep on the padded surface instead of on the back.
i love my Tesla vehcles, but I can say Rivian is in good hands with RJ. Love the new products.
10:44 why didn't you clean the lens bruuhh
R3 reminds me of the Renault R5 turbo, can't wait for that red one.
The R3X looks sick ngl. Not a massive fan of the other models i think they look cool but the r3x is cool af
Why is Marques doing this on his phone without editing? The scenes in the front car seats are the strangest and uncomfortable for him when he transitions from filming himself to something in front of him  Also, the set lights reflected badly on the phone shoot. He's got all the high tech filming equipment in his studio, use it!
The front end is so hideous on these things, the corporate design language is the horrible that was the Acura beak and early Lexus spindle combined. It is so off-putting it ruins the entire vehicles. And it's an EV, so that's bad too.
Clark Kent's new day job now that media is getting such a bad wrap.
This is Steve 0 ???  No fkn way 😅😅😅
bring RJ on to joe rogan!!!!!
The R3 is basically a Lada Niva 🤣
I want one. Heck I want two.
F*k the agenda 2030...btw...electrics cars are 🐂💩💩💩
Meh, I prefer the look of the cybertruck, an armored carrier from the future that can withstand heavy machine gun fire.
Every time I see RJ, I keep thinking "It's Clark Kent!" Well, I like his trucks. If I was ready I'd get the R1S, hopefully with all the upgrades of R2 as well.
The cars are amazing but seeing an actual level-headed CEO was the highlight for me.
Great looking car, but that steering wheel wth?
With the R2 being announced, should we expect there to be a D2 in the future?
The R3 is amazing. Small, strong and cool.
Looks like an sad ghost from the front
Gave it some thought. The camp mode with all seats down should be called ‘Glass Onion’
Why does the CEO like Steve O
I want the R3X so bad.
Why is the charge port on the right? Intentionally to block super charger stalls? Otherwise love the new lineup.
I've never driven a Rivian but gollee do they make some handsome vehicles, I'm really rooting for them!
What’s goin on with that iPhone 15 Pro camera and those streaks of light across the whole FOV.. is that normal?
I really want to see Rivian succeed, their cars look good IMO.
Mmmhmm
first shot off the bat, love he size of the vehicle. People have been begging for a vehicle that hits the "station-wagon" zone. Low hoods save lives, and this hits both strong and futuristic aesthetics. 10:00 as an avid hiker/camper/backpacker - hands down sold at this point. Hitting everything on the nose. 11:15, big names better look out these guys are out for blood.
I want all of this
Nacs port is on the wrong side to use superchargers. They are going to take up 2 stalls to charge.
The R3 with some rally lights and retro stripes is looking pretty dope in my mind.
When is he gonna staple his balls to it?
Why does Rivian refuse to change to amber turn indicators??
Buy the Stock.. RIVN is on the right track with these potentially mass-market EVs These will be the non-Tesla answer to the onslaught of Chinese EVs that's coming...
Yo this guy is kooler than Mr. X
If the R2 two motor and 400 mile can be at around 50k then you can count me in as one of the people who will be getting one.
What the hell is this fuскing рiесе of ѕhiт
would definitely buy one.
The R3 rear end gives me late 80s hatch vibes and I love it
Damn this dude and his team really are making some cool ass vehicles. So unique looking 😮
I love how that CEO talks, seems very honest (not like that snake oil salesman Elon) .  I will likely buy the R2.
No ones gonna want a Fisker Ocean after this 😂
The multiverse version of Steve-O who watched Mr. Rogers.
They have something special with the R3.  They could sell a ton of those depending on price.
Haha homie looks like Clark Kent from 70s superman...
Just saw Forrest’s little short, glad to see you made a video too, his video really caught my attention. Definitely gonna keep my eye on this car
They have to option a D2 design package.
Good luck selling a lots of Rivian cars and God bless your engineering team for wonderful creativity.
It looks like a Range Rover and I can't decide how I feel about that 😀
all I want for christmas is a r2t and r3t
Apple should buy this company.. implementing iphones 📱 technology like Face ID to unlock 🔓 apple will take this company to the next level.. 💯 Apple have the 💰 & technology imaginable apple AR tech in the front windshield …💯🦾🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️
Like to bump up comment! Ask him why the charger is on the right side? It should be on the left side to match Teslas at superchargers.
Rivians are sooo good looking
beautiful cars~~~ I really hope Rivian survives this treacherous economy now and ahead.
You know you're doing well when they clear the room for you, bring out the CEO and let you in the car, while everyone else crowds around later and has to just look through the windows. That R2 camping mode has me sold! Hope they come to Australia.
you guys need to get @NikkiDelventhal take this out for some camping videos or something
is it still gonna take 9 months and 40k to fix if it gets rear ended?
R2 D2 is alive
Contextual Steering wheel rollers are brilliant. As long as they can make enough at a profit, Rivians outlook just got a lot better. Jeep should be worrying
Why the heck would they choose to literally put the charge-port on the WRONG side of the car so that it interferes with the tesla charging stall pattern? Also I could never understand why anyone would want to have the filler or charge port on the opposite side of the driver-side, like is the car made so that the passengers does the plugging in?
Love the design
why not place the charge port on the left rear like Tesla, to standardize and streamline the public charging experience?
My son just traded his Rivian pickup in to get a new ford f-150. Why you ask? It is because the nearest service center is a four hour drive away and the wait time to get any repair done is a wait in months. He became practical and wanted any repairs to be done in a timely manner. He paid cash for the Rivian and got a nice pickup with money left over. Go figure...
want one...
Dude.. move the port to the other side for super charger. Do it now before you go to production! Otherwise.. cool little SUV.
I love the massive amount of layoffs but releasing new vehicles. Would have been interesting to ask about it but I do not think anyone has ever confused you for an actual journalist.
Markez BLINK TWICE if they are keeping you against your will
Good!
Very casually, it's got an NACS charge port. way to go RJ!!! It's even EVJECT break away friendly!!!
Unlike the people at Fisker the people at Rivian actually know who MKBHD actually is.
I didn't know Clark Kent did cars
i didn't know stevO became the CEO of rivian
R2 and R3X, perfect two car garage 😙👌🏼
when rj said the wireless charger works well LMFAO
Guys! Let’s get this channel to 1M subs
I am wonder what is the crash test score on this new glass roof vehicles are ?
The “owh” was hilarious 😂
So Steve O makes cars now.
R3 is a hot car
Reserving an R3 soon as I can. Looks way better than the model Y I’ve been considering.
He's so cool
Reserved... Stoked
WHY IS THE CHARGER PORT IN THE BACK RIGHT CORNER LMAO
I  want to wtach this but all the glare/Ghosting/reflections are not for me, CPL or mattebox maybe from a tech guy.
Dude that haptic wheel scroller is probably the best new idea I've ever seen in a car.
R3X is like a dream car of mine… super exciting
R3.....love at first sight.
Love the design of the R3. Reminds me of the Lancia Delta Integrale
iPhone needs to fix those damn lens reflections, its ridiculous.
Steve-O seemed pretty uncomfortable with that base $45k figure lol
R3 and R3X look like a Lada Neva
rivian sooooooo much better than tesla.... i dont see tesla lasting into the future
Dont you need to see the rear lights even when the hatch is opened? so i dont think r3 and e3x will looke as nice when they come out :/
R2 has really grown up and he dropped the D2.
When are you going to do a walk around with Henrik Fisker😂
R3 looks like a russian lada, in a nice retro modern way.
I test drove an R1T and as much as I wanted to love it, it was ok. Curious, still using self leveling? Also, the driver panel screen looks to be a bit more visible, it was bad in the R1T. Can you adjust the brake regen?
They have stopped making this heap of crap already
Look I’m not a fan of electric but if the R3X had a more aggressive frontend, I might consider buying one.
The r3 has a lot lada niva vibes
I'm one of the 68,000 that placed their reservation!
Software and steering wheel look on point, and the r3 they absolutely nailed
That R3X looks amazing
How about an R2T?
They should've called the 2 wheel drive version R2D2. 😃
R3 has the most potential to use in cities and outside, and especially if rivian will enter europe, the r3 will be the hit. Also R3 most likely will compete in the future tesla hatchback (mini model y), the 25.000 dollar And would be great to have like a 200-250hp single motor 60kwh battery. Maybe give it a way to adjust the rear seats forward to give more trunk space (because the sloped hatch cuts alot into the utility of the trunk) Every civilian vehicle (aka not talking of corvettes, camaros, and you get the idea of sport vehicles) should be able to carry in the trunk a full set of tire changes, hands down, no doubt about it.
45k?…not bad
Got to hit 500 range man...
Yeah the Fisker had problems but look at you bein so nice to Rivian 🤔
They need these 3 in the UK. The R1S is too big for our roads and these 2 hit the mark and will seriously dent the EV market here.
The R3X looks incredible
Gay af
Tesla doesn’t understand the campers
Wild that they’re coming out with new concepts when they can’t even afford to finish building factories like the one in Georgia
Why is the charge port on the wrong side of the car?
I just cant get over the hideous front end
YeAh BuT CaN I sHoOt At It?!?!       I like seeing how these are progressing, I'm much more fond of the Rivian designs than... others.
Gorgeous.
So Rivian basically got a 90's Honda Civic Hatchback and and made it electric lol. Honda boys are hyped!!! It's super clean too. Imagine it slammed.. SHEESH.
Was hoping for a truck
I'm waiting for the battery tech to improve. Perhaps the new Lithium Sulfur chemistry breakthroughs or solid-state before I would consider an EV. But out of them all the R1T looks the most practical. Tesla was ruined by their insane CEO and stupid business decisions.
My guy,  the lens flares and the shifting color profiles were trash. Bring a proper camera,  this was hard to watch.
Their headlights are ghay.
R2 looks pretty sick.
I fucking love that the R3 is basically just a modern Lancia Delta that's also an EV.
I want to get behind the Ev industry. Nice looking products.  But knowing that little kids in congo have to mine cobalt all day and get paid .25-.50 cents a day, doesn't make me feel good. Wish I didn't know that, wish we could change it‼️
how much is this car gonna be?
It really doesn't make sense that they would move the charge port to the back but still put it on the wrong side for most Tesla superchargers.
Why are RJ’s gestures in the car seem like it’s his first time in it 😂
Pass on EV for long road trips.  The headache of waiting to charge to travel is something I will not miss.  Gas is king.  Will consider EV again if they can get full charge under 5 minutes.
Elizabeth Holmes fake low voice vibes
BRO THATS FUCKING STEVE-O!!!😂😂😂😂
If I'm going to hit my head every time I get out, and the car doesn't have a V12 under the hood, I'm out.
This from and rear departure angles are amazing
Very exciting
R3 aka Lada Niva EV looks so great for the European market!
Honestly, his candor and good natured personality makes me want to support this business. The next time I’m in the market for an EV, which will be in the next few years, I’ll be looking at Rivian in addition to the other legacy manufacturers.
Seems to have an incredible error in the design of the charging port trap! Not suitable for international market
Forget about the R2 get producing that R3! That thing is slick, definitely buying one. like an old Volkswagen hatchback almost but actually cool. Love my R1T thanks Rivian!
My 2012 Honda Pilot has a second row digital screen.. Im just saying...
Rivian couldn't let you have free access to their vehicles without an employee, didn't want the same effect as Fisker.
R3 looks like a Civic from the 80's
He is such a Steve-O lookalike. Twin brother?
One thing I really hope for, is android auto internation... I'm so used to it, I don't want to use any other kind of navi
The camera you are shouting with sucks
I loved all 3. I would buy the r2 as a family faily a the r3x as weekend fun car. Can't wait!
Who put Steve-O as CEO?
Put roof rails on the R3X and that should do it
R3 plug on wrong side
I have an R1S, I like it. I have to say, I like the R2 steering wheel, but that front row seat folding is sick! Love it!
I don't think they'll be able to ship the R3 in that current configuration. I didn't see any fixed rear brake lights. That rule is the reason that the Chevy bolt has brake lights in that weird spot on the rear bumper.
why is Steve-O in this video?
Why does every EV manufacturer feel the need to try to redefine the steering wheel? Those wheels are dumb and they look like they're going to be one of the first things to break.
Who are you to rate cars go suck a dic* and rate iphones you bastar*
The R3X looks incredible. The rear end of the R3s is by far the best looking of the bunch!
Talks crap about fisker ocean while rivians is the uglyiest type of car i have ever seen worse than fiat panda and 0 special features...
Rivian truly has one of the coolest cars in the business . Not sure why anyone would buy a tesla over this , i mean it's way more practical than a tesla !!
I was excited to see a Rivian at a lower price point.  I really love everything about this, but when the front seats folded down for camping: YES!!!!!!  Can't wait to buy one
Wow what a love in! What did the Fisker guy do to you to deserve the hatchet job he got...😂
Am I the only one who gets serious Steve-O vibes from RJ? lol
Unfortunately unless Rivian start making some money, they are gone… sorry…
I was hoping for a deeper dive into technical information such as suspension kinematics and cooling system design. Information about the air springs, damper profiles, and brakes specs are objective measurements that are more helpful to consumers.
That guy looks like Steve-O if he never joined jackass
You really need to challenge RJ on some of the things he promised and hasn’t delivered… the gear tunnel camp kitchen for example
The R3 is so Lada Niva of the 21st century, absolutely love it.
Love the design of the R3
Anybody else want a Rivian with a longer truck bed?
How does the tail light regulation work on this car since the tail lights on the trunk or is their lights on the rear bumper also that turn on once the trunk is open?
Looks like Rivian does like Mercedes did in the early 80s with the W201. Feel and characteristics of the W126 S-class in a smaller form factor.
Gotta clean that camera lens the lens flare is giving me mom selfie mode vibes.
Camping option is great...hope it comes to all cars in the future...
Blud don’t sound excited
would be a mistake if they dont release the R3X that looks so good
R3 reminds me of a Lada Niva Cossack.
Review the new Porsche
Never knew steevo Was about to explain the Rivian R2 😳 super hype for this vehicle now
I didn't like the idea that EVs should be minimalist in addition to their crazy price tag, which made me not to consider EVs. But with the Rivian R2, it is really a vehicle that not only I can imagine to own it, but to enjoy it. How can we order the R2 in Canada?
Go steve o
Wow! take my money!
Why is the charge port on the passenger side? shouldn't it be on the driver side for NACS/Tesla supercharger?
The RJ/Marques relationship is something I am HERE for. I'm assuming RJ doesn't *quite* have interior space dimensions yet, but I'm curious to know the cargo capacity behind the rear seats of R2.
Crying in Volkswagen ID 😭 Germany is so far behind
Are we sure that guy isn't bizarro Steve-O that never disappointed his parents?
Now i want to buy this, just to make that guy happy. Such a nice bloke...
Rivian has been innovating while Tesla has been cost cutting. You can tell you're going to get much more bang for your buck with these cars.
Rivian was very strategic in their release cycle. By releasing an $80,000 version of their car first, the R1S, it put in the public’s mind that this is a premium product. Now we are going to release a better version of it for $45,000. So everyone wants to get their hands on it. Whereas if they had released a $45k car first, then the brand perception is like it’s a KIA or Chevy EV. I don’t need to run to get my hands on it. So even though they have been running very lean and not making any profit, it’s all on purpose. They only built and shipped 44,000 R1S’ on purpose. It’s just a premium car to establish the brand, get the public aware of it on the road. You see one in the wild and you get excited and curious. You realize it's a crazy purchase and not totally attainable. Then you find out they're making a version that's half the price. The next car is going to be at scale and they are going to make tons of them all over the world. RJ is an amazing CEO in terms of the way he speaks about the market, but also is of sound engineering background. Masters in Mech Eng from MIT, and PHD in automotive engineering from MIT.
Would a "D2" be a add-on we can get too?
The R2 definitely looks more appealing than  model Y  to consider the R2 it would have to do at least 400 miles for $45k
❤
FYI this in-house software for the haptic system, is pretty much an encoder and foc motor… pretty much like the open source project that was on here that went kinda viral
Someone should do a video camping in all the different EV's like R2 and cybertruck
By far some of the most interesting cars/trucks being produced today.  Great to see that being built in the States.  The R3 has great Golf 4x4/Delta/Niva vibes.  That would be on my shopping list.  Just waiting for that range extender.
I've been edging for a car like this. Glad to see progress being made.
man steve-o came a long way and younger at the same time. heh
One suggestion for RJ for R2: Add a screen (optional) to the rear side windows. So they can be popped open, but bugs can't get in when using it for car camping. Yeah, HVAC could be on, but sometimes just fresh air flowing through is good.
Rivian c’est chic et sobre ❤
The impression I got from the CEO was more like "I just bought this car that I am super psyched about". Rather than "lets sell some product!!". Very refreshing!! I look forward to these cars but mostly the R3 being a fan of small hatches.
While the USP of he EV space has been to re-invent the traditional car, they are all starting to seem alike i.e. minimalist interiors, flush door handles, key functions in the touchscreen and making a big deal about thing like haptics instead of providing physical buttons that a driver can simply memorize and that don't distract when driving. Maybe they need to learn a thing or two from a traditional car?
I love the R2! ❤ Also he could easily be Steve-O's twin. And I'm still very impressed with the video footage of the iPhone 15 Pro Max!
this is how you should make an EV. it's not some futuristic toy, it's a practical vehicle that just has a battery in the bottom instead of an engine in the front
Wow, Steve-O really outdid himself!
If they can’t make money on a 100k truck good luck making money on a 40k truck
R2 is the EV for me. First time EV buyer, constantly shopping. Can’t make R1 S or T work for my city or wallet, but R2 is the sweet spot.
why i the name of all gods did they put the Tesla chargeport ON THE RIGHT SIDE?!?! is there a hoax in there i don‘t get?
The NACS port should be on the other side!
This. Is. Innovating and coolness at the same time.  Bravo and best of luck.  Maintain
This will be a hot sale for the price. $40-46k is a decent price for an electric suv and those in the market will appreciate its features as well as the very attractive boxy body style which has been a home run for the Bronco, the Jeep, Land Cruiser etc.
How does the R3 pass U.S. laws that hazard lights in the back must be visible when the hatch is open?
R3X looks sick. Has that retro vibe.
ohhh drool..... give me the R2 now
selling my '23 model Y soon, this will be my next car, need something in between maybe another model Y or a hybrid
Hmm I like that the Range Rover and the Polo are finally getting a EV version...
wait what's the price on the r3. these are really beautiful awesome cars.  There are only like two models before these that compare in looks to tesla.  volvo xc40 recharge and rivian's first two models (although they were too much).  And honestly the r3 looks better than teslas.  hope rivian figures out their software issues. ryan shaw's video about that was actually disturbing.
Can the all the seats in the R3 also flip down? Also, I really hope Rivian would make a sedan with liftback hatch. I really think rivians style would translate insanely good to a sedan model
R3X looks SICK
11:11 R3 might actually be their best offering.
Great review! Love RJ. Looking forward to getting an R2 when available!
I really really hope Rivian can survive the next few years. R2 and R3 are going to be like the Model 3 ramp. Rough and painful but if they can make it through or have a bigger company buy them and fund their success, then that would be awesome. I would totally get an R3 to get me around the city every day
Split tailgate would be nice, like LR Discovery4
The giant Rivian logo on the back looks out of proportion.  Then again, I would never buy a graphics t-shirt with a giant brand logo on it either.
R3 and R3X are great opportunities for Latin America where our roads and wallets aren't as big as the US
that's beautiful on the inside
S/O to the boy Andrew 😎
the R3 looks like a beefed up Honda-E with respectable range
Do not buy!! I do not trust the residents of Atlanta to manufacture a usable car!! They're going to be making all of these!!
What a contrast in strategies and maturity on Rivian and Fisker when  it comes to leverage marques reviews………..
I am hoping for so much success for Rivian)))
Great video! I am not entirely trustful that Rivian will be around in five years. I barely see any of these among the sea of Tesla Model Y's on the freeway. However, i like the look of Rivian.
R3X is amazing looking, love the 1st gen GTI rabbit profile.  Well done Rivian!
In an effort of "bringing Rivian to more people"...can you compare the size to a gas-powered vehicle that we might be driving or have driven?
garbage
All gimmicks no real advancement of tech. Tesla is still leading the pack on all fronts. Get yourself a used Tesla with Enhanced autopilot and you have yourself THE state of the art automobile 👍
I'm in love with the R3/R3X. And that color on the R3X reminds me of one of my favorite cars I've owned, mk2 GTI.
R3X is an offroading Rivian hatchback? Oooohh, me like.
So many flares ... are you trying to raise an SOS?
Charge port on the back right?? This is disturbingly strange. Knowing it's a NACS and that Superchargers will need those port to be on the other side :(
you can say that's RJ but we know that's Clark Kent
Does the R3 have the front seats flipping down too?
The R3 and R3x are very remeniscent of the  Lada Niva
Hnnnng those steering wheel scroll wheels with the smart spring system give me a UX design happy tingle. And the R3 looks SWEET.
R3X .... Take my money !!!
r3x... electric rally?  lets go!
Rivian built a hot hatch and I'm so here for it
Let's be honest for a sec. This kid knows nothing about cars. It's sub count and views that gets youtubers these gigs and it's gross and I hope it stops soon.
I honestly had no idea Johnny Knoxville was the CEO of Rivian!!
“You’ve probably seen the Rivian announcement for the new R2/R3 by now…So I’ve been driving these for the past few months….” 😂
Yoooooo!!! The R3 looks AMAZING!!!! 🤩
This one needed to be shot on something more versatile than an iPhone. Moving shots getting cut annoyingly.
Fisker punching the air rn
this isn't the jackass that i remember
bruh that is some disappointing video quality from MKBHD, I get that this is a secondary channel but the video production is extremely poor
I didn’t know Stevo made Rivian cars!
It'll get wild if they get to R34
R3 is sooo good looking
The folks from fisker could learn from rj lol
Anyone know what Lav mic they are using?
Was really hoping to see you guys sit in the back seats of the R3, but great to see everything else up close👍
Yess pleae nore physical controls. 100% touch screen is the worst thing about EVs
As a 6’8 person. I have a request. Can we get an official way to present maximum head room and leg room…then make cars so that us giants can fit in them without developing scoliosis!  Bought a 2023 santa fe, about as good as i could find.  They redesigned it shrunk the front.  So. Measurements.  Please.
Wonder what the comfort feel like when driving the smallest one. Most small suv's are very rugged and just beats your back. You feel every bump.
That guy looks like Steve-O if he went to college instead of clown college
man. I like MB .. He's one of the most successful YouTubers,  can't you spare a few bucks for a guy to hold the cameran/phone?
The R3 reminds me of the Lada Niva / Urban / Samara - the sloping rear, the window line, the high headlights, boxy shape...
nice video, but i think your camera lens needs some cleaning...
Wow the R3 is awesome just work on releasing that now!!!
Not sure what/if you can even get hold of it in the US, but would love your take on the Volvo Ex30 Small affordable EV SUV.
Does the R3 front seats fold down flat as well?
I like the R2, but I'm not a fan of the all-glass roof.
R3 is my main goal now!
I’m ready to order the R3.
Is there a D2?
Amazing vehicles! Have a reservation for R2, but might trade for R3!
damn the last one is sexyy
So the Rivian R3X is the real life incarnation of the Cyberpunk Thorton Galena. Is Rivian giving us a R4X Thorton Colby Sport Ute? please? maybe?
That R3x looks like an electric rally car
Should the charger have been on the drivers side to match up Tesla's locations for supercharging?
That "smart haptics" feature is at least inspired by, of not stolen from the smart knob project.
Steve o has finally hit rock top
This is incredible! Rivian is my favorite car brand by far now
The only problem with electric cars is the entrance price. They are still outrageously expensive for the common man to afford. Once a company and get us a full electric vehicle for the same price that I bought a brand new Ford Maverick XLT turbo for THEN we’ll be in business
Wait... why the fuck would they go NACS, but put it on the right side of the vehicle? Is this trolling?
Mans needs to stick to iPhone reviews
hey yo i didn't know rivian was still a thing 😂😂😂😂😂 in 2024
those steering wheel knobs are most likely FOC with brushless motors and encoders.
Is that Steve O young Brother there? 😅
Hey have heard about towing capacity for the R2???
The biggest hold up for me is lack of service centers for the inevitable repairs. I would trade my MY for an R2 if it werent for that. I have 6 Tesla service centers within 50 miles to 1 Rivian that is 30 miles and a 2nd thats 100 miles away.
How many of y’all gonna be putting on a sticker on the back that says D2?😂
Love the haptics on the steering wheel. Which brings up my issue with Tesla, they've stopped innovating.
its ugly
TOY! NOT A CAR
I see huge electric suv I dislike. Simple.
no paying rent, will be living in my Rivian R2
I really appreciate how no one in this video was acting like a youtube hype boy.
I thought Steve O became the CEO of Rivian jk
I would buy this before I buy a Tesla model 3 for sure.
Can we get more information about the new 4695 battery setup? Is it still a 400v system? Is rivian moving to 4695 for all future cars?
The way the CEO doesn't talk over marcus is a great thing. HE doesn't go into some rant about how great something is. Hes just like "yeah we did this because of xyz" - great communication.
I really like it, but I just can't get down with those ugly headlights.
Give me more range or give me nothing else
R3 looks like a Lada Niva. Not necessarily a bad homage. 😂
Consumers - please make affordable vehicles. Manufacturers - Here you go! Base price starts at $50k, but hey we're going to have a 100k option where you can go 0-60 in under 3 seconds!!! Just like you've all been crying for!  Outside of that I like how rivian is pushing others to do better. Personally I like EV's are for certain people (people with a second car + work from home jobs) but hey the CEO seems solid. Imagine the government incentivized them to make a sub-30k ICE car. They would probably change the game. The R3 seems promising.
"super dark mode" makes everything shine bright red at you because logic yes
Why move the charging port to the back right -- Teslas have their chargers on the back left. Will these need to take up two stalls like the Ford?
These clowns don't know how to create a car that's not hideous and constantly putting weird things in cars like touch buttons and scroll wheels. Can these companies just stop the bs and make a normal car for a normal person like ever?
finally an EV company that doesn't have a crackpot CEO.
Why is no one covering the speakers? In the event he said they were removed from the door. So where does that leave us ..
Shouldn't the NACS port have been on the back left to accommodate the super short Tesla Supercharger cables?
A brick on wheels. In an era where everyone is trying to offer more range, save power, etc. Rivian delivers the least aerodynamic car of all times. Pathetic trash can.
How about AppleCare play ?
Too bad the R3 wasn't a smaller truck!  The NCAS charging and fold flat seats are a big incentive for me.  I want to tow my boat to fish and camp at some remote locations.  If the R2 has decent towing ability they may have a new customer.  I enjoy my Tesla Model 3 but the model Y was on our radar.... this may take its place.
Glare glare glare everywhere
The sound under the solid glass roof is interesting.
I like R3 the best, can’t wait for its release
The R3X is giving GTI so hard and I'm here for it!
I don't think they bargained for how much R3 hype has eclipsed the announcement of R2. If they made R3S (street) and made it have smaller tires, lower to the ground, and body colour matched the bottom plastic panels, oh man would they have my money tomorrow.
If they ever made a sports car I bet it would be really cool
What camera did you use to record the video as the quality was terrible on my TV?
unexpected steveo cameo
Why would you put the charging port in the back passenger side. It’s the same as putting it in the front driver side. Still going to create problems charging at Tesla chargers
Love it! Great American companies. We need them to succeed!
One R3 please! For real that car looks so cool
couldn't Rivian put the charge port on the left-hand side and then we have an automotive standard? Very big headed.
1:11 so I think the "trunk" in the back was in reference to where you would put your steamer trunk on a carriage, but hey, elephants have trunks on their front, so that makes sense too! lol
nice to see Marques hanging out with journalist colleague Clark Kent
That charging port should be on the other side , or front right side to match tesla
What about suspension? Do they raise and lower like R1? Compressor? Is it still using the 400 volt system or will it have a faster charging 800 volt platform?
RJ is so down to earth. I hope Rivian becomes super successful, I have faith in it. These cars are gorgeous, very useful, very practical. Reserved!
Impressive vehicles no doubt but anyone buying a Rivian is taking a huge financial gamble that they are still going to be around in 2-3 years. Very expensive to buy, insure/repair.
Why couldn't we see the front of the R3?
R3X looks so good 😍
Did not expect to see a Hapticore in a Rivian, pleasant surprise
Given the R2 niceness in and out, it seems plausible they will not be able to get to profitability.  As I told my friend, I'd buy a Rivian but where do I service it down the road when the company is out of business.
CEO passes the vibe check ✅
i have to say a little bit ugly
R3x looks so good ❤
the R3 is great. i want one!
Silence...
To bad that you missed to show and talk about the size of the trunk on the R2. In these type of cars,  that's such an important feature. All dog owners looks for this. And what is the ground clearance? Suspension?
Best CEO & best youtube reviewer together makes the product looks much practical & also beautiful looking compare to TESLA. You have to think about inside practicality rather always looking for 0-60 timing , also decent amount of range which is good as a starter. All the Best Rivian.
count the yups from the guy
I feel like the R3 isn't up to US and EU codes? I thought that cars weren't allowed to have ALL the taillights go up with the rear hatch.
All three look awesome but give me that trimotor R2, please. 🔥
RJ Scaringe is a genius no doubt.
Love to see that Rivian is making smaller EVs. Looking forward to reviews on both and hoping that the R3 can hit a $30,000 price point.
Totally off topic but what Mic's is MKB using here with RJ? I see them clipped on their shirts.
Man the R3 looks amazing. Is Rivian in India and if not is there a chance?
The R3 is my dream city-to-campsite crossover vehicle.
R3X, new dream car unlocked
SUPPORT CARPLAY
What's wrong with the camera? So much bloom that it could be a Star Trek episode... And the skin color is off...
Fisker has two glove boxes under each seat, respectively.  Shill.
Will it ride smoother than a Model Y?
They either won't make money on these or they'll be raising their prices.
Like the vehicles but I can't support a company that doesn't value their factory workers.
Are these glasses bulletproof???
Give rivian design team a raise. Also CEO is a cool guy and very professional.
This is @steveo if he went to engineering school versus clown college
Love this brand
Actually, the original Renault Twingo also allowed to fold down all seats into a bed. I have fond memories sleeping there with my dad before visiting cebit.
Does anybody else thinks he looks like Steve-O?
Yo I didn't know Steve o Worked for Rivian🤣
Why is charge port on wrong side for Superchargers?
I'm not sure their naming convention is going to make a whole lot of sense to people. Their first products R1T & R1S made sense. They were the first vehicles produced so you had R1 and then the T for truck and S for SUV. Now you have an R2 which is smaller than the R1S, but still an SUV, but the name doesn't have the S in it. You also have the R3 which is more of a cross-over style vehicle and smaller than both the R1 and R2. so as the numbers get bigger, the vehicle gets smaller (counter-intuitive) and the new vehicles don't use the letters.   To distinguish year models are they going to go with the traditional year before the vehicle name (i.e. 2023 R1T, 2024 R1T) or how will a person distinguish which year model Rivian they are buying.
Man I love the R3! It’s such a cool looking car.
So a dual motor R2 would be an R2-D2?
The R3 remninds me of 80's and 90'2 Hot Hatches, and that's good!
The Ioniq 5 got the retro/future styling down (and executed it better) in 2021 and we have to wait until sometime later than 2026 for the R3? By then Hyundai has enough time to already have second generation Ioniq 5s on the road that can match or exceed the interior quality and performance of the Rivian which are the only two areas where the R3 is better than the Ioniq 5 we already have.
in this video I am noticing a lot of light streaks, is it an iPhone 15 pro problem or is it cus the lenses were dirty, I don't own a 15 pro but I've shot on a friend's and it didn't seem to have this problem
Damn, that R3s is the first EV that really speaks to me. It has the station wagon vibes I loved from my first cars.
R.J. looks like Steve-O if he never discovered drugs
Why would anyone need a sub 3 second 0-60 suv? 😂 these cars a a heavy battering ram to kill less wealthy people.
The R3X is my dream car.
Lemme get this straight... They switched over to NACS but put the charge port on the right side of the vehicle?
Man the bar is low if the commenters on this video are seriously impressed and enthusiastic about these snooze mobiles that arent even going to be available for 3 years.
BOOOOOOO
R2 in 2026 is ouch though
That camera needed a wipe haha, clearly a fair few fingerprints on the selfie camera haha
That colorway on the r3x is very reminiscent of miami dolphins colors
R3 looks like an electric Ford Pinto
I can see the R3X being really popular with the younger generation& it will make an EV SUV’s genre drool with the performance, etc cetera. 👏
what an ugly car! :O Is there a 7 seat option?
these truly look like the cars of the future
I'd like to see an option for physical buttons rather than a giant touchscreen
Steve-O done grew up
Just take my money already Rivian
It looks like a 70s station waggon but I Def want one
So they are going to NACS but not putting it in a location that makes it convenient to actually use Tesla chargers. 😂🤦🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
tri-motor trim must be R2D2
That scroll wheel is cool as heck
Rivian R3!! Even cleaner and more beautiful than Ford Bronco Sport! Shut up and take my money!!!
finally an electric car not sold by a nazi
American always design car so UGLY, first the Tesla Cybertruck, now Rivian??? iPhone also UGLY, never change the model for years??? Such UGLY cars you guys make,... geesh I can't stand to see it. UGLY. really ugly.
Why is the charge port on the passenger side? How will it use the supercharger?
I'm very curious about that e-stop at 4:24
Marques: Thanks for joining me RJ: Thanks for joining me?
Nice! Very excited about these new Rivians - the R3 looks brilliant!
Nerd Steve-O
I used to troll SUVs until I got one :D
I think the R3 is going to be a very big seller if the price is right it’s the perfect compact SUV
R3 is a VW Golf! Very retro 😍
Hope speakers are amazing still no car play?
The R3 is just dope. The classic design is very appealing. Pity we might not see it in South Africa
If Steve-O thinks that 45k is “affordable” he’s… wrong.
I want this R2 so bad. I think I am going to try and be a day 1 buyer. My daily commute is perfect for it.
When will we see an ID.4 review?
These are definetly the droids we're looking for. 😊
so, add a "Tesla" NACS charge port, but why move it to the exact opposite side of the vehicle compared to Tesla?  total effs up the Tesla supercharging parking
These look so awesome. Back in the day Honda used to do a car called the S-MX that could fold all the seats down for camping. A very cool option
This looks pretty good, even though I just bought an Audi, will definitely keep Rivian in mind when it's going to be replaced eventually.
Looks tight af in that car with those two up front..,
Rivian would be really smart to make a 2 door R2T like the old single cab pickup trucks that are nowhere to be found in the new car market today
Really missed the opportunity of naming them R2 & D2....
I'm rooting for them. Really nice vehicles.
I love rivian so much. The R2 is exactly what I wanted
Rivian R2 looks like LADA NIVA 2024 Edition
He really editing his thumbnail so he looks more white LMAOO
Like it but don't like the glass roof.
these cars look and give a feeling a lot more like cyberpunk civilian cars like the thorton's  as the cybertruck looks like it's a militech's vehicle.
RJ is Steve-O if had done no drugs and went to university instead of clown college
Whaaat? It does not look like a gas grill with big tires? It's sexy? This car is going to sell.
Very nice!
The most humblest car CEO Ive ever seen!!! Gonna be tough going forward but I wish Rivian nothing but the best and I hope they come to the UK soon!!!
Dam he looks like Steve-o
Beautiful vehicle, yet again. Love Rivian, but really want the R1T in Ireland. Probably my favourite vehicle nearly ever!
What if they made the Front trunk a front trunk cooler, or made it an add accessory to fit in. That'll be super awesome!!
I grew up with VW hatchbacks and wagons, so that R3 is looking real promising.
Tesla owner here. So weird to have a normal ass CEO. Was looking to get a Kia EV9 next but will def look at these for my next purchase.
Bro! Shoot your video with S24U 😢..
Clean the lens 😢
The R3 has some serious communist vibes. It’s Identical in appearance to a Lada Niva.
It’s good but am I the only one who thinks it’s a bit too small for an suv? Like height wise
First time I’ve seen an SUV that i seriously want. Bravo to Rivian
Nice interior
Sweet ride and great review.  Now all it needs is someone to get a vanity plate that reads "D2".
I legitimately thought that was Steve-O for a good second lol.  I don’t believe Rivian is available in the EU (could be wrong?), but I really like these though. 42k, so probably 50-55k euros in Finland is pretty good. If it was around 40 thousand, that would be really good.
They have such great attention to detail. You can tell he’s so happy with his product. That steering wheel is so cool!
why'd you put the nacs on the back right instead of the back left?  😑
Why on earth do they put the charge port in the rear?  1. dirty spot  2. you have to back in.
you can tell how the CEO is excited and happy with the final product haha
WHY is the charge port on the right? Not gonna work well with Tesla superchargers.
But why the port on the passenger side? Isn't this going to cause the same issue at a Tesla charger as the Mach-E, where it'll take two spots?
Was this video directed by JJ Abrams?
I'm not an electric car fan, but I'm also not immediately turned off by a jarring design paired with a bombastic leader.  This is a product I think could pave the way from early adopters to early majority.
Why the fuck did they put the charge port on the opposite side to the Teslas?  I know, to differentiate.  And to be a pain in the arse to Tesla.
Looks so cool, if this car is on the same level as the model 3 in price. Going to be a hard choice.
WTF would they put the NACS charge port on the rear right. They should know to put it on the front right or the rear left.
The R3 gives me Lada Niva vibes, its definitely my favourite
Who thought moving the charge port as far away from the driver door as possible was a good idea. Its also awkward for supercharger access
Will the be coming to the UK???
Did not know Steve-O was into cars😊
I am disappointed they didn't have a star wars R2D2 color scheme.
Very cool products
14:38 are u friends with andrew tate bro?
When is Rivian coming to Europe officially? That R3X looks awesome.
I have to say. This CEO appears to be one of the best in the entire industry.  He’s very smart, approachable, and explains things like a human! Not a robot… (Elon)  I’m super impressed by the R2 and R3. Rivian needed a little Boost, and they just got a massive one.  Let’s hope the production numbers can be relatively high and this company is off and running.  Awesome Job
R2 is almost like a modern version of classic Jeep Cherokee XJ and it's lovely.
The R3 looks like a vehicle that can be in Grand Theft Auto. I'm becoming more of a Rivian fan now.
I think I'm going to try and get this car I'm ngl. I used to want a Tesla but Elon is too crazy for me
Miles ahead of Tesla in terms of quality. I hope Rivian succeeds.
Seems a bit solly they moved the charging port but fidnt move it to the back left to work with twsla superchargers
He looks like a white Tay Zonday
RJ looks like post Jackass Steve-O.
Why do we keep trying to re-invent the steering wheel?
Certainly hope we get this in the UK, looks and sounds like the perfect vehicle to me!
What microphones do you use? :)
I pre-ordered R2. But, please ditch the glass roof. Looks good, but heavy and offers no real value. Not as safe as the aluminum roof. No need to copy Tesla.
Wait a second.. is that the guy from jackass movies?
Ok this is fantastic but I just don’t understand why they would put the charge port on the passenger side.  This will make the supercharging experience just a bit more difficult
I’m a jeep guy, I know I’ll need to get a more fuel efficient vehicle a few years after college, and that R3 looks like it would be a awesome daily to go with my TJ as a weekender.
Doesn't look like it has a rear wiper? But rather that gap to let air sweep the glass (Which I think sucks) Can you confirm?
mario: this guy wario: steve-O
Finally, a new Lada Niva
Dear Tesla, this is want we want.
Do you have any interest in real cars muscle cars ans ICE ones.
r3 is the kind of ev I've been hoping to see
The charge port being that low is stupid
Why didnt you clown the CEO for moving the charge port from left to right. HDF are they going to fit correctly at a TSLA charging station??? idiots!
Either must be a v12 in this very long hood. Or just waste of material
I didn’t know Steve-O worked at Rivian…….. 😁
R3 is the big thing here.
Should have the other way round R3 should have been bigger than R2.. just my dime thought.
What the heck those lens glare man?!!!!
They should make a van called the RV
Steve-o in another life 🤣
Wow,😮 .It looks just like the previous gen.Good for brand recognition 😊
R2 looks decent. R3 is ugly af.
The back and profile all look great but that front end s UGLY as hell, it just refused to grow on me, if i were to buy it I'd do something about that look
Steve O is the CEO of Rivian?
The headlights 🤮
I'm so happy that Steveo cleaned up his act, settled down and created an EV company!
R3 | R3X looks sick! Definitely checking that out once it comes out!
Andrew!!!!!! (At the end).
The boxy body, short overhangs, wrap-around windshield, and thick and agressive d-pillar really make the personality of the R3. Hope these cues make it to production.
RJ looks like a sophisticated Steve-O
1:13 Now I realized it looks like a boat from the front end
I love that Marques also has a greasy lens on his camera, like the rest of us.
I don't care about the R3, what I really want to see is the R2 reach version D2, maybe with a blue/white paint scheme, and a bit of chrome 😉
Honestly, I'd buy the R3 today if it was out. I just don't understand why base models are all rear wheel drive and not front wheel drive in EVs -- is that a range thing? Makes the base model functionally impossible to own in midwest, unless you just don't want to use it in the winter. And it means you often have to dramatically increase the price to get all wheel drive.
It looks like it’s squatting in the rear. Is it?
it would have been cool to see more of the rivian r3
This RJ guy is super chill and the new cars look great. I personally like R3 the most. On a side note, too much lens flare. It makes the video look bad.
Wow, cool CEO, cool cars, I think I just witnessed the future. This is it...I love how Rivian thinks and makes.
R3X cyberpunk lookin
damn. never would've thought to watch an mkbhd video that pisses me off because of the greasy lens
R3X looks so incredible
Why put the charge port opposite the driver?  Also opposite where tesla does so supercharger cords will struggle to reach???
i'm honestly digging the rivian brand, super cool
The R2 dual motor should be called R2/D2
R3 back is sexy af.
That frontend looks adorable
Am I the only person that kept thinking this was Steve-o showing off the cars?   Those cars look great all around, but I just can't get on board with the front end. Just too strange looking for me.
Didn't know Steve 0 made the Rivian
Can we get a premium cloth option like Volvo?
I want rivian in Europe
I don't really get the R3 glass hatch / double hatch deal in the back.  They are saying saving money on somethings like the rear ac controls.  Doesn't the mechanics of the glass back being in the hatch likely make that not make sense?  Just seems veryyy unnecessary.
The R2/R3 models are maybe the first Electrics that I would consider.   Much respect for bringing us this report so soon after the drop.  I've been watching your current and older content for a week and I really like your videos.  1 because they are informative and relevant 2 you ask the questions I might ask and 3 because its cool to watch someone who really enjoys what they are doing.  The segment with RJ was excellent.  Also loved your 2023 EQS SUV video.
no one talks about the appalling Iphone 15 pro lens flare. I have to clean the lenses every time i need to use my camera app on my iphone.
baby monitor lookin ass car 💀
Steve o now works for Rivian?
The name R3X feels like REX
why no 3 row option?
If they keep shrinking the size as the numbers go up, the R4 will end up fitting inside of a Nintendo DS cartridge slot!
Looks awesome and love the new price, why the back passenger corner for the charger? Why not rear driver corner which works better with the supercharging network
i feel like im looking at what if tesla would be if it wasnt a toxic cespool.   I hope this guy can by contrast not essentially make the entire company a chinese company. We would love to own a rivian down the road when we can afford it. right now we are still trying to figure out how to buy a house and afford children.
For EVs all I care about is safety, charging speed, ease of use, and range.
I thought the R1 was small. These are tiny. But the CEO is cool.
What the flocking doo doo….  The design of these cars will be dated by the time it comes out…
Love the R2/R3, but that R3X...wow. With luck it will be hitting the roads right as my Ioniq 5 lease is up! Love your work, dude, keep it up!
Let's go, NACS! 🙌
Does anyone know if the R3X will have 4WD?
Why not the back left for the charge port?
That R3 looks really good, I dig the back.
Smartphone review? Low quality for such an interesting vehicle.
super controled review
Tell me why even after swapping to NACS they didn’t put the charge port in the correct location
why do you need company to check it?
Rivian - Let’s have our CEO give you a walk through of our new car.   Fisker - who’s this MKHBD guy…
Rivian is the EV company that I most want to survive and thrive. Their outlook and general vibe is so much more positive than the others (ahem, <cough>Elon) and I love their focus on the outdoors, experiencing the world and also having a cool vehicle. I've run several TVs for years now and I love these smaller and cheaper models and might very well add one to my garage in the coming years.
Will there be a D2 variant? ;)
The R2 is ok, but love the R3!
IIRC, the front passenger seat  on my old Pontiac Vibe folded pretty flat. It had a plastic inset that could be used like a tray, but also meant I could load long things in the small wagon like lumber or pipes for my DIY projects.
Interior looks like a cheap eu car. Like a Dacia Spring vibe
I don’t like how he closed that trunk
❤🎉 I'm A tesla fan boy but Vivian be making me smile like😂😊
Honda Element had the ability to fold all the seats into a bed as well... cool that they added that to the Rivian
V2L? V2H?
R3x == Maruti Suzuki 800
The rear looks really cheap compared do other EVs. Not for me
@MKBHD please encourage RJ to add CarPlay
R3 giving some VW Glof vibes from the rear...
I guarantee that there will be people that live in the R2. Maybe I should think about that too. lol
So they add the Tesla charge port, but put it on the wrong side? The cable won’t reach. You will have to park in the wrong parking spot, clogging up two charge stations. Please explain if I am wrong somehow?
Excellent tour and interview. Thanks
hate the front of vehicle, everything else look fine
Man, I've been following Rivian since the live R1T unveil, and they honestly never stop impressing me! That R3X is going to be amazing!
This is going to be my new car... someday.
If this was out like 2 years ago, I would’ve bought it instead of my Tesla
This video was shot on an R3
Woah, the phone struggles with light huh?! 😂
Steve-O has come a long way.
Good Video man! But I wonder which camera u used (iPhone 15 Pro?) because the quality doesn’t look good😅
Looks like an epic vehicle - hope it comes to the UK
Rivian needs to make a coupe SUV ASAP
Is it only me or are the wood on the steering wheel already cracked :O
Does the camp mode in the R2 still level the vehicle like it does for the R1T/S? And are they still not incorporating Android Auto & Carplay?
The R3 is just so awesome looking. So impractical, but holy hell the looks.
Iconic front end? kidding right?
Why charge port on the right side??? tesla chargers designed for chargers to be on the left side... so rivian would have mess things up there...
please bring these to germany/europe!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There are some design elements that will keep me from purchasing the R2. The rear tailgate window is almost immediately a hard no, anyone who's ever owned a OG Blazer or Bronco will know why. I could give a pass on most of the other stuff but the steering controls are a hard pass. Kuddos to trying something new, now stop it and just use the elements we're used to, or use less of them. Other than cruise control and media control what does a driver need to constantly change? I don't get the extra clutter and confusion. I do like the R3X.
Next yr another new model
but does it have a glove box? we know how upset you were last time a car didn’t have one.
R2 awesome R3.... Very European in design... Its definitely the overseas market car from the back half
Needs to say R2 D2 on the back.
This looks dangerously close to the newer Jeep Grand Cherokee's
omfg super dark mode, i need this in my toyota rav4 prime, the insanely bright white screen and alerts destroy my night vision 😭
Great video! Looks like an awesome car
Reminds me of Superman. Not that he is one, but you keep wondering what will happen once he removes his glasses, starts running as he removes his shirt... 😅
Please shoot with a proper camera
optimized for europe is my guess, which is highly appreciated, our ancient roads are often too narrow for large US trucks. i like this one
These were very expensive prototypes to build…full interiors and motors for all doors and interior IT functioning too.  Now, they just need to get through ‘Production Hell’…go Rivian!
Honda Element Seats!
I really love the R2. Price is still a bit steep starting but this looks really nice inside and out.
It looks like a cartoon character!!😂
The UI style of the central screen is really impressive and unique, especially the dark mode theme and wallpaper, love it! the whole has it own design language in exterior and also interior
Lens flare pro max ultra
wow... seriously, the R3 is the first electric vehicle ever that got me thinking: yes, I like this... a lot actually... didn't expect this from Rivian, but i'm seriously impressed 👍
Love the R3, great job there!
And than refreshed r1s and r4s - full size but all of that after rivian VAN - not amazon, but 8 / 9 seater sliding doors not crazy expensive huge family friendly AMPV :)
I love my model y but those front folding seats in camp mode 🤌
extremely happy to see the progress that RIVIAN has made. These new models look great. Hope to see RJ soon in the Decoder podcast 😃
The new charge port location is odd.  It will require backing in to superchargers but at a V3 supercharger you'll be taking up two spots.
I really like R3 and R3X,mind me a little bit fiat 126p on steroids lol❤
That R3x looks straight out of cyberpunk
The R3 has some 80's Honda Civic vibes going on. Bit of Honda Urban EV as well. I really like the shape of the R3!
R3 looks like a Lada Niva
I had to double that, I thought I saw Steve-O 😂
When RJ appeared I thought he was talking  to Steve-o for a second
those door handles look SOOOO bad
If the R3X will  have a 1100 HP it would be an instant hit!
03:35 how will Rivian fit a Combo CCS2 port in there for the European market, where adapters are not autorized?
Really cool cars, the brand itself is looking great. For me the r3x is my favorite. But maybe the R2 could be more practical because I have a family.   Oh, Marquee I was watching the video and couldn’t avoid to wonder if you were recording with an iPhone and it’s because of the lights a the effect on iPhones lenses. Is a bit annoying and weir for a phone that new and supposedly improved. I had the same problem in an XR a 12 and several other iPhones. I thought this was not an issue anymore.
The R3 is giving serious Chevy Chevette vibes!
R2 & R3 are not Tesla killers, but Subaru may be in big trouble!
OMG maybe I did good buying those stocks at the end
Why is the NACS port on the rear passenger side and not the rear driver side like Tesla. More confusion and inefficiency at the Superchargers. 😢
so ugly. shame on rivian. will go bankrupt in less then a year. middle east money kills all ev companies they touch
Why didn’t they put the charge port on the back left instead of right like Tesla for charging at superchargers?
They gave it a NACS connector but they put it on the wrong side.  😭  Whyyyyyy?  I could forgive it on the R1 since that was before supercharger support, but as a Rivian and Tesla owner, the rear driver’s side is the S tier position for a charge port.  Rivians taking up two supercharger spots will become a meme until V4 stalls are everywhere. 😂
this guy is not charismatic, which is a good sign to me, no talk just game
R3 gives me old Dodge Omni/VW Golf vibes. I like it!
R2 and r3 look good!
Let's stop calling it secs, and go with sikies(when est. Speed) Sounds cooler and modern age.
Apparently Rivan has decided to be the modern ev Jeep replacement as these models align with Jeeps history strategy/ market
Design language is phenomenal, very thoughtful. They are currently losing $30,000 per vehicle and they’re saying $45,000 for the R2. Never gonna happen. Feels very deceptive. They know they’ll never hit that price point.
im not a car guy, but by gods does the R3 look hella dope
Did not know healthy Steve-O was CEO of Rivian.
Logitech MX Master 3S inspired scroll wheels
how did Rivian bypass regulation on that rear tail light? Part of the rear light must be on attached car when liftgate open.
What STEVE-O's younger brother showed you there was the Jeep Grand Wagoneer 😅. Big whoop
2016? So much can happen till then…
Prototype is easy, mass production is hard.  Rivian is almost banckrupt. They need a lot of money to put R2 and R3 in the market at a decent price. I gave them max 10% to succeed this
1) Rivian is halting construction of a new, larger plant; 2) new models coming in like 2 years; 3) struggling to produce existing models in significant numbers…
He look like a cleaned up Steve-O
Is he the CEO?
Rivian R3 could be a hit in EU and UK. We don't like huge vehicles over here and R3 makes a lot of sense.
R3 looks sick! Hope they keep going! R4 as a proper hatchback or even a coupe?
This car looks like a scaled Fiat 126, which will make it popular in Poland. This is the Maluch of the XXI century!
Pop-out cup holder? Ugh
Now we need an R2 D2
RJ we need rivian in India!! Lol (lots of love)
I wish the R3 was a more traditional hatchback (I'd love a proper electric hot hatch!), but otherwise this is all very exciting!
Why are they not putting charging ports on the front and back of vehicles for when getting into certain charging base can be difficult.
The wheel scrolling i can tell is awesome
The lens glare is crazy. Is this the iPhone?
Steve-O sells cars now?
R3 looks like that one car from cyberpunk
Anyone else thinks the CEO looks like Steve-O? 🤔
Spoiler alert Steve-O is in the video
Oh no! They stole the Fisker Ocean's glove box!
The amount of times I would accidentally bump those huge scroll wheels on the steering wheel...
looks dope
promising model range, just a bit too long timeline i think
Why is the charge port on the op side of tesla?
I hope they will release this in Norway… been waiting for Rivian to enter our market for ages. Really wanted the R1S, but this new R2 might be a better fit on European roads! Might be my next car when the Model Y Performance is getting swapped out around 2026.
Will this be available in Europe?
Hopefully it comes to europe
The R3 ist looks killer!
I think we should be happy to call these concept cars.  I think consumers are more happy to embrace a vehicle that will adapt to their desires.
9:36 Guy in the background: Oh crap, they're filming, act natural.
I hope it's still pre production enough to swap charge port to the drive side
Are the even reliable?  Consumer Reports scores all  EVs less than gas cars and Rivian at the very bottom
Charge port should be on the driver's side.  Why stick it on the right?  Glad it's finally NACS tho.
Will Rivian goes Europe?
Wow how did they sign off the wheel base issue? the wheel arch is not central to the rear wheels
The whole story of EVs is autonomy and price! Everything else blah blah blah...
❤
It's like a Wagoneer that's scaled down to be the size of a Renegade, but with a winky Star Wars name!
Always nice to see Steve-O sober and healthy 👍
as an European, that is not small enough 😂😭 (R2)
We need a R2 D2 version
Why does anybody watch this guy
I wish to have one, i like all rivian models but I’m from Europe so those cars not gonna be soon here and + my pockets too small even if Europe would get some Rivian’s on the roads 😢
RJ needs to play the next Clark Kent in a Superman reboot... lol. Seems like a real humble dude.  Love the video Marques. Am a proud and happy R1S owner and can't wait to see the R2 in person!  :)
That R2 could work in Europe.
So any updates on an/the R2T? Also, I could totally see the R3X as a rallying monster on and off road.
They go through the effort to change the charging port from ccs to nacs, and they go through the trouble to making it to the wrong side of the car. ...  wow
I would’ve put money on the CEO being steevo
Thanks for Converting miles to Kilometers!
These look great. They just need to sell them outside the US
IT'S A BOX.
More electric????🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮n
The R3 is looking the best to me. Maybe because I like smaller cars, maybe because I'm from Europe. But you need less space to park, easier to maneuver, still fits 4 people + a kid. There is absolutely no reason to get something with offroad capabilities if you're driving on a well maintained road 99.99% of the time. The only main advantage of the R2 is the fact that the front seeds go down, which might be useful in some scenarios.
Is that Steve-O?
I love their design and utility but 300 miles of range will not make this an actual road trip vehicle.
these look awesome. hope one day we get them in Australia.
Look like a range
New stock issue incoming...
I can't believe you didn't call them out on the position of the charging port! They're deliberately putting it on the rear passenger side when everyone knows it needs to be rear driver side or front passenger to work with superchargers!
steve o made a nice car
Meanwhile Fisker is like MKB-who?
i love the rivian. Hopefully get one soon.
Does it have cooled, ventilated, seats?
Not that i didn't love rivian until now, but now i love it even more!!! I like the outer and inner design, the tech and the implementation, really nice packages. I wish that they would come to Europe and i would have the money to buy them😅
It is very much visible about how much he is excited and proud of his inventions.
This is good
Nice to see an american company bringing a wagon to market!
Tech-Bro Steve-O!
Why does my guy RJ look like a watered down version of Steve-O and i can't unsee it 💀
this would be a blast
6:55 that wheel thing changing its haptics and spring action based on the context of the menu it's controlling...that was genius.
I love this, I'd really like to see Rivian succeed here to become a succesfull international car manufacturer. They clearly have great vision and some great product design.  Hopefully they will pull through!
But can it tow?
Only me or the R3/R3X looks a lot like the new electric Renault R5 and R5 Turbo ?
Good solid review, except one of the key issues with evs is the range specification.  Maybe I missed it, but I don't think you gave us that.
That iPhone camera glare at the beginning 😂
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Meanwhile there are already Chinese EV suvs way superior than this for $12k
Physical A/C buttons in the back, why not the front?   Pure touch controls are always inferior to a good mix of touch and physical.
Honestly love the design on R3. don't know why.
Love it R3 is just great, hope to see it here in Europe to, and R3 pickup please ❤❤❤❤😊😂😂
The biggest drawback is the wait time. This company is too bad in ramping up productions to meet customer demand.
The scroll wheels: "We developed it entirely inhouse", yes, but clearly inspired by an open source guy scottbez1 with his smartknob project :p
as soon as there is preorder for the R3X, i'm in. looks just like the lancia delta from back in the days. i was always in love with that vehicle. now, rivian gives a tri-motor electric version? count me in baby.
why they need a large angine bay?
The R3's are gorgeous looking things, I'm not into EV's really but these are something else to look at, Rivian have totally nailed it in the aethetics department. In other recent EV news the Renault R5 made a big splash this past couple of weeks based on it's looks but this is way better and cooler.... like a Honda E with range.
Please next time never use iPhone to take video for us. The reflection is just killing me. I'm not able to watch all the videos because of does refections from that iPhone camera.
Why don't you simplify even more and give us real buttons for front passengers for all functions we use every day? Leave the touch option for those who like to fool around with touchscreen while driving.
My god, The IPhone is such a trash way of filming. The glare and messed up colour depth is horendus. And what even is that "stabalisation"? Please go back to a real camera when not shooting on the surface of the sun and not this shit.
That R3 looks dope
steveo without the brain trauma
usb c in the back lol
Nice
oohhhh that R3X!!! take my money!
No but the R3 😮😍
#shot _on _iphone
I don’t know why the back shape of R3 reminds me VW Golf GTI 1985 😅
This guy looks likey steve-o if he had gone to university instead of doing drugs
The small R3 ... I would order that one immediately! But Switzerland => No Rivian 😢
That R3X is someone, like a wee electric golf rally car,
Rivian will be bankrupt soon…
R3 looks like Yugo from behind! Anyone else or is it just me?
Just how excited he is about his products is infectious.
they look cool, but their build quality is terrible. If they were that shoddy building their luxury suv i would be very concerned about the issues that would plague their cheap car models.
I’m going to live in this bye
If I can call it R2 will it keep my deathstar plans safe?
And that, Elon, is how you design a vehicle that's both striking AND beautiful.
First time I see Steve-O presenting a car :) hehehe
R3X reminds me of a beefier VW Golf from the 90s
I feel like the center console would have to be lower to not be uncomfortable in camp mode
Besides the content, i really appreciate your hand-held self-filming camera skills... i am trying to imagine the mental juggling of interviewing and juggling the camera around.... Kudos bro
I hope it's available in Canada I'd be interested in the R3 looks unique I love it!
Me like
This is where Tesla should be instead of messing around with the marmite Cybertruck.
clark rivian kent aka Rivianman
R3 looks like a car that makes sense in Europe. I love it
The cars look really nice and from being in an R1 I know the quality is good as well. Hoping they can scale production quick enough.
Didn't know Steveo worked for Rivian 👀
Fisker should learn from this.
I dont like that front, Needs a change
Why I the WORLD would they put the charge port on the back right and not back LEFT? Just to F with Tesla owners at SC’s?
The Fisker Ocean is the one I was interested in buuuuuut... The R3 seems pretty nice! It looks cool and the size of it is more what I need.
Guy look like SteveO
Love the R3, it has kind of a retro/futuristic vibe done perfectly! The overall shape (especially the back end) reminds me of the old Yugo. If the "Zastava Automobili" company still existed and made a Yugo refresh in 2024, I can imagine it would look something like this! 😁
It's weird listening to Steve-O not speaking from his larynx.
yeahhhhh camping sure sure
Didn't know Steve-O's cousin started a car company!
It looks like a copy of tata sierra ev from outside.
R3 is genius!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As nice as the rear of the R3 is, it's not going to pass homologation in it's current form as the brake lights must be on fixed bodywork.
2026? OK, Bye.
Rivian R3X???..... PERRY THE RIVIAN R3X!!!
RJ looks like Steve O in an alternate universe
I hope Rivian can scale to volume production profitability and survives.👍
The R3 reminds me of the ionic 5
Steve-O step up really good
R2. 2026. It’s March 2024…
dear mkbhd, you like pixel phones a lot. also you carries one as a backup phone. but why don't you made any video with pixel phones.
Steve-O step up really good
When will we get Rivian in the UK?? I am REALLY interested in the R2, this one makes perfect sense here.
Damn, I didn’t know that Steve-O was the CEO of Rivian!
Steve-O really hit it out of the park here
ocean based plastic? is that like in Ark when you kill penguins for organic polymer?
All of these look awesome! 🔥
shot on iphone 15 pro.  we need shot on android
R3 looks so good, damn.
I wish they launched Rivian in my country 😭
Amazing to see Stevie-O doing something serious
RJ seems a great guy! the cars look cool, hope you make it!
gonna try and convince my oil executive mom to get R2!
Nice cars. I hope R3 and R3X will come to europe aswell.....
NACS on the wrong side of the car… one job RJ, one job… ffs. Why can’t these idiot engineers standardise these things?!
My god! You Can just ser how happy and passionate RJ is! It’s amazing what Rivian has done and is capable of achieving hoping to see a lot more from the R3X
Shot on iPhone 15 struggles with light so much!
Is only the R2 coming to Europe? I don't think those rear lights on the R3 are legal for the EU, I'm pretty sure you need to still have rear lights visible when the boot is open and the whole light bar lifts, I didn't spot any internal lights.
anyone else notice the Rivian CEO looks like Steve-O?
I dunno why, but love the back of R3. Oh and the accent colour of R3X is so cool. Very 80s
Apple must be paying MKBHD to use an iphone for shooting for this channel. indoor quality is for shiet.
R3 reminds me the Talbot Horizon my dad had.
Does it come in a 2l. Diesel, I want R2D2
Please make all the compliments to the team for all the AMAZING details like the feedback on the wheel, the software interface, the trunk lines and features all around. R3 seems like a dream cyberpunk car!
R3 would sell very well in Europe
Having this kind of ccess to the top level management, have you asked why so many manufacturers insist on having the AC vents moved via software? I understand removing physiycal buttons saves cost, but motorised vents must cost more than manual ones AND are way more annoying. So... why? Just for the sleeker look? Are people so willing to give up practicality/ergonomics for the minimalist look? Especially since manual vents can be done to look very "hidden" too.
R3 looks amazing. Very reminiscent of a Mk1 Golf GTI
Tech wise, this cars are OLD. In 2 years, they will be dinosaurs. Their looks is even older. And Rivian has no cash to survive unless someone buys them out. They are a decent company that makes decent cars, but they can't go on selling cars that make them lose money. And adding more cars to their catalogue when they're so desperate is a move that recalls me what Fisker has just done: committing tactical suicide. I'm sorry for Rivian, but this is not what they should have done at this time. Even Tesla and BYD (the only car makers that earn money making EVs) are struggling today and it's because of what the FED has done to America
Have a look at Xiaomi's SU7. Seems interesting.... The beginning of phone brands stepping into cars
2 year lead on R2 is crazy and a massive gamble on the company even existing in 2026 - hope it all comes to fruition as Rivian are genuinely bringing something interesting with these
I'm in the UK and want an R3, can we do that please ?
It’s a little smaller.  Shows a giant SUV for European standards. But it will sell well here. Once Rivian starts selling trucks here.  Yeah the R3 will do really well in Europe, we love ourselves some hatchbacks over here
Sleeve-o looking ceo
Why aren’t these electric cars solar powered?
The dude looks like Steve-O :D
Seems like in a better position than Tesla. CEO is more likeable and the cars more relatable. Congrats to rivian! and to Marques, being awesome as usual
2026 will they survive?
I didn't know Steve-O from jackass was the founder of Rivian
Comparison please 🙏 Volvo EX30 Vs R2 👀
R3 looks like 1970 communist car
Them menu selection wheels on the steering wheel look like the headlight in the front
Maaaan I love the R3. What a shame it's an electric
Steve O called! He wants his shirt back
The colour on the R3 is amazing 😍
Not cool to review a car with the CEO next to you. You can't be objective.
I think they should name the dual motor variant R2 D2.
What a sierra😂
Those scroll wheels are soo cool.
Nice volvo....
We need this in Europe, please, pretty please...
Tesla suck!
I feal like the chargeport door is going to b annoying because its opens up. So you have to bend down to See IT propably
So will his help with their stock price?  Because it's done nothing but go down over and over.  I do like that their tires stick out farther than the wheels to prevent curb rash, unlike Tesla vehicles.  But a power opening frunk and it not be power closing is kind of stupid.
I love it and I want one. And I really want Rivian to succeed big time. Please keep making Rivian content!
Is this Steve-O's younger more responsible little brother?
Wow an EV company ceo that isnt zooted off his brain like elon. Seems like a really cool dude and the cars seem really nice.
Charge port Rear Right  FFS why?
so glad steve o joined rivian, great executive decision
Not wiping the grease of the lens 😢
Ugly but functional, the story of Rivian continues.
From jackass to CEO, Steve-O has had a great career.
Steve-O works for Rivian now?
Steve-o really did a 180 on his life. It’s great to see him being successful in other areas beside entertainment.
I think Rivian pulled off its best game by launching R2 and R3. If priced right, R3 is gonna be a game changer !!
Would love to know the design decisions behind the 70s look both design and UI
I love how Rivian is evolving, hopefully they'll come to EU.  Also RJ looks like Steve'O intelligent brother.
Very cool cars. I hope they are as quiet to drive on the road as the R1 and they didn't skimp too much on the sound treatment from road noise. Will have to wait and see. Great looking products.
Steve-O Looks great after sobering up. He's got this car engineering job and all. Great stuff.
The new controls on the steering wheel are honestly pretty revalutionary. Quite amazing. Got me excited for future stuff.
The steering wheel buttons are my favorite
Charge port should have been back left.
Hmmmm.  - Chargingport not designed to fit for Europe - Range 480km means realistic 300km - not enough  - Back Black part looks on this new vehicle already super scratched  - R2 looks good, the R3 looks really badly outdated  I like the Style of the Rivian R1 and R2, but you do not sell in Europe, and with the charging port you also not plan to do. You have some caveats that comes with this car - why? The R2/R3 feels like you did not try your best, it more looks - we nee a.s.a.p. cars in these segments to survive.
Marques: "the other thing is this steering wheel. I think the best comp I can give is the PlayStation 5 controller" RJ (dies inside): "mhm"
Does the R2 come in white with a blue roof and bumper?
I love the R3X. Not too big for Europe.
The R3 is giving me early Range Rover vibes which is still cool!
R3 is an 80s Peugeot 205, which is no bad thing. Cool
I am truly rooting for Rivian and their CEO.
that guy looks like Steveo
The R2 shoulda come in two doors mate. Damn
If they are using the NACS (Tesla) charging standard like Ford is also doing, why don't they put the charging port on the rear left side like Tesla's? So if they use Tesla superchargers they wont be blocking two spots! Ford is planning on moving their charging port on the rear left just like the Tesla's so they wont be blocking any extra chargers.
My only issue, if the battery pack is the thing that keeps the car rigid, than how are they going to change the batteries in case they die.
Good thing Steve-O became a car engineer!
Steve'o look incredible since its stop stunt and start to make a car
Ok, now this is getting super interesting! I've been waiting years for prices to go down and the R2 and R3 are really appealing. They also are nailing the experience I'm looking for, not all touch, but keeping the human side in it... love it.
That R3 looks just like an electrified Lada Niva!
damn seeing you 2 sit in the back of the R2 there is no room for a 3th person... thats a shame.
R3/R3X will be great for markets outside the USA, at the right price. Love the retro looks.
Now. Rivian to Europe asap.
Holy shit the light glares
The R3X looks straight out of Cyberpunk!
R3 looks very European to me, strongly reminiscent of the VW Golf Cross from the 1990S. As for R2: nice looking vehicle, but there's no way you can fit a European CCS2 plug under that tiny charge flap AND the port is on the wrong side to be able to use Tesla Superchargers, so the NACS is looking out of place there. 2026 is still a loooong way, so hopefully Rivian can check these things before launch.
R3 looks like Honda
Why would you go NACS and then put the charge port on the wrong side?
I currently own an Ioniq 5, and the R3/X looks reeeeally attractive  Although the Ioniq 5N is coming out too... hmm....
the ceo looks like Steve oh
is that Steve-O ??
Rivian is poised for lift off.
The best part of R2 is that it will be international. Will the R2 come to europe before the CyberTruck?
7:35 just won me over. RIVIAN! BRING RED NIGHTTIME LIGHTING BACK INTO CAR INTERIORS! It exists for a reason, dammit!
I just see R2 where is D2 ?? ^^
Dude is identical to Steve O 😂
That dude is like the more professional chill version of Steve O… lol  If Steve O went into car sales instead of snorting wasabi and stapling his own balls to his leg.
This is a car that could be practical for the eu
Great content as always, thank you so much! 🙂🎉Iconic cars, with their very own identity. Beautiful simplistic design.  I'm going to play the lottery today, and hope for a home run!
STEVE-O!
This guy looks, talks like ET, right?
The fact that they used bldc motors for the wheel buttons is genius
Hope they come to Europe
So they joined the NACS-crowd, but they skipped out on having the charging port in the rear left. Tell me why, for heavens sake…
Super exited to see the R3 more!
why this things are not in India 😢
Still wonder why for cars as heavy as these are that prevent proper use of run flats, why no spare tire? Even a space saver one would be enough.
Just put in my reservation.  This car looks sick!
Cool! Thanks for sharing it. ✌️
Holy moly that is the most ugly car I have seen in years. It makes my eyes puke from every angle its shown😂
Blink twice if there is a gunman
RJ looks like what I’d imagine Steve-O would look like minus all the drugs lol.
I feel like that dude looks like if Steve-O didn't do a bunch of drugs and hurt himself a ton and cover himself  in tattoos😂😂
The R3X would comfortably sell for £50k in the U.K.
The R3 is the perfect car for Europe. It reminds me a little of the VW Golf 1 and is probably the same size as the Hyundai Ioniq 5. Hopefully it won't be so long before they come to Europe. R3X is the better Golf GTI ☺
Hell yea, can't wait to live in my R2 after capitalism take my home!
RJ can't be more of an engineer...just the whole package
R3 is Lada Niva x Range Rovers great grandchild.   Love it
Flat seats, Austin Maxi! Only old Brits will understand.
RJ looks exactly like Steve-O!!! 😂
I hope they will come up with R2 in D2 trim or something :))
Looks like a Bronco
"Shot on iPhone 15 Pro" - Immediately realized that when I saw those lens flares lol.
As a former owner of a 1981 VW Rabbit, I approve of this R3 design.
the light reflections in video are kinda annoying..
Why are they putting the charger in the back right instead of the back left? Is that going to cause issues for single row charging stations when a tesla and rivian both want to charge? If they both pull in next to each other than they will need the same station.
R3 looks insane! The perfect small car IMO!
Hahaha, 'but I love gloveboxes'  Great comment.  Thanks for the great run through. Great video.
0:01 “iPhone BAsT CaMeRa” 🤡🤡🤡
Bring these to Europe fast, theyll do great!
I’d have to buy a D2 sticker
The CEO looks like Steve-O gone start-up / tech-bro…
The R3 is supposed to be on sale for 35k single motor. Looks like a hatch back but they have to call it a SUV for sales purposes.  It's like a rounded out hyundai Ioniq 5 but much cheaper.
Looks perfect. It would sell like hot cakes here in the U.K. 🇬🇧
Damn, alternate universe Steve-O can make a pretty good car
Dexter IS the company expert guy…??? yeah… basically that’s all he says…😂😂😂
RJ is Steve O without the drugs
This is like the 5th video I’ve seen this week that got ruined by the iPhone 15p’s HDR. Creators need to get used to turning it off every time when they’re shooting video for YouTube.
Sure, they're pretty. But I find these electrics to be a bit boring and blunt (Not talking about being electric. Just aesthetics inside and outside). Especially a brand's line up, all the cars look the same
alright so i've been daily driving this R3X for a few weeks now
Charge port is on the wrong side!
R3 would be perfect for Europe, a direct competitor to peugot 208/308, and to the Renault
Many old cars from 90's-00's had the foldable passenger seat.
Rivian looks too boxy. It’s like a house with no curve appeal.
Interesting looking car. And nothing to do with pecker head Musk 👍
So cool to see Steve-O working on electric trucks now. He’s so versatile!
man clean your lenses
Those are super cool
R3 would sell big numbers in Europe. Perfect for our roads.
The CEO reminds me of a sane version of Steve-O. I like both versions! 😀
Unbelievable! They adopted NACS but put it to the wrong hand side so the car will take two charging spaces at the existing 50,000 Tesla chargers. Congrats. Engineering at its best!
I feel like I'm missing something. With the NACS port, why choose the back passenger corner? That eliminates the possibility of using Tesla superchargers unless Tesla increases their cable length.
R3X is exactly how i envisioned an electric SUV to be like
Looks sick
When the R2 becomes available in Germany i will definitely buy one 🇩🇪
I don't know why I'm watching this. I bought Hyundai Santa Fe 2008 last summer and that's the best I can afford for my family at the moment
RJ just looks so stoked and excited on everything. Its infectious.
electric car gay car
All paid bots here
Would have been ideal for the charge port to be on rear left to match Tesla so that charging spot usage is optimized
Ugly suv nobody is gonna buy it no matter how much this guy pumps it
Too bad about that super small charge port, it means no space for CCS2, so its not coming to the EU market in this form and they'll have to make another version if they want to
That R2 kind of reminds me of my old 4dr S10 Blazer (98 model year) and similar small SUVs of that era. Just enough offroad punch to get you to that trout stream while having the space for a family of 4 on a 5 day car camp trip to your state park and still being VERY drivable on a daily basis.   I cant swing 45k on an SUV, but I am rooting for the R2 and R3 models! And who knows, if some cards are played right maybe  I will be the owner of an R3X or lightly used R2 in about 5 years (gotta pay off my current debts before i worry about adding more lol)
R3X is gorgeous 🎉
Wish you would have asked about CarPlay/Android Auto support and lack of HUD. These seem like glaring omissions
300 plus miles and great vehicle design 👌
RJ kind of reminds me of Clark Kent
Too bad the ceo was this nice about not laying off workers so he can keep his wallet fat lol
13:20 Look the Dacia Spring :))
I really love everything but the front headlights.
It's UGLYYY, it looks like a Soviet. LADA from the 89s
Steve-O doing well!
Steve O is doing great!
Holy shit, that R3 slaps! Would be a great vehicle option for us in Europe. I'm happy it exists.
Very cool to see the CEO in this one. I still can’t wait to see Marques’s usual format video on these vehicles when they finally come out and he gives his unbridled opinions. I’m psyched for Rivian. All these legacy carmakers abandoning their electric plans are going to regret it when Rivian takes even more of a chunk of their market share than  Tesla already did.
눈을 길게 하지말고 그냥 동그랗게 하면 훨씬 이쁠텐데
I love this. I’m a Tesla guy but love competition to make all companies better
iphone 15 pro front cam real sus
Damn, Rivian making a Honda e
how is the NACS for tesla chargers gonna wrap around for the R2? Usually the NACS is on the driver side of a tesla and them cables are short AF. Even if you reverse in or drive in to charge, it's not long enough right?
Clark Kent did good!
i really doi want R3  i like the size of it.
10:01 bruuhhhhhhh…folding the front seats👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾. Why in the world has no one done this yet⁉️ I hope Tesla does😅
The R3 performance looks sick 🔥❤️
Anyone else thinks RJ looks like Steve-O from Jackass? Lol
Camping in the fully fold flat seats of the R2 looks really nice actually.
Love the R3 / R3X design
honestly, thought RJ was Steve-O
R3 looks like Fiat 126p from 2077. I absolutely love it!
Dude, that camping experience is awesome. This is the kind of thing I wanted from the CT but they didn’t offer the pass through to make that possible. Love this R2.
Didnt know white chocolate rain guy and also steveo was the ceo of rivian
Rivian hired Steve-o!
Oh that R3 is nice!
The huge control wheels on the steering wheel are pure sex. Love it.
The light glares !!
RJ looks like if Steve-o got a degree.
Called this reveal as soon as I saw the Laguna Theater re-close for some sort of “surprise.”
Happy for Steve-O. Really turned his life around.
Very insightful and informative interview!
A very honest impression as usual!!!
both look great but that R3 is amazing
CEO sold me on the company. Will buy when I can afford one
The R3 looks like a modern interpretation of an AMC product; and that's a good thing.
I wanna see the next gen TRUCKS lmao
Ugly headlights ruin it!!!
Nice to see Steve-O branching out.
why the charging port on the right ? And not the left (especially if you move to the tesla standard) I know V4 has longer cables, but i guess older Tesla chargers wont fit to the right and you would claim 2 parking spaces (Or did i miss something in the video :) )
Nowadays Steve O is a changed man.
He looks like Steve-o. U cant unsee it now, you're welcome.
The CEO learning about the car too.
Oldschool Volvo vibes on that R3(X) rear end, love it!
I recently realized how annoying the light line(?) from light source visible on camera , and this video has them too can someone tell me how to get rid of it
Potential for an impressive e-car, but the price seems exorbitant
Charge ports on all EVS need to be on the LEFT REAR SIDE or RIGHT FRONT SIDE. Otherwise they'll end up wasting a charging spot. Think about what happens to the last car in a row of chargers. The last spot goes unused if all cars don't line up properly 🤦
Why would they put the nacs port on the wrong side and why didn’t you call him out on it
If I could trade my Model 3 for an R3, I would in a heartbeat!! The higher ground clearance has me sold!!   I’ve got stuck in the snow 4 times with the amount we get in Ontario Canada 😅.
Steve o got hot!!
Oh dear oh dear. Stop sucking up to them Marques. Got a one on one with the CEO? Ask him about the company's finances. Are they going down? Ask him about the lack of a hatchback. Ask him how he feels about vehicle arms race. When he tells you half the the headliner was made out of ocean plastic, ask him about the percentage of plastic parts on the car that are made out of reused or reusable plastics. Ask him about battery recyclability. Be critical, don't sell off your platform for nothing.
Someone tell me this... a bunch of guys(vlogers) wait in line to get through and get a glimpse at the launch and huddle through the single copies of these prototypes.  Now I see "Marques" getting the red carpet VIP treatment with CEO RJ himself giving the demo.  I am not into the field of vloging so this special treatment feels UNFAIR to me. There are quite a few folks who works as hard and maybe do not have a team of people doing the homework and editing - am I the only one and what am I missing?
why the heck are these people changing the steering wheel? There's nothing wrong with current steering wheel. PLEASE STOP CHANGING IT!!
Well, ain't that R3 lovely. Finally a sweet looking but not so massive EV from American manufacturer.
ummm why is no one talking about the low quality of the video.
Steve O'
R3 would be the first sensible option for the eu
R3X Integrale 🚗
I am hoping for so much success for Rivian. I adore the styling. So much more natural than a Cybertruck. Classy and understated is how I would describe the R2 and R3. Great job
I'm disappointed you didn't ask if there would be a blue/white/silver color scheme for the R2. 🤔
We have decided our first Ev will be a Rivian. They “seem” to really think about the consumers pocket book. Nice.
Would have liked to see the R3 even a bit smaller or a proper hatchback option, but good to see more realistically sized vehicles are coming to market.
These two share similar traits; calm, intelligent, creative and passionate. Marques can be a great CEO of a tech company some day.
This design language does not translate to smaller vehicles at all. They look hideous.
The charge port is on the wrong side.    We have one chance to get NACS right, so put it on the same corner of the car as every other NACS car
I like what they are doing and these vehicles seem to have a lot of appeal but the range to price ratio seems like most important spec. One of the biggest turn offs for people is the limited range and if the R3 has 450km on its larger battery option, it will technically be good enough for most people who never drive anywhere near that in one go. However here in Australia it’s 1000km between major cities (at least 1000km from me in Brisbane if I drove to Sydney, which is the closest of the other state capitals). That means you effectively only have about a 350km range because you need to plan your charging stops and cant rely on them being operational. For anyone who even aspires to do long drives, this is very limiting and that makes the price seem even more expensive.
You can see the panel misalignment... consistent!  🤓
Wonder what phone Marcus is testing,because this video is definitely not crisp!
End of day, the real actual cost to produce the R2 isn't really actually a heck of a whole lot lower than the cost to produce the R3. It's all just one big game.
If the R3X comes to Europe I’m 100% getting one !
Aren't the Rivian still making a loss with each sold car and are burning cash from new investors? Crazy, crazy model. They might turn profitable in a couple of years, if not, they'll be gone in a blink of an eye.
The gap between the flat front and back seats might be a problem for the persons trying to sleep... but not if their heads are pointed toward the back of the vehicle, I suppose.
The ceo looks like steve o sm
R3 and R3x looks like a rally car and am all for it
r3/r3x: strong Lada Niva vibes 🤭
These rivian guys have the best designs. Would love to get them in my country
The UI Red Mode is absolutely KILLER! ❤ R3 Lighting situation kinda looks illegal for the EU. At least I don’t know any cars where the lights don’t also go around to the sides, to show the indicators. Looks cool, though.
How much can these tow?
That R3 doesn’t have rear lights when the trunk is up or fixed lights
Now I hope they make an "ultra feisty" D2 version of the R2...
And those controller wheels on the steering wheel are way, way too large. There will be constant accidental contact by drivers.
Not sure why the nacs charger is located on the right side and not the left..
I went from thinking rivian is one of the few brands that wouldn't die. But now I think rivian is literally like a fookin teenager in terms of decision making 🤷
I like the car, but as a Floridian I do not like the EV language of having large pano sunroofs without a sunshade.
Would be good to compare with the Volvo EX30 (which is 10k cheaper and available this year)
Rivian DESPERATELY needs capital. Otherwise this car may never see the light of day. Right now they are teetering. I hope they pull through but the future for Rivian is definitely not as bright as today's unveiling. Huge job cuts last week with more likely in the next 6 months. Clearly something needs to change.  Lovely car though.
I wonder if the r3 will have the same option to put the front two chairs completely flat as well? I hope the passenger seat will at least bc this could make for a nice local overnight camper! Wish they were coming out sooner
Great quick review Marques, thanks!! Impressive car and can't wait to see your review on it!!!
Why the glare from back lights ? I always thought it was due to dirty lens , but I am sure seeing them here means it's not the cause
The charging port position is strange for a vehicle that is supposed to be off-road capable - very easy to damage.
Do they have a bulletproof glass version for California?
Steve-O makes cars now?!!
It's a smart design for a second vehicle for the company.
R3 already looks iconic, very classic 70's design. I'll take the trimotor.
RJ totally looks like Steve-o
Teslas look like ass. At least this company can design.
I just love the design from rivian. When can we finally buy in Germany?
He looks like Steve-o, if he stayed in school
Hope Rivian gets to the green. Really good product but huge hill to climb in nailing production at large scale.
Wow, i love the r3x! It is like a rally car! They are perfect for european market, are they comming to europe?
Gorgeous car. Maybe the lights in front part must be changed to be less childish, but in rest, great car.
Really ugly car
I really like Rivians. If only they would fix those goofy headlights, I think they would be the best EVs available.
The Rivian R2 is like 100x better looking inside and out and more functional than the low-poly Tesla Cyberdump.  The dashboard looks slick and functional.  R3 also looks quite good; the rear-end looks slick, too.
I hope they will have a D2 package for R2. 😂
Im not into electric cars, I like them, they are alright. But no electric car has really caught my eye quite how RIvian has done. Love how their cars look, the fact that you can have a tent on top of it, a inflatable matress inside, Its just quite dope and seeing the styling of the R3 & R3X Im interested in getting one of those in the future. Good job Rivian and props to the CEO
Rivian was like Tesla is in thier lane so lets get in the lane next to them. We will go after Range Rover and Jeep. I love it! The futuristic 80's look of the R3 is beautiful.
R3 looks great
R3 look INCREDIBLE!❤
Why does he look and seem like Clark Kent
Steve-0
R3X looks like a Golf R/GTI which I like.
Amazing stuff. One complaint though: Marques should have let the CEO do more of the talking and explaining his products. A lot of interviewers fall into that trap of talking too much when the product owner should be put center stage to explain proceedings. For example, why keep the same front look for all vehicles? Why no Bluetooth speaker for a vehicle clearly aimed at a younger buyer? What are his thoughts on the Model Y he mentioned...basically just let the man paint us a picture of his products, why move the charge port back there etc
Finally in Europe? Both looking good and would be nice here in Switzerland. Both good for Dog too. With this open rear window. I loved it on my BMW
Amazing 🤩
??? My Tesla charge port is on Driver Side.  Why R2 on passenger side???
No one is gonna mention that he looks like Steve-O from jackass huh?
That phone struggled with this video. The blacks look frosty and noisy.
i wish we'd get rivian in the EU. the R2/R3 fit perfectly into the market
Why in the world would they put the charge port on the right side if they converted to NACS. This seems like such a dumb decision
That R2 is perfect for me cause the R1S is way out of my price range
I was really hoping for an R2-T because seeing a smaller electric truck is something ive been wanting for ages
He looks like Steve-O
Love the back of the R3 ❤
R3 is new ionic 5
notice how he manually opened the truck. yea this is gonna take longer then 2026
I didn't know Steve-O made EVs
Why is it giving classic bronco? Anyone else see it?
14:00 idk why but it reminds me of Perry the Platypus
That man hired all the best people. Engineers and Artists alike.
I've gotta say the glare coming from the video is really bad, and some of the details, like the screens and such look blown out a lot. Wonder if another phone would do better...
Is it me or does RJ look like Steve O?
The R3 looks so sick!
Why do EV’s have to look so Hideous…..
The R3 definitely looks like a Lada Niva ripoff
the r3x reminds me of the 80/90s rally hatchbacks
R3 was made for andrew 🤌🏽
Great idea with the front seats folding flat. Do the R3 seats do the same? That is an awesome feature, you basically get an AC tent wherever you go!
This has got to be the most practical EV I've seen with features that actually make sense. I mean an EV with a glovebox! who knew that would be such a luxury feature in this day and age! but seriously this looks really well thought out. Looks like the kind of EV I would love to own
Can you make a video in S24 ultra
The Stevo resemblance is uncanny
Thank you for this very detailed first look and question  & answer session/ interview with RJ and the new model lines.
I’ve already fallen in love with the R3, its rear end reminds me of an Ioniq 5/Hyundai Casper (which are two of my favorite cars). I cannot wait to drive one ❤
R1T/S was simply massive and not fit for Europe, R2 definitly has the potential to succeed there, R3 also has a chance depending on the price/autonomy ratio, since "tiny" vehicule are more competitive (and its not going to be better with the new Citroën e-C3, Renault 5 e-tech, Volkswagen ID2 to only name new models !)
Curious to know when they're coming out and pricing. Sucks that that's not details on price for R3 or if those vehicles will make it to production since R2 will be 2026. When will R3 and R3X arrive... 2030? 😞
the r3 looks cool and retro. like an old vw lifted rabbit. hope rivian survives long enough for it to come to market.
How does the R3 get away with having all the rear lights on the lift gate?
Omg Sober Steve-O!!!
I dropped an F-bomb while taking a work break to watch the reveal.  I'm in for the R2 for sure.  R3X such an awesome surprise.  RJ is a great CEO.  I may have met him actually at LA Auto Show way back when all they were showing was the R1T.
I'm bullish on rivian buying $20k worth of stonk for the long hold
Base price this has... Is still cheaper than Fortuner in India.... amazing 👍
Native NACS then put the port on the wrong side for superchargers... why?
Hope they enter the R3X to WRC!
Seems nice. Wish it were more affordable. It still starts $10K higher than a mid-range RAV4 Hybrid.  Does it qualify for the full $7500?
The ceo kinda looks like stevo lol
with teh R2 starting at 45k is qutie good.  still expensive for a bunch of people but manageable
Why on earth is the chargers port on the passenger side?????
Sooooo....nobody's gonna talk about how this man looks like what Steve O would look like if he didn't do drugs and decided to go into tech?
I want this!!!!
Steve-O if he never did drugs
Bring the R3/R3x to Europe - it would sell like hot potatoes (if the price is reasonable). Europeans love hot hatch style cars. I think it looks fantastic. Congratulations
Is this guy related to Stevie-o?
To accommodate V3 SuperCharger layout, NACS should be located driver’s side rear not passenger side 👎🏼
Totally loved R3 and R3X compact SUV retro styling with futuristic tail lights. Really appreciate what Rivian is doing by bringing out more affordable and compact EVs ❤
Why would they put the NACS port on the back right and not the left..?
Please keep being great Marques!
Bye rivian. You are about to bankrupt
god the 15 pro looks horrible with the fog and lens flare
Here’s some free advice your videos are great but please less you more car footage.
I'm disappointed he doesn't have a cameraman, but very impressed that a African American man doing something productive. Side note. They look like a cute couple, checking out a vehicle they want to buy.😂
Weren't you allowed to comment on the glass roof - as warmer places would be probably baking under that roof.  A RHD production question would have helped as well.
I don't understand most people, so your telling me this car looks cool? It has some cool tech that lots of electric cars already have, and release date is sometime on 2026, and drives about 300 miles? In winter will be about 250 or less so basically an average of 230 true range miles? Sounds right for 45k car. But cars already out and drives more than 300 miles why bug themselves and release this?  In 2026 and 2027 i expect this car to drive minimum of 400 miles at 75 high speeds and charges maximum at 15 min in a dc charging station.  This car features sucks for 2026 model and worse for 2027..... rivian if those numbers are true then you suck! I drive an electric car that was marketed at 300+ miles, you will lose 10% because you can't just drive to 0% then you lose another 70 miles in winter minimum and if you drive highway you lose another 50 miles depending how far you drive. Basically no this car won't sell as most people think unless its a city car only.
I hate it, but the ev's are becoming more and more likeable these days. With looks like that, I'd gladly go the ev route with a car like the R3/X.
Oh wow, they hired Steve O
R3 from the back looks exactly like some lada samara. Not cool.
Those lens could use a clean up
Big question how will R2 (release in 2026) compare to the NEW refreshed model Y (in 2026).   including model Y (ludicrous)
That dude looks like Steve-O if he went to college
R3 looks fun!
The r3 looks like the old audi golf...looks good....
Should have made the R2 electric lift 2-3 inches.  Would have absolutely killed it.
Knocked the R3X out of the park, unreal!!
I’m dying to place a deposit for the R3X! As long as they keep the pricing under control these will sell like crazy.
No questions about engineering or anything 🥱 also 2026 wtf?
Very impressed with Rivian. If I were to go electric, I'd get an R2 or R1S
When they say 300 miles range really means 150 maybe. If cold outside battery range is not predictable. Never put the cart before the horse. First need a proven battery that truly gets at the minimum 300 miles per charge at any temperature outside. Waiting for your vehicle to charge while traveling is old technology. Need to stop change out newly charged batteries within 10 minutes at the most and be on your way. People don’t want to wait for hours to charge their vehicles battery. Until this technology happens Electric vehicles are only for early adopters and techies.
They made a Golf SUV
Buddy look like a sane Steve O. Great review
I didn’t know that Rivian hired Steve-O for marketing/public relations.
Oh shit!!! This can compete very well against the new Volvo ex 30 and some of the premium chinese brands like BYD I must ask, will this be released outside the US PLEASE??? Namely mexico and if so what would be the pricing? I can totally see myself holding onto my mazda 3 turbo awd to upgrade to a 3, maybe a 2 when it releases?
I hope so the cars come too germany.
"ocean-based plastic"
Hell yeah Marques, you got some time with RJ!!
I noticed he didn't even thank RJ for his time and interview -- what a low class move
Great video as always but one Little suggestions marques:- when you shoot from your phone, please clean camera lens otherwise you see so much of glare lines around lights in every frame of video if you notice… thanks
Two wheel drive, so R2D2?
Been buying (RIVN) stock and will keep buying it. I like RJ and I believe his products and company will endure.
when europe?
All seats folding down is a huge plus, also the rear windows popping out, which I would have liked to have seen in this video….
Why is the NACS on the WRONG SIDE?
R 3 has an iconic design like a Mini Cooper.
These all seem like really impressive vehicles. I'd actually buy them I think. Still bummed they confirmed long ago that no carplay will ever come, but I understand the reasoning even if I don't fully agree with it.
man I'm really proud of Steve-O for really getting his life together!
Dude looks like steveo’s clean cut brother
I'm amazed! Nothing more to say
My high ass thought he was Steve-O at first
When did Steve O start a car company?
I thought brake lights and turn indicators should be on the fixed end of the back by regulation.
I used to like MKBHD because his honest reviews. It feels like he has invested interest in Rivian.
If the front was a bit meaner this would’ve been a really nice car
rivian r2 clapping cheeks seats
im digging the r3x
Very interesting thank you
Wait, why are we not asking why the NACS port is on the right instead of the left? It’s going to mess up the situation at all the superchargers. 🤦‍♂️
When can I buy a Rivian car in Europe?
Its very nice battery electric suv😊
Anyone else think that a custom R2-D2 themed Rivian would look sick?? White exterior, blue interior, with blue Rivian R2-D2 badges.
Im waiting for the r3x hopefully its is not 75k for thd car
I like Rivian R2 and R3, but can they survive until 2026 financially?
Clark Kent, is that you?
STEVE O on a different path
14:40 Andrew Tate is very excited about the R2! 👍🏼
The R3 looks amazing
Rivian is getting me pretty excited. I thought the R1S was a bit too big and Escalade-like, but the 2&3 look amazing and more like everyday cars - we’ll see where the price points sit….
Hey Marques! Saw that you made it out here to Laguna Beach for the Rivian event – that's incredible! It's such a cool coincidence to see you and @zacksjerryrig both attending. Hope you have an amazing time out there and I'm really looking forward to your insights on the new Rivian R2, R3 & R3X!!
That R3X tri motor...  I don't think anything in its class has that many motors correct?  Model Y only has 2, although they may do the bigger rear motor like they just did w new Model 3.  Would be nice to see these compete.
Can’t wait to see those Star Wars fans create an R2-D2 version.
And the R3X, my lord.
Marques does not look excited..but nice car.
So  R3x vs new Doge charger!
i thought that CEO looked like Steve-O 😂 great car tho
Damn. They did it. F*** Now I have to reevaluate my stance on getting a new vehicle within the next 5 yrs.  The R2 speaks to me in so many ways. Damn it! 🤣
The r3 and r3x looks straight out of CP2077 I seriously love it. This and the nvision 74 are a great design direction for future cars
the CEO has such a pleasant aura. He seems more excited than anyone possible for this own project.
I would have loved to see a R2X with dual motors and one with tri motors.
With the Fold down seats,, The Honda CRV does something similar, I think the Fit also.
Why is Steve-O the CEO of Rivian?
I love your videos, but sometimes when you swing the camera around so quickly it makes me nauseous. Probably because I was watching on a big tv, I’ll watch from now on via my phone screen 😅
Bro look like steveo if he went to college 😂...
Nice work Steve-o!
I had hoped that Rivian’s headlight arrangement would evolve into something more attractive with these new vehicles. I am disappointed that they made no changes to perhaps the only feature on their vehicles that is almost universally disliked. Oh well. And while I like the styling of the R2 and R3, I think the R3 is a dead ringer for a Soviet Lada. Google it.
He looks like a healthier Steve-O.
What the heck was that answer for no Bluetooth speakers?😮
when did steve became CEO ? 😅
Steve-O 💯
They copied Apple with the "one more thing" but I sort of wish they would have copied Apple with the "...and its available to pre-order now and ships next week".  Two years out is a long time.  Anything can happen in the next two years.  Good luck to them, tho.  If they do it right, the next two years should be production hell.
10:42 R3
Need a 35-40k truck, I'll buy it
Love RJ, the brand and these new vehicles. Rivian is going to do very well with these
Steve-o has really cleaned himself up.
Can that tent on top of R2 hold up bodies the way its set up?
I’m appreciate you RJ 👏
CEO is great. Very honest
It’s cool that he brought STEVE  O on the video
It looks like the Hyundai Ioniq on steroids😂
Those dynamic hapics on the wheel are wild. People NEED to realize that a screen may look cool, may be more "technological" than a physical control, but that doesn't mean it's better. Who here wants a mouse that doesn't click?
I'm a GM guy and I love that Rivian is pushing boundaries and forcing the other companies who've gotten complacent to act. These vehicles are pretty damn cool.
An electric suv which is not ugly. 👍👍😊
LOVE THIS NEW R2!
I'm really liking Rivian. They're shaping up to have a Great lineup. I like the R2, but am loving the R3 and R3X...
cant believe Marques talked to steve-o!
R3 is the Tesla Model 2 we never got 😂
Most down to earth CEO
The R3 would have made an awfully nice hatchback. I hate SUV madness.
The R3 looks like those small vehicle from some Cyberpunk 2077
While a lower price is nice, the main thing stoping me from even considering a rivian is the lack of Android Auto or Apple CarPlay support.
Is the Rivian CEO Steve-O?
The lens flares 💩
Love the R3/R3X
don't think it's shorter than a model Y though
The steering wheel wood at 6:33 is cracked and not flush. Needs quality control work. Not worth 75grand for a cracked interior.
The charge port is in the wrong place … what kind of weird decision is this? Front right or back left. Don’t fuck up the supercharger stalls. Jesus.
Nobody gonna mention how much the CEO looks like Steve-O?
Isn't the charge port in the wrong place! Shouldn't it be on the rear driver's side (like actual Teslas) to best take advantage of Tesla Superchargers?
Rivian vehicles look really nice and sold. I don't know anything about the real range of miles. I hope the #s are not overstated. Only time wil tell about the quality of these vehicles.
That guy looks like if Steveo never got on drugs
Dope. R3 looks like a VW Golf on roids. Love all of these new models.
Moved the charge port but still blocking two stalls is a blunder.
That guy looks like Steve-O
This is a car worth looking at it! R2 is a car that I will definitely buy. He understands that a lot of people want utility with their cars.
The R3 looks SO SICK!!! That thing is gonna sell like hot cakes.
how big is that R3, say, compared to the ionic 5?
I'd get an R2 over that Tesla egg anyday.
Didn't know that Steve O was the ceo of rivian
Alternative Universe Steve-O.
I really like the look of the R2 and R3. I'm thinking the R3 might be our family's first EV. Keep up the good work!
god damn he really do look like steveo
I do not understand the Right rear charge port.  Driver side charge makes more sense for convenience.  The only possible thing I see passenger side would be better is if there was such a think as street charging.
Those folding front seats reminds of JDM kei cars. Many of those also have fold flat seats for similar use cases.
Ceo looks like steve o
Is it just me who thought Steve-O works for RIVIAN Now ?
Been waiting on the R2 to replace my Model Y but gotta ask why did they choose to put the charge port on the passenger rear? They nailed everything else. I'm sure there's a reason but man that's a deal breaker. Hopefully the reason will come out before it ships.
The one thing that I don’t like is the glass roof. That’s the reason I can’t buy Tesla. I want to have an option to have it glass or close it with the thick roof. I don’t want to have any UV light and wrinkles! I don’t won’t to hear the rain crazy sound on the glass. I don’t want to seat in the heated glass car living in Florida! Please do the option with the sunroof 🙏
Don’t know when we can get ev car from China with massage chair, central ac, mini refrigerator And more.
So proud of Steve-O finding a job that has him so fulfilled and passionate!!😂
Why isn’t the charge port on the left hand side, like a Tesla would?
Why would you add NACS, move the charge port, and still have them on the wrong side?? 🤦🏾‍♂️
Well, they helped my call option position. Happy.
The CEO looks like Steve-O if he didn’t go through years of drug/physical abuse.
So that’s what Steve-0 been up to! Impressive!!!
not a single D2 joke? none??
Thank you for this video!
Cant wait to get a real hands-on without the handlers from you.
Can't wait to get my hands on a R3X.
Why is the charger on the wrong side.  The charging cable at Tesla superchargers isn't very long.   Why not just put the charge port on the driver side.
I'm really fond of this CEO; his humility and enthusiasm for his product are incredibly refreshing. He's deeply passionate about his work. The entire interview came across as a conversation between two gentlemen who are both genuinely excited about the technology, engaging in a relaxed and enjoyable chat. Super like !
Does it vrrrpha?
-Do we have the blutooth speaker? - No, because we had to do some price cuts
EVs trying to be more practical and affordable is refreshing to see. Too many of them are trying to be spaceships and tech demos.
Puerto Rico when? Tesla already got a service center here.
The name for "you can camp inside it with all the seats down"... is Honda Element :)
If you're going to shoot on a phone can you wipe the lens at least -.-
Really liking the R3x
Pretty sick!! R3 and R3X I love the CEO 🎉
Will this ever come to Europe?
I really hope Rivian stays afloat long enough for me to be able to buy an R2S
Wonder why they didn’t put the rear charge port on the rear left (viewed from rear) like on the Tesla if they’re adopting the Tesla standard charge port. Would make it even easier to use all Tesla superchargers 🤷‍♂️ Number of times I’ve had VW, jag & hyundai cars blocking a charging station due to location of their charge port, I assume this is a similar issue in America as it is in the uk with the Tesla chargers opening to other manufacturers where the superchargers other than v4 have cables that don’t reach charge ports that aren’t on the rear left (as viewed from behind (or passenger side on a RHD vehicle as in uk))
Next time show us more car less of the face we already know😅
It’s great that Steve-O has gotten into electric cars.
WOW Steve-o has come a long way. Kudos to him.
That guy looks like if Steve-O made better life choices
I would love to see an "R3 Compact Truck" from Rivian. It appears to me that the market is clamoring for an affordable, smaller EV truck. But I guess what the heck do I know. 🤷‍♂️
Camp mode = awesome
Can’t Marques afford a camera guy to hold the camera?
I love Rivian. But placing the new charge port at the rear right after knowing they're joining the Tesla network is dumbfounding. They had 2 proper choices -- the rear left, or better still, the front right. And they've missed both times -- first with the front left and now with the left rear. I'm speechless. How can such a smart company be so dumb?  And the pause on the Georgia plant is really concerning.
R3X gives the vibes of Lancia HF delta Integrity❤
Take my money already.
Remember always to clean the phone lens before interviewing Steve-O
Thank god, finally a 5 seat suv for the market!
The R3 is exactly what I want out of a car. Smaller, cheaper.
8:23 like the interior and that not everything is buried in the screen but these internal lights are stupid. It’s just blinding one side of your face. Who designed this?
Loved this....non nonsense CEO unlike mr.Musk .
Man, I can't wait to buy a Rivian. I love their styling and paint colors
Rivian just built the Gremlin EV! Was hoping for a smaller R2T but maybe that's coming. Love it all.
people can say what they want about EVs, but they do make some interesting cars.
Still rather buy a GX550
Glad to see steve-o doing well. Joking aside. Dope car
This company won’t be around in a few years. Battery only EV popularity is dying fast and thanks to hydrogen fuel and fuel cells and synthetic fuels you can make “green” people happier while getting the most of the same perks ICE have which btw aren’t going anywhere oil is here to stay! Plus the rivian company has the laziest designers ever. They just made a smaller r1. Do a different design for the cheaper models come on. It’s like if VW made a cheap 2 door that looked the same as their sister company Lamborghinis Aventador but was just 3 inches shorter and rear drive only! It’s insulting. Why pay the money? My neighbor bought one backed it out hoping people walking by would eye it and talk to him but nope they all went to the guy with the 2009 Audi R8 living next door to him lol. They just aren’t cool and don’t let the green crowd and these tech vloggers lie to you they never were. Btw my gas car doesn’t need an adapter to refill. Yet another perk.
The ceo kinda looks like if Steve O never met Johnny Knoxville
I love the fact we are gettong great options for EVs. Tesla Rivian and Lucid. Bring it on!
Kept waiting for him to promote Butt-Wipes
45 thousand dollars in pocket hmmm Should I get a honda prologueeeee orr a Rivian R2.. hm tough choice. LMAO
The steering controls are a nightmare if you want quick access to things when driving.
The R3 looks so nice!
R3 is going to sell like hotcakes
Love these man, wish I didn’t have to wait two years brother!
Nice review, Marques!  At least some "scoops" I had not seen/heard before.  Henrik Fisker must be pulling his hair out.
From Jackass to Rivian! Steve-O has come a long way
Maybe Apple saw these coming when they decided to throw in the towel.
Keep thinking that guy is steve-o 😂
R3T, single cab tiny tuck please ...
Hey polluters Battery cars are not the future. How are they going to dispose the bad batteries. Keep advertising junk no one is buying battery operated cars
Need them to make the R3X now!
That R3….damn. So good looking IMO. Futuristic meets retro. Sort of like Rivian’s take on Hyundai’s Ioniq 5. But I like this look better.
They are truly beautiful
Love the R1/R2/R3 name. Reminds me of Star Wars
This is so much cooler then a tesla will ever look
These look so good, dang!
Why didn’t they put the charger on the other side to avoid difficulties when using Tesla superchargers?
Well since fisker is going to close any day now that R2 is looking pretty good
sell tesla, buy rivian
Looks like Steve-O, but talk like Elon Musk 🙌🏼 this guy rocks!
I feel so bad for everyone who doesn't realize that such a car cannot be $45k from a new company that doesn't even make a profit on its original cars.
Love how the glass comes down in the back! Also love the fold down front seats. So cool! The only thing I don’t love is the steering wheel. I prefer dedicated buttons… Overall, very impressed! ❤
that shit look like a fennec bruh
Finally some cool and not expensive stuff and not from Tesla. But 2 years of waiting might be too much for my wallet
We need top ev chinese in the u.s as well to push all american auto brands to step up the game. I believe the govt is banning chinese cars bc we are not ahead of them right now and they are afraid the chinese come and just overwhelm the u.s market with their cars
I don’t see any other carmaker where the design language is so coherent.
So... how long before we see Start Wars tribute model R2D2
The CEO reminds me of Clark Kent.
Can not get over the front headlights. Just such a turn off. They are going to die on that hill even if it was the wrong design choice. I get trying something different but in that same breath evolution is key. Such a shame.
RJ looks like a sophisticated SteveO 😂
Is this video shot on iPhone?
Its not enough building nice car, more important is how easily it is built in numbers to make it financially viable. There is still too much going on with this truck
Steve-O has really turned his life around… crazy
R3X is awesome
Very funny, that a regular size suv In other countries is called a compact car in the us ahahahahah
ANd gives us Apple CarPlay please!!!
He looks like Steve-O more mature cousin 😄
Love it, but it’s a full TWO YEARS AWAY as listed on the Rivian web site. This needs to come out within 6 months to change Rivan from bleeding money. I love them, but I hope they can just hold on because within two years there will be so many other options coming from other makes - and that includes the major brands!
Is it me or RJ is the nerd Steve O? 😶
When is R3 coming out?
R3X looks amazing
Yeap
That R3 surprise got me stoked. My dream daily driver now. Love the aesthetic. So vintage and simple but with all the latest tech. I really hope the best for Rivian.
Dude, I’m a big fan of just about everything you and the rest of the studio does. Also, I specifically really like auto focus. It’s my Doug DeMuro without goofy ass Doug DeMuro lol ❤   With all that being said, maybe if/when you have guests on, you switch from shooting on an iPhone?  Idk, just kind of felt weird.  Just trying to provide some constructive criticism. You guys are awesome 😊😊
Isn't NACS port on the wrong side at the rear?  Should be driver's side rear to use Tesla's superchargers OR passenger front.
Dayum... Very cool cars. I wish the legacy brands would wake up, think from 0 and THEN apply their heritage and decades long experience.
RJ's voice sounds just like a person who just took a drag off a smoke and speaks while exhaling.
these will be all over the world one day, im telling you
I know it is kind of part of their brand, but I wish they were less committed to the big, rectangular front.  There is no engine in there; you don't need a front that sticks out that far! Obviously you probably need some amount of crumple zone, but you could still probably slope it down more and save a lot of pedestrians' lives.
Charge port location looks annoying to access, bending over to plug/unplug will get old quick.
270 range for the base is a big oooof
Was the event in illinois?
Why dd they put the charge port on the passenger rear and not driver rear?
R2 tri-motor should have been an R2X standalone. Only makes sense after the R3X.
I have to admit the scroll wheels on the steering wheel is well implemented   I think the rear seats could use a vertical hand grab on the b pillar to get in and out of  and I think the frunk still needs to open up like the f150 to have a lower lift over height
ceo seems like a great guy. but he also looks like steve-o
The size of R3 is perfect. The X version looks badass. I want one lol.
R3X is what I want! First EV ive been excited for.
Awesome stuff. Just reserved the R2.
Love the scroll wheels and the the compass.
Quite exciting! The R3 is certainly a unique look and it is already growing on me!
Marques just hates the R3X color!!!
Launch R3 in India before Tesla & you'll get the massive sale boost
That dude looks like a  steevo who never did drugs
R3X is hot 🔥
ceo looks like steveo if he never did drugs or jackahh
If Steve-O went to MIT instead of clown school
damn, steve-o really cleaned himself up, good on you man
That dude kinda look like if Steve-O really got his shit together.
Would these come with a tesla extension cord for super chargers since the charge port is on the opposite side?  Rivian's charging at a Tesla Supercharger taking up 2 spots to charge may not be too popular?
All marques can say is that it's interesting hahaha
I used to clean and drive a wide range of rental cars for Hertz, which included Teslas. One of the things I don't like about them- and, to be honest, modern cars in general- is that a myriad of buttons on the steering wheel can be a little cumbersome to navigate, especially while trying to divide attention between them and driving. Those dials on the newer Rivians could make controls much less distracting.
Can't believe Steve-O is the CEO of Rivian. Awesome car by the way. We really really really (with vegemite on top) hope this model makes it to Australia.
Why does the CEO look like Steve-O's cousin?
Rivian always offered great cars. No questions about that and R3 was what people needed. The problem is the repairability and parts supply issues. They gotta partner with bigger manufacturers to resolve that. It's like a ticking time bomb of repair bills and insurance won't stomach that.
R3 looks absolutely enticing 😍
Why are you interviewing Steve-O?
R3X is kind of my dream car???
Are rear brake lights permitted to be mounted on a movable component of the vehicle now?
R3 is gonna be a SICK city car
bro that was the CEO? he seems so chill. no toxic sales energy at all.
he can keep his comments but tesla is good
we've seen the tesla plaid with a honda odyssey body, now I want to see a r3x with a mk2 golf body.
Like this comment if you all Love the R3!
Awesome review..... trust me, we all wanted to see it after hearing about the more affordable mid size.... I would definitely buy one.
I hope Rivian comes to India. Amazing cars. R3 will be a big hit in India.But all things apart, Marques, those lens flares are blinding. Horrible lens flares. I don't know what camera or phone you're using. It's not great for indoor shooting with a lot of light around you.
RJ, I like it, I would consider buying probably a used one someday. However. I think the roof height of the R1S should have been kept with the R2, and I really urge you to PLEASE RECONSIDER THE LOW ROOF HEIGHT prior to production. People like airy, boxy SUVs with high roofs. It's kinda like having a higher roof in a house, or apartment, it makes everything feel lighter and more spacious, and is more pleasant. The R1S roof was already low for the size of the vehicle. This should have a higher roof ... period.   Also, you should make rigid, framed mosquito screens that fit the four window openings, so people can put the mosquito screens in, say the top 1/3 of the window opening, and sleep with the windows cracked in a screened environment. Obviously I have some experience camping in a car. I converted a car to sleep in the back. I also have extensive tenting experience. There is NO COMPARISON between the safety, weather-proofing, and fun things like a radio, heater, and sunroof/ power windows, and full suspension.. car camping is WAY, WAY BETTER. you get to sleep better not worrying about the issues of tent camping.   HOWEVER... Mosquitos will instantly destroy that experience, and I don't understand in 2024 how a car company can advertise car camping without showing the mosquito nets.
The new cars look nice, but 2 years will change a lot in Tech and EV market, as well as the cost for the battery.  If R2 comes in 2026, it would be too late for this Brand.
Please tell me the R2 dual motor version will be the R2 D2?
They really did save the best for last, that R3X is sick.
is thay Steve-o??
Love Rivian! Love to see them bring competition to the EV space. I hope they can make it as a company
I would buy this as a student in uni. lol
Really like the rivian idea giving the technology without too much funkiness
So I've been driving this car for two weeks now....
Congrats to SteveO’s brother!
why on the right rear port? .. shouldnt nacs be accessed by left rear charge port? this is gonna waste 2 spaces yet again
Glad to see Steve-o cleaned up his act
R2 looks cool but the R3/R3X stole the show for me, depending on the price and timeline I’d definitely put a deposit down on one
Super excited about the R3 and R3X.  Reminds me of old school hot hatches that I love
Man….Steve-O is doing big things at Rivian!
Lightskin Marques in the thumbnail
why is the charger on the passenger side. it will have a problem using tesla supercharger.
Didn’t know that Steve-O worked for Rivian.
Rivian is going to go bankrupt before they can bring this car to market.
I was hoping you'd ask if the adjustable ride height would be included in the R2. That's a very integral component of the R1 line, which definitely adds to the big price tag. Curious if they managed to keep that for R2 at all.  In an age when leaks are common, this absolutely captured the moment of WOW!
Man rivian is killing it
Missed the chance to name (or nickname) the R2 with dual motor model as R2-D2!
Wow. I didn’t know Steve O runs Rivian.
Def @steveo twin bro
I haven't seen electric rear pop out cargo windows since the (W163) Mercedes ML of the late 1990's! There's just one more 'option' Rivian needs to make available, RHD!! Please, and thank you :D
my god the R3 and R3x looking hella nice, better looking than ioniq for sure
Didnt know Steve-os real name was RJ
Is it going to have a portable speaker
I must. Resist. Buying a Rivian R3X.   No. Get away from my wallet.
Steve-o really turned his life around
Marques rocking the same pride band as me :3
R3 looks fun!
Please produce an R2D2 version
it's crazy how successful Steve-O has become
R1 loses 43k cheaper vehicle will lose more bankruptcy here we come, who will buy them Titanic for sale.
You buy a Model Y…but when you grow up…you get a Rivian R2 R3 or R3X
Steve O is that you?
They nailed the design of the r3
Still not available in Europe?
Steve-O's more intelligent and sober brother...
first it was baby g wagon now theres the baby RT1 for all the surburban moms😂
A very interesting car, but that front end gives me amphicar vibes.
Love the direction Rivian is going
feels like the chrysler town and country with the seat going flat and the 3rd row windows opening they seem to also have hide away hole like the stow an go on the minivan
Dude looks like Steve-O
A huge W for tech!
Move charge port to the back left.
Drop glass in the back wins 🙌😊
Why would they put the port on the right side? That makes it incompatible with tesla superchargers.
Nice to see Steve-O finally doing something productive.
There is a charger - “and it will work” 😂👍
Random question, but would it be possible to make a fully enclosed trunk, like the front trunks on the Rivian models, RFID blocking? With all of the smash-and-grabs happening I was curious if they could hide the signal of a laptop from criminals. Or with the R2s the two glove boxes could be RFID blockers so you could leave a laptop or tablet in your car with some peace of mind.
Didn't know Steve O was the CEO of Rivian 🧐
Wake me up when an R3T exists.
The headlights are a horrible mistake. This could be bigger just based on the front lights.  🗑️
that R3 back is fucking SEXY bro. Feels like a cyperpunk 80's hatchback or something.
45k base meaning no one's getting away without spending 52k plus for something that's uglier and worse performance than a hybrid rav-4/CRV(which cost 10k less)? Makes no sense. R3 makes a bit more sense and is more attractive.
If it’s 2 wheel drive, is it an R2-D2?
Can we go back to a normal ceiling instead of glass, at least as an option?
Love the R3 it's great looking and very retro and shows we don't need massive cars to be utilitarian. More automakers need to make this an option.
If I could.. I'd get the R3 or R3X... And black out the oranges... The panda color theme would be super sick with it..   Or any color with blacked out details..  Wow this is really cool.. Now I wish I was in the market where I could get this..
Interesting the haptic wheel idea has already been explored in a synth called the 'Nina' form Melbourne Instruments. This type of haptic knob or wheel could be used in everything.
RJ is cool. Looks like if Steve O was smart and didn't mess up his brain and body, lol.
The Rivian CEO looks like alternate universe Steve-O who took the straight and narrow 😅
If they simplify and things not breaking or shutting down like the R1, I'm game
This guy looks like if Steve-o didn’t do whip-it’s everyday for 15 years 😂
R3 will still need changes to that rear lighting to make it street legal. They point out that it doesn't wrap around, but there's no other lights on the side at the back either, that won't pass muster.
American auto manufacturers need to take closer looks at the Chinese cars… they have most of these features and more.
Steve O made a pretty good car
Thank you!
OK, so here is R2…. So where is D2 ?
Why is the quality shit
R3X is where it’s at! That thing is timeless!!!
Many Japanese cars have fold-flat seats and don’t even advertise it. All three rows in the Pajero. They fold the other way though, so you don’t need an air mattress.
He looks like steve-o but without the years of body abuse.
Love the hatchback, R3.  Finally, an EV that is not an SUV.
First time I've ever wanted to preorder a car
What tires are those? All I see is Goodyear on them
the ability to camp in the r2 is super cool. that’s one of the first features i’ve seen that makes me want an electric car.
love the design and cars looks unique and its out of the crowd
R2 is very nice, but the R3, R3X are way more exciting! Very cool!
Steve-O has really mellowed out!
Trying to do too much. I enjoy the thoughts tho
still too expensive
R2 is still annoyingly large, but the R3/X look about as good as we'll get, since nobody wants to make EV sedans anymore (the American car market is evil)
Well, it appears they finally did it, they found the worst possible place to put the charge port. The furthest possible corner from where the driver exits the vehicle, and therefore has to walk the longest distance to plug it in every night, and unplug every morning. But still on the opposite side of the car from where Tesla put theirs so it still won't sit nicely at a supercharger to take advantage of the new NACS port. Did they not put any thought at all into that location?
I’m so glad I bought stocks with these guys .. 20+ years from now I hope I can come back to read this comment ‼️
Cool car but why adopt NACS but then put it on the wrong side so it can’t use tesla chargers?
Absolutely love both those new cars. Well done Rivian
Steve-O did great after Jackass.
I... I actually want the R3. It's so 80s.
didn't know steve o made EVs
Is that Steve-O?
They should have a trim level called D2.
OMG change those goofy headlights!!
rear headliner lights should move to the front of the handle.  being in the rear of handle its just shinning on your face
Will the reliability and repair cost be the same as the R1S/T
We all just gonna pretend that's not Steve-O w/ glasses?
How about range..
RJ seems like a pretty chill guy it always gets me how comically long the front trunk of the Rivians are & i swear every new model makes them longer
Why do they continue to use leather on steering wheels?
Steve-O started a car company?
Thought that was Steve-O for second lol.
they should slope the front of the R3 back a bit to look better
Steve-o looks amazing.
The R3 is absolutely adorable. I want one.
R3X is probably the first EV I could see myself owning.   Small, fast, practical, high clearance off pavement capable.
No Bluetooth speak. I AM OUT.
RJ looks like Steve O if he didn't join jackass
RJ look like a calm Steve-O. I can tell he love what he does. Good work
I like what Steve-O has done with his life. What an inspiration
Still no Apple CarPlay/Android Auto? 👎
Steve-O has really come a long way.
Solid competition for the Y. Great work Rivian team! Especially on the fact that the front seats 💺 fold flat for glamping purposes 🎉
I want an R2 and put D2 on the license plate
R3 is the first car I've been interested in for awhile, I've been waiting for an EV firm to bring back the hot hatch vibes in a small car
R3X offroad/overland setup would be sick
WHYYYY go NACS but put the charge-port door on the passenger side? So not a good move with TESLA charging and cables being so short...
Ahhhhh man I'm in love with that R3X! Dam I think I'm finally going full EV for the next vehicle.
Well this reeeeeeally killed my plans of getting a Model Y
O come on now...!!!  Please bring them to India...🙏🙏
STEVE-O!
Love the new designs, R3 has me thinking about a Lada Niva, but sexier if that’s possible. 🙂
I’m not a hatchback guy at all but that R3X made me smile. It’s cool looking 80s retro mix with rally yet futuristic all in one. I bet it’s fast as hell too. Elon is gonna need to release that Roadster soon because Rivian is doing great things. I wonder if Tesla would ever buy out Rivian and just keep them as a separate product from the S3XY lineup.
steve-o has come a long way after quitting drugs
R3 can dominate markets in nations which rely on smaller footprint cars if they price it right.
It's nice to see Steve-O having success in his new career.
Are you sure that’s not Johnny Knoxville?!
Gimmie that R3X NOW!! It's exactly what VW should've done with the Golf, but they missed so hard that it's painful.
Just need to make it in a single cab truck format!
It’s not a Tesla and I love it
They are losing $30,000 per truck sold btw and ive still never seen one of the road in 3 years and i drive for a living in a upper middle class city
Can’t believe he removed the Steve-O comment
3:38 Good direction with going with NACS charge port. But Rivian needs to put it on the LHD driverside
Wow Steve-O really reinvented himself after jackass
Car wheels are getting too big overall.
I wish they'd gone directly to the R3/R3X and held the R2 for later. We need smaller, truly affordable (and cool!) EVs NOW, that's what people are waiting for. We don't need one more $45k - $60k overpowered car. The R2 is at least two years away, probably more, and, let's face it, Rivian is in serious financial trouble right now. It's going to be a small miracle if the R2 comes out at all. I have a feeling this is the last we'll see of the R3. I wish they'd bet the future of the company on R3, not R2. I think it would have had a better chance of success.
Tell me which CEO of a major electric company actually shows around his car to media and answers their question immediately
I liked the R1S but always thought it was little too big, the R2 and R3 look more like a realistic proposition. Question for me is, are they small enough to make the transition to the other side of the pond and right and drive?
I’m excited about the R2!
As opposed to the ocean with no glove boxes. Rivian is trolling Fisker
Im hearing, Rivian learned some lessons from Tesla. Unlike Tesla they can cut some things but still add innovations to keep the price manageable.
Already put in my reservation!
I swear I was looking at STEVE-O when RJ walked up. No shade!
R2 is a bronco sport size id assume?
Steve-O is looking good....
the charge port should be on the same side as Tesla to avoid arguments at the charge station
Steve-O is making cars now?! 😯
Combining the Tesla autopilot tech + Tesla climate control + Android Auto + Rivian R2 body - World beater EV car in Midsize SUV but unfortunately would always be a dream.
Very nice, I imagine we'll see a lot of these around SoCal.
Preorder for R2 sent, I’m rooting for this company.
Clean your camera lens marques please
Exactly where you don’t want the charge port when using Tesla chargers. And makes no sense, who exits their car and walks to the passenger side? Unnatural
Very good looking vehicle lineup,however EVs do not make absolutely any sense in use  not practical unless one lives in a free standing home ,Not for city living, their prices are 0.1% of population,for example NYC out of 80 000 registered vehicles barely 1.5% are EVs .We have 4 cars do you mean that i have to spend close to HALF A MILLION $ REPLACE ,that includes insurance which is much much higher on EVs repairs crazy high, replacing a battery maybe $15,000  to$18 000 . VW coyly advances prices of ICE cars to their electrics  thinking that no one will catch that circus trick perhaps they forgot their software escapade with diesel cars.In conclusion NOT PRACTICAL,COSTLY NOT GREEN AT ALL ,POLLUTING  IN PRODUCTION USING CHILD LABOR IN AFRICA,( look and find on youtube production of Li / lithium) polluting ground waters in South East Asia,forgetting about Water circulation around our planet , Inability of our power plants to fulfill the power demand ,Swiss are already limiting EVs,Norway is not plenty of gas from the NORTH SEA.Elon MASk definatelly  benefited 2022 june market valuation was $ about 720 billion?????????with only ability to function about 3 or 4 month.
I am not a fan of modern cars, because they are overloaded with electronics, most of which I don't find desirable and would only cause issues and cost once the car ages. Sadly, this includes EVs by nature. I gotta say though, of all the EVs existing, I think Rivian is appealing the most to me. Interesting and clean design, good performance, quite some personality, well thought functionality and a bit more playful, than the usual suspects of the car market. R1T, R2 and also R3, all very appealing vehicles to me. I hope Rivian can really ground itself in the market for the future and that it stays true to what it offers now.
RJ looks like Steve-o lol
Super cool 😊
RJ is like if Steve O took a completely different path in life
I thought that was Steve-O at first
That guy looks like Steve-O if he went to college.
What about the D2
When people gonna wake up electric ⚡️ is not the future this company won’t last
Steve-O really seems to know a lot about the Rivian. He’s really matured.
#ad
Steve-O has really turned his life around.
I was really hoping to see an R2T, but these all look sick
If Steve-O and Adam Corolla had a baby....RJ!
Iam not buying EV until its charged full in 15-20 min
Looks great, but trying to understand why Rivian would place the NACS port on the passenger (wrong) side. Like, I know these are only prototypes, but Tesla NACS ports have always been on the driver side.
R2 really is the ideal car for lots of people. Looked up the size, it's virtually the same size as a Honda CRV, which are extremely popular for good reason. I'm excited for it! Could be my future car.
The R3 got my attention!
Why not put the J3400 charge port on the rear left if you're changing it anyway? Tesla is unlikely to extend their absurdly short cables anytime soon, so Rivians will still take up two stalls when charging at a Supercharger until other charging stations eventually switch to the NACS connector with more reasonable cable lengths.
The R2 is the first time I've been interested in owning an EV as a daily driver. I put in my deposit, hoping that availability is there and the price stays around that $45k base (I doubt both, but fingers crossed)
Isn’t the NACS charging port supposed to be back left? Why would they move it to the back but on the wrong side.. so that it would still take up 2 charging spots??
Alternate universe Steve-O
The R3X is one of those rare EVs I can actually get excited about. It's like an oversized rally car. Sweet.
Why move the charge port, yet still not on the left side?
That's pretty nice looking 👍🏻
Bad placement of the charge port ! Easily wreckable in a car accident !
RJ looks like Steve-0
The R3 looks like a beefed up Fiat uno lol
Waiting for someone to buy an R2 and put on an R2D2 wrap on it
Stop making videos about cars dude. You can't fit in
fking iphone gives me astigmatism
Rivian is for me soooo much better than Tesla. From the beginning quality, great inventions, no blabla.
they need to make a porsche killer
MKBHD has been a joke for a few years now.  No thanks.
*THE* R2, *THE* R3, "The Rivian R2," etc. It's not a guy. It's an object, of which there are many, and you're referring to a singular example thereof. Apple destroyed English in the technology world, I swear to christ. "For those who have driven *an* R1," not "for those who have driven R1."  "The iPhone 15 offers shiny new things," vs "iPhone 15 offers" etc  etc. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_mDTLphIVY
Iconic front end!? I mean the brand has only been around a few years! lol
Man do I love the R2.  Most likely will be my next EV.
Steve-O got his voice back!!
The R2 Looks like a 1975 Honda civic… I thought Rivian was going to go bankrupt before. No I’m positive they will…
Anyone else see the "Powered Tent" screen at 7:26 with what looks like a temp control for the tent?
Is that StiveO from Jack**s ? 😂😂
Now I know what Stev-O would have looked like without drugs 😂
Wow, just incredible! Setting the stage for future EV's at an affordable price point. Rivian has been under heat since their latest earnings report, but I imagine it'll only get better from here.
This guy sounds like he inhales deep voice gas 😅😅
I love those huge scroll wheels on the steering wheel!
Looks nice.  Hopefully they'll move the NACS port.
Lada Niva vives
I thought Marques was with Steve-O lmfao
That R3X is the first new EV that has got me truly excited. It looks so incredibly cool, a modern EV rally hatchback. Add me to the (already astronomically long) list!!!
Dude looks like Steve-o
I like how they said that they can use a Tesla charger without saying they can use a Tesla charger lol
Hope they make it 👍🏻🫶
R3 gives me Cyberpunk vibes
Depending on the price of the R3 Rivian may be surprised by the market response. RJ might "need a bigger boat" to ship all the R3s the market demands...
My Dad ran into RJ at a Whole Foods in OC a few months back. He told me that at first he just thought he was some dude with a Rivian T-Shirt on and started talking to him since we have a neighbor who works there. It turned out it was RJ who is the CEO. He made a good impression on my Dad and from this video I can see why. He seems very down to earth and passionate about Rivian!
An R2T would be really nice…
Where's D2
That guy looks like a respectable Steve-O
Really like how they incorporated foldable front seats, rear window/hatch, and simple yet awesome steering wheel control buttons. Tesla could learn a thing or two from  Rivian
R3X 😍
Hold up - the R3X is going to come with a tri motor????? thats insane. imagine the power to weight ratio 🤯
Marques, tell RJ they need to move the charge port to the other side otherwise when someone pulls into a Tesla supercharger to charge they will be blocking another charger.   Tesla superchargers are based on the vehicle’s port being on the rear driver’s side.
Do you still have to replace the entire body if you bump the fender?
Clark Kent by day, Superman by night.
I think the R3 would be successful in the Canadian market and having an NACS charge port would "seal the deal" because it would make long distance driving more enjoyable.
Please Rivian make the panoramic roof optional, not everyone wants an unnecessary panoramic roof. I won't buy a Rivian because of the standard panoramic roof.
I really, really, really wish you had a video crew with you instead of the selfie stick. That green dot 😖...   That aside, *thank you for the video!* If I could afford a new vehicle right now, the R2 would be perfect. Right size, mileage and great design.
No one else thought that RJ looks like Steve-O?
13:10 I don’t think the glass opening by itself makes sense for the vehicle that will be the least inexpensive
The R3 has really good vision, no huge blindspots, would have great export potential.
the iphone really botched the video quality in this video
Please let RJ know that the R3 looks to be the most exciting mass market EV yet. I drive a little Mitsubishi AWD  SUV because of the adverse road conditions  I experience where I live.  An AWD R3 would be the perfect replacement for the vehicle I currently drive.
The front seats folding down is cool but I've put an inflatable Queen size mattress into the back of my model 3 just fine.
Getting Oceans vibes 😭
Why did I think a "so I've been driving this thing around for the last week" was coming from him in this video?
the C pillar makes it look like it has sideburns
Will there be any options for potential customers who are not adventure minded?
My next car is going to be R2  The price and space is best price we can bargain. ❤😊🎉
I needed this in high school 😂
Lada niva reimagined = Rivian R3 & R3x.   Kudos to the rivian designing team. This is arguably the best looking EVs right now. May even tops Taycans and RS e-trons
R3 has a modern retro looking back
Competition is good. We'll get there eventually if companies keep innovating and making their products more accessible.
The charging port is on the wrong side!! 😫😫 You’re going to still block stalls at Tesla chargers.
Nice to see Steve-O is working at Rivian !!!
Is that Steve o
The guy is exactly like Steve-O !!!
OMG, R3 looks like a Lada Niva (Which is a good thing as it is an iconic look) so excited about the possibility of this vehicle! release it tomorrow! What about R2T!!! Rivian, please make an electric competitor to the Ford Maverick but without the crew cab (make it an extended cab!)
Steve O got a real job
Dude looks like Steve-O
every time I see this guy. can't stop. when did Steve - 0 become a Ceo a car company
almost too small like a toy, mini cooper is in trouble hhh
RJ Looks like he could be Steve-O's twin
Love everything I see on the Rivian R2 except the charging port. Looks like an afterthought.
R3X just might bring Jeremy and the boys out of retirement for one more adventure
So Steve-O is building EV's now. Huh.
Yes!!!! I have been waiting for this truck!!
Does the r3 also have the fold flat front seats?
1:55 so R2 is smaller than X5 /GLE AS WELL (even model Y is smaller than X3).. Good to know. But since it's an EV, the interior space would be more.
Rivian. If Tesla and Subaru had a baby.
I cant be the only one who thinks he looks like smart steve-o
Need to move the port to the other side
why is the charger in the back right corner? that is going to make it take up an extra space at the Super charger stations
I totally thought that was Steve-O when I first saw him
The glass roof is sweet, but, is there an opaque one for Arizona?
I just need to know when I can put a deposit on the R3X. That will replace my Volvo C40 unless something crazy unforeseen happens.
8 minutes in and I already reserved an R2. Looks freaking amazing!!
nice prototype, when will production start? Oh wait, they need to build a factory first.
RJ must be one hell of a salesman to hook investors in the early days.
He looks like 200iq steve-o
I was waiting for this if I can ever afford an EV this is what I would get
What do you guys think about that front end iconic maybe but not for me it's ugly but nice vehicle.
Very nice of Steve-O to help out!
So that's how Steve-O in college would look like
Interior is so much better than Tesla. it looks like they put some thought into the screen placement. I just can’t get over how cold the Tesla interior looks.
R3 looks like a Lada Niva.
I thought RJ was Steve-O for a split second there
I put a deposit on the R2, but I also really like the R3. I liked the R1S from the first time I saw it,but it was always more than I could justify spending, however the R2 really preserves the Rivian aesthetic while being more affordable. I have an ID.4 now that is fairly practical but the front passenger seat doesn’t fold and they didn’t really consider towing at all.
The R3 looks like a modernized form of a classic VW Rabbit and I LOVE IT
will they just keep making the R1T as is?
Asking the real questions
Can you make it not look like a cartoon?
My god! You Can just ser how happy and passionate RJ is! It’s amazing what Rivian has done and is capable of achieving hoping to see a lot more from the R3X
So they moved the NACS charge port on the back right side instead of the back left which means it is going to block two charging spots at all V2 and V3 Tesla Superchargers. Why in the hell would they put it on that side in the US?
Come on Rivian for keeping cars exciting still !👍🏿
Rivian be like [cough] Apple [cough]...that scroll wheel give me iPod click wheel vibes
Love how excited and proud RJ is about when talking about the R2's engineering. R2/R3 are an amazing development.
Really like the R3!  Reminds me of a modernized take on the old Lada Niva
If they were gonna use NACS...  why wouldn't they just put the charge port on the rear driver side like a Tesla?
This guy looks like Steve O if he didn’t have brain damage.
Please for the love of God move the charge port to the driver side. Tesla supercharger cables will not reach that far. Come on Rivian make it happen.
Soros is heavily invested in Rivian.  Buying one helps the border situation in the wrong way.
I think the R3 will be my next car if I'm lucky.
10:35 ok wait. The glass on the ceiling does it for me. This is too genius.
Very cool and obviously Rivian had to do this to be competitive. They need a car that they can sell 2 million of every year. I am surprised about one thing: they've switched to NACS. Wonderful. Why is the charging port on the passenger side and not the driver side? The ABSOLUTELY need to change that, otherwise, once again, on the older super chargers, they'll be taking up two spots. I'm kinda stunned Marques didn't bring that fact up. Maybe there's an explanation I'm missing? Some thought process they came up with? They have time to switch and they obviously should.
10:10 wait does any other car have this?
i can see r3 price can be a tad cheaper if they remove the glass roof and the double rear gate.
I can't believe i am saying this, but i actually like this one 😮(EV hater)
Behold the new Dodge Omni EV!!!
He looks like a ceo version of Steve-O
Am I the only one that thought RJ looks like Steve O?
I can't believe that Marques still film these himself. Running the #1 unquestionable tech channel on YouTube... Still humble keeping the experience as if a buddy of yours just sent you a video of something cool they just found.  That's amazing, FANTASTIC JOB!
What an awesome CEO and car company.
When will the gloss black trim fad go away, it will look SO DATED in a few years… This car is brand new and the gloss black bits already look scratched up
R2D2😂
Shout out to Steve-O's brother for helping out with this video !
7:20 blud got the GTA skin
Really nice to see Steve-O doing cars after Jackass
RJ looks like Steve-o’s straight laced cousin Stanley
He looks like a Harvard version of Steve-O
The scroll on the steering wheel is great
Ok the steering wheel is too nice.
R3 is sick, I love it, I want it, I see a problem with it possibly. From my understanding cars in the United States need to have brake lights on a non-moving piece of body. You can have them on moving parts, but then there must also be some that are not on that part. The R3's entire back light is on the moving hatch. Is that road legal in the US?
Wait…Steve-O from Jackass works at Rivian now? 😂
I can't believe it took this long to make a vehicle with front seats that fold flat too!  big ups on the haptics wheels. cars should have real buttons and switches, not touchscreen only. and certainly not those stupid as hell touch buttons. whomever keeps putting that nonsense in cars (or on tvs or anywhere!) should be fired immediately.  The crazy acceleration.... cool, but not the safest idea. it's just asking for young people to make poor decisions.
I cannot wait for the r3x. That sounds sweet!
R2 looks like the concept Tata siërra from India 1:33  Or the design language looks the same
that guys just trying to sell the car. lol
So many missed opportunities with the R2. Tesla would not have let that opportunity go by. Like, at least, make it show a hologram of Leia saying "Help me Obi Wan Kenobi" or a grey and blue lines its all I ask.
Wow… This is better than the R1. I would love to get my hands on one of these.
So Clark Kent is a car salesman?
RJ looks like Steve-O's long lost twin lmao
Pretty cool to see that steve-o found a new passion
When is that R3 coming to the UK
Base should be $27,000
So weird how rivian constantly scores at the bottom on consumer reports etc. But mkhd pumps them like a shitcoin crypto rugpuller. Does mans own like a million shares of rivian he bought at 60$ and is hoping he can pump them back or what??
Rivian's CEO is what you'd get if Steve-O and Tay Zonday had a baby.
I'm loving these new vehicles
I’m not a huge fan of the back of the r2 but I really like the back of the r3. They remind me of Land Rover. Tiny little things lol
The R2 is really going to give the model Y a run for its money
I wish they had a option to be able  to select different bumper with light that looks more aggressive
These are awesome ,dont think i can afford it though .....also i think RJ looks like steve o's much more responsible brother
Is RJ just Steve-O with a normal voice
These cars need to come with microwaves
Not driving an amazon car
SteveO looking ass
Underwhelming plymouth horizon
RJ looks like Steve-o
Wow! Soon there will be (3) Rivians in our family: R1S, R2 tri-motor, R3X tri-motor!!!
I can't get over how much RJ looks like Steve O 😂 super interesting vehicles though
so has Rivian got a plan for battery replacements?
Add solar panels
R3X seems like it will be an awesome EV rally car
The full camp mode would be perfect with video streaming
Preordered R2, by 2026 I'll probably swap my Model Y for R2. That said, shame the put the charger port on the right side of the car. If you already moved it, why not move it to the left so it works on most superchargers?
Never thought that Steve o made this car
Low key thought Steve-O was designing cars for a hot minute.   Great job designing a beautiful SUV.
i am obsessed with the design of the R3! i'm not a fan of the styling of most modern cars, i drive an 80s toyota lol, but the R3 has totally won me over. i want one, thanks marques for the first look :))
There is a smudge on your camera lens Marques Brownlee 😜
Rivian is the best EV company
Releases new R2... everyone prefers R3 and R3X 😜😜
Isn’t the charge port on the wrong side? The length of Tesla chargers are made to be plugged into the driver side.
Great overview ❤
RJ is Steve-O if Steve-O went to college and didn’t do drugs
I want this company to do well.  Very well.
Guy you’re talking with is like Steve-o if he had done rehab when he was 22.
Tesla chargers on if you back up are on the left, not right. Why would they do this?
$50,000 after taxes. So affordable!
Damn I didn't know Steve-O was the CEO of Rivian! 🤯
I think rivian are awesome . Cool design, functionality and rj seems like a down to earth guy
The R3X is actually really neat! From an F150 owner all of these vehicles are beautifully designed. I would love to see what their next adventures hold for trucks as well. I think the R3X would be fun to toss around; maybe it’ll become the EV jeep/bronco 🤯
No cool seat??
Rivian taking the electric vehicle lane by storm. It’s so awesome
steve urkel af
Why didn’t the close the door 🤔?  It kinda look cramped and they are hiding it?
Every time he says "R2" I think of Artoo from Star Wars...There better be a Rivian/Star Wars Collab here...Nissan was somehow able to pull it off...
STEVOO
Steve-O looks great! 😅
the R3 side profile reminds me of my old VW Rabbit.
R3 emanates massive vibes of classic hatch, thinking first gen Honda CIVIC and Fiat 127. Big question is when are these things coming to Europe?
that dude is sober Steve-o
This is crazy and fire !!! wow $RIVN
Really thinking about selling my house, buying one of these, and living in it near a charging station 😅
R3 is a sweet little hatch, but that rear end isn't street legal.  Tail lights must be visible to the rear when the trunk is open.  So that's definitely gonna change.
I gotta say these rivians are growing on me.
Apple should just buy the company
Back right corner for charge port is the worst possible location.  I don't understand this move.
That's Steve-O
Steve-O really turned it all around! 👏👏
that guy looks like a clean Steve O
Man you got RJ to give you an interview, very cool.
Did they put the charging port on the passenger side just for fun? All Superchargers are designed for Teslas that have the charging port on the driver side. Why?
Why back right corner and not back left like Tesla? If it's to easily access the supercharger network, shouldn't it be?
The conflicting light bar and oval headlights make it look bad in the front.
This guy looks like a cool nerdy version of Steve-o haha
Innovation is what these EV's are bringing to the existing industries across the board starting with bikes, motorcycles, planes, boats, cars, trucks and etc. I like what I'm seeing coming out now and I'm excited to see what comes next. Many people may not like what's happening but this is the future and I think it's here to stay.
He looks like a straight lace Steve O
It looks like 4.5 passengers SUV instead of 5 passengers SUV. I don't think three adults will fit comfortably on the back seat. Is the vehicle width smaller than R1S?
Here for the Lark M2 👌
That R3X is so hot. If I was in the market for a sedan I'd 100% be after one of these.
So what does this mean for rs1? What will be changing??
Didn’t know Steve-o was working at Rivian
I didn’t know Steve-O worked at Rivian.
I don't like the big screen still there I mean too low and cannot be adjusted, up, down, left or right.
Anyone else get Steve-O vibes 🤣😅
Wait why is the nacs port on back right.  Shouldn’t it be back left to match Tesla???
I wonder why we didn't see the R2 trunk/rear storage in this video or the reveal. I am happy we got to see the second row! Nice vid on launch day!
When turning the steering wheel how will the control wheels not get constantly hit?
R3 is very interesting
I had no idea Steve-O ran Rivian!
The kid as called by the management of Fisker brought in RG to discuss their new cars/concepts. No one need to have all that power Marques. Keep informing and inspiring us.
Love it. When will it arrive to Toronto and cost?
Can you lift the R2 for a little more off-road capability?
Steve-O is looking good working for Rivian, proud of him
Steve-O makes a cool car.
Honda cd have done something like this years ago.. they dropped the ball and lost a march on competition with their 'no range' models
2026 release date is very long. They need this out by 2025.
“Band equipment or a giant telescope” shows that these guys are kinda nerdy and are truly thinking about how customers are going to be using their vehicles. No other vehicle manufacturer (besides maybe Honda with the Fit) has ever considered the idea that someone might want to tote a 12” dobsonian telescope and a folding front seat might help with that.
Unionize Rivian!
RJ looks like Steve-O if he never did drugs
I dead thought that was Steve-O...
I'm really routing for Rivian. I can't afford it but I still signed up for their newsletter because it's just a killer type of vehicle. And now they have this model, I mean, they have to take off now! And with all the ups and downs Rivian has had, it's so cool to see them come out with other models that appease to more of the common person. Not just make vehicles for the rich for years and years.
Damn... Rivian killin the game
I didnt know Steve-O sold electric cars.
Rivian is going to do well!  Congratulations
Unpopular opinion... The R3 will be Rivians best selling car
R2 is gonna sell exceptionally well
I'd love the R3 hatch on the R2.
Hey, Steve-O!
I think 99% percent of time those steering wheel controls will be used accidently, also the R3 exterior just looks like the Hyundai ioniq5
wow I like the golf mk2 at the end.
Im amazed at what Rivian has been able to accomplish!💯
Thr R3 looks like a Golf 2 lol   That R3 looks amazing
If Rivian ends up making the triple motor under 60k for the R2, I can’t see how it doesn’t become the new EV benchmark for the _mid-size (D-Segment)_SUVs_ ….The R3 was a complete surprise and probably got GM & Hyundai Group’s attention. _Honda exits the chat_
This dude looks like if Steve-O never did drugs and just made cars instead
Are we not allowed to say Tesla Supercharger?
Rivian has the best interior design out there in the market
I am in love with the R3X styling. It's like a 80's station wagon. More of this, please.
Did anybody tell that guy he looks like a straight edge steve-o?
dude like 70-80's Clark Kent
R2 !!!! 😮
Love the R3.
TBH, you should stop doing car videos. You have no experience, no history, and you clearly show that you understand zero about cars. Mitsubishi with a L200 did the same thing, and even better, almost 30 years ago. The front seat backs would go all the way down, meet the back seats, and the comfort was way better. 30 years ago. 10:15
I feel the R3 departs their design language. They may want to change that but it's about getting to R2 first.
So they put a Tesla plug on it and then put it on the right side of the car where it’s not standard to charge at a supercharger?
The R3 is the one, love it
I love how happy and passionate RJ is, seeing that from a CEO is refreshing!
Oh shoot, that guy grew up in my home town lol
R3X is best electric vehicle design to date. I see inspo from rally legends like lancia delta integrale, also old school fiat panda 4x4
R3 kinda looks like a VW
I love the back of R3, definitely gonna get this car. Hoping its priced around 30
Apple should buy Rivian and stay in the electric vehicle race
It's like Steve-O grew up in Seattle,  got a nice corporate gig and never did drugs.
Am liking it would get two period!
I want the R3X... that car looks sweet!
Top trim NIO ES6 at $50K vs base trim Rivian … I understand why y’all wanna ban Chinese EV’s with Gina Raimondo BS… Want it cheaper even?  Get onboard BasS (battery as a service) and swap for a 3-min refill to 93% batt capacity. America is living in the past!
R3 is genuinely such a nice car. I would love to buy it
This has got me just about ready to make the transition. R2 and R3/R3X look great and in the sweet spot. Can’t wait for them to hit the market. Very impressed with Rivian.
Tell him to make a bike!! (R1B)
Rivian missed an opportunity to call the dual motor version of the new vehicle R2D2!  Disney would have been OK with that, right?
But WHY put the charging port on the right side? It will take up 2 spaces and ruin the experience for the actual Tesla owners. Or is this intentional trolling?
Wish they would do something different with the headlights. They’re silly and cartoonish
Why is the charge port on the rear right?  Why not just make it rear left for maximum Tesla suc compatibility?  That’s a miss.
Put my deposit down on an R2 a few hours ago.
Love the Rivisn UI/UX!!!!
I would've liked to hear an answer as why on earth they put the charging port on the wrong side. 🤦‍♂
Why the hell will you place the NACS charging port on the rear passenger side? That makes no sense. What am i missing? There is only 2 options to charge properly at Tesla SC: Rear driver side or Front passenger side...
Wow, I like that R3 and R3x! Looks really nice. Hopefully they keep growing and offering lower cost options.
The R3 rear and side profile reminds me of a VW GOLF MK1
I have a feeling that we are going to start seeing a lot of R2’s on the road…
Rear charge port means you can't tow and charge without unhitching 😞
I love that the front seats fold, holy hell. Need that. Are there car seats that do that already, can i just replace my passenger seat with one?
Elon Musk needs to emulate the personality of Mr. Scaringe.
I love that they care about preformance. This will really appeal to the enthusiast
As an R1S owner, I shed a tear of happiness seeing the roadmap. R3 isn't for me, but I've already got a preorder in for an R2. Congrats to the team for helping us see down the road. Love the new UX, still wonder if they improved the camera quality since they are upping the compute horsepower on the R2/3.   Happy.... very happy to see.
13:14 The rear looks like an Honda E
I love the R3!
Crazy that all the car reviewers got the same media invite and treatment, meanwhile Marques gets a 1 on 1 with the CEO alone with the car and asks as many questions as he wants.  That is dope 👌
Diggin the new models, I put in a reservation for the R2 while the livestream was going and then all of a sudden the R3 unveiling. I almost like the R3 even more. Always been a fan of the sloping back cars. Its the perfect size. small but bigger than VW GTI's and EV! Might have to switch my reservation haha.
This makes me want to apply to Rivian. I’m more excited about wanting to work for them😂
my man, you are doing a TREMENDOUS service to we that know not a whole lot....  keep on it
Why on earth would you have a NACS connector but put it on the passenger side? What's the point of adapting the connector standard if you're not gonna use the standard location for said connector?
R3 is gorgeous and exactly what most people actually need. A good quality, small electric car. As soon as it’s possible to actually buy these easily, I’m sold.
It was nice seeing the NACS port. I can't believe they let him touch it and expose it to the world.
While I can appreciate their engineering, still a nope for me (as are all of these new EV cars and companies).  My issue stems from these being a car designed to excite software engineers and techies and not drivers.  I personally have no desire to sit in and drive an iPhone or similar tech platform on wheels (Rivian / Tesla / Euclid / etc...), and that's what these cars exude.  Which is great for those that love that concept and now have a chance to experience it (it's amazing that products like this exist and seeing the boundaries they're pushing).  For me personally the thought of having to drive anything like this is dreadful as it's boring and soulless.
marketing idea for you RIvian - get LL Cool J to sing a back seat of my rivian song.
Why put charge port on passenger side.  If you are going to be compatible w teslas supercharger network why not be consistent with charging location on drivers side ???
They are going to have to change the backend of the R3. I believe with the trunk/tailgate up you have to have exposed tail lights facing backwards.
I really like that R2. Was surprised when he said it was a little shorter than the model y... looks bigger.
I really like Rivian's car design. All 5 models are awesome
Seriously, we need 400+ miles of range! End of conversation!
That back glass is for dogs!  Woohoo!
R3X coming for the Wrangler crowd maybe 🤔
I just wish this had CarPlay, that's the only thing holding me back from buying a Rivian vehicle.
I hope they make a “R2-D2” edition and make the trim pieces blue/have sound effects.
R2 sounds like a winner.  Would like range closer to 400mi but otherwise seems to check the right boxes depending on the cost of the trim levels is.
Is the dual motor called the R2D2 ?  Sorry, I'll see myself out.
Nice interview. There’s a lot of good sense with the integration of tech and not just thrown in for the sake of it. Also that green paint color is fabulous.
Hopefully this company is here to stay. Great video sir.
Yoni never considered a rival till now. Not needing a tent when camping is pretty sick
If the R2 is priced for the salary of an average citizen, i'm buying it instantly.
hahah bro that "I know a guy and his name is Andrew" lmao 😂
Why put the charger back right? Will that work at a Supercharger?
Great !  Tesla now come up with something exciting plz !
Hey RJ, what is the hold-up with the next generation battery pack? I NEED 450 miles of range! Come-on Man, hook me up!
What up Doe!? Nice!
Have to wait until 2026
I'm surprised the charger port is on the rear-left instead of rear-right (like Tesla). These Rivians essentially take two spots at a supercharger to charge.
How much for the R3?
That R2 looks awesome, smaller suits the Australian market so well, much better. Lets hope we can get it in Aus and NZ before too long as well, R1 is unlikely to sell as well as these.
Love the R2 but I honestly think the R3 looks better 👀👀 anyone else getting Lancia Delta Intégrale vibes from the rear quarter?? Cannot wait to see these bad boys on the road and the trails 🤞🏼
I really like them both! I'm curious though why they went to NACS and moved the port to the back, but put it on the right side and not the left?
Still as ugly as before.
Everyone is loving the r3 and it looks great, but im over here wondering what a lower less plasticky version would look like 😍 first ev im interested in.
Is that steve-o if he never did drugs or jackass?
The R3 has Lada vibes. The R2 fits my needs perfectly. I'm a little sketchy about camping in it in cold locations (the idea of waking up with little or no charge would be in the back of my head). However, the lower height is better for loading up Kayaks and having the option of sleeping in the vehicle would be great in some of places I tend to paddle out of.
By placing the charger port on the right side, Rivian customers may run into frustrations because they need to offset their vehicle taking up two super charger spaces.
As a hybrid owner for many years now, the R3X from Rivian is a vehicle that may very well convince me to finally make the jump to a proper EV.
absolutely love the look of these cars inside and out. reminds me of a cyberpunk/blade runner type of car
Put down my deposit!
Holy streak artifact
First, congratulations to Marques. My sense is these two have a lot of mutual respect for each other. Solid presentation.   Second, congratulations to RJ and the entire team. I’m stoked.
Where do I preorder..
RJ makes himself out as a beauty, doing a great job.
just kepp them coming
So sad, the one of best reviewer in the world has no chance to review the EV from China...EV in China is another world..
R2 gives me Escalade vibes
Love the R3, reminds of the MKII GTi.
Honestly R2 rear light accent is way too thicc compared to it's size. I really love they all have tri-motor trim. This will be a mainstream trend. CEO seems enthusiastic and very knowledgeable about his products and a nice guy too. The problem is how fast they can expand? Will people have patience for waiting them? Hope for their success. Don't screw up. You came this far.
Rivian 🚀🚀🚀
Apple should buy Rivian.
2:10 This is just awful. Dirt lenses, light flair... Horrible. And also, no notes, getting all the spec wrong... Disrespectful
Silly to give it the Tesla connector and move it to the passenger side. Now you are probably going to take up two spaces to charge.
Nice pretty amazing  if I plan to the candy store and back  I’ll stick to my Toyota 4Runner 🤙🏾
Rivians stock price is like $13 rn….js 👀👀👀
R3X... Get my money, Rivian!!
Put a gas engine in it, and drop the price... Then you might have something... LoL
A stark difference with the way Fisker handles things 😅
If it doesn’t come in Blue and White what are y’all even doing?
No Vehicle to Home in 2026 ? I really love it, but won't buy it.
Looks cool, but why the charge port on the wrong side ?
Base model base battery being 270 mi isn't as bad as I thought it would be when it was said generally all 3 drivetrains would have 300+ miles of range. It'll be interesting to see what the actual specs will be when the vehicles start delivery
I love ALMOST everything about R2…..Why would they adopt the NACS port…..but move it to the back PASSENGER side? There’s something screwy here…..
They moved the charge port to the rear but it's still on the wrong side!
Why did Rivian put the NACS port on the wrong side? Should be on the drivers side rear if you back in or passenger side front if you pull nose in to charge.
This is how you interact as a company, not like the dumbass fisker is, no wonder they went bankrupt many years ago, soon it will happen again
Ruh roh, it looks like someone forgot to clean the lens...  (Ok, I guess the spotlights aren't helping 😅)
Premium Steve-O
It's so shameful that it starts to be cringe. The CEO is clearly lost when he sees a YT guy with 15 mi subs using a cellphone to cover an event. Not even with professional gear. Just an iPhone and his hand. So awful, so unprofessional. For what?
I wish my civic could go 0 to 60 in 3 seckies
Currently in a Model 3, but I love seeing everything Rivian is doing! I look forward to the day we see a sedan out of them!
Need 2 truck Rivian
The R3X reminds me of the Ford Bronco
Marques, you are such a pro. This video had a quick turn around but still has your typical thoughtfulness and attention to detail. So good!
Sad that Rivians don't open the frunk at bumber level. NO, you need to lift everything really high to put something in :/
Too bad they lose about $20k on every car they sell.
Should have had Johnny Knoxville drive the R3X onstage
Consider me super interested in a Rivian now!
Man camping in that under the stars sounds amazing! I'd live in that thing easily.
R3 is simply Lada Niva
R3 is a Russian Lada Niva on electric motors 😂😂😂
R3 looks exactly like the Lada Niva
What about the suspensions? Similar to R1T or a Jeep?
Love all these models. Fantastic company and hope they continue to grow
The R3 is a game changer. First EV hot hatch priced very competitively
You were justifiably honest with Fisker, I would have liked to see CarPlay mentioned with management.
I do get the sense that there is some serious word smithing going on with the pricing. The 45k base is rwd and only 270 mi, we don’t know how the pricing scales for there soooooo yeah. Pricing tbd
Noticed a lot of things that he hoped would work but didn't... Classic rivian
Steve-O
This is how the new electric Subaru should have been, Rivian is the new Subaru for the new electric age!
Clean 👏🏻
I’m so R3x
R3 = Fiat 147 10:52   I knew I had seen this design somewhere,  The Fiat 147 was the first car model produced by Fiat do Brasil between 1976 and 1986, based on the Italian Fiat 127
Rear window rolling down is a great design.
Ev’s are way overrated. Have to buy tires 2x as often. No you don’t need an oil change but you’ll spend all that “savings” and more on new tires. Now governments want to tax you on miles driven. You simply don’t save anything compared to gas
I am done with electrics, Yes Range Anxiety
Don’t forget to mention the horrible sales of all of these EV’s you keep pushing
Thoughtful in every detail. So sweet that the screen goes night vision when camping!
I'd love to see a compact truck version of the R2 and R3.
YouTube Is dead
Rivian just continues to do everything right. It’s getting harder and harder to ignore.
To me that R2 is super ugly!
Amazing cars. The naming scheme is getting weird tho.
I want a video like this after every product announcement!
I like what I'm seeing.  I've noticed they put the NACS charging port on the rear right. That's a mistake isn't it?  Tesla has their NACS port on the rear left.  Won't this still cause double-spot taking on the V3 Superchargers?  Hopefully somehow it will reach without that.
Can we talk about how nice it is to see a ceo out and about just chatting to people. Not to mention, knows how to speak.  Dude really cares about this company.
I’ve said it before, but I’ll say it again, thank you for putting the ranges up in Kilometres!! Also, we really need to switch to a km/kWh system instead for range.
What I learn from this video is how abysmal the iPhone camera is in awkward stage lighting. Oof!
If they have to build a new factory to build this they’re going to go bankrupt before this comes out.
How much will the R3 probably cost? 35k?
the R3x looks fantastic, been seeing it  all over twitter today
I really like the R3. Hot hatch vibes and all. They could really fully realize this and make a performance version.
2:57 MKBHD avoiding making fun of rear windows opening :) (Reference: Fisker Ocean)
I don't usually like Rivian's designs, but honestly the R3 looks pretty cool. Giving me oldschool vibes, maybe a Honda CRX style.
Should have named it R2D2
Things getting good for Steve-O... Good for him
RJ is a class act and I can’t wait to get into my R2.
Ok, why not put the charge port on driver side rear like tesla.  I don’t get that.
Hopefully i can nail one
I don't get all of the glass on the roof. I want metal protecting my head not glass
R3X NOWWWW!
Juniper:  45k? OMG!  Am I dead on arrival?!  Dad, do some tweets.
The R3 is the most interesting EV to me since the Honda that never came to the US.
Bad
Does the R2 have adjustable ride height like the R1T and R1S? That seems like a big deal to know.
If any company will buy RiVian I will put my money on VW. This lineup will fit their market!
I'm hoping they equip tem with LFP batteries. Rivian needs to decrease their costs and increase profits. But just like Amazon, they have a long road ahead to achieve profitability.
What happened to Steve-O’s voice?
I'm getting Lada Niva vibes from the R3. Definitely adventure-themed!
I just can't do that front end. Just can't get past the ugly
My sister has an R1T and loves it.  It’s more than I want to spend.  But these seem really interesting.  Especially the R3X.  For us, this would replace a car that almost never has anyone in the back seat.  Something small, easy to maneuver, but fast and fun could be really appealing.
Auto jurno's 😊 asked nothing of interest about off road capabilites.
my body is ready for the R3
Shot on iPhone?
An R2 with a white blue and silver colour scheme… beep boop
I'd love to see a full size truck with two layers of battery. I don't care if it's a foot taller, I want that towing raaaaange!
Bring the R3X to Japan! I want it!
What was this shot on, it’s terrible or the lens is smuggled. Lookin forward to the review on this phone on the main channel.
Love the NACS but having it on the passenger side is going to be complicated when all Tesla superchargers are configured for rear driver side charging. If the station is crowded are you going to be able to "steal" a cable from the next stall over?
$45k, that can't be right?  I like the Cybertruck but are we saying this thing is half the price?  If so then, I'll take this everytime.
too bad this company has been kinda sketchy with its workers.
Totally love it (the new cars and the video)! Just one gripe: All Rivians aren’t out in Europe, which is kind of frustrating. Is it official if and when there coming to Europe?
How is the sunroof glass on a direct sunny day?  Does it dim w LCDs or something?  I love the glass but wonder if on some days I would be hating it.
I saw the r3 , and it looks like a Lada RIVA , let's hope it's more reliable .
Super impressed with the CEO here helping out Marques to look at his vehicle
Love everything Rivian is doing! Such an iconic front end already and R2/R3 are fantastic. I’m like a little kid every time I see a R1T/S on the road. R3/R3X could very well be their most flagship vehicle down the line. I hope R3X becomes a reality because it looks like such a fun ev. Haven’t made the jump to EVs, but Rivian is making more difficult to stay away.
Auto focus has left the chat
Wrong side of car for charging port
The R3 looks like a certain R5 that just got released. Even moreso with the diamond shaped logos.
Awesome  that All set  flatfor but  I want  all technology  on r3..it looks  like  best  thing  coming
The video quality is so bad
Great video. The CEO is a really good guy. Love these Rivians
R3 = The Rivian Yugo
Should have  put the charge port on the left rear.
Rivian just killing it
R3 😍
Thank god there's a glovebox! 😂
SUPERMAN in the hoooooouse!!
Love all the seats leaning forward.  Car camping is awesome
2026?
Ask all of the Rivian employees who got laid off about their thoughts
They should pivot and go with R3 production first. R2 will hurt R1S sales.
i wish they get rid of that long white light bar at the front. other than that, it looks good
R3X is irresistible!
I hate that mouse scroll wheel to control the infotainment and dashboard system. Massive no for me!
What kinda telescope is RJ carrying around
Great to have the charging port on the car so it can be used on the Tesla network but did anyone thing about the side it is on.  You will have to take up two spaces to get the Rivian R2 charged at on the Tesla Network!  Its on the wrong side.  The cables are just long enough to work on my Model Y.  I am sure this will be addressed but I am excited to get mine.
the dual motor version of the R2 should be called R2D2
I love the look of the R3 😮
Amazing vehicle - here's to big sales numbers - cheers !!
first ceo looking like an actual human
So they decide to move the charge port and move to NACS but still put the port in the wrong spot lmao
Rivian is crushing it. These vehicles are just lovely
I’m super into the R2
Let's go Rivian, I've had my R1t for a week and so far so great. I wanna see them do well and be around for a very long time.
Just what we need more of on our roads; big heavy SUVs! Iam so excited..
A few of these features remind me of the Fisker Ocean.
I’m not going to lie, I’m starting to dig these Rivians more than Teslas
Rivian trying to copy Fisker California Mode !
That base price is still pretty expensive.
my vaderspec rivian needs that red basecamp mode
The R3 is typical Rivian waste. Why go into trouble making a slightly different car from the R2 at a cheaper cost.  The R3 rear hatch door is likely to have trouble as the R1T automatic bed cover-just get rid of the the dual function door.
neat
RJ <> Elon thank god!
Really confused as to why they put the Tesla charge port on the back right when all Teslas have it on the back left. This is going to ruin fast charger slots when they hit the market more.
This would be great for car s3x😅
$45k STARTING PRICE?!?! I like what Tesla has done to disrupt the EV market but seriously Rivian is going to eat their lunch real quick with the R2/R3 series 💯
Looks, same  45k is good  but  35k I'd sweet spot. Does  it  have  nacs  ...yess!!!@better  charging 😊. They should  came  with  r3 at 35k lol
The R3 is the best of the lot ❤
Need HUD and rear digital camera
Shouldn't the Tesla charge port be on the driver side???? How will they Supercharge if its on the passenger side???
can hardly wait
everyone knows about their abhorrent working conditions how they treat employees right????
I will buy it when there is a D2 trim option for the R2
Gremlin looking
This car would be so sick… if it had an ICE and a manual transmission lol
See some of the designers and engineers were fans of the Honda element 11:28
Me blasting through whoops in the R3x after dropping the kids off 😎
Rivian R3 has some Cyberpunk's Thorton Galena vibes :)
well at least it has a driver console
The designers who brought this Rivian car design language did an amazing job.
I really hope Rivian stays around for a while.. Seem like such a cool company <3
Ngl the R3/R3X are sick. We'll wait for a complete review when they comes out.
Fisker prolly looking at this 😂
R3 looks sickkkk
They really need to expand to Europe with these two
I can't wait to afford that R3X one day. Beautiful car.
BULLLISH for RIVIAN!
Epic disaster of Apple camera flare
love it. looks a bit like a lada niva
I'm most excited for the rear glass rolling down, seems like this could haul a full sheet of plywood.
R3X Let's go
God these SUV's built for the xover craze, rampant consumerism, and stupid acceleration are stupid as f. None of this s. is going to help the world in any way - literally might as well drive an old V8.
From the side it looks like Tata Sierra😂
RJ is great. Seems very genuine. I really want Rivian to win.👍🍺
...but those headlights   😒
Waiting for the Dodge Charger Daytona impressions.
Where's your gimbal?
Beautiful looking rig
I like what they are doing. The only catch with Rivian is that the base price is teaser (like a BMW). The price will go up quickly with any options and you do not really want one without options.
Funny thing is that none of this tech matters when you live by the beach in Costa Rica with perfect waves to surf every day...
So nice that Rivian realized Americans won't be able to afford homes soon, so they made the car a livable space.
black privilege and fragility is off the charts in the West ... time for a reset
Where's the truck?
The NACS charging port should be on the rear left like Tesla
The R3X is fucking sick
Sounds like RJ was alluding to an R2X or maybe R1S/T X in the future
Can't wait to see Andrew preorder this on Waveform
Bye Cybertruck.
Why put the NACS port on back right? Tesla puts on the left, so it won't line up conveniently with the other cars charging.
Wish you would have asked why the charge port is in the WRONG and WORST location. It will still take 2 spots at a Supercharger (like R1) and worse yet it is located in the farthest spot on the car from the driver. What a dumb idea.
That R3 looks a lot like VW Golf from years pass.   Loved that car.  So practical.
I want this
OMG THEY FIXED THE REAR QUARTER PANELS SO ITS ACTUALLY REPAIRABLE NOW YAY
The video quality is terrible. I checked the description of the video - it's an iPhone 15 pro. not surprised
7:27 Rivian: Borderlands Edition!
All three models are great, I couldn’t wait to preorder. Hopefully Rivian continues to put out these beautiful vehicles.
Why the CEO looks like Steve-O ?
I hope Rivian bring the R2 to Australia
Why would you put a surfboard in the car when you could just as easy put it on top of the car? Absoulutely love the look of R3's rear, finally something that doesn't look like a bloody truck! Also charging port on the right side seems to make alot more sense to me, where i live theres alot of paralel parking with charging and it looks so silly when people have to have the charging cable pulled over the top of the car. Also having a charging port door sticking out to the side of the road is a big no no. This solves all of that!  The R3 seems like a great urban vehicle and couldve been even shorter in my opinion. Shorter nose would look great. Camping is fun and its fun those cars have camping in mind but since most people live in cities, having it more urban focussed, seems to make alot more sense to me.  I bet that R3 can still haul longer pieces of timber than a cybertruck, especially if you add a roofrack!
Wheels are way too big for the car. Please just use something normal like 18s
NACS, but on the wrong side?
Nice. Much better crossover than the best selling Model Y.  While the Model Y is nice, it is based from or modification of the Model 3 sedan. Personal car I'd like is the form of the Cybertruck but as a van or MPV. While it will be a master of none, it will be a jack of all trades kind of a vehicle.
The R3 is what that honda should have been, design wise. Just my opinion tho
I'm not an electric car or Rivian hater, but nothing about this car seems worth 45 thousand dollars. With the average interest being 7.18% on autoloans, with a 5 year loan your payment would be $894 a month and you would end up paying $53,692 for this vehicle. With people struggling to afford groceries cars like this dont make sense. I pay about 300 dollars a month combined for mine and my wife's cars. Yes I'm paying less than half the monthly price of this car for two vehicles. And this is the base vehicle, my wife and I both have premium model older cars which do pretty much everything these new cars do except the gimmick features they add every year which really dont matter when youre driving at all. No one buying an SUV ever needs to go from 0-60 in less than 3 seconds, and I bet ya theyre gonna make u pay an extra 30 grand for that feature anyways. Blows my mind that anyone buys these unless they are millionaires.
All their cars look good but knocking it out of the park would have been something similar to the Lamborghini Urus aka the best-looking SUV on the planet that also has a beautiful done futuristic look that begs to be electrified.
Wow. They thought of a lot of small quality of life things. I'm impressed.
That dude is Steve-O without raspy sounding voice.
Lens flare much?
Any talk about tow rating on the R2?
Why oh why is the NACS port on the rear right? Front right fine,. Rear left fine. Read right? This complicates V3 usage. Only V4 stalls will work conflict free.
Engineers - "EV'S need to optimise aerodynamics for efficiency" - Ryvian - "Lets make a f*cking brick!"  - Public - "Love it, who cares about efficiency or range!" - humanity is doomed.
I really hope we can get Superman’s cars here in the UK soon
Nice to see Steve-O having fun in his new job.
I just bought huge stocks for the "D2" decal prints!  Love the R3! Rivian please don’t fail me.
Who is RJ? you gave 0 introduction
I am already sold on the R3X hahaha, gimme
I wish i had the money for a riven
I love the R3
9:39  OTHER CARS NEED TO DO THIS :)
Can't wait for the R2D2 Star wars themed version
They just osborned themselves. RIP
OMG WHYYYY did they put the charger on the passenger side?!?!?! Could have made life a LOT easier putting it on the drivers side. Still going to take up 2 spots at superchargers :(
"do you still have the speaker".... "the ceiling liner is recycled plastic"
Why didn’t they put the NACS on the drivers side?
I want this car
The charging port is not on the wrong side for tesla charger?
So this is how an iPhone records 2024? Blurry and with annoying lens flares? 🤷🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
I love the price point. 👌
Looks like a Ford Flex…
I lost interest in electric cars, but with these two cars, my interest came back
This is the first car that I will consider besides a tesla great job!!!
They do make cool trucks and SUV’s would just like the real range to be better.
Nice, the small R3X has ford bronco vibes!  Love it ❤
WTF! Why is the charging port on passenger's side? All Teslas have it on driver's side
So basically an electric Bronco
Thankful that rivan is sliming down their line-up with more reasonably sized cars. We don't need more pickups.
R3 is giving me Honda E vibes, which is a car I think would sell well in major cities, I can’t wait to see how it turns out! Just pray the years of wait allow for advancement in more affordable pricing
Oh lord the R3 is beautiful 🤯😍🤯😍🤯😍
Opens charge port... talks... looks back and port is somehow magically closed nar
Nice job MKBHD
great desgin, everything has a purpose, functionality first looks second and still looks amazing, great usage of the car footprint space
R3X is my next car.
Damn, the R3 looks awesome!! Can't wait for an R4 though, that would be even cooler
Looking forward to a Rivian police vehicle!
Looking forward to your review when they hit the road.
Fucking awesome! Can't wait to see these in the road.
You have the worst camera, man. Where are all your fancy gears?
Really between the fisker pear or r3
The R3x tri motor looks extremely good!
Never been big into electric vehicles, but the R3 is pretty enticing. Just hoping we get a good price on that, but the price for R2 seems pretty reasonable so I'm expecting R3 to be a good price, too
Wow...R3 is an impressive surprise 👍👍
You better test drive Fisker Ocean again, you hurt a lot of people who invested in the company.
might trade the bronco sport for an R3
Why why why would they move the charge port to the right rear rather than the left rear!? Won't that have to take up two charging stalls at the Tesla Superchargers? WTF?
The R3 shape with the flipper glass slope has the old Isuzu Rodeo / Honda Passport feel. It's 90's SUV nostalgia for me.⏳
I love the look of Rivians cars but sadly they will never show up in Switzerland I think! Wow I like the look of the R3 for a smaller compacter vehicle!
R3 looks awesome. Loving the look of the R3X. I hope we get these in the UK
My family's first car is the Suzuki Swift, which is a fun and practical car. The R3 is a breath of fresh air for those who prefer smaller vehicles. This mighteven be competetive here in Asia.
$50k = affordable 😂
Looks like it would easily haul 8ft lumber with the front passenger seat down.
Any thoughts on Rivian exploring the possibility of a smaller R2 based pickup?
R3 is a modern Yugo
wow the R3 looks sick... old school look + modern ev look in one
super cool. and i love how enthusiastic he was!! brimming with excitement!
Wtf is Steve o doing here
Rivians are the only cars that gets totaled over a small dent🤣
Rivian, make a sub $15k bare bones 300mile range work van and then you will gain a lot of actual working peoples respect and money.
I’m holding out for the Star Wars edition.. the R2-D2.  He He.
$45,000USD.... $60,000CND. not inexpensive. Not even close. I really wish the people that have money, learn that the people that don't, can't afford this. Reality check please.
The R2 is very compelling from a size and design standpoint. Not super affordable, but actually a nice design, like an electric LR4
Why would you not put the NACS port on the driver's side to match a Tesla?
Bout time
It looks so small
It looks so small
I love this car. I just hope they bring a free lane centering feature (Tesla autopilot) that works on all streets and roads (like Tesla autopilot).
So cool seeing Steve-O going green! Love the voice dub he’s using too!
Why rear right for charge port sigh
The R3 looks like a modern Yugo and I have never wanted an EV more than one based on that concept specifically.
Fisker punching the air rn. 😂
Why does RJ look like he could be Steve-O's smarter brother? lol
I would never buy one of these because of the front end.   Terrible design
Rivian guy looks like Steve-O if he never discovered drugs or alcohol.
It seems pretty complete. Sad it's going to be nearly 2 years still before production.
If I had an R2 I would rush to the DMV to get a custom D2 plate!
Hey, The Blues Clues Guy found his way back to TV, good for him.... great review! 🚙
Why is the charge port on the back right when they could have matched Tesla's back left since going nacs?
Footage too messy today
Imagine selling a brand new car and telling people some of the plastics were pulled out of the ocean, like it's a positive selling point...
can we talk about the build quality like it’s amazing tesla should take notes🎉
charge me an addditional 10,000. USD for batteries that are not made in china,,,,might as well get a BYD... hell no to both
Why does it have to be so ugly
R3 if this the final product ill see myself getting one 100%
R3 tailgate will be redesigned.  US Regs say cars have to have taillights that you can see even with the tailgate up.
If only they put a real engine in it would sell a lot more than EV . It applies to All EV except Tesla as they the Only ones who made people could charge there cars. The fact GM Ford and others doing deal with Tesla but Unless Tesla adds more charges then these gone be a big problem an increase of non Tesla using the charges. Other than able to use the Tesla charging should be talking about the state of public charging etc as EV only good at moment if able Home charge . Anybody buying an EV and Not buying a Tesla is nuts even if other makes better EV it’s All about the Charging which Tesla are The number 1 Still.
Such a same roof solar (Prius Plug In) was not incorporated as an option. So essential for an outdoor SUV
Please tell me they are doing a R2 sub model designated D2
Fisker: Who is this kid / mouthpiece? Rivian: Want an exclusive on-stage tour with RJ? 👍
It looks like squised defender from top, and here we go our new design 😂
I hope Rivian makes it. I like their vehicles, I just can't afford them. If they can make vehicles under $50k and make a profit they'll do well.
MKBHD got preferential treatment for this exclusive interview and to show off the cars. He gets the same for Teslas. He will make a LOT of money off these views. Remember that when thinking about his Fisker video that he didn’t get special treatment. This man is a shill for Tesla and Rivian for these exclusive things.
Why is NACS on passenger rear
R3 looks super sick
I want one!
Serious Tesla competition
They cant put NACS connector on the back left? Rest of vehicle looks fantastic
The R3X is the first EV where I'm like "damnnnn maybe it's time..."
Why did I like these? I kind of hate SUVs and I'm not really into EVs, but even though these models looked attractive for some reason.
Damn, as an R1 owner I’m super jealous of the dropping rear glass for the doggo 🐕
Thank you for the content
Please promise that you’ll do a limited “R2-D2” edition…
R3X is giving CyberPunk vibes.
Rivian seems to be building for the outdoorsy Subaru space, which differentiates it more from the Tesla market. Subaru does offer an electric vehicle, but it's at best a 228 mile range -- not a great defense. Subaru needs to pick up their game if they want to compete.
The R3 gives me Cyberpunk 2077 vibes. The light bar and the small body really give it that look.
Steve O without drugs
NACS but on the wrong side! Why do that?
I was so pumped! I haven’t been this excited since I watched the model 3 reveal in 2016. When R3X was revealed, the world just exploded. I want that car so bad. R3X is the next king of rally racing.
sure hope i can afford the r3...i'm digging it
Are there lights in the rear bumper of the R3? I thought they legally needed red lights on non-moving parts like a hatch or trunk in the states
Just me, or does the instrument cluster software look like the latest UI we’ve seen teased by Apple CarPlay?
The pull-out tray/panel for the backseat storage looks much easier to deal with than the usual nets/pockets
Not sure why the review was a compare/contrast to the bigger version.  Why not just review it on its own terms?  It's a great car!
I wish they had ICE version. That's the one I would want to buy!
Marques face when he said the base model would be under 300 miles of range 😂
All I can think of when I see the R3 is Wayne’s World.
Very clear road map, and CEO of company is focus on doing just one thing, making EVs. Now, they need to focus on controlling the cost and turn company profitable. I am holding on to the stocks :) (despite having a big loss)
the R3 looks like the perfect vehicle for me. I will be saving.
How isn't he asking about suspension? All the talk about off-road, etc... Guessing that's a major cost savings if they ditch air... so what's the info?
R3 looks a bit like a fiat Panda
These look great. I’ll take 1 of each please
When can you reserve the R3 variations?
Does anyone else get Johnny Knoxville vibes from the CEO or is it just me?
Marques: “hey can I get an exclusive of R2?” Rivian: “yeah. As long as our CEO can guide you”
Still too boxy
Important question: Do these smaller Rivians qualify for the $7,500 federal government tax credit? The premium version Rivians did not qualify for the full subsidy, which is why their sales were way behind Tesla's, which did qualify for the full tax credit.
My dude looks like an alternative reality Steve-O.
RJ looks like Steve-O.
Off-road capabilities? Air suspension available? How about the air compressor and gear guard?
Please clean the lens on the iPhone before you shoot with it next time! Those flares are killing me. I have this phone and it only does this when it's dirty.
The R3 and R3X look best of all IMO. Looks like a fun car, wish I could afford one.
Why wouldn't they put the NACS charge port on the back left like Teslas, so it would match up w/ the way most Superchargers are configured? Isn't that currently a problem w/ some of the non-Teslas charging at Superchargers?
I see they had to call in Superman to plug* this one. *Sorry.
Is that round thing on their shirts a Bluetooth mic?
Why does the R3 remind me of a high tech Lada.
Has to come to the UK at some point right?
jeez..those shots to direct light looks truly terrible on that iphone, its like 1990 TV show
I have to ask... What's with the lens flare??
Why is the charge port on the wrong side?
I've got a question for all the American friends here, if you use imperial measurement for distance, weight, and temperature, why don't you have something for measuring time? like why not measure it in flying mosquitos or smth? just wondering
Definitely filmed with an iPhone. Terrible
The charging port really should be on the left-rear side. This would allow easier charging at Tesla supercharging stations (the most common available) and for those of us looking to upgrade from a Tesla who installed home charging.
Definitely interested in that performance R3!
Rivian is the Subaru of EVs
Vinfast is excited about it.
The rear lighting scheme on R3 will need to change to be US-compliant, the tail lights need to be seen from the side of the vehicle. Land Rover made this mistake on their D90/110's and had to afterthought a pair of lights on the rear corners.
I am really liking the look of the R3
I can't believe I tried to sit through the the company presentation, when I could have waited for you :(
I wish the charge port was on the drivers side, since it's already coming NACS standard. Seems silly to make it automatically take up 2x stalls when they had the chance to not
Love that r3. This thing will sell like crazy
R3 looks like a lot of fun!
Vraiment laid!! Le Fisker est beaucoup plus beau!!
Rivian ceo was like "I wish you would criticize Rivian, will go from review to UFC match"
If using NACS, why put it on the wrong side?  It should be either driver side rear or passenger side front to not take up 2 spaces at Tesla superchargers?
Bro less face more car on thumbnail pleeeeeeeaaassssseeeeeee cause suka suka use a uglie modasukah
R3 and the X are absolutely gorgeous. Seriously no other EV got me this excited. I wish Rivian great success.
$45k is an excellent price and hopefully would be a huge step forward for Rovian and the industry as a whole. For a company perceived to be "premium" to offer such an approachable price is great for consumers.
Did they also announce support of Carplay?
cool cars, i just don't get, why so many manufacturers are building those useless fixed pano glas roofs...why no electric sunroof you can open? check the fisker ocean e.g. every car should have such a great pano sunroof...just because tesla removed its sunroof on the model s and went full fixed glasroof, doesn't mean everyone needs to follow -.-
Wish he asked why the charge port is on the rear right side instead of the rear left side or front passenger side. They want to use Tesla chargers but they didn't put the charging port in the right spot to make that work for everyone…
I love their designs. VW, is the only other company that seems close in creating large interior spaces and good visibility out, and Rivian's interiors are very attractive, plus their software seems great. These are vehicles that should do very well. I just hope they hit the market before too many competitors gets there. They've overdelivered in terms of dropping the surprise R3; now I hope they can overdeliver by getting them to customers quicker than expected. So far, though, these look great!
IT'S GREAT!!
no small pick-up version 😢
why is the charging port on the opposite side of a tesla? just make it the same. these r2 drivers gonna be a pain in the ass at superchargers
RIVIAN IS THE FUTURE😍
What would be really amazing is if they built this to allow different battery packs in the future.  In 5 years when we see solid state batteries with improved range, to be able to just swap out.
If they isn't an internal rendering of an R2 with an R2D2 paint job I'll be disappointed.
this thing will cannibalize on the R1S like crazy. There's almost no justification for a 90k R1S once this vehicle hits the market.
Does the front seat fold flat down flat on the R3 x?
NACS port on the wrong side of course, there is just no freakin standard here in America. I actually really like this location but it is opposite of tesla which will make stations hard to standardize whip locations, so now just have to make the whips longer for everyone. so dumb.
Rivian needs to make a wagon. SUVs and trucks are pointless by comparison, and are killing pedestrians, especially kids, where reasonable cars with reasonable front ends would result in much less harm and death.  I say this having briefly owning an R1S and returning it because of its absurd height and mass. We get along just fine with a Taycan wagon, even with two large dogs.
I’ll never get used to that face
I love the R3’s design, it reminds me of the original Volkswagen Golf gti
The R2 is beautiful. But that R3.. I want that R3. XD
Like the style
I didn't know Rivian used recycled ocean plastic for certain components. That's amazing!
It's a giant renault 5. Even Rivians logo is similar
They look nice and with the smaller size they would be EU compatible as well (maybe)
Nicely done Rivian!!
WHY REAR RIGHT for the charge port??? It's going to charge on the supercharger network which will still have a ton of V3's, you have all this lead time, and you still don't make it rear left?????
looks like a smaller version of r1s
Nacs on the right. No, your other right. ... wrong 😂
R3 and R3X all day long!  I'm am a fan. VW Hot hatch for sure.
I can't not see Steve-O.  HAHAHAHAHA
Why would they move charge port to the passenger rear side? Tesla superchargers are designed for driver side rear location, why wouldn;t you use this opportunity to make it better?
Super nice, wish they added LED lights the cabin can get very dark at night
now make an R5, so I can afford it.
Oh, I just know that the R3 will be the new favourite EV for Johnny from The Late Brake Show (the best car reviewer in the world)! This car HAS to come first to Europe!
Stop saying new things are “iconic.”
The haptic scroll wheels looks to be based on the SmartKnob View https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip641WmY4pA
best looking electric car IMO. Love the sleek, parallel lines, and boxy look. Looks like a retro SUV mixed with modern, super sweet.
Love the style of the R3, especially the R3X in that colour scheme; one of the very best looking new cars I've seen recently. Rivian are far outdoing most of the more established, bigger manufacturers when it comes to design, that's for sure!
R3(X) giving this cool retro vibe. I like it!
Steve-O has really matured
The FISKER OCEAN is much cooler. Ugly eyes on the front lol...good luck.
The R2 is shorter than a Model Y!!!???
I can see the R3X doing a sub-10min time up Pikes Peak! The R1T already has a time of 11:23.983
Basically this concept for now? Until everyone forgets about it?
💩
Great car!  Well done Rivian!  Thank you for the review!
I'm a huge fan of Rivian and these look awesome but I have 3 kids in car seats and need something like a minivan. So I'll stick with my 6 seater model X until Rivian starts selling an R1 with middle row captains seats.
R3X tri-motor has my name on it if they get it to the UK.  Soon please!
Super cool cars! And this CEO seems like a nice guy—probably a good company to work for.
12:45 NO AUTO? 😮
LoL at that thumbnail. Just looks... weird.
Dude the R3X would look so good as a 2 door if it was about 15% smaller
R1, R2, R3, RJ
R3 back is very Honda E front. Love it, hope they do an even smaller one
Rivian has really positioned itself well (both in terms of marketing as well as the evolving vehicle family) to take the mantle of Jeep & Subaru - bringing that sensibility/appeal into the EV world.
This car is an amazing machine if and when it becomes available in 2 plus years.  However this YouTuber is clearly a paid promoter of Rivian.
Super hype about the R3. If the price is right that might be replacing my Golf in a few years (assuming VW doesn't bring the electric GTI to the US, and at a decent price).  I know it's more crossover than compact hatchback, but it looks like the same form factor just upsized about 20%.
Wish you would have shown the interior instead of your faces.
Does the R3 front seats fold flat like the R2?
Rivian needs to start offering Tesla lease buyouts for trade ins ASAP!
I hope that they include Apple Carplay and Android Auto connectivity in their software
Looks like ton of fun to drive the R3, looks like a Golf Country. It can probably go straight to rally cross.
Apple is encircling Rivian like a vulture.
Steve-O my man!!
I drove home a used Launch Edition with 5k miles last night! Reserved R2 this morning 😅
Good to see Steve-o is doing good since his departure from Jackass
So why did the put the charge port on the back passenger side ?  Seems like they should have placed it on the driver side like the Teslas
This is the first video I've watched on this today, so maybe it was answered in their presentation, but my first question is since they put the NACS charge port on it, WHY OH WHY did they put it on the passenger side? that means they can use Supercharger without an adapter but they still need to take up 2 parking spaces!
I didn't know Johnny Knoxville worked for rivian
R2, In Australia for 130k in 2030! but seriously tho, I'd be keen if available and the price is reasonable down under
If Tay Zonday and Steve-O had a child. 🤫
The side profile reminds me of a Jeep Grand Wagoneer. Even the two tone
please ask him to say "yeaah dudee"
The R3 is nice
I’m glad Steve-O got clean and started an EV car company but he lacks enthusiasm now
Rivian won’t last to see 2026 — all hype.
R2 looks SICK!!!
Great. Everyone buy three.
During the livestream, that was one helluva, "One More Thing," moment. Congrats to the Rivian team!
R3 looks like an old school VW Gold, feels bad
RJ: It has over 300 mile range. Marques: So the base has over 300? RJ: The base is under 300.  😅
R3 is the one I want. Hopefully my car will hold up until R3 is released.
That material choice and styling is amazing. I'm still not sold on evs becoming collectors vehicles but I think rivians will always be looked at fondly. Kinda like Saab but just don't go out the same way.
Sorry but why the hell would they put the charge port on the back right side and not back left so when you go to the tesla charger now it will occupy two spaces.
I’m glad Steve-O got clean and started an EV car company but he lacks enthusiasm now
The flashlight just sold me on Rivian lmao
Looks sweet! Hope it stays affordable by release!
WHY would you put the charging port in the back right. I think that’s the worst place to put it. I gotta walk around the whole car as the driver to go plug it in. It is also the wrong spot to put an NACS port like wtf.
Just also produce these things with internal combustion engine as well. I will never support fully electric cars never ever
Is that Steve-O?
Rivian is what happens when REI starts making cars.
They better bring both R2 and R3 to Europe!!
Why did Rivian not put the charger on the back left like Tesla? Makes them have to take up 2 spots at Superchagers for literally no reason. So dumb.
R3 looks interesting, might be a contender to replace my Bolt that is IF Rivian get's with the program and brings Android Auto (& CarPlay) to their cars.
Like both cars and would like to see them make it to production but 2026! No way Rivian survives that long unless they get acquired. And only 330 miles of range in 2026 is not going to cut it.
Ouch that mobile phone is TERRIBLE for filming
They look great! But for the life of me I can't understand why they would adopt the Tesla charger, move the charge port to the back, but yet still put it on the wrong side for Superchargers?! If the plan is to use the Tesla infrastructure, it would make sense to not take up two spots at the Superchargers.
If they get R3 starting at $30k, that would be a massive hit in big cities!!   It may start at $35k but $30k would be an exceptional price and could be a very competitive price with the new Tesla coming out soon.
Wondering the full pricing for RWD extended range (what the range) and Two motor extended and it’s range as well.  Charging speeds
9:36 just wait for it
The R2 iis now my dream car
I came to YouTube to learn more about these two vehicles and this was the very first video on my page :)
These are home runs. I love them all.
I like everything about this company except that front end! Keep pushing as it makes everyone better. My only question is when is the capital raise RJ?
dayum that R3S looks sooo cool, it been a while since I saw a car with that much personality. lately cars have been so boring, they all look same, nice to see a companytrying to make something unique a so good looking!
boring
I'm looking forward to R3... I already own a 3 row SUV but am on the market for a smaller 2 row car, preferably electric. This seems to tick all boxes for me. Rivian makes amazing interiors!!!!
The r3 definitely is not production ready since it violates the rule for brake lights
Too bad they some of the most unreliable cars on the road.
I want R3 now
That R3 looks amazinggggggggg
R3: the Gremlin of Rivians!
R3! Can't wait!
The charge port needs to be on the left side like Teslas to avoid chaos at Superchargers.
Are they coming to Europe anytime soon?
R3 looks like straight from Cyberpunk 2077
Or Ikea furniture  Having that front passenger seat fold flat is soooo handy!  Really nice cars. Waiting for them in Europe.
Why put the charge port opposite of teslas when you are going to use tesla chargers?!?!
Such a humble guy, in a good sense
good to see Steve-O is doing well
2026!
r3 looks perfect for europe
Won't the NACS port on the right rear be opposite of Teslas, so the cord might not reach...?
I’m in
OOF rear *right* NACS port is about as incompatible with Supercharger layouts as possible. There’s going to be some annoying growing pains by expanding that standard.
It looks more sporty now, but I feel the gen 1 had a more off road look. Still looks sick though
That R3X has some serious '80s rally hatch vibes. I love it.
rivian look cool but not a fan of the front lights. if they just make some normal shaped light in the front i would be a buyer. these front lights are way too conspicuous.
Plus, RJ is secretly Clark Kent!
He looks like if AI was replacing him with random frames of Steve-O
Is the Rivian coming to Europe?
Very impressive!  I really like the look, features and range of the R2.  Well done, Rivian!.  I've been a hybrid owner for a long time (last 3 cars).  And, while I like EVs, I have not been tempted to go that route for my own personal vehicle.  However, the R2 has me thinking a bit differently!  Thank you for the excellent video!
So we’re all completely sure that isn’t Steve-O?
R2 looks good. Good Luck Rivian🔥
Nice car. I was debating getting a Porsche Taycan. But for a little more, i can get the R2 and Dodge Challenger EV.
Appears the charging port is on the "wrong" side to be compatible with Tesla charging spots?!
R3 is a game changer. Don't delay its release.
I love the whole design aesthetic of EVs. So much better than gas cars. Rivian's design sensibility is particularly great.
I personally like the aesthetic and features of Rivian over Tesla. The lower pricing is very exciting.
Will the R2 have the same specs as R1S in terms of drive modes, heights and stuff like that ?
When are they coming to Europe
I’m loving the r3! It’s such a cool design. It has character unlike some others electric brand…
Wow. What a steering wheel. I hate touch screens and having dials for the steering to control is just awesome.
Shouldn’t the charger have been at the back left corner? To match existing teslas?
I love your videos, however the video quality is not great and it’s hard to watch in big screen since you have to rotate the camera. Can you please change your process for capturing the video. Thanks!!!
Man, what a pleasant surprise and much better event than the usual from Tesla. Really rooting for Rivian!
Any v2l on these cars?
damn that R3 back looks sexy, very retro 80s style
Amazing review
MFW...TIL the Rivian CEO looks like a normal, not coked-out version of Steve-O :'D
I love R3's back, looks sweet that huge stop light.
R3 especially hits the sweet spot in the American market for an electric SUV if they price it $35 to 40 thousand.  2026, 27, or 28 is unacceptable though.  With Amazon and Ford backing them they should have figured out how to mass manufacture a car by now.  If you want to transition the world to EV's you got to learn how to manufacture them rapidly.
Rivian, Fisker and Lucid are all great companies. I bought shares in all 3 of them (as well as Tesla)   Hoping they all survive and thrive!  If they grow like Tesla did, I'll be a multi-millionaire in 10 years.
I hate the low visibility in these low profile windows.
glow-hv-box? who says it like that? its glovebox, glahve, lol
Why show it now if it will be available in 2+ years? I kind of want it now.
Disappointed that we still can’t get more affordable EV’s 45k is still too much. I know they’re expensive to make etc. but we’ve been promised affordable EV’s for years now and no one has really delivered. The 35k Volvo EX30 is the closest so far.
I have an R1T. It is INCREDIBLE. However, I am jealous. WOWOWOWOWOW I want
Me want!
0:21 Is see… I’m not the one that saw Steve-O. I thought that I was just too high.
I did a shoot at the Rivian plant and got to meet RJ. He's just like in the videos. Super nice guy who's really excited about making awesome electric vehicles. He's smart and knows how to put a great team together. I expect big things from Rivian.
Great review! Thanks for sharing.
they need to make a white and blue version and call it the R2D2
Nice! Do they have like a 2 door edition? You know..  an R2D2?
What’s with all the SUVs? Playing safe? Sorry but when you guys will be making a smaller vehicle? Looks boring and honestly just makes no sense now. R2 and now R3, I see this failing soon
Why put the charge port on the rear right instead of rear left?  If you're using a Tesla SuperCharger then rear left or front right make the most sense, do they not?  Old supercharger cables won't reach without requiring you to take up two slots.
Had to duck his head to get into the drivers seat. Hard pass.
Who’s going to be the first person with D2 license plates?
Is he Steve-o's twin separated at birth? Older brother maybe?
I enjoy the MB forgets to clean his phone lens too sometimes
Maybe that R3 wont be too expensive, and can be something to look at when it comes time to replace my Bolt.
R3 and R3x looks perfect for us Europeans too!!! Super excited for that.
They put NACS charging port on the opposite side - that's a FAIL 😅 This will be fun to see R2s block Teslas by parking diagonally in the stalls 😂😂😂😂
I  think found my new ride…
Really looking forward to R2. Wish it was going to be here a little sooner but I suppose I can rock my jeep one more year
Still no carplay or Android auto?  Really?
Count me in for the R3. It’s perfect for me.
That R3 looks like an old Golf (which I love) though I assume it’s much larger.
I want the R2 seems awesome
thats a dream car
Love it. Love more that the market loved it. great green day. Go Rivian holding to my shares and calls
Man, imo, that design language would look siiick in a sedan form.
charge port still on the right is huge oversight…
Light flares are quite noticeable on the footage :(   Room for improvement iPhone camera.
Really happy with Rivian's vision... this is such a cool lineup. Only thing missing is an R2T or R3T!
R3 looking like the one. Modern sized while having the retro vibe
Such an exciting car maker. LOVE these two models — they've found a memorable design language so quickly.
nope
Question: Do ALL the seats in the R3 fold down? That would beamazing
Anyone else think that their CEO is way better than other electric car companies (cough, cough Tesla, cough, cough)
definately would be looking at a r3 as a new daily when whenever it may come out
Marques, thank you for using Metric inserts! Hardly anyone understands imperial outside of the US and UK  As for the car, the front, I'm not a fan. The rest it's boring on the outside, which is a massive compliment!  The interior, looks really good. I hate the touchscreen, but I hate all touchscreens. I love buttons.
Steve-O can do anything at this point.
White Interior, so far I'm loving it!
The best of Jackass.
Still waiting for the R2D2 reveal
No a rivian r4 that is a 4 seater carbiolet
I thought that was Steve-O
My man looks like stevo
I'm amazed you got your hands on it so quick.   As a shareholder of Rivian I hope they succeed as well as Tesla did.
These all look very exciting, the only downer is that Rivian is so slow at production. Hopefully, that'll change soon.
Realy like the R3.... nice and small.... my model3 is way to big for me .... only thing I dont get you put the Tesla chargport in but why on the rightback.... instead of the leftback like a Tesla imo that should be included in the standard of NACS otherwise you keep having cable length issues Hope they stay in business to get this all out the door in the comming years....
R3 is my favourite in this line up.  Well done guys
That flipper glass but on an R2 would be boss. Order in. Only strange thing is charge port on right side, if I'm at at Tesla charger, it's on the left side with short cable, hummm.
Stupid headlights is a no-go.
is he the "jackass" guy?
🎉
Steve- o??
R2 = Ford Explorer. R3 = Golf!
I'll be interested when they make berlin/sedan. All those black plastic fenders SUV look boring to me.
I have an R1T. Does any engineer at Rivian have a family or four friends that want to bring a coffee or drink on a drive. The charge pad location is a poor design. Put normal cup holders there and find a different solution for the charge pad. Leaky drinks put a puddle on the interior floor with the pop out cup holders. I don’t need a middle glovebox. Put a shelf with charger in that spot. If you have five seats you need five cup holders that can be accessed when everyone is seated. With a full back seat, the R1T only has two functional cup holders.
The R3 taillight appears to be 100% attached to the moving hatch. Isnt that against US regulation? I think some portion needs to remain in a fixed position.
R2 is one ugly car. RX3 looks iconic already 😛
When did Steve-O start working for Rivian??
My man, wipe the camera before doing the thing please. It's painful to look at.
R3 gives me Golf 4x4 fibes, me gusta.
I actually like this shorter look. I do need a new car and will consider this as a contender
Ya R3 for sure gives me vibes of VW Rabbit GTI or roids ;)
Baffling why they put the NACS port on the passenger side. Shouldn't they just follow Tesla's convention and put it on the driver side?? (V2 and V3 chargers will not have long enough cables to reach the passenger side).
I wanna see more on the roof top camper
i think all other manufacturers should just wave the white flag at this point and do rear left charge port, because even although i dislike tesla, they have definitely won the charging game, so just make every car tesla supercharger charge port friendly/compatible
Rivian always knows how to nail the design and every day usability. Amazing. And the UI on the system is just 🤌🏼
Bravo to rivian, that R3X is going to be special. Stock is looking like a buy and hold 📈
Finally something we will going to see on the roads more than a tesla,
If only the front face of Rivians wasn’t so damn ugly, they would be a pretty compelling package. But these headlights ugh I just can’t.
No CarPlay/Android Auto?
Exterior design gives me Duplo vibes 😂.
2026 ? Wow the Model Y really has nothing to worry about.
Lookin good
Now I wanna steer my car with a scroll wheel for the absurdity of it
Gib Fiat UNO?
Is there an R2-D2 Star Wars colab version?
*_stares at R3X_*  I don't need it  I don't need it  ...  *_I NEEEEEEEEEED IIIIIIIIIIT_*
RJ seems like a genuine cool and nice guy. He's not awkward like 90% of CEOS are, and he comes across as really passionate (almost geeky?) about his cars. Cool to see that for a change!
Gosh those headlights are hideous 😂😂
Why wouldn’t they move the charge port to driver side rear?
looks like a Ford Pinto in a way.....
Wen R2-D2?
NGL, I liked almost everything I saw. Wow. The all seats down thing is awesome! Love it If the price for the mid AWD version is low enough, I would seriously consider it. I'm in Canada, so AWD for the only car is a must. It also has to be car enthusiast-level fast and have over 400kms in winter. Otherwise it doesn't get on the list at all.
That R3X is freaking sick!!! That’s just what my next car is gonna be I already know it. I love hatchback wagon things, and that thing is just so cool looking! R3 I genuinely feel like will become their “Iconic” car. That design is going to be popular, it’s got this futuristic vintage look that just works so perfectly. And with them all having 300 miles of range! I’m hooked and I’m sold!
Arg plug on right side thats shitty to use tesla network 😢 if they make it right and rdy for europe i take a r2 looks nice
Electric vehicles are cool
I'm pleased with the new SUV I just bought... but this is making me wish I'd waited a little longer. Of course, I haven't even gotten to the point of finding out when a person could hope to get one. Maybe it's still in the last 5 minute of the video. Either way, I didn't wait long enough.
anything under 300 is worthless
How much money did Rivian post in loses last year again..? At the price point - you'd have to be a fool to buy a Rivian
Oh my gosh he looks like freaking Steve-O I swear. You should ask him about Jack Ass
its the fact that they put in two glove boxes....  why hasn't anyone else thought of this....
That steering wheel is absolutely awful. Who wants such a thing in motor vehicle? I wish Rivian all the success in the world. Tough opening a new car company
The charge port should be on the driver side.... like Tesla
If I weren't nervous about Rivian's solvency as a business, I'd be super excited for these cars. As it is, I feel bummed that we either might not see these hit the market, or see it struggle to sell and keep the business afloat. 😿
They really look nice and solid. And fit for Europe too
The fact that you can fold down the front seats I'm really sold on it
This looks awesome!
7:54 bro pause
I'm sure many thinking why Marques using a shitty camera reviewing new car tech stuff? All lens flare,haze,noise is ruining stuff that I really like to see. Kind of ironic... Regarding his philosophy, still the outcome not plesant.
So it's a shagging machine, there I said it. :)
I like it. I like it a lot R3.
Really like the R3, gives me Delta Integrale vibes
so they are moving to NACS but put the charge port in the wrong location. why!! I was excited but now disappointed. I hope they move it in production.
steve o. really cleaned up
Def buying my wife the R2! Windows down driving though the Rockies would be fun !
Why no talk about charging stations? Big miss from MKB here
Have these manufacturers ever heard of global warming? Most places are getting warmer every year. How are you supposed to use this SUV, with that huge glass roof that doesn't have a retractable sunshade, in hot states like California, Texas, Florida, Arizona, Nevada?
NACS placement on the right rear side is a TERRIBLE placement for new designs. It's like they hate their owners... or want to create issues charging.
I’ll tell you what, if they manage to  truly mass produce these vehicles , they are going to make a killing! These are spectacular, functional, beautiful, useful, everything you need from a car.
*shot on mashed Potato
R2D2
Are they planning on exporting them to SK? Because I really really really wanna buy it!!!
The R3 has a great back design, good ground clearance for pot holes, and great cargo space layout? Goddam!!!!
Damn Steve-Os rehab journey has been quite the turnaround
Steve-O a CEO now 😂
I don't understand how Marques could be so apathetic, this is the most exciting thing since back when Tesla had fire products like unveiling the Model 3 and Semi. Incredible style and ergonomics and UI. If Apple ever made their cars I can't imagine coming close to all the cool stuff Rivian has pulled off. Can't wait for the R2 and R3 to come to Europe.
Saint Internet.   We need the rihanna of auto iterations. Always breaking language.
R3 reminds me of fiat 127
I’m ready to get rid of my Tesla for a Rivian looks so much nicer
Wow didn't know Steve-o's twin was the Rivian CEO
NACS!
Copying fisker with the window
This is what VW should be doing. R3 is so much Golf MK2 style! I like it!! Well done. 👍
Honestly I'm most hyped about R3X it looks super fun and still practical. Maybe make a proper hatchback/ hot hatch for Europe. The design language as Senn on R3 works very well with a more compact road going vehicle. Keep the great work up.
R3 is one of my favourite cars to come out lately. Think it looks really good. Cant wait for Rivian to enter the EU and UK market soon
Fold-down front seats.....I like it !
NACS good.. Wrong side BAD!
Needs to have a tailgate, to sit on, and carry longer items.
Fisker ocean is magnitude of orders better looking car
Oh my those are hot
i love how r3x looks but whats the situation with gigantic rivian text at back? that coulda be somewhat simpler.. its killing entire look
Steve O is back
You lost me at 2026
WHY is the charging port on the back right and not on the driver side? Most super chargers are designed for the driver side.
I was glad you showed us the charging port. As expected, the receptacle is J3400. I'm surprised it's on the opposite side as Teslas: good luck stretching a Supercharger cable without straddling two parking spots. Well… maybe by 2026 that won't be a problem?
Golf 😂
"Shot on iPhone 15 Pro" ... and it looks like crap with the light flares. Unless Apple is paying you, I'm sure you can afford a better camera, Marques.
Anyone else think the r3 looks like that guy from nightmare before Christmas?
Rj, you need to create a comfortable environment for your employees first, then worry about making multiple versions of vechiles that people dont really want.
That guy is a sellout $$$$$
Nicest expensive hatchback ive ever seen
r3 looks like golf 1 lol
The R3 Looks like the classic Lada.
I’m not certain which one of these I want, but I want 😮 Please Rivian, RHD and Australia…
Pretty cool that Steve-O works at Rivian. He’s really come up in the world.
Both R2 and the Kia EV9 have uselessly long noses that make it harder to use outside of USA. Please embrace and improve upon the minivan structure instead.
that Base battery 270 mile range is kind of annoying I think we can all agree 270 mi range or less should not belong on any car over 25K
Man, congratulations, Steve-O
I wonder if/when this will be available in Spain
Praying this review can singlehandly save Rivian
Meh
R3 got that Datsun booty
If they want EV's to become main stream they should no longer charge for more range. I.E there is no fuel capacity limit on a base Mercedes trim. All trims should have the same highest possible range.
If they make a 2wd version of the R2, it needs to be called R2D2
Tesla and ALL other car companies, could learn a thing or two from Rivian! They seem to have perfected the art of making their cars look futuristic, with a real nice cohesive design that emphasizes simplicity in the best way possible, and to top it off... I can't help but feel, they also add retro elements here and there! Job well done! 🙏🏾👍🏾😊
Now hoping that the R3 wil come to europe.
Wow, Steve-o's voice changed !
We need some collab for an R2D2...
I had a 1993 Mazda 323 hatchback that looked like the R3. The back looked a lot like that.
Sweet!  R3X Rally???
Anyone else watched the videos just to see him 🫶🏿😂
R3x brings back that passion my generation had for the Bronco and Scout but on a new level so you don't have to spend double trying to customize it. Love it.
Feel like RJ and Steve-O are long lost brothers
Wow! Sobriety really enabled steve-o to reach new heights post-jackass!
If you are going to be using TESLA plugs... why did you put it on the right side??? All tesla chargers are designed for the charger to be on the left side... Having it on the opposite side is just stupid for no reason.
Im not a rivian fan but I like that it's different looking.  I'm glad they are expanding to the mass with cheaper vehicles hopefully it prevents them from bankruptcy
The teal & orange R3X is exactly my color scheme.
If Steve O was sober.
??????????????????????    SERVICEABLE    BATTERY PACK    ??????????????????????
This is exactly what Rivian needed. I just hope that they are able to turn a profit off of each sale. I hope that they can follow in Tesla's footsteps and start making money hand over fist soon. I'd hate for them to go under when they have such a great design and unique approach to vehicles.
This car is absolutely incredible. Going to absolutely poach Subaru's customer base with this price-point.
They crushed it
Steve-o what are you doing
3 of the same car🤭
The R3 looks like Ioniq5 and Rivian had a baby.... the X looks like the car in Cyberpunk lol
Sorry for the all-caps, but sometimes you just gotta scream.  RIVIAN NEEDS TO MAKE A MINIVAN  That is all.
What a cool new Rivian 👍 but I have to go on record saying the guy year interviewing looks like Steve-O's long lost brother. 😁
This is steveo 😊
NO WAYYSEMJjsjdisks
Great to see Steve-O healthy and making cars now.
8:46 red flag🚩🚩🚩🚩 this is what Volvo / Polestar (post 2018 with their CMA architechture) and was DEFENITE Downgrade with recycled plastics.
Rivian comming out swinging. Legacy auto better step up their game.
Steve-O really cleaned himself up
Damn.. I REALLY like the R3
These cars look amazing but I absolutely hate the charger placement. Ports should be in the front of the vehicle in my opinion. I know these sound pretentious/ stupid but why should I have to go to the back of the car to charge it? I love that my Kona has it right in front. Also I wish Rivian would adopt Apple CarPlay & Android Auto.
I love how you say "hopefully it comes out soon" when Rivian is planning on releasing them in 2027...
Idea for Rivian! Team up with Disney to do an R2-D2 version of this car, three tone paint obviously with blue/silver on the top and white on the bottom.  And go crazy with the nods to star wars on the interior and exterior. OH maybe add the Millenium Falcon lightspeed sounds effects when going 0-60.
And still having the charge port on the wrong side
Steve-O owns Rivian?
This is wen I say... Shut up and take my money... But I can't afford it 😢
Love that this was shot yesterday 👀 MKBHD got to see the R3/R3X before anyone else!
I have a feeling R3X will be very popular! All of them look great!
bro clean your camera lens. not hate tho appreciate the quick coverage
R3X will sell like hot cakes
But does it have Android Auto?
The R3X is the best one of all the rivians, the looks, the size, probably (hopefully) the capabilitys.
chargeport should be on the left side which is the right correct side
This guy looks like a sober version of Steve-O from the parralel universe.
Still refusing carplay and android auto, though. Definitely a decision. I mean, I know why. It’s to control access to capability in the vehicle management and infotainment so they can upsell features. They’re afraid phone projection would bypass that and deny access to monetize those things.
Love that R3X!!!!! Little badass buggy, I like anything that reads dune buggy don't know why but always have!
Now make a hatchback, and ill get one xD
Wow this looks great! I am looking forward to R3 hopefully it is in my price range. what is the range on R3?
So proud of Steve-O for turning his life around and becoming the CEO of Rivian
I’m not a huge fan of evs but rivian is by far my favorite company making them, I hope they keep it up
I like it so much more than tesla 14:55
Woah the long lost brother of Steve o
Tis just killer the Fiskee ocean for me
RJ is Clark Kent
that r3x tho, I want one
They are killing it with the design.
UGLY
I'm so glad Steve-O went straight!
So R2 looks like a ford flex with bigger tires. Classic design when everything is electronic and will look aged and tacky within 10 years. Scroll wheels on steering wheel....thats not going to age well. Gotta hit all those corporate buzzwords though i guess
Why this guy look like Johnny Knoxville
Shouldve talked to RJ about the layoffs off the company or its work environment that he has his employee work through. Gotta start hitting these CEO's with the really hard questions!
The CEO looks like he could be Steve-O's brother
Love it! Reserved right away 😊
Is Rivian going to survive? A lot of people are doubting it. Its stock price sucks.
Very cool, really like this company hoping to get one of these vehicles in a few years for my next car!
I will trade in my Model X for this
I don’t get it!! Why would they put the NACS port on the passenger rear? They could have put it anywhere they wanted (like drivers rear) like they should have for the Tesla superchargers and not eat up a stall! 🤦🏻🤷🏻‍♂️
If these stay at $45k these will sell like hotcakes.
A two door hatchback and small truck with the next models would be cool too.
R3 for me please 😊
Sold me on it as soon as I saw the NACS port.
r3!!!!!!!
I hope one day one of these manufactures make a small electric hot hatch! Maybe a little bigger than a Mini or like a Golf size. Im talking same style as the R3X or the Ioniq 5. Nice and boxy / an iconic look. I doubt it will ever happen with the way everything is becoming bloated, but I'll be first in line if they make one.
Steve-O?
Why would they put the purposely engineer the NACS port on the REAR PASSENGER side?! Literally going to take up 2 Tesla chargers from the get go. Front passenger or rear driver side should be a requirement
Is that superman’s sibling? He kind of looks cooler than elon 👍🏼
The red mode on the dash with the camping fold-flat seats and glass roof makes a stargazing dream setup.  I'm in for this (in a few years, obviously).
Why would they put the charge port on the right rear corner. If you are designing a new car and are adopting the NACS standard, then they should have also put the port on the left side to make life easier for using Tesla superchargers.
As a long term SUV hater...dammit, I've always liked the Rivian! Fingers crossed the R2 and R3 come to the UK.  Gotta admit the R3 makes me think of Lada Cossaks, but not in a bad way.
@14:55 he's talking about me
Why put the charge port on the passenger side? They have the option to put it on the drivers side which would allow drivers to not take up 2 supercharger spots. Also having the charge port on the drivers side, makes it more convenient for drivers when it is raining. Tesla should have made a requirement that all non teslas need to switch charge port locations for 2024+ model years.
Absolutely in love with the way the R3 looks. Futuristic with a sort of retro vibe. So sick.
He looks like the Big brother from jackass steve-o?
R3 looks amazing, if they can get those to $40k it's gonna be a hit.
The other guy kinda sounds like elon musk
Glad I put my readers on. Steve-O really needs to quit smoking.
Nice seeing Steve-O getting his shit together and working on a normal job. Even recovered his voice.
It looks like a Range Rover from the side
Where is the R2X?
looking forward to the "-D2" third party emblems
The iPhone flare is so distracting
I love the enthusiasm from Rj Scaringe. I feel like you can feel his excitement about this car.
270 mile range for an ‘adventure vehicle’ just doesn’t cut it. Hope Rivian pulls through though.
The charge port got moved but its STILL in the wrong spot 😑😑😑
This dude looks too much like steveo
Those steering wheel controls look sick! And their software looks super clean. Cannot wait to see more of the R2/R3
#steveo !!!
bro... the light refractions in this video is atrocious
the R2 profile looks like chelsea boots
Why would you design a brand new car with NACS and put the port on the back right instead of the back left? There is no benefit, it's more painful to charge every time to walk around the entire car from the driver side, and you have to block the wrong parking spot at existing Superchargers. I really like the look of these and might consider buying one, but that charger placement could be the thing that pushes me to another vehicle instead.
Availability in Europe?
I lovvvveee that RJ was smart to get top Youtubers and press to come and do one on one right when the release of the vehicles. I also love the lighting and turn tables, keeping the Rivian charater, rivian lighting and the latern light inside.
Great job on the R2.  The R3 is evokes too much of the AMC Gremlin for my tastes but I hope they can sell every single one they can build.  More EVs from  more manufacturers is key.
“So I’ve been test driving the Rivian R2 and R3 for about a month now…”
Everyone is waiting for the R2 unveiling at 10 a.m. PST, MKBHD:  "So I've been driving this for a month now."
Boot lid on the R3 is very 80’s Saab 900’esque. Very cool.
istg, I thought that was Steve-O for a second LOL.
The R3 is gorgeous. The rear reminds me of the old VW Gol made in Brazil in the 90’s
If I need a car in a few years I love the look of that R3
I wonder what the production models will look like, since you have to have rear lights on the back of your car, even when the trunk is opened. 12:38 not sure if that's fully legal?  Looks cool tho!
Omg R3X 😍
The last ICE car I had was a Subaru Crosstrek, which I really, really liked.  I'm driving a Model Y now, but when the R3 arrives, I'll be all over it.  The Crosstrek was my preferred size, and the R3 appears to fit that desire for me.
Marques is quite good being a 1 person media team. Is that a phone he is recording on? And the sound? He has a separate microphone?
This stock is currently on deep discount. I would buy even more if I could.
As a mountain biker.   I will be all over Rivian’s first mini van.    Give me dual motor rally mini van.  I will hand you my moneys
Congratulations Marques.  Great reveal and very cool vehicles.
I like.
Okay I'll buy it because of the flashlight in the door
I LOVE IT! PLEASE TAKE MY MONEY!
Does the rear seat recline? That is huge for us but no one really discusses the back seat comfort and recline features. Liking what I am seeing.
Should have moved the charging port to the back left corner instead of the right corner.
The contrast between Rivian leaning into Marques and Fisker whining about Marques could not be more stark.  Kudos to RJ and Rivian for leveraging Marques here. Brilliant PR move.
The R2 is perfect 🔥
Considering the demand of EV's has dwindled. Let's see if this $50k+ golf carts survive with no real additional range or utility against adverse weather.
Great interview, Marques
Bring R2 to Australia please Rivian
Omg!!! Love it!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
So….who’s going to acquire Rivian?
For the love of God WE NEED Rivian in Europe. Guys. What are you doing?!
What about an R2 Pickup for under 50k!!!!!!!!!!!
1st generation iDrive (2002) from BMW also had contextual haptic feedback with the iDrive controller. later updates discarded this feature due to... costs... so nothing new.
I Lowkey don’t like the design. Prefer the model y but wish  it used higher quality materials
Thats one of the ugliest lookin designs
So they beat Tesla to the reveal of a sub-compact/model 2...nice move Rivian...although who know when Tesla actually is ready to produce model 2 vs. r2 and r3
Yeah thanks but no thanks.  Who but narco traficantes goes for this expensive yet completely useless crap?
Marques avoids eye contact
Boy that lens flare...
and if you get a dent in the quarter panel, that's a $40k repair.
I honestly like the R2 and R3 look more than the R1. They are more sleek and sexy IMO
wow RJ drops R3X Rally Car.... Delta Integra-esque 2026+.... Rocket! wow! I'll take it!
looks awesome, love the price, reserved one (sorry Tesla, but I have a 3 already so its ok)
I really like that!
Excellent day. Can't wait to experience them in person. My only disappointment is there is no new truck coming.
Bring this to India!
Hybrid is the way to go.  If you're caught in a blizzard or in Florida trying to out run a hurricane you're not choosing a EV
6:00 there is that open source project called "smart knob" (or smart knob view) which is exactly that, a smart knob with configurable end stop and click/detent. i hope they didn't just rip off the open source project...
That steering wheel is just gorgeous
Hopefully my Rivian stock will actually do something now, lol.
Let's jump in the backseat is crazy😂.. Great review
I dig the "all seats fold flat" feature. That's nice.
It sucks that’s a cool car company is such a terrible place for blue collar workers to work. It also sucks that the CEO seems like a nice and friendly guy but is also increasing his own income while those at the bottom are being discriminated against and paid so poorly.
I’ll get the R3, this is awesome!
R3X needs some tweaks to make me more interested, but the small offroad capable EV idea is exactly what I want. Gimme a bit more tire, less wheel, a bit more clearance and articulation, paddles to control Regen on the fly, more buttons for important controls, space for a spare, and 500km of range with 10-80% in under 20 mins  Then I have everything I need to the point where I can make it my new only car
the design of the exterieur and interieur is amazing and I was especially amazed by the software design.🔥
Why put NACS at back-right of car? Wouldn't it make more sense to put on back-left so they can charge more easily at Tesla SC?
I love rivians design, i wouldnt be surprised if i got one later in life
Why did they put the NACS port on the wrong side? I don't even see how that makes it better for the driver.
No place for an R2 astromech droid? 😢
I hope they move the charge port to the driver side so it is easy to plug in at tesla superchargers
the back from R3 looks like a VW Golf 3 back!
If Steve and chocolate rain dude had a child, it would be this guy.
So sick that RJ does stuff like this. All 3 vehicles are very exciting!
If the price is competitive, I could drive an R3 down the line. Rivian always gets me excited about the future of the EV market. Adding NCS with CCS support is killer.  *I'm not an EV employee or investor lol
The charging point is on the wrong side for all the Tesla charging stations
Wow, these vehicles look amazing! I think the R3X just became my dream car.
i really hope they don't go bankrupt so I can get one....
please bring it to europe
The R3 gives me vintage vibes in the back kinda like a Yugo but in a good way
The R3X looks like fun. Why didn’t they release that first 😅
The thing that keeps me from even considering a Rivian is the lack of Car Play support.
I would never think of giving up my old gen 3 Prius... until I saw that R3
I really still just hate center controls being all touchscreen.
That R3 is really nice. Definitely will consider it once it is released.
I feel like he’s more exited to me Marques than Marques was to meet him. Such an awesome guy and EV. 🍻
Spare tire???
Why do these cars remind of the old Simca 1100's?
6:20 is the trim on the top left of the scroll wheel cracked??
Steve-O with a Kent Clark disguise.
What a totally normal looking dude. Big fan. That R3 is calling my name.
Those are wicked!  And hopefully that stock price will finally go back up… pls. Pls go back up 🥲
Steve-O is looking great. Recovery coming along nicely
Rear of the R3 has a Pacer/Gremlin vibe.  I like it!
I feel like the R3 and R3X should go harder into the rear design. The front still looks like other RIVIAN's, and the side is just blah, whereas the rear has a different character. I still like it, but they are missing a great opportunity to make a vehicle with a genuine and wholly unique character.
seeing smaller electric vehicles on the horizon is really smart.  I think over time people are really going to miss smaller vehicles and currently most major car companies seem to have ditched their smaller "hot hatch" style cars so knowing and electric car is coming that is reasonable and not a giant monster is great news.
Charge port looks like its on the wrong side (for current Tesla Supercharger layout).
Something tells me that FISKER knows who Marques is now!
Not unique enough, they could have done better.
RJ looks like Steve-O!
The R3 is actually sick
R3 Performance is Perry the Platypus
R3 is spectacular looking.
Why oh why didn’t they put the damn charge port on the same location as a Tesla???!!!
Steve O looking clean
MARKUS BROWN LEEE WHATEVER BUD STICK TO TECH REVIEWS :)
Is the R3 based on the Lada Niva?
Why back passenger side? Should have matched Tesla. Will have same charger parking issues. Disappointed.
R2 Kind of resembles a 91 Ford Explorer.. why's stuff so boxy? The R3X looks pretty cool, however
He look genuinly happy, it's melting my heart hehe!! I love it
These cars look good and seem very practical. But man, deliveries in 2026? What about Europe? 2030? I'm going to want another car in 2026. Or have already bought one from the competition. Make the presentation and then sell it, right away.
I'm honestly more interested in these than the 3-Row SUV and pickup.
It would be great if some venture capitalist bought the Chrysler name from Stellantis and bought and rebranded Rivian to the Chrysler name.
omg that car is gorgeous
I would take this in a heartbeat over a Tesla now that it has access to the supercharger network. You get more for your money it looks like.
I have to say I dont like this. He crushed a fresh company like Fisker out of nowhere and now he does this video with Rivian CEO, pandering the guy without the freedom to make criticism.
why is the port on Right rear and no left rear Driver side or like Tesla Charging standard? seems odd to be on the other side compared to many other cars.
aren't they bankrupt?
Great to see Steve-O working for Rivian.
Ah nice finally a Hatchback
The all seats flat feature is awesome!  I frequently car camp in my Honda CR-V and at 6'2" I can just barely squeeze in there.  The R2 is a game-changer for car campers!
Why did you let JJ Abrams add all that lens flare
R3x is my dream, but the regular R3 is already perfect for my day to day
Shouldn't the NACS port be on the driver's side?  The way it is now, you end up at the wrong slot at the supercharger, don't you?
That R3 design tho....naww!  Who green light that rear design!?  Not feeling it at all.
So, Rivian gets the Red carpet VIP treatment when Fisker had offered very similar and was told "NO, that's not the way we do it".  Sounds like the opinions in his reviews are biased advertising and manipulation.
Yeah, dude.
You know Steve-O?! 😮
At least Rivian’s CEO knows who MKBHD is…. Unlike Fisker.
The iphone makes the dude ORANGE. ew.
Steve-O's transition to Rivian CEO has been absolutely seamless. Great for him.
Really need to work on those facecam shots imo. I really love the main channel because the shots are so nice. So much glare and flare on those shots of you and RJ. Long-time viewer here
Feel a little bad for Fisker. This appears to be the true "2.0."
I just dont like the "iconic"  front end.. They need to flip those Orphan Annie eyes 90 degrees.
R3X looks very interesting, unsure about the orange though
I never knew Steve-o worked for Rivian.
The ceo looked like was seeing thr car for the first time
Coming in 2026 and 2028!!! IF we're still in business......
Just fascinating! I felt marques was tempered for objective review/professionalism in front of the ceo, so i can't wait for his no holds barred expressions on the podcast
Why wouldn't they have the chargepoint on the driver side? to match tesla location.
still, half of 2026 ? Isn't this a bit to early?
Prefer this to the larger models, the proportions are spot-on
Nice.  I really like being able to fold the front passenger seat down too.  I have long surfboards and that would be the trick.
Is losing 80k on every unit a sustainable business model?
The R2 looks gorgeous. The R3 is interesting, but the look reminds me of a Lada. Not the prettiest lines. Curious why they chose to put the charge port on the back passenger side. I would think they would want to match Tesla's placement when moving to NACS for maximum compatibility with Supercharger locations. I hope that even on the wrong side, a supercharger cable will reach while parked in the appropriate spot, not the next one over.
Give my comment a thumbs up if you think it won't be $45,000 for the base R2 when it arrives
Every vehicle should have fold-flat seats. Tesla needs to get on that
I’m seriously thinking of buying an EV SUV just because of this R2.
Honestly the 1 more thing was what rivian needed, its such a sweet vehicle
The R3 looks great. I want one
The R3 is just beautiful. Love it
Ask Steve-O why didn't they just do it on the same side as Tesla?  I know they have time but seems odd.
Marques please clean the lens, there is no reason for your iphone to have astigmatism
Is it me or rivian is moving fast ⏩⏩
Steve-O selling cars now.
If Steve-O didn’t do drugs he would likely be the CEO of Rivian.
Regardless of whatever anybody feels about the Rivian, one thing is certain. The maintenance and any service needing done will be out of reach for 97% of consumers. Don’t hit a deer with the thing. You can’t afford to fix it. Insurance companies know the associated costs and will charge accordingly. Buyer beware.  Plus……..it’s far from a proven vehicle. BUYER BEWARE times 10.
Cool, just not for me.
R3 looks straight outta cyberpunk 77
I was hoping for smaller R1T. Where's the T?
11:06 R3 looks a lot like the VW rabbit and Subaru GL Hatchback from the 80s
Can't wait for R3 to come to Europe! 🤖
Hi Marques. Is the R2 basically the same size as the Fisker Ocean? Hard to tell from the video.
Impressive, love the RIVIANS and ready like the CEO, Kudos! 🎉
XJ Cherokee aesthetics which is good.
2026 😢
why doesn't he pick up a used filthy ones for his review like the ones customers get, what he did to Fisker Ocean
Looking very good, but has the same battery and same technology that Tesla launched a few years ago. So in 2 years when it delivers, it will have about 4-5 year old technology already.
*all* the seats fold down you say😏
the haptic steering wheel dials remind me of the idrive controller in the e60 5 series as it stops when you reach the end of a menu as well
That R3X 🤤!
I like Rivians. R3s backs are ugly though...
Why not put the NACS port on the rear left to match Tesla for use at supercharger stations?  Won't this mismatch mean you'll take 2 spots (if you're not on the edge spot)?
If the pano roofs don't open, i wish metal roofs were at least an optional alternative. Half asleep and cranky after a long kayak paddle, ive tossed straps/buckles over a kayak on the roof, and thats be a much scarier thing to do with these big arse glass roofs... Like the physical controls, hope those prove reliable... Cause they sound a lil fancier than they need to be
1:21 or a *golf bag*
R3
Great vehicle, i absolutely love camp mode but why would you put the charge port on the passenger side if going NACS and trying to standardize* the charging. It's not copying Tesla it's just better to be on the driver side and I can give you a number of reasons why. Safety being 1.
Hey ! I love your content but this doesn’t look independent like your other content - hopefully you’ll be able to try on your own & give your feedback 🙏
they switched to NACS and moved the charge port but didnt put it on the same side as Teslas? Oof
MKB "you have these new accent colors for the R3x. That's......that's.....different."  🤣🤣🤣 So diplomatic.
R3 looks like a futuristic MK1 GTI. The only EV company I’d buy from. Was hooked from the R1.
I hope R3X happens. Thats just about my perfect EV. I loooove rally cars
Is the charge port location like a trademark for Tesla? Why not put it on the same side to make things easy at superchargers?
Will there be a smaller truck? R2T maybe? The R1T is just too gigantic for Europe
2026 is a loooong way away. This car is great but by that time there will be way more options and the hype would have died, the car looks finished what takes two years to finish? Is it that they just don’t have the production capacity?
Just placed my reservation
No 3rd row??? 😥😥
why is the port on the right tho ?
R2T?
R2D2 LOL
If you really want to sell the crap out of these, put a friggin, removable top on it!
These are just stunning cars. I now want an R2 really badly and probably need the extra room, but damn that R3 is SO gorgeous!
RJ needs an ASMR channel, he had a soothing  voice .. and , at this point, get Steve-O to just mess with everyone.. Now, although I admire the vehicles.. the showcase of prototypes is not necessary.. first get the company to make money .. with R2.. control cash flow… remove Amazon vehicles from their business and they will be near bankrupt..
plis stop the phone videos and go back to the old auto focus
I just want to be Marquez for 10 minutes to see the car in person.  Then I'll go back to being me.  lol.
The biggest question is profitability. Theyre losing money, which is normal, but they have negative margins and lose money PER CAR sold, and that is NOT normal. I hope they get things figured out
Rivian come to europe please!!!
Right charging port, but is on the wrong side.
The seats all going flat like this is a great idea. Nothing better than a full size bed in an EV with climate control. Perfect for “camping”.
STEVEO is looking clean . didn t know he works at rivian lol
Isn't the charge port on the wrong side if you're backing up to a Tesla Supercharger?
moved it to the back, but still put it on the opposite side to tesla
I think Rivian is growing.
The R3 overall look from the outside is sick, the back really ties everything. Looks nice
If they can hold quality and scale up in a good way Rivian for sure must have a bright future. Simple yet stylish design, while also scoring on premium feel.  Good innovation and attention to detail. This is the product a much bigger company should present but fail to do.  Also glad they keep stalks and a useful steering wheel and focus on cars people actually need and want.  The folding front seats are so smart and it boggle the mind to why no one else done that.  This could well be a company that take the crown from Tesla for real. Well done and best of luck
R3 gives Gremlin vibes but I like it
How will it charge at a Tesla station if the port is on the wrong side?
R3 looks like a retro Talbot Simca with a Renault logo on the front. Pretty amazing
The R3 is giving me some serious 80's hot hatch vibes, and I am all for it.
R3 and R3X I can see selling very well if they come to UK and Europe. I really love the look of them
Both of these look great. The R3X (rex?) looks amazing with the accents.
Why wouldn't they put the port in the same place as Tesla???
R3 looks like VW Golf 1 from the future :)
RJ ? I thought he was Steve-O HAHAHA
R2D2
I like the R2 and I am really hoping Rivian can survive and succeed because they do build some nice EV's that are all-around good!
The R3 is going to came to Europe?
It looks like really cheaped out on this thing (the R2). I guess they had to get that price down.
R3X looks iconic already. I want one.
Towing?
Homerun vehicle!!! I reserved immediately, bye bye Model Y!
I like this guy who's speaking to MKBHD
Incase you were wondering, they both had on Hollyland Lark M2 microphone. Pretty great mic!
Style it up like everyone's favorite droid!
R3 in the UK please!
They need to make a 2-Cyl diesel hybrid called the R2/D2
I'm not one for starting rumours, but I've never seen Rivian's CEO and Superman in the same room.
Bring them to Australia……  We need more choice and these look amazing, I’m holding stock, love Rivian
Is it me, or does RJ look like Steve-O?
Are they not going to take chances like fisker or is this a coincidence
They should really put an umbrella instead of a flashlight, Is much more practical and i'm sure it's cheaper too
I likes 👍
Just me who finds these Rivians to be god-ugly? Especially the headlights.
If I had to buy an EV it would 100% be a Rivian...Especially now that they have the NACS port...There are so many more Tesla superchargers around me than any others
R3 is gorgeous
Volkswagen Golf Mk1 is back...
Good for you Steve O. Those jackass days are behind you man congrats big money.
Was this an impromptu afterthought event in which Rivian boss had to jump in and do it instead of someone more capable of actually selling the product? Because, I don't know for American sensibilities, but this is a flop for marketing department. The guy is maybe capable of running the company, but just keep him away from camera, he can't sell you a pen. Other than that, nice restyling of the Lancia Delta (Integrale) / VW Golf 😀
Just want to say, thank god they still have proper stalks for turn signals and wipers. TAKE NOTES TESLA!!
Damn those EVs are ugly AF from outside but with great interior looking . Can we see better design in the future?
they need to come to europe!
R3 looks a bit like old VW golfs. Which is a good thing!
SCREW the R2, everyone wants the R3X, they should stop all production and focus all their efforts on the R3.
Who Is RJ??  ❤
camera simulates how astigmatism looks like
These are gorgeous cars, I reeeaaalllyyy dig Rivian's design aesthetic. Can't decide if I want to get in line for the R2 or wait for the R3, both are so cool.
I think this car has a lot going for it
I don’t like them at all😢
If Steve-o never used drugs
The R3/R3X is really giving me, an hear me out pls, strong Lada Newa kinda of Vibes. Now, I dont know if that Vehicle is even known to US People but here in Europe its actually a cheap, practicable and kinda funky looking (russian made, ok) small-frame offroad vehicle. And I mean that in the most positive way possible. Almost nobody here has the need for a large Truck/SUV Type, but this Kind of hatchback/mini-crossover with good looks and actual practicability (offroad and in the City -> Parking) seems to me like the perfect vehicle for these times, especially with the Option for a sporty variant. Maybe its just me, but id take it instantly, at least if theyre gonna sell it over here.
R3🔥🔥🔥
Munro says they have really high build quality. Also those buttons look so good! I want one!
The R3 and R3X are awesome. If they can get the price down to about $35k-$40k for the AWD model I think they'd be a smash hit. I do feel like the naming scheme is a lost opportunity however, I think they should have taken a page out of Subaru's book along the lines of what they did with the Outback name in the past. Before it was a model name it was the designator for the lifted off-road version of on-road cars, The Impreza Outback and the Legacy(Liberty) Outback. Rivian could have done the same making a R3 on-road model, lower, less plastic cladding, lower profile performance tires, etc. and reserved the R3X for an off road oriented model. I get that Rivian's thing seems to be off-road vehicles, but there is still a decent amount of people out there that don't want a SUV/CUV and I think this vehicle would be the perfect platform to introduce an EV hot hatch. The market seems to be lacking EV replacements for affordable performance cars like the WRX/STI, GTI/Golf R, Civic Si/Type R.
Why is the charging port on the right side?
Put a gas engine in it and I’ll buy one.
my name is Andrew and I am indeed excited about R2 but even more so R3
So the charge port door is on the opposite side as Tesla's? Why would you do that?
Uau that's an ugly car
R3 is the perfect size but the back design and the shape reminds me on the older cars. Wish some tweak will be making to the back design and it will be perfect
Wait shorter that model Y? Surely not
R3 design reminds me of the 80s hatches like the golf and civic, love it
Looks like a 70's Lada!
You really hated on the Fisker Ocean, but it's here now, costs less, and the range is better.  Why aren't you more critical that this vehicle is two years out?  This R2 and R3 are marginally competitive with EVs that are here today.  I'm disappointed these vehicles are two years out.
Why is the charge port in the WRONG place? It should be on the driver's side!
awesome machines. ❤
Steve O is killing it
You are fast 😂😂😂
I want them all!
R3 X is for me!  Might have to trade in my R1T!  Hands down the absolute best car/truck ever made!
Didn’t know Steve-O was in the car business.
the R3 looks a bit like a Lada...
Somebody really likes the Lancia Delta. Because the R3X looks like a modern update.
The R3 is FAR more interesting, though I am concerned that they don't seem to have amber rear turn signals.
I’d want the r3!
I don't understand why they would put the charge port on the passenger side. Any ev built with the NACS port should be in the same spot as Tesla's so they don't take two spots
Hopefully they come to the uk
Burning thru that 💵 tho, hope they make it. 😬
The wheels on the wheel are like Porsche, surprised Marques didn't compare it to the Taycan. These do seem a step further though!
Isn't the charge port on the wrong side if charging at a tesla super charger?
I love the roll down back glass. I have that in my 4Runner and the negative pressure pulls exhaust in the car. Won’t have that with the electric R2
That r3 looks promising for a daily driver.
Europe when? Price of R3 base?
now its not a car review its a product placement channel. bye
its the r3x for me. I love the other cars a lot...but there is something about a no nonsense fun well designed car
Pretty refreshing to see a humble, heads-down, ambitious, passionate EV CEO. (the antithesis of current day Elon Musk)
So , for the r3, you just decided to straight copy the front, back, and pilar design of the original Honda’s Urban EV concept (don't confuse this with the terrible looking production version of it , the Honda e) from 2018 but super size it? Hope you gave the designer some cash for his IP.
Well i definitely appreciate this approach of taking videos for Auto Focus channel all using mobile phone, but i think there is still a level of acceptance that needs to be put in place regarding quality. The image looks so fuzzy as if the lens is not clean. You can easily tell from the led lights in the location. But of course its still an amazing video to enjoy.
I have an R1S as our family vehicle.. the R2 will be mine! Tri motor here I come.. Pre-Ordered at 10:01 today!
I like the R3 the best. I like the look of the back. For me, the way the back looks is as important as the front
Love
R3!? wow didnt see that one comming. honestly its an uphill battle for EVs now market is getting saturated but wish them all the best
range what about range , the most important thing
After what he did to Fisker, there only letting him review with a PR person
Rivian and Lucid are my favorite EVs
A fold flat passenger seat, and opening rear glass are my two requirements for whatever EV will replace my 2006 Pontiac Vibe. I reserved at R2, but might wait for the R3X!
meh
I'm guessing the car wouldn't start with the passenger seat folded ?
God that R3 is amazing looking. I need it
it looks like a old  Land Rover feelander
Not sure about the two glove boxes but it's 1000% better than Fisker's weird tray tables. Sign me up for an R1T, R2, and R3X! Love that hatchback.
Marques is like - I'm gonna review this car while the CEO is sitting next to me - rather than interview him :P
Steve-O really cleaned up well
Were you not allowed to ask about the R2t? Seems strange to me there’s no coverage on that anywhere. Maybe I just missed it.
rivian is definitely my next car after my tesla gets older
What about R1?  Is there a refresh coming?
R3 Am sold
The man's shoes !! I trust this guy! I am going RIVIAN
I think its cool that the CEO of Rivian did this because, now he can get input from people's ideas and show what innovation they are gathering to make this process become true.
Love the rear of the R3/X!   Hopefully sub 35k for the base.
R3X perfects the future aesthetic as opposed to the cybertruck. The back looks amazing
Game changer, f model y - 2026 though?  Too late if you’re in the market now.
Is it just me or does the back panel not match up?
Please launch it in Australia
Looks as if the Fiat Multipla mated with the Range Rover Evoque
Absolutely love the fit and finish of all Rivian vehicles.  Design language is very refined and well thought out.  Really like their entire vibe.  R2 reservation complete!
R2 - so close to the first all electric wagon!
Steve-O looking good!
The R3 will not pass regulations. You need fixed taillights to prevent cars from driving into parked cars on the shoulder of the highway.
I've been holding out for a road tripable (new word) EV. Keys for me: NACS (check), can sleep inside (check), 300+ mile range (check). Probably wouldn't be able to pull the trigger for a couple of years anyway, so 2026 is fine.
It is an amazing vehicle. Too bad it doesn’t come out until 2026 at the soonest. That is just too long from now.
RJ missed his chance by not suggesting carrying wood in it, those front fold seats seem like it would be made for it. Im convinced I'll be changing out my mazda cx-9 because of that functionality.
unrelated, but the lens glare on the iPhone is very very distracting. especially in a room with a lot of lights, it loses of its edge over other phones in the video department. it just looks like the lens is dirty! kinda weird that no one mentions that when comparing video.
The scroll wheels are hideous. The R1 version wheel is much better.
I really appreciate that Rivian is actually trying (and doing very well) to make cool/interesting/fun EV's. I really hope it becomes a successful brand.
Why not back left charging port?! Cluster at Tesla superchargers.
Am I the only person who thinks those huge wagon wheels look a bit oversized for the R3?
Damn, look at Marques getting a VIP empty room tour.
finally cars becoming smaller, not larger
I want that R3 so bad. Its so cool
Man I just love that R3X
Filmed on?
I've always wanted drive mode control from the steering wheel, I hope they OTA update the R1S with that
Love the cars. Too bad I probably won't ever have one
Tesla fanboy isn’t dissing it?
The stoke is real boys
the R3X looks great
This will do good to piss off Tesla fans having the charging port on the rear passenger side.
Hoping for D2 trim to be announced soon
Meanwhile with fisker…
I wish Rivian does/will succeed, I really feel they are the Android to Tesla's Apple design....  I really like their designs.
After MKBHD ripped about Fiskar they really sent their Steve-O to stay with him the whole time to make sure everything was explainable abt the car 😂
I didn't think I'd love these...but these look awesome.
This guy can't stop smiling talking about these vehicles😃
The Rivian 3 alongside the Renault 5 is now my favourite EV, looks-wise. This one clearly still needs a little work :D.
So. . . . if you get the Dual motor version. . . . will the badging say R2-D2?????? 😁😁😁
Not cheap enough. Tesla is ramping up in-house battery production of 4680s, by late Q2 2026 there's a good chance the Model Y is a $35,000ish vehicle.
R3 looks really, really good.
Love the r3x
Gas powered still $20k less.
Hopefully in 5 years’ time, I can pick up an R2 for 20k or so   I mean the pricing is way better for this platform, but sheesh 45k… 🥲
I may have found the replacement car for my '18 Model 3.
Rather surprising they didn’t put the charge port in the left rear ….
I love the design of r3, resembles toyota ae86 from the back, gives of a retro vibe while still looking modern.
What's up with that lens bro.....super glare. Maybe wipe the lense first? Awesome video though
That is Steve-O's twin brother that never did any drugs. Crazy how different they look yet so similar.
This company is going bankrupt for sure.
Seems like the R3 has a glaring repair-ability issue, there's no gap in the back quarter panel leading up to the roof, meaning you get a small dent there, the entire top frame of the car needs to be taken apart?
Great to see quite a few cars that try something new. New styling, design and concept of using it. This is really refreshing after all the same looking cars from the past five to ten years.
Shame you didn’t do this with Mr Fisker.
Maximize R2 Cargo Space Easily!  7 Unique Features of the Rivian R2  Revealing Rivian R2's Eco-Friendly Interior Secrets  Rivian R3 Guide: Smallest, Budget-Friendly EV Crossover  "Switch to a Rivian Today: Top Urgent Reasons!"  High-performing Title alternatives by Agent Gold AI
The R3 back looks like the Ioniq 5 back with Rivian seasoning
omg it's ugly
The R2 looks awesome
Get someone to hold the camera FFS
Stalks! Thank you for keeping them!
Why put the NACS connection in the right rear? It would make more sense in the front right or rear left so when at a tesla supercharger you don't take 2 stalls.
R3x looks straight of of cyberpunk 2077
Any reason why the charge port is on rear Right Side? If they are going to use tesla superchargers, makes sense to move it to the left so they wont have to take 2 spaces. Hopefully this is a consideration before release and they change it.
Boring 🥱 no innovations
I want that R2 or R3 badly. Functional space and friendly design, what else you need. Did not expect them to reveal a hot hatch too.
one healthy steveo on video ;)
Wow really proud of Steve-O turning his life around so much
I don't see a rear wiper.. hmmm...
Ugh WHY did you move the charge port to the rear passenger side. Who in the world backs into their garage, and it's not even on the correct side to use NACS Superchargers with the shorter length cable. If it is going to be in the back, it should at least be on the driver's side like Tesla.
You've earned some good rest RJ. Incredible work 👏
I want the threeeee. I’m ready for an upgrade from my 2020 Kia Niro ev
I appreciate the innovation, but they're soooooo ugly.
Congrats on the video, and to the Rivian team. I can't imagine how proud they are. I wish them nothing but success! I love all the models but there's something I don't understand: why keep the port on the opposite side a supercharger would be able to reach without occupying 2 spots?
R3 is perfect for European Markets , South America , Asia ...  I think Rivian loves the Tesla Cybertruck because is expensive, ugly, hard to build , too big...  lol
When are they planning to update R1S with Tesla charger
that R3X looks so dope!
Will there be an R2D2 variant?  Gotta hook those Star Wars nerds.
Rivian, PLEASE put the charge port on the driver's side rear or passenger side front so that it works better at Tesla Superchargers. -Sincerely, a future R2 owner
Nice work!
Looks like a land rover
I truly hope these guy crush it. Phase one complete: Delivery a killer product. The Rivian brand is iconic! My son stops and shows me every Rivian he sees even the Amazon trucks😊❤😅. That’s the spirit brand!
Sheeeesh this looks great
Finally justice for flat
Stevo's straight shooting brother xD
The R3 looks like a Honda e
wall-e
It's beautiful and more affordable I think it will be a big seller
Yo! The R3X looks like some much fun. I'd love to have that car someday.
I love this car, would totally buy if I knew the company will be around to honor the battery warranty.
R3 design reminds me of Honda E
it's great but why does it have to be fast ?  i want a 4wd version with 2-300hp and a 35-40k price  , like stop trying to be the biggest wiener , with 0-60 times , it;s an SUV ! do a cheap EV with long range and less power
Bummer on not having the Bluetooth speaker but they have 2 years to fix that
Anyone know the mics (attached to his and RJ's shirt) Marques is using in this video?
Any towing capacity?
Tesla is finished. They will only be known for charging equipment because no one is buying a Tesla with the Rivian just demolishing it from every aspect.
I cancel my model 3 for the r2
The plastic is based from the ocean?  So in order to make more Rivians... We need to throw more plastic into the ocean.
R3 looks like a Lada Niva.
Looks meh
Thank you for that video, Marques!
your videos are good but i think you should focus your camera towars car while talking about it not your face
If rivian releases an EV in the $30-40k range, they will flourish.
"Starting" at $45,000 for an electric Santa Fe/Escape/Rav4.  Totally a sweet spot!  SMH.  Other than Tesla, these EV companies are all going to fail.
The controllers on the steering-wheel look super cool, but still, why do car companies nowadays hate regular buttons so much?
The R3 seems like a good competitor to my Hyundai Ioniq 5. These all look amazing!!
Is it just me or does rj not seem very enthusiastic on this vid, Maybe he’s just stressed out?
These look miles better than anything legacy auto has come up with until now, if they actually manage to produce them at scale and be profitable, these will sell like hotcakes
The bots on this channel… “I made my order this afternoon…” sure you did. Rivian is in the toilet, it’s lost 90% of its value since going public. I guess they can hope to emulate Tesla…. Oh. Buy a gas car!
R3🥰
Looks good. But as a European, those charge doors look too smal for our charging standard.
Its Steve=O if he never did drugs.
R2 is the sweet spot for me. Wonder if there will be a R2T…also crossover are the new word for station wagons huh? I love wagons
why wouldnt they put the charge port back LEFT like a tesla if they're using NACS? This is going to take up 2 stalls
R2 R3 and RJ
Apple should just acquire Rivian and call it a day.
Steve-O??
That's a VW Golf 2 Allroad from 1990
that’s Steve-O
The back of the R3 gives me 1982 Dodge Omni vibes...
Beautiful vehicles.
With the quickness
4.71m is still a big car also why does R3 look like 1st generation of Fiat Panda?
this is steve-O if he had a passion for making electric cars
I know you’re doing more car videos now, you should really connect with the well known reviewers and get your video quality more on point. Outside everything always looks washed out with too much lens flare, blacks aren’t rich enough. Also use shadow areas more for your interior shots. You aren’t showing off the vehicles to their true beauty
The wheels on the the steering wheel seem way too big and would be easily bumped during driving.
Love them all! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
That's Steve-O
the R3s are supe retro future, I like that
smaller cars please
270m for the 45k model.. Horrible... ill pass.
I never understand the point of "hyping" up a car announcement  for weeks to then say "coming in 2 years time in 2026" .... 😐 How can I get excited about something that will have such a long lead time?
RJ looks like if Stevo didn't harm himself for 30 years.
Electric Honda Element!
UI looks like shit, its like Microsoft Edge vibes lol.
Little disappointed no mention of R2T, but I guess they gotta focus on what is in demand right now.
The R3 looks like the small car from Cyberpunk 2077, love it!
Why in the world would they put the charge port on the right side of the vehicle? If they were obviously planning to use NACS and share the TESLA superchargers, put the charge port on the driver side. These manufaturers make things harder than it needs to be
😭 Love the design, but they're huge! God I want one so bad...
Can't wait to see what the R2D2 looks like.
❤
See Tesla, that's how you do a new wheel design. Keep it simple, functional and aesthetically appealing. I really wish Rivian all the success in the world with the R2/R3 duo. Arguably the best looking and well rounded EV's available right now. I'd happily drive around in an R2/R3 if they made rhem in RHD!
R2 is 2 years away? So paper launch, got it
Why wouldn’t they put the charge port driver side rear?
Mad props to Rivian for making a $45000-base vehicle that not only includes a highly functional digital instrument cluster but also a highly innovative interface device on the steering wheel to use it. With Tesla we just get one screen :(
This Rivian naming convention. Not sure I love it.
Pretty sure you are required to have some light that stays down if you open the lift gate. R3 design may have to be changed or a light added in the back
Need to know more about R3X
What they have done is incredible. I hope to see in the near future the introduction of a sedan. I think that would look really cool especially if they could incorporate the headlights in the same fashion.
R3 is giving me major Golf/Rabbit vibes, and may wind up being the iconic electric "hot hatch" for this generation
Is there any logic to putting the charge port on the passenger side other than just being different from Tesla? It feels more convenient for the driver all around if the charge port was on their side.
That R3 reminds a little of a 1st Gen VW Rabbit 👍
The R3 Looks like a Hyundai Ioniq 5 and a Ford Bronco mixed
Did you happen to see how many LATCH hooks are in the second row?
I feel like they should keep the nomenclature the same. R2S for the SUV
I can't believe they put the charge port on the wrong side.
Great ideas.  Love it!  Hope you can manufacture at mass and keep your price point.....and make a profit!
R3X looking hooooot
Folding the front seats is a absolutely a game changer! Even the passenger seat folding will allow you to carry longer item inside. I'm impressed! R2 would be awesome for the European market.
Did Marques really have the CEO give an elevator sales pitch to him?
Does it have air suspension or not?
This looks really nice, nice to see they don't cut back on safety features like removing indicator stalks and button for horn
That's not "RJ". That's Steve-O. Who are you trying to fool man?
Wow that's aggressive pricing. I wonder, with the short sizes, what the wheelbase is.
I love the looks on the R3! It reminds me of the first generation Golf.
I would buy that R3X in a heartbeat, even without CarPlay... which has been a sticking point for me until I saw that R3X 🤤
Any chance of them coming to Europe with these more conventional size vehicles?
Flashlight will be lost within a week
Now we have an answer to the question “what would StevO look like if he hadn’t done cocaine”
The R3 products are amazing. That is the look so many people have wanted and carmakers have not been offering. The trunk glass split and overall design are so thoughtful - that's the one to buy. 2026 cannot come soon enough.
I like how newer brands like Rivian include unique features
Still bummed Bezos owns Rivian, but it's neat to see what they're doing to bring more competition into the lower priced EV space
I like R3 . How is Rivian financialy? Chinese brands flood the market in Europe. Brands false range claims, battery life is big a concern.
Just realized how tall marques is that rj has to look upwards to him
Well looks like I'm getting a Rivian.
Would be cool if someone would make something that's missing. A small cheap e sportscar with just enough practicality. 3 seater with the passengers left and right. Just enough space to lay them flat and go camping too.
OMG - new car and charger port on back right? Really? 🤷🏻‍♂️ Rivian techs must have IQ = 5 🙈 Come on, put it on back LEFT!
Dimensions are weird. Looks like someone tried to crush an SUV from the top.
Now unquestionably my favorite auto channel (sorry Doug, still love yours too). The new models look TIGHT. Rivian is doing the right thing, though execution will definitely get dicey until production ramps. Love my R1S, just got it last weekend.
Super excited for the r2 and r3!!
I love this company
R2 coming 2026... So this is just a teaser 😂
RJ looks like Steve-O
Mkbhd always talks about how amazing video on the iPhone is but the iPhone was clearly struggling in this particular scenario
Why did they decide to put the NACS charge port in the wrong place again for any Tesla charger other than V4? Right front or left rear fine. Right rear or left front blocks two spaces at a Supercharger. I would definitely consider this over a Tesla MY but not with that port placement.
Rivian is one of those companies that think they need to make EVs quirky looking but that's not what people want. Tesla is winning because they are sleek looking. Can't take these headlights seriously
Eh.. I’ll pass
this or fisker ocean?
Daaaaaang these look good!! (and practical!)
Do you think the Fisker guy watches this video and wonders what "this mouthful kid" is doing with the CEO of Rivian?
where at the live event in person? Marques
Wow that R3X looks like a lot of fun. I wonder what the pricing will be like.
I'd really been hoping for a Maverick/ Ranger sized truck on this platform. If you could make it in RHD and bring it to Australia it would sell as fast as beer at the cricket
My only issue with R2 is why did you not move the charge port to the rear driver side to reduce charging issues with Tesla Superchargers?
Really love the R3. If they get the turning radius right, R3 will go nuts in Europe. Reminds me a bit of the Honda e concept (which I preferred over the Honda e) and I'm sure they get the battery size / charging speed right (which Honda did not). A bit sad that I bought a MY (which is fine, but the turning radius of M3 / MY is for America, not Europe and driving the MY in Italy gave me anxiety)
whatever phone you recording with sucks.
Does R2 come to Europe?
R3 looks soooo goood!
Products look gr8!!!
its Steve-0 terriblemente parecido!!! XD
Sure a city car that can also off road... Americans are really good at making very unnecessary choices. They want it all....
Sometimes the phone filming is a let down on Auto Focus, rare L
okay I had to pause the video to say what the heck at the NACS port on the back right? tesla superchargers are all set up for either back left or front right. With this you're forced to hog 2 spots. Not cool lol
Rivian front lights reminds me of a Muntjac Deer nostrils
great cars, the r2 gives a little bronco vibe. i like it
So, when will Rivian start doing Right Hand Drive vehicles?
R3 shape gives me Honda-e cross with an old Russian UAZ vibes... I like it.
Dang. The future looks cool
cant stand those headlights.  looks to kiddie, hello kitty like.  now, turn the ovals 90˚, and it's totally diff!  in a + way, but shouldve been rectangles, sideways.
R3 это Нива
Reserved!
My guy wasted no time getting this out! Thanks for the review. Rivian is my favorite EV. BMW is probably my favorite high end EV.
Why not back left for the NACS, to keep the same as Tesla?
love the R3 the most
Corporate Steve-O
Holy shit. The R3 and R3X look incredible. Almost reminds me of a larger VW Golf Rabbit. Exactly what I've been looking for from Rivian. A must have 😭 I'll need to get my life together before then lol.
My future vehicle to replace my current crossover. I'm so EXCITED! 🎉🎉
Man... im happy for them but man at this point why buy R1 anything at this point?  😢
As someone who prefers small sedans and crossovers over all the big giant ass SUVs. R3 was a massively pleasant surprise. Really glad to see Rivian is going to have something small in the future if they can make it long enough to be profitable.
RJ nailed it by saying that the focus is on first and second row comfort Vs. focusing on a the 3rd row which is such an exception use case.
Why these new companies or vehicles doesn’t have real names…ie integra, corvette, corolla, and more?
I hope the R2 has NACS charging port from the onset because it looks like a compelling model.  But the "Yugo" inspired styling of the R3X is a big miss.
Imagine going from smashing your balls and getting stung by bees on Jackass, doing comedy then launching an electro car company. Steve O has really had an amazing career lol
I like Rivian trucks, but they're still too expensive.
This now has my favorite gauge cluster. It looks like what Apple was shooting for with CarPlay. Very excited for future reviews of performance and other improvements
👀 14:43 Andrew, you’ve got to get one now.
Awesome to see NACS as stock charging port
Really hope Rivian excels in the coming years. They have an awesome product.
those steering wheel haptics are actually really cool
Steve-O is working for Rivian now?
How Can I get this in Europe?
I like these things, except I absolutely *hate* the nose. The grill and lights are just hideous. Enough to be a dealbreaker for me.
Would have been interesting to know if R2/R3 will also be available in Europe
Filmed on iPhone... The stabilisation is terrible...
The Charge port location is going to suck at Tesla Superchargers.
Apparently R4 is coming out too, hotwheels edition 🚗
If they were going to pick a new location for a NACS port, why would they pick back right and not left. Now it going to take up TWO Supercharging stalls 🤦‍♂
Why back right with NACS?? That just insures you're going to block a spot most of the time at a Supercharger
Great first impressions! The video quality is a little 🗑️kinda distracting if im honest.
I have to say I wish Marques filmed this video with his regular camera and not a smartphone camera- I don't like the video quality. BTW other than that I loved the video
R3X... heavy Cyberpunk 2077 vibes
Wait a second. In the presentation he said all trims was over 300 miles range. In this video he says base model just under 300 miles. Am I getting that right?
Camping?.....or home of the future.
Why put the charge port on the passenger side?  The driver is almost always the one charging the vehicle.
the R3X has my name all over it. Perfect for a small gal like me!!
Damn ! Loving that R3 ! Looks like an old school rally car !
For those who do not like EVs because they often look so different from ICE vehicles and have so few buttons, the R2 looks like it will be a good bridge from ICE to EV.  CATL and BYD said they will see battery costs drop by half this year, so it makes the $45,000 retail target seem like a realistic target. Remember, 2026 is when this comes out.  As excited as people about the R3, keep in mind odds are it will not be out until 2028 because Rivian needs to get the R2 not only into production, but ramp production up.   Glad to see another EV option coming to market. The more competition the better for consumers.
Why is the charger on that corner... Follow Tesla's lead and put it on the back drivers side!
RJ reminds me of Steve-O. Ha.
Think these will sell ridiculously well. These lower price and smaller vehicles are what people will gravitate towards. Both the R2 and R3 look better than the R1.
Time to go make some money now to buy one....brb!
I dig this, finally this it the middle price range vehicle yes!! Probably people shuld wait for gen2 however 👍
Head lamp is the biggest problem
Beautiful vehicle but why are there no trucks? Smaller trucks are very popular, such as, the ute in Australia and the P100 in the UK.
I LOVE the R2S, but the R3 has a back end that looks very 80s, and not in a great way…. Very cool to see the next iteration though!
How is the R3 getting away with a brake light bar entirely mounted on the tailgate? I don’t see anything on the frame itself, not even a small strip of LEDs unless they are very well hidden. Is this a new change to US regulations coming before this is released? Or is this a conceptual vibe that will need to be changed before production?
R2 R3 qualify for 7500 rebate? rebate take off sale price like Tesla?
r3 looks fucking awesome
R3X looks like a stubbed EV Range Rover with more character.
R3X looks like Midnight Club 2 version of a Rivian. Like a perfect video game car.
I watched the reveal live😂
Rear rolling down glass on the R2 is awesome. As someone with dogs, this is super useful. Also being able to keep long wood out the window when you drive is another huge bonus
So they adopted NACS and moved the charge port but didn't move it to the rear driver's side to work with superchargers?
R3X = Lancia Delta Integrale. Lovely!
the R3 looks incredible!!!
Rivian is on the ropes! Claiming the R2 will not even be available until 2026. Many feel they will be out of business before that. Reality Check!
Why no price and release info on R3?
Now we talking.  I like'em!
I'm very impressed. The software looks beautiful and intuitive, and the hardware is also well-thought-out. Shout out to the ever-changing scroll wheel. What a great idea.
Stevo-O had quite the career change
I would think Rivian would be in the main channel. Oh well.
That guys looks like if Steve-O went to college
You're licking balls. This R3X looks like the baby of a Lada Niva and an old school Golf. R2 still too big and expensive. 3 vehicles and all of them are wrong. You guys at Rivian lost it. At least the Fisker that you slammed looked good. Getting out of my shares at the first opportunity.
It's hard to get a good grasp on the sizes to me.  R2 just looks like a smaller R1, which was expected.  I love the smaller size, price, and edgier, sportier look of the R3!  I'm particularly interested in whether the R3 is closer in size to Subaru Crosstrek or Toyota Rav4.  I'm hoping it is smaller than the Rav4 and similar-sized vehicles.  Seems like R3 will be compelling competition for the upcoming Volvo EX30.
Wish Rivian the best! They are a cool company!
This car looks sick
why is the charging port on the rear passenger side?
why is the charge port on the passenger side if part (all?) of the point in transitioning to nacs is to utilize tesla's charging network? won't this continue hogging stalls cause the cable isn't long enough?
When exactly did YouTube turn into late-night infomercial media? It seems like it was such a slow and insidious onset, I can;t quite place a date on when this exactly started to happen.
3:30 well that's going to be an issue when charging at Tesla charging station will be taking 2 spots
The r3 is awesome and i dont even normally like rivian. Please get rid of those kia soul accent mirrors though.
Thought it was the Jackass guy 😅
Independent reviews please
Is the cork steering wheel already cracked? 6:33 looks like the corners of the cork is already falling apart a bit... I like the idea of some of the features and materials used... But I had questions and doubts about viability of those things... A closer look definitely seems to reveal the points of concern.
I want a job at Rivian both because I love and believe in the brand, and also because it would get me back to my native OC. Let's do this, RJ.
Great work ❤
I want one! Bring 'em to Europe!!
R3X looks like a toned down WRC car!!
I’m sorry but I have to see this out there many many times before I consider liking that design lol right now for me looks pretty ugly
Rivian killing it. Also not run by a psycho. Definitely thinking about getting an R2.
Love it! I have an r1S and love taking it out into the wild!!!!!
Why the heck is the charge port on the back right and not the back left 😭😭
I knew it was an iPhone when I saw the lens flare
"Iconic brand" A company that has sold like what, sub-100k cars in 3-ish years? Come on now.
the front stops me from buying any Rivian. Headlights' design is not attractive. I'm not the only one @rivian
I want R3
Thought the R3 was the rebirth of the AMC Pacer
Oooo! How many cupholders are there in each? I want to sit in them!
The R2 should have been named the R1C (for CUV) and the R3 should have been named the R1H (for Hatchback) ... they also need a mini truck named the R1U (for Ute).
Man, that R3 is perfect for the european market.
Maybe r5 or r6 will be a reasonable size
disappointed there isnt a r2d2
R3 is cool!!
Steve-o and Johnny Knoxville love child
So they put NACS on the rear right vs. Tesla rear left?  Does that make sense?
I like to see a car company owner talking  only about his business … better than someone talking about everything
This guy is a version of Steve-O without cocaine
Literal hands on. Any more hands on I think you would have drove it off that stage like a mad man, LOL!!!!!
RJ looks like a less beat up Steve-O
If Keen Shoes made trucks, they'd be Rivian
bro he´s so orange holy shit bro´s finna turn into an orange
Tesla and Rivian have the best dashboard and ui design. Look so clean.
looks ugly honestly
I would rather buying R3 instead of Tesla Model 3, but release dates are too far ahead. I wish Rivian does not go to bankruptcy until they release these 2 models
Market Cap $12b, loses $6b. Retailers are fomo in this stock
he looks like sober steve-0
I didn't know Clark Kent was the CEO of Rivian 😂
It's great to see Steve-O move on with his career and join Rivian.  Never thought I'd see the MKBHD and Steve-O collab, but I'm here for it.
We need the r3 now....not 3 years time
the R3 looks like a reimagining of the first gen VW Golf - the best looking hatchback ever made
andrews gonna be so hyped for the r3x
I feel like that charger would get really dirty being behind that wheel like that
Why did Rivian choose to put the NACS port on the passenger side rear? If you want to make it work with Tesla Superchargers, Driver rear or Passenger front are the ideal locations to help reduce wasting Supercharger resources and taking up 2 charger spots for just one vehicle, at Tesla V3 chargers. V4 has a longer cable and works for both sides, so not as big of a deal, but front passenger port would have been nice to help when towing and supercharger compatibility.
Companies need to stop making these cars with these weird steering wheel controls, we dont want this. Cars ugly as well
R3 is electric Yugo.
Why put the charge port anywhere other than rear left to make existing  Tesla chargers easier to use!!!
RJ is rad! So are these new cars!  Well done!
Why the F put the charging port in the rear?
I just hope the 2 motor version .. i.e. 2- drive unit version will be called R2D2
Had the same folding seats on my 2000 Honda CRV, cool feature when I was camping a lot
did you ask why the nacs port for R2 and R3 are right back? while tesla standardizes on back left? i guess they're really thinking tesla will update all supergchargers with 10ft+ charging cables
R2 the Land Rover discovery circuit breaker, but bad move rivian put a rear wiper and wash on the back before production, and put apple car play, android auto on
"amazing scrolling experience"    Come on. Aren't we past that kind of marketing speak?
Watch out! You might accidentally scroll the steering wheel dials when you're turning the wheel. Also Fisker already has the operable back window and California Mode.
Steeeeeeeeeevooooooo😂
Take a shot every time Steve-O says "Yup" 😂😂
Im excited!!
Are we not going to commend that this might have the best 2nd row leg room ever made for an SUV?
Rivian, made by Steve O.
2 new models and hemorrhaging money. Rivian is just asking to be bankruptcy acquired…
Wow, love my R1T - and so does everyone else in my family - I’ll need to start planning for an R2 and R3 so I they take those instead!
I ain't ever seen anyone look so much like steve-o than steve-o himself.
Nice.. took the drop glass from the Fisker..
He looks like Hispanic Steve-O
I really hope they improve the Audio system! Needs more punch.
Dude looks like Steve-o. Doesn't sound like them though unfortunately.
Why do these new electric car companies not have android auto or apple carplay, it work so much better than anything built in or developed
I love the R3 enormous back light, it's iconic
So cool that Steve-O got a job with Rivian.
Rivian is basicly Range rover but 2 times better.
So the R2 will only be an SUV? There wont be a small pickup R2T?
That R3 is one beautiful hatch/X
RJ is a very involved CEO, when i worked at the factory in illinois he was right there with us at EOL , great guy
I wonder how many interest free loans people gave Rivian today. 2 year wait is nuts.
So apparently Tay Zonday is the CEO of Rivian, neat.
What camera do you use? Is it iPhone 3Gs?
The R3X looks like an American Ioniq 5N competitor. I like it.
Looks like a well designed Rivian for reasonable price.
Rivian R3 looks sick, gives me old Volkswagen Golf vibes.
Putting the charge door on the right rear pisses me off so much... It pretty much ensures that no matter what you're going to have to take up an extra spot at superchargers. Just standardize it, and put them all on the left rear, or put them in the middle of the car front or rear so it doesn't matter what side the charger is on... idk I feel like this has already been brought up many times and companies are still doing this?
They made a hot hatch!!
The dual wheels on the steering wheel remind me more of Surface headphones than PS5 controller (I think the only real comparison there is haptics).
ummm, we need a 2 door R2T
I reserved mine
A CO-WORKER IS LEASING ONE - I checked it out.  I wasn't impressed with what you got for the high price.
I trust this guy
Fun to see a R3 and a R3X surprise!!
This is Steve-O and now we'll stunt with new R2...!! Welcome to Jackass
Come on, at least put the port on the rear left
Rivian is the next Tesla in more capable way
R3 looks sick
I wonder if they addressed the phone being the key annoyance . I remember it having an annoying issue of unlocking/locking
I swear, that design just scares the creeps out of me
Very neat, but realistically if companies are going to adopt NACS (J3400) there really needs to be a standardization around port location.    It should be front right or rear left. That way drivers will either pull in forwards or back-in depending on manufacturer location. (long term it would also be neat to see some EV's feature a port on both sides)    Having it at the rear-passenger side just doesn't make sense and will add to the chaos at many existing Tesla Supercharging stations.
"and it'll work really well" here for the auto-tech world beef 😅
He seems so proud of his vehicles, Rivian as a Tesla fan I'm really rooting for you.
Is the R3 a Model 3 competitor? Price???
First time I'm seeing Driver seats going down.
I want that R3
Tesla: please place your charge ports rear left or front right for ease of supercharger use Rivian: naaaah
R3X is an XL Citi Golf
I am totally pulling for Rivian to be successful.   Great stuff!   I need a bigger garage.
R3 Reminds me of skoda
Is he a Steve-O variant from the non Jack Ass Universe. What could have been .
you have steady hands!
3:30 Shouldn't the charge port be on the left side?
looks nice, would love one, but man 2026 is too far out, but need a new car
R3 is really clever, that will be my gift to my son for him to go to university with. really smaller starter EV car. If they get that price to say $35k it will sell like hot bread.
too chheap
Video be kinda looken…. Not great
Great EV, but why did they not make the seven seater option??
R3 Rear gate not powered?
How hard was it to not call it the Tesla port? 😅
If Steve-O didnt do coke
The rear liftgate isn't even aligned correctly
As someone who regularly throws bikes in my car, I'd love an interior dimension between the upright front seats and closed hatch, as well as the vertical distance between the roof glass and folded rear seats! Any intel on that?!
Steve O's brother?
Charge port is on the wrong side.  It’ll still take up 2 spots at a SC
I hope Rivian gets a cash infusion to keep producing vehicles. Financials aren’t looking great but they have amazing vehicles. This is the only other car manufacturer I would purchase besides Tesla. Rivian with future ability to get FSD would be legitttttt
Lifelong gearhead, mechanic, car enthusiast... R3X is the first EV that's ever gotten me genuinely excited. Looks fantastic.
Why rear right side?  Just to piss off Tesla owners at supercharger?
I want Rivian to succeed. Nice to see some simplification to reduce the price. Seriously, we need a company to build real base model cars again. Too many unused or unnecessary options - especially in EVs. Everyone just needs to calm the F down and focus on price, practicality and reliability.
Love what I see - Don't love what I have in the bank
r3 gives me ioniq 5 vibes, goes to show that korea really is getting ahead of the competition in terms of design
I’m rooting for Rivian to be profitable. Made my R2 reservation this am.
the back of R3  is just an electrique LADA . dont try to convince me otherwise !!
Great now put the steering wheel on the correct side a ship to Aotearoa.
It's crazy that u got family man Steve-O on the channel
I'm ready to put a deposit for the R2S. I like what i see.
Will the left side windows close properly or it's like my 2022 Model S base where i have to close them an inch at a time?  First time I've heard him speak, boy is he the anti-Elon
That R3 had better be under $30K; otherwise, why would I buy that instead of a much cheaper and proven hybrid Corolla?
The difference between Rivian and Fisker: one embraces Marques and the other has an Engineer that bashes him.
Wrong Charge Port Location!!!
thanks for adding metric units
R2>Fisker. IYKYK
Why the heck is the NACS not on the back left?? 🤦🏼‍♂️
If they were going to move the charge port anyway why not front right or back left? Especially if they are adopting NACS. Back right makes no sense.
Very interesting to see the different concept of "smaller vehicle" in the USA 😅
Steve-O?
Wow those steering wheel controllers! Very slick. Be interested to see how people adapt to them over time. Will prolly be a bit distracting at first until you get in the groove.
I like the scroll wheels but would be concerned about accidently changing them while steering. Super stoked for the R3.
R3X looks so so so good ! That's one car I'm really pumped about ! I just hope it will be available in EU as well...
I’m sure he’s heard this but RJ looks like Steve-o
Awesome vid marques! Love these new cars. Watch out for those finger smudges on the iPhone lenses..
they should definitley make a r3t
Hmm.. no R2 pickup truck?
I'm not in the income bracket to justify an electric vehicle of $45K but here's hoping this generates enough excitement along with announcing that they will produce R2 in their Normal, IL plant instead to give the company a future
The R3 looks great.
iphone bent lens flares make video look cheap
The R3 was clearly inspired by the lada niva
They really showed a car with the wood cracked on the streering wheel? lool
Am I the only one who thinks that R3 rear end looks like Lada Niva? 😅
RJ looks terrified after what Marques did to Fisker 🤣
Ordered the R2 as soon as RJ said we could. Just like when Elon announced the 3.  Can't wait!
That R3X looks like a GTI on steroids. I'm in love.
the base trim is dope definitely would
What kind if mic are they using? Some kind og Bluetooth mic for iPhone?
Why did they put the plug on the right side?  It's still going to take up 2 SuperCharger spaces?
That R3x is def on the shortlist. Really wish they make is sooner than 2026!
They made all the right choices with the R2..  A very thoughtful design.  Will definitely be on my consideration list once it's in production.
Does R3 reminds anyone of Yugo? 😂
The CEO reminds me of Steve-O if he made better decisions
That charging port looks like it was cut out with a Dremel
That's really dope
If they make the truck in R3 size I'd be severely interested
The R3 and R3X will be getting a very serious look from me for sure
That R3 gives me VW Golf MkII vibes, in the best way. The R3X is super interesting.
This guy looks like if Steve-O never did drugs/jackass and went to college
Can't wait to throw a kayak in there
For R3, how will the taillights work? tail lights have to be on a non-movable part of the car (so not the back liftgate) in the US, i believe.
The biggest deal about this product is the NACS port. The second Biggest deal about this product is they put the NACS port on the wrong side of the vehicle. 🤦🏻‍♂️ Are they TRYING to make this difficult to charge at tesla locations? (Tesla driver here, want to share the supercharger love).
is this Steve-O?
I feel like all EV makers are on red alert after the Fisker video. Marques was NOT about to experience those vehicles without the CEO of the company personally walking him through it. 😂
NGL the R3 is sweet🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯
Love mentioning Andrew being excited about the R2 - i suspect lots of discussion on Waveform!
Steve-o anyone?
Reserved my R2!
Sad they got rid of the snowboard compartment, I kinda feel like rivian is cooked 😢
they need to take the Tesla route and drop pricing on their existing model.
that R3 is so cool. Love the styling
I do like the way Rivians look, though they're all waaay outside my price range especially imported to my country. But I really wish they'd do something other than SUV/pickups, gimme a wagon - even a jacked up one like an Outback or Allroad - or even better a sedan. Actually, gimme a 2 door, 4 seat coupe 'cause basically nobody makes those anymore
My only question. Will there be a "D2" trim for the R2?
The R3 is so cute! Something about the aesthetic just appeals to me, its like a more capable and rugged honda E. The R2 is probably the better utilitarian for people without children or who need an fton of storage, overall really excited for rivian, me likey
RJ sure is a ball of fire 😂
Rivian to me is what Tesla should be......
That dude likes like a healthy version of steve-o from jackass
RJ, Steve-O’s well adjusted older brother.
why does Scaringe look like Steve-O without the drugs 💀
I really hoper Rivian calls the dual battery spec as the R2-D2....
As a non US person, I really want to Rivian go worldwide.
Why no same side as Tesla car to ease the charging?
Charging port in the same place is such a mistake.
Auto reviewers make note. THIS is a "fold flat back seat". Flat, not angled.
2026
Your camera has astigmatism
When are Rivian going to venture to overseas markets?
Looks like it will be more likely to accidentally hit those scroll wheels on the wheel and jack up the radio volume by 20 points when trying to make a turn
Time to save for the R3X that’s my goal now.
It hurts being laid off a few weeks ago and then this happens... Hey its business
14:05 wont be cheaper then 40k, till, Elon does what noone dares, create one for 20k:) and move the market again
That R3 reminds me of the car you start with as a nomad in cyberpunk 2077. It looks sick!
I can’t wait for the R3! I love it
Fantastic car! Waiting to get it in Europe!
R3 kinda looks like ioniq 5. I like it
CEO of Rivian is so nice and humble...compared to tSla guys it's a nice change...I almost would like to buy an electric car :)
The NACS port should be moved to the driver side for final production.  This would make it more compatible with existing Tesla Superchargers and more convenient to the driver.
Share more on charging please... Biggest issue with current Rivians are charging speed/thermals. Front seats ventilated?
I think these proportions actually fit their design better
Very interested to learn more about the R3X
Thanks for the more "casual" look at the new Rivians! I put my reservation in for an R2 today. We'll see how it compares to my daughter's Tesla M3 (2018...she was fairly early in there). Been watching your channel for a couple months, so decided yep, time to subscribe! Keep up the awesome reviews!
Stevos much more responsible brother is so nice to have shown you this car
R2 D2 meet R3pio
RJ should have invited Elon Musk for R2 reveal
It was super cool of Steve-O to give you a Rivian tour, hope to see more collabs in the future.
I think it was a big miss to consider NACS but not consider that rear left would make much more sense for superchargers. This will have the same problem as other non Teslas in terms of taking up the wrong charger space
9:37 "Im gonna talk to bigbossman real quic- ohshit, he busy...I'll pretend I just wanted to grab a seat, stretch my neck, rest a little... okay playpretendoperation success, I'm out"
pretty awesome suv. just got plug-in hybrid, and think when this releases will be perfect time to jump into full electric with the infrastructure and battery tech advancing, alleviating some range anxiety.
It's kind of weird that the NACS port is in the rear passenger side instead of rear driver side of the vehicle
The r3x makes me think of an old golf gti from the side profile, should be a riot
Great job on the video Marques! Thanks for making it. They both look great. That fold-flat camping feature is fantastic thinking on Rivian's part. They could make a Rally version of the R3 by deleting back seats entirely and using that space for battery storage...
The R3 is sick. Looks similar to an older VW Golf body
NACS connector on the WRONG side again! Dam Steve-O
The R3 looks like an old Rabbit
Now I can't unsee REX.
It looks great
Rivian guy looks like Alternate Universe Steve-O.
The r3 is the move wow 😍
Why the charge port on right rear bumper? Better if Rivian could match Tesla placement.
Until manufacturers cut prices to below 30k there will not be mass adoption.
Offering a low margin car before achieving profitability with your orginal is insanity. Unfortunately Rivian will be bankrupt before this car hits the street. On top of all of that Rivian have just osborned themselves out of business.
If someone got me any EV tomorrow I would sell it the day after. Dumb early-adopter tech. I'll get one in 5 or 10 years.
no way they'll survive the environment in 2026, they'll be bankrupt or close to it and nobody will want to touch one
The r3x looks awesome, I don't know why it looks familiar.
Do you think it's a bad idea to reveal a product like this TWO FULL YEARS before it will actually be delivered?
I want an R3
RJ seems like such a chill guy, same thing I though last time he was in the other Auto Focus video, really approchable
I didn't know Steve-O made cars 😂
The R2 is amazing but that R3 is hideous
Charge port on the wrong side? C'mon. Another car that sucks up two spots at the supercharger.
Fisker getting a heart attack now lol
Rivian learned something from Honda’s small EV sold in Europe   As well as the demand for small CUVs here and blended the two. Interesting but let’s first see the stuff actually made and shipped without the issues associated with rushed out products.
They should make a dump truck with two motors and call it the R2D2
Coming 2026???    Anyone else tired of how long it takes from introduction to availability on these EVs?
Rivian saw the fisker review and decided to send the ceo to explain himself to marques 😂
My 1965 rambler ambassador was one of the first fold down bench seats creating a large sleep area .
The R3 looks really interesting
Steve-O is looking well now he's clean 😅
I'll be honest, I don't like EVs because they all look and feel the same, but I love Rivian. And the R3 just wiped a big smile on my face :D  Step aside Tesla!!
Beautiful sss
Will there be an Astromech edition?
They're switching to NACs. Why on Earth would they put the charge port on the back right vs the back left! or front right? Is this a form of protest against Tesla?  Makes no sense whatsoever. Even Ford's Jim Farley said they are considering moving their charge port to the front right.
The recording/video quality on this looks horrible. Beautoguo vehicle, though
Still needs analog controls for the AC
Obviously a long road ahead, but huge congrats to the Rivian team!! Looks like a refined and lovely car
the R3 was not the "one more thing" i was expecting; i thought they were going to show a pickup version of the R2.
I really like the R3, size, interior and exterior design are just perfect.
Love it!!!
When did Steve - o start working for Rivian?
Kinda understand why he’s the CEO now. He’s charismatic in a smart understated way.
R3 has my attention. I wish to know more.
Oh the fight to get the D2 license plate is going to be epic.
rj looks like a steve o from an alternative universe where he studied auto engineering instead of clown college
It's not a Rivian event without Marques
Throttle House might enjoy this for work use.
Um, looks like the NACS port is on the wrong side Should be on drivers side behind rear wheel
R2 coming in 2 years, R3 even later...
He should have asked him if these vehicles will be towing capable
R3X looks like perry the platypus
Air suspension?
R3 looks like an off road version of the Honda E
Praying my stock bounces!!!!!
Beautiful car
I think I'm holding out for the R3X. Looks like a crazy hot hatch rally car in the best way.
I dont get why auto makers keep making crazy performance versions of all these vehicles, i wonder if thats a trend that will continue with ev’s or if its just while they compete with ICE.
RJ looks like the love child of Johnny Knoxville and Steve-O
The R3X back design strikes me as something that will become a sought-after style. Really interesting blend of vintage and modern design elements. Like how the makers of Back to the Future 2 would have an old VW Golf look in hovercar times.
R3 and R3X are the WAY to go, what an absolute beautiful design
A step in the right direction for sure for Rivian. At 90K the R1 turned away a lot of people.
the trucks/suvs are insane.. but after seeing MANY videos about the charging.. mmh sticking to my petrol one
I really like the R3 styling. I hope it gets launched over here. Still no R1T/S. Probably not coming. But heres hoping R2 and R3 gets launched!
The seats all fold flat for "camping".  Yes. Drop an airbed on there and go "camping". Just camping. Nothing else. Definitely nothing else.
This is a Fisker disstrack 😂
That R3X gives Delta Integrale vibes, love it
I wonder which other creator/media got the early access before the public reveal today? 🤔
Steevo is the CEO of Rivian now ?
Charging it is still a problem all over. No new nuclear plants with new infrastructure, charging ports 200 kw all over parking lots.
R3 performance gives rally vibes … I love how it looks so much
This guy is a sellout. There’s a lot of things he would’ve said he hated about other cars that he made excuses for in this Rivian.
Hello....Charge Port is STILL on the WRONG SIDE to use the current charge infrastructure (Aka...Mostly TESLA).  Ugh!  This is amazing that they did not follow what Tesla has for charging locations. (Port side wise.)
wow some really nice stuff. Best EV roll out that I've seen. So much for "new  EV car companies not being able to compete w/ Tesla".
where is D2?
Love how they've designed the haptics on the scroll wheel, so cool
why didn’t he ask him about the reason behind the location of the charge port?
Why not place the charge plug on the rear left like all Teslas?
so why is nobody dropping below $45k, that is a ridiculous starting price point. I would hope to see tesla dropping below that price by 2026 so all these other brands would only be able to follow suit
Why are they two type of charging system? Is it like a DC vs AC scenario?  Direct Current vs  Alternating Current
R3???? Sign me up. 🥵
I would had thought that these guys would name the smaller one R2 (pun intended) D2.... would have loved that name😅😅😅
Wow, i'm so glad for Steve-O
RJ feels like a kid showing off his new toys with the way he’s moving around 😂
Wait they put the NACS charger on back right? Why do that vs left to work best with Superchargers? Come on man. Better than that before production.
45k for a mid-size SUV is still crazy.
Looks great! I think at this point Rivian is my favorite new car brand. Would definetly consider them for my next car.
The R3 kinda reminds me of the 2022 Honda E Advance 😅
RJ sounds so much like Elon Musk, gave Elizabeth Holmes vibes.
I do wish Marques would ask RJ about all of the labor concerns surrounding Rivian's Normal, IL plant. Instead of just acting as a mouthpiece for the company when they have a new product launch...
Yeah , stocks plunged 90% I’m out
R3X looks pretty dope in that color scheme
Rivian is Volvo 2
Yo is that Steve O
That R3 unveil was crazy! No one was expecting that today! I'm not worried about this company sticking around at all. In fact I'm holding my shares, buying more shares, and just put a reservation down for the R2. $45,000 - $7500 tax credit = $37,500!!!
Oh my God, R3! Holy hell
Is this Steve-O?
This over the model Y any day!
R3🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Great first impression. I can’t say that I’m sold yet.
I need a R2D2 version
I wonder why they didn’t put the NACS port on the driver side (similar to tesla), it would have made charging at supercharger stations easier.
The R3 really looks like an old style Renault car being Cyberpunked styled haha
Rivian looks like they can be the legit Tesla competitor we’ve always wanted. God I hope they make it long term these things look amazing
This is soo much better than the Cyberfuck
Sick!
2 legends i love it
Wow, just wow!! That's all I got to say.
Dude clean your phone lens, the light smearing is terrible.
Btw i love Steve O really into cars .
Human scale for reference is critical
RJ looks like a combination of Steve-O and Sheen from Jimmy Neutron.
And of course Marques gets first dibs to expose to the younglings....typical.
I just want to afford a car lmao
not enough room for 3rd person in the backseat
R1W or R2W... when are we getting a wagon?
whatever camera you are recording these on , please stop, video quality is appauling
2:42 that look of disappointment.  I still want this company to succeed because I legitimately like their style of trucks and suvs
This is awesome! Also Rivian CEO is very good at articulating his words. I just put my reservation in and can’t wait to get it!
Wow. R2 looks amazing.
Dude! 🤯🎤💪
Waiting for the R6 so I can have a garage full of vehicles named R-Number. R1, R6, R3. Come on Rivian
Steve-O!!!
I didn't know StevO was the rivian CEO
R3 is looking real good
Love this one, definitely my next car in 10 years
I totally thought that was Johnny Knoxville for a sec
More fancy gimmicks that’ll break
Lol MK on it as usual!!
next time, use a phone that doesn't has so much lens flare when recording video.
When will the wireless chargers in the R1 get fixed?
Fireeeee
This might make me want to buy a Rivian now.. I was thinking of waiting on Model Y refresh, my question is entertainment function though.
What mics are you using?
Is there any way that those vehicles will be sold in other parts of the world? I love the R3!
RJ looks like if Steve-o from Jackass had made different life choices... LMAO
The lens flare of the 15 pro is still there too
Interesting, so the 45k is RWD small battery. Then there is RWD bigger battery, then AWD. So it might get a little expensive quickly
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Getting a weird Jeff Goldblum, James Marsden vibe from this dude……Steve-O too 😂
Wow that r3 looks dope, it looks so minimal and unique. I wish it also gets released in India.
I feel RJ gave this review before the launch. Because he is not wearing his new shirt.
R3X, my fav ❤
It looks squished like a tortilla
Steve-O really cleaned himself up!
Does Clark Kent now work for Rivian?
The quality of the footage in this video is so terrible, what phone were you using Marquess?  Edit: just noticed you mention it in the description, that’s shocking (coming from a 14p owner) - was the lens smudged/dirty?
Steve-O killin it
Would of liked to see a boxy R3 as an even smaller version of the R2.
Stevo-O lookin mf
Bro how you be using the new cars 2 weeks ago. Also loved the reveal today
I've liked the way the R1T/R1S looked, R2 continues that, but for some reason (maybe the awful green color) R3 looks generic and ugly.
We really need Rivian in the UK
I'm reserving one but I think they should change the charge port to the driver side rear so it's like Tesla...unless Tesla intend to length the charging cables.
Spread love!
Love the NACS connector.  But, wouldn't it be more useful (for Tesla Superchargers) for it to be on the driver's side?
That front-folding thing is epic.
The glare/light thing is unbearable 😭
The rear windows "powering out, very cool"  Juste like every minivan on the road 😂
you can tell he wanted this vid out ASAP
Look at Marques getting a personal empty room interview. Big shot.  Ordered mine immediately
r3 looks like a ionic 5 but suburu-ified
3:28 - If they were going to move the charge port, why, oh why didn't they put it on the left rear so they would fit in with the vast majority of the Tesla stall configurations!!??
If R2 less then 30,000 with tax credits the gona flying off shelves.
It's great that Rivian changed to the NACS charge port, but why didn't change it to the back left side to accommodate for more seamless Tesla supercharger integration?
The R3 is exactly what I have been waiting for from Rivian. Ordering one as soon as they open up orders.
The dirty lense 😢
This is the first vehicle that truly think can compete with the Model Y in America.
Rivian really has to move the charge port to the left site.
Love Rj and his team, keep it up guys. reserved today, can wait for my R1S delivery next week.  Ty Marques, nice video as usual.
i farted into rivian
I never reserved anything so fast, the R2 looks amazing!!! R3 also!
NACS, but they put it on the wrong side?! So now all superchargers will be filled with vehicles not meant for passenger side charging. Why?...
That software is sick
Looks very comfortable. Definitely prioritizing comfort over efficient range, I don't mind that for Rivian, but I do imagine many of their buyers are road-tripers. Hopefully, ~300 miles is enough to appease them. It is definitely enough for the majority of people.
LOVE the R3
Like the look
MKBHD is the GOAT!
So awesome that you were able to get personal time with RJ and the R2 straight up after the event .. Thanks Marques!
Great stuff
The CEO staring at him while he talks is hilarious
Horrible panel alignment
RJ, i loved you in Modern Family!
Every time I see RJ , I think of Steve O
Wow R2 really looks like a miniature R1S. The steering wheel controls look awesome and the fold flat front seats are genius. Also that R3X is giving rally hatchback vibes, I dig it.
Yikes. That iPhone footage was rough.... It really hated that lighting didn't it?
Hell yah, love the early preview
Love the Hot EV Hatch
Hopefully they’ll deliver the R2 on time and at the price they estimated.
Has anyone ever seen RJ and Steve-O in the same room together?
Yoo nooo way now we can use the tesla charger 😱😱
am i the only person that thinks the CEO kinda looks like Steve-O
RJ looks like Steve-O from jackass with a regular voice
thats the most ugliest looking car ive ever seen
Hopefully, their batteries can handle cold temperatures well. Remember what happened with Tesla batteries during the Chicago winter? Considering that most of their demographic purchasing this car will likely encounter harsh winters, durability in cold climates is essential for this suv.
Good to see Steve-O doing so well in his switch to the car industry
What lapel mics are being used alongside the iPhone to film this?
The amount of lens flare in this video drives me crazy.
I really like marques because he can make every video good just by being him. with an iphone and some mics he will do wonders
RJ looks kinda like Stevo
i mean this in the least offensive way possible, but the CEO looks like a LL Bean manager.
45. To expensive.
Steve O is looking really well these days isn't he!
when is D2 ?   ill get me coat !
R3X looks like a 1990s Fiat Panda 4x4
This looks ugly AF
This guy looks like a smart steveo
RJ looks like if Steve-O never did drugs and started an electric vehicle company
Need this car to be available in my country
2:45 damn, Marques got Steve-O to present the car
STEVE O?
am i wrong in saying that the r2's back looks way better than the r1s?? like i love the r2 but HATE HATE HATE the r1s back... thoughts?
nice video MK!
🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸
RJ looks like if Stevo went to private school 😂
I love it.
They should have just done the R3 , R2 is so similar. Maybe they will stop making the R1S is my bet since R2 will eat into those sales.
First time hearing this model ?? Will they bring it to more countries?
The range is still kinda laughable, the storage also looks tiny
Looks really compact. Love it
Thought you were with Steve-O for a sec 😭😭
Damn iphone 15 really not handling those lights well
So sick.  Great job Rivian.  A bit misleading on the range claim, just don't do stuff like that please.  Respect is easily lost and hard to gain.
LOL, dude looks like SteveO!
Amazing Electric car.... Marquees, c'mon, leave that Porsche and come back to electric again!
Fisker could never
M the 6th person to comment
loving these new models! especially the R3X
R3 simply heart taking car ❤
“Hey guys Rivian announced the R2 today and I’ve been using it for about 2 weeks now”
Whoever was in charge of cleaning the camera lenses needs to be let go. Come on guys.
Was the 43th person to watch this
Hopefully this can help Rivian be less reliant on Amazon. They really need a win here
Vroom
WAIT R3 WHAT
With which phone did you film this
first
looking great!
Reservation: ✅
R3X is lookin like a real good EV6 GT slayer 👀
