come back next week for *I spent a day with EX-C.I.A. AGENTS* -new episode of this series every week so consider 🔴subscribing. —ps: shoutout to everyone who has turned on notifications 🔔 and directly support me in continuing this series.
this is really helpful for me because I have a friend with schizophrenia and I like to understand the people who are dear to me.
I don’t have schizophrenia, but I do have acute panic disorder. In a way, I feel this. Like your life being a nightmare before you get diagnosed and start meds? That part really resonates with me.
Don't have Schizophrenia, but I do have auditory hallucinations. Especially on the days I'm tired. It mostly happens when I'm about to fall asleep. Nothing too creepy.   But one time, there was like decorative chime in my room, and I heard it fall which woke me up. When I looked at it, it was still hanging. Weirdest thing is, I never heard it fall for real, so how did my brain even know what sort of sound it would make when it fell? I didn't think too much of it at that time because hearing things was pretty common during that period. I've heard my name being said, the door handle being turned, horns of vehicles, screaming or just someone talking. Those were most common.
Personal story;   My aunt has schizophrenia to quite a severe degree. She once tried to stab me (this was before she had been diagnosed so she was fully unmedicated and deep in psychosis) she had been convinced that the devil was coming to steal my soul and the only way to save me was to send my soul to god.
I do have schizophrenia
I've had this since I was 15 and am now 40. I've pretty much been hiding away since that day, every time I go outside I get the worst symptoms and it doesn't seem to desensitize. I feel like such a terrible person and nobody really knows except my brother who helps me.
I also thought I was possessed.
How to organize someone with skitzophrenia
How do you meet a significant other
How do your parents 🤔  handle this
12:15 Haha, I feel like maybe he could just play it off as a friendly gesture, like "Hey, nice to see you!"
8:00 Damn, that would be terrifying, imagine being arachnophobic and hallucinating spiders everywhere!
6:25 this is just another reason why I'm against organized religion, we should be teaching people about mental health, not "possession"
I clicked on a video with Laufey calling Renee rap and looking at the comments I was so confused
Really good interviews!
3:56 the boogy man😂
0:44 that's very risky and dangerous
I think schizophrenic people should never ever hide their illness, its although a dangerous illness.
My sisters dog actually helps with hallucinations alot. If her dog doesnt react she knows its not real.
I have childhood onset schizophrenia, i was trying to find content with it but i can only find 1 video from years ago about it. Even (excuse me for not knowing the term) regular schizophrenia content is kinda hard to find. I do art with my experiences and im starting to have luck on social media, i really wanna be able to do that kind of content so if someone else has it they have something to not feel so alone
this illness is so misunderstood by people, im happy that these people shared their experience!
I live with it Its hard sometimes like hearing kids laughing outside my window at night or people yelling and screaming at each other, other times it is minecraft music playing in the next room or seeing people watching me from the corners of the room they never speak just watch
I’m going to make a suggestion if you are using drugs and end getting psych evaluation please please please tell the doctor a lot of people have been diagnosed as schizophrenic who weren’t. I’m not discrediting anyone but I worked in substance abuse and a lot of them were not schizophrenic they were just high.
I party grew up with one
I had a friend in high school who, as they would say, “really got the short end of the stick”. They had schizophrenia and Tourette’s that often fed on each other. They would often hallucinate an older man who would just stand or sit in the corner of the room and randomly scream at the most inopportune times. Whenever they saw him, their Tourette’s would cause them to start cursing at him and they would end up having a bad tic attack. Luckily through lots of therapy and medication, they were able to keep the hallucinations to a minimum, but their Tourette’s was always there. They usually just whistled and cleared their throat a lot. One day while we were hanging out they saw the old man and started cursing at him. I asked their dad what was the best way to help them and he said “you can try also yelling at the old man to go away, and if that doesn’t work, just hold their hand and keep telling them that you’re real.” So that’s what I did. We found that I was really good at getting the old man to leave if I shouted “hey d****head! Get out!” Whenever that didn’t work, I’d do just what their dad had told me to do, and I’d sit there and hold their hand and keep reminding them that I’m real. Unfortunately, that friend and I didn’t stay in contact because of a big case of “he said/she said,” but I hope they’re doing good in their life.
Schizophrenia is so annoying and I’m speaking from experience 😭😭😭😭
I'm schizophrenic, and I understand that hallucinations and delusions are a big part of the disorder, but to be honest I dont have delusions and barely have hallucinations, but I have paranoia a lot of other symptoms and I just feel like I don't get represented a lot in the media, like when people talk about schizophrenia they always talk about those two symptoms, but you can be schizophrenic and don't really experience those, i was diagnosed with the disorder by several psychiatrist, but because of this I sometimes think "maybe I don't have it" Still thanks for making this video, and thanks for people who was featured in it, its really important to talk more about schizophrenia, a lot of people really unfamiliar with this disorder
Thank u for this ep i live with psychosis i hear and feel in danger most of the time a fear so real it inmovilize me and makes me fear for my life it so horrible thank god for antipsychotic meds
My friend K Hayes had it. She OD. And I cried so much. 😢 .  She was really special ❤. My message is: don't ever reject them!
I was recently diagnosed with Paranoia schizophrenia back in November of 2024
I hope every schizophrenic person gets help it seems harddd 😢😢😢😢
Schizophrenia is a scam, it's aliens attacking people with tilapathic weapons.
I worked with schizophrenics and these 2 individuals you're interviewing are almost too lucid .
Why does a guy in headphones appear at 11:05?
mm Anthony sometimes when i am laying down in my bed and lets say maybe i am trying to take a nap, i hear so clearly voices in my ear saying things. my body gets paralyzed and sometimes i feel like i can not breathe. it feels like i am holding my breath until the very last second i can hold it in. Ive seen things as well i know are not there but the voices… it is like they are right there. idk wht it is… and every time i wake up and try to go back to sleep it is the same thing. i try not to fall asleep unless i am very tired… then it doesn’t really happen
I've taken a lot of psychedelics in my life, but I had a trip on some kind of drug once that I don't remember what it was, but it showed me just how vivid hallucinations can be. I was home alone and at one point my mom came in and we had a full conversation before she vanished like a wisp of smoke right in front of me. Some of the things I saw (lots of bugs) I know weren't real, but they were as clear as day. I talked to people that weren't there, experienced things that didn't happen and kept seeing weird, impossible looking animals all over my house. It would have been impossible to try to handle anything functional. Sometimes I wonder how close that experience was to a psychotic break.
I have all of those symptoms but I don’t think I have schizophrenia. My mom has it but I don’t think it’s genetics. I don’t think bipolar genetics either.
Schizophranea ‼‼🗣🗣
I was around 23 when I first started showing signs. It was terrifying. Other people don’t understand that although they are afraid you are more afraid than they are. I’m 36 now and it’s been a living hell. I learned how much my wife,  family and friends really loved me when I needed them the most. I live alone now, it hurts because it’s not my fault but they don’t believe that. It sucks not being able to trust your own thoughts.
I'm wondering about hallucinations about real looking things like Hollywood all gray black white actor that flash or are just to real to touch
I’m 13 can someone please tell me if I have schizophrenia so this all started around last year so when I’m in my room I see smoke and tall shadow people and sometimes I just see random flashes of light and I hear ringing and squeaking that nobody else can hear 😭
There was 3 people but he took one out why did he cause at 6:49 you see another guy
To be honest, i really love this video. I have been looking into seeing what it is like as a diagnosed schizophrenic person. Since I have hallucinationed things like, black shadow figures, faces staring at me or somewhere else(both unrealistic and realistic), cop sirens, full body people who seem uncanny or unrealistic. Creepy dolls, and animals. I have dealt with this since the early start of 2023, around February. That has lead me too paranoia and constantly thinking someone is watching me or there is something behind a cabniet or door coming to k1ll me. I have constantly checked cabniets thinking someone is there, no matter dead or alive. I had a creepy clown dolls phase when I would be hallucinating dolls. I am afraid that I may be schizophrenic and i usually try to avoid the idea of having schizophrenia. It usually happens when i am stressed, worried, or paranoid. Though it isnt uncommon for it to be out of nowhere.
where is the bladck guy lol
Thank you, I think people sharing about their living experience of mental health issues do a lot to overcome stigma.  My Mum has schizophrenia, and she is the sweetest and kindest woman. I just started a channel about living experience of mental health.
i understand how they feel i have adhd autsim and schizophernia im only 13 and i sometimes feel scared when i see a random lady or man in my room
11:15 What an amazing and handy way to tell the difference between illusion and reality
Not a big fan of these. Hearing the static as she discusses it being a part of her issue ... triggering for sure...like wtf... editing that into the video is a no no
Who’s the dude at 11:05?
Don't do drugs, kids..
NAHHHHH You can't drop a schizophrenia simulation without a warning 😭
My favorite part about having schizophrenia is the fact that i prefer third shift
I take schizophrenia medication I was diagnosed I was in my junior year of high school. they're still are some audible hallucinations and visual but it's much less than it was when I wasn't on my meds.
As a person who is still undiagnosed but going through the process of therapy to get a diagnosis, i have to say this really made me feel seen❤
Yeah I believe these people really believe they are schizophrenic. They’ve been brainwashed by psycharity. These people are a poor representation of this syndrome.
Your thumbnail seems very disrespectful :/
19:33 please tell me you guys see the brown dude too...
its so sad that u have to run away feeling embarassed for touching someone to see if they real...
I have a friend (Also my crush) that has schizophrenia and there name is Jazz but the thing is there 12 and just got diagnosed with it 2 weeks ago and I found out that people with it young usual don’t live past the age of 20 so I wanna know if there’s a way to help my friend with this?
Im magical, i can sing, cook, sew, crotchet, dance, okay instruments, but I'm living in a haunted house every day with something that i can't see sitting next to me, the paranoia is getting bad, the lonliness sucks, the voices such,the conversations suck and I'm thinking about drinking again to loosen myself up. I feel less than human at times❤f it. I still dance
Your haunted every single day... With something that sits next to you... Makes noise... Freaks me tf out. I feel posessed.😂❤
Was there a third guest who got cut out? And if so, why?
I'm noticing a lot of things, I'm gonna notice... I'm... i'm... nooooticing!!!
Ironically around 18:40 is when the guest was talking about DID and Schizophrenia it definitely a hard scenario my spouse deals with but we make it work its a matter of being supportive and there for every which way for them through care love and empathy ❤️
When it come with talking to someone with schizophrenia dont ask we’re the hallucinations is WATCH the eyes they will shift their gaze where the hallucinations are
Worse than schizophrenia is thought broadcasting like mine
These are fascinating stories! Thank you for sharing them, to eliminate the stigma regarding mental illnesses.  I was wondering how useful a camera would be to help distinguish reality from hallucinations.
I couldn't pay attention after he fell  into the chair from the roof 😆
The Background noise in your video is very unnerving. Why do you do that?
Mental health is real. I'm a member of the church of jesus christ of the latter-day saint. I keep the commandments of god. I go to the temple. However, i do have this mental illness, and it is hard for me on a daily basis to follow my goals and dreams because i can't sleep and the thoughts are very exhausting. But it helps when i listen to general conferences and church hymns that helps me calm down at night, and i keep doing my prayers and also my fasting. All those things help, but i still need a lot of treatments from professionals
These guys doesn’t look like they have schizophrenia. They are looking normal people
5 feet a part cuz we're not gay.
✅✅ Your short hair cut looks GREAT but your goofy stunt of dropping through the ceiling really undermines your credibility. C’mon Anthony, be professional. -Lorne Holman. Calgary Canada 🇨🇦
I have BPD and when under extreme emotional stress I have episodes of psychosis, think people/things/shadow people are chasing me, trying to kill or harm me. inanimate objects look like figures. I’ve also hallucinated the feeling of bugs on my skin. Also very confused thinking and paranoia, my thoughts race and when I speak it doesn’t make sense to those around me, but to me it makes perfect sense. Drs won’t give me antipsychotics because I don’t go through it regularly. Even then it’s super scary. I can’t imagine having schizophrenia and facing this all the time ❤️
I feel like so many horror movies were based off of schizophrenic stories
Gug
Hallucinating spiders is indicative of witchcraft being done to someone. You need to pray against it. This is spiritual warfare! There is a spiritual world and a natural world. Stop denying it because the Western world wants you to. She was possessed by demons. Go read Pigs in the Parlor! Demons want you to be afraid, but they have no power over you if you know Jesus as your personal Lord and Savior! They flee at the sound of His name. These people just need deliverance from demons through Jesus!
I’m not schizophrenic, but hallucinations are terrifying. It’s incredible that these people live with it
Wow. I’ve learned something new. I clicked on this video bc I was curious, and now I’m enlightened. That must be kind of challenging trying to figure out what’s there and what’s not
Why was there a man cut out of this video?
i have never been diagnosed with schizophrenia or anything. Plus i probably dont have it but before my medication i uses to hallucinate every night to the point i would be afraid to move or let any of my body out of my bed or rather my blanket to the parts below my head in fear of being killed by the shadow that used to loom over me while i slept. I also saw manu things in my hallway that would chase me to my room at night. They would never come into my room because i thought they were afraid of the shadow that would watch me sleep, i called him the hat man. I also saw a slenderman looking guy who would watch me in my living room but would never do anything but stand still. My hallucinations would change every night besides those two. I would always be so scared, and now i have insomnia. I used to hear things sometimes, too, lol. But now, and even back then, i still have nightmares every night. I also would only have these at night. I still live in fear at night of seeing things, but I've been getting better.
That sounds really hard having a disorder of any kind I have severe otisum and anxiety disorder and depression and severe adhd dyslalia  It makes me got emotional and have melt downs I zone out a lot and don't realize or understand what I'm doing simple things confuse me and And?  If someone even raises their voice like one a number or 2 numbers above. What's usually then it just starts me in a full bloan melt down. For exampleif I'm trying to read a book forever. Perfectly fine for me. It gets all jumbled and blurry and mixed up. You know, same for 5 to fill. Anything out umusually? I can fill stuff out online, but that's just because things have been redesigned with that in mind and like.  I can't remember things very well. And I hate when people use stuff like that, as like derogatory terms because like I have been like I used to be a treated horribly by just anyone on the street like they used to yell stuff like a retard at me and I feel like schizo is just the. Schizophrenic version of that.
Really interesting, great interviews
Who's the other guy we see at the end on the screen ? It didn't show up during the interview.
dont get why that other guy is there?
Hi Anthony. I was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder. Thank you for understanding,
I feel it is demonic
i know that im really late, but i was just curious is there was any way to comfort or help someone schizophrenic whos having a hallucination or if any intervention would just make it worse
It's better to not be around these people at all.
I only saw two people in this video? Was the black male removed from the video? It shows him in clips at the end but not in the video or in the transcript. Also, @8:40 when @anthonypadilla is supposed to say “at your fingertips” it looks like it’s been overdubbed with “at your finger tips”. ??  Anyone else notice this?
All I can say is wow. This is so real. Finally some inside information into what it's really like to have hallucinations with schizophrenia. I can relate 100%. I really hope to see more videos like this 👍 we need them.
The schizofrenik man looks most normal and relaxed off all three. In my eyes. I'm not normal my self. I'm wery eremitisk  And in the same time To b a youtuber it's not isie I think  You make a good work I think you not relaxed in beginning I better fast when...
Thank you sooo much guys for making this  My cousin is having very similar symptoms to the ones you described, this is relatively new to her and we have only been to the psychiatrist once so he hasn’t been able to make a diagnosis yet. But this video is extremely helpful  Thanks again  I wish you well
I feel for folks with schizophrenia.  They have to work tremendously hard just to decipher what's real in an already stressful day.   Those that I've met with it, I've seen that they're someone others could learn the gift of patience from.  They're very strong with self control, as well... having been working through it since the hallucinations began.
I personally am not schizophrenic, but I do suffer from psychotic symptoms when under heavy stress. I had a psyche evaluation recently, not long after my brother had a break from reality and was actually diagnosed as schizophrenic. They've only diagnosed me with PTSD, but I have audiotory hallucinations when I'm triggered and/or under intense stress, where I start re-experiencing trauma of the past and i hear associated degrading phrases like someone is whispering or screaming them into my ears. When I'm in that stress induced state for too long, I start to see things as well and they've stayed pretty much the same over the years. I see a woman kinda like Cecilia does, she started out looking like sadako (the ring girl) and her face has always remained covered yet her gaze follows me, now her face is overshadowed by a big hood. Whenever i see her, dread and despair seem to envelop my whole body and i feel hopeless. I also see an abnormally tall man with a shadowy face but you always get the sense he's smiling sinisterly, he makes me feel super uneasy and paranoid. I thought i was schizophrenic for the longest time. I delved deep into psychology because i was convinced something was wrong with me. I remember watching Cecilias ted talk, and it made me cry the first time because i felt so haunted all the time and i felt like i was alone. I've told several people about my experiences, and they always act afraid of me afterwards which doesnt make much sense considering I'm the one dealing with the scary stuff. The thing that has always scared me is when i tell someone and they try to convince me I'm literaly seeing ghosts, that is a dangerous line of thinking and filled me with fear almost my whole childhood and can still make me anxious as an adult. Ive always tried to remain as closely footed in reality as possible while tackling hallucinations, paranoia, flashbacks, catatonic depression, and intense derealization... it's not always easy and i hate it when people are like "yeah but what if its real?" Like if i go too deep in that line of thinking i could end up in a really fearful and dark place, and the worst thing is the people that say these kinds of things have no idea what the impact of their words can have on people like me or my brother or anybody else that struggles with psychosis... It's not all sunshine and rainbows and we can't just shut it off, its hard work and sometimes that work is having to sort through the chaos of real and not real when everything around you feels like a nightmarish dream.
That 's so well done. It's a respectfull and honnest talk.
umm now im pretty sure ive gone practically my entire life with undisguised schizophrenia… where n what do i do now
You wrote a title w/ a word "with" in it and it was spending a day w/ a person with schizophrenia. Is that like a person who has a schizophrenia, about having a schizophrenia as a friend or you having schizophrenia him/her having a schizophrenia w/ them.
I have schizophrenia but I don’t have hallucinations and I am still struggling with mental health. My hardest problem is ppl blaming stuff I have that it is my schizophrenic thoughts. Especially the fact that I am trans and bisexual and stuff in my physical health.
My mother is Schizophrenic, and I implore anyone who has this disorder to receive treatment. I know that Schizophrenics are not evil, but my experience with her was traumatic for my siblings and I, to the point where now, none of us speak to her. She refuses treatment, and has fallen into a torn reality that she has not come back from since 16 years ago. I respect Cecilia and Kody for speaking on their experiences and what they are going through everyday, and I hope that life is a little easier for them as they receive their treatment.
Has anyone with schizophrenia seen a God they've never seen before. I used to see the Hindu God Ganesha and was chanting something something with. "amara" at the end
I am one of the first people that had a service dog for psychiatric reasons and I wonder if 1) those with schizophrenia are able to care for a service dog and 2) have they considered a service dog of so. One of the things I taught my dog to do is to help me differentiate if something is real or a hallucination (when overstressed I have them too).  The stuff I would hallucinate didn't belong in the current environment or circumstances. I taught my dog that when I'd say "oo, what is that". They would immediately survey the environment and if something out of place was present they would alert and fixate on it, if not they would look back at me expectantly so I knew that they found nothing. It really helps to be able to identify when something is real or not
it sucks because my sister has this but she's also a narcissist
Does anyone know who the other person in that one frame at the beginning
Who that fourth guy? Am i schicophrenic?
I once had a hallucination The hallucination was the sound of someone going "EEE" with some added _effects_ Sounded to me as if it faded in without me noticing and then faded out after i noticed It was the only hallucination I had ever experienced
He needs to do one with kids nowadays with anxiety,depression, or getting bullied from there point of view it’s so different from adults.
9:01 - 9:41  So the pharmaceutical medication makes his hallucinations "realer" and virtually impossible to differentiate from actual reality.   No wonder the most common factor between the terrible occurrence of mass shootings (in schools etc.) is that the people who do these things are on psychiatric medication.    Please understand me correctly:  People on psychiatric medication aren't usually school shooters, but school shooters are usually on some kind of psychiatric medication </3 These substances are chemical experiments with high risk, and potential damages for society at large.   In some ancient cultures there are stories of people who this Western society would call mentally ill. They are the ones who are taken in by the shaman, and helped to navigate the overlapping realities and dimensions they purportedly have some second sight into.
This must be so, so hard to live with psychosis. I can't even comprehend how horrible and scary it is on a daily basis. These people are so, so very strong.
pause at 11 05 a man appears and his clip was cut ...why
W FRRRRRRR
My dad has it and its funny sometimes
A day is not long enough to understand it. Everyone with SZ has a different personality that's infused with their disease.
i am being diagnosed for schizophrenia, their words helped a lot. thank you.
GAD is something that I experience sometimes ☺️☺️☺️
Spending a day with individuals who have schizophrenia can be an eye-opening and empathetic experience. Dr. Tonmoy Sharma, a distinguished mental health specialist and author, in collaboration with Sovereign Health institution, utilizes a person-centered and holistic approach to support those with schizophrenia. Testimonies from both employees and patients emphasize the transformative impact of their services, underscoring the compassionate care and therapies provided. Dr. Tonmoy Sharma's advocacy further highlights the importance of understanding and supporting individuals with mental health conditions. Through evidence-based treatments, tailored to individual needs, and a commitment to reducing stigma, they work to help those in need lead more fulfilling lives while breaking down barriers surrounding schizophrenia and mental health in general.
forget schizophrenia SHE POSSESSED
My sister have that the weird spiders type thing. So when it come on her she tell me a say if its real or not. And do something like take the spider amd trow it outside. Not everyone is the same but its the only thing i know to do.  Oh and if she feel like some behind her i put myself behind to say yea sister its me .
<--->This is the button for thinking you have to off yourself in order to get back to reality/ escape from a prison realm.  How common is this?
I have a long time friend with schizophrenia and I have been actively trying to educate myself more on this mental illness. This video was very helpful and has added more resources for me to use. As a person who is close to someone with schizophrenia, I’d love to get some additional advice on how I can help my friend or things I should be aware of. Thanks friends ❤ and thank you to Anthony and his guests❤
very intresting id like to hear more about that topic
Anthony: Does it feel like you were actually getting stabbed? Cecilia: It is very jarring  Anthony: So, no then
TikTok should be banned in the USA bc it's platform origin is China and the CCP..brought to us by the origins of Covid 19...or did everyone forget about that?
11:05 what just happened
2 days before I saw faceless man on  an story reading app I thought it was glitch but now I'm scared😢😢 I really hope it's a glitch
It makes so much since they would have paranoia - imagine seeing a clown next to you when you wake up, and not knowing when it'd appear.
I had to click on this as I was an adult foster Care home case  manager and many of my consumers were dx with this disorder
Do some people who are medically diagnosed with schizophrenia deny to have it?? And still insist its real, or they have six sense like  supernatural abilities
Please please make a video of scizotypal disorder
Why didn’t they talk about the negative symptoms
I have ocd and one of my themes is being afraid of getting schizophrenia I was afraid even clicking on this video and honestly this really changed my perspective on it God bless all those suffering from mental health life is good
I have loved ones suffering from this..and i can't do anything for them except wait from a distance for the inevitable..
No wait I have the exact same fear as the girl with the clown and have the exact same fear of clowns from the same movie and same character
11:04 who was that guy who just apeard a few seconds?
I know this video is old, but thank you so much for this video! I personally don’t have schizophrenia but after seeing the movie “A Beautiful Mind” I’ve wanted to learn more about it!
Hearing how Cecilia attempted absolutely shattered my heart. Just imagining what she must have been going through seems awful.
Imagine going to one of those woman's talks and you look and see the clown too.
I'd love to see more interviews like this one!
The audio hallucinations are ao qccurt
Kodyyy
Diagnosed in 2017, currently on a medication regiment that has me in 99% remission. (I still get some breakthrough hallucinations)
11:03 is there a cut that got mixed up? Or is my phone glitching
WAIT, so does Steven King have schizophrenia?
I used to see black blob( or spirit),  but it goes away when I'm around good people. It was in a VERY specific place in a casino too
I dont have schizophrenia, however, my dreams feel so real. Like i dreamt of being bitten by a dog and i genuinely felt it in real life
at 11:05 you can see another guy from another ep
You should talk to people with pots or eds
Anyone else think that this people just randomly got access to stuff that many others are constantly working to get access to?
1:22 she's beautiful
So once they realize they are hallucinating do the hallucinations subside?
should’ve called my dad
Does anyone know what happened to the 3rd interviewee? He seems to have been cut from the entire production.
❤️‍🩹
11:05 did anyone else see a different guy flash into the screen for a second who is that?
If believing a delusion made you schizophrenic then all of "Jesus" believers would be schizophrenic.
I remember that guy from tiktok
I wonder if a good comparison for visual hallucinations would be those "is it cake" videos where you are looking at two pretty much identical things and have to guess if it's real or cake. Some of those you really can't tell at all. Does anyone else think that's a good comparison?
is schizophrenia linked to sleep paralysis?
I don’t have Schizophrenia itself, but I do have the closely related Major Depressive Disorder with Psychotic Elements (when you have psychotic symptoms closely tied to your mood symptoms of depression). My hallucinations often are auditory (usually picking apart every insecurity I have, it has at least given me very thick skin), though I do sometimes see scratchy visual hallucinations and on rare occasion I have realistic yet temporary events that are enough to convince me that something is happening that isn’t (usually in a grey area where I cannot risk ignoring it on the slim chance it’s real). Luckily, given that shortly before onset I got very interested in the condition, I learned how to recognise it and even see that it had happened before that research in a previous psych ward stay, so I actually managed to recognise it.
This sound like possibly the most terrifying thing to have to deal with in life
tose people are demon posessed
Yes that's how I felt my hallucination made a Band-Aid form in my hand and started laughing at me.  it was nasty use band-aid and have no idea where it came from. But my friends were next to me & saw open my hand saw it come from nothing. I get confused . Unknown anymore
This is not an accurate picture of schizophrenia as a whole. There are other symptoms that are far worse than the severity of most positive symptoms. Let's talk negative symptoms. these are things that normal people have and can do that are taken away from some schizophrenics. negative symptoms often get worse with age and are thought to be caused by depletion of dopamine where positive symptoms are thought to be the result an excess of dopamine. Some types of Schizophrenia (prior the current DSM-5 when they differentiated between types of schizophrenia; they no longer do this) have very little positive symptoms and are almost entirely characterized by negative symptoms that are often quite severe. extreme lack of motivation to do literally anything including self care such as washing, cleaning, food preparation, etc. lack of interest in others and socializing, flattened or blunted affect (this is the ability to feel and/or express emotion), difficulty with speaking, and loss of sense of purpose which often leads to higher suicide risk. Negative symptoms as a whole often leads to drug use as a means of getting the dopamine that is missing and while it often improves negative symptoms it simultaneously increases positive symptoms. The water gets even muddier if you bring schizoaffective disorder into the equation which is basically schizophrenia combined with a mood disorder like Major Depression or Bipolar Disorder.   The experience is very unique to the individual but also to the type. one person may have extreme paranoia and hallucinations of people coming to get them, another may talk to spirits, one may have very mild hallucinations or even no hallucinations but instead basically has early onset dementia and depression like symptoms while another has catatonic episodes and just doesn't move for long periods of time. One may have elements of multiple types. one may not be able to smile while another may have inappropriate affect and burst into laughter upon hearing that a close relative has passed. The cover of the book may vary wildly but all of these people have schizophrenia.
this sounds so familiar! 3:53 my partner has also described seeing a shadow figure. He also says he sees a clown that’s very derogatory and there was a third one but I don’t remember. Most videos I’ve seen people say that they also see these figures. I wonder why. I know everyone’s hallucinations are not the same but I find it interesting that so many people with schizophrenia have seen/ heard the clown, the shadow figure and I think the third one was a headless man or something.
I’m writing a story rn and I’m doing a bunch of video research This video is really helpful to write one of my characters
When I was younger my mom told me I would talk to someone name stompy I described him as a tell man with no eyes
I really enjoyed this video - unfortunately i habe to admit the interviewer didnt do a great job in terms of interviewing professionally…
Hey I have it but I take meds for it and live independently and I graduated culinary school and have worked but the key is taking the meds I am on a 100 mg of throazene  only every night
Soumds exactly like a specificic declassified cia document
Did he just say right at your fingertits or am I hallucinating? 8:23
who is the guy at 11:04?
This is so helpful, thanks for sharing your experiences.
There’s a rumor going around that schizophrenics are just autistics on drugs. What a world we live in.
I'm starting to think schizophrenia is just possession completely when your aura is weak you can get attachments from ghosts that don't go to the light
Thank you for sharing so openly. I greatly appreciate your honesty. I dated someone with schizophrenia that was afraid to be honest with anyone about it. That fear stopped him from getting help that was available to him. It’s reassuring to see that your honesty and treatment has paid off. And while the treatment didn’t completely stop the symptoms from what I gather, it has made them more manageable. Ps. The phone hack is genius!!
What is Reality? Rorri Maesu says useaMirroR
Somebody please tell me dude fell through the Roof...
Wait, there at the end you asked schizo-affective / schizophrenia question.  He did not answer.  As a woman with diagnosis of schizo-affective , I am curious if / why you consider them the same. Thx
Btw the things are actually there your brains just in a different frequency or channel fr fr , ygm
Psilocybin shrooms gave me a reality break. I can say it borderline gave me schizo
How would people with schizophrenia feel if they tripped on LSD. Because what they describe is very similar to hard trip on LSD.
Why do you talk to schizophrenia people down and talk badly to them.
The third guy got cut off from the video?
Wait, that-  That's-   That's what schizophrenia is?? Uh-oh. I had a bunch of seizures, and now I have all sorts of potential symptoms of potentially various mental illnesses; I haven't seen the entire video yet, and I'm already considering calling a professional...
Thank you so much for all videos you made. You are one of my absolutely best youtubers ever. Zdraví Nogy. Greetings from Czech Republic.
11:50 so cure is Google glass
Why couldn’t god make disorders that were positive??
Wow, this is sad 😢
The thing I hate most about telling people I hear voices is them asking me if the voices are telling me to kill everyone, while slowly backing way from me. They do, sometimes, but it's not like I'm required to follow their orders.
These poor people are so incredibly brave! I hope you know that you are loved and deseve to have the best life!
I had two psychotic episodes and they felt like this. I’m really surprised it didn’t stay and I came back to real life
I mean I will say 99% of delusional in some sort of way. Religion
I know this is an old post, but recently there have been studies and investigations that formally recognize the possibility that schizophrenics might actually be seeing and hearing beings from another dimension. These beings are often described as nefarious because they interfere with the psyche of those who can perceive them. So, there is some truth to what people say about this.
The music is very stressful😅
I have a theory that the same part of your brain induces visuals and audio like when your dreaming are the same parts of your brain that are associated with schizophrenia. As if they are dreaming while awake. And we all know how real dreams feel.
Don’t tell ppl with this disorder that their delusions are real or could be, bc then they won’t be able to tell if you’re real or not/……… found this the hard way with my fiancé.
My girlfriend has schizophrenia, as well as a couple other disorders. When she told me, i treated her no differently. I learned more about them so i could accommodate and understand. I dong understand how anybody could think badly of someone just because their brain is different. I love her very much, and i can't imagine how someone could just leave someone out of their life because of them being different mentally.
2:40 show her the actor shell feel better
Rapid withdrawal from a high dose of antipsychotics  can induce psychotic episodes.
One time I was 8 and my cousin asked me to look out the window with her while she was carrying this huge spotlight and asked me “do you see someone out there?”.  I thought she was playing so I said “ERHRMERGERD THEY BEHIND THE LIGHTPOLE!!!!!”.  Little did I know that she was Schizophrenic and I just confirmed what she was seeing.  20 years later she unalived herself  after losing her mom 😢
Ok did nobody see the guy with the red head phones for a split second at 6:48????
I have schizophrenia and hearing this makes me feel not so alone. One story from me at least is last week, I saw a man in my backyard with my dogs and I was going into fight or flight. Luckily my dogs were there and seeing them not react told my brain "Hey it isn't real". I don't understand why so many people romanticize it.
My sister in law has schizophrenia but it only comes south when she's in a bad place mentally or heavily using drugs, but she's had it since she was really young, the voices use to tell her to get rid of her siblings, she even attempted to do so with my babies mother when they were really young but she thankfully was able to fight her off cuz she's bigger then her older sister, she's doin MUCH better now tho mentally so she doesn't have those breaks anymore, well at least for now cuz you never really know 😅.
My mom is schizophrenic and she would never agree to this , she would think you're after her in some type of way , and she is like this on her medication. She is very paranoid and she hears and sees things.
I really think the world needs a balanced approach to mental health, there are spiritual implications to symptoms that are experienced. What's going on in the brain & body is a result of what is going on in the spiritual realm, energetically. That doesn't mean the hallucinations are real or can be used as clues to decipher things, that doesn't mean the person is possessed, but they are being demonically tormented.
Since I was 4 that's I can remember  now I'm  what they call psychic got weird abilities besides of " reading minds" but basically   but after yrs just to realize it's mini personalities  and they spot on aka Mediumship
...this video makes me want to check something out-
I sadly lost my dad to scizophrania when i was 10 years old. No one told me that he had it until he was gone.
My mom has schizophrenia.
I always thought schizophrenics make the absolute best artists. They are so very creative. I wish I could help them though, I hate that they suffer.
14:55 Thank you for this!  Goes for "Just move on, let it go, forgive, forget about it. ""  I already know this and I fight my now feeling guilty, stupid or bad but thinking about any good qualities or examples of forgiving or best yet literally changing the channel and filling  my mind with educational and compassionate channels like this. Also listening to Reddit stories or calling a friend or group.  The only to "move on or let it go" is fill my mind with something else.
Took me 12 years to get diagnosed with schizophrenia. When i was 8, i had my first visual hallucination. Parents didnt believe me until i was 13 and they probably thought "well shit she's still talking about monsters. We should probably get her checked out." For the longest time every psychiatrist ive been to just said it was depression. Then last year i went to a different psychiatrist and she told me "yeah no thats not depression. Theres something more there." And i told her "i straight up think i have schizophrenia but i could be wrong." She took several sessions to evaluate me and told me "yeah you have schizophrenia."  Wild lol
This disorder proves a lot of things when it comes to belief
They made me feel much better I’m not alone I have schizophrenia and I thought I had superpowers and I was reading people minds and I thought I was god then I thought I was possessed
Why was the 3rd individual not included in the edits?
Paranormal activities or schizophrenia?
Who was this random Indian guy at the end
my uncile dose drugs
shit am i schizophrenic
My best friend is schizo affective so schizophrenia with bi polar. Mostly auditory with some visual hallucinations. He said he has like an angry jury bordering on demon like that scream his insecurities at him things like that. He's kind and loving takes care of his family. Its a medical condition not his entire existence
I've had schizophrenia my whole life, which became schizoaffective depressive type because of improper treatment growing up with it as a child. I was on a pagan forum around age 18, which I worked hard to get the others to understand my thought process as someone with schizophrenia. When I became successful at it, they embraced me and how I poked fun at it. I have two voices/people I see and hear every day who like to pick on each other with humorous insults. I remember one day I asked on the forum if I could post their interactions simply because they were funny. It wasn't that they were enforcing my belief they are real, it was more so a way to help me cope, and those two men are always so kind to me. So, on the forum, they allowed me to have a thread of their interactions. And it was great. It was so much fun to poke fun at the silly things that surprisingly happened "in my head", and let others in on it, too, who weren't going to ridicule me for it. About 2 or 3 years later a woman gets on the forum and berates me for making fun of such a serious illness and that I couldn't possibly be schizophrenic if I could laugh at it.   Seeing you laugh with those two about some of the things they deal with as people with schizophrenia is so refreshing and makes me want that forum to return so I could post this and say to that woman, "See?! They have schizophrenia, too, and are able to laugh about it!"
And this is how I met Tyler Durden
I wonder if AR glasses could actually help with visual halucinations??
I wonder why hallucinations tend to be so dark and scary—- why not happy or beautiful?
The ending was kind of wack. Don’t assume that we’re living in the same reality? The human brain will always think that we’re witnessing the same thing. So we’re always gonna think about the default answer. Which is the reality that everyone sees. It’s when it gets brought up, when the perspective changes
My mom has schizophrenia and I like documenting myself on that and I would like to say this video is nice and well produced thank you
I read a book on it, but it is way out of date and I remember they said Ireland had the highest rate of Schizophrenia. And they were theorizing then that it may have had something to do with the potatoes during the potato famine. These folks here I am sure take their meds and do all they can to keep well.
My Aunty has this and she genuinely beliefs Brittany spears is her daughter even though there about the same age
In other cultures these people would be considered shamen. I personally believe that there are people who are gifted with abilities to see and sense things that most can not.
Schizophrenia is like training how to manifest through affirmations but with a weight-belt on.  In my next life I'll be able to fly.  🧘❤️🌍
We chose to have training partners in our head that we can not get rid of and try to put us down 24/7  We are not victims We are Warriors.  🌍❤️🧘
Are we just not going to talk about the random person at the end 19:40
I have schizophrenia and very much related to the guy. I love the normalization. Everyone just hears about true crime where they go unmediated and hurt someone else but it’s more complicated than that and usually hurts us.
The fact that the guy can use his phone camera to check whether it’s a hallucination or not, and his brain doesn’t “recreate”the hallucination on the phone screen as well is fascinating. Makes you wonder if this is specific of his sympthoms only, or more common, and whether it could be a helpful tool for more people with schizophrenia.
This isnt real everything you see right now is not real. RUN
A great way to freak the fuck out if you DO NOT have schizophrenia is to take some geodone
When I was in the psych ward there were two ladies with schizophrenia and they were two of the sweetest people I have ever met. The ways their schizophrenia affected them was so different, even though both of them had hallucinations. The one saw demons all the time that said horrible things to her constantly, and she could only handle actually talking to people for a short time and then had to go pace the floor. The other one at one point vaulted over the staff counter because she thought she was in a Taco Bell and couldn't find her way out. She could carry on a conversation if you kept asking her questions. I sat and talked with her a lot because nobody else did.
11:04-11:05 there is a random man for a millisecond 😭
As a mother of a child with autism, I HATE when I tell someone and they say “I’m sorry.” Like, I didn’t say he has leukemia, autism isn’t going to kill him. And I tell people with pride, because he has come so far since being diagnosed. He had in home therapies til he was 3, and his language has exploded since being in his special needs school. He goes 2 days a week, for 3 hours. Sorry this wasn’t about schizophrenia, but I feel like someone may get that type of response if you tell them of your diagnosis. If I were a friend or family member, I would just ask what they feel works best for them. Like Kody said, maybe you want me to completely ignore it, or if you just need a quick “Nope, there’s nothing there”, then move on, I just want to be helpful.
Oh shit I’ve been watching this guy for a while I had no idea he came on your show
My Brother took his life from this 4 years ago. He was 23 😥
Who is the person with red headphones in the chair with a black t-shirt in the like 1 frame bits sorry for this not being related to schizophrenia I hope they can find a way to diffriciate
Oh
I am really confused as to who the guy with the glasses is ?? He showed up for 0.5 seconds in the middle of the video and then was in the outro,, what.
I wasnt diagnosed until i was 30 but ive experienced visual, auditory and tactile hallucinations since i was young when looking back.   One experience i had was a completly black plague doctor who had grabbed my wrist leaving a black area spreading across my hand and wrist.   My voices told me to clean it. I then poured a freshly boiled kettle over my hand and wrist.  Looking back i wish people were more aware and teaching children about these conditions.  I cant work now because of my illness but ive moved to writing. Ive written 8 children's books unpublished due to financial difficulties but these cover 8 conditions in a rhyming books hoping one day to be able to publish and help our young children who are silently suffering the earlier we diagnose the easier to treat.
My uncles have it and there is a good chance i may develop it since its hereditary in my family Im glad to see videos like this with people suffering with schizophrenia still seeming "normal" i always worry that if it develops ill lose all touch with reality and spiral into madness its nice to see that isnt always the case and its not for certain ill end up like mt uncles
Is this 1 half of smosh
6:15 okay hold on.  i don't think children should learn about what psychosis is at an early age or any mentally debilitating illnesses until they are around idk above 12. the reason is when CHILDREN are still developing that very part of the brain that you want to tell them is fucked up on somebody else...not only that but tell them HOW its fucked up. i mean idk about you but if i was told in detail about mental illness as a young child i would have developed some metal baggage with that as an adult later on.
Anyone else notice the black dude with red headphones after Anthony speaks? 11:04 11:05
Thank you for sharing this. I have schizoaffective disorder and this is very validating for me. I want to reach out to them and say, "ME TOO!"
What if they're not hallucinations? Who says whats real.
My schizophrenia is fucked imagine this everything you think is blurred out in your voice horrible perverted shit or just random shit then I hear people I know or people in public react to what I say it’s like a I’m mindlessly saying walking around saying horrible shit taking crap to people without knowing I’ll clench my teeth  and tongue and I’m like I know I’m not saying that out loud but then the voices start having realistic reactions and I’m like fuck did I sell my soul and I’m just being controlled by the devil all in the background in my mine it’s like I’m controlling another me In another universe that other me’s voice is based on whatever I think just imagine 24’7 anything you think or conversations that you have to self in your mind is just blurred out
Hello I am Callie Quinn! I was healed by Jesus from schizophrenia, He cured me! First I was born again, then I had the elders lay hands on me, and then I received deliverance, and I was healed! You must believe in Jesus, He can cure you and heal you. I didn't think that my schizophrenia was possible to be cured, but He did it! He is wonderful and will help you always and forever. He can save you. I hope to share my testimony to encourage faith and salvation in Him. Please if you are even a little interested in God, then please look into Him! He is great and has also saved me from suicide many times!
It is demonic
Anthony really doing the world a favor when he makes videos about this stuff and interviews real people. A lot have misconceptions about mental health conditions or dont understand them when people need help.
the dude got handed scissors by someone who wasnt there but he actually was holding the scissors? thats not schizophrenia thats an actual demon
I get very mild delusions sometimes but I'm self aware of it. It can only be exasperated by others I let affect me.
Sluggish schizophrenia look it up
i’ve got psychosis (not schizophrenia) and i often hear whispers or what sounds like people talking on the next room or just out of sight. and it’s hard to tell if it’s real or not because even if it were real you wouldn’t see the person talking if they’re in another room.   also i see shadow people and what looks like the walls melting or the floor breathing and things like that. (somewhat similar to shrooms lol)  before getting on Seroquel i would see dead people in the streets or people running out in front of my car so i’d slam on my breaks and stuff when nothing was there. i saw a lot of dead kids… i never got used to seeing it. i knew it wasn’t real after awhile but it didn’t make it easier. and then you struggle with the guilt of “why would i ever think of that” or “i’m a horrible person for letting my mind see that” because you have nothing to blame but you’re own brain for showing you such horrific stuff…
And how do we know the difference between esp and schizophrenia
I have scitzophrenia but I'm still functional for the most part
I think Cecilia might have facticious disorder... Doesnt sound like schizophrenia.
I m glad i watched this video, its very educational, than you. 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
I think I have schizophrenia because I think my life is like The Truman Show
Wow, it's not a " disorder" it is a BRAIN DISEASE , LIKE DEMENTIA.. MOST SCHIZOS DO NOT HALLUCINATING... THEY HAV SEVERE BEHAVIORS, SEVERE DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, SEVERE DISTORTED THOUGHTS..
when i was in psychward one week before leaving i met guy who heard voices all the time
I found this video,it makes my day 10 times Better because it's genetic on my mom's side of the family to have it and If I have it, this makes me feel less alone.
People don't let these individuals deceive you into believing that this is a mental disorder it is not it is demonic possession REPENT FOR THE KINGDOM OF GOD IS AT HAND
Erm... whos this guy? Was he cut out of the interview? I'm curiouso 11:05
Anthony seems tired
like on an lsd trip or any other psychedelic, the same with schizophrenia people's "third eye" opens and that's why they have these experiences. schizophrenic people have a hard time dealing with hallucinations anyway, but if they would accept that it's really another reality and try to face or talk to the entities and not show fear (although I know it's very hard because I've tried psychedelics). if people want to be "cured" of schizophrenia, they have to face their demons, which we all have but are not all aware of. Facing demons means trying to live a clean life, without vices, without fear, not doing things that  demages our soul, going out, partying, changing partners, drinking, smoking, masturbating, being mean, selfish, unconcious, unconcious of yourself and others, our environment, own needs, other people's needs, etc. because that's how demons are channeled. some people have it in their genetics, while others become schizophrenic due to other influences. sufferers of schizophrenia, try to face your fears, because this is the only way to beat schizophrenia. same as on lsd trip or mushrooms, as long as you resist you have a bed trip, when you face it, you get lessons and learn, mostly about yourself. don't be afraid when someone tells you "what if it's real". everything is real to you anyway when you hallucinate, and resisting only makes the situation worse. I'm just curious if there are people with schizophrenia who have tried to face their fears and what happens then. try it, you have nothing to lose, I think you can only profit. try to show these entities that they have no control over you. and by admitting to yourself that you see a different reality and gaining a deeper understanding of schizophrenia, you can begin real healing. in the past, mental illnesses were treated with psychedelics. precisely for the reasons I stated. for a better understanding of yourself and the world around you.
As someone with hallucinations but no official diagnosis due to being underage, my uncle is diagnosed schizophrenic and we had to make a rule where we can not speak to eachother about our delusions or hallucinations or paranoia because often our delusions and paranoia are extremely in sync. Meaning if he says something during that time about it I’m likely to promote that idea without meaning to and vice versa
I can’t just imagine seeing a spider than being like “hm it might not be real tho” and just stare at it for 2 minutes
blank space :                                   have’a g’day.
Very big question I have another of these symptoms but I also have black outs on top of this. Stress is my trigger I see shadow figures but only in specific areas like the woods or if I'm at work I might hear someone ask me for help and I'll look over and no ones there, or I might see a shadow walking from me. It hasn't happened since I've been on my anti anxiety meds. I've never really went and told my doctor about my psychosis because I was doing acid and other psychedelics and I didn't want to get introuble I was 19-20 when It got so bad just started to isolate myself from going outside, covid didn't help either, I thought I was getting chased by 'dark ones' is what I called them at the time. Before the work incidents I never heard other voices outside of my head and they were always different, before it was like multiple other me's all kind of different in the sense of emotions(anger and anxiety were the most prominent I did have really violent thoughts almost intrusive but it would get so loud and scary like I was getting told off and I would emotionally default to fear and go and be in the closet and cry for hours (12-18 y/o) when I was super youn(4 and another time when I was 8) I had a shadow man with a child holding his hand coming into my room and just stare at me, it was a sleep paralysis moment. drugs just made it worse. I'm semi good now I have moments of the voices comeback but I got diagnosed with postpartum for that. Again I never told my doctor about my past to scared too
Not likes
Might want to be more professional if you want people to take you serious.
My Schizophrenia is like i'm living in vishnu's consciousness vishnu the lord of the multiverse
I was diagnosed 5 years ago, I'm 32 now. I have hallucinated for as long as I can remember. I remember when I was a child like, 7 years old it was nice things like cartoons coming out of the TV because I was lonely and had no friends and the adults kept calling them my "imaginary friends" but they were real to me. When I got older during my teenage years things got darker, like Amityville Horror so my family had me exorcized and nothing changed afterwards. Everything has been very hard for me for my whole life, but with therapy and everything I'm on the right track and I'm hoping to have my own place very soon and I'm going to see if I could figure something out to get a service dog so I have some extra help with me all the time because a lot of people don't the obstacles for schizophrenics when they don't have it themselves and to have a service dog to kind of take some of the mental load off of my memory and to be able to pet and cuddle to still get the oxytocin and feel needed will be beautiful. I'm hopeful for my future.
My mother is schizophrenic and I never realized how intense it really was because mom was "normal " . I had to go to the mental hospital a few years ago and the mismedicaded me and I haulicinted for two days. It was the scariest feeling in the world and I appreciated everything my mom has done for me so much more. It sucked but I'm glad I experienced it so I could understand more
my friend thinks he’s schizophrenic but we aren’t sure. he has this thing he named one of the 12 names we keep callin white guys that looks like what he describes to be a huge scribbly dude that look like slenderman but black ballpoint ink and fits into shadowy corners. one day he said he was in the corner and i asked him to point out where it was and i ran over and slapped it. afterward my friend said it was now on the rafters of the building we were in and i was like “please make sure he doesn’t jump on me like one of those spiders lol”
God love them poor people
I've been dealing with hallucinations ever since I was a kid— mostly visual and then it became auditory, I even had to tell this to a therapist of mine. After a while it all kind of just disappeared? It was still there to some extent but I'm not sure if it's because I got used to it or if it started happening less frequently
i lost a childhood friend, she committed suicide back in july.. comes to find out she suffered from schizophrenia.. what was the worst to see.. none of her friends that lived in her area and had been so close to her weren’t very good friends to her at all.. it happened so suddenly so I wasn’t able to make it to the funeral and so much time had passed that i had lost touch with my friend.. i just feel horrible that she didn’t feel supported or that she felt unsafe in the world. such a deep story and i wish i could’ve been a more active friend in her life to let her know that she was loved and supported so that she didn’t feel the need to leave this earth. please listen to ur friends and family… don’t disregard them when episodes of these mental illnesses occur. these people need us
Wait, who's the third guy at the end of the video?
This disorder took me and my brother's childhood our teenage years always under pain physically n mentally..my poor mom too she didn't experienced a normal life ever..both me and my brother at different times tried to stop her from killing herself..idk about my brother but I have many nightmares of my mom attempting suecide and I'm not able to save her..Idk why I'm writing these stuff..I don't ever talk about it quz it hurts but I guess this is the best place to throw some personal garbage..no one knows me n most ppl in the cmnt section experienced similar  things as me so it's a little comforting.
The clickbait title is scary xD i clicked it cos it said "am i real" i be questioning that part of my existence all the time with the help of pseudoscientific theories like this life is just a dream were experiencing or we are experiencing a memory of the universe, etc i know it not to be fact but still scares me
amazing!
They gave me borderline - cuz I legit see shit no one should know, or haven't been told about. Saw my therapists husband die the night before he died of a heartattack. She said she couldn't help me after she called me back about it.
the coma delusion rlly shocked me. this is so sad i rlly hope everyone dealing with this is gonna find ways to cope and still be able to live a fulfilled life. ❤
Symptoms of schizophrenia always seem paranormal & terrifying.
This was rather hard for me to listen too, my mother growing up had schizophrenia and it was more or less hard. Especially when she was a single mother. Today i have no contact atm its toxic to have her in my life after whats been done. Theres more but ill leave it at that.
My cousin has this and he won’t take his meds he can’t work or do anything with taking his meds because his mind is so out of control… I asked him why not take it? He said it makes him feel weird… that’s all he said , can anyone tell me what he means? I’ve always wondered what he means by that and wouldn’t it be better to take it than not? I don’t understand…thanks
As a person with EXTREME arachnophobia, that poor woman with spider hallucinations, if I had those I’dvery easily and withouta agreed if guilt be quickly a serial arsonist/terrorist due to my extreme and insanely inappropriate level of instinctive reaction to angering that could possibly be a spouse much less actually a spider. As a mother I’d gladly bitch slap a baby (kinda did once) of the ground over a harmless tiny house spider…. That was my motherly instinct for his safety… yea that poor poor woman
If I had schizophrenia I’d probably hallucinate minecraft since that’s my favourite game and stuff. Although I wouldn’t want to hear a creeper all day. Overall I just have this subconscious feeling that I have plot armour even though I know I don’t, so I can’t really be very serious about this.
If you believe in the esoteric concept of all things being true at all times; What exactly is a “delusion”?
15:25 i have a very violent relationship wit any kinda spirit type thing they know if they fuck around shi goes south its never i do anything its like my hand is forced to get rid of them 😐 but i know th difference frum reality an not almost always
I am living in your walls
We don't see many of the frequencies that exist, we don't hear many frequencies of sound, keeping positive and neutral whilst safely curious is the best way to take on reality regardless
I get these dark shadowy figures and like white figures. Always in mirrors or places i cant really see well near. Like in my periferals (the corners of your vision). It gets really intense sometimes and it sucks. I dont think its schizophrenia though cuz i havent gotten it checked out. Eh
There's a black guy that got cut from the video yes? Im not just seeing somethign right?
whos the black guy at the end?
I think I might have schizophrenia because I have disorganized thoughts and I am very paranoid sometimes I think that I hear my mom calling me but no one is. Also sometimes I can’t distinguish memories from dreams
Pushing through this video and fighting the urge to click off, trying to use some sort of exposure therapy i guess? (I deal with minor PTSD with mention of BiPolar Disorder and Schizophrenia)
This has to be one of the scariest things iv got a few freinds who have this they get a depo  jag once a month to help with the symptoms it does help them but it has side effects ...
as a person with schizophrenia and DID both its. REALLY HARD to feel like im not some how hurting people in both of these groups , or to feel like help is obtainable even when im actively seeing a therapist
I have social anxiety, depression and a lovesick disorder and to be honest i feel bad for people who have schizophrenia.. I hope everyone that's reading this that's schizophrenic or someone normal i hope you are okay and safe ❤
Every time Anthony interviews anybody of any faith, gender, sexuality, neurological status, or personal experience, he is a phenomenally empathetic and caring individual! Legendary content that the world needs more of!
Wow, that sounds extremely difficult to deal with & manage. I'm sorry and I appreciate these two people sharing to help others be more aware of schizophrenia.
that editing was devious Anthony, making all those fucking sounds
1:43 did they cut out one person from the video??
Pov the tiktok that says do u want tzleportation or fly ability a guy with that disorder trying to choosen the doctor looking at him
personally, clowns scare the shit out of me.
What if schizophrenic people are really very sensitive/connected to the psychic realm...hence "hearing" voices of wondering souls that haven't moved into the light yet?
I'm pretty convinced that they are able to see, hear, feel those things that we don't have access to, unless induced by psychodelics or intense meditation... If you look at tribalistic cultures, they don't have those scary symptoms, because they are looked at as holy not broken. I would bet anything see the inorganic beings that produce those intrusive voices, thoughts, feelings in our minds.
Im a proud schizophrenic ❤❤❤ its not an easy disorder but i have to live with it things been better since im on meds tho but it dont earse the disorder  completely
Ironically people with visual schizophrenia are never alone  Think about that  Never alone  That’s horrifying
My father had schizophrenia that he refused to get treatment for since he believed it was all real. It put a strain on the family because of how it affected him. A lot of his delusions and auditory hallucinations were based in guilt from his past, and he talked to himself and got really worked up while doing so. Because he didn't receive treatment, he would self medicate with alcohol. This June 17, he went to work as a construction worker and had another episode after a night of drinking. He suffered a heart attack and died. This is one reason I think mental health awareness is very important because it can save lives. This disorder untreated not only was partially the cause for my father's death, but it also took away so many years of his life where instead of living, he was suffering in the hands of his disorder.
I don’t have schizophrenia but I had a week of hallucinations after getting poisoned . It was so real I still can’t make out what was real that time and what wasn’t. It was visual, hearing and tactile hallucinations, involving not just 1-2 characters but the whole set up, me driving to different places while I was just sitting on hospital bed talking to someone. It was insane
So brave to talk about it 😮🧠👀 10:12
14:40 I love Criminal Minds, but ya gotta admit that there's a lot of serial killers on that show that are only serial killers because they're schizophrenic. I quickly looked at the wiki for the show and there are 12. So yeah.
For anyone that has been constantly hearing things and cannot stand it, i did for 2+ years constantly (vivid cosmic angelic beings/ songs and also demonic beings/songs)...and it went away without medication. I worked on just being as healthy as I could and keeping my stress low. Please don't feel like you are doomed and it never will go away. Try to just stay as positive as you can and not panic, and try to maintain as calm and peaceful a life as you can.
these people are so strong and brave for being able to talk about these things
Schizophrenia is a myth
So as a new CNA, i love seeing things like this. Its helps me understand from the people who can actually communicate as most of my patients cannot. I like hearing from people and understand more. I have had many incounters with both dementia and schizophrenia and i find it so intersting. Its something like i wanna make sure i understand.
I'm schizophrenic,  I'm rewatching this, I watched it first when it came out, I never thought of using a phone camera to check visual hallucinations, I've been using it to check and my friend noticed and he says he's going to buy me a Polaroid camera to do it 😂
I got an ad for the new Exorcist movie on this video. I feel like YouTube should be more careful with ad placements lol.
Idk if I have  schizophrenia but I do feel  bugs crawling on me or black figures in the corner of my eye
Forgive me on my ignorance but does she mean by new years attempt 18:06
What I'd that's just what the girls in the Salem witch trials had, I mean ppl back then believed a bunch of children who where GIRLS
Go to church...
Anybody see the third person that Anthony was interviewing? What happened to that guy? I'm serious, if you pause the video in some places you can see a black man with red headphones. I wanna hear his story too, what happened to him?
WAit who is the 3rd guy in the end this feels like schizoing me now who is that why isnt he in the description but in the end scenes
Did you guys edit in the guy with the glasses and red headphones as a schizophrenia-related prank? He appeared multiple times throughout this video for a couple of seconds and but I didn’t hear him speak.
fucking skitzos
It would be awesome to have a VR game that can show how hallucinations are actually like
I believe consciousness isn't located in the brain, but the brain is merely a receiver for consciousness.  Consciousness is a frequency that is broadcasted through the entire universe, and brains are tuned to receive it. These people, I believe, have an error in receiving consciousness information properly through their brains, and they might have information gaps in their consciousness, which the brain then tries to fill out. Like an AI trying to draw an image. The brain will try to make up for what is missing, which in turn result in the hallucinations and delusions. That's a possibility Another possibility is that their brain might not be perfectly tuned to the right frequencies of the crisp reality. Like radio static. Both of these possible causes have to do with brainwaves.  If brainwaves are out of order, we can work on brain health to alleviate and hopefully the symptoms. Do they get enough fattyacids? Omega-3, 6 and 9? DHA and EPA? That would be a start, cause those compounds are building blocks for new neurons. Combined with Lions mane mushroom, which promotes neurogenesis, there's a part of the treatment plan. I believe intermittent fasting, the right diet treatment and a bunch of other methods might be able to cure people from this horrible experience. If anyone wants to know more, just answer the comment, ill type what I've gathered through the years.
I feel like I understand what it’s like to be schizophrenic after doing shrooms lol
i feel like i have the symptoms of schizophrenia but im still unsure if it's something else
whats interesting is i have paranoid schizophrenia and also see a clown and spiders
i have auditory processing issues and get auditory hallucinations from time to time, its definitely different than the "voice inside your head"
me and my friend used to be huge drug users. I developed a lot of problems with derealization, and thought i was the unlucky one, but he has recently developed a terrible schizophrenia.
Thanks very much for helping people understand this condition.  In my life, it manifested in friends around the ages 16-25 (7 friends and co-workers!).   I'm so grateful that 20-30 years later, thanks to treatment, love, and community support, all of them are still with us.
Once i had voices begin like this and seeing shadow people.. but it was associate with taking adipex weight loss stimulant.  It went away after a month or two after stopping the meds.  Freaky is all i can say to explain.. everything i heard or saw or thought was absolutely real to me.  Then one time only in my whole life i had an episode of sleep paralysis where i saw a clown beside my bed at eye level laughing at me lol.  Got myself moving and havent saw it since.  Bern years now.  Anyway.. just my small experiences with something maybe similar.  Its as real as talk to a real person.. weird.
spend a day with british people
Joe Hawley
Dude. Learning that schizophrenia is not the two-personalities thing makes me feel like my education was hella lacking.
Lol. Who is that third person at 19:40? Why was he not in the video? This feels like a prank, haha!
I don’t have schizophrenia but one time I had a  hallucination of a dog tail popping up at the end of my bed
Why are the voices usually so dark? Is there ever a voice that is encouraging and kind? 😢
Sounds like they are seeing/hearing ghosts/spirits/demons
What if theyre right and theyre caught in a differe t di.ension these pepple are just experiencing more realms than us at once imo
At 11.05 there’s a dude who’s not been in the video did he get cutout or something like that
At the 11:05 mark there is someone who was cut out. Does anyone know why?
I have multiple sclerosis and during my pain management therapy, my doctor was trying different medications to bring me to the threshold of how much would help me with my pain. As the doses increased, I began to have auditory hallucinations, and instead of it scaring me, I laid-back and relaxed and listened to what I was hearing and I realized what continued to keep playing over and over in my ears was something I had heard on the TV earlier that day during a program.
Um... Who's the dude at 11:05?
My mom is schizophrenic and she has been hospitalized as of yesterday and I'm really struggling with the emotional stress of trying to be there for her and support her the right way. But it's so hard when she thinks someone is raping me because that's what her "voices" tell her and loads of other awful things and I'm truly struggling with this. Is there any advice literally ANYONE can give me? I'm truly at the end of my rope I know that sounds selfish to say but the emotional stress that she has been putting me under is literally starting to affect my mental health and physical health. I'm truly scared of losing my mom... Any helpful advice would be enormously preciated. Thank you.
Who was the dude at the end when he was something the guests
I almost had a heart attack when they talked about hallucinating spiders a lot.   For a couple of weeks now I have a full-on spider invasion at home. I just killed a disgusting one the size of a cigarette filter like 5min before started watching this.  I stopped the video, run the fastest I can to the spot I killed that spider and checked whether the body and the signs of our battle are still there.   For a second there I thought that the neighbor I asked to kill the biggest fucking spider I ever saw (I was too scared to do it) was just being nice to me when he acknowledged the spider is there and proceeded to kill it.
As a sleep paralysis sufferer I can relate to this but it only happens to me rarely, and obviously when I’m sleeping. My doctor kinda described it as a switch that gets stuck between REM sleep and your waking state. But no one really knows why people people hallucinate. You basically *think* you’re awake but can’t move. Typically this is followed by intense hallucinations. When the guy describes voices speaking close to his ear I really related to that. It’s terrifying. I wonder if schizophrenia and SP are correlated in anyway.
As someone with schizophrenia they explained it so well especially when he said that you can’t tell if it’s real or not
Wait there is this person displayed here 19:39, but he wasn't interviewed?
pot can induce psychosis
sick edit wtf
wrestling with demons
I got diagnosed with this and I googled the origin and its a German word that means psychology thats different than normal. So that didnt help but in a way yes
I used to have visual and auditory halutinations(I just ignored it and it went away) ez money 😎  edit: im really lucky
Anyone else think he sounded might Texan when he said “mAh name is anthonY PediYA”
He ain’t the Doom Slayer. 15:39
I am pretty sure I have this
THANK YOU, from a mental health care, providers perspective, for addressing that DID and schizophrenia are not the same thing!!!
Schizophrenia and related disorders exist on a spectrum.  Not everyone will retain the same level of insight, cognitive ability, social skills, or emotional regulation. I wish that everyone afflicted with such a condition saw the same level of outcomes and retention of faculty as those individuals interviewed…  But it also could be a danger to hold everybody with schizophrenia, or schizoaffective disorder up to the standards of these individuals, in terms of control over their own behavior and insight - some people need more consistent, even invasive, help. There is no soapbox “right answer” here for every person with these conditions.  I wish there were, but all I can say is that each person’s lived experience is valid.  Pain and distress are real, no matter the underlying understanding (or lack thereof) of their causes.
11:04 WHO TF IS THAT ( if you dont see it put video in slow speed)
With my personal experience, I haven't been diagnosed but I think I do have it. I see shadow figures and I hear my name being called all the time out in public and at work. But I don't have extreme hallucinations like these two talked about. And most of the time the things I see happen at home. It's a shadow peeking around at me from behind my TV at night, sometimes I see it in my peripheral in public but that's it. I don't have major delusions either. Sometimes I feel bugs crawl on me and nothing's there. And I think recently I've seen bugs in my room that aren't really there. But it's not disturbing my life in big ways, so if I do have it I don't really need to rush to get this figured out if this is what it really is. At the same time I can't really tell anyone I have it because it's not official, so I don't have anyone to talk to about it. I mention it to close friends that I think I have it and they've luckily been receptive to it and haven't treated me any different. Anyway, I'm just putting this here cause this feels like a safe place to put this out since I haven't talked about it like this to anyone. Maybe I can get advice on if I should pursue some action on a diagnosis if this is familiar to anyone that is diagnosed cause I'm kinda on the fence about it.
all those who suffer from schizophrenia....this is beautiful don't feel bad about it..i wanna be a psychiatrist nd I will work for it nd in my opinion all this disorders or syndrome they are beautiful you are beautiful🤍💗
I’m autistic and deaf in one ear. As far as I know, I’m nowhere on the schizophrenia spectrum, but as long as I can remember, I’ve been hearing and seeing “not real” things, but they’re nearly always benign and never human. Most often, they’re just little animals, cats and dogs and like that. It’s not normally bothersome except while driving. I’ve been pulled over more than once at night for swerving or braking suddenly, but the explanation of “I thought I saw an animal in the road” is not uncommon in somewhat-rural Georgia. I’ve often wondered if it should worry me, but I have a lot more, larger mental health issues to be concerned about so I just go on with my life. I’d certainly rather brake over nothing than run the risk of hurting some critter!
It's insane seeing how a lot of the people with mental disorders are just so much smarter than average to the point where a 12 years old kid will talk like an adult and think very far. Idk why but it's evidence that they aren't useless (in fact it's the exact opposite) and you shouldn't ignore them!
11:04 was there another person that got cut out of the video?
Not to downplay the struggles, but hey physical reality isn’t all that, you aren’t missing out lol
Nice try, Anthony. We know you're a fed. They're in the walls.
Very informative video
Wow, this is crazy, Cecilia literally lives in a horror movie and is still you can feel her positivity. I don't watch horror movies I'd lose it.
What’s the difference btwn. Schizophrenia and bipolar? And are the voices always negative and destructive? Do some ppl. get positive voices?   Yeah, I always felt being possessed as a mental disorder and not a demonic possession.
Im trying to learn more about schizophrenia and wondering what the difference compared to bipolar?!
I'm pretty sure I don't have schizophrenia but I do get some sort off 'hallucinations' of bugs. I've hated bugs my whole life and most of the time when i'm stressed or in a panic sort of state I see a ton of bugs on the surface that i'm walking on, or if i'm laying in bed, they're under me, besides me, EVERYWHERE. What triggers this to be worse is seeing an actual bug in my house, for instance, yesterday I was laying in bed, watching youtube on my laptop (it was night, so it was very dark). I saw through the laptop's light a cockroach's antennas on top of the laptop which led me in a shock sort of state, I jumped out of the bed, turned on the lights on to make sure I wasn't seeing things. It was running on my bed, which caused me to panic. I did kill it but after seeing an actual cockroach, neither could I fall asleep, neither could I stop seeing and feeling the bugs that aren't there crawl on my skin. Mostly these 'small' triggers cause me to see bugs everywhere and it's hard to snap out of it, every time I burst into tears because I cannot detect if they're actually there or if i'm seeing things. After killing that cockroach I wasn't sure if it was real or not until I saw it's dead body in the morning (sometimes after killing a bug I leave it on the floor to make sure the next morning if it was real or not in hopes of understanding if the next bug is actually real). Honestly all it has done for now is just let me know if the bugs i've killed were real, I haven't cracked the 'code' that would help me understand if the 'hallucinations' are just hallucinations or reality. This has been happening to me since I was very young but mostly when I had a fever or high temperature. Other cases would be when i'd try to fix the bed during the night to my 'expectations' as I have ocd, it was never good enough, so i'd get frustrated and keep moving to fix the bed, which would cause my body's temperature to rise. That's exactly when i'd start seeing bugs on my bed and I'm talking MASSIVE colonies of bugs.
I used to think that nazis were after me because I was the “chosen one” for some reason idk
11:05 I hallucinated a black man
Kody talking about touching people to find out if they’re real hit a note with me. I’m not a violent person but during high school I used to punch people(softly of course) and so I got the nickname “most violent pacifist”. Then I got diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder and it started to make sense almost
Sadly my grandma experiences extreme schizophrenia and I remember one time for my brothers birthday she bought him a guitar but this guitar went to a video game but we did not even have a video game remotely related to music. And not to mention my brother didn't even like playing music.
My curiosity is reaching to the point where i would want to see those delusions and hallucinations once in my life ... Does anyone feel this too or am i having a problem?
I think there's a possibility I have it, but I'm not sure. It could just be my anxiety that causes me to see things that aren't there
“Right at your finger tits” 😂😂😂😂
why at 6:49 there was a random guy that was cut from the video?
today is the day i've realized i may have schizophrenia, i used to have hallucinations as a small child of skeletons, i regularly feel like someone is poking at me, i hear static-sounding ringing a bit, sometimes i think im dreaming, and i regularly get paranoia and i see things outside my window at night. thank you for these videos, you're helping a lot of people
World according to America
Loved Cecilia's interviews she did with Special Books by Special Kids, he did two and in the first interview she couldn't even make any eye contact. Glad to see how well she is doing now.
My brother has this. It's been 20 years. I learn new things every day. His delusions were extremely scary in the beginning.  He thought he had accidentally murdered people and that the police were after him. He thought a sheriff came to our door and threw a human head at him and told him he did it. So he was scared of anyone in a uniform. He couldn't ride in a car, bc he would flip out if we drove by a cop. He was so scared. This was how his delusions and hallucinations began. We were lost as a family.  He felt extreme guilt thinking he had accidentally hurt someone. We at first thought maybe he had hurt someone. We didn't know it was delusions. But the more bizarre he started acting, we realized that something was very wrong. It's a very complex disorder. I wish people understood the daily fear people with this disorder go through daily.  Many people with this disorder unfortunately end their lives bc of how traumatic their condition can be. :(
but why schizophrenic people dont hallucinate positive thing?
Is this how I found out I'm schizophrenic
Did anyone else notice a third guy on the screen in the outro
Bro thesenoises gave me schizophrenia
He should do an episode on Schizoid Personality. Not enough people know about that. Not sure if those with the condition would be willing to go on though...
11:15 this is an EXCELLENT advice. Can also help to differentiate whether you're dreaming or actually awake. Phones, TV's, mirrors don't work correctly in dreams/hallucinations
11:23 bro, ngl, that is scary
I have extreme visual hallucinations, its not really like scary creatures anymore but its people, i cant distinguish them from everyday people (most likely caused by my social anxiety) but i made friends with one of my hallucinations and i remembered this video, i pulled out my phone camera and they werent showing up, i had the worst panic attack ive had in a long time lmao, good advice though, it works  (I dont like admitting this but its online so what the fuck, my schizophrenia went untreated for years and caused me to get psychopathy, im getting treatment currently so im getting better but its been tough)
kody looks like that guy from mr beast
I have a guy friend who had Schizophrenia and i want to help him but i don't know how can someone tell me what I can do??
That phone trick is really interesting!
shame all these people with mental problems think they are "possessed" because of bollocks religions peddling their bullshit
i’ve had delusions it’s not fun i never thought it was schizophrenia because it had only happened a couple times but i was extremely dehydrated
What in the world happened at 11:05?! Was that on purpose because of the topic or is it a genuine mistake?!
Notice how their hallucinations and delusions are negative, why aren’t there positive things, like something whispering “everyone loves you” “buy this gift and give it to someone”. It just makes me think why isn’t schizophrenia considered possession or being influenced by demons? I would advice for everyone to move close to the presence of God and surround each other with good hearted people. Be blessed and be the blessing.
How do they know they aren't hallucinating now? They seem to know too much about their own surroundings to be delusional or schizophrenic.
I do not have schizophrenia  .... I have been tested .... now for tge weird part .....   I've had so many occurrences in my own lifetime    that unfolded  , I'm  now 64 .  My life started this way , I  had a life challenging and changing medical  experience at the age of 3 months  in 1959 in Northern Italy , I had my first U.F.O. encounter in 1965 , then again , in 1969 , then again , in 1972 , then again , in 1975 , a long lasting paranormal experience in 1991 , another U.F.O. encounter in 1995 (with video and 2 pics. )  and , another paranormal encounter in 2002 , and my last encounter with a light being in 2018.  The information gathered from those encounters is staggering  , and I have cataloged it all...
6:20 if only they knew...
as an man who was diagnosed with schizophrenia its refreshing to hear others experience  and to hear conformable words from my community i cry day and night wondering why i was given this condition contemplating on staying alive on earth.
it really sucks that horror movies made all their vicious murderer villains "psychos"
I know I shouldn't bring humour into this. But Cecilia hallucinating clowns hahaha that's so funny
A lot of people are talking about the guy with red headphones who has only a few frames in the video interspliced here and there.   My theory is that for some reason, after the video was posted Anthony or/and Red Headphone guy for some reason felt it was right to take him out of the video.   Since the video was already up, Anthony would have had to use Youtubes video editor which is known for being very poorand choppy, explaining the rough, seemingly bad/lazy editing cuts.  Whatever reason remember to respect that Anthony felt it was right so probably best to not luck too much into it ❤
He spent a Day with them.  You guys spent an interview with them. I/ we Live with it..... So just..... Be killed?... ig.... I'm trying to sort us out.... I'll be okay. ❤😅 Autocorrect nooooooo..... Kind Kind Not killed Oh no..... 😂😅
I'm baaaaaaaack~~~~ lmfao ❤
I told my partner that I was just diagnosed schizophrenic and three days later he started nastily calling 'schizo'. I hadn't done anything. It's very hurtful.
To be very honest i have superpowers and can read mind
I’ll never understand how people are scared of clowns
Who... who is the person at 19:33?? He wasn't in the episode but he is in the end like, sum up part.
and it still is treated as pessession here in indonesia like its fucking disgusting
Ive noticed people think people with schizophrenia are violent, but there's been studies done and they're not any more likely to be violent than a "normal" person.
I remember watching this video when it was released. I specifically watched it because at the time I thought I might be schizophrenic and I wanted to hear from other people with schizophrenia about their symptoms to see if I might be right. I realized that I had similar symptoms but not all the same.  This video, alongside another video by another creator actually made me talk about it with my psychiatrist. And in the beginning she refused to even look into it, though she knew I've had hallucinations since I was a kid. Eventually however she came to realize that I have Schizoaffective disorder and I was diagnosed with it. Today 2 different psychiatrist have assured me that I have this "illness". The reason for this is because I still get in denial and think I might have imagined everything as I am on meds and don't experience the symptoms as much.  Also, I must say that it is a bit sad how many people get afraid when you mention this, as most people know it from horror movies and only see the very worst side of it.
We didn't really see very much of that one dude
I wonder if the mind would warp  around technological advancements. Like the guy mentions that his hallucinations wouldn't show up on his camera phone, but would the brain eventually learn that trick?
3:53 Bro im 17 im still scared of the closet😭 that shit made me turn on my night light ngl💀
My mum has this disorder. I was a child when my mum wasn’t diagnosed so some of her episodes were pretty scary to see. She had moments where she fainted because she got scared of hallucinations and my dad had to collect her. Other moments where she had episodes in the house because she thought the room was spinning. She would sometimes shout at seemingly nothing. I’m glad to say her meds have helped a lot. Because of the mental history with my family I was tested and thankfully I don’t have it
Yeah I have that not as bad as them  instead of hearing it outside it is more of internal battle  and sometimes it  can be more of little bit of both and I felt and feel differently compared to everyone in my life it ran into my family  my dad was the worst but they diagnosed me at 8 or 9 years old
This disorder sounds extremely scary. My heart goes out to everyone who struggles with Schizophrenia. <3 Kody's story about how he thought his life was a dream hit hard because I struggle with almost the same thing basically. I wouldn't say I'm Schizophrenic though. its more of a Derealization thing. Anyways, my point is, I sort of understand what delusions feel like.
If you were noise-canceling headphones, would you still hear auditory hallucinations?
im prone to hallucinations with my depression and some delusions too, i have witnessed people close to me trying to end their l1ves. im better with medication, but i am still worried that i will develop schizophrenia or related disorder when im older
I wonder if the schizophrenia experience is like having sleep paralysis hallucinations. If anybody experiences both, I'd love to know your thoughts!
I am Schizophrenic. Thank you for bringing attention to this horrible disease.
This is honestly really scary to think!
These people communicate well with schizophrenia When I was younger I used to have hallucinations. The hallucinations went away on their own, but I have great difficulty making sense in my speech, so I stay to myself and have become very lonely 20:16
i see ¨shadow people¨ or ¨demons¨ as i called them before i wanted to call them shadow people to make myself more comfy.. it can cause panic and can actually be really scary.. dont tell me you see them or ¨maybe he/it is real.. only makes it worse.
Aren’t you the guy from smosh
I could not find anyone commenting on this, and even though it might sound confusing due to the topic, I really want to ask who the guy with the red headphones is at 11:03 popping in for split second..! :D
8:25 ah yes “fingertits”
Dont watch this at night
My moms uncle had Schizophrenia. I never knew him, as he died in '73, and I was born in '07. He had 2 attempts on suicide, and never had to do a third. He tried both times (and succeeded the second) to get hit by trains.
My mother was schizophrenic. She passed away in 2009 and I’ve avoided learning much about it because my own experiences with my mom really scared me as a kid, and made me feel so helpless to help her. You all did a fantastic job at clearing some of my confusion up. Especially you, Cecilia. Thanks you guys so much
If you ever feel like doing a sequel please hit me up.  I have Schizoaffective Disorder and frequently go into Manic Psychotic Episodes. Ohh and I also refuse to take any anti psychotics or mood enhancers, Ive accepted who I am and how my mind works Choosing to live in a world full of magical and fantastic things then to live my life within the socially accepted confines of a tiny box people are comfortable with.
This reminds me of this one guy in my old school started calling me schizo out of nowhere, and when i asked him about it he said it was because it looked like i was talking to someone that wasnt there, then i told him i was just singing along to a song i was listening to. So to some people that see this, please dont just call people schizo out of nowhere.
I always find it so interesting to listen to other schizophrenics experiences.   I was diagnosed as schizophrenic at the end of 2021, after a four month long psychotic episode that I have absolutely no recollection of. But I've been told a lot about it and it was pretty.   Ive been dealing with it since i was a little girl. My first experience was in first grade, in the cafeteria at school. I kept hearing my name, like a whisper, but above all the noise and talking of the other kids, like it was right there in my ear. And I remember i kept asking people if they were hearing my name and everyone was confused. And i looked around the cafeteria and in the center of the room, jesus was just standing there with this warm glowing light, calling my name. That didnt affect me much, I thought it was strabge but i moved on. Then i was convinced i was the child of Poseidon for years, powers and all. And my best friend thought it was real, we spent a lot of time at the beach and he'd say "Jynx, ask him for bigger waves"- that sounds so silly but i truly believed had the ability to directly speak to Poseidon. By high school i was having terrible tactile and visual hallucinations surrounding bugs. I would cut my skin open to try and dig them out, or burn myself to try and kill them. I saw bugs everywhere, i would scrub my skin absolutely raw trying to cleanse myself, i took four showers a day. It was bad enough that my gynecologist refused any implants (the ones in the arm or IUDs) because of my history- she was worried i would have an episode and rip it out of my body.   As an adult, its gotten even worse. I see glitches in reality and can see underneath what they show us. Sometimes I'm taken to another world where everything looks the same, but its very different, and someone is experiment on me. Sometimes the people around me are replaced. Sometimes I believe I'm dead and I'm just a corpse. Sometimes my arms arent mine, they belong to someone else and someone sewed them on my body, and they did it backwards and its so physically discomforting and so scary that i start to feel massive urges to cut my limbs off.   The worst part, for me, is that i can never, ever trust my own version of reality. Even medicated. I have to question everything. Is this person real? Is that a real bug? Is my skin itching because of something physical or mental? Did that stop light actually turn green/red or am I about to cause an accident and die? Every piece of my universe has to be fact checked by someone else in order for me to feel safe.
19:34 who is this and why were they cut out of the episode?
That camera tactic is really smart!
Kody the dripler
anthony who tf are you speaking to?
Am I hallucinating or there actually was  a 3rd guest in the outro who we didn't saw speaking in the rest of the epispde?
Sheesh bro these people deal with clowns in there room and i get scared by a coat in the corner when im sleeping
When I was 15, I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia. When I was 12, I complained to my parents abt hallucinations and hearing things, random sickness, and horrible anxiety. It happened out of nowhere. My friend said that I have most “symptoms” of schizophrenia, and I begged my parents to get me tested. It took 3 YEARS of begging for them to cave in, and that’s because they were annoyed, and what do you know, I had it. I just wish that my parents would’ve listened because I spiraled into severe depression, PTSD, and anxiety. I’m never going to get those 3 years back, but parents, if your kids are complaining about something, please listen
I don’t think I have this- but I’m not sure
19:33 & 19:39 - who is this and why wasn't he in the video? 🤔
This channel is definitely helpful.
I have schizophrenia :( and i'm nine i think i have schizophrenia or my house is super fricking haunted after all while my dad blessed our new house my attic was not opening after i went in that attic and the light shut off and there was a red light i was scared i thought i was going to die and i heard voices so i got Fricking scared...this is a true story☹😣😞😩😫
3:20 Tells me what to do? What? Do ppl have a voice giving them orders in their head??
This is why I hate being sober and I hate spider and I'm glad it's only been small spiders for now NO BIG ONES
this video got me to look into schizophernia and my dad has it and now i know more abou it i think i may have it and im going to ask some one about it
Saw a tiktok from a woman who has schizophrenia and she works at a bakery, she had a laughing attack at the end of the day when she realized she had apparently offered her hallucinations free cookies when she found cookies wraped in gift paper on the floor xD
11:05 LOL who is that!?
So I got a question about the visual ones. If u try to touch a like imaginary person, it doesn‘t work right? Bcs I got kinda confused about Kody saying stuff of an hallucination giving him scissors in his hands, but afterwards talking about him testing it by grabbing ppl. So he can‘t touch a hallucination right?
Here is a thought. What if all these disorders are actually signs in people the matrix is breaking apart. Think on this. Mental disorders may be a window to truth about what is really going on too.
who was the person that was removed?
God I feel bad for my friend who was actually diagnosed with schizophrenia. For him, it started for him at 12-13 and it started out as voices speaking to him in his head. Like he thought it was actual people talking, but it wasn't. It slowly shifted to visual hallucinations and he had to sit in a dark room in his house for a few days. I am so grateful he has medication for it now. Cannot imagine how terrifying that is.
“I respond to all of the above” ok Schizo.
After watching this, I did some more research on schizophrenia...I think I'm schizophrenic
I think my parents know I have schizophrenia because I have heard, seen, and felt things that aren't there. I see shadow creatures and two girls named Hannah and Aven who are complete opposites. At first i thought I was crazy but seeing this video has helped me a lot with further discovering my schizophrenia! So thank you! I also love your videos!!
🤯
Who is the guy at 19:33 is he on the episode?
the demon part is top 💙
Great content! I just found this channel and really like how you talk with the people and just try to understand what they're going through in a compassionate way no matter the subjuct. My heart goes out to all these folks who suffer with things most of us have little knowledge of.
I dunno i feel like this sounds spiritually connected somehow🤔
Try 7 days in an asylum
I room with someone with schizophrenia, and their delusions manifested strongest when tired, stressed, alone, and just not alert to keep check of their delusions themselves. Meaning a lot of times the episodes I'm aware of come on in the middle of the night and they're screaming in their room because they wake up thinking someone is attacking and choking them or our house is on fire and they're trapped in.  If I'm around and awake during an episode, I try to use my best calm voice to call their name, ask them to hold my hand and let's walk to the kitchen to get some water or go outside for some resh air, slowly talk them through how to unlock their bedroom door to begin with, crack some light jokes to distract her, things like that. I've asked them before if there's anything I can do to help, but they weren't very comfortable talking about it so I didn't ask again beyond letting them know I'll take any feedback whenever wherever.  But I'm glad to hear from this video that acting normal, calm, and not overreacting IS a good way to help. I didn't mess up or make it worse in any case haha. But they're really a sweetheart and I could never imagine them harming a single soul.
if anyone here experiences schizophrenic symptoms, i'd like to hear if you have thoughts on the matter of how to be supportive of people who are experiencing disorganized thinking and/or hallucinations while retaining healthy boundaries. i've been volunteering with the houseless community for a few years now so i've encountered a lot of neurodivergent and schizophrenic people, and have had a couple partners who have schizophrenic symptoms. as a neurotypical person who wants to show my solidarity and support, i want to be as empathetic as possible, but honestly it gets to be pretty uncomfortable and emotionally draining when i'm locked in conversation with someone who is speaking incoherently to me for an extended period of a time.  i've had to just walk away from people directly engaging me sharing nonsensical, erratic or delusional thoughts, in a way that felt rude and insensitive, just for my own mental health. i want to be respectful and helpful, but i need to have boundaries to manage my energy and anxiety. it just seems like a very gray area that is hard to set. does anyone have experiences or thoughts with this?
I bet 90% of people are here to see them get scared by a wall
im 13 and i have 2 chronic paranoid schizophrenics in my family and i have something my case worker calls early psychosis and i have auditory hallucinations and i see people and things other people don’t see, i also have delusions and all this can be extremely scary i have been on medication but it didn’t work out for me. what im saying is a lot of people don’t  understand and that’s ok and it’s really hard to explain, everyone in this video did an amazing job of talking about it
i was diagnosed with schizophrenia at 11 and i even though im 2 years late to this who cares? i highly appreciate you for making this kind of video to find out more to schizophrenia and what its like.
I’ve had multiple people in my life who were paranoid schizophrenic. One of them is one of the ones who people are scared of because it makes it hard for them to function normally at all. But to me they had a beautiful mind that was beyond their diagnosis. They made beautiful music. They were like family to me. It breaks my heart and I miss them more than words can describe. They’re living states away now under constant supervision.
12 seconds in, and yes
A while ago I thought my brother had schizophrenia. He was having delusions, visual and auditory hallucinations, and serious paranoia. He thought he was on the Truman show, and the whole world was watching him, he thought the cops were going to arrest him, or even kill him, despite him not engaging in any criminal activity, and he thought that everyone knew him, and celebrities were talking about him, watching him, writing songs about him, etc. Any weird coincidence that had any relevance to what was going on with him became more proof that everything he said was real. He accused me and our parents of being in on it, that we sold him out for money and let people secretly film him. It was pretty messed up. Nothing could convince him otherwise, I tried talking rationally to him for hours, many times over the course of months. I even took apart all our TVs just to try to prove to him that they didn’t have cameras hidden inside them. Anyway, it turned out he was taking some supplements he bought online. Don’t trust those astronaut drugs, brain enhancers, or dietary supplements pills, they are junk Russian drugs that aren’t rigorously tested, that only God and Putin know what the hell is actually in them. He specifically took phenibut. He apparently took them for years and had no adverse reactions, and then it started negatively affecting his memory, (ironic, since it claims to stimulate memory and thought) and he would forget he took them and end up taking even more of them. The doctors had no idea what it was, and he saw like 5 of them, until I found a bottle and had a hunch and looked up the side effects and they were spot on. He ended up going to a psych ward for a short time, and he got better. He’s mostly good now, other than spending a lot of time thinking about how crazy the whole experience was, it’s definitely affected him. I’m just glad I got my brother back. I just wanted to warn everybody to stay away from that garbage. It makes me wonder how many people might be in the psych ward, right now, diagnosed with disorders like schizophrenia just because they took some crap and didn’t know what was in it, and the effects mimic schizophrenia pretty much perfectly, and doctors don’t seem to know anything about this. I still don’t think the doctors would’ve figured it out on their own to this day. It’s not a well known issue. Careful what you ingest, and be safe out there yall.
Schizophrenia people are awesome am glad they’ll here😊❤❤
schizos should be locked up. they're a danger to normal people
I myself have schizophrenia and dealt with it since I was 8 years old. I’m 21 now and I deal with paranoid schizophrenia which is a type of schizophrenia. Every single day it’s like a prison for me and many others who deal with this horrible decapitating illness. One day I hope we can find better treatments or possibly maybe a cure.
What if schizophrenia isn't a disease, but consciousness capable of receiving information from another plane? Like, what if everything is real in that moment but your average person just doesn't pick up on it? Something similar to a radio picking up different radio frequencies?
It’s really easy.  I rebuke the hallucination in Jesus name.
I had a roommate that had schizophrenia.
You should do one with people that have sleep paralysis! Would be super interesting 🙏☺️
I think it would be good if anthony talked about how you should talk about delusions I've heard that a lot of times when schitzophrenic people talk with each other sometiems they hear about someone else's delusion and think 'that makes sense' and htis may make the situation even worse.
Nikola tesla was schizophrenic
Anyone else date someone with it? I wonder if I should be worried and have children with them? They seem fairly stable and use injections as treatment..
Not trying to make Fun of anyone, but Cody’s delusion is literally a plot in inception
I'm here to say, the possession of demons IS the answer to this"disease". Regardless if I'm schizoaffective, in my sane moments I know without a doubt that demons masks behind this disease. Believe it people
I believe that I induced schizophrenia for about three days when I broke through with DMT. I gotta tell you the stories that your mind plays for you about the everyday paranoia, the clay faced people, the alien abductions, the flickering light that are code for morse code. It is all very stressful. With it being in your head, you are the only one who is capable of controlling it.  I simply created in my head a scenario that even though the greys were after me, I decided that the tall whites were looking over me. The peace of mind that gave me was amazing.      I’m back to normal now. I realised that every single person struggles with something in their life. No one is given a free ride to the end of their natural life.   The conscious versus the subconscious is the last battle.
11:05 💀💀💀
Off topic but somewhere between 11:05 and 11:06 you see a random flash of another dude and it really threw me off lmao
11:05
New sub. Just wanted to say I enjoy this channel since I've found it. However I don't think I will ever get used to him randomly crashing thru the ceiling 😂
Cant waif for i spent a day with kim jong wu
Who was the 3rd guy with a headphone and glasses? 😅. 19:38
Anthony I know these comments probably get drowned out but I just need you to know that you’ve had a really positive impact. I’m so proud of you doing your own thing and being you it makes me so happy that you can have these super well edited videos that make me feel like I’m not othered or weird you’re so genuine and kind and you seem like you really care. Thank you
I remember having just what i felt was a real life . An not knowing i was stressed to badly an all of a sudden no warning going into a full blown  psychosis.....i heard the voices an i belived in there delusions an i couldn't control it . I even thought i was in a coma too . An dreaming . An my delusions were crazy . I thought my body an my head were to separate things an if i feel asleep i wouldnt be able to breath that id have to let my body rest then i could sleep when my body was awake ... 🤦 It was freaky . I felt like a separate thing inside my body . I often stayed awake for three says at a time. I couldnt feel pain so id hurt myself an think it was cool . An the voices were often dark but more protecters of me . An would tell me my family are all gonna die an the house was going to blow up an wanted me to turn on all the switches an take my kids an leave. I remember stealing money from my family an been told someone was going to come get me an my kids an take us way from them . An i even packed my stuff an threw out allot of my stuff 😢.  An it did scare my family so they did what they only could do was have me hospitalized. But the voices made me trick the doctors into thinkng i was fine an they released me . But little did anyone know ...was i was in this psychosis for about 6 months . I learnt to hide it well ... An now im left with a broken family an ptsd an my nervous system was affected . Along with scars on my body from hurting myself . An it just makes me sad knowing this is someone's normal an condition they have to manage full time . I wouldnt wish it on anyone an thars because i had that life experience .
11:05 who is that
Me watching the schizophrenic kid dap up the air and say whats up
People should be educated on psychosis and mental disabilities so we can all be more understanding
I think people are used to hearing about unmedicated people with schizophrenia which makes it scary. I'm so glad you both have good supports and are living your best lives.
my grandpa has schizophrenia. i know hes ok but he tends to go off the grid when in a episode. its been a few years since i last saw him since he lives far away. i miss him.
This guy has sociopath/james corden vibes
Never have I felt more seen and validated. I dealt with all this myself basically. I just got diagnosed today and like one of them said, I'm not letting it define me.   Im just a nOrMaL person who just wants to be on medication and work my 40 hours of work and play my flute and cuddle with my Blahaj.
i know this is an old video, but i’m rewatching them lol. Anthony, you NEED to do a video on bpd or bipolar
What her waste size
Anthony you better not be a ho.special are I end career
Mr beast
Why do they keep showing that  black guy that was interviewed but we never hear from him?
just no one see that random man at 11:05 like where did he come from?
My dad has paranoid schizophrenia & he’s never had auditory or visual hallucinations but he does have paranoia & delusions.
11:04 who was that???
I love how every person interviewed is so incredibly educated when questioned. I’ve learned so much because of how seriously the questions are taken
I’m always afraid I’ll become schizophrenic. I have such high anxiety about it 🫣
0:43 😭🤣💀
My brother developed schizophrenia at a very early age. He was 12 when they first started and he was diagnosed at 16. He’s described some of the things he sees and hears and it is very scary. Thank you for bringing up this topic
all of them look schizophrenic anyways
My mom has schizophrenia.  I used to be a heavy believer in the supernatural. Now I don't fucking know what I believe in 😂. But every time I hear about Schizophrenic hallucinations and shit. I get more skeptical about the supernatural. 😅
My great aunt had schizophrenia and was shunned and outcast her whole life.  I'm so grateful we've come a long way in the past few years.
I had a psychotic break once in my life before.  I remember voices for around 4minutes, I can sympathise and understand the struggles one one who experiences these hallucinations. I couldn’t imagine the fear someone would experience, constantly.  I also have a lot of respect for their will power, and the ability to not let their disorders control their live.
As someone with schizoaffective disorder, and severe BPD previously misdiagnosed as DID, thank you for all the work you’re doing to normalize people like me.
Who is the dude at the end of the epuside?😭😭
Hopefully someone can give me some advice. So I think someone I recently became friends with has schizophrenia. I don't think she realizes it and she seems to have been having symptoms for at least 10 years from what I could tell from her descriptions. I didn't know this side about her until recently and it came from left field, so I don't know how to react. How do I bring this up to her? Do I even bring it up? I feel like she might resist if I say anything about having a disorder. But I feel sad for her as I can see how her paranoia has had debilitating effects on her life, and I hope she can get treatment to help her move past this difficult period because it's affecting her ability to work. Just not sure how to breach this potentially sensitive topic...
as a person who has had schizophrenia for a long while, seeing other people in which i can relate to just absolutely makes me feel like im not alone and knowing more about my schizophrenia
Schizophrenia can be so debilitating though. I was in a psychiatric unit with a young man who had paranoid schizophrenia so badly that he could not leave his room. He would occasionally crack the door and peek out. One day the nurse on had finally talked him into coming to lunch with lots of people and he vomited out of fear. I felt so bad for him.
I think I might have auditory hallucinations, very mild as I haven’t came across any severe issues with it yet. But sometimes I hear my name being called when it isn’t, crawling and thumping noises where they’re not. And even sometimes music??? It’s music I haven’t heard before, music I can’t put a name to, sometimes it’s just a little tune that lasts a few seconds. But then again most of the time I just shrug it off as me being crazy and I ignore it since it’s literally not effecting my life majorly. I’m also a very paranoid person, I always have the impression that someone is there without actually visually being able to see anyone. It’s just the presence I can sense, I don’t go near any windows at night as that’s a huge trigger for it. And It sucks because my bedroom literally has a sliding door connected to it, I feel as if my Paranoia is the most debilitating thing about it. I was diagnosed with anxiety, and I’m not sure if everything is just all that?? Might be something I should bring up at an appointment.
I essentially dealt with schizophrenia for 4 days due to a severe Benadryl overdose (suicide attempt, was only ~200mg away from LD50. I hallucinated horrific monsters eating me alive for the first day, constant crazy shit like seeing myself rise to heaven and burn down to hell at the same time, and more monsters creeping around. Massive spiders. Bugs EVERYWHERE. The second day was same as first but no more monsters eating me, but they just stared at me and creeped around, would get in my face. The two days were more auditory hallucinations still but it was less intense, and monsters weren’t hyper real anymore, but just black, but still tiny bugs everywhere.
Schizophrenia is NOT about hallucinations.  It's about the degradation of personality through emotional impoverishment.
My sister is presenting symptoms of delusions, voices that criticize her. My mom doesn’t believe in psychologyst or psychiatrics. And my sister refuses to believe she is sick.  I just don’t know what to do or how to treat her. I don’t want to support her delusions but I don’t want to contradict her either. I feel helpless. 😭😭
Did anyone else notice that weird random clip at 11:05?
How is the brain so good at making illusions...it's incredible.
I saw and still sometimes see this tall dark figure with glowing purpley  blue eyes  long hair sharp golden nails always smiling banging on doors and shouting  and screaming.... referred to as   mr Rowen.
Am I now hallucinating or did he say "right at your finger TITS" at 8.25?? And what was that brief flash of someone facetiming or the like at 11.04? AM I ACTUALLY BEING AFFECTED BY THIS TOPIC??? Edit: He appears in the last bit, too. Did somebody get cut out?
11:04 who is that guy in the red headphones
6:50 wtf why did I get jump scared by that guy who is he??????
She's so graceful and beautiful🥺❤️❤️
For me, its ants. Ants crawling on my bed and biting me. I saw a 'drunk' ant once that kept falling over. I thought it was funny.
I am a kid but sometimes if I accidentally swing me leg or hand I fell a thud sometimes like hitting someone’s leg it’s weird
Was there another guest that didn't talk in the interview? I'm not making a joke about this subject at all, in the outro appeared a man that wasn't previously in the video like it had been a guest
The amount of work that must go into these videos, and the fact that you are so respectful of all of the people you interview. These topics are important to discuss and its even more important to hear from the people dealing with these issues and experts themselves. Thank you!
It's really precious for me to learn about this mental disorder because my grandma was diagnosed with it when she was still alive. It lets me understand what she might have been going through and feel closer to her. Thank you Anthony and to all the guests <3
My biggest question: How do you help someon who has symptoms, but refuses to share their diagnosis or any other details?
I haven't been diagnosed but I have a few symptoms of schizophrenia I often her people saying my name or people walking through my hall and I have a very intense fear of sleep because of these things which cause paranoia
I think.Perfect blue?  Is one of a good repre?  To this i forgot whats it about tho but yeah
Please approve for publication; So sad, anyone who has looked after a loved one with mental illness or dementia will know how hard it is physically and mentally. One of the hardest things in the world is mourning someone who is still alive. My son was diagnosed with schizophrenia 5years ago, with a series of life-threatening symptoms of hallucinations, delusion, and depression, Even with rigorous therapies, antipsychotic medications, and some controversial alternative treatments the condition didn't improve. Today, it makes 2years since my son recovered after taking Consummo treatment without any treatment, he is now living a complete, normal, healthy life and has returned to college. I wanted to take the time to encourage you never to give up, It is not my intent to persuade or convince anyone, nor should it be considered a replacement for sound medical advice but rather for you to know there is an optional treatment, completely natural and has no side effects.  While everyone's journey is unique, numerous patients with paranoid schizophrenia are effectively treated and cured with their mode of treatment.
I used to see things when I was little… maybe 8 and younger, so I wonder if that was schizophrenia and now I only start to see things when I’m on walks late at night when I’m tired
sounds like a delirium trip but much longer
What happened at 11:05 😂
i get auditory hallucinations very rarely and they sure are spooky, it especially happens in the shower, something about the sound of the water makes me think an alarm is going off or someone’s calling for me.
Wait, was there two or three people interviewed here? It's like I saw this third person there but... maybe he was just a hallucination?
Not sure if it’s been done before but would love to see a “spending a day with autistic people” one. I volunteer as one of those autistic people (i know i’m not influential but autism is a special interest of mine along with general psychology).
One I used to have when I was younger was that I had these glass figures above my bed, and they would come to life and stab me with needles, like the ones you used to get shots. I remember having multiple panic attacks about it because I could feel it too
I just go diagnosed with Schizoaffective love this
I honestly wonder how many people that believe they are psychic or believe they talk to/see dead people, are schizophrenic.   But I also wonder how many people who are schizophrenic may actually be psychic or see the paranormal or other dimensions.
11:05
Why do the voices always gotta be pricks tho, fr. Imagine somebody being like "bro, no  go to class man, you gotta get an education. And dont forget to drink some water."
People living with any type of Heath issues physical, mental and emotional and otherwise shouldn't be treated like thrash we're humans too 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 😭😭😭 .
I recommend under your scars by Godsmack 💗💗💗💗💗 .
I get bad treatment for my mental health issues and hate too they don't know what I have but I do 😭😭😭😭😭😭 .
Manic depression I meant not maniac depression 😆😆😆 .
I can also be bipolar  .
If people took mental health issues more seriously just as they did to physical issues then it'll be a better world 😭😭😭😭😭😭 .
I don't have this mental health issue thank goodness but it sad for others who do I suffer from maniac depression and antisocial personality disorder .
Not many people are kind and caring to anyone with mental health issues 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 .
“Ain’t no way ima throw down with a demon”😂😂😂
heres the thing about schizophrenia.  it is different for everyone.  hallucinations can be very scary depending on what is being seen or felt or whatever.  Delusions and hallucinations can go hand in hand and that can make things worse.  But it can be controlled.  i was diagnosed a few years back and i live a semi normal life.
So he has his brain insideout?
She said “shadowy blob man” and I immediately started questioning if I have schizophrenia bc I see shadow people fairly often
Is not relevent to the topic what so ever but cecilia have the same name as me! Except mine is spelle c-e-c-e
SO interesting that the hallucinations don't transfer to your phone... dying to know why
Cecilia is looking so beautiful!! Every time i see her featured somewhere she looks healthier and healthier
I feel like I can understand this because of my sleep paralysis
did he say " right at your finger tits"?
I used to work with a man who had schizophrenia. He was the sweetest man ever. It developed because of excessive acid usage in the 60s. Even now all this time later he still sees shadows and hears whispers and feels like he's being stalked. He said it happens a lot less with therapy but for a while his insurance got screwed up and he had to stop going and he was in fear 24/7 afraid someone was in his house or following him at work. It got to the point where he would hear a high pitch woman scream and he freaked tf out and run out of wherever he was.
SEVEN
i don’t have schizophrenia, i experience hallucinations and went through delusions. i can tell my hallucinations aren’t real now, and since they started, with auditory ones i can just jerk my neck and they stop .. for visual i would take out my phone and take a pic or video but i’d still be convinced it was real (they never happen anymore). i knew what psychosis was, i was actually really into psychiatry. but i was also really into spiritualism … And because of my love for horror films i thought i was possessed. it was tough and i was abusing a lot of drugs lol that also didn’t help.. And some antipsychotics were weird, like they made hallucinations go but i was still convinced i was possessed
You should talk to Therians in a future video :D
one yute aint make the cut lmao
As a person with a huge fear of clowns, experiencing what Cecilia is experiencing would be the worst thing that ever happened to me.
Thank you for doing these videos. It really helps me understand the different struggles people face with their disorders and help me put perspective on mine. All your guests are amazing and informative. 👍👍👍
11:05 who's this???
I'm still in disbelief at how complex this illness is. I used to be a support worker for vulnerable adults, I had absolutely no experience and I was thrown straight in supporting many adults with schizophrenia, and I was not prepared or trained at all. I got major backlash from my bosses when I said I am in no way qualified or trained enough to give them the level of help and support they need. It was so unfair on the clients themselves, and honestly just made our company look like incompetent idiots. 😞
You forget to talk  about the negative schizophrenic symptoms and only talks about the positive ones. Positive in this context means to add something and negative to take away something from someone.
11:05  😂
I'm now realizing my hallucinations are what got me into witchcraft. O_O I guess I wasn't sure how much I actually believed it, but I had a notion that I was spiritually sensitive and could see ghosts and stuff. I got into the occult from an early age, and became a witch as an adult. Things don't bother me as much anymore but I stuck with witchcraft because it's personally a fulfilling lifestyle.
Guys I think everybody around me is fucking me up... I'm sure that I'm a good person, so why would my family, friends, and my girlfriend talk about me behind my back.
I struggle with auditory hallucinations, I'll hear voices but they aren't speaking a specific language, it's like quickly changing radio stations and getting snippets of sound or voices, then I'll get deep voices as a commentary - like "Oh, is he going to wash his hands after using the bathroom?" And my thoughts will be like, "why wouldn't I?" but not in my head, like, as though someone is next to me, my internal thought has a voice, but then I'll hear these outside external voices, at the same time as the thought.  It actually feels loud, even though I know there's no sound. A microphone would actually hear just ambient room noise or typical room noises like a heater or water pipes, etc and my head is filled with voices or strange rings or pops, then incoherent female or deep male voices. The delusional voices will always tell me I'll never amount to anything, that my existence and being alive is a mistake, and when I do something I'm actually proud of- I'll feel like it wasn't right to let people know my accomplishments or that I did something. Even writing this comment, I just heard, "random strangers don't need to know your business because you're just a crazy person, too"  My actual diagnosis is Depressive Psychosis
I'm glad that there's videos like this to educate people about this disorder. Cause every time I tell someone that I have paranoid schizophrenia. I feel like they have no idea what it is and what it's like. Videos like this kinda help me explain what's going on with me. I'm really not that great with my choice of words and I can come off a kinda dumb when I'm trying to explain my feelings or whatever. Hopefully people can become more understanding about this disorder and stop alienating people that suffer from this, because we didn't ask to be this way..
Anthony is gay 100%
Wow what a great idea use the mobile phone camera to see if it is real! Genius. I think it is possible the profits of religion all had this disorder. That poor girl seeing I.T all the time that would be horrific. Both these people are amazing people.
I hate how I’ve seen schizophrenia through my life I’ve learned that drugs can make in way worse from my uncle Who is homeless because of it.  I used to think he’d hurt me if I saw him again, but he loves me, but that’s what schizophrenia can do Idk You never know how it affects someone, he tried to hurt my dad  While with my ex and finding out he had schizophrenia I thought “would he hurt me?”  I feel like that’s what most people with mental problems fear most People being scared of them
I honestly think i might have this. Tho i cant be sure especially since i dont see things. I will say i do have extreme paranoia, sometimes cant believe im real or my relationship is real, i dont rlly trust anyone tbh.
i have Schizo affective disorder & am a psychopath
wait, who's the person with the red headphones? were they cut out? i'm confused
Really unrelated, but I met my schizophrenic friend the day I decided to take LSD for the first time. We both didn't know wtf was wrong with each others lmaooooooo
I have sqitsafrenia , and I am so happy that people can share there experiences with it
Cecilia: You don’t see giant spiders in your everyday life.  *Australia has entered the chat*
They told me I had schizophrenia after one episode psychosis and I am off my meds and I'm perfectly fine nothing has happened I Don't believe I have it
You fall outta the ceiling there brah? Might want to get that checked out
Although I don't suspect I got schizophrenia,I have had only like 2 or 3 times where I am fully aware nothing weird is happening and I'm alone but felt completely as if something or someone was there in a sense where I got alot of paranoia and as if I *knew* someone was there. But where that so called "person" was,there was just air. Nothing more. Although I knew it's nothing but imagination it still was and is crazy to me.
People thought that I had schizophrenia, but I just had an imaginary friend named Barney
I used to work in a mental health facility for kids. It was so sad to see kids try to shake/avoid their voices/hallucinations. I cannot wait until there are better medications 🙏🙏🙏 praying for the day
Plot twist it's not schizophrenia they actually see into other dimensions
I miss Anthony padildo 😭😭😭
I have a feeling that people with schizophrenia are more connected to the matrix and they can see the glitches and the "people" that just fill the place
Sorry who is that person at  6:49 to 6:50
10:58 who is that random guy who pops up for a second with red headphones?
Oh man. I'm so happy I don't go through this because I'm terrified listening to this.
Did anyone notice the glitch at 11:05? These is a still of another person before the guy starts talking again
I have schizophrenia but I ain’t hallucinating
To both guests: thank you for being brave and sharing your vulnerability with us!
I love ur videos but is your roof ok?
6:23 OK, this is going to sound really weird and irrational, but I worry that telling my child about schizophrenia or similar might cause them to have it.
Normalise not making jokes surrounding terrifying symptoms if it.
I LOVE Kody! ❤️ ❤️❤️
Schizophrenia exists so that secrets like telepathy being real don’t get exposed. What they could do is tell secrets through telepathy, but one would tell all their friends. So if someone learns that it’s real, they have to cover it up. In fact, the delusions they mind control are much more to make anything supernatural sound not credible.
I have SYMPTOMS of  schizophrenia (I’m not self diagnosing) but in my class I have a school trip to the London eye so it’s gonna be a nightmare
Schizophrenia exists so that secrets like telepathy don’t get exposed.
My sister is . I dont know what a do really to help am just here and go check something she like.
One of my friends has schizophrenia,  so I'm mainly watching this so educate myself, so I can understand her more 🥰
they look to good and happy to have real schizophrenia
Does anyone know why the third person wasn’t included in the vid?
(12:07) so…there are people in the world who think they have been “Tagged-It” by a kind, bearded, fleeing man. I wonder if they ever tag someone else before running away. I think I prolly would.
lol
I cannot get enough of Anthony Padillas videos. It's so nice to watch an actual interview with people in all kinds of situations whether its mental health, an existential issue, or even like faceless YouTubers instead of watching a tlc documentary on someone with skizophrenia where it's all hyped up and dramatized. This is fucking brilliant and we continue to require this.
I like how Kody "just" considers public visual hallucinations as "awkward" - I probably would be terrified if my phone screen didn't show a person on it.
The glitching is so real. I've always had hallucinations. My mom started having them recently from a medicine. I told her 'it will be fuzzy around the corners or glitchy'.
Another episode of Anthony Padilla eliminating stigma one day at a time! This is so important, I want to share this with everyone and I hope that younger people see this and can either relate, identify or understand that people that are "different" are not bad and they do not deserve to be treated poorly. Love it, great job!
Was it just me or Anthony went a little country when he was introducing himself,"My names 🤠ANthOny PadiLlA🤠" just me- oh
11:03 ??
I have hallucinations like these too, mostly spiders and tall dark figures but they don’t happen too often and they usually happen when I’m in bed
was taught in school they were crazy people, and now after graduated and diagnosed with autism, i've tried reading about many disorder as they are misunderstood, so i'm happy people like anthony can bring people with said stuff and let them speak
My son was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder
My brother basically smoked himself schizophrenic. He's been smoking meth too consistently for 3 or 4 years. I've witness him talking to himself a lot and it is the most strangest thing to ever witness. Beyond fucking weird. Refuses to take medications, or any kind of help. He's was in rehab too, but apparently that didn't even help with anything considering he relapsed and doesn't care at all for his mental health. He is convinced that he opened his third eye and that he is most likely the smartest in the room. Wish he'd be normal but it's almost like he enjoys the fact that he can hear voices, it's weird...
Okay. Recently I was on the form of medication. I'm not going to say why I was on it or what the medication was obviously. But it caused me to have hallucinations. Very mild nothing like faceless people or demons. But even if that was simply a sliver of what it's like to have schizophrenia I would be so scared. Because I was in school one day. It was a field trip day I wasn't going on the field trip. So I have the class was gone there was like me and three other students. I walked into the classroom and there were 17 other kids who I did not know. But I still knew that there were only three other students. I could see those three other students and I knew that I was there under the teacher was there I had to ignore all the other ones. And the reason I knew that they weren't there is cuz they weren't wearing the school uniform. Cuz I go to a private school that we can't like just wear normal clothes you have to wear uniform we also can't have her phone so it can do the phone trick. Also I never knew the phone trip was a thing. But that terrified me. Because they did seem real although  there was one kid who is missing a hand. And another that was missing a big patch of hair on the back of his head.
I did my dissertation about schizophrenia and I passed, I dug into this for a year and it almost saddens me that not everyone on this planet even knows about it in the slightest... People with schizophrenia go through a lot and i respect each and every one of them
did no one see the guy on 6:49
There was a ‘joke’ in university psych class, “Roses are red, Violets are blue, I’m schizophrenic and so am I”…it was first told me by a schizophrenic guy who was going to get his psych degree in an effort to understand himself better.
OK I SWEAR TO GOD THERE HAS TO BE SOMETHING IN THIS AUDOI THAT IS MAKING ME HAVE A HEADACHE LIKE WHAT WAS THE THING THE LIKE IT FELT LIKE YOU KNOW THE STANDARD TRANSPORTING SOUND 😢
Was there a 3rd cut interviewee at 11:04 ?
i hallucinate parasites, now to hallucinate spiders seems horrifying shit
Poor guy at the end got 0.2 seconds of screen time
Wait is hearing and feeling things that aren't there not normal- 💀
I have a team member with schizophrenia but never told us. Before I knew that she had any struggles with mental health, I once spoke to her about her work performance being not up to par. She cried and I tired to be encouraging, telling her that I believed in her and that she could do it. Little did I know that this talk, coupled with other things going on in her life, caused her stress and triggered her. She would stand there and laugh at nothing, talk to herself, appear like she was in a daze etc. She was also hospitalised at a mental institution for a few days. I only learnt afterwards (from another team member she worked with) that she had schizophrenia. Things are better now, but I never know when she will have her low moments again, so I'm watching this video in hopes of hearing from others going through this so that I can be a more supportive leader for her. Thanks for the video Anthony!
I feel like I have schizophrenia cause I see things that aren't there I'm super  paranoid I hear voices and I'm unsure if it is schizophrenia cause I haven't had a diagnosis yet about it but I feel like I have it and it makes me super paranoid since like 10
Notice on every other “I spent a day with” other than this one and school shooter survivors, Anthony just says world of, instead of saying wondrous world. I might have missed another video, but it’s nice he’s respectful enough to not say it that way.
Bruh I could never. I have autism so I would just get stressed out cause I already hear alot of stuff then the cherry on top is more of that.
a good friend of mine got diagnosed with schizophrenia within the last year, and prior to his diagnosis he was struggling so hard. I don't see him much anymore, but he seems to be doing a lot better recently. and it hasn't changed my perception of him one bit.
they should train dogs to protect people from hallucinations. Is that a thing already?
Nah she have to see a clown?? If i was scizophrenic i would want to see Morgan Freeman
I have hallucinated spiders and sounds. It rarely happens though. I can go a decade without it happening and its linked to my stress. I have spent hours looking for a spider that wasnt real because i wanted to smash it so i could go to bed. I am the spider exterminator where i live so i wait or family members to get freaked out before i worry.
Is this El Smosh?
6:49 who is this dude?
We wuv u Anthony
There is a question I have wondered about a lot. It's about visual hallucinations and not being able to tell if somebody is real or not - long story short - I would like to know if hallucinated people, clowns etc have shadows? Weirdly specific maybe, but I'm still curious about it and can't find answers in google...
I genuinely don't believe either of these people have schizophrenia. I've seen so many people during my time in mental health hospitals that actually have it. These two people are NOTHING like real schizophrenia patients and EVERYTHING like people making it up for attention.
I have an uncle with schizophrenia. Honestly, I don't know much about the ins and outs of his condition, I don't know what he sees, hears, nothin. My family's never told me and I don't interact with him enough to ask.  Generally, he's always been a tad strange, so he never really seems as level headed as the people in this video. He has a few weird phrases that he likes to repeat, and if he doesn't take his meds he acts pretty weird. He's done things like threaten to run away from my grandparents' house before (my grandparents take care of him). I dunno, I never got the chance to connect to him since he's strongly religious and I struggle to tolerate people who only ever talk about religion, no offense to religious people, I respect religion highly, I just struggle to stay active in a conversation with him when he responds to most things with "Well, we will meet again in heaven so our lives as of current do not matter".  Either way, this video helped me see a little more into what he may experience and understand him a little better.
I have schizophrenia and I know my mother sees me as a dysfunctional monster but doesn’t want to admit it. I try not to cry because I always thought she was my best friend.
I see things that aren’t real but feel so real, ive told my mother but she refuses to believe me. I have many characters that I see frequently too, but im autistic so they just excuse it as my mind being different
So nobody noticed the 1-2 frames of the black guy in red headphones at 11:05 ??????
is anyone gonna talk about HOW GORGEOUS CECELIA IS? i saw her picture and my jaw DROPPED
8:23 he definetly said fingert*ts... right???
11:05  Bro didn't make the cut
Lol why is there flashing pictures of people with headphones when you have a picture transition?
They just want attention
Hey, Anthony, you may want to make note of the now omitted individual. I kept seeing flashes of them and then noticed people in the comments talking about things I never heard … Hopefully you can understand the possible concern here, especially considering the topic. :\  Otherwise, great video per usual!
It's almost like, people with Schizophrenia are just...people.
anyone else see the glitch at 11:05 0.0
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP
Kinda wish there was more conversation about the negative symptoms of schizophrenic illnesses in this episode but otherwise cool vid 👍
I think schizophrenia can be one of those extremely difficult mental disorders that might cause them into physical harm. If you know someone who have schizophrenia, please do not try to trigger them. Respect their behavior and always lead them to the reality (without them realizing what you're trying to do).  Maybe you can use physical touch like handshake  or hugging them.   I think the best way to interact with them is to not provoke them about their condition especially specifying or emphasizing their kind of delusions. Please be kind to them.   On the brighter side, I think there might be people who have schizophrenia that are not that bad. They might be hallucinating of nice stuffs like seeing unicorns, fairies or anything nice. But this really depends on each person who have this diagnosis.
I'm a med student and physicians and psychiatrists (in Brazil at least) say that these hallucinations are actually shadows, glimpses of light/darkness and aren't as detailed as described. And if they talk about seeing aliens, ufos, clowns, and more specific "things" it's more of a mystical side, and not schizo... And schizophrenia is very incapacitating, those who are able to get out of the psychosis state and control with meds etc are never gonna be 100% functional again, and often work in less demanding jobs. It really makes me wonder how these people are so lucid and understand so well their disease, it's different from everything I've seen in my psychiatry rotations. Very interesting video, it's very mind opening.
These people aren't sick  they understand their issues. My wife is off her rocker and could never ever admit to it. These people seem sane next to her
Does this channel have one for Psychosis?
I was diagnosed last year when I was 12, I was seen as crazy or a psychopath but now I'm glad people like you can show and explain that people with schizophrenia are not dangerous murderers. ALSO BEFORE ANYONE ASKS YES YOU CAN BE DIAGNOSED AT THIS AGE ALTHOUGH IT IS UNCOMMON.
Watched a fascinating podcast of Andrew Huberman with Dr. Chris Palmer on nutrition and mental health; specifically his pretty amazing results with ketosis (basically ketogenic diet) and schizophrenia (where hallucinations decrease or even go away). If anyone tries this, please comment below and share experiences. My brother has schizophrenia and I’d love to hear if it works for people in the community.
11:05 anyone else see another person that he just cut out or just me
I once saw a video of someone who trained their dog to walk up and greet people who came to the door or entered this house. They did this because they often had visual and auditory hallucinations of people coming over to their house, however their way of telling if it was real or not was by seeing if their dog went up to greet them or not.
I am so amazed by these people, I can't even begin to imagine what it's like to have this disorder,  they have more strength and courage that I can't even imagine one would have to deal with it it.
I love Anthony for this, I feel that it's important for everyone to understand this disorder,  to bust any   stigmatized beliefs that were around.
Not to be like that but the video of the spider wasn't cool :( You should've at least put a warning, I have severe arachnophobia and it's not fun lol  Edit: The spiders was shown twice 🥲
There should be some noble prize Anthony can get for is simple but important work 🥳
Gavin!
Dude with the glasses didn’t make the episode😭
I’ve heard that looking through your phone camera can help people with hallucinations differentiate between reality and psychosis!
One thing Id like to know is can or how does horror media affect hallucinations... if so readers of Junji Ito with schizophrenia you have balls of steel
I watched this right before I was diagnosed.
This was very intriguing. I see why he has gained over 6 million followers
"I hallucinate spiders, I hallucinate large spiders.".  I would die...
This video actually helped me help one of my former friends with their hallucinations. They started hallucinating a person at our high school about 3 months ago and I was able to tell them about the phone thing which helped them a lot. Unfortunately that person has some other mental health problems that forced them out of the school and it wasn't healthy for me to be in that relationship again but im glad that I was able to help them just a little and im glad this video may be helpful to other people. 😊
My older brother has Schizophrenia and watching this video makes me want to ask questions to him but I don’t wanna offend him or anything because he lost a lot of life to it he had to move to home school in sophomore year of high school so I feel really bad:/
This is literally a copy of another older interview from another platform/creator with ALMOST complete word to word dialogue
Plot twist they realize anthony was just their hallucination and they just had an interview with a demon this entire time
My friend at school got schitzophrenia after being misdiagnosed with epilepsy and given the wrong medication 😞
Love that entrance, big fan of surrealism 👍
11:05 dang that random guy that slipped through the editing made me question my mental state
my grandmother had this disorder, i never got to meet her because she jumped infront of a train in 2000. i only hear good stories that she was very kind and i wish id have met her.
Schizophrenic people really aren't crazy it's just episodes of things that happen the person is still there just minor things that you have to deal with or gothrough
wow i cant bleave that people fell like this
My dad has schizophrenia. Lately he’s been genuinely believing his house is haunted. Like he hears and feels ghosts in his room and he yells at them.
I was staying in a psych ward for bipolar depression and alcoholism from trying to self medicate and the girl I shared a room with had schizophrenia and hallucinations of a little girl persistently trying her to harm herself. It really moved me and still does to think of her experiences and how strong she was to be getting through it. She actually taught me how she deals with persistent thoughts thoughts and it was a different perspective that I heard in addiction circles and I used her technique and thought of her courage long after meeting her. Having bipolar 2 depressive type I've had the opportunity to meet a lot of people in treatment with schizophrenia and a childhood friend had it. There is such a stigma because as a society we only tend to notice if someone has a mental illness by witnessing them during an episode, but when you meet people with schizophrenia they are just normal people dealing with an illness and trying to go about their lives.
Schizophrenic people are literally the most normal people interviewed on this channel
I don't know if I have schizophrenia or not but when I see shadow things or I sometimes see slenderman and something that helps me is that I will start making jokes and showing the shadows funny videos I saved it scares the living shit out of me especially when I have no idea if it is real or not. But it helps me alot! And if it is real then if I'm going to die ima die a funny bad b!tch and that helps me alot.
This is interesting becuase I’ve been having auditory hallucinations and idk what it is
I have paranoid schizophrenia and was diagnosed at a younger age than most. It’s not an easy thing to deal with in the slightest, but masking it has become pretty simple. I wish i didn’t hear and see the shit i do, but on the other hand, i don’t remember when a time without it. i have a thought that scares me on a regular basis… i don’t know if i had a twin. I feel like i was told i did and i feel like i remember him, but there’s no pictures of me and him together. i don’t know and it worries me. my biggest fear also stems from my schizophrenia, i fear that i’m in a cell, but my brain is so sick, that my entire life was conjured by the sickness. i have more than just that, but those are the parts i feel i need to explain. i hope anyone else that deals with this also, has people around them that understand our situations and the fact that there is almost no way to stop this. love you all, stay safe out there.
Um I don’t know if I’m being ignorant right now or if I’m overreacting to my issues but I’ve been like really paranoid lately and I feel like my sense of reality is slipping, I feel like that could be some early symptoms of mild schizophrenia or something like that but I’m only considering it because schizophrenia runs in my family, my grandma on my dads side had it. If anyone has more knowledge on this or anything please tell me if I’m misinformed or if I’m overreacting or something.
I was missed misdiagnosed with schizophrenia because I was hallucinating things on my face that wasn’t there like very dark wrinkles, huge black dots,huge unibrow, abnormally small head,dots for eyes,crunchy looking lips and everything I seen was absolutely deformed and I was in serious distress because of it and I also was under the impression everyone was grossed out by me. Later on I found out it was a misdiagnosis and I actually had a severe case of body dysmorphic disorder, my heart goes out to everyone struggling with these horrible illnesses 🙏🏽❤️
My grandpa has schizophrenia, I never understood but the movie A Beautiful Mind made me understand
I hallucinate and hear stuff but probably not Schizophrenia
I know a lot of people that would be like "but you get to escape reality" and "that would be so fun though!" but i have a friend that struggles with schizophrenia and she has even thought about taking her life a few times because of it.
11:05... wtf how even?????????
I learned I had schizophrenia after my first time trying alcohol at 18. (legal drinking age is 19 in Canada) I am a paranoid schizophrenic, with delusions of being watched or someone trying to take me from my home. Also sometimes the toaster and microwave talk (only when I have alcohol).
I went to mental hospital when I was 14 I had bad panic attack and could see spirits in people, also one time I was sleep one time the woman said the she would hear staticky whispers and I know exactly what she means and never heard anyone else say this but it happened to me when I had sleep paralysis and I couldn’t move and I heard this voice but all I did was called on Jesus and I was able to get control of my body again, I never met anyone who talked about their experiences like me because people think I’m crazy when I tell them these things I’m glad there are people out there who I can relate to I wish I could meet some of these people I’ve always felt alone and felt like no one understands me
i want to give them a hug glkhaefgoregjb;ae. theyre really eye opening and im glad i watched :))
Kody has a lot of the same delusions I have, I have schizoaffective disorder
My neighbor has Schizophrenia, and She’s super sweet! But when she has episodes it can be scary at first. Cause you hear her yelling and laughing.
11:04
I'm not trying to be rude but Kody looks like a dollar store version of Mr Beast
I was listening to the video in the background whilst reading comments as your regular ADHD person would do. I was very hyper focused that I got jumpscared when an ad popped up lol
I hope anyone with this disorder finds peace♡
These people need JESUS ASAP!!
I feel so shitty rn, I just remembered a time that I met someone who most likely had schizophrenia and I was not kind because I was scared. I hope to see him again so I can make it right by using the sentiments in this video 😔
I know I say conspiracy theorist has schizophrenia as an insult but I don't think I should anymore
Cecilia looks like she's doing much better than she did in the SBSK video. :)
Do ADHD MAN love ur videos
my grandmother had schizophrenia. i belive she only ever heard voices
Adding to the comments of what happened to the black guy.. Who was clearly(and poorly) edited out.
now that was interesting
He world of 🌟 schizophrenia 🌟
Please, never stop breaking your ceiling
That black guy wasn't heard but they put him in at the end, odd.
I'd like to see one of these interviews about postpartum psychosis
People don't realize that by having the hard discussion, you make it easier the next time.
did anyone notice the random cut at 11:05 or was that to simulate schizophrenia
I recently have had a family member who was diagnosed with this and I love how much information and empathy you are providing. This will help me deal with my lack of knowledge of the disorder until I understand it to a greater degree and may go into psychology. Your empathy and intelligence is greatly appreciated I cannot thank you enough. ❤️
What does our adult addiction to obsessive thinking have to do with our Adult Addiction to legal and illegal drugs?  YES Give them DRUGS, so we manage instead of cure the illness And us doctors can have and manage our Huge Houses and Many Cars and SO Much MONEY, thank you!  Keep making no cures Big Pharma the lifelong pills big Profits! Down the rabbit hole of splitting your mind machine into all kinds of imagination craziness!  *Yes can't our untamed fully activated in adulthood mind machine become like a spoiled child talking to us in our head?    Obsessive thinking can trap us into not living in the moment and being stable grounded and here.  Better find how to do wholistic self forgiveness statements writing on the obsessive thoughts daily consistently to get yourself to stop creating them.   Because those thoughts are resonating and storing in our body water cells, celling you into it! You've been doing it for Years, it'll take some time to reverse it!  You'll need to voice your statements so your voice resonates in your body and reverses and releases these patterns.  You think only your voice changes in adolescence(the same time people start Schizophrenia)? Your mind machine fully activates as well, Rise of the Machine... You think the Terminator is about external robots rising up against us?.. What about our robotic mind machine?   Many eventually turn to the dark side with their thoughts, you think Star Wars is about a galaxy far far away?  Don't you see how the obsessive mind thinking, mines our bodies life force energy to an early dried up death like a Sith Lord? Do you realize that the lord of the rings's Gollum character demon-strates and shows clearly how our obsessive fearful thoughts connect the dots from sanity to insanity and a warped view of what is real? Why are you missing the signs from our writers who are tapping into our reality we miss? Why do you fear your reality, fear your choices in life, fear what will happen next, etc, instead of seeing and realizing that you are a physical body made of molecules and atoms and a part of everything and are simply life that wants to create and perfect and live?  Because you don't want to go down the crazy rabbit hole of big Pharma's pills for life of struggle and no real cure.  I obsessively think therefore I am a fear based mind machine robot who is Addicted to thinking instead of living, always falling instead of standing.  Take care
In all honesty since their go to was exorcism to fix us then i think its related to them burning witches and hanging nonbelievers so what if we can just hear and see the spirits of the dead and were just a living ouija board a conduit for them👏🏻  I have the gene for it but i swear i dont experience anything they claim im supposed  and living with a narcissist family and ptsd the most i experience is gas lighting and hallucinating hearing my mom and brother arguing behind closed doors so they most i have is PTSD from the years of stalking ect* so yeah but iv never actually experienced that they claim we do
The spider thing is genuinely my biggest nightmare
I have complex PTSD. I thought I was schizophrenic my whole life.. until I found out it’s somewhat similar bc of hallucinations. Lol not funny haha just pretty interesting
Was someone cut out of this video?
personally, i suffer from visual hallucination and the feelings that everyone wants me dead, i guess i have a light schizophrenia
"I see it too!"
Anthony is a very empathetic person :)
15:40 man im  not throwin hands with a demon   understandable have a nice day
I don't have schizophrenia but like when I'm in like idk class I hear a whisper that says my name and no one from class is calling me
am i the only person that sees that third guy in the outro
The room ~
Can you please do bipolar disorder please !!? 😊 thank you
I guess I ha scitofrinia
Wait at the end they showed a third person and  I didn’t see him talk the entire episode ???
honestly my life can be hell at times as I not only have schizophrenia but also Epilepsy and im autistic so navigating life with multiple disabilities is very tiring and its not like i can turn off these disabilities at any point which would be great.
Cecilia appearing on SBSK, Ted Talk, and now on Anthony Padilla's channel. Amazing all the work she does to normalize her condition.
I wish I had schizophrenia... But nooo instead I'm labeled as a borderline sociopath. ASPD with BPD... I think having friends , even imaginary ones, is better than being a kind of psychopath drinking your black coffee somewhere alone...
The dune is silent, but for the murmur of a soft breeze. You kneel down and run your fingers through the sand, your hand like a tongue tasting the emotion locked in every grain. A symphony of a thousand subtle yet distinct emotions washes over you. Somehow it all computes in the vastness of your mind. It’s like you raked your tongue through the depths of her turbulent psyche. Your eyes well up and a tear rolls down your face. A loud crack of thunder, like a gunshot, startles you from above, and the sky begins to pour with heavy rain. The sound of rain soothes your soul. The landscape — or, really, your mindscape — feels enchanted, exactly as you want it to be.
Turning the white knob even more you become so conscious your mind gains direct access to the channels database. In your mind’s eye you have instantaneous thumbnail access to every channel and piece of media that has ever been produced in the universe.
Zooming out you suddenly become aware that all of this is happening on a TV screen — an epic space opera playing out for someone’s entertainment. But the actors don’t know they’re actors. To them, this galactic orgy is as real as real gets.
This was not “spending a day” with anyone; this was two video-call interviews interspersed with other clips.  At BEST each interview was maybe 2 hours, and that’s being extremely generous.
It's quite a relief to hear how conscious they are about them selves, the disorder they are suffering.  I think those who suffer this disorder and turn violent, it will probably be because they suffer coexisting disorders such as a cluster b personality disorder or anger issues.  Thank you for sharing their stories. You are a good interviewer !
I’ve a schizophrenic brother and i hate him i also hate every drug addict y’all should fuckin dië, take an overdose you need it. idc if it was an individual experience i still wish u all death. that mf i call a brother made me hate myself day and night. sexually harassed me multiple times as a fuckin kid. and im a fuckin male. when i got to middle school he was in his late twenties, he told someone i know that i want him to fuckin have sex w me and for all my life i’ve been asking myself what did i do wrong? im not gay, im not a twink what did i do wrong? he was a drug addict and so he developed schizophrenia. I’d hear him when i visit my mother in her house laughing and talking to himself. he still lives with our mother bc he’s a useless piece of shit. idk how old he is but im 22 now. my last visit to my mother he did a new, horrendous thing that i took a knife and i almost killed him if only my mother didn’t call the police. i hate every second of my life bc of him but soon enough im gonna do it one way or another.
People there called your inner demons.. ok 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😬😬😬😬🤔🤔🤔🙄🙄🙄🙄
People I know still throw the term 'schizo' around when talking about someone who seems like they're talking about something that sounds "crazy" or so stupid it can't be what they actually believe. I'm a part of Gen Z in 2022, it hasn't stopped.
My neighbour is schizophrenic and he often says that the devil raped him
this illness robbed my brother's life. he has suffered for the past 20 years, He is a doctor and has not been able to work. This sucks
I feel this video has glorified this illness. Schizophrenia is frightening and it destroys everyone in the family. This video does not represent the illness in the slightest. This illness is nightmare
Can you do people that are bipolar pls
i am currently questioning if i have schizophrenia because i show many symptoms of it and it runs in my mother's side of of the family. My grandma, aunt, uncle, other uncle, and great grandpa all had schizophrenia and i think i do too. seeing and hearing things that aren't real daily really effect my day to day life and it's really fucking creepy. like imagine its 3am and you see a figure next to you and it whispers your name. pretty fucking creepy, right? thank god im getting therapy and a proper diagnosis soon.. hopefully...
omg mr beast
This is not a real comment, you are hallucinating it 😌
Schizophrenia is something you would not want or any other disorder people who have it suffer and i hope it eventually like isnt as bad
The bit where it's explained that they can tell something isn't real by noticing that others don't interact with it or that it's out of place or details are missing, sounds a lot like how I notice I'm in a dream when Im asleep, that's kinda trippy lmao. But wow, when I was little I was taught that "schizophrenia" is the word for having/experiencing multiple personalities, I never knew it was entirely different and actually happening in your perception of reality instead. That's great to know tbh
During my stay at an adolescent mental hospital, the first thing they told us was not to talk about peoples conditions or acknowledge certain things like outbursts or delusions/hallucinations  I remember there was a boy who was going through drug withdrawals who had schizophrenia and he was probably the most quiet person I ever met. The idea that people assume schizophrenia makes people dangerous to others honestly boils my blood.  His hallucinations almost always caused him extreme fear, there was one case where around 4 AM he sprinted down the hallway where my room happened to be and slammed full force into locked doors to escape something that was chasing him. Another time he had to scrub his hands clean at the nurses station because he could see black ink on his hands and body and it was causing him severe distress. He ended up being moved to a facility better equipped to help him because he was screaming in terror and throwing he and his roommates belongings at a corner of his room  In between and during these moments none of the other teens I was with experienced fear or discomfort with him being around us. I think a key aspect in him helping be comfortable was that we didnt talk about his previous episodes or treat him any different  The idea that grown adults show less empathy and understanding then a group of mentally ill and paranoid teenagers is appalling
I'm diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder, which is a combination of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. I was diagnosed when I was fifteen, and I'm twenty-one now. I have both auditory and visual hallucinations.  The scariest one I've ever had was I was in a hospital room, and the bed was up against the wall. All of a sudden, I thought a group of people was surrounding me, pointing at me, just yelling and accusing me of things. Thankfully, the nurses let me move to a bed in the hall, making me feel safer.  Whenever I tell people I have schizophrenia, they're always more curious than scared. I get asked, "What's that like?" More often than anything. I do love educating people and sharing my experiences.
A Hallucination is something that is not there that you see is a illusion, something that is there that you cannot see
Hey Anthony! Can you please interview people with depersonalization and derealization disorder?
I have Schizo-Affective Disorder (and ASD), which is basically Schizophrenia with a mood disorder. It’s really freeing knowing that what I experience isn’t an isolated event. So many people don’t understand the difference between external and internal auditory hallucinations, and external hallucinations can be confusing and disorienting, so it was so nice to be reassured that what I hear and see happens to others like me. It can be really difficult to navigate in life with this disorder, some days just trying to function “normally” takes 110% of my energy and just an average day at work can become confusing and terrifying by the end of the day. If you are on the Schizophrenic spectrum, or have any mental illness, I just want you to know that you’re not broken, you’re not “crazy”- you just experience life differently. You are a human, and you deserve love and compassion. You are not a monster— you are a person, and don’t let anyone make you feel otherwise ❤
The mean old man voice in my head is way too confident for someone who's done nothing with his life but taunt and bully me
That phone hack to determine if you are hallucinating someone is fucking genius. Kudos.
I really enjoyed this presentation of schizophrenia, it was educational yet fun, thank you for humanizing mental illness. This needs to be talked about in a caring context to help those who suffer. Thank you Anthony (I loved Smosh too)
This is so great, my sister has bipolar disorder and she has hallucinations and lots of random voices. She once walked out of her room and was shaking and looked at my mom with fear, she said “mom…” she held out two pieces of paper.. the paper had very detailed sketches of bears and fish. We had called her doctor then realized she forgot her meds. I’m so happy that you brought light to this.
its so sad that people react and being scared of people who have schizophrenia - just because the older generation being brainwashed about what schizophrenia is and a lot of movies that making people with schizophrenia look like dangerous people, or even posioned.  And its not even them who waking up with different hallucinations and living with that diagnosis - but they seems sometimes react like its them who hallucinate that the person with schizophrenia is a monster or something?  Can we just treat people like people? Everyone needs a hand to grab when things getting hard. So stop making it harder. Im happy that people like Anthony making it easier for other to understand different kind of peoples and educate them, in such a understanding, calming way he is doing it in. His energy and how he is talking to people, i think, is making it easier for people with high judgemental to understand and absord information.  Keep it up! Thank you <3
As someone who is writing a character with schizophrenia (I don’t have it myself) this is like, the main video I go to (I do my own research as well) to make sure I write and portray it accurately
At the end, it showed three people, but there were only two. Was the other person cut out of the video for some reason?
I am paranoid schizophrenic for over 20 years hospitals medications you name it.  But throught it all Yeshua in hebrew ( Jesus ) has been with me in my life. He has died for my sins on the cross. He is my hope of eternal life as this current life is quite short and full of problems. Did my schizophrenia get better a little but my faith in God has grown which is more precious than Gold. God bless
The explanation of it registering as a sound versus a thought was really enlightening.
If you pause at 11:05 you can somewhat see in one frame there was a third interview with another guy, I wonder if Anthony cut him out later post upload ?, weird…
Australian: So the giant spider was just my hallucinations ?
Se a 3M não for o caso da de qualidade vontade eu fiz no ano antes do meu casamento era o 55 e a sua marca de Natal com um novo YOLO de um ano antes de sua viagem e da maior qualidade do mundo a ser humano
DO A VIDEO ABOUT PEOPLE WITH MISOPHONIA PLEASSSSSEEE
What happens if you touch the hallucinations?
I wonder if 'normies' have a slight hallucination every few days, like one of these epusodes but brief enough that you'd doubt it happened.
You're not fat your beautifual
Thanks Anthony for having people with schizophrenia teach about what their experience is. Very informative.
When i was 12 i saw a black shadowy figure in the night in summer camp. Then when i was on my first day of school i saw a bird fky across a halway and i remember screeming "WHAT THE HECK!". And i dont know what happend to this day.
Nobody in this video can say “differentiate” 😂
Around 6:30 to 6:47 the editor must have accidentally put a frame in front another video. Slow the playback speed to .50 and you can catch it
Why is Jeremy saying all this stuff get him out of that corner Anthony!!
Can smoking weed make you schizophrenic for a bit?
The guy's story sounds a lot like the matrix. Sometimes I think what if people with schizophrenia actually see the truth and the rest of us are stuck in the matrix.
why was the third guy cut out, they only would show up for a matter of frames (e.g. 1:43 or 19:33) (there where tow more examples but I can't find them right now)
dont wanna sound rude but she looks like a hallucination
This honesty seems so scary to have, just seeing faceless people, demons and someone stabbing you is terrifying it’s got me paranoid rn
I don't have schiophrenia, but I do experience severe hypnopompic hallucinations at night. It's terrifying even though I know they aren't real. I can't imagine not being able to tell the difference; these people are so strong
does anyone know who the person is briefly at 11:05 ? just curious since they arent in the rest of the episode
I went to a few mental hospitals and I met a lot of people with this disorder and one of them said one of his "characters" said he really liked me??? Is that good???
Okay, i feel like i'm the only one who saw it but- Who's that person at 11:05 ? Are they apart of the video and i'm just terrible with the memory or like- Its a split second scene of some person that i dont remember. I'm just trying to figure out if it was someone who was previously apart of the video and got cut, and editing error while edoting two different videos at the same time or what.
What’s up with the guy that was edited out?
Terrifying
My ex is schizophrenic. I didn't understand when he had an episode but I do now and I feel for him. Even before we broke up for personal reasons, people tried to tell to dump him and I refused to be talked into it just because of his diagnosis. Such people deserve love and this episode proves it's possible
was there 2 or 3 people being interviewed in this ?
8:25 did you say finger tits on purpose or… cause I know it sounds nearly identical but if you read lips you can see “tits” not “tips” am I just missing the joke or what
3:53 i had the same frist symthom as cecilia bro exept on my bed before i looked away.
Man when i was younger i had sever hallucinations of bugs, it was mixed with night terrors and sleep paralysis. I would wake up and look down to find myself COVERED in a blanket of bugs and i could feel them too! Some hallucinations Im still just realizing were In fact not real situations. Its insane how real it can be
Here learning more due to my teenage sons new diagnosis. Hearing the diagnosis was scarier than the constant living it. Hoping to learn more
🖤
I have a family friend who's recently been diagnosed with schizophrenia and it's been incredibly difficult on his family. He used to be one of the sweetest people I knew, wouldn't hurt a fly. But as his schizophrenia started developing, he was acting more and more bizarre. Claimed to be going to class when he dropped out of school, went on long walls to God knows where for hours at a time and became incredibly socially isolated. Until one day he attacked his sister over a video game, both siblings have black belts so someone could've seriously gotten injured. The final straw for his family was when he tried to kill his own mother by strangling and repeatedly hitting her head against the bathroom wall. Scary part was that they were the only 2 in the house (sis and dad were outside of the house, not too far) and he shoved his fingers down her throat to prevent her from screaming. Eventually the cops had to be called and he was taken away to a hospital where he got officially diagnosed. I wasn't very close with him but it makes my heart bleed knowing how their family will never be the same again. Not all cases of schizophrenia turn out like this one, but he possibility of it isn't none.
17:28 as a parent of a schizophrenic teenage daughter I so appreciate her words here. Thank you for being willing to open up about this.
Sometimes when I'm on my phone I see black figures, or just turn around and see bright flashing white lights, (I don't have schizophrenia). When I was around 6-10 I used to believe that when going upstairs I had to run because I thought I was being chased by god or an evil being, I thought I was going to die or go to he-l
I'm schetzophrenic. Ask me anything in the reply sectioned, I dont mind :) (I see, hear and feel my hallucinations)
4:00 good for him he’s coming out and not being afraid of who he is
My aunt has schizophrenia from crack. We’ve tried to help her, but it’s really hard. She doesn’t think she’s crazy, she just thinks that the crack is a gateway to talk to god. And the medicine that helps stop her hallucinations, is made by the devil. Because it stops her from being able to be with god/Jehovah.
Hi! I feel like I'm going nuts because I swear there was 3rd person in this vid. And I think there's a segment where he appeared for a split second . Why did you edit him out?
I hallucinated spidera, mosquitos and insects etc stuff like that once I still am not sure off it was a dream or a hallucination 💀
11:04 what was that
11:05
I swear there was another person-
I knew nothing about schizophrenia before I watched this video. All I had was prejudice. This video was great. I learned a lot!
Anthony i love your videos. Been binging em for like 4-5 hrs. Watched the pansexual one which i am pan, watched the autism one which my fiance is convinced i have, and i have schitzo effective disorder which means i have schizophrenia and bipolar. I love how u treat everyone respectfully and how u communicate with all different people from different walks of life. Hope u enjoy ur life and i wish nothing but blessings for u bro ❤
THINK i MiGHT DiE FROM iT
who's the dude at 11:05 for like one or two frames?
Thats what happened I grabbed the  🔪  physically and I sat their looking at my body about to st4b me to death and me begging praying to God "do as you please I am not scared let your will be done" and he put the 🔪 down and I couldn't believe it
Wow she sol beautiful 😍 im here in love with her
Anybody else notice the guy with the red headphones? He showed up for a couple glimpses but never in the video.
Spiritual world is real and yes the matrix is real .. I get the glitch part. Stand with Jesus and stand with and he will fight them for you
was their a 3rd guy? I keep noticing these cuts after he asks a question and it looks like someone got taken out of the interview
My ex girlfriend’s brother had some bad episodes with his schizophrenia before him. He thought a neighbor was attacking him and tried to stab the neighbor. Luckily, nobody actually got physically hurt, but I can’t imagine how scary that was for both parties. His family helped him get treatment. I also think that this is probably really rare. Like, most people who have schizophrenia aren’t going to attack anyone. Edit: I’d like to add that this man mostly hung out in the apartment and went to work, like a person with a typical brain. He had 1 really bad delusion, but otherwise, he was just a guy.
I spent a year with someone who had Schizophrenia AND was a sociopath the most miserable time of my life
I hate what I have.
Huh so these experiences aren't normal
My dude was preaching at the end I have three pairs of scissors and I can almost always never find any of them when I need them. (⁠╥⁠﹏⁠╥⁠)
Schizophrenia is something that needs to be discussed more openly like this. It's a thing that non sufferers can never truly understand by reading books or watching TV.   The guests on the show did a really good job of putting their feelings and daily lives into very digestible and easy to understand information. I've learnt more from their experience than any medical expert could teach. The causes and medical happenings are important but they can never convey what it's like for people living with schizophrenia
Who was the dude with glasses ?
Please read and respond your thoughts... In Allan Kardec's "THE SPIRITS' BOOK" it explains that spirits can communicate with and/or through mediums. In other words, the intelligent beings (all of us) that survives the death of our material bodies, can communicate through those who are born with mediumship.  So could these voices or hallucinations be the work of ignorant and ill intended spirits? Whereas good spirits wouldn't have a need to manifest this way, malicious beings would definitely have desires to create this mental suffering and be the spiritually possessive drive behind someone's schizophrenic reality.   If we as humans can wirelessly communicate across thousands of miles to convey sounds and images... Why wouldnt spirits be able to do the same by creating visions and sounds in our reality.  I'd love to read some educated and constructive opinions on this.  Thanks
11:05 who is this??
This video keep triggering me but i still want to watch it
Schizophrenia sounds so scary, hearing/seeing things that aren't there, especially when it's scary, like hearing a scream, voices telling u to end it all or a scary figure in your peripheral vision etc.
so what i understand is that schizophrenia is hallucinations out side of self meaning they see and feel a person in front of them. Dissociative identity disorder is within themselves and has multiple personalities. Does schizophrenia also have personalities taking over?
if your wondering about the guy his name is jorge and idk why he was cut out his @ is nikolathousand
thank you so much for this video, this is the first time in my life I ever hear / learn about the diagnosis in a genuine way.  brilliant work!
if anyone is worried about symptoms look into Narrative therapy
My dog talks to me in english
I have a friend with schizophrenia and were still only in high school and this had really helped me understand it more, thank you for this
what was that 11:05
"i Spent a day with dungeons masters" pls bring matt mercer
I often find myself scared or think someone is looking at me, same someone hugging me it freaks me out but idk what it could be
That was soo interesting to hear that she doesn't tell people where her hallucinations are so that people won't interact with it, I feel like that should be such trivilal knowledge but I never would've guessed that that's how someone who's experiencing a halluzination feels like
I am beyond thankful for Kodys advice on using his phones camera!!! My visuals are often trusted passed loved ones. Which consist of my mom, dad, and my mother in law (i knew her since before i was a teenager so it was expected of me to respect her just like my actual parents, she could give me premission to do things just like them too so she was more so like a step mom). I have always had struggles of suicidal ideations. And after my dad passed away i started to heavily hear 1 or a combination of them in some sort of way say to harm myself, make fellow loved ones lives easier, come join them and we can be a happy family again, and other things like that basically telling me to kill myself. But i have strong faith in Kodys idea with his phones camera and genuinely think it could help me. And at the very least help me talk myself down and understand if one thing isnt really happening then the other half isn't. Ive never thought of that before and i am sooooo grateful.
11:05 wtf who is that? Why did it just randomly flash the dude?
I'm pretty sure they cut someone out of the video
I am diagnosed with undifferentiated schizophrenia. Fortunately for me it is just two different harmless visuals.  At times I see phantom rain. Very rarely the faces of the people I know change ever so slightly from what they usually look like.
Demons.
What do people with schizophrenia see? I'm curious
As a person who cannot get help for my schizophrenia this was very helpful and comforting ty
Not letting a disorder define yourself means you have a greater meaning in your life.
Thanks for raising awareness! I was raised in a community where schizophrenia was largely stigmatized. I was literally afraid of people with diagnosis, much like someone may think of people with DID as murderers. I am happy to see real life with real people and their struggles.
I’m upset because I can’t try to sympathize or relate to the voices in their heads, seeing as I have no inner monologue at all. Schizophrenia seems so scary, It’s upsetting! I feel so bad, yet there’s nothing I can really do…
My mother says how her aunt would see her rug as worms, and now we are starting to think that me and my brother also might have signs of schizophrenia. A few days ago my brother said he saw a fingers coming from the door but wasn't exactly touching the door, and a week or two ago I would see people and if I let myself then I will sometimes see buildings as their like ran down version, and some other things but it mostly happens at school or while my dad or mom or sometimes aunt is driving, it once happened at my boyfriend's house but I never told him, I seen like his restroom as if it was like 400 years later and no one touched the house so things were all weird and stuff. Sometimes it could be worst but thats very rare in my case. Oh and sometimes I would see my grandma or what I last remember her looking like, out side of my school building through a window just watching me. I told very few people because I was scared of how my friends would react, about a year of me first realizing I was actually seeing people I told my boyfriend and he was worried about something happening to me.
11:06 ?
i feel like horror films do the visual simulations well.... lol
Pls credit the original creator of the trailer mynameisderr
I am deathly afraid of spiders (I almost threw my phone when I saw a clip of the spider) I don’t think I could survive hallucinating spiders all the time.
i have an auntie who has both untreated autism and schizophrenia. as a kid, i could clearly tell something about her was different, but she never harmed anyone so i was never scared of her. i hung out with her, talked to her, lent her my dolls so she could design and sew dresses for them. she is fascinated with fashion and very talented too, the dresses she made for our dolls was all handsewn with love and care, and they were haute couture level of craftmanship. that woman is a hecking goat when it comes to fashion.  a random summer day when i was 17, my dad (her brother) pulled me aside and told me that basically, my auntie got "possessed" by an evil spirit or a demon, i can't recall. she had been having problems with hallucination leading to that point, but for some reason, she had a mental breakdown which triggered a full blown psychosis episode that lasted a whole month. one hour she was fine, the next she was screaming for help because she thought my grandma kidnapped her when she was a child, that the bearded man who communicated with her in tongues was her real father trying to claim her back. the next hour, she was back to normal again. this cycle got so out of hand that my grandma had to get her exorcised to turn her back to "normal". this shit only stopped when my auntie fainted mid ritual because she couldn't handle it anymore, the shaman who conducted the exorcism then had the fucking audacity to tell my grandma my auntie had been cleansed off "the evil" and she would be "normal" soon. which is the most bullshity thing i've ever heard in my life.  i told my dad she showed symtomps of schizophrenia and that continual exorcisms would only worsen her condition, we should get her professional help instead. but as you can see, he was not happy with my conclusion, saying that there is no way his sister is "broken like that naturally". the result is that my auntie got so traumatised she can't make a single coherent sentence again, only speaking in gibberish. she has turned into a shadow of her former self. i almost feel pity for her, but there were moments when she looked at how i dress, her face would light up and she would compliment my outfit choice. it was like she was truly living and breathing again. moments like that reminds me that she is still very much a person with hopes and dreams, her true self is just hidden behind a mental disorder. i am glad that i was able to bring her out, even just for a split second.
This is a really informative video but the editing needs to be fixed cos we can still see flashes of another interviewee around 6:50 and 11:05. Very distracting.  edit: 15:47 and 19:34 also need fixing, too.
I agree with Cecilia about how they should at least talk about psychosis, mental health, and brain health, not even just early on. They should continue it in highschool as well. My bestfriend growing up had a sister and her sisters friend has schizophrenia. Her sister knew, because he was very open, and honest with her about it all, but we (my friend and I) only knew he had it, we knew nothing about it. When Kody started to talk about the scissors it reminded me of a time when I was at my friends house and her sister had her friend over and he walked out into the livingroom with scissors in his hand. He had a blank look on his face and then went after my friend. I remember it as a scary/crazy situation because I had no idea why he was doing what he was doing. He didn't hurt her, he stood there for a moment, that look went away and he saw what he was doing and how scared my friend was and he backed off, said sorry, and walked away. My friend told her sister she didn't want him to come around anymore so they had to hang out at other places. To us it was weird/scary behavior, but now hearing Kody's story of not remembering getting the scissors it makes me feel bad about how everyone reacted. We were ignorant we had no idea about it, and I feel if it was talked about in school maybe that evening would have went different.
why tf is the music at the beginning so damn intense for a serious conversation about a mental disorder
the intro is leterally from google 😍
11:05 Who was that person in the mirror? Did they randomly switch for a second
Who’s the guy that keeps flashing on the screen? Have any of y’all seen that? Am I schizophrenic????
I'M A VET THAT WAS SCHIZOPHRENIC BEFORE I WENT INTO THE MARINE CORPS, THEN I GOT BLOWN UP IN THE MIDDLE EAST I FOR THE MOST PART I AM A RECLUSE I UNDERSTAND THAT I AM SCHIZOPHRENIC BUT I KINDA HIDE INSIDE SO I AM TRULY HONORED TO    KNOW THAT SOME ONE IS EXPLAINING THIS DISORDER THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH
That’s sooo smart to use your phone to check
I would brake down crying if I saw giant spiders that’s terrifying
Does that mean that flat earthers have schizophrenia, cuz they have delusions.
who's the person at 11:05 ?
The delusions tha kody stated he had are actually very similar to mine. Some days at school i would have a complete zoned out experience where i saw myself in a void, and then i started to belive tha all the mere coincidences that happened in my life was a part of a simulation or something in the lines of that. I thought tha i was a person moving through a void while my life was just a dream unfolding in front of my eyes. Pretty scary and certainly not helpful when i was trying to concentrate, yet it didnt happen very often. As a small kid, and sometimes now, i used to have these repetitive dreams where i could see the organs in my body while there would just be static sound to it. Wat was so strange about these dreams is i felt awake, i could feel my body moving yet my eyes would not open. The image of my own organs moving around and somehow pulsating would still be there. There was no reason tha i would have dreamt this since it started when i was round 5 or 6, i never really saw organs at all, closest thing to it was be a bloody nose or a scratch tha bled out at bit, and they werent in no way as gory as my dreams turned out to me. Tried searching for anything tha might cause both of those things, found nothing :(
these "I spent a day with ..." videos probably literally saves people's lives... keep doin what your doin Anthony
11:05 who’s that?
im sorry 1:03...  WAS THAT FORTNITE CUBE?!?!
19:34 where was he the whole video?
8:30
💛
My eldest sister has schizoaffective disorder bipolar type but because of her intellectual disability she does not know what is real and what is not 😞 she gets angry whenever my other sister or my mom would try to help or let her know something is not actually there and most times she just ignores us.. she used to take abilify but they switched her to aripiprazole. She recently ended up going through a traumatizing episode.. was acting as if she was possessed, saying horrible and vulgar things.. she had to be hospitalized for the night. My family and I are not sure sure what to do anymore, we’re at a loss and feel as if she’s not trying to get any better.. I know my sisters case is really different from others with this disorder, but does anyone have any advice on what my family and I can do? 😞
Kody looks like mr beast am i the only one who sees it
Hi. I watch whole mention video. I have a seizure, would you post the  seizure one ? Thank u to post. Best Regards
I don't have schizophrenia, but people with schizophrenia should know that they're not crazy.  Their brain is just wired differently.
My mother is schizophrenic and for years it was bad for all of us (the worst for her of course) she was prone to self harm because of the delusions and it was hard watching her hurt herself and being unable to help (I had no clue what to do about it) thankfully it's better now with meds. It was nice hearing other people's unique experiences with it.
I have schizophrenia and ADD, it's so hard
Why the last guy dint show up on the vídeo, only the final moment
SHE SAW THE CLOWN
i take massive amounts of DPH to make myself this way :D
my dad was diagnosed with schizophrenia by his therapist at the young age of 16, he still has "hallucinations" and voices but he's not scared or afraid of them he actually says they are his friends and that they don't like it wen he talks about them and whenever he does talk or even mention them he hears a lot of loud voices surrounding him telling him to k!ll himself so he doesn't mention them much anymore and he also claims to collect souls and how he's not gifted he just has the advantage to knowing what he's capable of he is supposed to teach me how to capture souls in a few years since i see and hear things too (it's not as bad as it is for him but still) and i'm the only person that believes him, i mean how could i not when i'm experiencing the same things. anyways since he can't talk about it a lot this video helped me understand what he's going through a little more awesome vid man
I dont hve schizophrenia but when i was bout 5 i started seeing colorful dots and a tall black figure with red eyes and spikes. He usally would live in the closet and i named him pablo :)
i have known someone with schizo and they said sometimes the person they have visiuons of can sometimes take control of an arm of theirs and that specific arm could get agressive, like punching or trying to harm themselves or the person next to them (because that person he has visions of has a very hatred reletionship and doesnt want him to be happy). just wanna know if thats somethings someone else with schizo also have
You should interview people diagnosed with panic disorder The disorder itself is not as pleasant as it sounds
I just realized I wasn't subscribed to this channel.... and I felt bad.
Spiders and clowns gurl I feel for you
Seeing how respectful he was as someone with schizophrenia, makes me happy :)
I have anxity and i was convinced that i have schizophrenia
Weirdly in South Africa many people that are diagnosed with schizophrenia usually seek traditional healers(Sangoma) to help them out. Sangomas say that everything has some connections with spirits. So they give you medicines that are dug up in forests and Savannahs. The medicines used are 1000's of years old and the plants needed to obtain the medicines are passed down from generation to generation. So basically you are given a medicine that you set on fire in your house, one that you bath in, and one that you drink. And while you do that you should be praying to your ancestors to guide you through life. And trust me it works like crazy.  I was having extreme hallucinations and delusions. I would go days without almost 0 sleep. It was terrible. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia but my mom said we should do what our ancestors did when they had mental issues. It worked after 3 days of doing those three things for three days in a row. I was amazed. I went to sleep in my own bad after a year(15yo at the time). I left my special needs school and went to normal school. My life changed and respect to that woman. Most Southern Africans know about Sangomas (or Inhanga).
did anyone else see there’s another transom guy at 11:05? 😭😭
So there were three guests, but only two made into this video.  At the end you can see third guest. Or can you?
I watch people talk about having schizophrenia when I start to feel sorry for myself about having bipolar disorder. Schizophrenia is just bipolar disorder with EXTRA seasonings. I have so much respect for the strength it takes to face psychosis in schizophrenia form. Mania is hard enough😪
I’d been in and out of mental facilities for a few years in my middle and high school years and my paths crossed many kids with schizophrenia who’d attempted and at this point if someone tells me they have schizophrenia my response is “oh okay” 👍
Who was the third guy on the screen.? With the red headphones at the very end
To anyone experiencing anything that was discussed in this video or similar to….you are just as human as everyone and deserve the care and respect that everyone is entitled to
I thought the title said "I spent a day w/ ARGENTINIANS" for a bit
I am diagnoced with paranoid schizophrenia.  My first symptom's came when I was 4 years old. I was in kindergarten and told a caregiver that "the man says i should just die". Nobody took that serious and it was first when I was 15 years old i was attacked by a swarm of bugs (not real) and went in to complete panic that people started to question if something was wrong. I went to my doctor and was sent to a therapist. They diagnosed me with schizotypical disorder ( I'm from Denmark and at the time it was not allowed to diagnose schizophrenia on a child) i started to tell them was i was seeing and hearing (i thought everyone experienced this) i was hearing 2 male voices besided my head, one was mean and wanted to hurt me, the other was kind to me, like a devil and Angel situation. I saw blood dripping from the sealing, water looked like and tasted like blood. I saw big snakes on the ground and enormous spiders (1 meter tall and with 3 eyes) i even saw my loved ones face change to a demon face if i was with them for more than 2 hours.i was not scared of any of these things.  I got some medications that unfortunately made me aggressive so i stopped taking it.  When I was 18 i had a panic attack where i believed i was having a heart attack. They took me to the hospital and i was not having any physical problems so they told me to walk over to a unit for patient's who needed psychiatric help quickly. They would not admit me and just gave me an appointment with a psychiatrist one month later.  I went to this appointment and in 30 minutes he diagnosed me with paranoid schizophrenia. I was in chok, i thought people with that disorder was dangerous bad people who killed people and changed personalitys, i even once heard someone say that you should never turn your back to a person with schizophrenia becourse they will attack you.  I was in chok and was admitted to the psyck ward for 3 days.   I now know that it's a really small percentage who gets dangerous, and its almost always people who sought help and was denied help. People with schizophrenia does not change personality and those with DID who does have more than one personality is not dangerous.   My best friend through 15 years would now not be my friend becourse i was scary, i told her i had those symptoms for all the time she new me and i was still the same person but she would not listen.  I have been rejected in the dating becourse i have this.  I have been told that if i ever get pregnant they will most likely take my baby away right after birth.  My drivers license is only for 2 years at a time, i have to get it renewed every 2 years.   Now these are the negative effects of getting the diagnose.   The good things are that now i no longer see things there is not there, i dont hear voices, water is just water. I can relax with my family and friends. I feel great and are Happy. I am now out of the system and live a healthy happy life and i am really grateful i got the help i needed.   So if you are experiencing any symtoms please seek help, it will be Worth it in the end, don't postpone your road to a happy healthy life.
I wonder if anyone who has schizophrenia has experienced people trying to convince them that their reality doesn't matter and that they should rely on someone else's and or have been subjected to more toxic relationships involving gaslighting?
How come these folks seem to only hallucinate scary stuff? That seems to be the norm. Why don’t they see rainbows and magical creatures that want to bless them with wishes and money? (Hope that doesn’t sound like I’m mocking cause I’m not!! I’m genuinely curious)
i know this was made a while ago but i was watching this and like, is there someone there who didn't make it into the video? cause they're there at the end but they aren't in the main portion...
Jesus, schizophrenics literally live in a horror movie
Why was the  african american guy was cut out? I remembered watching this before he was cut it out.
Why was this one so terrifying I feel so paranoid I don't have schizophrenia but I do however see t alot of things and hear things and feel think I am not diagnosed with it I do not have it tho
I had visual, auditory and sensory hallutinations in a sleep paralysis episide, I can't imagine having that all the time 🤯
My uncle had bad schizophrenia, in a facility that did bare minimum for him in Rockford… it’s so sad to see when they have it that bad how medicine to wear off over the years they’re constantly trying to control it. 💔 thank you for this!! My uncle just passed away this last July and people don’t realize even how broad of the spectrum it can be on..  he was to the point where he would tell me and my mom that there were kids in the trees
Who is the guy at 11:05
I'm dealing with pretty bad derealization and depersonalization that I'm debating whether I have schizophrenia. I don't have hallucinations but I'm starting to get more delusions. It convinced me it was natural but it's starting to get more scary
watching this bc my bf has it and wanna learn more of what its like. I haven't seen him in 3 weeks. I miss him a lot.
I was confused at first why they were all going it through video, then I saw the date of upload and I remembered
I really thought it was if you see the voices you hear
the scariest part the part of the spiders Arachnophobia moment😂
why was the 2nd guy cut out of the video?? :<
i feel bad for them if i saw a clown in my room i would probly faint
it's really cool that one of the people in the video is able to use a camera to identify hallucinations.
thanks for doing these episodes.
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia at 15 and I’m actually so happy that he made a video about it so people can learn more about the disorder!! But Something they didn’t mention is the  hygiene part of it because I used to go 3 months without showering, days without brushing my teeth.
Damn i have suspected schizophrenia which i think i do strongly but thats up to the psychiatrists.  I have all the symptoms. And have had for 10 years T.T  But idk they judt say its my sevre anxiety
I’m a care provider (not with an agency) and my client has bipolar, schizophrenia, autism, depression, anxiety, and insomnia. I can NOT imagine how hard that would be on a daily basis.
kody fr looks like mr beast lol
6:50,is it just me or is there a brief flash of another person while transitioning to Kody again?
Oh no, so this is what ghost came from.
The guy using the phone for his hallucinations is a great idea, not for everyone of course
Very well done video.  But, did anyone else see the other person for a second just after the 11:00 mark?!
Anyone else see that random guy with red head phones at 6:49
a couple months ago i was admitted into a mental hospital. I met a girl around my age (14) that had schizophrenia, and she was one of the nicest people there. When i first got there i sat in a chair by the nursing station, and she was sitting up in bed. she saw me, and i had been bawling crying. she smiled at me and waved. i waved back. it felt like she told me it was going to be ok, and I’ll never forget her little act of kindness she showed me that night. We were told to kind of keep our distance from her and i never really saw her, but her gesture resented with me in a way that stuck with me even after i left that hospital.
I've used my phone for my auditory hallucinations too. It's helped immensely with keeping me grounded in reality. The phone thing definitely works for me too. I was amazed he said that when I watched this cause I thought I was the only one that discovered this "hack" so to speak.
Imagine the world being as accepting as Anthony Padilla... There would be so much peace.
Schizophrenia must be terrifying
Why'd that one dude get removed from the vid
Thank you to your guests ! I love these videos, a year later & it all still stands up as fantastic & sensitive to the topic
People with Schizophrenia may self medicate with hard drugs like meth, and that in turn may cause abuse and become a danger to others.
Hearing about the spider hallucinations makes me really glad I don't have Schizophrenia.  Living with it must be really hard.
THESE ARENT REAL SCHIZOPHRENICS. the deepstate hired actors to influence the publics perception of Gods chosen people, THEY ARE SCARED OF US
my dad had schizoaffective disorder, and as a child i was genuinely frightened of him. he had episodes all the time and i really thought he was some sort of monster. i lost him when i was ten, and now i'm about to turn fourteen. not a day goes by that i don't regret the way i treated him. and the only reason i am aware he wasn't actually a scary monster is because i took it upon myself to educate myself. if schools really focused more on education for mental health early on and not just briefly discuss depression in highschool, maybe i could have had a few more good days with him. i wouldn't have been so afraid and maybe things would have even worked out a little better. i might have even been able to begin to work through my own mental disorders earlier on as well.
6:49 whos this
Thats so scary somthing telling u end ur life this life is fakr
Wait why didn’t we hear anything from the third person ?
Wow these ppl have been so strong ❤️ very inspiring
:)
I would be so scared to be alone at home or anywhere if I had that my overthink and always thinking like a little hamster in his weel dude have that more I’ll be just paralyzed I have so much respect to whoever have schizophrenia. I wonder if it happened that someone with schizophrenia had ever feel in love or got like super attached to a hallucination like how much it affected them knowing it wasn’t real.
How bout 9 years straight w a gf
I suffered from schizophrenia since I was like 4 too now. This video really shows the side
who is that person at 11:03 ? is that an editing error
WHO IS THE GUY AT 11:05 / 11:04 A BLACK DUDE POPS UP FOR A SECOND OR AM I SCHIZOPHRENIC TO
hey
anthonys really out here doing amazing work, giving voices a place to speak
there was a third guy but why was he not shown?
11:05 and 1:42 (don't blink or you will miss it) Who is that?
I very much appreciated the level of detail and experience that Kody went into to understand this disorder. It's essentially an unwanted augmented reality. The scissors thing really gets me. It's pretty incomprehensible to just be handed scissors and then come to the realization that there was no one there to have handed the scissors to him. It must be tough, but I'm glad those two were able to help us understand their world more.
What a cruel disease.
No one should have through go to schizophrenia but these people are strong and brave for going through all of that.
my brother has this
as someone without schizophernia, here is my best interpretation of hallucinations. your brain picks up external data, interprets that data, relays that to the senses, and that's your reality, but now its picking up data that isnt there and its taking that non existent data and relaying to the sensing to perceive it anyway. so the brain unconsciously imagines things that could exist, then misclassifies that thought as something that does exist, puts it under external data received, and your senses pick then pull that as real.
Do bipolar with psychotic features!! ❤️❤️ please
These people are so brave. I was wondering if anyone can answer me, why are all the visions/voices/etc such typically frightening things (spiders, clowns, faceless people)? is that' simply a quintessential part of the disorder?
Daily Reminder: You worth living! Jesus loves you and so do i!
Honestly one of the best channels out here
I have a friend who is schizophrenic and they are one of the nicest people I have ever met ^^
I love how the comments is the most I've ever seen other schizophrenics and when I have episodes I just want my friends to just keep talking to me like don't leave me alone👍
Its interesting.  Think about what sleep is. Why do some people see whole worlds in their minds at night during sleep.  That form is normal. But if your dreams enter into your wakeing life. Thats not normal. Thats more of a safety thing. For example walking straight into a car you couldnt see because you were on a grassy open feild.  What i am trying to state is. That sounds like a thing our brains have been told to develop unconciousely. And people are experiencing the ability  to turn it on. But not learn how to turn it off.  This is a form of imprisonment where we are told to ask another rather then deal with it in our selves.  I see many things in night dreams. Places i have never seen in life or on line/books. Movies show the same format , grand places, big ideas.. .. . Inventions and machines.  Everything humans built , was a form of day dream. My mind can build visually inside its self. But i do not have the tools to see it as clear as i have seen night dreams. If this ability were expressed to a physical point outside my body. My thought would be, i would want to know which 'button' to press to internalize it. Not have a medical 'button' surpress the ability by harbouring me more drowsy.  Surrpression is the format of medication i believe they give out and give many names to.  When i stated below about the faces. Because in this video he talks of seeing faces change. This came about through a form of tiredness. I developed it through time. It began by defocusing my eyes and learning to keep staring through light placement. After staring at the moon when it was full for a while (months) i began being able to dis place the light and hold the refocus on the object. By doing that the light changed as most filtered away from the moon. The res of the light tightened and became lines, circuling the moon. The symbol it - the moon, will resembel is the science logo or it is none as the lotus flower. These are prerecored symbols established already which i drew from memorie when i saw it in the moon. I figured that was how those people came to term it- symbolically.  So anyone can do it. With patients. The moon will begin to look:  white on the outside. Orange or yellow on the inside. Like an egg. Then if you can keep holding eye contact. You will begin seeing sharpe white lines incirceling the moon.   Some say its a delusion. Some dont beleive unless easily in frount. My point is when did we stop beleiveing in what we can become when we redevelope a problem. Looking at is as something that can become structured and utilized for something greater.  It is a superpower to see something to experience something and to begin to safely understand it.  Through the excercise of defucusing my eyes. I was working with my eyes.  And they became better. I was able to lesson my prescription.  I have never beleived in the thought of add onto glasses prescription making them strongering and thinking eyes cant heal them selves.  That is why i led my self into trying to see clearer without an ever stronger perscription.
Wtf was that at 11:05 lmao
do a video on epilepsy and invite me 🤬🤬
So I'm guessing this was an editing error, but I have to say that I noticed at 11:05 that for a very quick moment, there's someone there who wasn't named as a guest but looks like they were supposed to be. Really threw me off, what with the content of the video and all.  But yeah, I really appreciate this video so far. This is probably one of the most severely stigmatized mental illnesses from my experience, so I'm really happy to see this.
Real life Clown hallucinations based on *IT* is the most terrifying thing I’ve ever heard
This was an incredibly educational and eye opening video. Thank you!
as a person who makes characters with mental illnesses, i always love watching these videos because it helps me bring in more information into the situation my characters are in, letting me not assume, and with that, offend people with the actual md. these videos have helped me with my storytelling and so much more! thank you so much Anthony! - Phoebus
what is that screen thing they’re appearing on? i’m confused lol
what if Anthony just disappeared at the end
My partner has schizophrenia so this video really helps me how to help them!
What if people with schizophrenia are just blessed with the ability to see in other realms y’all are superstars please remember your not alone and we all love you ❤️
Smoke and mirrors
Production value is everything
I'm watching this at night it's kinda scary
If you ever want to do an episode on Depersonalization Derealization Disorder let me know! <3
So I'm just watching this now for the first time and looking at the comments and the video it seems like there was a third person being interviewed who has been cut from the video since then, does anyone know what happened?
i love this episode, but what is up with these cuts
Since my mom has schizophrenia and developed it when she was 36 she would hear voices and thought god talked to her about me n my brother would die if she didint do certain things and overdosed because “god” said me and my brother would die and she wanted to be closer to god and was in and out of dbhc for about 1 and a half year thankfully she got on the correct meds and is doing much better she still has a lot of anxiety and has to smoke to help her not have delusions and anxiety
Watching this make me realize what has happened to my cousin he doesn’t have schizophrenia but because the meds he had to take the two meds made him see thing and hear things he lived with it for like 8 years and finally decided to speak up and he got treatment and he can now do things he always wanted to do like play football on a team and not be in constant fear of what is going on around him and he already struggles with autism,ADHD,and OCD and I’m so glad that he has grown on to be the amazing kind hearted kid he is!
Swear to God these people are possessed
I'm seeing some editing errors. it seems like a third interview segment was cut out leaving a millisecond behind. I'm sure the editing has improved since this video. I hope the person no longer featured is doing well. thank you for sharing these experiences with us. very imformative.
I watched a video on specialbooksbyspecialkids channel and a girl had hallucinations of the IT clown as well. She was apparently seeing it during the interview but it’s better to not ask where or to try to see it because it’s not healthy to act like it’s there for them.
WHY WAS THE BLACK MAN CUT OUT?
At 1:43 who is that
Did you guys also notice the guy at the beginning of 6:50 or 6:49
I'm schizophrenic,  diagnosed at 15. Hospitalized at 15. There is a whole other side to schizophrenia not being portrayed by any video I've seen not just yours. I feel leaving it out is a disjustice even tho negative stigma applies whole truth should be known
The only hallucinations i had was after being awake for ~72h, and those were already pretty upsetting. The upsetting part for me was having stop constantly to double check if i was trippin or not.  That was just a window of 10 minutes, after which i was like "man i need to go sleep real quick, im shutting down".
11:05 who's in that one frame?
I have schizophrenia. One time I thought I had been transformed into a supernatural entity.
minesz are usually quite until im truly alone kinda
He has a colon on his shirt :D
Wonderfully educational. You did fantastic to find 2 likable, successful people to articulate their experience. Wish everyone could see this video. Masterpiece. Tytyty to all who made it.
I get frequent auditory hallucinations but 80% of the time it's related to dogs/other canines
I really have a great respect for people who were diagnosed with this and have to deal with things like that on a day to day. I would encourage anyone who is struggling with this to seek God more because he is able to help you . He loves you. God bless
I also think like what if I was in a coma and my family were just waiting for me to wake up. Glad I’m not the only one.
It sounds like it’s an illness that comes from the place in the brain that specifically stimulates a fear response…spiders, dark shadowy figures, clowns, a voice from somewhere that has nobody there, closet, knives, scissors, suicide, etc…and that’s just the samples These people have said…there’s a whole lot of things people are scared of…does an early life scare have an impact on future hallucination? wonder if the brain patterns are different when living reality vs living a hallucination or auditory hallucination…I have so many questions
my uncle has schizophrenia, he isn't medicated and living near him is nearly impossible, his whole life is extremely sad since my family members just ignore it trying to pretend everything's ok I usually see him talking alone, like he's having a conversation out loud but there isn't anyone there  But he is just extremely alone, since we can't just live around him, he can't work, he just stays the whole day playing alone
That edit of him falling through the roof was fireeee
As a person that has schizophrenia just respect
It is HIGHLY unlikely to be diagnosed with schizophrenia in your teenage years. It's usually diagnosed in the early to late 20's and early 30's.
tnx you helped me understand a friend a lot more
Thank you for sharing your experience and perspective
Uhm Hi, Can you do the next content about Teenagers who have Possessive Parents? I think it would be a great one
my birth mom had schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and I've never really known to much Abt both of them. but I got put up for adoption because she had them and nobody really expand schizophrenia to me so thank you for this video:)
i am diagnosed and some days i am completely convinced i am the only person alive and every one else can read my mind. it is scary feeling like i’m the only person in the world and so i feel i cannot trust anyone. I do take meds and they help a lot. episodes usually happen while im kinda out of it, for example when im under the influence of drugs (which i don’t do anymore), or when im falling asleep or waking up
I have a question for hopefully a part 2: You guys mentioned you had delusions, and that people often underestimated what you could do in life, your dreams and so on. How do you differentiate between your dreams, your goals and your delusions?  One of the delusions mentioned was thinking he was in a coma.  My brother's delusions are thinking magic is real.. He talks about reading people's aura's, reading people's minds, hearing their thoughts.   In the past he has mentioned that he heard our grandfathers' voices - both of them - even though they were long gone. It was voices of people he knew, I'm not sure if he has had different voices of unknown origin. But I wonder... Could reading minds or hearing people's thoughts not be the delusion but be the voices he hears. He could fit instance hear that I said someone to him and that's why he could get angry thinking it was something I said.  I just noticed it was all a character or unknown voices or faces. But never anyone they knew. I would love to hear from those with schizophrenia where they do hear specifically the voices or see people they know, dead or alive.   The other thing though is that my brother has this idea that he would love to own a property (like or grandfather did) and have horses. Or he talks about building his own boat. He used to do metal work, so is pretty good at building or designing things. It's a shame I couldn't get him into painting or those community life drawing classes... Coz that would have helped a lot. Though he has taken to playing the guitar again which is awesome.  But unlike dreams it is a "I'm going to build this boat" or when I build this it's gonna be great. It's like the delusions and dreams have blended into one for him. So how do people with this illness pull those apart and work on something tangible? When she said that she is underestimated, that she had goals and dreams, it immediately made be feel guilty as I pass these goals or dreams off as the delusion as well. But in the past 5-10 years my family and I have kind of been more positive towards it. Because he seemed happy to talk about those things all day. But then maybe it is all over big delusion for him as it's more of a coping mechanism? Talk about what you enjoy, even if it might be happen, but it makes you look towards something, rather than nothing at all.   My brother doesn't have a full time job anymore, every time he tried to get back to work, he couldn't handle the stress and would spiral downhill again. So is on pension. But I wonder if having some sort of building maybe wood carving hobby would help.   But it would be great to see how people with schizophrenia are able to have working lives or part time working lives. Or hobbies and how that helps them cope. Or really any sort of disorder or condition, doesn't have to just be schizophrenia. I think that would be great to hear about and will help those with these conditions that aren't able to fully function, so they can find things they can enjoy or do to make themselves feel more worthwhile, validated and feel great about themselves.
Thank you so much for sharing this! And not to diminish what these guys said, as it's been super informative and an eye opener, but people can get violent. However it's normally because they are scared or confused, or its self defence for them as they are scared of being hurt. My brother was diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was around 22. He also had depression though so maybe it was a part of that.  My experience was that he didn't know what was real or not. I also didn't know how to deal with him being the way he was as I was only in highschool. And this was back in early 2000 so there wasn't an much information on schizophrenia back then. But in times when it got really bad and I didn't handle it well. I would get frustrated, angry and also scared, especially when he would suddenly get angry at me over the slightest thing I did or thing I said, which now I guess he was also hearing other voices so maybe they would say something mean to him or said I did something. I am not sure.  But my brother would get angry and scared and lash out at me, in one particular case he stomped really hard onto my foot (he was a lot older than me so yeah it frikin hurt like hell for days).  But I was also upset because my brother was a super nice and thoughtful person and thankfully still is. So at the time a lot of my anger and upset part was because it felt like I had lost my brother and I didn't know how to interact with this one.   But a long time has past since then. Thankfully he finally was able to see that he had this condition and he needed to take the medication so he could enjoy life again and have some sort of functioning, and hopefully less fear and chaos. He's still sorry thoughtful, loves finding out how my week has been, has some really great friends who accept him as he is, and yeah, it's life changing going on medication.   So I just wanted to spend the time right now to thank you Anthony for this video and everyone on here for sharing their experiences because it does help us understand and appreciate what these people go through and hopefully show a better response to people we know or if we come across people with this illness in the future and hopefully be a be support beacon for them. 😊
so glad you are doing these videos! as a psychology student I love getting to hear about these disorders, conditions, etc,  from actual real people with real experiences and not just from a textbook.
Ah, thank you Cody for the tip. I can identify hallucinations and some spirits well now. :]
rip etika
I have a coworker with complex visua / auditory hallucinations. He mainly hears or sees people that aren’t there. When we are at Uni / work, he often takes out his phone, takes a video and looks through it, because his hallucinations don’t show up on video. It’s his way of making sure he “doesn’t talk to air”.
As someone that has schizophrenia, thank you for being one of the few people that doesn’t judge me(us). My family refused treatment for mine but got treatment for my epilepsy. Never gave me a reason why.
hey! have you thought of, or have any plans on doing a video with people who have pure OCD?
These disorders are still very recently discovered and we will definitely learn more about them in the next few decades.   My husband was originally diagnosed with a disassociative disorder by a psychologist, then a couple years later diagnosed with schizophrenia from a psychiatrist. I believe disassociative disorders and schizophrenic disorders are linked as a spectrum itself. One side being protective schizophrenia, the other destructive schizophrenia.   Wouldn’t be surprised if DID, once known and believed as a multiple personality disorder, will be named something like protective disassociative schizophrenia. Just like Aspergers and autism used to be separate disorders themselves and now on the spectrum of high functioning to lower functioning autism.   I’m fascinated where the research takes us, hopefully create better diagnosis processes and treatments, because it’s hard to even get the correct treatment for schizophrenia. That’s a journey in itself, and it’s so saddening seeing loved ones suffer through this journey.  There is not one medication that can help and sometimes even the side affects can make it worse for the person, until the best one for them is found.
I'm a teenager on the schizophrenic spectrum, I really appreciate whenever we're just presented as normal people
i did mental health first aid training in college and one of the activities we did was get into groups of three, roll up a piece of paper into a tube, and then designate roles. one person would experience an "auditory hallucination," one would be conversing with said person, and the other would be the hallucination. the "hallucination" took the tube of paper and put it up the the one experiencing the hallucination and read a script of some of the stuff people can hear during them. during this the one experiencing it had to try to maintain a conversation with the other person. i think it gave a good insight into it not just "being voices in their head" but rather show that it can be outside of the body like what was kind of described in the video.
Thanks for talking about this topic today, and to the guests for being open about this. My father has Schizophrenia, and my family used it as an excuse to stop talking to him when they divorced. We've reconnected years later and he's a really gentle person, its so sad that he never got the treatment he needed at the time. He's treated now thank goodness, and I'm glad that there's more treatments available today.
I always feel like they're tapping into something we can't see or hear.
I mean schizophrenia should be more normalized but then also there are some things that could happen due to schizophrenia like for example they could kill themselves, something might happen to others, but also they need to get the help they deserve and the treatment they deserve, and people shouldn't be as mean about it but then again should have their precautions. If I had schizophrenia and heard freaking whispers from somewhere I'm out of the house, I heard one close to my ear once and it never happened , I don't claim to have schizophrenia, it might be a demon idk 🤷🏾‍♀️ the whisper was kind of like a singing voice I was watching a video at that time and it wasn't in the video. But I could understand that it might be scary and it is with it because of the delusions mostly. Honestly this is such an educational video, love it.
Hi Anthony!  I would love the opportunity to speak publicly as someone who wakes up everyday and conquers a SCHIZOAFFECTIVE diagnosis.  If there is ever a time, I would love the privilege to be a face for my brothers and sisters who live with a similar diagnosis.  I strive to bring awareness to mental health, and it is something that truly overfills my cup.  Please reach out to me if this is of any interest to you.  My Youtube channel has a link to my other socials, which are the best and quickest ways to get in touch with me.  Cheers, friend!  xoxo House Plantasy
SCHIZOPHRENIA = when your nightmares becomes real.
I think I experienced schizofrenia when I was on halucinogenic like lsd or mushrooms
It's like the exact opposite of aphantasia. If it's a spectrum, there must be some kind of filter that's too thic in aphantasia and too thin in schizophrenia.
I have auditory hallucinations but they aren’t negative in any way. I’ve told my doctors about them and they just think it’s because I’m stressed?!!?!!?! I know it’s definitely not 🤣 but it happens exactly how they deceived, it’s in my ears like they are sounds, they are different voices, sometimes in accents, and sometimes the voices have conversations. At night when I try to sleep the voices and sounds are accompanied by visuals. I notice caffeine makes them worse and more frequent as well. I’ve learned to live with it but I have heard some negative voices but never believed them. It’s hard for me to live with them so I can’t even imagine what people with schizophrenia go through on a daily 🙁❤️
I've seen people in Kody's TikTok comments say things that are really... Triggering for hallucinations. It's so mean and scary how people can be so cruel.
It would be so difficult to experience these things - it’s good that they made a video to explain schizophrenia
I have pains with my schizophrenia. It's like someone stabbing me for hours in my chest. I couldn't get out of bed sometimes. I get Moody and don't feel like doing anything. I take meds but it doesn't take away any of the hallucinations and voices. I listen to music sometimes but I can't listen to music alllll day. Every since I had my First phycotic episode and my diagnosis. It got worst. It's like the demons had gotten exposed. I have suicidal ideation. Thinking about suicide but not going through with it. I feel like I'm fighting for my life and just want God to take me because I'm being tortured .
I LOVE that you interviewed Kody!!! He's taught me so much about schizophrenia through his content.
these people are so brave to do this i just want to let the guests know ik how bold and hard that is im so glad they are proudly educating the public on this disorder 🖤
Yessss shout out to the bitches who call themselves neurotic 💅
why is ny the schizophrenia capital of the world
"you are deserving of talking about your experiences" had me in tears, it's so refreshing how understanding Anthony is, I just stumbled on this channel after suddenly remembering Smosh existed and Wondering what they were up to, I'm glad that Anthony found something that he enjoys doing again and that helps people
In my homeland they chain mentally I’ll people especially schizophrenics they chain them by the leg and have them in cages or in a room it’s sad. A lot of the times they think it’s a spiritual issue (jinn) they think they have a jinn in them.
we are just human.
I WANNA HUG THEM 😭 19:22
I'm super open to people with any mental disorder. But, personally I've had a really bad experience with someone who was having a bad episode. I was having a sleepover at my friends house, and their brother had maced the family and me.
This hits home pretty hard and I'm glad that more people are talking about it.. and I wish people wouldn't view everyone with this diagnosis as scary or crazy because it's hard enough on the ones who have it and often they are constantly living in anxiety and fear and they are right they're more likely to hurt themselves than others.. but don't judge and say derogatory things.. just educate yourself.. and educate others around you..
I don’t remember exactly where I learned this but as a kid I was usually told the people with schizophrenia are crazy people. Its pretty terrifying that I had such a misunderstanding, schools should really try and educate kids to humanize these conditions
Hey! You started being empathetic first!
You guys are amazing, wish I had half your guts confronting life's problems. Wish you all the best, sincerely.
Can you do a bi-polar for interview if it has not been done yet. My bf has bi-polar and don’t really know much about it nor do people understand when someone has a episode.
I watched the documentary with Cecilia a while back.... God bless these special people
I was 17 when I was diagnosed... My parents never believed it and it was a struggle everytime I tell anyone about whats happening to me. For a couple of years I got medication and treatment with it but I eventually stopped and learned how to live with it through grounding, breathing techniques, and understanding. I still hear the voices like its right next to me in the room everyday, the paranoia is still really bad, but It has gotten better with the support I get now from my wife.  From time to time I still see Sadako (The Ring) under my desk. I'm 30 years old now and In 13 years I've had 2 manic episodes that lasted for months. I was never a harm to other, but i was to myself and thank God for my loving wife who's always there for me. It really saddens me though that my relatives never took action until I was skin and bones all beaten up by my ownself.  I hate it when people "believe or not believe" Theres only understanding and trust when someone is calling for help... The problem is a lot of times people end up dying coz no one would help until it gets really bad where it shows, "yeah this guy needs help..."  Anthony, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for making this video and helping bring awareness <3 Much Love!
i love this
I struggled with meth addiction years ago and I had drug induced psychosis many times. I was hospitalized because of the intense hallucinations. I thought everything I was seeing and hearing was real but it was all a hallucination. I can't imagine living my whole life like that!
I would love to see him interview people like me with bipolar 1 and 2
I thought by the thumbnail that Kody was Mr Beast and I thought to myself “that explains everything”  A really close friend of mine with schizophrenia has a very similar personality to Mr Beast
i recently lost my close loved one who battled schizophrenia and suffered from his severe episodes. he ran away and was found a month later after he had killed himself. as someone who didn't fully understand this disorder, it's so informative and gives me insight to how this disorder affects people. the thoughtfulness that carries throughout these episodes are so important. i am very happy anthony talk about these stigmatized mental illnesses. i hope people with schizophrenia get all the support they need, and i'm proud of those who continue to stay resilient.
Those first three noises at the start I’ve used as my intro lmao, I got them from a template In clipchamp
Just watched this again - the spiders are the freakiest! Put my hand over the screen on that part.😱
My aunt had  schizophrenia since she was 18 and is in her late 50's now so she has been on meds for many years. She knows that she is sick because she sees a doctor and takes medicine but sometimes I wonder if she even realizes she has schizophrenia. Can anyone answer this?
Can you spend a day with someone with IBS?
Okay so i am re watching this for educational reasons.   One question i do find myself with is  If you have schizophrenia or schizo-affective dis order and you do use Virtual Reality (VR/google cardboard etc for phones) and you have an episode would it trigger in the virtual world? Also what would happen to re watch yourself playing the game naturally could they hallucinations great a memory of where they were in the gameplay/ would they be there still?   Sorry i had to ask
Last night I felt like I was being watched. I though I heard someone laughing, but I was probably just tired
I’ve only known one person with schizophrenia. I was in a psychiatric hospital with her. We were both older teenagers. Everyone was so cruel to her, including the doctors and nurses, and she had some issues with communication and so she’d talk very softly and sometimes if someone couldn’t hear her several times she might jump up and down in place or something. She wasn’t ever going to hurt someone like that. It was just an expression of frustration to get it out of her body. The nurses would grab her and throw her down and hurt her and she always had bruises. She was also prevented from going to any of the therapy parts of it and they’d lock her in her room almost all of the time.  I was terrified they wouldn’t let me out the whole time I was there, or that they’d hurt me too, and so while I was there I only was kind to her but didn’t say anything. When I got out I tried to report the situation and no one would believe me. They even said I couldn’t make a report one of the times I called because it would be a HIPAA violation for me to know she was there.  I kept calling.  I never was able to find out what happened to her.  I hope she is alright. I hope she got away from her parents who seemed to be abusive from how they behaved the one time they visited and that she didn’t have to be treated like that again.  She was a kind person in spite of the way she was treated.  Even if she wasn’t, she deserved better.  I still feel so worried for her and guilty all of the time because someone should have done something to help her and I was too afraid when I had the opportunity.
gracias por hacerme sentir comodo y no tener verguenza
I’d like to say, watching this video has gave me a better grip on schizophrenia and how to understand my father
People in high school used to tell me that I had multiple personalities
Every now and then I have hallucinations  One time I hallucinated my friend was sitting  in the room with me. Then my friend walked in the room. You could imagine how confused I was 😵‍💫 (Turns out my friend was never in the room with me until they walked in)  I still don’t know why I hallucinate for no reason though 🫤
That camera thing sounds like a amazing tool that should be shared
❤️
“I spent a day” Then just goes on a video chat
So I used to have schizo-affective disorder when I first tried to stop smoking weed. (Probably laced). I never had hallucinations but did have mania and severe paranoia. And I say "used to" cause schizo-affective is a diagnosis they give when it could be something like bipolar.
I want to know more about delusions and paranoia, it feels like everybody just focuses more on the hallucinations and having different characters telling you to do things. But personally I'm really interested in learning more about the delusions that people with schizophrenia have. It feels so scary to me to be completely convinced that something is one way when in reality it's another way. I'd love to know more about Kody's delusion that everything he experienced was just a dream and he was actually in a coma in the hospital. And obviously in that moment that would feel like it was 100% true which is so scary to imagine.
It’s shocking it started at 19 for that guy! I thought people were born with it
Bipolar medication that I did not need (nor did I have BPD), made me have auditory, visual hallucinations & there was no telling me they weren't real & it took me a long time (years) & getting off the Rx to realize the real reality. Because to me, in that moment it was real. I'm not schizophrenic either, idk if I had to add that.
Can u please do one of these with aspd or anti social personality disorder
It's refreshing to see someone treat schizophrenics as actual people. I remember for an assignment I decided to ask classmates about their opinions on Schizophrenia. I asked "what do you think of someone with schizophrenia?" And the number one thing I heard was "crazy." I remember how... Unnerving... it was that so many people thought they were violent psychotics who wore tin hats (someone did allude to the conspiracy theorist idea...) Someone close to me has schizophrenia. She hides it, and I don't blame her. People treat them so badly and wrongly at times, it's fair that she is hesitant of letting others know. I'm glad to see you don't see them as... "Crazy freaks"- cuz they're more than that. They're people. (Note: My wording in this is not intended as negative in any way. Please do not misinterpret anything I say as something to shame those with this illness. I'm stating this mostly to avoid confusion and any arguments.)
Yeah dude honestly I’ve told people I know someone who’s schizophrenic when the topic is brought up and I’ve had people look at me like they were sorry for me or something. Dude maybe he sorry for my buddy he’s a super cool dude but gets looked at like he’s the crazy kid. He was pretty decent at suppressing hallucinations while at school, or not letting them get to him, but he’d pretty frequently hallucinate on the bus and even dissociate entirely and not know where he was, but it was never something hard to handle. You just have to be patient, orient them back in reality a bit (as much as you can at least) and if they wish for space just give them respected space.   It hurts schizophrenics so much when the people around them act like it’s more of a burden to be AROUND someone with schizophrenia rather than being the one diagnosed itself. I swear it would be so much easier for everyone if people just learned to be a little more patient with others, and know the signs of when someone might be in distress or disoriented so then we don’t have incidents of cops like murdering a dude who isn’t even mentally clocked in or there. Like pls can people just be nice??
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia when I was 16 but when I was 25 my psychiatrist changed my diagnosis to schizoaffective
I love Kody so much. He is such a strong human. One of the first people i came across on tiktok and I've been following ever since
The phone thing is genius. I have heard tale of someone with glasses taking their glasses off. And if the hallucination remains clear then they know they are hallucinating
any mental disorder: is a thing  the 15th century: I diagnose you with possession
What about when schizophrenics hallucinate conversations with real people who are actually present?   I had a friend with psychosis who would hallucinate telepathic conversations with me and respond to me verbally when he thought i was communicating with him telepathetically.
Man I feel pretty ashamed for not knowing enough about this condition earlier.
I remember a while back I went to this one place. Idk what it was but it was a camp/collage thing but there was adults that worked there and stuff since I was a teenager.  Well one day this one girl came and she was in my dorm hall. And when she introduced herself she said she had schizophrenia. And I remember that everyone was scared of her because she would always have panic attacks and break downs.   Well me being the nice person I was I thought "Let me go talk to her" and I introduced myself and we eventually became friends  And she was a very nice person once you got to know her. And almost everyday if it was nice outside she would ask the counselor if me and her could go and walk outside. And of course I would say yes. Then we would talk about a lot of things. She was great company.   One thing we talked about was if we could make a movie and what it would be about. But overall she was a very nice person and if I had the chance I would want to see and talk to her again
I'm suspecting that I might have schizophrenia and I've even talked to my therapist about it.  She says that I might have schizophrenia but she doesn't want to talk to me about it because I'm not yet 18 (I'm turning 18 in like 4 months)  It just really messes with me because I know there's something wrong with me, she knows there's something wrong with me but she still says that it could be because my brain isn't fully developed yet.  But I'm really struggling. I'm paranoid most of the time to the point of me isolating myself almost every day. There are days where I can't even look in the mirror cuz I feel so detached from that person that's looking back at me.  I don't even need the diagnosis but I want to talk to her about it. I want her to acknowledge what's going on and to help me with my struggles but apperantly she can't do that because I'm 4 months too young
These people are so brave, I can’t imagine having to life with this.   I never found these people scary or weird. My aunt suffers from psychosis and schizophrenia. I always had, and still have this deep fear of also getting it, since I had psychosis and paranoia from some really bad drug trip I took, and also suffering from depression and anxiety already and having some trauma.   I feel soooo lucky that it never went that far. But I feel so proud at these people that they went true al this, and still are going true and are such cool people and so open about it.   I wish them so much love and peace. And I hope we will go on getting the stigma of these things, cause it’s a really thin line for anybody to experience this. Let’s love and understand each other.   Much love from the Netherlands! ❤️
My mother once lived in a building and the woman who lived underneath her has Schizophrenia. She would constantly complain that my mums family was making loud noises to annoy her. One time my grandparents, uncles and my mother went on holiday and she complained that their house was stomping, that because of the stomping she couldn’t sleep. My family was very confused and told her that they were in holiday. She said that they hired somebody to  put on boots and stomp around. She actually heard that stuff. I can’t imagine how it must affect somebody’s life.
I had to stop watching yesterday, bc it was night, there were weird sounds coming from the kitchen, I was scared af.
"Nightmare, nightmare, nightmare" 😂 i love this kid, sneaking in Eric Andre references
This video gave me a far better insight into what living with schizophrenia is like. Personally, I know I’m guilty of using terms like ‘psycho’ or ‘sociopath.’ It was only yesterday when my friend was talking about how offensive it may be for a person to use those terms.   Thank you to Anthony as well as all the wonderful ppl in the video for spreading awareness abt schizophrenia!
Is it possible if someday there can be an interview for people with social anxiety?
"Ain't no way am I gonna throw down with a demon." Senua: bitch did you even just look in my direction? Demon:
the shadow is 🌟gay🌟
This is awesome. I love looking into how the brains of people with these kind of disorders work. It’s just so interesting to me. Idk why
I love these videos. i’ve listened to recordings by a scitzophrenic activist that my birth dad had. My father was Manic depressive with severe social anxiety. I have adhd,anxiety and ptsd. Her vulnerability and power, and voice were beautiful but the “song” without context  is horrifying and it really struck me because i still get scared about having it when intrusive thoughts get more present when my anxiety is high. My birth father isn’t with us anymore but i really thank him for peaking my interest in understanding others mental health and other disorders. I thank anthony for a relaxed and semi positive way to learn a little about highly stigmatized mental disorders. ♥️♥️♥️
I have a question. So when I was younger (and even now) I saw this figure that looked like slender man but shorter, and it almost seemed like it had hair. Also note that this is always at night so the figures are pitch black. There was also a woman with long black hair. Another note they don’t have tentacles. They always came from the top of he stairs near the wall and they would start coming toward me in my parents room. It was only in my parents room. Now what freaks me out is that my Dad had almost the same thing when he was the same age I was when I started seeing these “shadow people”. I don’t remember when he stopped seeing them. Now my question , is this normal? If not what should I do abt this? This reminded me about this for some weird reason
I don’t have schizophrenia myself but this sounds so scary to have to deal with everyday. I hope anyone with schizophrenia knows they’re loved and that we’re all here for you guys.
Dude, people take me as a joke, yes.
I literally got half my family religious believing in demons and half being addicts experimenting with the spirit world and having mental illness. I saw a shadow figure when I was 11/12 and it scared the shit out of me since my fanily told me it‘s a demon. Sooo ever since my brother was diagnozed with paranoid schizophrenia my mental health is spiraling on and off, I was literally scared I was oppressed by an evil spirit but the worst part is the delusions where I really can‘t tell what is real and what isn‘t. F.e. I thought I can read people and have psychic abilities. And idk if my crush likes me back or if I‘m delusional.
I really love that Anthony does this, I think it’s a very important subject to bring awareness and these videos are great for educating people that where un knowing of these things.
I had a close "family" member that took his own life due to schizophrenic relations
I really wished they talked about first getting treatment/diagnosis especially as most people with schizophrenia are not aware of their disconnect from reality whatsoever. My brother has severe paranoia, delusions (typically persecutory although others have been noted), and negative symptoms, too. He also seems to suffer from hypochondriasis, regularly complaining of a myriad of different health issues resulting in emergency room visits that amount to nothing. He's 30 and has never been employed, lives at home with our mother. She doesn't know what to do, so she's offered him an ultimatum; seek treatment or get evicted. Honestly, she can't do anything else for him because he hasn't physically harmed himself or others despite his numerous outbursts (throwing things, yelling), meaning he can't be admitted against his will and he doesn't think he's suffering from psychosis so he likely won't admit himself.
My best friend has schizophrenia/psychosis with primarily positive symptoms (negative symptoms include anhedonia and catatonic states).  Fact: people with schizophrenia are more likely to suffer from violence and harm done to them.  Fact: people with schizophrenia are far LESS likely to be the cause of violence than the general population.  I've also had to explain to a lot of people that what they described as "schizophrenia" was actually Multiple Personality Disorder or DID, so I'm glad you guys touched on thatml.  My only request for this video would be - the visuals could be fairly distressing to my friend, but I would like to share it with them so they can have the experience of feeling connected to other people who understand their daily reality. Is there any chance you could make a copy of this video that DOESN'T have all the creepy clowns and shadow people and jarring cutaways? It makes it more real for folks who are trying to understand the disorder, but maybe it makes it harder for people with schizophrenia to actually watch?  Thanks so much! It was really refreshing to see true educational material about schizophrenia instead of erroneous media hype. Thanks to the 3 individuals who shared their experiences, you're all incredible people who overcome DAILY things that would destroy the average person. Thank you for sharing 🙏
We as a society to need to talk about all of what I've seen you cover. Bring things out of what media has portraited it as so it's not as hated or feared. So people like us that are different can not feel so isolated.
I can relate I don’t have schizophrenia but I do have psychosis. I literally thought everything was a prank and everyone was fucking with me 💀😭 it went to another level we’re I just didn’t care about my body and I was undressing with no shame. It was out of the world man. 😂😂 this happens less than a year ago btw and it was my second episode but my first one recorded
Please put subtitles on
9:50 she is a hero. I could never survive hullucinating giant spiders
I thought Cicilia's experiences seemed familiar, until I realised that I watched her Ted Talk!
I recetly saw a horrible video of schizophrenic on reddit and i cant comprehend how horrible it was
I always felt like a terrible person because I just hear things and sometimes see stuff but still felt like I was faking. Thank you
I think the one dude needs to be checked for DID lol.
Can you do a day with twomad?
I'm not sure if I have schizophrenia, but I've been having auditory hallucinations since December 2021. I hear my name being whispered when I'm alone, and it's almost like a broken record. Sometimes, the end of my name is prolonged, so it sounds like the disembodied voice is whispering, "-Aaahhhh."  I was in a very abusive relationship (sexual, physical, mental, emotional) for three years, which most likely triggered my auditory hallucinations after I left my abuser.  Other times, I've heard the voice narrate what they were doing: "I'm whispering to you, slut."  One day, I heard the voice speak clearly with the word, "Crazy." That was the only time I didn't hear a whispered voice. It would be just like if someone was actually talking to me.  It gets worse when I'm alone and trying to sleep. It feels like it's just one voice that doesn't know when to be quiet, even though he whispers to me. I say "he" because it sounds like a male voice.  To be honest, I was scared. But I let my doctor and therapist know, and I was put on new medication. I'm unsure if it's actually working yet, because I still hear him.
Okay, if I am in person with someone who has schizophrenia and they say "look i have schizophrenia, and the only way 4 me to see if you're real or not is with my camera" I'd like ok no problem, but without a preface I might be a bit freaked out being recorded or touched
It sucks that most of the time I just have to go by as being crazy :/
If you have schizophrenia and you have a delusion of another schizophrenia person who's the real one
why did i think schizophrenia was a type of back problem 💀
I dont have this but once I had an illusion or sum it was a like a man who just faded away it was weird but idrc bc I was in a car qwith other ppl and I was not scared just rlly confused on what happen wich was kinda funny but it must be horrible to deal with the scary visions and voices also feelings
What can I do if I think I might have schizophrenia? I’ve researched a lot and want to go get a diagnosis but I don’t know how to or where. I’m a minor so I have to tell my mom about it but I’m also very nervous about it. Can I get a diagnosis at 13? I know schizophrenia is rare so I’m skeptical but also feel that it’s a bit likely. I’ve seen the symptoms and I associate with them, like: -auditory and like “feeling” hallucinations  -delusions, like a LOT.  -disorganized thinking  -avolition -anhedonia -apathy  -alogia -“abnormal” behavior -bad hygiene  -withdrawal -more irritable/depressed  -getting worse at school   Btw I am not listing my symptoms so a YouTube doctor diagnoses me, I’m doing it so if I can decide if I should seek diagnosis for schizophrenia based on my symptoms
I dated a man with schizophrenia. He was absolutely  😍 lovely. He was undiagnosed  and refused  treatment.
I do not have schizophrenia, I have severe crippling depression, intense anxiety, and ptsd. I use to see a black shadow figure when I was in elementary and when I would tell others it would confuse them. One time I had told my teacher and she was worried due to her not seeing the shadow figure she generally thought it was a man. I had to stay in a office so they would be sure I was safe, now at the time my mom had known about it and it was the beginning of my therapy as well so on my papers they have it written down that I use to see that shadow figure and besides what happen at school there was a time where it got more extreme to the point I had ran into my house dropping my back pack and automatically started drawing the shadow figure and what I would here it tell me. My Aunt had saw and she needed to call my mom cause only she knew my coping skills and how to 'bring me back'. The shadow man eventually went away though I stopped seeing him but I would hear voices say my name randomly and eventually I thought I had some type of abilities. At those times besides the shadow figure which my psychiatrist and therapist checks up on me to see if the shadow comes back. I didn't think much about it until.. two weeks ago now due to ptsd I have trouble leaving my restroom at night due to the feeling of someone being there or getting into my house and this is very important because those moments only happened in the middle of the night when no one is awake, it would take me 30 minutes until I finally calm down and open the door, pet my dog  to remind me she'll warn us if anyone comes in. The two last whole weekends was me being overly paranoid due to having a feeling someone was watching me, the cars/ people going pass me or being near me and on top. It got to the point where I needed my friends to walk me home so they could distract me or else I wasn't going to be going home. Dealing with that I started to actually hear people talk in the next room that weren't my family's voices but what didn't help was I had thought and could have sworn I heard someone as well scrolling through things on the TV none stop, I was unsure it was real and I needed the dishes done but I couldn't do them and I tried calling my dog but I didn't call her name the first time so I tried texting and calling my friends but they didn't answer so I had to call my dog again cause I wasn't sure if what was happening was real and LUCKLY she came and distracted me, I was able to check the living room and no one was there the people that I thought I heard I couldn't hear no more. Another major incident that happen was I had just got off a call from someone and after a few minutes I thought I heard an animal shift around the backpacks on the bench and I knew it wasn't my dog cause she doesn't really know how to get on things if somethings there in her way it confuses her. I ended up having to call a friend and explain what was going on and she helped distract me from what was going on and brought me back. I've been thinking about telling my therapist because I've never been in those situations especially if I'm unsure if they are real or not but I guess I have voices that tell me I shouldn't because I don't want to be looked at crazy or anything but at the same time I don't think I can continue on with not telling my therapist cause eventually it's going to get to much for me.
Just wondering for someone pursuing a path in treating mental health or trying to help the clinical population how is it like to develop an illness like schizophrenia at a later age? Did it dampen your ambition and if not how did you keep fighting?
I love these videos I love learning about the brain
07:33 really stuck with me. I'm not schizophrenic, but have been in and out of various mental health treatments since I was 10/11 for various reasons, but a big one is that I am not always able to tell whether or not I'm awake/in reality. I luckily recognised something was wrong and asked for help when I was still young, but I could have been spared a lot of anxiety if we would just Teach Children About Mental Illness! We teach kids about physical illness, so why not mental illness? We tell kids to each their vegetables and play sports to protect their physical health, so why don't we tell kids how to protect their mental health?
The Center Cannot Hold by Elyn Saks is a great book about one person's journey with schizophrenia
It sounds like one of the guys actually has did
I'm autistic, meaning that I am 3 times more likely to develop schizophrenia, and the idea terrifies me. I remember one time about a year ago hearing my brother tell the dog to be quiet, but my brother wasn't even home. needless to say that terrified me, but I haven't had anything else happen for a while.
My sister has this-
Karate helps pretty much!! 💕
Thank you Anthony, Cecilia, Jorge, and Kody for teaching me more about schizophrenia this video was very informative 😁
I wonder why suicide and self harm is a mainstay when someone suffers from schizophrenia? Like why does the human brain do that?
just because they aren’t mentally stable doesn’t mean they aren’t human like all of us bruh
Someone: *sneezes* Priests in the 1700’s: *EXORCISE THEM*
i have schizophrenia and did neither have been diagnosed because they both allow me to hide them because i have a very smart mind i have to kill myself in order to survive
I think the man with the glasses who started crying is extremely brave it’s not easy to show emotion in front of a lot of people I definitely admire him for bringing up the YouTuber who had mania much love ❤️
Notice how he didn't say wonderful world this time
they are living a real life horror movie
Have my mother with schizophrenia with paranoid delusions. I'm lost and don't khow how can I persuade her to go have her meds and taking it...
This is my favorite channel at the moment! Well done!
I have a cat named schizo because she’ll be friendly and living you and then she’ll bite you like you’re satan.
With the hallucinations I deal with  it's these two voices who never leave, they have their own personalities, voices, accents (ones British ones scotish), and names. They never leave and I constantly hear them, it can get really hard to do anything as hearing two people constantly yell and talk about anything and everything can be really hard to concentrate or do anything.
I must say that DID and Schizophrenia are similar but I know that they aren't the same thing. Thanks for doing this so people know the differences in the 2.
My moms boyfriend has schizophrenia and I remember specifically that he said that he was talking to the man on the moon. I found that really interesting and I still think of it sometimes. He would also hallucinate seeing his cat, Pepper, on his lap. He was put in the psych ward and we now take care of Pepper and she is doing well.
My nephew had schizophrenia. Tomorrow, is his funeral. He killed himself. He couldn't deal with the paranoia and hallucinations anymore.
Fuck , seeing this video I think I have schizophrenia
Watching this now and finding it feels massive for me. I was diagnosed as I was about to transition into high school. I had my worst episode in senior year of high school. I hadn't gotten much sleep also known as being up for 48 hours low on food and water. I had tried to go to sleep finally. The next thing I remember was I started to best way describe it is go through Bill Murry groundhog day. I started to repeat the same few minutes of going through my house waking up falling asleep repeat with slight diffences such as getting water eating a quick snack talking to my parent or sibling.
This is super amazing! You treated them with such respect, it’s so sweet how you took them and was super sweet to them, it’s always said that people with schizophrenia are all killers and it’s honestly super sad, this was amazing. Thank you.
When I was at the psych ward for my Schizophrenia, it was so interesting hearing about other patients delusions... one girl I befriended thought she was a prophet of god and could talk to saints. Another guy I befriended had similar paranoid delusions like mine where he thought everything was an act/street theater, or a setup, but he also had this bizarre delusion where he thought he predicted the illuminati, etc. I had a great time and learning experience at the psych ward. Everyone was so respectful and encouraging, I sure miss the friends I made there. I wish them well...
is there a video about sociopaths?
I'm very scared of schizophrenia, I already have mental disorders in the same part of the brain and are associated with schizophrenia, schizophrenia runs in my family.
God's Dev Team
This video made me realize that I had a lot of these symptoms and now I Am getting some help and I’m a lot less worried (still stressed tho)
I don’t know if I have schizophrenia or not but I’m too scared to even try and get a diagnosis because I don’t want people to be afraid of me my hallucinations are really really mild too and they only happen at night and it dark places but I also have paranoia whenever the hallucinations become too scary 2 days ago I kept seeing black tentacles and snakes as usual but the hallucination that caused the paranoia was the face of a woman hovering in my bed and in the corner of my room but the face of the woman it was like she wasn’t really there and her facial features were kind of blurry but the paranoia started because I thought that the woman was going to get me so I was scared to not have view of my back or any blind spot so I went to my mirror so that I could see my back but that mirror was too tall so I couldn’t see my feet and after that I started to hallucinate faded hands coming out of the bottom of my bed and that’s when I finally broke down and cried and I screamed it was too much I’m pretty sure it’s not schizophrenia since it was only two nights where the hallucinations were that bad but I don’t know should I get it checked out?
I’ve always had really really mild ‘hallucinations’ so they didn’t really bother me but 2 days ago I had a really really bad episode at night it was like all of my usual ‘hallucinations’ but more intense and I kept seeing the face of a woman and I had really bad paranoia that the woman was going to get me it was terrifying after 2 days the hallucinations died down and went back to the normal mildness but what I expirenced those 2 nights these people expirence it every day I can not imagine how horrible it must be for them
I have this
Very interesting and informative. 😎🙏🏼
God I miss Etika
he should've said "im living your walls"
Thank you guys for sharing your experiences and sharing your truth. Its incredibly brave and really helps get the word out and helps people understand.
I feel bad for Cecilia, she got clowns, spiders, and a girl stabbing her.
Turns out you didn’t; you thought they were there, but they weren’t.
My great grandma had schizophrenia and she used to tell my mum that the plug holes in the sink and taps were talking to her. She also was a massive agoraphobe. She would say to my mum: “you dont believe me Elizabeth, they are talking to me Elizabeth.” She was in and out of asylums as a younger woman and at the time those were horrible places (it’s believed my great aunt was a “product” of the asylum and the workers).  I wish I would of met her, she meant so much to my mum. I hope shes at peace now, I just know she was a wonderful person even if I never met her. These people are so brave and Im glad they can get proper help unlike my great nana.
I love your chanel! It opens up a whole new way to understand people with different experiences in life and debunks a lot of harmful stereotypes. I'm subscribing right away!
I’m terrified of schizophrenia, but not of schizophrenic people. I’m terrified of having it. I’m still young, I’m bot yet 19, I could develop it.
My brother has schizophrenia and when we first found out about it, it was because he ran into my work very early while I was in the back and was looking for me because he thought I had died.
i think schizophrenia should be talked about more. Noone wants to be schizophrenic. Its litterally thier own brain betraying them. Really sad. Words on Bathroom Walls on Amazon is an incredibly moving movie about a boy with schizoprenia. I would be interested to hear from people if this is actually how it is for them.
This is such an important one. I know 2 people with schizophrenia, and it can ruin (or end) a life without correct treatment. One of my friends is struggling pretty badly right now with it, and every time he goes media silent, my anxiety goes up. Thanks for all you do, Anthony!
I swear this is just proof we're in the matrix.
Wait do I have it? I hear my mom calling my name but she actually doesn’t.
I would like to see a "I spent a Day with a Deaf person" people need to learn about them and respect them because I've seen a lot bullying with deaf and Hard hearing
Tw suicide . . My foster sister of 10 years her older brother killed himself because of his schizophrenia and not getting much help and I learned alot about him in that time. My primary reaction to someone when they tell me they have it is mild concern but not for myself at all. This video made me kinda realize that even my mild concern is on some level not okay but not unwarranted yah know ? The suicide rate for those with schizophrenia is so high at such a young age that I worry for my fellow human
lol I have schizophrenia and the editing of this video is unbearable
Anthony’s the typa character development I wish alot of boys go through
can someone pls tell me how to deal with a psychotic episode and stop it as soon as i can pls pls pls tell me
Just recently I had a panic attack where I didn’t know if the person I was talking to was real and thought I may be talking to myself I believe i just had a panic attack or something but if the fear and confusion I felt is even slightly similar to schizophrenia I  wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy if anyone with schizophrenia or any type of psychosis disorder needs a friend or just someone that will treat them like any other person just give me a message my love goes out to you all
joyconboyz out here man
The black guy sounded like he was faking tbh
One of my friends was diagnosed with schizophrenia 2-3 years ago and I know how hard it is for her. We can be in the middle of class and she can start crying or she'll cover her ears or shut her eyes tightly sometimes. She says that this guy follows her around. I've been in a conversation with her before and she thought the teacher had came up and joined in when it was just her and I. I try my best to do what I can. I'm extremely proud of how strong she is. It seems like it's so so difficult to live with
Thank you for putting the stigma of mental health behind you. Thank you for helping people come out and talk about what they deal with, all of them are extremely valid and not alone 💓💓💓 When you did the borderline episode I cried. I've dealt with it for over 10 years now. Ik I'm not alone and we can heal and live happy lives with proper treatment and support.
This is the way to do video interviews for real for real
My best friend’s aunt has really bad schizophrenia and he’s terrified of developing it himself. He does have manic episodes sometimes but I don’t think he’s gonna develop schizophrenia. But his aunt is worrying because she’s very suicidal and tries to hurt her ex who lives with her, almost every day. But the family still doesn’t get her help because she won’t take it
My Grandma was schizophrenic and she got it when she was 13. Im 15 now and im honestly very scared to get it. Its in my dna and it can just activate at any time.
My girlfriend deals with schizoeffective disorder among other things including borderline personality disorder and your videos are done in an extremely respectful, informative way. I cant express how much i appreciate you and especially this series you do, Anthony. Thank you.
I worked as a offline support in a call center, I'm just answering agents questions and listening to calls. So one day we had a new guy, he told us he had schizophrenia and anxiety. I asked him what could we do in case he felt truly bad so I knew how to react  he said it was ok as long he took his meds. So one day he had two feedbacks and the supervisor left for a meeting,  he used to sit close to me as all new guys did and I saw him acting weird, he had trouble breathing normally, looked pale and started to laugh very hard when I asked him if he was right. My co-worked tried to ask him more but you know... most people don't know how to be helpful in that kind odd situations I didn't  want to touch him as I didn't know if that would trigger something but I just put my hand in his back when I saw him kinda faint. I told my coworker to give him some space and lead him to the nursery, didn't ask much, just asked for his locker keys, left him with the doc, gave him his stuff and told him he was free to go and I would take care of the rest at work. I think it was just a panic attack but after years of suffering attacks myself I learn that you don't need people telling you to be calm or that everything is going to be OK, you need sometimes rock solid and quick assistance without people getting their nose on your issue. They'll talk if they want to talk, my job was only to help him get better and resolve the issue I had the ability to resolve, not to act as a psychologist. He thank me a few days latter and I like to think he knew he could trust me.
This was so eye-opening for me. Thank you to the guests for finding the courage to come in this show and express their feelings and their experiences. 💙
schizophrenia is such a scary illness, i'm so lucky to not have it as i would've pissed my pants everytime i saw one of the hallucinations, and the fact that you could feel the pain of what the hallucinations do to you is just so scary, i think i'm gonna have nightmares
thank you for talking about this. I myself am at risk of developing schizophrenia, and have been seen first hand just what it can do to someone, and as a child it was very scary not knowing why the individual was acting out of character. But i am grateful because i think it has made me a lot more knowledgeable and understanding of mental illness. I do have depression, anxiety, ocd, adhd and bipolar2 so seeing mental illnesses getting talked about is always so refreshing for me. because even tho its a lot more spoken about these days, people still don't understand just how much it can affect people. i think a lot of people fail to understand because mental illnesses aren't things you can see, but its just like have any other physical illness except its affecting your brain and how you process information and just do basic day to day things. so thank you so much for these videos
These series are so helpful for people who are curious or even maybe struggling themselves , HONESTLY THANK YOU , AND OMG THE LITTLE MUSIC WHEN their introduce i love it lol.
Good thing I dont have schizophrenia that sounds awful
Wait. When Anthony said the thing about your conscience being a voice in your head… do people actually hear that? I thought it was like a metaphor.
What happened to etika still makes me cry to this day and seeing the guy in this video talk about his death and how he somewhat understood to a degree what he could have been dealing with was heart wrenching. I wish he could have gotten help before he went too far gone.
I'm autistic and depressed You made a video about autistic people, so I'd like you to show the world how clinical or post traumatic depression looks like
Anthony Padilla you are doing an amazing thing 💕❤️💕😘😘 mental health is not noticed enough.
I’m not saying people people don’t speak down on schizophrenia but once I moved to a new school 3 years ago every new person I met at my new school was very understanding and don’t judge me.
I spent a day with people with alopecia! It’s so underrated and seriously needs to be discussed more especially with young teens and children with the disease 💖😊
i didn't realise how commonly life threatening it could be, I know it could be terrifying or uncomfortable, but voices and delusions convincing you that you need do die to wake up in the real world(a bit like the movie Inception) would really trip me up and is way more dangerous than i thought
as a schizophrenic this is at least the 20th time I've watched this video. Everyone I've ever told about my disorder immediately cuts ties with me or just jokes about how I'm a psyco... idk just thank you for treating them as humans
im watching this at night and it's kinda scary.
My Uncle had an experience like Kody, when he was 18-19 he was diagnosed with Schizophrenia without any previous signs. We now know that he had a predisposition to it but it was only triggered due to drugs he had taken. He’s around 60 and still lives with it.  I’m really glad my mother talked to me about him from a very young age because it’s given me deep level of empathy for those struggling with mental illness. I often hear people in my school using the r-word along with others and it makes me realise how important education is and how important it is for children, teenagers and adults to learn about mental illness.  Thank you for making this video. I’m sure it means a lot for so many people, including myself. <3
I think a big problem like already said in the video is the stigmatisation of schizophrenic people in media and movie.
so there are the same amount of people who have schizophrenia and the same amount who speak swedish
Ok the closest man and the clown and the faceless people are distressing as fuck I can’t imagine living like this big up to these people
people with schizophrenia are so amazing. i cant believe what its like to live with that
9:18 wow. I now understand why dissociative identity disorder is often confused with schizophrenia. This experience he is narrating here could have come from a DID patient
This video made me feel less alone I’ve struggled since I was a small kid too
could you do a video on schizoaffective disorder. it’s really new and kinda misunderstood. i would love it!
Kody!!!!!!!!!!
Maybe The Patients are seeing Things that are in a different dimension, with the Dimensional "walls" thin to the Patient.
I'm here due to tiktok
i hate it so much that so many people on tiktok and stuff when they see a schizophrenic person they say stuff like " im inside your walls" and stuff you know?
I experience auditory/visual/kinetic hallucinations every night with my sleep paralysis. Couldn't imagine living with it 24/7. It only happens for a few minutes and it's the most terrifying experience. Thinking about having to live with those while I'm awake and seeing what I see or hearing what I hear or even thinking the paranoia in day to day life. Honestly not sure I could do it
Sj
Schizophrenia is brain 🧠 implants
Laughing your disorders off is just another level of being open about it, and its so wholesome
What if what schizophrenics see exist and are more developed like us and we will all develop to be "schizophrenics" in many many years
I've been struggling with hallucinations since I was a little kid, they've never gotten lesser. Just so happens that now they're a bit more subtle and in the background when it comes to visuals. Nice to see some positive and safe talk about this.
I’ve seen interviews and talks with Cecelia before and she’s always been so articulate and well spoken. I really admire that about her. She’s a really strong beautiful person!
Good video
My best friend / roommate had schizophrenia and it really opens up your mind to what they are thinking or what they are going through. He would explain certain characters he has very regularly, the good and bad. And that affects him a ton, whether good or bad. And if you live with someone with it, the best way to go about it (that I have found out personally, everybody is different obviously) is distractions. Like that one person in the video said. But even some distractions made him uncomfortable, if it was music or shows. He would notice things off and get irritated. What people don't know is some people can go homeless with this if they are really deep into an episode. Because episodes don't just last a few minutes, they can literally be up to months.. it may not seem like an episode at the time but when it's over that clarity is shown. Also! The whole phone situation is so interesting because he did the same thing, or if he took a picture of something he was seeing he would send it to his gf and she would send the picture right back to him as he took it and he can see that it wasn't happening. One thing that we found useful is to have cameras around the apartment. Then if they are having a moment then we can look at the footage and they have that clarity moment. It can be very scary for them and everything that is happing is actually their reality. Just how we see everything is our reality. I really hope people watching this video kinda gets a feel of it and how serious it can be to certain people. And I still love him (as a brother) no matter what he is going through and am always doing my best to help him out as much as I can during episodes. They really just need supportive, understand and patient people around them. During episodes he would be very angry or annoyed towards me and you just take it with a grain of salt because he doesn't mean it, he's just extremely overwhelmed. (BTW I did ask him if I could talk about it and he is okay with this) there has been moments where he has been physically attacked by certain characters and had fought them back in self defense and thinking he killed a person but then we check the scene for evidence of it happening and there was none and that can affect them just as much as it happening in the moment. Cause that's a genuine memory they have. Just how going to work or school is to people without it. I hope people are more aware of this and start understanding ways to cope with it and push through as much as you can ❤❤❤
I would love a video about “I spent a day with someone with bipolar disorder” because a lot of people have very strong misconceptions about bipolar.
Last year I watched a movie called „I met a girl“. It’s about a boy who spent an evening I guess with the girl of his dreams but in the morning nothing seemed to be real. The place she lives is gone and apparently nobody knows her, so he starts a trip all by himself to search for her. He is living with his brother and his brothers wife who is pregnant, so they’re really worried about him. Then he looses his pills and everything falls apart. He has hallucinations and stuff.   It was very complicated and exhausting to watch cause you didn’t know what was real and what was a hallucination and I can’t imagine what it is to actually have schizophrenia.
19:40 Yea I am obsessed with the number 4 to such a measure I try to do things 4 times, like almost every thing.
When I started watching this vid I said "So it's just a extent of imagination." I'm 16:39 into this and slightly more details are added to that but still kinda right.
what if is this is really supernatural or whateves but we just believes what science says
im so glad theirs a video about this my older brother has schizophrenia and ive been researching about it so i can understand more of it so when my older brother comes back home ill be their to help him out
some of these hallucinations sound absolutely like a horror movie. holy shit yall are so strong
There's people who have different symptoms than these
I just met your chanel and i cant stop watching them... i like to see all of them
Anthony's spending a day series is honestly how I wish CNN, Fox, MSNBC news stations aould be like. It's like we focus so much on politics that we literally forget every other newsworthy or interesting thing in the world when I would watch tons of this over what senator said what today
it must've been distressing for her a few years ago when we had that weird clown epidemic.
This was so eye opening 🥺
Oh my god i got so excited when I saw one of the people getting interviewed with the Dominican flag!
I didn’t know what schizophrenia was until this vid so thanks for educating me bro
I don’t know if you’ll see this, but please spend a day with people with emetophobia there is no awareness out there. So many suffering feel so alone. And these are brilliant for being awareness and education out there.
I really hate how I relate to this and like the whole time my heads feeling fuzzy and my body is trying to literally shake away these memories and feelings of “ oh yeah, remember when you thought you were a robot?” Or “ remember when you believed you weren’t the one controlling your body? You were just a puppet?”  Or “ remember your “ friends” or “ the creepy dudes” or “ the shadow man” and all of the hallucinations and delusions?” Or just straight up remembering when I’d see things and hear things that just weren’t there and I feel bad for these people because I know that now they might be on medication to help them but before they were like me, undiagnosed, afraid, confused, uncomfortable, and worried. Like yeah they had good moments plenty but it’s still scary to know that your mind is almost completely different than it should be and how it can feel like the mind and the body are two different things working separately instead of as a team
psychology is the new religion
I heard "what five year old isn't scared of the closet" and the first thing I thought was "I live in the closet" and then I felt very bad for making a joke like that (I'm pansexual)
The more I look into this, the more I feel like I have this 🧍‍♀️
My uncle has Schizophrenia, so this was very helpful to actually know what's it about.
I’m surprised no one hugged that sloth, it might just be me, but I’m autistic and I LOVE sloths and cuddly things, and it just looked SO huggable!!! Anywahy, thank you for the lovely video :) I already knew everything, but honestly I’m just glad people are recognising us, and not recognising us wrong
My mom has this and she didn’t get it till alot later in life
19:00
8:16   my name is nikola how crazy
So I ami 12 and sometimes I see a shadow of a guy, a tall girl, and a child. I also feel like everything is a dream. I don’t want to assume I have Schizophrenia but this kind of helped.
I swear I hear my mom yelling my name externally sometimes and I don't live with her anymore but I'm pretty sure that's something different .... 😅
As someome also woth Schizophrenia, I appreciate this video, and your discussion with the people in this video. All of us have our own severity with this, and thank you for being non judgmental about this.
I always see this shadow figure in the corner of my eye. Hes terrifying but I named him Jimmy
You are so respectful to every single person you're speaking with. Thank you for helping us learn more about different people and what they are dealing with. We need more people like you in this world
Yus exercise them demons get em swole.
I have a friend who’s schizophrenic and I don’t treat her any differently than any of my other friends. When she revealed to me she has schizophrenia, all I said was “It must be tough. I hope it gets better for you with your treatment.”  She actually was surprised to hear that because of people who treat her differently for it. It upsets me knowing people do that.
imagine if you hallucinated minecraft sounds i think that'd be pretty cool
I remember that girl from her TedTalk.
I think I might have schizophrenia after watching this. I've suspected it before but a lot of the things I go through that I thought were just me being weird came up in here. Like for example, they said physical hallucinations and I think people are touching me or poking me or whatever and I have this one where I feel like I'm being stabbed repeatedly in the stomach and it hurts so bad. There are other things I related with but this hit me the hardest.
Honestly, I don't know which I'd find more terrifying, having hallucinations that don't seem at all realistic or ones that seem *too* realistic to be easily distinguished from what's actually real and not a hallucination. So much sympathy and respect for these guests...
I would love to see interviews of people with psychopathy or psychopathic tendencies. I can’t imagine there aren’t those at least partially self aware and I would find it interesting hearing of their experiences in doing things they see as normal and learning that they aren’t. I do know there isn’t a cure for psychopathy for it is a mental disorder rather than a mental illness, but I want to know about how people that have had their psychopathy caught early on had been treated for such.
This channel is making me better as a person
It must be really scary have Schizophrenia, I don't think I'd ever be able to live with such a scary thing
Leave some topics you'd like to see Anthony cover here. I just want to see you're thoughts.  "Spend a day with Therapists" "Spend a day with Attempted-Murder survivors" "Spend a day with Blind people" "Spend a day with Stonewall Riot protestors" "Spend a day with 9/11 survivors"  Leave some other suggestions here I want to see what you guys would find interesting to watch. I want to see your opinions. Please keep it respectful here I just want to see your ideas.
I have the symptoms of schizophrenia and I’ve had them since I was about 4-5 years old. And I’ve only read and learnt about psychology, mental health and schizophrenia this year. I’ve went to a therapy class where people help me and some other people with Anxiety. Currently I’m still trying to find a psychologist I can talk to so I can hopefully get a diagnosis (if i have any) this video really helps me understand people that are diagnosed with schizophrenia and it helps me understand myself too.
✨How god made me ✨ Phasmophobia, insecure, Schizophrenia, social anxiety
I might have that, in January I used to see tall men behind my grandma. And a white face in the corner of my eye and I see random cars outside my house. But I don't any more
It is funny the first thing I saw this guy I called the ticking man
I keep getting recommendations from YT about schizophrenia even though I do not have any of these symptoms. I think the algorithm thinks I do.   These new fangled computers always are trying to figure us out nowadays 🙄
This is so scary
honestly i thought these videos were clickbaity and gonna be insensitive but theyre actually amazing with good editing and good information, great job!!
of course this pops on my feed right after seeing a horse at the foot of my bed.
My uncle who is schizophrenic has always scared me. He has drug problems and has always just been a violent person, so I've always thought that schizophrenia was bad and anyone who has it is 'violent', 'crazy', 'dangerous', ect. This video has helped me understand schizophrenia more, thank you for teaching us all and being so supportive, Anthony!! <3
I think mental disorders can be demonic possession. We have to look at things on a more spiritual level rather than a clinical level. The devil is real and he takes possession in those who don't have a relationship with God.
I am a firefighter/EMT, I can tell you that a bunch of my first responder friends including police and dispatch enjoy watching things like this so that we can help out patients who have this disorder
i think a good example to help people understand how the voices would feel to them is when you hear someone calling your name and you turn around but you don't see anyone but to them it is more enhanced
ITS KODY I KNOW HIM KODY
This video really help me come to terms with my schizophrenia, I almost got diagnosed with it but I also have d.i.d and the protectors of the system decided it wasn't safe for people to know about it yet.
My grandmother was schizophrenic. So I grew up knowing what it was like for someone. I mean a delusion she had at one point is that she was super sure that that a neighbor she had was the Pope.  I HATED that media Villainized the disorder. That’s my grandma you’re talking about it! A sweet old lady that adored her many grandchildren.
I had to stop watching this before bed, because I got scared of having nightmares....these people actually live it..... its insane. I hope they are ok
I'd throw hand with a demon
My uncle was diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was 18 after his brother died in very tragic circumstances and he was constantly discriminated against his entire life. Even though his symptoms were minimal on medication, nobody ever gave him a chance to work. He passed away a couple years ago from a brain tumor, but he was one of the kindest & strongest people I knew and everybody always underestimated him which still upsets me to this day. Especially when I hear people use derogatory phrases, I take the time to educate them on schizophrenia and ask them to stop using those words because it is very hurtful to those with schizophrenia and their family members who care deeply for them.
I love this video so much. I'm not schizophrenic but psychotic, both are similar so I identify with some things. Thanks Anthony!
i spend every day with schizophrenia lmao
dawg that voice simulation needed a trigger warning 😭
i herd srthng in thi wills whn ei ws 14
I can relate I think it's funny
I am someone with phycosis. But it’s drug induced psychosis. I had a very seriously bad abusive child hood, which let me into taking drugs to escape reality, which unfortunately made everything worse. When I came off the drugs, about 3 weeks after I started to experience phycosis. I thought I had sold my soul to the devil 7 times, and that if I told anybody the devil would come and get me and kill me. It wasn’t until a few months later that I asked for help. By the time the help actually came, my phycosis had calmed down to a point I thought it was gone. It comes in waves, and different delusions and thoughts change, and manifest into something a heck of a lot more stressful, especially when I am around people. So I tend to stay alone in my flat. And do everything alone, as I’m scared if someone sleeps next to me they’ll be able to read my mind. And the biggest mistake I ever made turning that help down. It’s really hard to find help when it’s drug induced physcosis, because they think “ah well they did it to themselves, there’s people that have  been struggerling their whole life’s with physcosis let’s focus on them”. What they don’t realise is how mentally draining and frightening it is, and that it doesn’t matter how the physcosis developed it’s about treating them. But sadly that’s the world we live in
My brother has schizophrenia and he did a lot of drugs when he was in his 20s and he still does drugs from time to time, and it made it worse and my parents are old school they don’t believe in mental disorders or illness, they just kept saying he was “nervous” & “anxious”, it makes me angry that they don’t see what’s wrong with him and they keep pushing it away like nothing…….
I follow Kody on TikTok! Immediately clicked on the video when I saw him in the thumbnail
If you ever want to do a video on young adult orphans, ex hardcore drug users, young adults who have dealt with homelessness- please let me know 💜 thank you for all that you do
I spent a day with regular people
Favorite Chanel
Guests are awesome, interview is brilliant. What a great episode!
Im 12 and have schizoaffective disorder (professionally diagnosed by a phycologist) and I just wanted to share that kids my age can have disorders like this and no matter how old someone is with a diagnosis like mine, it should be taken seriously and should be treated with respect no matter what. All my love to Anthony and the people he interviewed <333
As someone with psychotic depression i appreciate how he treats them like people and not just nut cases
Can you do a series on 300+ lb people who binge? I would love to understand the mindset.
My mum was diagnosed with schizo affective disorder 10 years ago and she still doesn't believe that what she hears and sees are product of her imagination and therefore refuses to go under any treatment. Is there any advice you could give to help her get back to reality?
That's some next level immersive VR there. In a few years the VR/AR tech will be so good that basically all of us will be schizophrenic
My brother has schizophrenia he's in the hospital getting treatment I hope I get to see him soon
Thank u Anthony and all of the people he interviewed who have schizophrenia. U shed light upon the experiences of those living w/ this condition. As someone who wants to enter in mental health nursing, u are helping me a better and more compassionate nurse to my patients. 💟
Joe
Such an interesting video ive always been interested in people with schizophrenia
I am so proud that these people are strong enough to talk about there life with schizophrenia😊
What’s the difference between a medium and a schizophrenic though?
My huge respect to all 3 of them 💟
I used to have this neighbour who had schizophrenia she used to bang her windows with a hammer early in the mornings, stand outside and stare at our house for hours, once she called the police on us saying we had a dead body in our backyard and another time she put an envelope in our letterbox with 2 mobile phones and a large amount of cash..we handed it in to the police straight away but it was all a very scary experience
am i the only one who’s thinking cody looks like Post Malone
Arachnophobia warning!!!
Anyone else realise Kody is the guy that Ray William Johnson roasted
Do Trichotillomania!! I’ve had it since I was a baby and so many ppl have it and it’s not talked about enough!
As someone with schizoaffective disorder, I really thank you for bringing light to this and not making fun of it and not being judgmental:)
Anthony is such a good listener
The one speaking about the characters like a selection screen reminds me of the fronting part of some headspaces of people with did and osdd
First of all... You're super cute... Thanks for the amazing work you do Second of all...  " For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind." I suffered feom severe depression since childhood. I'm convinced that life is spiritual and dark thoughts always come from dark places. Whether those places are inside of you or from an outside dark place from someone else transferring that dark energy. As a man thinketh so is he... The quality of your thoughts is a very good indication of which spirit a person is yielding to. I think every mental illness survivor is strong... No matter how weak the world thinks we are... Keep fighting and one day you'll win... Oh n Jesus through the holy spirit makes the fight a  lot easier to win Good luck my Gs
I often wonder if schizophrenics can see into the spirit world.
People with schizophrenia shouldn't feel bad that they have it. It's not like it's their fault, they were just born like that
I LITERALLY SHIT YOU NOT I HAVE BEEN TELLING MY MOM FOR A YEAR THAT I FEEL LIKE IM IN A DREAM OR IN A COMA DREAM
1 year ago
I cannot imagine how scary this must be. Wow.
My brother actually had Schizophrenia and the house he lived in before he died had popcorn walls, he said the walls had secrets that people didnt tell him, one thing I remember saying is "(redacted) is cheating on you."
You lady in the video are beautiful and explained it all. I understand you.
I think it wouldn't be be helpful to be there when having hallucinations that someone tells you there is nothing there and it's ok 😭
The fact i use you're videos as research is the only reason im passing psychology
As a kid I always thought that schizophrenia was debilitating. This has cleared so many things up and kinda showed me why I might have thought that too
Hi Anthony, I think a video on eating disorders would be really helpful it's super misunderstood.
10:04
could u do onewith epilepsy
My Fiancé has schizophrenia and sometimes he doesn’t want to open up about it. Videos like these help me understand and learn more about his disorder and how I can help him. ❤️
Holy shit the voices were scary as shit
what if he is hallucinating about not seeing them on his phone
I have psychotic episodes with symptoms of schizophrenia. It is hard, but I'm learning with stuff like yoga and surfing to be calm and have a somewhat normal life
Why Anthony talking to an empty chair? Is he seeing people that aren't there?
i’ve never had visual hallucinations but for sure auditory hallucinations on and off for around a year now and i rlly understand what they mean, like not being able to tell if it’s real and sounding like it from real life, and i’ll sometimes feel like reality isn’t real. I’m 15 and i know it develops most often 16 and up and i don’t wanna hallucinate anything visual, auditory is scary enough.
this was very eye-opening! i always used to think that schizophrenia was only visual, and this made my learn that it can be auditory too, etc
I Fucking Hate Spiders I Hate That it Showed Spiders But The Rest of The Video is Good
I always use the phone trick with a hallucinating person in my life! I’m so glad this actually works for others as well!
We need to show more compassion & love to all ppl. But especially to ppl who are struggling with mental issues.
I have pretty mild schizophrenia you could say. I hallucinate spiders, rats, just small animals in general and I constantly hear a distant conversation that i can't quite make out. Also i feel spirits and see ghosts but i refuse to believe thats my schizophrenia. But that could be my schizophrenia.
i would love to see "i spent a day with people with misophonia"
I love all your videos but this one is incredible. How hard it must be to live with this and what INCREDIBLE human beings these are! Honestly I've never been so humbled by such raw honesty from young young black man. So hope they all smashing life with success!!
When I went to get diagnosed, I was praying it wasn’t schizophrenia like my Nan had because it sounds like hell for these poor people. I have bipolar 1, rapid cycling with psychotic features and have experienced psychosis on a lesser level to these guys but even that, was terrifying. You’re all so inspiring 🌸
This is wonderful!  I just stared uploading videos BTW.
I spent a day with second lifers. People who have lived multiple lives.
Not me thinking that was mr. beast in the thumbnail for a second 😭🤚
I love these so much, i love your work Anthony. You really help a lot of people
I stopped eating gluten and started having a little bit of turmeric, gingko biloba and st.john's wort every day. I stopped showing symptoms and am feeling much better. excercise also helps.
I really feel bad for these people especially the guy that thought he was in a coma
would be interested to see “i spent a day with people who were raised by narcissists”
Help not understand
I’m interested and would love to see “I Spent a day with sociopaths’”
Dude bro, my guy, my childhood hero, I wanna say that I love learning and obviously so do you. You doing these videos expands my mind about the world and it’s a whole lot more valuable than saying bitch a million times in Smosh 😂 it was still funny tho. Great work bro
Umm, Idk what to call it but some smells bring give me nostalgia, or sometimes there are smells that I pick up once and it carries for a week
cecilia!
as someone w schizoaffective (which is a bit different but i do experience most things they are talking about) i’m so happy to see people with schizophrenia not portrayed as violent maniacs and outcasts. even though various mental health issues/disorders are gradually becoming less stigmatized, i think many people still have a lot of misconceptions about schizophrenia and adjacent disorders and this video does a very good job of explaining what we go through. so cool to see that!🧡
He is so much like a therapist
As someone who recently got diagnosed with psychosis (not the same as schizophrenia but they’re related) this video brings such a comfort and sense of ease
I have had psychosis for about 4 years now, and even my relatively tame auditory hallucinations are very frustrating and distracting. I frequently hear people calling out to me or whispering in my blind spots. I have only had visual hallucinations once in my life. I can only imagine what these people have to go through on a daily basis.
Could you maybe do one of these with people with DDD? (Depersonalisation- derealisation disorder??
Damn that spider thing hell no
I got suspended for having schizophrenia
That donate to the Trevor project made me jump I was like YES DO THAT YES YES YES
I just found this wideo and it was a great help for my broject(i suffer from sczicophrenia)and our biology teacher wanted for people who have disorders,... to explain how do they work,great video also helped me understamd a little bit more about myself
Seems like Jorge also has a dissociative disorder
Love this video! Can you do one covering sleep paralysis?
Thank you Anthony for creating this spaces
Its like u r in a horror movie... My godd... Does anyone had episodes while shooting this?... Why r voices mean.... Y can't they b supportive
I think the police are following me and I'm going to do something very, very bad hahaha.
CECILIA IS FINE 😍
Please don’t come to these videos and dismissively talk over people with Schizophrenia when we try to share our knowledge with you. Your 1 experience with someone who has Schizophrenia is not comparable to our experiences spending our entire adult lives with it. Realize your actively speaking over someone from a highly stigmatized and marginalized community instead of listening to them. We don’t need you to explain our disorder or what we would like to be called to us. We need you to listen.
I had a friend from residential treatment who also had hallutionations and I just remember sitting with them late at night talking to them and distracting them from the things they were seeing. They described their most common hallutionation as a clown like puppet thing that would usually hide under beds. Once they even told me it grabbed my leg when I was sitting down. Although, this video really made me realize how well they handled these hallutionations! I had no idea they could be so intense.
I have a friend with schizophrenia, and in the beginning I didn’t really understand what it was. I also was kinda scared because I thought he’d be violent. One day he was having an episode and I was really curious and asked where the hallucination was. My dumb ass even coincidentally looked in the direction of the hallucination and asked him if it was there. It freaked him out so much.  Now I can tell when he’s having a hard time or having an episode (quiet, fidgety and/or nervous) and I usually play soothing music or play some tunes on my guitar that distracts him and calms him down. Sometimes we’ll play music together and I can tell it helps him.
I can relate to this because I have schizophrenia and it is awkward when I hear someone whisper my name but no one's there the hallucinations I have I see a shadow figure standing over me and things talk to me but I can't tell my parents they just won't understand I figure it out I had schizophrenia from a doctor when I was with some friends
I lost my best friend and only childhood friend of 11 years to schizophrenic dilusions. the dilusions decided I was an evil person trying to sell him to the government, so his mentle hospital theripist suggested I go no contact permanently. my ex friend has reached out twice and I replied only to get attacked, its a hard way to loose a best friend.
This sounds so distressing there really dose need more research on this I could never be as strong as them
I love these videos thank you so much for doing this. This show people who never known someone with schizophrenia that they are more then their diagnosis they are people just like everyone else my mother suffers with schizophrenia and sadly doesn't want help maybe if I let her watch this she'll change her mind
As someone who has schizophrenia I’m happy that you put onto light this!
Why does the thing on Anthony’s right head side look like a open vaginer? Or just me?!?
We have DID this is a great video/
I love this series!
I have it and it isn't no fun
wonderful series. anything on self-harmers and mutilators.
This is so informative!!
The brain is limitless. This was extremely interesting- thank you all for sharing your experiences with all of us! ❤
Erika had it right, the number 9 is special, to Baha’is the number 9 and 95 is symbolic of God, so either he was a Baha’i or there’s just something special about the number 9.
Thank you for helping me understand this. My brother has Schizophrenia from a couple years of consistent hard drug use in the past. It helps me understand his struggles better because he is embarrassed about it and doesn’t want to talk about it. His medication has helped him significantly to where he has a regular job and is able to provide for his family.
Honestly this was one of the most powerful videos i've seen. It's good to understand how to react to certain things that a person with schizophrenia would be dealing with. And be able to help them get through certain things. Cause as someone who doesn't have it, i would've thought that interacting with the symptom to deny realism(srry if this sounds bad) would've been the smart thing to do. But it's good that now i know to rather interact with the person themselves is the way to go. And just keep calm and listen to/distract them from the symptoms would help them overcome it.  And feel free to correct me should i have made a mistake. i'm here to learn.
joyconboyz for life
Just thank you bro.
I had s friend in middle school whose brother had schizophrenia and the family all had to lock their doors at night because he would get a knife and come after them otherwise. Then he eventually was institutionalized. So I've always been scared of schizophrenia. But watching Lauren at Livingwellwithschizophrenia has made me see another perspective that's more positive.
Can you hear voices inside your head telling you positive things? Like intrusive but positive thoughts, like, still thinking something that jumps at you, lately it’s started happening to me and I want to think that it’s just a kind of intrusive thinking, I have been several years with pain in the back of my neck and head in general and I do not know if I go to a normal doctor or a psychologist, on the other hand I am afraid that I misdiagnose because I do not know how to express what happens to me and that in the end I do not have any disease
my grandpa had schizophrenia and i used to be paranoid that i would get it too. i watched this and was like yh no im fine
I can't watch this. It just reminds me of telling my mom I see and hear things that aren't there and I want help. But she just never helps me. I'm sorry, but my anxiety levels are rising, I can't watch any further
I have Schizoaffective Disorder, and I got really stoned while I was on meds and thought Elon Musk was building Cybertrucks outside my trailer and holding a 80s themed concert with Vaporwave Visuals and telling me in my head "Lets get out of here Claire this kid doesnt listen to REAL music." I cried. Grimes is literally my favorite artist.
It kinda sounds like your awake dreaming
12:33 Holy crap I just realised she's the girl from that other channel
Thank you very much for your content, it is very necessary and I am interested in all your videos. great good vibes forever etxito 🍀🍂🌱🍃🌻🌼🌺
I am fascinated with this disorder.. I wish I can continuously forget it to learn about it again and again.. I don't know it is just something so interesting. Like I really loved how intriguing it is.. Don't get me wrong I don't want it to happen to anyone it is just that I am attracted to it in a really scientific-emotional way.
My brother has paranoid-schizophrenia, and watching this shows me just how much of a spectrum it is. I wish my brother was as high-functioning as these guests. They are blessed. With my brother, the only way I know how to compare it to is a death... who he was before he was officially/clinically diagnosed, and who is he became afterward. Comparing the two is like night and day, a completely different person. I used to cry about it often. Sometimes, because of the severity of his illness, I've thought of it as being worse than a death. Interacting with him is like a real life consistent reminder that he is gone. Once in a while, he will have a normal conversation for a few minutes and you'll get maybe a minute of who he used to be... but then 30 seconds later he says or does something that reminds you that he is mentally-ill. I've been in the grieving process for years and I think it's because of how difficult it is to simultaneously have him here physically, but completely gone mentally. I do praise God that he is the most innocent and pure-hearted person I know though. In a world where the average person may fear him out of ignorance, I at least have peace knowing he would never be the aggressor in any situation. Thank you guys for sharing your experiences.
Random interesting thing I learned about schizophrenia.. in some. other cultures, ppl with it weren’t demonized, and a lot of them are actually.. way happier and aren’t fearful of their hallucinations, compared to ppl with schizophrenia where it is demonized. Idk if it’s usually true or not, but if it is that might eventually lead to a way to help more ppl learn to live with it more easily.
from a first hand experience, DID and schizophrenia together suck.
My mom has schizophrenia that progressed through a mentally abusive relationship with my dad. Years later after I moved out she is doing better but I have seen the behavior of a schizophrenic. She used to yell, curse and scream at nothing. She's calmed down over the years, thank God, but for so many years she was delusional and said the most irrational things. My younger brother and I had a difficult childhood because of it but we understand her to the best of our ability now and love her. By the way; the sweetheart that cried on camera, you are brave.
It’s nice to see a popular youtuber talk about shizophrenia in a non-condemning light. Demonizing a disorder in which people that have it are more likely to be in danger themselves or endanger themself than be a danger to anyone else.
jorge being a dominican king with the flags ayeeee
My dad has schizophrenia, and seeing it like this shifts my whole perspective on him and the past. He did some really bad things, but in retrospect I think he was having some major issues at the time, like a delusion that he had to do something or whatever. Plus, it can be pretty scary not to know what's real or not, I know that firsthand.   I haven't developed any symptoms and I hope I never do, but I do have severe PTSD (I'm working through it, I have a therapy appointment next week lol) and sometimes I can't tell if what I remember about something is what actually happened. I also struggle with dissociation, and it's scary when I don't know if I'm actually in a place or not. Like I've dissociated and thought I was still home a few times. It's not fun.
I have bipolar disorder and went through a manic episode that had auditory hallucinations and delusions. It was the scariest thing ever. I can't imagine dealing with that 24/7
So this video started a lot for me. Helped me really decide to go to a psychiatrist about the random things I hallucinate. Finally got the courage to make a psychiatrist appointment for it. Thanks for the video man
04:08 Can someone explain more of what he's saying? It almost sounds like DID/OSSD
Dude I just can’t even imagine living with this, I truly applaud all of you for being able to manage ur day to day life to the best of ur ability’s. I truly don’t think I’d be able to do it. It’s like a nightmare 24.7, I’m so sorry one; and two you all are all so brave to share with us.
These videos creep me out but there cool❤️
I appreciate that the questions asked are intentional and thoughtful. They aren’t leading questions that contribute to any underlying narrative, they simply allow for opportunities for the guests on his show to speak their own truths and share their own experiences in a completely non-judgemental setting. It seems like Anthony is truly interested to know more about their experiences, and that’s incredible!
I thought I was real but now im second guessing this...
As someone with schizophrenia, I wish I was on this episode, I feel like I could’ve answered or enlightened more of schizophrenia other than just hallucinations and delusions. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, FEEL FREE TO ASK!
I would love to see an episode of “I spent a day with people with Aspergers”
will you do an episode with people who have antisocial personality disorder?
i feel so bad about having a high chance of having schizophrenia because all adults have told me when its brought up is " dont do this " its always been somthing ive been told is bad, alot of my faimly has it so im scared of having it... :( like i dont want it i really dont im only 12 so i dont show anything abt it but yk :/ is anyone else going through this ?
I'd love yo see how spend a day with people with ASPD
I love how Anthony is debunking my prejudice one by one
Cecelia looks great!! I recognize her from older videos.
I was so happy to see kody there
A lot of this also sounds like mediumship like they are actually In tune with something
I’m wondering if I had a mania episode Bc I do remember a few months before I attempted to take my life, I heard voices telling me to kill myself and I was convinced everyone actually hated me and that they were only being nice Bc they pitied me. This drove me to a suicide attempt until luckily my sane part of my head got me to call the hotline and I managed to get talked out of it. After that whole ordeal my memory is so bad anytime I try to think of my college years my mind draws blanks. I also have adhd so that could explain it too.
I feel like we reduce the world to materialistic explanations or solely supernaturalistic. ie just physical or invisible realm. But we're a composite unity of soul and body, so i guess my thought is, how do we know that there isnt physiological disfunction ie chemical imbalance and there are actually demonic entities attacking these people (like they themselves have thought?) at the same time? I often wonder about this with my own mental illness.
I feel so sorry for Cecilia I would just think im haunted tbh 😭
This series wouldn't happen if it wasn't for you and your team's INCREDIBLE interviewing and production skills. I really believe the empathy you're seeing in the comments are the product of how you're behaving on camera. Great job 🍻
I see the shadow figure every time it’s so scary it’s so realistic But I only see a shadow figure I don’t hear anything or feel anything that’s not real
thank you for making this video anthony. as someone who knows the pain all too well its nice to see someone be kind and respectful. much love from canada
This is really eye-opening I've never met someone schizophrenic, so I don't know how I would have reacted, but now I won't have some big misconception of what it really is if I ever do meet someone with this disorder :)
This kinda reminds me of something that happens to me, sometimes the voice in my head just says stuff, I don’t get it to say those things, I’m not thinking about those things and I’m not doing anything related to those things, for example, today I just heard “I literally have proof that’s not me, how do you still think it is?” And that was it, no context, had nothing to do with anything going on at the moment or during that day, it was just that.
one person said they see spiders what if you put like a phone camera over them would you still be able to see them? Edit: Didn't watch the full vid, I've got my answer
It would be amazing if you interview people with strabismus. I think it's a unique experience. People have surgeries and it works for them but others don't and sometimes it's so hurtful.
For real its so weird to me to see such normal people with this. I've had horrible experiences in my childhood. My oldest brother is what at the time was known as paranoid schizophrenic,  but I guess on the spectrum he's off it. He's never been on good medications, it was onset by Ritalin (early 90s), he's 10 years older than me and when I was 8 he Literally took a kitchen knife and tried to kill me and would have succeeded if my bedroom door didn't have a lock and I wasn't sus and ran in time. He says horrid things and said he said people in their cars without jaws and he said a keychain on his harmonica one year was keeping him from "turning all our asses into zombies" (I was 10) and Now he gets so little proper care or treatment so now hes either a terrifying child like persona as the drug filled past 35 year old man or, he's growling death threats for reasons only he knows. Honestly like I'm scarred and I'm sorry if I'm offensive at all, I just mean to say this video showed me coherent schizophrenics for the first time and I feel like I don't have to be as scared as I was as a child when I felt like I had to take myself so he couldn't so he wouldn't have to live with the guilt if he ever succeeded at trying to kill me again. That was my real childhood mindset. My plan was to if I had to take myself before he could so he wouldn't have to come to whenever one day far away maybe that he killed his little sister, because he was Close, I was alone with him, and he tried to break my door down when I locked myself hiding from him with like the biggest kind of kitchen knife. We still have the knife. Needless to say I don't like it.
Please do a video “I spent a day with people who have been in jail/prison” or their family members. They’re so misunderstood and it hurts. With all the injustice against them, I feel like this video would be perfectly timed. This topic is really close to my life and I’d love to see Anthony speak about it. He is so compassionate.
What's the sound at 7:35 ??
in my grandpa's side of the family schizophrenia runned alot, his mother and grandmother had it, and the doctor said he was very lucky to not have it by the time he was 40
I’m so glad for this video because it’s important for people to know because we can understand if we have a friend or relative
I remember Cecilia from SBSK! And Kody from TikTok!
My mums cousin has schizophrenia & it must be terrifying. These people are incredible 💖
Next time can you add an arachnophobia warning before showing large spiders on the screen
Imagine someone with schizophrenia taking lsd
My father has schizophrenia, it's truly terrifying how he lives. He hears voices and sees (as he calls them) Shadow People. He doesnt take his medication and he also has paranoia. Its terrifying how he lives, truthfully
I am binge watching and I love your interviews. You connect to everyone so easily, and you can see how comfortable people are with you.
people need to make glasses that are like a camera for schizo people
I don't have schizophrenia , but I always used to hallucinate things since I was very very young. It's just how my brain works.
Is that Cecelia that was on SBSK? Wow she seems to have improved immensely
As a christian i really still think demons taunt and haunt people
NO THANKYOU.😬
Yeaa, no dont try triggering hallucinations, it is dangeorus, and by gaining control of all that you see, ur brain gains control too, and thas bad so yeah.
stop jumping from the wall
Parents: don’t run with ✂️  Kid: I wasn’t running i was hallucinating them
Good video
i have a friend with schizophrenia and i think this has kinda helped me more on understanding what might be happening and how to help him and still make him feel comfortable around me
man i wish he wouldve asked if there are any possitives from their disorder :/ i usually think about that when it comes to my PDD so it would be interesting to know if they have found any hidden semi "perks" with theirs. kinda cool that the dude also find music to help. for me it helps drown out most of the depressive thoughts and help me focus, can also help me disarm a panic attack somewhat (sadly it has to be so loud that it most likely is damaging my hearing to work :/ ).  p.s would be interesting for me with a video with some ppl who also have PDD/chronic depression but i doubt it would make a popular video because its quite a boring disorder :/ (not very fascinating or interesting compared to the more "exotic" active ones ^^).
you don’t understand how happy i am to see this episode. my dad has schizophrenia and almost took his life last year. i’m legit crying. thank you, i want people to understand what my dad and many others live with. <3
i expirence some of these things and im foreal scared
I have a sweet but haunting lady whispering to me when its quiet and stressful nights I wake up with cuts it's mainly auditory happened after a bad accident 5 years ago 21 now no worries I'll kick her ass one day:)
Why is watching this series addicting
Mr Blobman ! And the audio cracks, damn dude that was kinda scary ! Just HEARING about this disorder fills me with fear, i simply can not imagine living with this :(
Is it pronounced Schizophr(EE)nia or Schizophr(EH)nia or does it depend on location (I’m British)?
All this and and social security only gives you like 700 dollars for a check...wild. 🥴
The covid 19 riots were real to me in my psychotic state off my meds. None of what happened in Georgetown were hallucinations but the real deal. I took it upon myself to call the cops and tell them delusions I had that people were on Jacob's ladder in their cannabis. I graphittied up the town defacing buildings and I robbed Subway of soft drinks, fought 3 people and a dog and ond guy came back and attacked me with a machete and I fought him with my bic lighter. A year has gone by and I dont plan to return to georgetown.
i think it would be really interesting to see a "i spent a day with people who have cotard's syndrome"
I really like how some of AP's videos are lighthearded and some are really serious, like this one.
What would happen if someone in real life got involved with your hallucinations?
My brother has schizophrenia, we are one year apart so growing up I always felt like he was also my friend, I always thought everything he did was just who he was I never thought too much about it until he turned 20 and everything changed. Everything he was saying wasn’t making sense. It honestly felt like I lost my brother, he’s physically with me but mentally he’s in another world. It breaks my heart.
Cecilia sounds like Yukio Washimime From Black Lagoon
💜💜💜💙💙💙
This video was so hard for me to watch. It actually took me a few try’s over a couple days. I got put in such a terrible situation with a Schizophrenic person. But this was a person that didn’t take medication, let it control them and did hard drugs on top of that. And I knew none of the above. And it obviously put such a bad taste in my mouth obviously. But to see there is such sweet people out there with this. That’s also acknowledges the problem and even tries to help themselves . I love this. And you always do a great job with your videos Anthony ❤️
Schit
The temporary chard extracellularly decide because blow tellingly analyse plus a frantic crush. instinctive, grandiose reward
He should do one with Dyslexics.  Bring people in with various kinds of Dyslexia, not just reading issues.
imagine talking to someone and then you hear them say something incredibly offensive that they didn’t actually say
this video really reminded me of the DID video
One thing i absolutly love about anthony is thta he is a veary welcoming and nice person
i dont understand why people are scared of others with schizophrenia. im on the psychotic spectrum and the idea of getting fullblown schizophrenia TERRIFIES me. but someone else having it? that just worries me because that shit must be horrifying
I spent a day with candice,joe and imagine dragon.
What of we're seeing the world different😳
my ex had schizophrenia but i wasn't aware, he was pretty out there but he didn't sound much different than most people who did acid and whatnot. i was also only 18, but after the breakup, 4 years went by until i heard from him again. and then again the next year. i thought it was odd bc so much time went by and he was scaring me bc he was sending photos of a shrine type thing and told my boyfriend at the time (after calling repeatedly i gave him the phone) and he said "thanks for taking care of her for me while i was gone" so yeah i was pretty mad bc i was 18 when we dating and he was holding on to this "ideal" lover and it wasn't even me. fast forward another two years and he messaged on a new fb account he wrote a song for me. and i told him to leave me alone and i wish him the best, then he finally said that he had schizophrenia and to be honest and tell him if we have been talking over the last few years or not to help him process if it was real or not. i felt really bad bc it made so much more sense why he still had me on his mind.
i’m always one to give a like to your videos, not only out of support but there’s always moments where your videos and everyone involved especially shine. your never ending kindness and positivity does wonders <3
I feel bad for people with schizophrenia because just that one clip with the auditory simulation scared me so bad but just imagine having to hear stuff or see stuff like that every single day
Anthony love the videos as always ❤️. Can you do a video about people with Depersonalization-derealization disorder, I really want to hear people who have this the same as me to understand what it is like for them.
The lady is so softspoken...
Holy cow, thank you Nikola for talking about Etika. If was such a huge problem with people not taking him serious, egging him on, …thank you for this Anthony
I used to have a coworker who had schizophrenia he was pretty cool
Oh look a thing i have. Although i only have auditory hallucinations. And the pills do it for me for now anyway.
Just starting watching your vids, it is so interesting to learn about these things. Love these!
I fully understand this I was diagnosed 2years ago, thx u for sharing
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia earlier this year after dealing with audio hallucinations for over a year prior. I feel I like relate to Kody the most, it came out of nowhere. I can barely watch movies, listen to music or hold conversations with people, it feels like someone is behind me constantly criticizing everything I do, or think about doing. It gets really dark at times. I find most comfort in videos like this and religious videos.
I've seen on YouTube one of cecilia's talks in the past. Even though she's changed a lot since then her story/experience stuck with me. I'm so happy to see her again doing fine.
8:28 Back in nam
Me: *in public minding my business* Random schizophrenic person: *grabs my arm looks me in the eye and runs off* Me: *is confusion*
i watched cecilia's ted talk and she explained some of her hallucinations and wow,they were terrifying sounding. but i highly recommend watching that.
New watcher here. Anthony is one of the most compassionate people on the internet. Thank you, Anthony.
Im in your walls, sorry im zooted rn
I know that dude from tik tok that's shiczophrenic prison guy
Thank you all for sharing your stories!
I was told I had Psychosis/Schizophrenia  when I was 12 or 13 and I realized I’ve had it since I was 4, it’s caused some serious anxiety, depression and paranoia, at first I wanted to deny I had it now I just don’t care. I deal with seeing lots of hallucinations and sometimes delusions.
I have SCHIZOPHRENIA and i see jeff the killer with a knfe, and hear my won voice saying to end me. i see a roblox also i have medecin now IM 12 WHY ME
I am 12 i have SCHIZOPHRENIA ,TOURETTE SYNDROME, AUTISUM, OCD, and ADHD, becus i have all this i can't live with my parents. thanks for making videos to cheer me upp
subtitulos en español :CCCCCCC
I hope to meet more people with schizophrenia.. my only experience is my ex’s mom who was definitely emotionally abusive to her kids and scared her kids, and just was a bad person :/ , it’s sad to see people pushed down and looked down upon for things they can’t really control.
Can anyone help me and my husband just last week we have had to admit my step son his son into mental health secure unit due to schizophrenia and addiction to meth “P”, he’s only just turned 21 last month...he’s so scared he wants the thoughts to stop in his head, he has gangs running around in his head telling me him and his sister got shot by gang members the other night which is not real, his 5 day assessment has showed that under Nz mental health act they have to keep him in for up to another 2 weeks but in all honesty it’s really going to be months cause not only is he needing to get help with his schizophrenia but the Meth addiction on top of it...
Props to to u brave guys out here enlightening us more about alot of stuff
she is just amazin
I FOLLOW CODY ON TIKTOK :D
Plot twist : they actually can see and hear ghosts around them 🙃
I went thru 3 minutes of this video and I’m already hearing sounds so should I keep watching the video?    Edit: Im sorry I cant wayyy too triggering
my mom has shizophernia. Rn she's in a mental hospital and gonna come out in 2 weeks or so :D she had voices and told me her voices in her head said "kill/stab (my aunts name). she was always talking to herself and one time she said she saw a demon. She has like more than 3 illnesses, my grandma, aunt and sis went to see her 4 days ago or so and she's way better now! I feel bad for her. especially if you're a student it's going to be so hard to live with people that has that illness. I couldn't focus on my texts, hw and couldn't sleep because my mom would yell at oxygen or talk with herself. I just hope that she won't be like that anymore, so we could live like a happy family like other people! I know may be childish but,, I'm 12 so it makes sense ig ^^
i have hallucinated since i was 3
I wanted to give Jorge a hug so bad after seeing him get emotional and hearing him talk about mental health needing to be addressed better, as part of this society I am so disappointed that we don't take mental health more seriously and how many stigma's we have created around these types of mental illnesses.  Thankyou for making these videos Anthony, it really spreads awareness and hopefully in the future people will start to recognize mental illnesses more and take them more seriously as well as getting rid of all the stigma's that are attached   <3
God bless every single person on this planet with this disorder.
Remember when it was just Anthony and Ian in Smosh?
Thank you for this video. 🙏
God this makes me sad. My grandma has schizophrenia and something is telling her brain we are against her. It happened when her son died, very early, he was only 10 years old. My grandma has to take heavy pills to push it.
I wanna give mans with the headphones a huge hug
You should make a video about people living with PCOS (polycystic ovarian syndrome)
I think I have it, I feel something grab my leg and pul me in my sleep, I one see a human on all fours in my room, I hear noises. I am scared
People need to understand it’s not the people’s fault schizophrenia isn’t controllable
I follow him on tiktok 😄
Kody's using of a phone camera to see if the person in front of him is real was so interesting
As one with Schizophrenia with Paranoia I hope more ppl can see this video and understand us more. Looking back my symptoms started at age of 3 then came out more at 12/13 then almost drove me to suicide at 19 then got diagnosed.(23 now) I was Embarrassed at first because people started to treat me differently and thinking I am a danger to them. Every person I meet i have to tell them I never hurt someone else only myself. after a year after i got diagnosed I started to just say publicly like "yeah i have schizophrenia" Most of the time people accept it and they ask what I experience and they learn about what I go through and stuff and I love to share my experience to people who arnt familiar with Schizophrenia and those who just want to know about it. Love you all <3
Yeah I have this disorder but once she said she thought she was possessed at first I thought that too because in my house because I grew up being religious And even sometimes it still messes with me but yea
i love how he interviews
hi
I went to the hospital when I was young from stress. People noticed weird things. They kept it quiet and led me to a doctor.  There I found out I had a type of childhood schizophrenia from loss. I learned it wasnt a scary bad thing, it wasnt what people would say.(being 13 they would say bad things) but it took me so long to SEE schizophrenia, that I felt more unuseful, lost and unusual. My story couldnt help. Then I met someone and I learned mine was not like hers, and she needed proper care and service, so I clued in that you cant appropriate your problem on someone else. It was a learning experiance. That us why I appreciate your videos.
I’m fairly certain I have schitzophrenia but I don’t want to seem like I’m making some crazy self diagnosis to my family. How would I exactly get official diagnosis? I say a counselor that said what path I should go down and wanted me to go to a mental hospital for diagnosis but my family doesn’t want me to go to one. I’m personally fine with it but they don’t want to not be able to contact me.
I commented
I love the education and i feel like i learnt alot BUT anthony PLEASE dont cut to giant spiders without a warning bc i have alot of anxiety around them and it really startled me-
My cousin had that when she was around 10-11 years old she doesn’t have illusions anymore but she keeps thinking that the world isn’t real
They're experiencing irl Dora
p
Respect for my mans talking about Etika he’s absolutely right. Rip to the homie man
i have mad respect for jorge saying to donate to the trevour project
My mom has schizophrenia and she's 43 but getting better
are psychosis and schizophrenia the same?
Anthony PAPAYA is the best
i got diagnosed with schizophrenia because of college got hard back in 2018 thank god my sister knew this mental disorder so well and i got treated very early on because of that i "healed" very quickly" im basically back to normal again and no symptoms. from my experience delusion is so true about i really believed many people want to hurt me for many reason that dont make sense. and catatonic behavior is whats making me lost all my muscle progression because im an sport addict, i really didnt speak or move i just lay in bed for like 16 hours a day my life just wake up eat and sleep no working out because i was consumed by my mind. im fighting with my own mind, even when relatives and friend come by i cant show any expression at all its because my mind telling me something is wrong all the time. just wanna share my experience
Never followed Smosh, didn’t really know anything about him but I’m in love with these spend a day with videos. I’ve learned so much, he’s so nonjudgmental and kind
The wooden japanese briefly miss because geology rahilly replace within a dependent bedroom. imperfect, amazing hippopotamus
hi, i'm Alex and i was diagnosead with paranoidal schizophrenia? and at first i was ok with these visuals of hallucinations in this video ( and it's good that u gave a trigger warning) but boiiiiii that 5sec examle of auditory hallucinations triggered me so bad, i was on the verge of a panic attack. i've been on a medication for years, so it didn't triggered anything psychotic, but it still was so scary   i'm not blaming Antony or anything, i'm sure that it helps to understand how it feels to have auditory hallucinations, i'm just asking for those who have those videos and audos around to always put trigger warnings and descriptions, it's really important fr people like me.
I've seen Cecilia on SBSK before but she looks so diffrent it took me few minutes to recognize her. Girl is glowing! She looks so pretty!
Thank you for making this video. This helps me understand what my boyfriend goes through. He’s very good about taking his meds. This will definitely help me help him.
"If two people were in front of me, I wouldn't know which was a hallucination."   Person 1: Hey, who are you looking at? You: . . . Aren't there two people here?  Person 2: No, what do you mean? Person 1: I'm the only one here.  You: . . .  Person 2: What do you see? You: I see someone whom I can't tell if they're a man or a woman.  Person 2: . . . I'm a man. And you're not looking at anyone.  Person 1: Weird, there's no one there.  You: . . . Person 2: And by the way, you kind of like a woman too.
When he started crying😔Broke my fucking heart. You are allowed to cry, you're allowed to release your emotions, you are worthy and you matter🖤
i appreciate these videos so much!! they educate and help spread so much love, awareness and comfort for all those facing these lifelong challenges 💘💘💘SO MUCH admiration to for Anthony and everyone with mental disorders no matter how big or small
I literally show mostly all the symptoms but I’m not 16 to 30
If we all knew the truth, the world will be boring                          -ME.
had to leave after she started talking about hallucinating big spiders. big nope for me. i cant imagine going what she goes thru as she obviously doesn't have the option to stop   :(
Sit down with drug addicts
I didn’t even realize that psycho was derived from schizophrenic people. I might have to readjust my vocabulary.
Nicolas (?)--when he talked about not being able to show feelings... yep the real harm in macho culture where men are tough and don't feel things and don't cry. Society as it is harms everybody. Also wanted to say--I love how empathetic Anthony is. .
THANK YOU ALL FOR SHARING SO MUCH!!!!!!!
As someone with schizophrenia i like how you are judgements and understands
I don't know how to explain my own situations about this. Hell, I never really talk about it honestly because I'd feel judged--be told I'm just overreacting. Sometimes I believe that. Sometimes I don't. But, since I see others in the comment section are talking about theirs, I suppose it wouldn't hurt to speak too about it.  I was diagnosed with schizophrenia back when I was a senior in highschool. Idk how it came to be, or why it did, but it did. It all started during a time in class. And it involved my fellow students there. You see, how I experience it could be similar to others, or maybe not. But my thoughts felt different. I saw things that one probably wouldn't see or want to do. It was random, and it felt so real to me, as if I was doing the acts myself. They were horrible and violent, and just random. Then I realized I was sitting in the chair again with the class perfectly normal.   Then the thoughts continued, and currently where I am as a 21 year old, it happens even now. I simply had to close my eyes because I felt anxious from it. But yeah, I was diagnosed by my doctor after explaining how real these images were to me, and how they felt in detailed descriptions that involved inhumane acts.   But I still to this day wonder if it's really schizophrenia or something else. Regardless, they said that, and I just wanted to spill the beans without feeling judged as I would if I told my mom, or my brothers and sisters. Because they don't understand what I mean by this. So...yeah, hopefully you guys here can.
Have you ever gotten to talk with people who have PMDD? It’s a mood disorder related to reproductive hormones that affects a large number of people but isn’t well known about.
9:51 maybe an arachnophobia warning next time please?
Oh boy, I just barely got through half of this one.  After having what I'm pretty sure was a panic attack from the auditory simulation, the visual ones started getting to me as well.  I'm sad I won't hear the rest of what they're saying, but christ, I can't do this right now. My brain is already conjuring up all sorts of stuff that I really don't need nor want. It feels like my senses are going into overdrive.  Yeah, this is not a good video for me.
I have hallucinations  as well, Visual, Auditory and touch/feeling. But according to my doctor I don't have schizophrenia because I have no delusions. I got the hallucinations and paranoia at times tho. But what my doctor doesn't understand is that I have had delusions at times, for example I was sure demons were after me, they wanted to hurt me, I sometimes don't recognize my own mirror image, as if I am seeing someone I never seen before etc.
One of these people seems to be faking it. Guess which one.
As someone who has recovered from Schizophrenia, I can tell that the key shift happened for me when I started to embrace my experiences and to question that perhaps the so-called delusions were real. That's when I started noticing that a lot of my experiences were actually really happening, even though some of them could not really be explained by "the experts". And after I learned that our perception of reality is largely based on our beliefs, I learned to re-construct and re-interpret my reality, basically by consciously altering my beliefs. I learned that you can simply let go of the belief because it no longer serves you. Most of those beliefs aren't even yours in the first place, but instead, it's something that was instilled in you by your family, school, society, or any other authority you assigned power to.
hehe binge watching anthony padilla again..
This has beyond opened my eyes on this, i feel empathetic for these people, it’s horrible :(
Only ogs remember SMOSH
1. My x mother in law has schizophrenia she tried to stab me cuz the voices told her too. I was trying to comfort her, I kept telling her the voices aren't real, and she stood up opened the kitchen drawer, grabbed a knife, pointed it at me screaming, I backed up, she came at me, and I ran... My x had to knock her the hell out to keep me safe from her.  2. My best friend has a severe case of schizophrenia he killed his fiance cuz he thought he was holding him hostage for the illuminati to come and get him over his powers to control electronics.   I am not prejudice or hateful towards people with schizophrenia but I am scared to be alone with one that isn't on medication cuz of my experiences.
I have schizophrenia, Autism and Bipolar disorder.  I'm so glad this video was made as this illness is horrifically  stigmatized.  Thank you AnthonyPadilla.
Kody talking about the phone trick to identify hallucinations sounds terrifying to me. I can't imagine what it must be like to experience a moment like that, and it's clear that his mental and emotional fortitude is so much stronger than some people might think. I'm incredibly glad he was able to explain how real some schizophrenic individuals' hallucinations can be though.
I'm happy that they were able to professionaly seek help early on for their distinct concerns to be properly treated and identified as Schizophrenia.
As someone with bipolar disorder I agree with the girl when she said we need to teach children about mental illness because I felt so alone and I didn't understand why I wasn't accepted
Meds are sorcery sorcery is against Scripture!
I wonder what their beliefs are.
Spend a day with a whole bible observant.
Why not ask if they tried to get an exorcism?
Cool
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia back in 2012. I've had a few hallucinations and been paranoid, but I'm also very delusional. (TW specific delusional) Sometimes I believe I'm the reincarnated spirit of Van Gogh and that I'm gonna be a famous artist one day. I'll believe that people I meet are time travelers from the future. (TW major self harm) 5 years ago, I had a major psychotic break and shot myself in the back.
I love your channel and how you understand people!
i would vibe with these people
4:09 this sounds like D.I.D?
What scares me is when I dissociate from reality my mind will take me to a different time in my life and for a split second i am not in the moment. And it is very frightening if I am driving and this happens which is y i am on meds
I love kody hes funny on tiktok.
I am not diagnosed with this but I do have audio and visual hallucinations due to my anxiety when it peaks high.
\o/
I used to know someone online who has schizophrenia. I don't talk to him anymore since he was in his 20s and I was 11-12, but-
I recomend you spend a day with people that have visual snow syndrome or vss
The guy who decribed his schizophrenia sounded like like people with multiple personality disorder. That’s interesting.
Schizophrenic people see things that normal people dont see but only schizophrenic can see Its not a mental illness They are just stand users
i remember before taking medication i would get really itchy on my body if i was not wearing a shirt. this went undiagnosed for years. i even joined the marine corps for 9 years until i was diagnosed. i am now 100% veteran disabled and ssdi. and i own a 585k house. these people seem they enjoy their hallucinations. i think it sucks.
So i don't know about the other people, but these videos are giving me new insight. Some of my friends and i have talk about when we hear voices, or see stuff that wasn't there. No we are not schizophrenic. But that is the point. It seems to me that people that have mental health problems are just people that have an excessive trait that we all already posses as human(and affects them way too negatively). We all have intrusive thoughs, but OCD people have them excessively. We all hear or see stuff that isn't there, specially when we are scare, but schizoprenic have them excessively.   If you think about it, we only need a minute to fathom just a bit how would it be to live like a person with a mental health disorder. No, we will not understand completely. But once we empathize and understand that it goes beyond those feelings that we can fathom, we can make live easier for them and remind them(and us) that they are exactly like us. Different hurdles in live no doubt, but we are the same, just trying to live.
my dad is schizophrenic and i may have it too, this video helped me a lot! thank you
👍Yo props to channel and all these people sharing themselves !!! And 💪MADDDDD love and props to them people not given up on life💪 and pushin on with all they deal wit👏👏👏👏
Cecilia's story is kinda relatable especially after playing a horror game or watching a horror show but then again, idk how serious is that.
I love cecilia, I saw her ted talk a few years ago when I was first diagnosed
Thank you so much for all videos you made. You are one of my absolutely best youtubers ever. :) Jsi borec. Mám moc rád tvoji tvorbu.
would love to see "i spent a day with non-binary and/or trans people"
one of my family members has severe psychosis and almost never feels safe. it's really hard to be able to talk to him and it makes me sad. this video helped me have an insight of what his mind might possibly be going through, and helps me understand his situation. so thank you for this :)
wow omg im so early!!!
It's as if you were living in a horror movie. How absolutely terrifying. The "ain't no throwdown with a demon" comment made me chuckle, though.
Great to hear from them on how they would like others to help them and support them. I have never met someone who has schizophrenia(that i know of) but i feel like now i have some ideas on how to be a good friend to someone who experiences this if i ever meet them in the future. Thanks 👍
OMG IVE SEEN KODY FROM JESSICA KENTS CHANNEL
My friend back in college had this and i vividly remember him having a hallucination in the middle of class a few times. (he looked utterly terrified and I felt so bad for him ). He only really told a few of us he had it. A few years ago he got treatment and no longer has it anymore 👍
Is it possible to reach out to you somehow about being interviewed?
My dad used to run a 711. He had to ban someone with schizophrenia because he often slipped on his medication, causing him to get aggressive very easily. One time while I was in the store, the guy (who I’ll call Dave) was in too. You could tell by his body language that he was delusional, but relatively fine. As I’m at the till paying, Dave is behind me at the coffee island. My dad comes in and starts threatening to call the cops if he didn’t leave (this was a few years ago, I believe he said “Dave, you know you can’t be in here. If you don’t leave I’m calling the cops”). My dads at the door, I’m at the till, and Dave is by the coffee. He starts getting aggressive, standing in a stance like he was ready to charge. One of my dads coworkers had already quietly called the police (I think the cops told my dads staff to call them if they could tell if he was off his meds, so they could try and get him back on them) so the cops were there within a couple of minutes. When we got back to the car, I turned to my dad (I think I was 14 at the time) and said “You handled that VERY poorly. You don’t get aggressive with someone off their meds, ESPECIALLY with your daughter in middle of you two. Who knows what could’ve happened if he charged.” And I think after me yelling at him about it, he never talked to him like that again
Anyone else here have Schizoaffective disorder as opposed to schizophrenia like me?
Imagine living with the voices your hole life. Now I have great respect for these people
Sit down with drug addicts
Can yous do a 22q11.2 deletion syndrome also known as digeorge syndrome please
THANK YOU FOR THESE VIDEOS! I care for people who suffer from disorders like these, I've recently started studying mental health and plan to do a psychology and counselling degree. Can't tell you how much it helps to be able to hear these stories especially coming from such a place of empathy, understanding and spreading awareness. Keep it up ❤
This really made me cry because my aunt has schizophrenia and growing up she was this kind sweet person that acted like a child yes with a bit of paranoia but nothing to bad but a couple years back it got really bad that she tried to kill herself and tried multiple times that same year she literally changed after that and it breaks my heart to see her this way it hurts also watching my grandparents suffer through this too she is here physically here but mentally she’s not here at all she at one point said someone broke into the house and got her pregnant and that ppl are out here trying to kidnap her she keeps breaking windows in her house and went outside naked at one point and I’m terrified for when the day comes when one of my grandparents die what would happen we can’t afford to put her in a place where we can put her in to help us out and we really don’t have a plan yet on what to do I hope when the time comes that she doesn’t hurt herself or others.
schizophrenia is a "popular" disease in my family so watching this video is like listening about my biggest fear
I’ve had psychosis for the last 5 years and this resonated with me, recently it’s been growing into more hallucinations honestly just comforting knowing there’s others out there
I was a kid , i didn't understand what my parents were going through when my older brother was diagnosed with schizophrenia. He became paranoid during his time in high school , he couldn't finish high school normally . he became violent towards us , threatening to poke my eyes out , he carried a bat and I remember him pacing bad and forth. My parents and I knew absolutely nothing about mental disorders and he would be extremely paranoid about our neighbors thinking they wanted to rape him. I remember him carving his wrist and talking / yelling at himself. It was scary but I was ignorant and mistreated him. Now as I type this I cry because it hurts to know I as his sister wasn't there for him when he needed me. He's on medication but he never leaves the house and hasn't in years , my parents suffered so much and my mom cried so many times. It was a nightmare when we knew nothing about this . he used to play with me as kids and now he's become a shell of what he used to be, hardly talks and my parents need to push him a bit to take care of himself. Before i moved out , I found his journal that he used to write in years ago and it hurt reading his thoughts and wanting to be accepted , to find someone to love him ...
thank you for giving such a good look at it because its really horrible and as someone with it im glad you can help others better understand it
These people are so wise 💙💙
Jorge my Dominican brother yessir 🇩🇴
i can’t imagine having schizophrenia. i already get irritated when i hear too much noise— auditory hallucinations would drive me crazy.
you should do OCD. it's actually really misunderstood
your thumbnail pissed me off lol
When jorge talks about different people coming out that sounds a bit like DID, though I might be biased from just having watched that video.
yall really tryna act like these aint demons
What I find really sad about this is most of the time people only focus on the paranoid aspect of schizophrenia. Paranoid Schizophrenia isn't the only type. There is Disorganized Schizophrenie (sometimes considered even worse than the paranoid form) and Catatonic Schizophrenie (consisting of weird bodily function, like sitting or standing in weird positions for hours.) So no schizophrenie isn't all about hearing or seeing things. I have the disorganized form and I have no halluzinations (at least not visual or auditory, i have more like olfactory halluzinations). Right now everything is considered schizophrenia but there so many different forms.
New fear unlocked: trees falling on me
my gramma has alzheimers and is terrifyed of my grampa, and is starting to hear terrible things that my dad is telling her but it isnt there. she has watched a movie in her closet watching a shirt, and my grampa has said that he hates her and he is cheating and he doesnt love her. and my dad is visiting her the most and she is starting to hear him say bad stuff its really sad to watch her basically destroy her own mind.
i think my brother has schizophrenia. idk tho
It's so great to see these people with schizophrenia just being themselves. They're people just like us.
My brother once said that someone had schizophrenia.  Me: That's the one with hallucinations right? Everybody in my family: No it's the one where you have different personalities and you can't remember something the other did. Me: ..... but that's DID-
Imagine having a random dude walk up and grab your arm, then look shocked because your real and embarrassingly run away. It would be so confusing and surreal. Must be such a scary condition to live with.
i would like to see “i spent a day with therapists” it would be interesting to see how they live their life, and how they deal with their own struggles.
ok, since nobody had said this yet: THAT SIMULATION WAS THE MOST TERRIFYING THING IVE EVER EXPERIENCED HOLY FUCK. AND I HAD EARBUDS IN.
but that second guy sounds like he has D.I.D hope he is doing well
20:00 Man... Doesn't matter if you're ill or not... Something that I really hate is when other people speak for others. If the both parts are okay with it, it's fine. But there are many cases where there are people you do not want to associate with and having these people speak for you is the worst feeling in the world.
Could you maybe do misophonia or Trichotillomania?
I wish i could give these people a hug and offer just the smallest amount of support i could to help.
Can you do a video on adults with sensory processing disorder?
Bruh... You can’t put the hallucination sim in here. Literally made me think for second that I was still in my shroom trip from a few days ago for a second since I kept having hallucinations of continuing my life and then coming back into the trip while on shrooms and as someone who’s also had auditory hallucinations while having panic attacks, that part literally made me scared for a quick moment. Like holy fuck dude, don’t do that to me man.
I don't think I have schizophrenia, but oftentimes I hear my mom yelling at me for dinner or something but it's not like it's from my head, it sounds like it was coming from the kitchen but when I go and check the kitchen, no one is there. Also, sometimes I think something is following me. like I hear footsteps and everything but no one is there. Please help, live never really thought much of it but now I'm not sure if it might be schizophrenia.
I feel like I have schizophrenia but I don’t know
spend a day with swedish people
honestly i’d love to see anna matskevich on a show (she has schizophrenia and paranoia) but i doubt that’ll ever happen, her story is tragic and it’d be impossible to get in touch with her haha
Serious question, I wonder if people with schizophrenia hallucinate inside games and especially VR.
My roommate has schizophrenia or schizo-affective disorder but doesn't believe he does and refuses to take meds but he's delusional and has some weird beliefs. He only thinks he has OCD, but even his OCD is inconsistent. When I got up each day, I never knew what version of him I was gonna get. He was very overreactive and I was constantly walking on eggshells around him. He just left on Thursday. Don't know if he's coming back.
Is there such a thing as support animals for schizophrenia? I imagine having a dog who wags its tail and looks directly at people, or acts defensively in real threatening situations would be so useful in helping to determine what is or isn't a hallucination?
I have schizophrenia. Since I’ve been on my meds for awhile the symptoms went away. But I know they’ll come back. Especially when I’m stressed. It feels like I’m living in hell when I’m in psychosis. I’m lucky I have YouTube to educate myself. My first hallucination was the baby I lost crawling in a window😭😭😭 it started when I was 16. One time I thought people were turning humans into food so I wouldn’t eat. It’s crazy how real it feels. I don’t wish it on my worst enemy. It’s so dangerous because I get scared and start panicking and running away and cry. No one can understand and they tell me it’s not real BUT ITS RIGHT THERE
Hey, I like this. I am recovering from Schizoaffective Disorder. Nice video!
i saw the spiders and clicked off so fast-
I just recently lost someone close to me due to having an episode from his schizophrenia, he had the cops called on him from having ‘irregular’ behavior and instead of the cops taking him to a mental hospital, they ended up killing him. Thank you so much Anthony for shining light on this totally misunderstood mental Illness.
I love your empathetic stance when doing these videos. You're very understanding and good at talking to all walks of people.  Mental health is a SERIOUS issue. I hate that society is still stigmatizing mental health and mental healht disorders.
A loved one in my life has schizoaffective disorder and this was very helpful tips for me and my family thank you Anthony and thank you to the people that shared their own personal story and to stay strong!
This is a really useful video. But I do have an issue with putting things like schizophrenia in with "I spent the day with otherkin", or "timetravelers".
YAY CODY
I’ve heard someone whisper in my ear a few times. What do you think that is . Do I have it ? Bc no one is there when that happens.Or the person who was in the room with me was asleep or not even talking
I thought he said “exercising the demons” and I was like OOH YEAH!
When he started talking about Etika we started crying at the same time. I feel you man. Thank you for having that moment for Etika, for me, for all of us. Rest In Peace Etika. We won’t forget you.
oh man! Cody!! I follow him on tiktok he's very candid about his mental health i love it
I’d really love to see interviews with people with bipolar disorder. I, along with multiple family members live with the disorder. Unlike my dad I experience psychosis during mania. It would be really helpful to learn about other people’s experiences with this symptom/disorder. Thank you for your videos! It’s so important to hear other people’s stories and being able to understand their lives a little better. 💚
I now have my new biggest fear
this video really helped me understand the POV in a book I have to read called the center cannot hold
this is the first time i watched his channel and him jumping from the ceiling but talking like nothing happened killed me 🤣
This is the best content on YouTube hands down .
Hiya, someone with psychosis, (and other things)  I have see, feel, hear, smell and taste hallucinations. (Yes, even taste and smell!!)  even though there are main components to schizophrenia and psychosis, there can and is things that vary for different people, such as I haven't met anyone that tastes or smells their hallucinations. Sometimes it tastes and smell like metals like iron or sulphur.  Other times it's like chamomile, Roses and other floral things.
this is why Josh Washington is innocent from Until dawn.
I’ve watched some videos with Cecilia years ago and it’s great to see how well she is doing.
Fuck I should have been on this
Well i learned alot today about this subject and the people living with it. So thank  you
My dad has schizophrenia and this really is a great video, thank you for spreading awareness!
I started watching this again and just went “omg schizophrenichippy!” So now I’m rewatching it
big a*s spiders?? hallucination or not burn it with holy fire
I experience some auditory hallucinations, occasional visual hallucinations, and some paranoia. Probably not severe enough or consistent enough to be schizophrenia but it really makes me feel for these people. Especially having hallucinations while everyone thinks hallucinations make you a crazy axe murderer.
My mom works and diagnoses these kind of people so I was and still am pretty well educated on the topic
If you have an anxiety disorder I don't suggest watching this because as a person who gets scared by the mention of a ghost this stuff is terrifying, I feel so bad for the people who have to deal with this kind of stuff
The music is really loud.  Makes it hard to hear the voices
" That your conscious"  Me:why does my conscious tell me to stab myself?!
The simulation video freaked me out so badly, I had to pull the earbuds out cause it gave me severe chills and anxiety. That’s just awful I’m so sorry for anyone who goes through that or anything similar
I like how in "Criminal Minds" they go out of their way to say that people with schizophrenia are actually less likely to be violent then normal people.
Crying is badass
I formed this hallucination of some sot where a shadowy figure would dash right by me, they were really quick and it startled me. another one is part of the ceiling falling down- a tiny part, like a snowflake. I connected the showdy figures to a wasp because of how fast they moved and I became highly afraid of them. I had a full picture hallucination a few months ago of the hype realistic troll face laughing at me- Im now terrified of the troll face cause of that.  I told my parents about this but the nuerologist and retina specialist concluded that these are just phenomenoms.. I still see these things now but Im not bothered by it.. however I have been hearing footsteps from no one at night as well as door banging.  I dont think I have schizerphernia, but it feels so strange.  I really love this series, started seeing this yesterday and I am starting to understand a psychology unit Im taking about mental disorders.
Hi Anthony, I Just wanted to take a few seconds and say thank you for all the content you create and all the understanding of often miss understood topics, it is so incredibly interesting and eye opening to watch your content, thank you.
I love Kody!! His TikToks have really educated me on this topic 💛
As someone with schizoaffective disorder I can relate to these people, especially Kody. The voices move around the house and the delusions can be debilitating. Im happy that people are trying to understand something that effects so many people.
I am on a journey learning about different mental health disorders. Learning I have ADHD at age 29 taught me I don't know as much as I thought (had no idea it was ADHD bc I didn't rly know what adhd was). I was always told depression and anxiety (which is there, but caused by adhd). I live in Alabama and the mental health system is so bad. I really appreciate people coming here and sharing their experiences. My therapist and psychiatrist literally google my suggestions and give me "uh maybe" with my symptoms and that's it.
God bless them and you ❤️ all love
sounds like how i feel on mushrooms 🍄🍄
Schizophrenia is just another disorder that can be treated by mind control and self-awereness. Almost every mental disorder is just created by individual's mental thinking. Thus it doesn't really exist.
If you haven't already, it would be great to see people living with bipolar disorder on the channel. It's heavily misunderstood and is a very compelling topic.
why was this slightly triggering
i love this series well done anthony its good to get rid of the stigma around these kinds of things and as a person who is affected by many of the disorders you are shedding light on i just wanna cheer ya on :)
If anyone remembers, the girl that drowned in a water tank at the top of a hotel, had schizophrenia. After hearing her story, and these stories, I believe this video is a great step forward to knowing more about the subject.
Sadly Twomad was not invited
I was hoping to get more insight on the delusions. I'm trying to get a grasp on my hallucinations but the delusions are just hard hard.
Me sees warning this wat does all thos worrs mean???? Keeps watching me: .... well i wish u could watch this or i will start scream cuz im Hallucinating i see scary stuff
I started laughing when corpse's voice started playing. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I used to have stuff like this actually!!  It was this girl that was green, black hair and white dress.  She was every where whenever I was alone and scared.
I spent day with bjd doll makers pls 🙏
Would you consider doing a vid on aspd? Very interested in others personal experiences
The lowly harmonica intialy battle because plaster internationally chop alongside a  flippant desire. ratty, nutritious greece
Why does Cody’s voice kinda sound like Mr.Beast
Well damn… this was very interesting thanks
Learned a lot more about my brother
Oh well, i gues i am schicofrenic
I dont know but Jorge seem to have DID. He says he turn into diffrent people Protective, aggresive...Yes you can hallucinate voices, but where you think you have other personalities, seem like DID. But i could be wrong, I used to think schizophrenia was having multiple personnalities
I think I have Schizophrenia because I hear voices in my head and I keep seeing things or maybe my house is just haunted my mom said that she called a priest to bless our house to remove the ghosts, demons, spirits, but I dont remember that
CECELIA IS SO PRETTYYYDHDHHHDS
Im waiting for him to do  I spent a day with people who have survived shark attacks
My sister in law is dealing with schizophrenia as well. She reached the point where she harmed herself and others.  Something worst happened was that she saw her parents' faces changing into (excuse me) swines.   She's now hospitalized. I hope she'll get better and can live her life normally like other people.
Part 2: My friends personal experiences with Schyzoaffective Disorder. REMINDER AND DISCLAIMER: I have to put this so there is no confusion. These symptoms and experiences are to my froend personally. They do not reflect onto others with this disorder.  I will not be saying his name and only refering to him by gender or saying, "my friend". His halltinations are only 2 types on a constant when he has his "Bad days", and there is usually a third added of another. He usually hears and sees things and when a thirds thing is added it is either touch or smell. He is successfully on medications that work the best for him, however, even with this med, he still hears what he discribes as a thousand voices in the room whispering, however, it was not near as loud as that would actually be. He also on a more frequant that the wispers is shadows moving just out of eyesight in his periphery vision, the edge of what you can kind of see out of the corner of your eye when still looking forwards. Felt that need clarity. I'm not scared of how he acts if he has a bad day, to be honest, most of the tecnics to pull all of these people out of a spiral, a lot of them work on my friend. The one that works every time is not even giving the "thing" any attention. I only say thing because they can be qnything from a person to the Ghost Busters Movie Stay Puffed.
NO WAY MY NAME IS CECILIA! LMAO. When Anthony said "Hello, Cecilia!" I gasped
i’m crying my way through this. god we need to change and move away from the stigmas of mental health. the way people treat others (and me) when they find out or see something about our mental health issues - they act like absolute assholes. anthony’, you’re amazing for what you do and these people are incredible for what they go through and how they handle it.   END THE STIGMA
what happened to Etika was still so tragic, it was really upsetting that no one took him seriously and they would only bully him about it. (He probably did have supportive people but it seemed like the negatives out-weighed the positives).   I have two friends who have schizophrenia and as they said it's not wise to interact with the hallucination, but to help them ground themselves in their surroundings and tell them it's not real. (idk if the last part would be wise but I would imagine it would solely depend on the individual.)
Id love to see “i spent a day with colorblind people” hint hint gogy
i am just paranoid . :D
It could be that the guy at 4:33 has DID also? I am not an expert, I am just guessing
These people are brave to share. ✨Thank you. 🌸
God bless all their hearts
Imagine if this people smoke DMT
They’re all so strong. I couldn’t handle having that. So much respect for all of the guests
I wonder, if the one is able to negate the effect of him seeing things that aren't really there with the phone, what if they used VR headsets that have built in cameras to allow them to see whats basically in front of them at all times? Wouldn't that just be able to help them not see anything thats not really there for the whole time the VR battery lasts? Or would they eventually start seeing things within the cameras.
23:15  Me sitting here with both-
My big one is the spiders I have that as well I grew to have sever aracnaphobia  which was weird for me cuz I loved them so much as a kid  people I know would be like oh that's not bad  get over it  or it's just in your head so it's not a big deal just don't think about it   How dose one get over seeing and feeling being attacked by a spiders the size of a child  cuz your brain makes it real you feel that    Thank you for this  it's always makes me feel better to see people like me  and educating others and it's true we are  more likely to hurt ourselves then others
I personally have schizophrenia and one thing for sure it's a "spirit" and had dreams of certain figures saying it's a spirit. 1st was a dark figure telling me it not a deceiving spirit its schizophrenia spirit as I though it was spirit of deceit as kept hearing deceit but due to the stress I couldn't hear it clearly.  2nd a white robed, black figure,white beard.  I see orbs but sometimes,but when it becomes dead quiet like not even the ringing sound, they are clearly seen & heard.  Also do feel random pain.
"Just schizophrenia"
I don’t think I have schizophrenia. But in the past I’ve seen weird shit from the corner of my eyes that were pretty realistic. Like most of it were glowing white figures just standing around watching me. Some had fancy dresses that were white or pink and sparkled. Didn’t see faces on em often. Like once saw a little girl with red paint on her face staring at me with a ripped dress and fangs. Usually they’d disappear when I looked at em directly cuz they were from the corners of my eyes. The scariest thing was a tall shadow-y figure with a peach-skin-toned face that was mushy/meaty with holes for eyes and a mouth staring at me. I looked at it directly but it didn’t disappear, it just moved before the doorframe. I started crying. Cuz when I saw those things I had to sleep alone in the living room. Most of the stuff I’d see was in afternoon/night so it most likely is from lack of sleep. One time in the middle of the night it was like I was transported away from my home and floating in space. Then I was back at home, laying on the couch.  I don’t really see stuff anymore, or at least I can’t tell if I do or if it’s just from my eyes seeing shit wrong cuz obviously when you see stuff from the corners of the eyes you can see stuff wrong, that’s normal. But these days I’m paranoid that I’m being watched. I’ve always had a fear of being alone, I can only be alone if I have something distracting me. When I was younger I’d imagine an evil feminine voice laughing that something was gonna get me and I ran to a room where other people are there. Idk, again I don’t think I have schizophrenia, just wanted to share.
My dad had schizophrenia and he used to play as different characters for me when I was younger, I thought it was just him messing about but in the morning he’d never remember, I remember also he hallucinated an old man eating a bird alive.
Kody is amazing
Wow I feel bad for these people and respect their drive to keep going everyday despite it being so hard to live with a sense of normalcy. Also, it sucks that their hallucinations are scary stuff like faceless people or a child holding a knife. Why can’t it ever be like a financial advisor named Phil that carries a suitcase and offers to do your taxes?
Oh my god, is been so long since i have seen someone else called Jorge  Preach to all Jorge's in the world 😔👍
I have talked to alot of people about my diagnosis and family and strangers are very curious about it. Because of all the misinformation, they wanna hear the truth. I love to answer peoples questions, but more fact than personal exsperience because of fear of triggering myself.   The only person whom has EVER judget me by my diagnosis was my primary doctor. When I was (finally!) brave enough to see my doctor by myself about feeling constantly sick for six month, he told me that the flu season just (!) started and was like "I see you have Schizophrenia. It's probably all in your head".   When I went into the car I started crying. Never in my life have I felt so degraded.   I know today that I was stressed out.
Wait was that Shrek on 0:30 as the middle ghost? 😂😂
I have schizophrenia and it's nice to see people talking about it in a way that isn't shunning. :''). I get tactile, audio and visual hallucinations and delusions but now I just get random visuals every other month because I got lucky enough to not work and not go to school and live on disability with a support system.
I WILL SAY THIS A MILLION TIMES...MUSIC IS HEALING
In major therapy for a few years with one very good therapist discussing various disorders so that I could put some perspective on my own disorder, my therapist told me that the group of people she respects the most are people with schizophrenia because they suffer so much and try so hard to cope. My family was riddled with bipolar disorder and severe PTSD.  It was hard but not so hard as those with schizophrenia. My admiration for people is unsurmountable. And thank you for this episode.
I sometimes refer to schizophrenia as schiz or the schiz just as a shorthand, meaning literally nothing besides schizophrenia, because I figured that it was not only a general shorthand, but just acceptable by anyone with schizophrenia, but now I'll be more mindful in case someone dislikes it despite me explaining that it's just a shorthand.
i shouldn't have watched this before going to sleep
oh right my conscious made me laugh
I have psychosis, which is the umbrella disorder that schizo falls under. The only difference is I don't have delusions.
thank you anthony. big love man
This video made !e cry Im f\\\\\ng sacred now REEEE
my birth mother actually has this I didn't know the pain that schizophrenic people go through before I saw this vid thanks for it I learned a lot❤❤
How about people with antisocial personality disorder next? I would love to see this as it’s my diagnosis and you don’t see alot about the disorder other than the negative perspective of murders and psychopaths that have no feelings.
Do people with schizophrenia see the shadows of the things that they see because if they are illusions they would not be opaque so they would not block light. Right?
I still miss Etika. It was really a cool guy.
Thank you for this
know i don't know if i have schizophrenia
DAMN the simulation of the hallucination fucked me out
I just got diagnosed with schizophrenia and high functioning autism about a month ago and I really appreciate this video
Very good interviews. Thank you for sharing. What I heard; that it's more dangerous for the person with schizophrenia than others is absolutely true. I agree with that statement most.
much respect for Anthony and his channel. We need more people like him. This is truly beautiful and helpful . As a psych student, I would rather watch this than read the textbooks lol
that girl...spiders and clowns...I already have such a big phobia of those two things I can't imagine how anyone with this can live like this without such a large amount of your day being spent being just scared or paranoid
I’ve experienced schizophrenia when I used to drink codeine I quit and the withdrawals made me hear voices for 2 months. Drinking Kratom pills is what helped me from the withdrawal pains of opioids
My roommate in the mental hospital had or still has schizophrenia, scared me at first but she was actually pretty cool and fun to hang out with
I know you have done ADHD but can you do ADD and also can I be in it
My mum has Schizophrenia. The characters she see is 10 children she thinks is hers (she’s only got 2. Me and my sister. Dunno if there is any other characters she sees). I stay with my grandparents and I visit her every 2 weeks. One time I walked in to her government apartment and saw her drawing a figure with scrambled lines covering the figures head. I asked her who this is she’s drawing and she said...... it’s her. I think she’s half aware that she has a mental illness. She all so has a background of taking drugs when she was 16(she got in the wrong crowd of friends) Anyway that’s my mum story.
hopefully none of these people live in falkirk rn, there's plague doctors walking around the streets that must be confusing
Should have gotten twomad
I love Cecilia's voice. it's so soothing
Why are you « falling from the ceiling »?
seeing spiders must be terifying
The amount of people who intentionally try to trigger Kody in his TikTok comments is disgusting. It’s so sad.
Arachnophobia is very common. Please dont add video of spiders or alternatively add warnings at the beginning of the video.
I saw kody and tapped on instantlt
Young girl with an axe going through her head.
Here in Morocco, people just go to a religious man to read quran at them. It's so sad that those people are struggling because they don't know they probably have schizophrenia and are not possessed by demons or jin or whatever!
i want to see i spent a day with smosh
my biological mother and father both suffer with schizophrenia, and my bio mom was recently diagnosed with DID as well, so really thank you for shedding light on this. this was a hard video to watch because I still have a high chance of developing schizophrenia, but honestly it made me realize that if people can live with it normally so can i
Inb4 this is genuine advice seeking, I experience a lot of phantom sounds, visuals and touches ever since around late puberty for me that was 17/18 I am 26 now. But so far I have genuinely enjoyed the randomness of it and how real I experience it.  I do not get startled so I basically try to focus on the hallucinations anytime they happen. To try and see better than just the corners of my eyes, or like a far away sound.  Should I still seek some sort of professional opinion? Even though I actually want to keep it since to me it is fun because anything that is weird or uncanny I have always like.  For some data, I have diagnosis of ADHD, as well autism/psychic problem (the latter is what they called it when I was little and got diagnosed, currently I would be thrown under autism) I have paranoia and I purposely leave out suffer, since well it is usuefull you to always be weary and expect things, why you think I do not get startled ever. I already thought of all the bad the good and the ugly situations to happen through being paranoid.
This reminds me of a time a little while ago for some reason. I have a loft bed with a desk underneath, and one night I was scrolling on youtube super late, like always, when I see a weird blue light shining onto my ceiling. I couldn't see where it came from because the railing are completely solid, like a mini wall. I am frozen in fear and CANNOT move, wondering if there's aliens here or something. I finally muster up the courage to peek over the edge and see what it is, and guess what. It's my USB conversion thingy, and the screen that shows what's plugged into it and stuff is glowing blue. One of THE most terrifying/stupid experiences ever.
I have been having auditory hallucinations recently when I am super super tired.  It is so weird.  I don’t know if I am half-asleep or half dreaming when it happens because I am awake enough to experience it and sometimes respond audibly.  It’s so weird because most of the time I know it isn’t a real person right away and that the only possibility is that my mind is playing tricks on me, but I hear it loud and clear.  Sometimes it is a familiar voice, sometimes it isn’t, but it is loud and clear.  I couldn’t imagine feeling that way at all times.  It is so convincing and if I weren’t aware of my exact surroundings and my fatigue when it happens, there’s nothing that would immediately hint that it wasn’t real.   It must be incredibly difficult to live with at all times.  If you experience it just once you can begin to question what else your mind could conjure up and fool you into seeing, hearing, or believing.  Trippy.  I have a lot of respect and sympathy for anyone having to deal with schizophrenia, it has to be really confusing and difficult.
CECILIA AND I HAVE THE SAME HAIRCUT OMG!!! I LOVE HOW IT LOOKS ON HER :)))
💛
Cecilia was on an episode of Special Books by Special Kids. SBSK is another channel doing great work empowering the voices of people who are often overlooked and misunderstood. The creator, Chris Ulmer, interviews mostly children, sometimes adults, about their experiences living with various developmental disabilities, mental health problems, and neurodiversity. I think it is rare for special needs children especially to be given a platform to share their experiences, and I love that the internet makes it possible for creators like Anthony and Chris to give these people an audience to share their story with.
i hope to see "I spent a day with people w/ AMNESIA (PART 2)"
Has she asked the clown it’s name or attempted to have a conversation with it
This video was made on my birthday-
they’re so strong 🥺 i really can’t thank you enough for doing this
loved this video. my one bone to pick was I wish there was a TW edited into the video before Kody's hallucination simulation tiktok at 10:38. You can read a TW pretty much as the voices start talking, and I'm also a person w/psychosis, so this really frightened me. Other than that, this video was awesome. Thank you for giving vulnerable people a platform, Anthony!
It really, really seems like schizophrenia is the brain trying its damndest to hurt and terrorize the person its afflicting. It sounds truly nightmarish.  As such, I have a newfound and intense respect for schizophrenics, especially those who are still alive, fighting back against their own minds. As someone with her own mental health issues (depression, Borderline, and anxiety), I have so much empathy for those afflicted by schizophrenia.   This was incredibly illuminating and educational, thank you Anthony, and the three guests who shared with us!
Joy con boys😖
bet you cant do cant it do it
this video has really helped me understand what Schizophrenia is like
when you're a schizophrenic weeb and you started to see star platinum
For the guy who said he grabbed people's arm to tell if they were real or a hallucination and then would get embarrassed if they were real, if you don't want to freak them out but don't want to be judged or are just tired of explaining yourself over and over, just say "sorry, I thought you were someone else, you look like a friend of mine, we play games where we kind of surprise each other" or something like that, maybe? I don't think he was serious about running away because of embarrassment, I think he was most likely semi-joking...but maybe, and I wouldn't blame him if he was serious.
Yo when I saw kody I flipped out
Are there any mental disorders or syndromes that are less well known? Not like Schizophrenia or Tourettes, both already are well-known BUT has a lot of myths and misinformations, I meant disorders that are not so well-known to the point that they are almost non-existent or just fictional. There must be, if so I also want an interview about it. It would be great to learn more about different disorders and syndromes that minor people have and they don't get enough attention for it.
When Jorge talked about Etika I got so sad 😞 such a shame to lose such a wonderful person in the world
I love your Channel
great insight. interviewing people with unusual conditions is really effective in understanding their condition. really like this type of content. nice series AnthonyP real nice.
This is a true story there was a time were me and my mate Roy sitting in the front room when out of no where a voice said horror no one was with us it must be a demon we both Heard it dose that mean we both have schizophrenia can someone help
The empathy you have is beautiful. Thank you Anthony.
Jorge sounds like he has DID more than schizophrenia
Me who had psychosis since I was 8 watching this: Me too man me too :)))
All these people are incredibly inspiring
I would honestly be very interested in you interviewing MAPs (minor attracted people) and other sexual attraction disorders.
i like how normally he doesn't bring up what someone else said just to make them feel like it's about them and only them so they're comfortable
M
wow great topic.  tq for educating us  !
Anthony has come SO FAR with this show. I love seeing how much he's grown since smosh
My bf has schizophrenia so this video was helpful what's he's seeing and what's he going through these people are very strong to express there emotions
when she said she hallucinates spiders- i
Bro omg this shii is scary
I don’t have schizophrenia but schizoeffective disorder bipolar type. I’ve only had two periods of psychosis so far though. Having mania with psychosis is even more frightening.
just a small suggestion... add trigger warnings when common fears are mentioned, like the clowns and spiders
Just sitting here realizing why I've been referred to a psychiatrist
i have so much respect for these guests. this was a very informative video, thank you for giving a voice to this community.
I actually just wrote a book about people's experiences with psychosis. It is basically an anthology filled with stories from people with psychosis. As a Schizophrenic person myself I love seeing more representation. If anyone is interested it is called Define Crazy. It'll be out on Book Baby in two weeks.
Hey I'm Schizophrenic too. Thanks for this.
Cecilia Mcgough is such a doll
I have a friend with Schizophrenia and watching this really helped understand the mental processes of people suffering from this. Wonderful episode and an awesome series
Thanks for your videos, it's important to talk about mental health this way, not judging people
14:43  personal timestamp
I'm following kody on tiktok
I spent a day with a second world war concentration camp survivor
I would really like to see him do a video on GAD / Anxiety Attack disorder because every one was born with anxiety regular anxiety a lot of people believe it don’t exist I didn’t get diagnosed with it until I was 16 even after that when I would tell people about it because I had to they would be like oh yea I have that too. Ok then when I would pass out they would be freaked out.
These videos help but fuck they hurt
People aren’t crazy for having hallucinations. I mistake noises in movies or tv for my mom calling for me to do something and sometimes my room has nothing but white noise and the same thing happens. People take drugs to induce visual and auditory hallucinations and or distortions. It’s a chemical thing or genetic thing that affects people. Having schizophrenia is like having aids meaning it’s something that you have for the rest of your life but can be treated so that patients can live happy fulfilling lives even though they have some type of disorder. Obviously I’m generalizing one aspect and am in no way saying schizophrenia and aids are similar
Legit feel like most of the auditory hallucinations schizophrenic people hear are anxieties verbalized by a perceived personality that is also obviously a hallucination to outside people. Like when the guy gave an example of a tree saying I’m gonna fall on your and kill you was likely an extremely subconscious anxiety that most people wouldn’t even register but amped up by a chemical imbalance
Dear People With Paranoia Just remember      *your not alone*
my cousin had schizophrenia. He was just 24 when he shot him self in the head. Most people with it don't try to hurt others but with him he pulled a knife on his dad the day he killed himself to get him to leave him alone but he really wasn't trying to hurt him it was the voices in his head. My grandma had to get over there and once she did he started to dig the knife in his arm. He started running out of the house and stole his dads car. A few days later they found him dead a few blocks away with a gun in his hand.  R.I.P Steve
Thank you for this and other videos, that are so empathetic and educational. We need to talk about mental health more
I spent a day with people with executive dysfunction
these people are so brave and strong!!  I know if i had schizophrenia i would hate every part of my life you guys are awesome!
All humans have delusions or diluted in someway
This was intense. :( Mental health is so important. Im glad this topic is out in the internet to help spread awareness. Thank you for doing this.
Schizophrenia’s a lot more terrifying than I previously thought
kody da king
When he said "your feelings are always true". Bruh.
He should do depersonalization/derealization
I would like you to make a vedio on ' I spent a day people with ocd'
Post Malone looks like Kody's  doppleganger.
Thank you for talking about this. It's a subject that is highly misunderstood.
just started watching your I spent a day by myself series and just wanted to say a huge thank you and congratulations. It is so inspiring to see you giving people of all different backgrounds, ages, and experiences a platform to put their reality on the table and show us. We all need to learn from these videos and treat more people with kindness, you never know what someone is masking. Love you Anthony, thank you.
Etika deserved better
a warning right before showing the simulations would be very very nice. i had the same problem with a different video and had a trigger attack lol this one i was able to catch in a split second because of the spike, but please consider if you’re going to put simulations in your videos of certain illnesses, a short trigger warning (: i wanna enjoy the video without having to take a long break, and i’m sure others do as well ✨
My uncle is a paranoid schizophrenic! My family never told us as kids, so it was terrifying to see someone talking to themselves. Honesty though he's actually a really nice guy that just happens to be out of touch with reality! I hope they're able to find the right medications to help them!
As a person who has schizoaffective disorder i hands down appreciate this video!  In my high school days my friends called me “psycho’” or “sick” or “crazy” till this day that word sticks. More awareness around this illness is needed and the stigma needs to be ended!!  Please we are not psychos with straight jackets and we are more likely to do harm to ourselves than anyone else period!   Lets end the stigma!!💚💚  And to those who are beautifully minded and who accept everyone regardless of their mental illness i just want to say thank you 🙏🏽
Wow that's crazy thank you for teaching me about schizophrenia
Whats the song?!!
Jorge, I'm crying with you. Thank you for saying what you did
As a person with paranoid schizophrenia, I would like to say this absolutely warms my heart. I always thought I was such a weird person who would never fit in with the world but I thank people like Anthony who actually try to understand others and how they deal with their disorders, past, and themselves in general but never judge, only get interested more.
my dad is schizophrenic + i plan to study psychology when im older (im 13 rn) so this is really cool :)
I’m so sorry that they have to go through that, and I’m glad Anthony is so understanding with all his guests.
Ive been using the phone trick for years now and its really useful!
CODYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MYYYY MANNNNNNNNNN😎😎😎😎
Aww the guy with the red phones made me tear up. I couldn't imagine going through this. They are so strong 😢😊🥰
MISTER BLOB MAN?!?! stop why did ur parents play u like that that’s scarier than the original like maybe he wouldn’t be a clown if ur parents didn’t call him mr blob man bro 🥲  anyways brains are incredible and all these people seem super nice, sad that it’s so poorly taught about, it must be terrifying not to have the tools that come with diagnosis, especially so young
Your like a doctor Anthony
My respect for Anthony has increased📈 through these types of videos
One of the reason why I keep watching Anthony's videos. Besides having the same zodiac sign (Virgo), I feel like I see some parts of myself on him as well. It somewhat feels a tiny bit weird actually seeing someone almost similar to you mentally and personality wise but it mostly feels really good to know that someone similar like you exist. He is actually someone I could talk to all day everyday. I'm lazy at talking when the topic is only going to a predictable route. Unfortunately, I live in the opposite side of the world. It's rare to meet someone you're eager to talk to and be with all day and share similarities with. Also talking about topics that are not many people openly talk about with an open mind.
RIP ETIKA
As someone with schizophrenia, i never see or hear anyone else with it talk so openly aboit it besides horror
YESSSSSS!!!! DONATE 👏 TO  👏 THE  👏 TREVOR  👏 PROJECT 👏
these videos are so important!! love it. people really need to be educated on stuff like this, because we don't learn about most of these topics in school.
These people are so strong, i really hope society can start talking about mental health more.  Aww man when etika was talked about i cried. Rest in peace etika😔😔😔
This guy just listens i love him
I'd love a spend a day with anorexics
Wonde rif twhir done drugs
I hear, feel and see things regularly but I did have something happen to me when I was younger.  Unnatural, paranormal stuff.  So I am not certain that what I hear and feel is part of a mental issue.  Especially considering how supportive and reassuring that the voices are.
Thank you for your work <3
Only 20 million people in the world have it? Did I understand correctly?
You could do one about survivors of emotional or verbal abuse
Anthony you ask the dumbest questions i swear to god. Like when you asked 3 times in a row "you had to like imagine yourself being executed right?" To death row exonerees
My hullucinatoin are talking cartoon characters
It's really interesting that the brain can make up an entire person, simulate the visual/auditory actions of that person, and then get into a conversation with itself, while simulating the dialogue between the real person and the fake person, all without the conscious side of the brain knowing
*this channel should be viewed by everyone to spread the awareness of understanding the individuality and indifferences in humans from human to human, without biased, judgemental, thoughts, but only love and acceptance.*
I would love to see a joke episode called: I spend a day with the gays
I used to get spider hallucinations all the time. 😬
Gran video, es cierto debería haber información más masiva en los colegios
I always had the perception that people with schizophrenia are like shaking unstable terrified of everything people but these three people seem very sociable and not like that at all so this really helped me understand that I was not seeing this correctly.
OH SHIT KODY! I love his podcast.
Can you do one with people who have dermotagraphism
Jorge if you are reading this we completely believe you (and the people who SAY they dont just like to start trouble -they arent worth your time-) And you have a right to feel and speak your emotions
You should do  eating disorders and include anorexia, bulimia, and ARFID
I have a lot of undiagnosed issues and do have auditory hallucinations and have never known why
God bless!  Believe in your heart and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is our Lord and Savior and died on a cross for our sins so we can live again in Heaven where there is no pain or suffering!  God is our Father and Creator and raised His Son Jesus from the dead!  Confess and repent of your sins and God will freely forgive you!  Trust in God and live for Jesus as He died for you! 💕 (don’t swear or take God’s name in vein)🥰
Getting a mental illness like shozifrina is one of my biggest fears since one of my gramaws had it and my moms bi polar btw i know i spelt it wrong
Hi
WOW... I just came here from kody's tiktok channel (schizophrenichippie ).  I can't get enough of listening to him.  I can't wait to watch your vids Anthony!
I'm watching this because my girlfriend is diagnosed with Schizophrenia and I would love to understand more so I can be more helpful to them.
I have a friend from high-school who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and he also thought he could read minds. He also said that he had convinced Satan to give up hell. Unfortunately, some of his friends would enable his drug habit which only exacerbated his condition.
How about I spent a day with people who believe the earth is flat.
I have psychosis but I don't really suffer from hallucinations- I can only count on one hand how many times I've hallucinated. 😅
I cant stop crying, ive been thinking about the extreme symptoms ive had since 9yrs old and even more once i turned 13. Its really scary and hard. I needed this.
The validation from jorge has me crying, even my mentally ill friends make fun or minimize my mental health. It feels safer to tell my doctor about experiences.
My roommate and on of my  closest friends of 6 years  has Schizophrenia I've seen his worst moments and even after seeing those we're still friends Schizophrenics are pretty awesome people!
I've had to remind myself it's okay to cry only just started going to therapy the past week for some of my issues watching these videos are so positive reminds me I can keep going
i would love to be in an  i spent a day with people with adhd because I do have adhd
This and the other video about did helped me so much to better understand the difference of these two mental illnesses, keep up the good work, they all seemed pretty comfortable with the interviews👏🏻
KODY
I hate when I think I hear someone calling my name and no ones doing it, so I can't imagine how terrifying that would be to feel like that on a bigger scale so often
Oh my god I had the same thing happen to me that the one guy said about how he thought his life wasn’t real it was just a dream state and the only way to get back to his real life was to end his life, I still kind of believe that to a sense it just depends on the day. Some days I feel more real than others. It’s pretty crazy
Please consider doing an episode on fibromyalgia! Aka me/cfs. I suffer from it and I would love to spread awareness about this "invisible disease"
I’ve had a few loved ones with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders and I just want to say thank you so much!
I have schizophrenia but my experience was that I was seeing things more than actually hearing voices or such things,it was very traumatizing Bc I thought someone was going to hurt my brother or someone corrupting my brother with like demons and devilish music I think it’s still crazy Bc everything felt like a reality part of my reality it’s kinda hard to differentiate between what’s real and what’s not
Ok im 14, i will sometimes have auditory and visual hallucinations, but also, i have a voice thats actully in my head outside of mine, so i have 2 and theyll habe convesations, ive seen shadow people, a burnt faceless figure, ive heard birds chirping, knocking, i head a voice outside go, "WOAH BATMAN IS SO RIPPED" idk what i have or what im starting to show signs of, but both my grandpa and dad had it  Edit* but i didnt start to hear a 2nd voice outside of my own in my head until, i started having panic attacks, because of my social anxeity and deppresion, thats when it seemd like someone formed inside my brain
It would be cool to do one about social anxiety and how it's different from being shy/being an introvert/being "antisocial"
When he was crying i screamed: "DONT CRY OR ELSE I WILL TOO!" ;-;
When the voices part where you put voices in the headphones I said fuck that shit and took off my headset
I would love to see "I spent a day with people with bipolar disorder"
please do bipolar next, so important that youre doing this and showing that we are not killers
The one with people looking on the clown must be so scary. Imagine your hallucinations become more realistic
I am born in Ethiopia Addis Ababa
I love how he breaks through the ceiling all nonchalant like😂
It's like when you're falling asleep and you start to hallucinate but you have to deal with that every day 24/7..
I’m really glad Anthony made this episode. I go to rock shows often (I live in a country that has CoVid relatively under control) and there’s a regular attendee i see every now and then who is schizophrenic, but because where we live is really behind on mental health, he’s clearly not getting the help he needs and he’s pretty ostracized by the other fans as well. I’ve never quite understood schizophrenia, but I do have a mental disorder of my own (OCD) and it always makes me feel like shit to see how this other guy is treated and not really understanding what he’s going through or why he does the things he does. Especially since I know what it’s like to have your reality fucked with and to have the larger masses misunderstand and make a caricature out of your illness.   The guests in this episode made it easier for me to understand how the mind of someone with schizophrenia works and how I can better interact with this individual in the future.
i really need to be tested for schizophrenia because i have bad hallucinations and delusions and it makes me feel like every time i see a shadow that looks like a hallucination i see i have to say “hello mr. man” or i think i’ll die. i also get so terrified that the things i see will kill me and often times i get confused and i don’t believe i’m truly here in the world sometimes.
I saw Cecilia back in the day in a SBSK video, it's so nice to see her again talking so openly about her life experience!
The more I watch of these, the more I become convinced it's one of the most important shows on the platform. A great way to extend our understanding of others and empathy! Great job!
I love your videos
Jorge, you’re so strong! What you said really touched me.
I love how he basically like asks their pronouns at the beginning of every video haha. He is so sweet.
You should spend a day with people with Bipolar disorder. I have manic Bipolar depression and it has a very tough stigma as well.
I would like to experince the world without any barriers, the way others see the world without any clouds of delusions or any dissociation. Just for a day. It's so rare to feel normal that when I realize I'm in my body and can fully interact and feel the world around me it feels strange and I almost don't trust it.
This was the most informative “I spent a day with” it’s so ignorant of me but I had no idea people with schizophrenia were so normal. In every other area of my life I’ve always recognized that other mental illness’s don’t define them but with schizophrenia I always thought they were just unable to live an average “normal” life. I feel ashamed for thinking the way I did but I totally think these videos are so important!
people greatly underestimate the problems mental health causes and I think schizophrenia is a good example I have extreme social anxiety and if I had the choice I would easily get my arm taken off in order to no longer have the problem
My uncle has it. When i was a kid i didnt understand and i thought it was weird bc he acted so strange. Then i understood it wasn’t his fault
I feel so bad when Jorge(african-american guy i don't remember) started to cry because he has to go through this and people are making assumptions off of the media. This video informed me about schizophrenia and its very helpful to people who have only seen people with this disorder portrayed as violent, crazy, or having negative stigma surrounding it which isn't true/
I'm really glad Anthony makes videos like this. Although I can't relate to them, it really opens my eyes and shows a different side to these types of things.
"Right at your fingertits" 🤣
An interesting thing I’ve learned about this condition is that a lot of people mentally stop aging, so you stay at that age for the rest of your life
plss do a conversation with suicide survivors or working with suicide dispatch hotline
What the heck the girl almost has the same story as a girl from a channel called sbsk
I'd love to see 'I spent a day with people w/ eating disorders.'
imagine 'I spent a day with psychopaths/ people with anti-social personality disorder' that would be so interesting!
I have had visual hallucinations from slight lack of sleep and auditory hallucinations while falling asleep/waking up like a man’s voice in my ear or my alarm going off. They’re already unpleasant as it is and I can’t imagine how much it really sucks to deal with that all the time but on a larger scale.
Hey Anthony can you do a video on learning disabilities/neurodivergent/ADHD in kids in adults. I'm 15 and i'm sufering with both a learning disability and adhd. i hope You will read this and think about it or considering it for a video idea so peo. sorry if they're are any spelling errors. :P ps. i really like your videos, thanks. Also I'm in a school in canada so i can improve in my spelling and reading... and your 1 of my fav youtubers.
Cacilia! I love your ted talk so glad to see you in this interview!!
i avoided this video for a while now, but i finally decided to watch it. the reason why is because since i was little i have had schizophrenia and later developed into schizoaffective depressive due to really traumatic events. schizophrenia is genetic in my family. i struggled with it all my life and have had several psychotic breaks and meltdowns along with visual and auditory hallucinations. i’m 17 and have been receiving medication for around a year now that works so well for me, and i have never felt this good before in my life. however, i don’t feel comfortable with that side of me, and i still somewhat shun it away out of shame and embarrassment. none of my friends know about my disorder, and the few times i have told friends in the past, they just brushed it off and invalidated my struggles. i know people won’t take me seriously if i tell them about my disorder, and i won’t be seen as a person anymore. it is so disheartening. so many people don’t think those with schizophrenia can lead full healthy lives, they just think we’re a bunch of rabid lunatics that belong in an asylum. i’ve noticed that mental illnesses such as anxiety and depression have been receiving much awareness, and i hope that soon disorders like schizophrenia, BPD, and others become accepted and get to have that large platform of awareness that other mental illnesses get.
More of my family has schizophrenia than went to college and I think I might but it would be very mild but there. You know? Not trying to self diagnose but...
People get scared. Okay. I am (anxious one) feel not scared at all in a group of people with mental issues and disorders. "Normal" people with their ignorance are much scarier to be around you know. I can't trust a person who neglects information and then terrified by a simple panic attack. I can't imagine living life without your brain or body throwing some shitty surprise at you once in a while. It's good to see people by Anthony, but honestly, the fact most "normal" people get freaked out by us is such an ignorance and privilege shit.
I'm torn. I think it's important that the experiences that people with mental disorders have gets more into the mainstream and that we can get rid of the stigmas. But this guy is insincere as hell. He loves his own reactions (which are often completely unnecessary and cringy). I wish I could like this, but ugh.
In medicine, we are taught that many signs of schizophrenia do not show up until mid to late twenties, but it's misconceptualized that children can be displaying these signs. It's not often that medical professionals realize what is happening in a child displaying these symptoms and treat them. I feel that if routine testing is done on children, we can spot these sorts of issues and treat them.
I feel sorry that they feel like they have to hide it because of the stigma ☹️
schizophrenia is common in my dads part of the family so he told us that if we ever see anything weird like that, that its not real and to tell him so he can take us to a doctor : D  Story: my dad said that back in Mexico he knew a lady the would see her dead husband, he would tell her things like "you look pretty today", "your hair looks nice", ect. she never got treated for it cause she was happy and he never told her mean things : ) so yea "everyone has different experiences" : D
Plss make a vid i spent a day with a psychopath
Can anybody perhaps answer my question about schizophrenia? I really want to know if somebody would be able to tell if it's a burglar in their house or think that theyre hallucinating? Just straight up curious
oh shit why do I relate with the guy with the long hair oh shit oh fuck
You should do "I spent a day with suicide survivors"
This channel is such a great thing for so many communities. Great job, Anthony
I'm not sure if you've done this yet, but as one who has PTSD I would love to see one where you sit down with people (who are obviously willing/OK) and talk about it.
I'm twelve years old and I know I shouldn't really be watching this but I actually think I have this I always see like shadows and I get really bad paranoia and I don't know if I have it I'm kinda scared tho I hope I don't and I'm sorry to all the people that have I'm not self diagnosing my self but yh I hope it's all just me being phycological as usual!!!
......this made me question if i have schizophrenia or not, i thought i was just insane, with the auditory stuff and extreme paranoia....its research time
I had an episode after being in quarantine and immediately going back into society, working. It shocked me and I didn’t sleep for 2 days. When I laid down my body locked and creatures came in, people came in and talked to me. I could hear feel and see them. I sweated so much. I can’t believe the things our minds can bring us. I went to the doctor that same morning out of fear meanwhile my job threatened that I couldn’t miss work over my psychosis. Ugh I’m scared of it
Mr beast in thumbnail?
These deep dive series are great! Admire your work!
I'm curious about what they said about the audible hallucinations. Sometimes for me I can get a sound stuck in my head that can be pleasant (such as rain or chimes) and they stick in my mind maybe for days at a time at the longest. Other times the sounds like Velcro sound constant in my ear even though that sound is not really happening. For me that sound that I don't want to trigger in my brain gets so loud that it becomes unbearable, would that be considered an audible hallucinations or something else. I am diagnosed with OCD and ADHD so any answers or leads would be appreciated
These videos really make me feel hopeful and inspired.... please keep doing this Anthony...
Anthony needs his own tv show forreal
“I spent the day with ED survivors” -Bulimia, anorexia, binge ED. bringing attention to the extremely misleading stereotype that someone struggling with any of these have a specific size. I suffered years with anorexia and bulimia but wasn’t taken as seriously because i wasn’t ‘skin and bone’.   we need to bring awareness to RELAPSE also!!!!! relapse is often the breaking point for people and it needs to be talked about 💕
My parents always start to freak out when I mention or talk about schizophrenia. I do not know think they are informed about the effect on the person, and what they have to deal with. Since the media paints them in a bad way. And yes. Some can be that way. But a ton of these people are misunderstood
Do “ i spent a day with depression, bipolar 1 and 2  and other mental illnesses “
I would love to see "I spent a day with Maladaptive Day Dreamers" as I constantly deal with this mental health issue, it would be nice to see how other people cope with it.
The girl's voice is soo calming even talking about spiders... Absolute love.
with the insulin crisis going on with americas for profit healthcare system i would love to see a “i spent a day with type 1 diabetics”
I knew someone who could see and talk to ghosts/spirits - is this a form or ‘level’ of schizophrenia or is this considered different..?
I want to see people that loved with sibling that had extreme mental illness I can do that easy
for anyone that’s interested, cecilia was interviewed by special books for special kids a few years ago about her schizophrenia & it’s a very enlightening interview!!
Oh my gosh, my brother personally knows Cecilia! I forget how they met but they’re friends. Before I clicked I was thinking, would have been cool if Anthony interviewed her and then she popped up on screen. She has a lot of great talks about Schizophrenia and I’ve learned a lot since my brother told me about her work.
I first want to say Thank You for this, normalizing neurodivergence in an amazing way. For possible intersection (correct me if you've already done them) 1.) People living with an autistic spectrum neurodivergence. 2.) People living with complex trauma and the many variances that it manifests. And you are bringing a lot of amazing people to the table to discuss their life from a non stigmatized way, it is amazing.
That’s so scary 😭😭😭😭😭
Do you only interview people who have popular social media pages?
borderline personality disorder danny please. it’s extremely stigmatized. ppl see us as monsters. according to google it’s the most painful mental illness. some doctors refuse to treat us because they don’t want to deal with us because of the stigma. as many as 75-80% of people with bpd attempt suicide (often multiple times) and 10% succeed.
The reason people are scared of people who have schizophrenia is because of the scary movies. Where the killer was a killer because the voices told them too. Also the girl who killed her kids to save them from the devil, that was just someone who needed heavy meds and her husband let her stop taking them
My friend from freshman year had  schizophrenia, and I had this asshole boyfriend who would pretend to be interested and hed ask her what she was seeing and hed go "you see him too?!" And watch her freak out.. yeah I left him
I think an ADHD episode would be good
Me realising I most likely have schizophrenia
My grandma and uncle both have schizophrenia and I just wanted to educate myself more on the topic to understand them more thank you Anthony for the amazing videos......
The ludicrous cook methodically water because pantry minimally clip alongside a shut author. quixotic, political meal
I have a question and was wondering if anyone has an answer. Do you ever hallucinate (seeing or hearing) people you know?
This is so sad that people have to deal with this imagine someone breaks into your house and you dont know if its a houlistnation or not
Thanks dude for doing this.  I have psychosis and have had it for several years now, and I relate deeply to all of the people you interviewed.  Thanks also for being empathetic and quick to listen and loving to these individuals, it is a peaceful reminder that I don't have to constantly think of myself as 'untouchable' because others wouldn't understand.  God bless you.
I want a video on ADHD
I got stab in my dream
I heae voice
maybe power of legion is somehow invented by the idea of how schizophrenia works   also i think Jorge was seeing someone while giving the interview
I love you've done this video. I work with adults with severe schizophrenia, they are the nicest people I've ever met, they're just vulnerable. It saddens me that people still think negatively about people who experience this, my family were worried about me beginning my job but it has allowed me to educate them that schizophrenia isn't what media and films show it to be.
when that dude was talking about how he used his phone to see that he was hallucinating sounds like a really cool concept for a movie
The only auditory hallucinations I’ve ever had are people I know really well saying or yelling my name. It’s kinda weird.
Talking for people is just  Why it’s just        No           don’t   Also idk if I have it but I do see things (like tall figures and floating skulls )
“I’m gonna fall on you and I’m going to kill you.” -Giant tree
My big brother has Schizophrenia and he deals with a lot of delusions. He tried to end his life a few weeks ago but luckily he survived. I really want to be there for him but I could really use some help on how to do that cause I don’t really know🥺
This shit is a fucking nightmare ....
To people with schizophrenia reading the comments: do you think you can stop having espisodes? I really want to know because my mom had a mental breakdown 8 years ago. She would act strange, hear voices that werent there, obsess over someone going to hurt her and so.. it went on for a couple of weeks. Nobody diagnosed her of anything, but they seem something like schizophrenia symptoms. She didnt get any treatment but those episodes havent come back since. I want to know how much should i be worried that they could come back?
19:20 broke my heart, I just wanna give him a hug
I had no idea saying "psycho" is offensive to people with Schizophrenia damn 💔
who is that pig named Bob that is next to me
jesus christ I can't even imagine what it is to hallucinate a boogeyman as a 5y/o... damn...
My dad has schizophrenia and he tried to hide it from me when I was younger, but he doesn't talk much so I still didn't know much about it after he told me. Thanks for making this
I really love how considerate Anthony is. I love this series because of that.
Was one of the people Sive?
Woaw i am really apreciative for this video, i learned a lot. I absolutly agree that there should be more early education to help diagnose earlier :(
I’m on an Anthony binge 👍🏻
Anyone else have such a vivid imagination when they were younger they would have complete conversations with their imaginary friends that their parents got them tested for schizophrenia? 😂😂😂😂😂
I’ve just recently started seeing faceless people and demon-like figures as well...the guy with the long hair and beard really helps me feel like I’m not alone
That’s pretty cool so the shadowy man is like her son who is now transformed into a clown.
THERE'S A NEW MOVIE OUT CALLED WORDS ON BATHROOM WALLS WITH GOOD REP ON PPL WITH SCHIZOPHRENIA WOOOO YEAH YEAAH WOOO <3
I had a huge outbreak of schizophrenia a few years ago; no one told me and I was absolutely scared out of my mind. I couldn’t sleep for weeks because of it. I really appreciate it that this is being discussed.
Just treat them like everyone else cause they are. Simple
And sometimes you can have beautiful haluanation
My big sister has this mental illness i feel for this
My grandma had schizophrenia. She raised me. And she was beautiful. I miss her, and I'm lucky to have had her. Or I would have ended up growing up in the system.
Both my grandfather and uncle have schizophrenia, it's so sad to see them suffering. thank you for making this video to educate people more.
Where’s Twomad?
Also...thank you for sharing your actual experiences and feelings. It's so hard. Thank you.
Have you done Bipolar type 2? I have that and I would love to see it talked about or to talk about it. Great video as normal.
We appreciate you sharing your stories with us and to everyone struggling with schizophrenia keep ur head up u got this ur human and you’re so so important love you all u got rhis
I’m surprised how natural these people act, cuz i have dealed with schizophrenic people in my family, and unfortunately, they all talk and move a little robotic because of the meds 😔 Very strong meds.
I don’t think I have schizophrenia, but I have heard things and felt things that weren’t really there. Like feeling spiders I couldn’t see, or hearing whispers In my ears.
Crazy theory. What if Schizophrenic people just see and hear what's already there
In the thumbnail i could swear that was post malone
I have undifferentiated schizophrenia and Jorge reminds me A LOT about myself just before I was diagnosed
Ben Sasse
I spent a day with people with anxiety disorders
I have undifferentiated schizophrenia and I often feel like the world is only inside me. I can't differentiate between thoughts, voices, feelings, hallucinations, sounds etc. I used to self harm in order to "let the voices out".  Some periods are better than others. Around me, some people are chill, some pull back, and some treat me like I'm 5. They mean well, but it just makes me feel even less normal and it strengthens my delusions.
Sad that its not recommended by YouTube
It’s amazing to see these people in better point of view then what our media and entertainment industry make them seem like, they make it seem like they’re not able to live normal lives but in reality they’re making the most for themselves and are proving this corrupt POV wrong and I hope they’re proud of themselves.  Another one that would be amazing to see would be I spent a day with a person with bipolar disorder. It’s a much more extensive mental illness then most people know, it goes much deeper than just being moody
My teacher and family think i may have schizophrenia
Please display the pronouns of all guest trans or cis. Keep up the good work
My mother has SCHIZOPHRENIA and this video really helped me understand what she goes through and what i might have to go through as well
Can you do I spent a day with people with adhd/add?
As a person with hallucinations and auto hallucinations. I feel them. You all are loved. I have a lot of mental issues. But we all deserve love and someone to talk to.
j
being a 14 yea old girl wanting to be interviewed cause it may be fun and not scary-
can you do one with people that have anxiety or depression?
My brother had this. He was amazing and loving and caring. He died cause of wrong meds not by schizophrenia. Thanks for making this Anthony. I really appreciate it
Sleep paralysis is hella scary so I could understand what schizophrenia must be like💀
As an indigenous creator I'd really really like to see you sit down with indigenous creators. Especially since we are often discredited and pushed aside
Why can't this be a netflix show documentary. I spent a day with people series
My grandmother has schizophrenia and she’s been through a lot, this video has really helped me understand her situation better
I’d love to see a day with people who have PTSD!
can you please do an episode on people with MISOPHONIA?! and interview MEEEEE! ^_^ it's one of my most commented-on videos and WE NEED MORE AWARENESS!!!!!
I would love to see you interview people with bipolar disorder if you haven't already.
from 6:51 -  7:17 what he said hit close...
I would love to see you do people with dyslexia, I have very severe dyslexia and I find most people don’t really understand that I’m not stupid I just see the world differently to them
kody kinda looks like zach from set it off
Uhh u were on mrbeast rewind.... your thoughts?
Is there already an episode on spending a day with ADHD and if not can you do one?
When I took psychology in college in the late 90s my teacher brought in a panel of people with schizophrenia for us to meet and have lunch with so we could humanize the condition. It was so meaningful.
Anthony has such good chemistry with these people, I would love a podcast version of this where you got to hear everyone's story in more detail
Thank you for making this. We suffer a heavy stigma and aren’t dangerous just tortured. It’s difficult to accept but I’m glad there are so many people that are more understanding.
Who needs a therapist when I have people like this to talk to <3
OCD!
m sister has schizophrenia she her self managed to fight it off and realise that she has it thats why she said it b herself when she said it to the doctor he was suprised she actually managed to figure out her self and now she takes pills and she is fine (she was on early stages)
Bipolar!!!
I’ve seen so many people, especially online fake schizophrenia/schizoaffective & it honestly is sad & rude. I’ve suffered with schizophrenia since I was in the 5th grade, & now I’m in 11th, & almost done. I wasn’t diagnosed till just late last year, despite knowing I had it & struggled with it. Sadly I also can’t be medicated for it yet. When people say they wish they were schizophrenic it sucks, schizophrenia isn’t something to romanticize & isn’t fun or cool. It doesn’t make you a badass like a movie or tv show character (not that you cant be a badass & still have it obviously) I remember I had a huge episode where I kept having feelings & voices demanding me to do things or else I’d be stabbed or kidnapped (I still get those to this day; this is just a specific example) It got so bad that to get rid of it I fed into the delusion, which you shouldnt do. To cut the long story short I had gotten metal stuck in my bladder & had to get surgery to remove it. It was my first every surgery at the age of 15. (I’m 16, almost 17 now) Essentially what I’m trying to say is schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder isn’t something that should be romanticized or thought of as cool. It can be a very tough thing to live with. To anyone out there who might have it, or does for sure, know that you are more than your mental disorders, you are more that what your head or others say about you. You & your opinions & experiences are completely valid. You are loved. 💙 :}
is this what it’s like? my mom thinks i’m schizophrenic and taking me to a doctor soon. i don’t have voices or hallucinations but a couple other symptoms makes sense. i’m scared
Schizophrenic people are only thinking in a different dimensional mindset and the government says it’s a disorder when really they have a third eye awakening
i saw this study on people with this disorder and apparently they tested their brain and nothing was wrong with them? now people think that people with schizophrenia can see into other dimensions. there is a visual representation showing how this works on YouTube with a guy holding up a piece of glass and showing something in the sky, but when he puts the glass down, nothing is there.
My dad has paranoid schizophrenia and I really appreciate this video
My mom has it
Do I spend a day with people with OCD. I live with someone with it and I know that what most people think it is, is just being picky and my goodness are they wrong. Yes they can be but it not Just being picky, it's much more than that. It's a disorder after all
I can kinda relate to this. I took some LSD and smoked a joint and had a bad trip. I went into a skitzophrenic state and it was bad. It was extremely scary and I’m still suffering from paranoia and anxiety and insomnia from it. This was almost a year ago. Luckily I don’t hear voices and see shit anymore. (Except a face at night and some shit)
Please do an episode on Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.
Got to say man. These interviews are a big deal. Giving people an opportunity to talk without being patronised. Keep it up and happy new year:)
Thank you so kuch for this upload! <3
Schizophrenia runs in my family, my grandmother was schizophrenic. I’ve heard that by 19 if you don’t show signs then you likely won’t live with schizophrenia, is this true fir everyone? If so I’m safe if not I still need to watch for signs
I haven't had the chance to watch this yet but I'm really looking forward to it! I follow Kody on Tiktok and was so excited to see him in the thumbnail preview!!! Ur the best Anthony.
U should do people with DPDR
Cecilia has come a long long way. She used to not be able to advocate for herself as well and she even looked like a different person. You can see the beginning of her journey online on the SBSK channel. I’m so proud of her. Go girl!
23:02 mikull reeves moment
I think i have it bht i dont have like illusions but i randomly hear voices from my family or my friend calling my name sometimes when they didnt and i just think life is just a drawing and gods are just fast animators i think about that a lot or like when i was going in a different country and i go on the plane im just in the plane and while in the plane their just changing around uus adding buildings ans im in the same place just the background us changed and the world around us takes time so thats why it takes like 8 hours on a plane
I would be terrofied if i halosinated clowns
Great man dude keep this up
Id really like to thank everyone that participated in this. I have always been interested in this subject. You are all very brave for speaking out about this.
Frick I think I might have schizophrenia- I hear voices that sound so real- And i keep feeling random touching on my face- I see hulusonations of a generic woman and a man, but they feel like they're having a conversation, but I just can't hear what they're saying, it sounds like they're plotting to kill me...
The human brain is impressive! Wow! Thanks for the interview.
How do you go the intro? I am and forever will be confused
Intresting
My ant has schizophrenia never seen her have a delusion
Honestly Anthony is one of the best YouTubers I know about of
My uncle is a paranoid schizophrenic who is currently in a facility because he became a danger to others. People with mental health are truly are not offered the treatment that they need. He was denied help until it became too late. It’s amazing to see people living their lives and getting the message and information out there.
Goodness im so jumpy with just my ADHD and anxiety, I couldnt imagine ACTUALLY seeing, hearing and feeling spooky things in my room...
When Jorge started crying I did too
so interesting that jorge described “becoming” different people. almost sounds slightly like DID, of course it’s different but it was just so interesting to hear his hallucinations described like that
good i wish every human sees this so they under stand
This is creeping me out!
You should do an interview with psychologist ad how they their days go
"I spent a day with therapists" would be pretty interesting
I'm scared if I was talking to someone and they weren't their and it was in public.
Ya I think I have this
anthony i wasn't sure about you at first but wow did you change my view. love this channel
My dad has schizophrenia and he was always paranoid and he was seeing things, when I was just a baby he was freaking out and scaring my mom and said that there are helicopters in the air looking for him and people want to hurt him and he started frantically closing the blinds but there was no helicopters at all...and he eventually went crazy and became abusive physically and mentally towards me, my mom, and my siblings. He also became an alcoholic and he had more problems like anxiety, anger issues, and he was bipolar as well as he had ADHD. Imagine having that many mental disorders...
From what I’ve learned as a Christian, these people are being tormented by demons. They’ve even described it multiple times as demonic activity. Also, Kody said that he was told the only way to wake up was to end his life. That is a demon trying to drag you to hell. Please pray to God for healing for these people with schizophrenia. It’s unfortunate that they have to deal with this and we can help with prayer. God bless 🙏🏻
i'd like to see a video on ppl with autism.
can someone please tell me how often it occurs because i’m 13 and i went through like such horrifying situations where i hallucinated but they’re quite far apart and my parents don’t even believe i have anxiety, this isn’t an edgy teenager thing i’ve literally seen a little girl in a dress screaming and i hear the screams around me and it wasn’t just a voice in my head and it is really really messing with my head and it’s so scary
Not schizophrenic, but I have incredible respect for people that suffer from hallucinations. I’ve had occasional auditory hallucinations, and I can’t imagine what it must be like to experience that constantly, or to see things that aren’t there. I was terrified because I heard green sleeves playing in my house no matter where I went. I can’t fathom how they got through what they experienced.
everyone else heard that at 7:36 too, right? was that supposed to be like a stimulation type of thing ?
I'd love to see a video on fibromyalgia, because it's so misunderstood, and so many people don't know enough about it. I'd even be willing to get on and talk about it.
You guys need to stop requesting stuff in the comments. We should use the comment section to talk about the video.
Mediumship or mental illness
I have this razor that I stole from my mom. I don’t remember stealing it but I always remember where I hide it. Sometimes I’ll go grab it without thinking and when I do something will tell me things like if you don’t stab yourself I’ll make you. Or it will say if you don’t go do this I’ll make you slice your wrists. Sometimes I listen and that’s the worst part. One time it made me play a game where I keep stabbing my hand harder and harder until I can feel I go into my hand. I think it’s just me being a stupid teen but I hate doing it because it hurts.
I would love if you would do one about children with autism!!
3:56 to 4:49 bro ifeel you I thought I was the only one ✊🏾💯
I don’t know if you’ve done this already but I’d love you to do a video with non binary people! I am always so educated by these videos and I’d love to learn more!
I’d love to see one with narcoleptics! Since being diagnosed I’ve had so many people in my life assume I just fall over suddenly with no warning. This is not usually how it is for most narcoleptics in my experience. People also don’t know that you’re not just automatically born with narcolepsy and that it can be considered an autoimmune issue that causes narcolepsy. There’s just not a lot of research and not a lot of accurate representation in the media and I’d like for that to change
What’s the intro music?
That happends so much when i say i have voices. They respond with "ahh yeah i hear my voice to in my head xD" yeah that is not the same x'3
My mom got schizophrenia at age 17. I’m turning 17 in 2 months and even tho I know it’s not something genetic, I’m still scared to death that I’m gonna some how develope it
My mom has been schizophrenic for years now and it got so bad that me and my siblings got put in foster care, literally in a fucking different continent( didn’t even knew that was allowed but here I am in europe🤠)So I rarely see my mom or my family
I've never met someone who has schizophrenia, but it's really helpful knowing how to support someone if I ever need to.
My brother has a mental disorder and the doctors haven’t been able to tell if it’s bipolar or schizophrenia and your videos have been helping me understand what both of them are so thank you 🙏 ❤️
Tell Jorge that the Trevor Project called the police on me and outed me as LGBT to my parents
Im watching in the dark and are now paranoid
13:21 That's cool. I've never heard of doing that before.
The fact that I have 60% of chance of having it because of my family
To every interviewee of the series, you guys are very awesome and thank you for sharing how you feel. You guys are very informative by just sharing your experiences, and it really helps because it educates me more of how mental health is superrrr important.
9:52  those spiders actually scared me irl lmao
Did anyone else notice he said right at your fingertits
An episode on maladaptive dreaming .
*John 3:16* *"For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him, will not perish, but have eternal life."*
Visual hallucinations are so scary, I've had them a few times while half awake before and they've all made me feel awful. Like spiders or a severed hand in my bed.
I don't know why but i cried watching this. I fet terribly bad.   P.S.: I do have a question, if they had enough control over it, would they be able to imagine things of their choosing, like pets, plants, anime characters, or people they love?
Petition for an Anthony Padilla show on tv
The girl reminds me of kurenai sensei lol
I have a family member with schizophrenia. And I do agree we need more education around it because when we were kids we just didn’t know what was going on with him :(
I always learn so much with your videos! And you approach this topics with so much respect and empathy. Nice work!! 👏👏💕💕
I just came across your channel and I watched quite a few of your interviews, you are amazingly sensitive and ask great questions. Thank you for the wonderful content!
_Wait since when were the comments made by Einstein_
Loved everyone, Nikola was my favorite though!! Sweet mans!!
''I see my life as a dark comedy, when you see a clown 24/7 you kind of have to.'' lmao respect
I’d love to see a video of “I spent a day with conversion therapy survivors”
Why you stealing sbsk pupils? Jk
These people STILL do witch hunts TO THIS DAY !!! That’s what coppz (naziz) are
I love how empathic these videos make me feel, I really appreciate the fact that I can understand the feelings of people with experiences that might seem unreal to me.
I sometimes hallucinate spiders when my subconscious is stressed, probably because I hate them, but ONLY when I'm half asleep/just woken up out of a dream!
Here's to a better world where we stop demonising people with debilitating mental health disorders, the world is full of pain and suffering as is, thank you for this informative video Anthony and I'm so proud of everyone that was interviewed you're all so brave and I admire that
I think that Kody seems like a really cool dude. I wish him the best.
I recently learned that my grandfather has schizophrenia, and I never knew.  I always thought he was an odd nugget, but now I feel like I understand why.
Oh my god,Cecilia! I remember you from "special books for special kids" channel You look so different now,in a good way,I can see it in your eyes you are happier,so glad to see that ♡
All these interviews helps me know more about things out there... It also makes me wary of things even more... like I don't already.  Also, I kept wanting to like the video through out the video even though I already liked the video. idk. i guess i just have to unlike it to like it again.
I'm curious to know how it will be if they took psychedelic substances
How about doing one about conservatives...then another from the other side...representing true equality
Kody!!!
I have friends with schizophrenia and sometimes its scary being near them bc im young and i wanna help but idk how to make the bad ppl go away when they are getting hurt
The media has definitely traditionally portrayed people with schizophrenia to be killers. Especially those with paranoid schizophrenia. It’s really sad.  I know a man with paranoid schizophrenia and he’s one of the most lighthearted lovely people I know. He makes me feel more positive. I feel sad thinking about how people misjudge him if they hear about his diagnosis without getting to know him.
Would be interesting to hear from a parent with schizophrenia!!! and also about people who live with people that have schizophrenia because that’s also where it gets interesting.
I had deja vu about this video
The voices they put in the background triggered a aniexty attack for me
10:28 right at your finger tits lmao 😂
I wonder how people with schizophrenia and paranoia disorders interact with each other. I have a severe paranoia disorder as well as dissociation, so if I was told someone is there that isn't, or someone was staring at something that's not there, that would set me off so badly
Clowns, little girls with knives & spiders.. that’s all the scariest things possible and she has to deal with it all... I feel so awful for that woman (and the rest of them) but holy shit
my mum is scyzophrenic ;-;
I could feel that guy with the red headphones. 🥺🥺 I wish so the best for him! You will do good mate
The throwing hands with a demon segment was hilarious. I never thought of it that way. Makes complete sense.
I am paranoid but I'm glad I don't have,... I forgot what it's called
Can you maybe do a video spending a day with poeple woth trichotillmania  I know its not intressting but im curious
He should do Nb people I think that would help alot with some people
Schizophrenic here, I'm very glad that Anthony is so respectful and open minded when he talks to people. I cant watch the video, because I dont want to be triggered, but I listened to it
Weird never done I spend a day with someone with ADHD
I’d like to see people with adhd or anxiety .)
Not me crying right now that i might have schizophrenia. Because the long haired man, when he said those things,those symptoms (?) I have that. All of that. But the.visual hallucination are not that strong. Hxjusjdjdiejdjehd i really wanted to see a psychiatrist right now. Im really scared for my life and family. Jfjrifsjjssbxnjendjwid im worried about myself and family jcjdejskdjje
bwah cecelia so pretty :D  So schizophrenia sounds a lot like what happens to me when I have sleep paralysis...but when they are fully awake and able to move which sounds so scary and annoying.
Excellent video.
Should've gotten twomad on
Kody seems so familiar too me. Idk why. Just his voice, his face. I don’t think it’s from TikTok. 🤔
These people are actually very mentally strong. Their solutions to overcome was not only very insightful to me, but I thought was 'brilliant'. "not validating your illusions by pointing out where it is to people", and the phone trick, I found was so smart. People's struggles often sparks so much strength, and they transform their perceived "weakness" into incredible strengths and skills.
Funny, I actually have this....
That story with Etika gets me every time...mental health needs to be talked more about, and not just depression and anxiety.
next a “i spent the day with North Korean defectors” plssssssss
So basically overthinkers
8:42 that, sounds terrifying. you dont know whats real or fake, especially the ones who have had it since childhood.
My best friend thought music was playing from a radio that was tuned off, and was without power. He could sing along, and he was the one taking out the power thing.
Anyone else crap themself when they started hearing voices when the youtube videos played? I'm listening while I'm working and didn't see that coming.
Ok so when I'm consentrating on things sometimes I see black things move in the corner of my eye and makes me feel unsafe, is that like something wierd or???
Please spend a day with people who have bipolar disorder
I wonder if hes ever gonna do i spent  a day with murderes.
I wanna know when they accepted that it was schizophrenia and not reality...
Woah. I can see why schizophrenia has paranoia with it as well. That would freak me out. I just got Over my fear of OUR BACKYARD.
Thank you all for making this and for opening up on social media, it helps so many people.  I want to help my brother, he has Schizophrenia, and we have tried to get him to take meds and go to therapy, but relapses over and over again.  I live half a country away from him and I miss him so much and want to see him move forward in a positive way.  I worry about him and pray I can get myself in a position to bring him out here and help him.
BrO- when I was a kid (4-10ish) I used to think anything was a killer monster, clothes on the floor? Alligators tryna bite yo toes. The end of the bed? Nah can’t put toes there either there’s millions of spiders swarmin under there- etc. Nighttime in particular would get so bad that I had to have someone to walk around a house I had memorized every corner of (if I went alone if I got panicked enough I would legit say “help me help” because It felt as tho a monster was about to engulf me) or sleeping, but a lot of the times I still thought/saw those things- wanna know the best part about it?? MYyY PaRenT hAsS ShiZoPhrEniA ProPerLy DiAgnOsaD AnN mEdIcaTedD- AnN ThEy DiDnY tHinK anYthjNgG waS SUS-
I’m terrified of the possibility of being diagnosed with schizophrenia. It runs in my family and I’m genuinely scared of the people I might envision like the clown for example. I really don’t want to know what my mind can possibly come up with.
Slade the sloth... always in our hearts
My mother has schizophrenia, and usually when people meet her they call her crazy or weird. People with schizophrenia aren't crazy or weird, they just see the world differently then people who don't have schizophrenia. My mother is perfectly normal to me, she's just like any other person in my life.
is it me or that guest Jorge sounds like Sive?
This is scary. Hearing voices and seeing things. Sounds like a living nightmare. Strong people. I thought schizophrenia only happened due to past trauma. Very informative video.
wow.. this episode is so.. i cant even explain in words. my aunt was on the edge of a schizophrenic break. she constantly believed that my mom and our family were teaming up w/ her ex boyfriends to do something to her. i was only in middle school back then, so i didnt fully understand what was going on.. but it was still heartbreaking. i saw this person who i admired and loved since i was a kid slowly lose her personality, her happiness. she stopped smiling and would constantly be paranoid. my grandma made a VERY controversial decision and sent her to rehab for two years... without her consent (she did it in the phillipines thats why she had full control over her). after talking with my aunt once she came back, my mom, and the people surrounding my aunt.. i started to realize the stigma against people w/ schizophrenia. a month after my aunt came back, i was sent to the psych ward (for personal reasons i will not discuss). there i met someone who was either schizophrenic and didn't know it, or was and was trying to deny it. she wasnt this "crazy, loud, violent" person.. she was just like me. obviously in a really bad mindset and a really bad environment. im glad u made this video to help the de-stigmatization of schizophrenia and just mental health overall. thank you anthony :)
Anthony you are doing great with this series. It has really opened my eyes to things and issues others are dealing with that I misunderstood or didn’t know. Thank you soooooo much for caring to educate other about misunderstandings and bringing the truth out. ❤️🙏🏻
Ohh I’m soo proud of them for sharing their difficult experiences.
Could we do one on depression....?
Not the best thumbnail
If you ever want to spend a day with someone who is young and dying; let me know.
Everything that woman said happens to me in my sleep paralysis and kinda more
I'd love to see one on bipolar disorder! I was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder and theres so much stigma and myths about it!
do I have it because I always hear footsteps when me and my brother or along but my brother doesn’t here them
I appreciate your videos! Please do one on somatoform disorders if you can! I've struggled with it for years and would love to know how it is for others.
I think I have this because I see all of these
10:41 why did u do that :( I got so scared I was wearing head phones and threw them on the from omg my heart is racing so hard rn (;´༎ຶٹ༎ຶ`)
Bro...if I saw something, like a CLOwN ppl can’t SEE no no no no No no I would close my eyes and turn if my nerves I’m so scared of clowns
I would love to see an episode where you spend a day with people who are bipolar
my brothers got super bad schizophrenia and i didn’t know how i would feel about it. but it was very educational. so thank you
If this hasn’t been done already I’d love to see you do a video on survivors of childhood abuse, survivors of narcissistic abuse, and things of that nature. I feel like it’d open the doors for some much needed discussions.
I love this series. Its so educational
Great video but as someone with Bipolar, I would love to see a video about it. :)
I wonder why most hallucinations are negative? They want them to kill themselves and they are demons and scary clowns. Why can't you have a little dogo that talks and helps you?
These videos make me feel like disabilities are interesting and I like to learn more
Can you do a video on ocd and bipolar disorder?I have both and people misuse those words and throw them around like nothing but when someone like me or anyone else talks about the illness and how it really is all of a sudden we're crazy and insane people get all judgmental and 'oh don't talk to her shes a nut' it upsets me
I was raised in a way to where I believed that someone with schizophrenia is crazy and I always thought that they couldn’t be normal. I’m glad you made this video because it showed me that people with this disorder can still live a fulfilling life and they aren’t crazy. I’m glad I got to learn more about this because now I know that my thoughts were wrong and schizophrenia doesn’t define someone
Jody has a tiktok
Another great episode in this series, Anthony!  I know this was one of the more serious topics and you covered a lot, but did they get free shirts?  I’ve grown so used to seeing the happy reactions from your guests!😁
I love the awareness that is being brought to this. I was actually falsely diagnosed with schizophrenia (it was actually PTSD) when I was 12 or 13. Apparently, misdiagnosis isn't very uncommon with this disorder.
i wonder if they hallucinate during sex
oh shit kody
i appreciate that anthony tries to genuinely understand what these people go through. these videos are so educational and i really think that everybody should watch them
The accurate comma regretfully snore because camera hypothetically delight towards a entertaining magic. sweltering, equable spear
cody reminds me of post malone
I want to see a brain scan of these peoples brain vs. a "healthy" brain ALSO HOW DID THEY COPE WITH CORONA?? like even the "healthy" mind even feels like this whole "corona" thing is unbelievable at first
Completely unrelated but omg plz someone tell me how I can get the music playing in background? Like at 0:55
Am I the only one whose ever had a mosquito buzz in the ear during sleep and and all of a sudden the mosquito literally starts talking?
Rip Etika..... I miss u so much
I do not have schizophrenia but I am autistic and I can relate to people underestimating you because of your disorder. I feel for these people, you are valid.
Just curious about my developing mental state.   I occasionally will think I hear my parents arguing late at night but in reality they’re both asleep. My parents do argue a lot especially late at night but sometimes I hear them when then they’re not. Could these be developing symptoms. Idk.
I have a friend with schizophrenia, and we had a sleepover and she had just taken her nighttime meds so her hallucinations were being wonky but we were still joking around and having such a giggle fest and she was pointing at me while making a joke then pointed beside me on each side and said “and you guys too” and we both just died laughing
Do blind
I had been putting off making an appointment to talk to a psychiatrist, I paused this video in the middle and just made the appointment.
You should do one about OCD
My cousin has schizophrenia :( I feel bad because now we never see him Idk why
I would love a video with people who have bipolar disorder.
I understand them completely. My severe anxiety, panic disorder and hyperventilation syndrome is scary.
I think I Have schizophrenia because I heard a clown noise and bang and felt like somethinlike a bat hit me and I saw a clown like twice
I think this series is so informative and these types of things should definitely be discussed more often! Thanks to everyone who has the bravery to speak up and educate!
This channel is so important 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
ive always questioned if ive had schizophrenia but because i dont have auditory hallucinations ive thought its probably not true. ive always hallucinated spiders on me but i passed it off as paranoia but i probably should look into it more
My Mom has really bad Schizophrenia but videos like this help me to learn and understand Schizophrenia even more so thank you Anthony.
Hats off to the host Anthony...he does a great job of interviewing these people so empathetically...keep up the good work my man...
I would love to see one of these on ADHD, I don’t see it talked about a lot
Beautiful. What a dignified interview 👏.
My name jeff
I would love to see “ I spent a day with Narcissists“
need one for people with personality disorders, especially borderline personality disorder. they are very misunderstood, even amongst the mental health community.
Just realised I've been binging this content for weeks without being subbed, fixed that, damn.
Would love love love to see spending s day w bipolar people and I’d live to be able to contribute
For years one of my friends thought she had this but she found out she had special abilities to connect to the spiritual side and I truly believe her I do believe this disease is a real thing and people have it but I do believe some people mistake there special abilities for this condition.
Woowww this was one of my favorite episodes ! So so so interesting!
You are loved and worthy of care!!! 💕💕💕
How do you tell if you have schizophrenia? Also can schizophrenia be like paranoia and if so how do you tell it IS schizophrenia and not paranoia without a doctor? And can schizophrenia be nice to have if you have good hallucinations like what he was talking about like people to talk with like when your lonely?
Please do a video on conversion therapy survivors!
one of my favorites.. I've been to a mental health facility before for myself, but saw a lot of people with schizophrenia and never knew much about it. but doing research isn't the same as hearing someones life story and actual events.  also very proud and happy for him for speaking about ftika.
" I spent a day with therapists" Would like to hear their thoughts as well
I think you should one for SOCIOPATHS. I think they are really misinterpted and people dont really know alot about them since they often confuse them with psychos.
<3<3<3 all
<3<3<3 all
don’t know why i always choose to watch these at 5am.... but here i am.... again
Can you do a video where you sit down with people who have ptsd because I have it and some people really don’t understand it and just think it flash backs
are all hallucinations and delusions scary?
I remember seeing the beautiful young lady featured on Special Books by Special Kids a couple of years ago. She seems like she has grown so much as a person. She is using her experience to help normalize these disorders and help people with similar issues to cope with them and thrive in their daily lives. These people are truly warriors who push through struggles that none of us could even imagine
Please talk to teens with epilepsy... I am a teen with epilepsy I would talk to you about what I feel and what I've gone through
POV: You have Schizophrenia and your in a coma and the life your living right now is just an imagination
You are doing an amazing job.
I learned about schizophrenia though criminal minds....    So   Ya     I-i guess
I remember when I told my friend I have schizophrenia, he said "maybe what you're seeing/hearing/feeling/smelling IS reality and we just don't know it's reality." Let's just say, I had a VERY rough time.
has Anthony done an interview with those with autism?
Omg, I know Cecilia from SBSK! I didnt even recognize her at first! SHE IS GLOOOOOWINNNG ❤️
Spend a day with sociopaths
I love seeing Kody getting more recognition! He was one of the first people i followed on TikTok haha
The irritating hot informally melt because raft weekly hand round a accurate justice. vagabond, legal gray
I'd love you to spend a day with vampires, werewolves, and other ppl who believe to be something like that
Also , I am so glad, that Schizophrenia has been renamed to a spectrum, since that is more accurate to what its really like, from learning  more about mental health and issues some may experiance
This should be seen by more people, since over all , very few people with Schizophrenia are dangerous and violent, they need our empathy and support , not our judgment. Our governments need to fund more communities and projects that focus on Schizophrenia and mental health overall. Mental health should not be swept under the rug, but understood and supported in all ways possible, if someone comes to you, and is comfortable enough to open up to you about their mental health, its best to listen and do what you can to support them, the best way I feel , is ask them how you can help them  in the moment
I can't even imagine what it must be like, to have to go through this on a daily basis. My heart goes out to though who struggle with these sort of things, also for those who don't know Kody is on TikTok, and should go follow him
I love this, good job Anthony.
Thank you so much anthony for doing these educating and informative interviews! I'm very interested in psychology and i learn so much in these videos 💖 keep going ✨
one of my closest friends has schizophrenia, so I think it's very neat to learn more about it.
I used to have this.. Like I would think that “Real people” was controlling me and I had hallucinations of ice cream...fr tho I still sort of have it.
It's not a mental health condition - but I'd love to see an episode about epilepsy. It's such a misunderstood illness! People just think of flashing lights and loosing consciousness, but there's so many different types of seizures and it affects us all differently. Plus proper education about epilepsy could literally save lives!
Do I spent a day with real life vampires
If I’m correct, I remember Cecilia from SBSK. She looks great and healthy in this video! That hair cut is really doing it for her!! :))
Heads up! There are visuals of clowns and spiders in this video!
I love these videos because it really gives us a better idea of what things like this are really like
GOsh
Can you do ADHD please?
I discovered your channel about a week back, through the faceless youtuber video and love the series.  i love the fact it feels so educational and its a great way to spend time during quarentine. have you ever thought about turning this into a podcast?
Pleaseee, put subtitles on this one, I really want to show this to my mother, bc we really enjoy your content, but she only speaks spanish so It's hard:((((((
you should do interviews with people with Hyperthymesia, aka people who remember everything that happens to that
My best friend has schizophrenia and he told me a story of how he did a drug and it heightened his delusions and he started seeing pencils in the sky and so I talked to him and told him the pencils can't get to him because they're now trapped in a snowglowb and it made him feel better and now we sorta just joke about it and laugh at it because although he has schizophrenia, he still took a mind altering drug which didn't help his delusion. and he is ok about us joking about it and laughing because he looks back and thinks it's funny as well.
I have a strange feeling that I am schizophrenic, it started a week ago when it was mid night and I kept on seeing a figure in the door way for about 3 days, then it was around 8pm at night and I went to walk to my room and I look down the hallway and I see bobbing black things around the wall. Then about 5 days into it I started hearing voices that like what they said it doesn’t sound like it’s in your head and now I am here today still feeling uneasy
I suffer with severe panic attacks. But a lot of people don't understand what it's like to live with panic attacks every day. Although i definitely do not  have schizophrenia  i understand how everyone has different ways of thinking. I think its amazing that you're trying  to raise awareness for Mental Health.
Wow I learnt so so much watching this, as I always do watching your videos! Thankyou so much to everyone who comes on the videos, you are all so brave and are really educating so many people. Also Anthony it amazes me every time how kind and sincere you are with your guests, you truly are awesome 👏🏼
Can you do an episode about anorexia? I struggle from it
I have schizophrenia and psychosis and these people are hella spot on and intelligent.
Gosh Etika part hit me hard : ( I didnt watch him much but it's always sad. He clearly had something rough going on and he needed help. World failed him.
I've heard so many people with schizophrenia seeing spiders and clowns. I wonder why's that. Because those are popular fears? Hmm
I would love to see "I spent a day with people with bipolar disorder." My disorder is stigmatized and often confused with Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD).
Having a member of my family that has schizophrenia it really helps me to understand more about the illness. This is a really bad mental illness to live with and i think more People need to be educated about it.
Omg the part where just suddenly appears a "schizophrenia simulation" should have a trigger warning, i almost had a panic/anxiety attack (I'm not sure, im not medically diagnosed with anything, but it was just a terrible thing)
Recently lost a friend to schizophrenia to suicide. I wish their parents acknowledged their disorder and maybe they would still be here.
Does having hallucinations of scary demon looking things in your closets and have hallucinations of something trying to grab you and kill you and scared of darkness make you have this disorder bc every night I have those happen to me even during day time...
Can you do one that's on Schizoid Personality Disorder? I have it and I never see any representation about it.
all of your experiences are valid. Schizophrenia is easily one of the most stigmatized mental health disorders, along with DID and psychotic disorders. Happy to learn about the variety of symptoms and hallucinations people may have.
the most interesting thing about schizophrenia (and i have just started the video so I don't know if Anthony addresses this) is that sociocentricity, individualism, and collectivism greatly affected symptoms and for sufferers where family was more important they interpreted auditory hallucinations as ancestors giving them guidance as opposed to negative voices commanding them towards misdeeds which occurred in more individualistic societies. edit: he just stuck to people from NA, which is fine, but it is interesting that other cultures treat this condition differently.
My dad has severe schidzophrenia. Never took his medications not even once in his life
Thank you so much for this. I’m being treated for psychosis, but I’m planning on getting tested for schizophrenia as I believe that’s what it is. It’s so demonized and to see people like you bring light to it and allow others to realize that people with this diagnosis aren’t dangerous is amazing. Thank you!
Omg my grandpa a year or two ago died by this.. Am sad watching this but it seems interesting
My aunt has schizophrenia thank you for the awareness.
thanks for this video,, wouldve loved to have seen more people on the spectrum and hear their experiences as well
Help Sans is Default Dancing in the dark corner of my room HELP
you should do one on bipolar disorder
I love this. As someone with DPDR, hearing their experiences are very similar and it’s nice to hear something close to what I go through. I know it’s not the same, but it’s as close to DPDR than you can get. A lot of the things these three are talking about are things that I experience 24/7 (dissociation/depersonalization/derealization), and it’s cool to see others like that on such a big platform.
PLZ DO I spent a day with satanic worshipers!!!!!
My uncle has schizophrenia so i appreciate this. It is hard to understand this mental illness sometimes. Wonderful episode!
11:58 my arachnophobia:👁👄👁
I spend a day with an ex foster child.  I'd be willing to interview. Was in 20+ foster homes and 1 broken adoption.
I know ecaxtly how people in my place would "help" people with schizophrenia "it's not real, just ignore it, it's that simple"
18:07 - that's not paranoia, that's truth :v unfortunatelly. People will always say that, no matter what you do, no matter what you talk about, even if you go online to say "water is wet'
I can already start to imagine how it is to live with it in my environment "Hi, my name is X" "Delusion!" "So, I was parking my car yesterday at‒" "Delusion!" "You won't believe how rude this person was to m‒" "Hallucination!"
11:15 - he can or he can't?
anthony why didn’t you make the title “i spent the day with people who have schizophrenia”?
Anthony is the best
Exersisum is the proper rout add anti parasite medicen. It just brain bug usly. It can be brain damage and radiation aslo a theory.
My dad had schizophrenia, but none of us knew because it was dormant until he was in his 50s. He heard music that wasn't there, he thought bugs were climbing on him. I know that it's possible that I also have dormant schizophrenia, and I'm worried about it being triggered out. But this video is a comfort
i want everyone watching this video. you are so loved and i'm so proud of u for being here ❤️❤️❤️ take care of urself u deserve it!!
This whole thing is just hoghting my anxiety and I dont even have skitsophrania
I one had a hallucination that a candle was bunny my sister got worried 🤠
when i was 7 i saw a faceless man with spider legs in the woods i dont know if it was just my imagination or if i have schizophrenia i did recently think a statue of a chicken was moving but i could have just been tired idk what to do
PEOPLE WHO CAME BACK FROM THE DEAD NEXT PLEASE
We need “I spent a day with transgender people.”
I HAVE THAT OMG
Please do one on trichotillomania. I have it. It's not fun.
If you know a teacher or a principal please send them these videos he's doing on mental health. Itd be amazing if they could introduce these topics/videos into schools. This should be discussed in health classes all over the globe
Why is twomad not in this video
I learned a new thing today about schizophrenia and how they are not all violent.
I was wondering why I recognized Cecilia's voice, then the clip from her TED Talk was shown I was able to realize!!!
I would love for you to do one on bipolar disorder, a lot of people get misdiagnosed when having this (myself included), and I’m so curious to see others experiences
Jorge might have DID too. I got the warning sign from him talking about being different people
Basically... schizophrenia is when you have to deal with EXTERNAL entities, while DID is when you have to deal with INTERNAL entities. The first, other people/things bug you, the other you have other sides of you that have a life of their own and influence you. They look like quite opposite, more than likely. I don't know how people can mix them up......  That said, HANG IN THERE, GUYS! We are cheering for you.
Realizing Schizophrenia is VERY different from psychic senses
I always used to see black figures of people stand by my door or walk past the hallway, and I would also see a lot of mice climbing on the dining room hanging light and they would fall on the table. The scariest one I ever saw was a very tall black male figure standing at the foot of my grandmother's bed when I spent the night over there. It was a nightmare.
this got me all emotional.😭❤
You should've put an archnophobic warning in the vid. 😃 I 👏 almost 👏yeeted 👏 my 👏 phone. 👏
Is it normal to like... Hear shit once every few months or once a month? Like I sleep enough n shit but wtf?
I watched Cecilia's ted talk about a year or half ago and that was the first time I really learnt details about schizophrenia. Would recommend watching.
interview people with borderline personality disorder? helpithinkigotthis on tiktok would be rlly cool to see u interview her
It's incredible, frightening and sad how lots of people with a mental disorder, when facing it the first times, actually think the are possessed.  I think we all should be educated to understand these disorders, how they works and how we can contribute to help people with them feel safe and better.
They are all so brave and amazing, thank you for sharing your stories with us
just found out my grandma had schizophrenia and its supposed to come every other generation so let’s see how it goes :)
I feel for these wonderful people. I don't have Schizophrenia but I have experienced Psychosis and it's scary. So I can sympathize with them a bit.
*that sloth is still there*
must have been absolutely terrifying when we went through that phase where clowns went around chasing people with knives
Do you think you’d ever be interested in interviewing people with ADD/ADHD?   I know a lot of people have it and it’s not really stigmatized or controversial, but a lot of people also think it’s just “oh they have crackhead energy” or just a issue with focusing when it actually has a lot of side affects no one ever talks about such as: -rejection sensitive dysphoria -object permanence issues  -memory loss -executive dysfunction  -mood swings  Like for example, sometimes I’ll forget to talk to people if I don’t see them everyday. I’ll even forget to talk to people I’m dating because of the object permanence issue.  Or with the rejection sensitive dysphoria someone will say to me “hey It’s no big deal but it kinda hurt when you said xyz” which is something that’s healthy and normal, but my brain immediately jumps to “oh my god I’m a terrible person why would I think it was okay to say that to them I’m the worst person on this planet, I don’t deserve to live”   I didn’t mean to ramble, but growing up I didn’t know a lot of the things I did were from my ADD, and I spent a big chunk of my teenage years thinking I was a terrible person because “if I cared I wouldn’t do those things” I think it’d be really helpful for people to know it’s more than just not being able to focus, especially for younger people with ADD because despite being diagnosed when I was 12 NO ONE warned me about these things, not even my doctors!
My uncle has schizophrenia and because of that he has of course his ups and downs, that’s why I haven’t seen him in two years😭
I would love to hear interview with Christians (:
that hallucination trigger warning is no joke. my anxiety just shot through the roof.   ps: i don't have schizophrenia, i just have anxiety, so y'all aren't confused
I wonder if maybe it’s possible to expand on this in another part? I once learned that the presentation of schizophrenia symptoms is vastly different in other cultures and often their hallucinations aren’t malicious or bad the way we often see in the west and I’m so curious about that. Perhaps that’s untrue, but I’d like to know more! Thank you so much for giving these folks another platform to teach us! I think the most important thing when experiencing this is a support system but what could greatly improve lives is understanding and empathy even if you’ve never been personally impacted. Everybody deserves to feel safe and respected even if their experiences are hard to comprehend.
My orchestra teacher said that the violin section was being way too quiet during a concert and he said “you guys sounded schizophrenic” wort thing I’ve ever heard a teacher say
You know trying to go to sleep and see pennywise in the corner in my room.   It’s normal
I really hope you cover women with adhd soon. It displays itself so different in females and is so often overlooked leading to intense depression later in life.
Diruqyah aja cuk biar sembuh
I absolutely love Anthony's videos; thank you for taking the time to re-humanize the victims of disorders who have been called dangerous or freaks by the media 💕 Keep up the good work, you are an incredible person.
All fun and games ( Not Really ) until you start having hallucinations of that stupid SCP 939 dog
Its not just me but like when i see you see a spider or think about a spider or think about anything you feel like its there say i think about a spider my leg iches up my leg and if i think about someone following me i think im getting touched on my shoulder
Is this video real or did I just not take my schizophrenia meds
My sister has it and this really helped understand her better 💓
People with trichotillomania! I’ve suffered form this for years and it’s so misunderstood:(
Can we do an interview with people who have ADD? (It’s more different to ADHD than you think). My life was greatly impacted by ADD. I would really be interested in hearing other people’s stories! Also it not I wildly spoken subject either, whenever I mention it, very few teachers understand what it is, and I’ve only met a couple students who know about it. I am very open with my learning disorder, and I try to make is a known topic. As I got a little older, into my grade 9-10 (14-15 years old in New Zealand) a lot more people knew about it. I just wish that these people where able to guide me when I was younger. Can we try get this to the top so Anthony see’s this? Love you all <3
Is it me or the person on the front looks like mr beast but not that rich
Please do interview with people who remember their past life
Jorge and everyone, thank you for sharing your experience, i feel like i know more about schizophrenia! Thank you and you are all awesome and beautiful people.
It sounds like jorge has some kind of D.I.D.   EDIT: I'm sorry I probably butchered that name
I’ve grown up with 4 family members living with schizophrenia.  Dealt with every possible type and have my little brother that does very well handling it now.  But when it started when he was 21, it threw us all for a loop.  With so many types already around us daily, including my mother, my little brother hit me strangely for some reason.  He wasn’t on medication in the beginning and was it was difficult to know how to deal with him.  My mother and other family members all had homes where people took care of them.  My little brother was living with his girlfriend who just became pregnant when he broke.  I had to have therapy myself because I started to become afraid of dealing with the bad things he had going on and worried about myself and something happening to me.  I hated those years of my life.  Today, my brother knows what’s happening and how to take care of himself.  He lives alone now when years ago, he couldn’t be left alone without him going out and doing something that risked his life.  I felt like I was always waiting for that call.  Schizophrenia was a torment to me because it kept me afraid all the time.  Today, with the help of therapy, I’m better too.  It was strange being around so many schizophrenic people in my life for ax far back as I can remember.  Starting with my mother as a child and ending with the baby brother.
Do you have a video of spend the day with empaths?
PSA: don’t do drugs kids. Or at the very least be safe. The second time I ever had mushrooms was a bad time where I legitimately believed I was being possessed and had died. I have had a couple episodes of (I suppose PTSD) that came close with some of theses descriptions, namely the paranoia and perception of being able to read minds. Seems a lot funnier in hindsight but it’s scary going through that perception of being in a time loop. Drugs can do great things in the field of medicine but you just have to be careful.
I saw cecelia's ted talk. She is amazing
Low key would kill myself if I saw what she saw. I’m horrified of clowns, and very much of that one!
honestly i find it amazing how positive they are being going through this
What if schizophrenics could see into different realities?! Hmmmm
If you ever hear someone saying they think many people are following them, ask them to go to the hospital cuz they can help them leave you/them alone
I once had a friend who was schizophrenic and he is one of the kindest people I know. I always enjoyed talking to him :)
Did you do one of these on epilepsy? If not you should BC it’s actually a pretty misunderstood condition
I really admire all of the people who came on this video and opened up about their experiences. I learned so much more about Schizophrenia today thanks to them. And spreading the truth about it is so important. ❤️
Hi! Can you please do a video on people who work with mentally handicapped kids? There’s a stigma that it’s all sunshine and rainbows when it is actually quite the opposite. We love the kids very much, but sometimes they don’t love us and that’s okay. We try our hardest to make them comfortable while still teaching them and helping them grow. There are also people in this industry that are just in it for the money and a light needs to be shined on this issue. I’ve seen some people do some awful things but are very manipulative and get away with it. It’s unfair to the kids. So though this itself isn’t a disorder, it is shining a light on disorders while also bringing awareness to the fact that not everyone has the right intentions. Thank you and I love your videos!
R.I.P. Ethica
I spent a day with flat earthers would be great 😂
This is the third time I hear Cecilia talk, I like her a lot, she's strong. And wen Nikola almost cryed talking about Etika I almost cryed to, it was strange, felt like emotions moving together in the same time. This grade of empathy is really a rare thing for me...
Do a video with people with panic disorder!
These are spiritual issues because no one knows what causes it, or how to cure it. They know what makes it worse or triggers it, like stress, anxiety, fear, but no one knows how it actually forms.
I honestly love this series so so much! It’s no joke that people are really learning from your videos! And I also need to credit the way you make them. You make them interesting and informative all the while being respectful and understanding. Tysm for these videos!!
THANK YOU! Thank you so much for posting this video, I really needed to see it. I have been diagnosed with schizophrenia, but I didn't believe the psychiatrist who diagnosed me. I thought that my experience was different than everyone else's. I thought I had something else. This gave me a lot of clarity and I know why my experience with schizophrenia is different than others..
I dated a man who had auditory hallucinations and delusions. Half the time I would forget that he was schizophrenic, because he dealt with it so well. Watching these people speak make me realize how much more he was probably dealing with than what I saw.
I have a really active imagination, always had.  When I was younger  and at a time in my life when I felt lost I started experiencing derealization and exploded my imagination to the max, to the point where  would hear people when I was half asleep. I was depressed and started living in my head. I must've been acting really different because  I remember  the school psychologist calling me to her office and warning me, telling me that if I didn't change my behavior I could develop schizophrenia and I was terrified.  that moment grounded me a lot. but now I realize how wrong that was. I decided to shut my imagination for a while and abandon the things  had created in my head. Years later I'm not fearful anymore. I still experience a lot of derealization and live in my head, but it feels a lot better because I'm at a better place.
waaiit what... i swear i've seen this video before 0_0
I have bad auditory hallucinations when i'm a bit stressed or alone for too long. I can grasp just a tiny bit of what they feel, but I can't even imagine how it must be.
So they’re Jedi’s
It's so sad, it feels like living in a real horror movie
My Mom has schizophrenia she is now medicated and no longer has the auditory hallucinations she once had, but unfortunately she still believes in her memories of them and does not acknowledge her condition. Her paranoia still makes her very sensitive with interacting with others but at least she is now able to live a somewhat normal life were she is able to care for herself. It's a great thing these people were able to acknowledge their condition to improve their life. I wish the best to them and their families.
Kody is awesome, love his tiktok
I have schizophrenia its very scary and difficult
Thanks I needed this  I've seen animals that normally walk on 4 legs walking on 2 that I can only describe as animatronics since before FNAF was a thing, so seeing Freddie and all just made these hallucinations worse
*IT'S TIKTOK SCHIZOPHRENIA JESUS*
day 27 of wondering if my hallucinations are valid
I'm getting scared watching this because I'm genuinely scared of clowns and the video keeps cutting to clips of clowns
The doctors think that my niece has schizophrenia because of stuff thats happened (I’d prefer to to share them because it’s a personal thing to her immediate family) but, since she’s 9, I think? They said they can’t diagnose her, not until she’s 18
Ok, I know I don't have schizophrenia and I'm not just trying to be "quirky" or trying to "fit in" to a category because it's different, but when the man  with the long hair was talking about hearing sounds I got kind of freaked out. Often I hear many voices yelling but I cant depict words, they're just yelling. I don't know if something is wrong with me and now I'm a bit scared. The voices always sound like older men and It usually happens when I'm sleepy. Does anyone else experience this?
love the eric andre reference
I have not been diagnosed so in no way am I saying I have Schizophrenia. I'm just here to talk about my experiences.  I've had hallucinations my entire life, auditory and visual. It started when I was about 5, I'd have conversations with trees, rocks, inanimate objects like jackets and pencils. Stuff would just talk to me. I'd see and hear creatures and I identified them as fairies/dragons/elementals since I didn't know what else to call them. But as I got older things got really dark and scary after the age of 10, I started seeing/hearing people, monsters, shadows, and animals that weren't there. I couldn't sleep because these monsters and shadow people would keep me up or wake me up. They would say things like they wanted to eat me or take me away from my family and reach out and start grabbing at me. Or they'd tell me that everyone I loved was going to die a horrible painful death, or that the world was going to end in my life time. Or how no one loved me or would miss me if I died. I started having sleep paralysis and night terrors at this time too. In my mid teens, between 15-17 in particular, I went through what I like to call the gore phase. One hallucination in particular was just blood vision, everything would be covered in blood, and I mean everything. Me, my friends, and the walls and floors (kinda like that scene from "War of the Wars"). I'd hear the blood dripping down and flowing from inside things. The creatures I'd see would be mangled and missing limbs, writhing on the ground or hanging from the walls and ceilings. On tame days, there'd be no blood but severed body parts in certain places, like when at lunch there'd just be a hand on the table or a severed leg propped up against a wall (there were never any heads though, which I'm thankful for). I would also see a herd of giant red butterfly's in the sky in the morning while going to school. Also, during this time period I didn't know if I was asleep or awake, I've always been a person with extremely vivid dreams so nothing felt real and I couldn't tell what was hallucinations, reality, or if I was just dreaming. I would constantly mistake voices from people actually talking to me which made a lot of weird situations. There were times I didn't know who I was or who other people were and I was just scared of everything and I didn't trust my surroundings. On the flip side, I have a group of voices who I call my sisters, they are very helpful and comforting. These particular voices helped me get through my depression and suicidal tendencies and were my main emotional support system, they are still with me to this day. I also have a little animal companion, a little blue bird who sits on my shoulder and sings and talks to me. One of my "imaginary friends" from child hood is still with me as well even though I can no longer see them I can hear them and know where they are in the room.    Living with these experiences is something that I've gotten so use to that it is normal, I have a much better grasp of reality now as an adult. I have a better time identifying what is and isn't real after years of finding cooping mechanisms and understanding triggers that cause these extreme episodes of hallucinations.
maybe i have squizofrenia, its just a pensamiento (sorry i dont know how say in englis), i dont know what to do...
My mom has schizophrenia and it was caused due to sever head trauma when she was a baby where her and my grandmother were in a car accident it was so severe that I was taken away as a child which caused trauma to me and of course my mother loves me but just truly was unfit to handle a toddler this much being said people tend to take advantage of her and even to the point of robing and violence since she doesn’t have control sometimes of the things she says these people who have this mental capacity are PEOPLE! We need to treat them with respect the world they live in can be really scary and we should understand not judge
I suspect that my gradmother has schizophrenia, she has multiple of the symtoms (hearing and talking to voices, delusion etc.). She refuses to get help because she says that she will then be labled as "crazy". I see how she struggles and really want to help.. Any suggestions?
The fact that they can hallucinate people to the point where they cannot tell weither they are real or not is frightening
Thank you for that story😊I am schizophrenia owner. I live with it about 2 years, so I'm still learning. Therapy and studying helps me alot but there are still things for doctors to learn and there are fragile things need to be treated respectfully to keep the remission more stable and keep people working on their health.
I really appreciate these people so much in their bravery to speak about their lives. They are so incredible for being so open and helping make steps towards a safer future for all of the people who struggle with their own personal demons.  That part about Etika really broke me. I think about Etika on a day to day basis. My brother has bipolar disorder and has gone through some very heavy manic episodes that have been quite scary. And when I saw Etika go through his mania, that was utterly heartbreaking. His final video haunts me to this day, because the depression that hits after a manic episode is so intense. I'd argue they are more scary than the manic episode itself. I'm glad it was brought up though, because I really do not want Etika to ever be forgotten. The way he was convinced nobody was going to remember him, or care .. he couldn't have been more wrong.
I suffer from extreme social anxiety & generalized anxiety and often I feel like what I'm living isn't reality and that I'm actually somewhere else right now acting as if I was here. A lot of times this thought slips into my mind and tells me that the only way to get back to my reality, my actual life is to end this life. This alone makes me feel hopeless and crazy, but to know that some people suffer from that on top of many other things is really amazing. Like, these people are so strong for pushing through despite all of these things happening to them, I'm really amazed and proud.
My uncle and my brother both suffer from schizophrenia. Thank you for this.
I would love to see an episode about narcolepsy. I am diagnosed with it myself but it is barly represented and most people don't even know it exists. Especially cataplexy would be the most interesting I think :)
It's been a little over a year since I've been diagnosed with schizophrenia and I really appreciate how your not judging anyone and listen and always have a calm voice😭😭💚💚When ever I would tell some one I'm schizophrenic they would be afraid of me,when really all I wanted was someone to help me,understand me and help me through it.
I'm not sure if you've done this one but could you do people with d.i.d? Dissociate identity disorder..
Anthony is honestly a really amazing person the way he try’s to empathize with them is so genuine of him he’s a great role model I also wanna say thank you for all the volunteers that come out educate us  it’s really interesting and informative
The brain can do scary things. 😔
Duuude that jorge guy does not just have schizophrenia he definitely has DID as well
can you do a video about bipolar disorder? there's a lot of misconceptions about it, especially about bipolar 2 disorder and people thinking it can't have the same life-ruining consequences bipolar 1 has -- cuz they're both just as debilitating, and even cyclothymia. i think this is something a lot of people would relate to and could get educated about thoroughly, as everyone seems to just think bipolar is super fast mood swings!
Gosh I feel for the hat guy.  I had desrealization because of my anxiety and it feels so much like that. I hate it so much because I feel like nothing around me is real. I feel like I am in a comma or in a dream and I need to wake up. Doesn't help that the more I think about my future is worse. You suddenly start realizing that you are alive, that you sleep, you breath, you eat, you speak, you think about the things you say before saying it in a matter of seconds. What happened 2 seconds ago is now the past and that the present is short. That when you grow up you'll have a house, you'll work, you'll have a routine, you'll have a lover, you'll have children, you'll bring live to this earth. Not only that, but I also start realizing that there's other people around me, are they real? How do they see stuff? How do they live? How do they think? How do they experience life? They've  had sex, they eat, they sleep, they breath. And when all of these thoughts combine your breathing will stop knowing that one day you'll die. My breathing stops for a second and when I feel alive I feel wrong! I feel wrong when I'm alive and I used to cry because I wanted to get out of this state. Like a desperation. The thing about desrealization is that its caused by massive levels of anxiety, like a defense mechanism, but it'll bring you more anxiety because you're gonna constantly want to get out of it. There is no precise time that someone can tell you when it ends and it freaks me out. This makes me start thinking of: will I forever be like this?, will it feel like a dream whenever I go to new places?. This brings me insomnia sometimes and when I wake up it feels weird. It comes to the point where you want to get out of your own skin. Anyone who had watch JoJo part 5, when Giorno hits Bruno and Bruno sees himself in third person. That's what I sometimes want and what I used to feel like. Its horrible. At least thays the best way I can describe it.  And I thought the same as him, I thought that if i somehow kill myself I will get out of here, but I push thay thought aside. Not only because this is REAL this is REAL LIFE, but also because I dont want to end this life if its real. I love my mom, my family, my friend. I dont want it to end if its real. I also push it aside because I don't want to wait until natural death to know if I am real or not. I want to enjoy this life as much as I can.
“Nightmare, Nightmare, Nightmare” -Eric Andre
Please please please could you do an episode on eating disorders or something about addiction? (Even what it’s like for kids who’s parents have addiction and mental health issues and living with them - feel there’s not enough info on how to deal with this)
I love how he is so non judgmental and is so caring and nice towards these people. I’d love to see more about mental health conditions that are extremely misunderstood like OCD. Love you Anthony ❤️❤️
Thanks for this
Cecilia did a TED talk a while back, which is also a great resource to learn more
If really like to see you spend a day with people who maladaptive daydream
12:10, for how 2020 is going, might as well have giant spiders
This might not work but... What if Anthony did an interview with IBM's Watson? I dunno... I know the series takes a look at people and what they go through but what about an interview with a question-answering computer? I think that would be cool.
That's just amazing !! Those videos help all of us to understend a little bit more a about the way that people with disorders fell and think , I love it !!
WAIT DO I HAVE SCHIZOPHRENIA????????
Honestly, people with schizophrenia are extremely brave. I can not imagine how terrifying it must be to see things (like a f'ing clown) and still try to continue on with your day.
My only criticism is that these are too short! I fall in love with everyone you interview in these "I spent a day..." videos, and I just want to keep sitting with & learning from them. What beautiful souls these 3 are ❤ God bless 'em.
Anthony: BCE me: !!!! YES !!!!
I recognized Cecilia from a ted talk. Love hearing peoples stories and trying to normalize mental illness. <3
Awesome nice job 👍🏿
i would like to see someone who is bipolar.
Kody seemed super kind and cool Definitely followed him on tik tok
That camera thing is so cool.
My mother has schizoaffective disorder. It's so difficult having others talk to me like I'm a child or like I don't know what's happening around me. In elementary school I was thrown multiple times off the stairs while the kids were yelling:"you're a schizophrenic freak! You're dangerous! Go away freak!" And other stuff like that. Everyone thinks my mum is dangerous or a murderer or that I'm like her or that I'm crazy and dangerous. Even my friend's parents don't like it when their kids hangout with me just because of it. I'm so tired getting called all that but in reality my mum us just paranoid about wanting to protect her family and hears voices. She's not dangerous, she's not a murderer. She's a human and so am I.
One with ptsd? Plz
my husband has this......this gave me a lot of insite to  what hes going through
I know she talked about the IT movie but what about the real clowns in 2016.
Can you do people with OCD?
When I was younger at age 13  I had a psychosis. My doctor prescribes me the wrong medication ( at the time she didn’t know I was sensitive to medication), my adolescent life changed completely. At first when I was at the beginning of taking my new meds I felt a strange desire to clean everything I could just to relive the energy I had. I knew I wasn’t feeling like myself!!! I would withdraw from the world more so than usual. I felt scared for myself and others around me, I didn’t feel safe. It got too the point wear a 13 year old girl would cry to her mother to hide all the knives and anything that could cut myself with or others. That when my parents realized I was not in my right mindset. I was already slow to beginning with but it keeps getting worse. Finally I show more and more symptoms. That when I had my first panic attack! My parent know what to do I was rushed to the hospital, while my doctor was on the phone with me! My mother arrived at the hospital intently the nurses see me and I don’t even wait. A body guard comes with us to make sure I’m okay and to protect me from myself. There’s a blank for the rest of this moment. I think it’s due to the panic attacks ( literally feels like you are dying) I remember seeing a needle in my arm with water like liquid pouring into my vains. I felt the pain of the needle and stared at my arm for a few minutes. I see a man barging in with a bunch of medical staff. I swear he was having a heart attack !!!! Then I past out. Then opening my eyes i realized it was not the same hospital mom told me they had to change because the other hospital didn’t have a child’s Psych ward.  I’m up stairs and see that the we arrived at the 5th floor I was scared and happy at the same time best I have never been so confused my whole life! The psychologist ask me many questions and it seem I hear voices I see hallucinations of me hurting people I love and my self and it a female voice that telling me to do those nasty thing I remember my emotions were all over the place I would be angry then sad and then really happy it was so hard to control. I felt like I was never going to get better. Few months past every day they would be sticking a needle twice a day to study me because I was a rear case I was getting better little by little but they didn’t even understand why my mind when off and then just healed after year like if I never had schizophrenia of DPL and high anxiety and mild depression. I felt weak from years I would be so slow and I wouldn’t make many friends. Here one thing positive I became smarter than a lot of people in my class I was getting the grade I could never get before. It like this happened for a reason so that I would believe in myself more and be able to go to college and university and do a career in a music profession. Music did save me I’m proud to be a musician. I figure music block all the insanity I was feeling and took away in a beautiful bliss of happiness. But if I’m going to be completely honestly I think I still am a little schizophrenic but it’s as real as the speaker in the video! I guess it because it was more of a psychosis than having the to deal with this all time. For me it’s little hallucinations and few times a week I hear conversations like in the kitchen even though I know there know one. thanks for the Information. It helped me come out with my story. And I won’t write my whole story because it would be a big chunk of my life so yeah thank you so much and godbless you all and if you don’t believe I wish you positivity and kindness
Cecilia said it’s dangerous for the real world to interact with her hallucinations. I wonder why that is? Can someone explain that to me?
tbh i only reconise kody
As someone with schizophrenia I seriously appreciate how he isn’t judgemental and understands that everyone has different experiences
What a great guy
Thank you for this. While he died when I was young, my grandfather had schizophrenia. My dad and grandmother told me what it was like to live with him and they said it was hard most of the time. My dad grew up in the 60s/70s and mental illness was talked about even less then. I know about one of his deliousions was someone was after my grandma.
Anthony, do a video with people with Aphantasia!
I know you did an episode on people with Autism, but I’m also high functioning Aspergers. I get that its a spectrum, i am autistic (BARELY), but unless I’m joking around, i don’t really like being referred to as “Autistic”, bc it feels like that attaches a stereotype. I dunno, if you ran out of ideas or something, I’m sure there’s people out there who could appreciate that too, to help emphasize that there are different ends of a spectrum. Idk honestly
Please do one about bipolar disorder as well. I love all of the mental health videos you do and I myself have bipolar disorder.
That camera hack is so fascinating.
I like the new version of "the wonderous world of"  It feels missing when it's not there but obviously isnt appropriate for all toopics
I would really like to see a video with North Korea defectors! You could ask to the youtuber Yeonmi park
oh god when she started talking about the shadowy figure i started freaking out bc those are the kind of things that can cause me bad panic attacks bc i have a wild imagination and anxiety
Could you do a video with young people with invisible disabilities? I'm 26 and have psoriatic arthritis, and even though it can occur at any age, I always feel incredibly alone. I'm the only young person at my work who uses the elevator to get to the second floor.
I remember meeting someone I worked with in college she would always apologize for being schizophrenic. Even though she didn't need to because I understood it ♥️☹️☹️
ma gran though she was hitler...o.o  she went to the police station aswell...
YES! Been waiting for this one as someone with schizophrenia :) thank you for letting the words out in the best light and how none judgmental you are ❤️
Is there something that defines when you feel like your life isn’t real or your life is a dream?
Did he say “finger tits”? 10:29
I've had auditory hallucinations right before I've woken up before. It happened when I was really stressed out about my mom's surgery. I'm not schizophrenic but it really freaked me out.
can u do people with derealisation/depersonilation next? 👉🏽👈🏽
When the woman said it's very harmful to a person's psyche when reality is interacting with the hallucinations ....I felt that
I’m studying tourism and I just learned in one of my classes that people who have schizophrenia are legally not allowed to travel on a plane alone, and that they’re obligated by law to tell the airline if they suffer from the disorder (I’m talking about US and CANADA), in case they hallucinate and scare people on the plane or things of that sort. It gave me a wrong perspective.  I’m glad that Anthony did this episode because I got really curious of what is it like for them to live with it or how they act, since I truly had no clue at all.
My aunt has this but I don't know alot about it this helped alot
Only thing that could have made this video better woulda been twomad
Have we got an episode for drug addicts? And psychonauts. Two ends
These videos are exceptional. More mental health and human rights interviews please. These voices need to be heard 🙌
hey anthony, if possible can you please do one with depression, the internet really makes this into some sort of joke or use it to describe just a bad day and it’s really hurtful/offensive towards those who actually deal with it all their life, and it’s hard to differentiate between people who need help or people who use it for attention or use it as an insult, your videos really help educate others and i would be very happy for you to at least try to get people to understand that it’s not a personality trait, it’s not a “rough patch”, it’s real and it’s not something people should just take lightly
they are almlst like living in inception
I want to say this.  I have schizophrenia, very bad. I spent a lot of time scared that my situation was so bad that no one would understand.  I relate to a lot of what is brought up in this video. I literally started crying while watching. This video has helped me so much.   I haven't felt normal in so long. Thank you so much for doing this.
My wife developed schizoaffective disorder in her early 30s and suffered from sensory hallucinations, and also was characterized as having mood disorders like bipolar disorder and depression. I appreciate someone who takes this seriously, because when she developed this, I was the only one who took her seriously. I just wanted to be there for her. Always believe the things people are telling you they feel or see, and be there for them! ❤️
My dad had schizophrenia, it drove him to suicide because he didn't take his meds properly, I really appreciate this video kind of bringing awareness to people like my dad. If you have it please take your meds that are prescribed to you 🥺❤️
Can u do “ I spend the day with dmdd”
my grandma for years said that her former husband (my grandfather) was walking on her roof and breaking things on her house, which never happened at all. so that is called delusion then.  I believe she probably had some kind of schizophrenia, but it has never been diagnosed or treated. actually where I live people don't even talk about this condition, and I have never heard of a specific place for treating it. there are some many countries where these themes are never even considered, I really appreciate your efforts on making people aware, Anthony, what you're doing is so important
18:23 exactly! And hearing that was wonderful.  As someone that hallucinates it was great watching this. I do not have a schizophrenia DX, but the hallucinations, or mechanisms of hallucination, are usually similar from one disorder to the next. The phone thing is a fabulous idea! I have people in my life that will be helped by that immensely. I love these videos and the way they're handled.
I love how he expresses his personal conclusion of the conversation with the people he interviews and their experiences. True inspiration that shines light on ACTUAL important things that we should educate ourselves on since we interact with different people daily and knowing this just helps me so much really understand and not be an impulsive person and not ask uncomfortable questions to others. Sometimes we think we are wise and we think we just GET everything but we are so much less than that. If we don't actually take the time to LISTEN, LEARN and have a conversation, we'll just keep being ignorant people.
i had a very weird experience not too long ago and i don’t know why or even what it was, i haven’t found anything on google about it so i was wondering if anyone understands me here: i was with my friend and we were sitting down outside by a river by her house, and i felt sort of tired and i like slow blinked because my eyes were heavy and when i opened them back up, my vision had like a white outline to it, very thin. i literally felt like i was watching my life through a lens, or like on a screen. it was so weird. we were talking, and i noticed i was like sort of mumbling, just not annunciating properly, so i just stopped talking mid sentence and she was like “?” and i told her i felt weird like i was in a dream, and also i couldn’t really feel the rest of my body like it had just evaporated and i was just a head. and i was almost hysterical because i was genuinely afraid, almost like i couldn’t get a hold of my mind. i also don’t remember ever like hearing myself talk in my head, like how you are reading this right now. like if i thought it, it was right then in that moment as i was talking. i literally wanted to prove to myself that i was in a dream by jumping into the river 10 feet infront of us because i “knew” that my heart would start pounding and it would “wake me up.” has anyone else dealt with this before?
You should interview people with OCD! There are  sooo many disconseptions about it, it would amazing bringing some awarness <3
You guys are precious souls! Thank you so much! You deserve to be out there! 💜💜💜💜💜
You should consider interviewing people with alopecia (alopecia universalis, alopecia areata, alopecia totalis...)
Amazing I enjoy these topics!
YES SCHIZOPHRENIA! I studied this disorder for an essay in my psych class, so happy it’s being recognized!!  Edit: I also used Kody’s tiktok page for a little bit of info, happy to see him again
i dont hvave this mental illness but i feel bad for everyone who does. I hope everyone is doing okay <3 have a great day :) xx
ok but i actually HATE the heavy music in the intro...
Wow so glad he shared something that worked for him for it may work for people who are going through something similar.  The camera worked for him in identifying what is real from what is not there.
This video was amazing, thank you guys for sharing! Cecilia, Kody and Jorge seem nice and sweet people, I can't imagine how hard it is for them to live with this disorder but hearing their experiences from them is eye opening. We must educate ourselves and each other about mental health and these types of disorders, everything would be a little bit better if we do it. I wish them nothing but the best. Again, thank you guys for sharing this!
I like your mirror screen!  Is the video of people photoshopped in, or is it a real screen?
Oh man. I cant imagine. Hallucinations born out of anxiety. Of course they would be scary clowns, girls with knives demons! I seriously cannot imagine what that was like to have to try to understand as a young person.
Woooow I saw Cecilia 3yrs ago on a video and she seems to be much more present now!!!
I have schizophrenia and it's so demonized to the point where I've been mistreated and abused in my work place and college for it.
I swear to God that Anthony is the ONLY person who can pull off that outfit.
My dad has PTSD do to being in the army. He had multiple mental breakdowns, and delusions. That luckily means that I learned about a lot of mental disabilities at a young age.
My mother developed schizoaffective disorder in her 40s while I was in my last year of middle school.  She started to develop symptoms shortly after starting a new job and she had auditory hallucinations and delusions.  She believed that her coworkers were out to harm her and her family.  It was absolutely heartbreaking to witness her going through that.  Imagine someone you care deeply for slowly begin to lose themselves.  Any humor they had, their personality just stops coming through and all you see is fear and paranoia.  That is what my mom was experiencing and my heart still aches imagining how it was for her.  She fully believed in these delusions and to her point of view, she had no one to believe her.  Can you imagine?  You fully believe there are people trying to harm you and you have NO ONE who believes you and no one to help you.  Imagine the helplessness and despair she must have been feeling.  We could all see the very real fear she was experiencing for herself and her family and she pleaded with us to believe her.  We pleaded with her to seek out therapy and psychiatric help.  And for a long time, she wouldn't.  Her delusions eventually lead her to believe that her family wasn't actually her family, but people disguised as her family and we got into many a hairy situation because of that.  She got into some legal trouble due to her disorder and it all culminated a few years ago.  She either had to seek psychiatric help or she would go to jail for a year.  The circumstances leading up to that point are a little complicated, but the legal system had failed us before when it came to my mother and we all felt betrayed.  But it was the push that got my mom on the right track.  She was diagnosed and got on medication.  While medication helps curb symptoms for a lot of people with schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder, medication completely erased my mom's symptoms.  Her personality shines through now and she no longer experiences daily fear or paranoia.  And I am so happy that her mental illness no longer drives her life.  I'm so glad that she can be happy again.
14:48 "Right at your finger tits"
This is such an incredible series. I learn something new every time, and the people you speak to seem so lovely and interesting.
The worst is people talking about schizophrenia being DID?? Where does this even come from? And when you try to educate them about it they are confused because it´s so embedded in their brains.
Cecilia has also done an incredible TED talk on schizophrenia at PSU! Highly recommend it if you haven't watched it yet and want to hear more of her story :)
he should do one with people with hemophilia
Why the person who seems to have the best microphone is the one with not so good audio quality?
I'm learning so much from Anthony's interviews, overall on mental illnesses  Thank you.
Plot twist: they actually do have super powers and are able to see and hear spirits around them because they have superior sensorial capabilities, and the trees telling him that it will kill him are actually the trees for real saying it.  Also, it was damn deep and fucked up, how he described that he felt like reality wasn't real anymore and thought he was in a coma, and his hallucinations almost convinced him that killing himself was the only way to go back to his real life. Imagine just how difficult it can be to rationalize that, and come to the conclusion that it isn't true. Damn.
At 10:30 I swear I heard him say “fingertits” instead of “fingertips”
My sister has it it’s very scary sometimes but I feel likes she’s in pain and she feels alone I still love her
I have a question, and I mean this in the most respectful way, I just want to know a little more about how different people deal/interact with schizophrenia. When you are conversing with a hallucination and you find out they aren’t real, do you always cease interacting with them? Or do you ever continue a conversation and embrace a non-negative hallucination? Does that cause more hallucinations to happen if you knowingly continue to talk to a not real person?
That’s so interesting that the hallucinations/delusions don’t show up on the camera! I would have assumed that if your brain can conjure up entire physical and visual sensations then it would be able to connect it to the camera too. That’s such a neat trick! It must have been so relieving to discover such a simple way to discern illusion from reality, because I bet any little trick or loophole that helps people with schizophrenia a whole lot. Stay strong, babes!! 💜
You know it was a reflective episode for me, not just helps to the investigation of what am I like every other episode that Anthony has done, but it reminds me of how lucky are some people to not have to cope with this things, some knowing how to solve it so it has an end or even like I do pulling out the best things out of there after learning to control them. All these people deserve so much better and definitely shouldn't be victims of social discrimination, I mean no one at all should be. After all we are the same on a different way. Wish you all the best from my heart 💙🌌
Neat fact, scientific evidence PROVES the brain activates JUST LIKE hearing/seeing for people with Schizophrenia. The brain LITERALLY registers the sensory input.
if you can find people to interview you should do a video about misophonia my little sister has it and it doesnt get recognition
my grandmother has schizophrenia and I know that increases my chances of developing it. the fact that I have mental health issues, dabbled with marijuana in my youth, and had breaks in reality from weed, all increase my chances of developing it. its honestly a big fear of mine and I'm just waiting to pass the typical development period. this episode helped me a lot with my anxiety around developing it. thank you
In 1994 I was 12. I had a custom shit made me for me that said "I'm schizophrenic & so am I". 😔 I feel terrible about it now, bc back then it was just a "funny" joke I'd heard. Im so glad that there's more awareness now so that hopefully others don't make stupid shirts,  jokes, etc.
could you do an interview with people with OCD? a ton of people highly misunderstand it
I’m high rn but what if people with schizophrenia are our closest and most real type of people that see the dead and talk to spirits
How about looking for U.N.S.C.
Smeagol in 1970's had it.
I love this series. Thank you so much Anthony for giving these people chances to reach out to others who may not otherwise ever hear about Schizophrenia, DID, etc. This has been a fantastic way to learn for me. Best series on YouTube by far.
It really is so incredibly brave of these people for talking about their experiences and the fact that things like these should be taken seriously by others, not just the people affected.
Wait a minute is that a dominican person? acabo de ver a un dominicano aqui?!!!!!
Better hope Trisha doesn’t latch onto this one
I think the 3 guests are brave for telling their stories. Media portrays schizophrenia in such a violent manner that it makes you think they are inhuman & it's not fair. I feel like I have a way better understanding of schizophrenia by listening to all their stories.
Love how these awesome people share their tools to deal with it
Anthony you should make a video with people that have OCD
PLEASE do bipolar disorder
I think he should do one about csi/ forensic scientist that would be very interesting 🤷‍♀️
Cecilia has a Ted Talk about Schizophrenia and it's really cool. If you guys wanna know a little bit more about her experience (or the experience of having Schizophrenia at all) I recommend it ;)
My father has schizophrenia with auditory hallucinations, but he has been treating it for a long time now so he is better than when it started. I remember a time when I was a kid and I asked him about it, he told me that at night when he was in bed just about to sleep he would hear me cry in the room that was next to his. I wasn't living with him, my parents separated at that time and I was living in another city with my mom...
I think i know that sloth in the background from somewhere
this one is awesome! thank you so much. props to the guests for coming on and talking openly. i know that all mental illnesses/disorders etc are badly misunderstood even now, but schizophrenia has to be one of the least understood and the most stigmatized. i don't have it myself, but it runs in my dad's family and i had ummm questions haha, i described verrrry detailed hallucinations as a child (more than 'typical', mom wrote them down but i don't remember), flashes of images as a teenager, and then in my late teens to mid twenties, i saw extremely extremely real ghosts, heard voices. but it all calmed down; i have autism/adhd as well. it's very hard to talk about even if you don't even know what schizophrenia is and are just telling someone you saw something or are having weird thoughts. i know that more of my relatives that i don't even know and never met had a really rough go of it and ignorance makes it so hard to seek much needed help, and schizophrenics are definitely taken advantage of by abusive people as well.
I have respect for the people in this video because i can't imagine how scary and frustrating it can be, now even I am looking around in my room because now I am a bit para and i am wondering if I will get it.
I just want to thank every person who was brave enough to to participate in one of Anthony's videos! They really make us understand a lot better how you feel, and it helps to know how we should deal with it. :D
I’m still waiting for I spent a day with hardcore vegans aka (thatveganteacher) and others. Just a suggestion
I saw kody and clicked, hes such a nice dude and hes really educational on his tik tok!
this is 100% demons 6:47
I think this series is wonderful. Anthony asks all of the questions that we want to know. Somtimes its hard because you dont know if your inquiries about things like this might come off as insensitive or disrespectful. He's very sensitive to that and it's never come off as brazen or uncomfortable.
My brother has this disorder and everyone thought he was on drugs or he had a demon.
have u ever do an "i spent a day w people with derealization/depersonalization disorder?
It’s not exactly the same, but I have schizotypal personality disorder (which includes delusions and paranoia) -which I did have misdiagnosed for like 2 years as schizophrenia bc I was in an anxiety induced psychosis for SO long due to paranoia. While auditory hallucinations were temporary for me, it was still not a fun time. These people are very brave to talk about their mental illness, it’s not something people like to come out and just say. The stigma on it is ridiculous! I don’t even like saying I have STPD bc people look at you or act like your crazy or dangerous. I kept my (misdiagnosed) schizophrenia diagnosis a complete secret. For those who think otherwise, I will say, people suffering from schizophrenia or schizotypal/schizoaffective, they’re not dangerous and are most often likely to be the victim of abuse.
Jesus... all power to these guys. I couldn’t imagine going through those things. Also, I definitely agree that mental and brain health should be taught in schools. I rather learn about this than Cornell notes.
Weird off topic... but I love how he uses his phone to differentiate if someone is real or not, because I use mobiles to realise if I'm dreaming or not. They don't seem to work with our psyches. Interesting
These people are brave to tell this on the Internet where everyone can judge you
Can you do a video spending a day with stutterers?
Please do a video on hoarding disorder
Is it just me or does Jorge sound like Rene from storage wars?
He should do an episode with child geniuses
Thankyou so much for this, anthony. I dont have schizophrenia as far as i know- but i do deal with psychosis, seeing you use your platform to help people understand us who hallucinate and experience delusions is so heartwarming. a million times thank you, and thank you to the people in this video who are brave enough to speak up about this <3
7: 16 inseption vibes
you should do dp/dr man it’s crazy
My grandma (step technically) growing up has schizophrenia and no one knew about it until she had a breakdown when my grandpa passed (someone she took care of for years because he had Alzheimer’s) we always just thought she was “off” or mean or just controlling over my grandpa and of course I was just a young kid so I didn’t know any better. My biological doesn’t have many severe mental disorders we know of and knew nothing about it. She was a very religious women and when finding out what she seen and heard the most it was demons and angels and things of that nature then suddenly everything she would do and say as we were children made sense. How she survived that many years with it unmedicated and day to day I have no idea. I don’t see her anymore she moved in and was hospitalized by her bio kids but I think about it so much
me hearing the definition for it: mmmmmm  The dark figue that staring at me:👁👃👁  Me: yea this is fine
Could you do one on OCD please? :)
u bout to hit 5 mill now u gotta eat that tree like u said u would dont you take it back now you coward
Hugs for schizophrenic people. I love you all.
Can you do a video with people with colorblindness
and how convincing a person with clearly case of schizophrenia of go to therapy? my mom clearly have it, she see people and hear voices the same way all the ppl in the video said, even have randoms feelings of being shocked or being burning, i told her a ton of times to go to therapy, that she need treatment, but she only wanna be the victim, she is no "crazy" and is ppl doing that to her
Bro I wasn’t expecting that Etika part, that was so true.                              J O Y C O N B O Y Z F O R E V E R
I have psychosis and the most common delusion I experience is feeling like life isn't real.
He should do one of people with extreme adhd
The woman has a Ted Talk pretty interesting
i wish they talked more about the "negative" symptoms of schizophrenia (withdrawal from society, apathy, depression, deterioration of speech and etc), but otherwise this is an amazing episode & i'm glad this disorder is being spoken about in such an empathetic manner <3
Can you do a video with people with madd (Maladaptive Daydreaming Disorder)?? I want to learn more about it myself. I believe I have it, and there is not too much known about it yet. I want to hear what other people who have it feel like. I, and probably others with madd, would really love seeing other people understand what people with madd go through.
This was very sweet, thank you
Can you do a video on major depression
my auditory hallucinations while watching this: rawr xD anthony is under ur bed  me: wtf
you should spend a day with people with visual snow
Is schizophrenia hereditary because when Cecilia mentioned that it started when she would see a shadowy figure, I have been having the same experience for the past month and it happens every night at the same hour, I would wake up and i would see it just there coming towards me and I would get this weird feeling. Idk maybe it me just being paranoid. I'm only saying this because my aunt has it and would like to get it off my chest. :/
I follow Kody on Tiktok & he is AWESOME!!! thank you Anthony for listening to us & getting him on this video!!
Is anyone else noticing the new background music and theme? Like the rock and suspense music
hey anthony, i’d love if you did a video of type one diabetics and how costly our medication that we need to live is constantly sky rocketing in price. i think more people need to know about this and why so many diabetics, like myself, have had to decide between a paying a bill or paying for our insulin. a constantly battle between a slow death or a roof over your head. especially during this pandemic.
I know I shouldn't but my favorite client is a guy with Schizophrenia. He's so sweet and thoughtful wouldn't harm a fly
Unrelated but you should do a video with people who have service dogs, I think it would really help alot of people understand not to touch or distract service dogs because alot people have no idea that they shouldn't distract service dogs and most handlers are pretty good at educating people.
Anothony!!! You should spend a day with people with Aphantasia! Im watching the synesthesia episode and I think it would be so cool if you could do the opposite end of the spectrum :)
Can you do ADHD? It has way more packed into it than what a lot of people assume.
Is there a video of eating disorder survivors or people with eating disorder  If not please do one and thank you 🧡🧡🧡
Huh, maybe I have like really mild schizophrenia. I’m a hypochondriac though so probably not. But my whole life I would every now and then hear something that no one else can hear, or hear someone directly speak right into my ear but no one is there, I’ve seen shadow figures within the last year, I’ve felt things like someone pushing me but I’m the only person around. I’m pretty sure I’ve been delusional several times before. I’m crazy paranoid a lot of the times. Every day and several times a day I would literally see something in my peripheral but when I go to look it’s not there. I also see auras and colour around people though but I don’t think that’s a schizophrenia thing.
A befriended someone in my art class that has Schizophrenia, I had suspicions but I never asked because it didn't matter to me. They ended up confessing it to me and were shocked when I barley reacted
I would love to see you cover alopicia specifically in females since it’s more widely accepted for men to be bald or lose hair. 🥰 I love your work and have learned so much from your content
can you do an episode on highly sensitive people, please?
great... now i got to go talk to a professional just to make sure my head is right. this is bringing up to many red flags for me to be carefree about.
I have schizotypal personality disorder and only really have hallucinations when I'm majorly stressed. I got it from my grandmother who has severe schizophrenia.
So I've tried to tell my mum that I think I have this and she's told the doctor and the doctor as well as my mum has almost written it off as practically nothing, and maybe that was my fault for not explaining well enough. I've also had a long battle with depression which I've told my mum about three times but it's also just written off as 'being trapped inside the house' or 'just needing someone to talk too' so I'm afraid that it wont matter how many time I ask for help. Also want to add in that the reason I'm not getting help from a doctor by myself is because I'm to young.
My aunt has paranoid skizophrenia and have had it for the past 40 years. It could be nice if you added that it is not just hallucinating.. it’s not just hearing things and being delusional by hallucinating things that aren’t there. It is also adding aspects and characteristics to people you know that is not true. When I was 12 years old my aunt was convinced that I was a prostitute and she would ask me these incredibly inappropriate questions and she was also convinced that my dad and brother were trying to kill her.. it’s not just knowing if a person in front of you is real, it is also not knowing wether who you think the person is, is real.. and that is unfortunately not something that glitches or you can see with your phone camera..
Sit down with METALHEADS
Thank you for this
*Anthony: Exercising the demons*  _PE Teachers with schizophrenia_  UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN *fEel The Burrrnnnnnn PRRET*
the girl sounds like one of the characters from the midnight gospel
There having some nice asmr
✨🎉 Mental health is important 🎉✨
I mean i have schizoaffective disorder and I have some similar symptoms of schizophrenia the only difference between the shadow thing that they were talking about is that I can see the shadow and hear the shadow talk when I have a episode of schizoaffective disorder which is frighting but the best part is when it stops and reality comes back I literally sweat when I have a episode
This is interesting tbh, kinda removes the misconceptions I have too.
I admire these people and people with schizophrenia overall they have to deal with this scary things, i think they are really persistent, i just can't imagine it, i have derealization and depersonalization, i am dissociated since 1 month and i think i died i don't feel things and surrounding i hate it but schizofrenia sounds more scary :((
*THANK YOU FOR CLEARING UP THIS MISCONCEPTION ABOUT SCHIZOPHRENIA*
Thanks this helped with my project alot
Hey Anthony, do you take requests for these videos? I was wondering if you would consider doing a “I SPENT A DAY WITH LPS TUBERS” Featuring for example Sophiegtv, LpsAcs, Lpshannah or any other lps tubers. I’d love to see that..
I have shizoprenia and I really appreciate how calm you are with this people their are so much people that just are like "yea it's just imagination you overreact"
i would love to see Anthony do a “ sitting down with people who have *trichotillomania* “ because it’s something common but not common enough. i’ve been struggling with this my entire life and would love to see an episode about that.
"right at your fingertits"
You should do an episode on aphantasia.   It’s a very interesting condition and I personally didn’t know I had it until I stumbled onto a YouTube video about it last year. And it effects 1-3% of people
These videos are seriously so eye opening, I never considered how looking at where someone says their hallucination are could effect them. Also crazy to hear that kody can use his phone to tell the difference
One time after work (I think it was 2:00AM) I was waiting for the bus at the bus station. Some guy came up to me introducing himself as a person with schizophrenia and that he’s lost and needs some money for the bus. He was very calm and understanding of his situation. Thank you Anthony for showing the better side of people with mental illness!
I was so embarrassed to tell anyone I have a schizophrenia Bc I’m 17 as well as I thought I would get treated differently and be called names too but I was diagnosed  when I was 15  when I taken to a mental hospital but this video helped me boost up my confidence  thank you Anthony
I love the memory's the food fight
I couldn't imagine what it would be like have schizophrenia and seeing pennywise. Thats just terrifying to think about
Can you PLEASE PLEASE do one with aromantics? It's not really talked about or known. It would be so incredible!
I had an idea for a video: you could interview child authors. I think child authors are really amazing, and I would be interested in how their youth effects their writing. :)
It's really cool to see Cecilia on this episode of "I spent a day with"! I had a class with her my first semester of college, and she was the first person I met who had schizophrenia. She did a class advocacy project on schizophrenia, and she really opened my eyes about it. Typical media representation is highly negative and misleading, and I'll admit that I was very ignorant about schizophrenia beforehand. That's why it is so important to learn about disorders/diseases/etc from first-hand accounts (like this video or organizations made by people with said condition), because it makes them more "real" or normalized than misleading media portrayal or even just reading scientific definitions and symptoms. You see the people first.  Anyways, I'm glad to see that Anthony provided this platform to educate even more people about this topic. I hope Cecilia is doing well and she continues to reach more people through opportunities like this!
I have schizoid personality disorder; when I tell the few that I do they think I’m saying I have schizophrenia. Which is not the case but could have a correlation later on.
My Grandmother as been diagnosed with depression after my grandfather died(I don't remember exactly), since my father was a kid, she heard voices. A long time ago, she had a "diary". It was full of numbers and non sense thing's, i was just a kid, didn't understood what it was. But, after this video, I have a lot to think about.
You should do a series on recovering addicts
Does anyone feel like they're being watched?
I would love to see "I spent the day with conversion therapy survivors"
you should do people with epilepsy
They’re so brave, they inspire me a lot!
Cody pointed something out that's really important.  I have DID and for a long time I assumed I was schizophrenic and even doctors suggested I was schizophrenic because I talked about the voices in my head and they assumed it was auditory hallucinations.  I never knew that auditory hallucinations were OUTSIDE the mind like physically hearing something. For me the alters in my system are like my thoughts they're inside. I dont hear them literally.  But because no one talks about that distinction I didnt know about DID for a really long time. (Also the doctors didn't diagnose me with schizophrenia either because I didnt have any of the symptoms. They just gave me the diagnosis of "psychosis")
WRONG BECAUSE I AM 9 OK I AM 9 SCHIZOPHRENIA
Can you do trichotillomania next?
I want to comment à critisicm i have on the first question you ask your guest. You ask them as what to they consider themselves. It is a very uncomfortable question to ask. Your basicalely asking them to labeled themselves . Many people with particular condition  to not like to be labeled. Because in there everyday life they are often only seen and talk about as there condition. To avoid that  you could call them a person with whatever condition they have because in doing so you humanize them. They are no longer à condition but à person with a condition. NEVERTHELESS GREAT INTERVIEW
kody's statement is VERY relatable to me: "to get to the real reality, i have to end this one". yep. yep. yep. yepppp.
Anthony can you please do a video on ptsd and c-ptsd. I'd love for people to know more about it and also realize its not jut something people get from going to war.
I wonder what would happen if someone was screaming for help but you have hallucinations or that so you couldnt tell if it was real or not
I am bipolar. I would love to see you talk to folks who have bipolar. 💜
Amazing. 👏🏿
Can you interview people with antisocial personality disorder?
My mum had schizophrenia for years before she passed away earlier this year, it’s real and it’s terrifying to see someone you love go through it❤️
Some of their experiences sound like OCD but your experiencing it outside your mind; terrifying.
you should interview people with HPPD
I’ve believe I possibly could have schizophrenia but I also have phobias that are based on my paranoia (specifically the fear of broadcast warnings and amber alerts). When I turn my TV off, keep it on without my xbox being on, or keep my tv on the silent xbox Home Screen, I suddenly get huge paranoia that a demon will pop up on my screen suddenly with a jarring scream, or that a broadcast warning will suddenly appear. I live in Las Vegas so the last time we had a warning was a radio test so there’s little to no chance of one popping up anyways. Or the common fear of a demon being behind you in the dark when walking through a hall or going up or down the stairs, but I suddenly imagine a demon charging at me without moving limbs at a 1000 mph to go up to my face like FNAF on crack. I have past trauma as well which could be possibly another reason for these paranoias. But nonetheless I wasn’t diagnosed with Schizophrenia with my recent tests. Thank you for reading my ted talk. -w-
Very proud of all of you for speaking about this openly and educating us
Can you do one on OCD?
Thank you so much for telling me what is happening to me. I have been having some halusinations (sorry if misspelled) when I was young and hearing sounds randomly. But for me it faded away when I started middle school. Thank you!
I'd love to see an episode on ADHD!
I've been living my entire life with a schizofrenic family member. He's a very nice and kind guy, just having anxiety and paranoia. But whenever he was delusional or paranoid, like thinking we want to poison him etc., majority of the family would just tell him off, like "yeah whatever, just stop with this bullshit already", like he was just in a mood and not having a fairly serious condition. Everyone knew he had schizophrenia, but they never tried to understand him and expected him to behave as if he didn't have it. Same went for me, I have Asperger's syndrome and whenever I was behaving autistic I would be told to "stop acting autistic and just behave normally". Like excuse me, but asking a mentally ill person to behave normally is like asking someone to stop breathing - they can try for a while, but eventually they will start breathing again, whether they want to or not.
I dont know if it's a good video idea. But Anthony can you do a interview with people that do paranormal investigations  or ghost hunting. 🤷‍♀️
Teachers should use these videos in class tbh
I think it would be cool if you did one of these on OCD. There are MANY different types of OCD and they present differently in every person. I think when most people think of OCD they only think of cleaning OCD or checking OCD, but like many mental illnesses (including  schizophrenia, as I learned from this video!) it is a spectrum and each person's experience is wildly different. For example, I have what is known as "magical thinking OCD," which is nothing at all like what people might think of when they think of OCD. There are just so many misconceptions and it is so little understood by the general public, which can be pretty isolating and disheartening. Would love to see some light shed on it! That aside, this video was awesome, as are all of your videos. I always look forward to learning something new from them :)
I saw her o n a ted talk
id love to know if they have ever done mushrooms or other drugs that cause distortion
Cecilia glew up from sbsk's video wow
I know many people have probably told you this, but I really appreciate you using your platform to inform people about things in life. That is absolutely amazing. Thank you! I learned a lot with many of your videos, and I feel way better to hear from people who go through these things themselves then from someone who doesn’t go through it but reads from a book.
you should do a I spent the day with sadists... I'm curious
Can you do a video about PTSD/C-PTSD?  It would be nice to hear other people’s experiences with the disorder. Sometimes it gets super lonely when people around you don’t understand what you’re going through. I have PTSD with Psychotic features so i experienced hallucinations and dissociative episodes as well. Thank you so much for giving people the time to speak about their experiences in a world with so many stigmas against mental illness and disorders!
Movies always show people with schizophrenia as people who are completely out of their mind and “crazy” These people are very put together and just experience these extra things. Thank you
would be awesome to see one of these about ADHD. It's still generally knows as the hyperactivity disorder but it's sooo much bigger than that
Thank you Anthony for the interviews about mental health issues because they are serious and need to be talked about so we don't have dumb ideas or stereotypes about people who have mental health issues
BIPOLAR DISORDER NEXT
you posted this vid exactly on my birthday <333 I love them all
Anthony is the real one on this platform
Do ADHD I have it and it's way more than people think .
To much music in the background...please!
Jorge sincerity and courageous display of emotion felt really heartwarming. I know friends who suffer from schizophrenia and relatives as well, and it is rare you get to them express real emotion due to negative affectivity. Thank you for showing millions of people that people with schizophrenia are just as human and complex as other people <3
<3
This video should be mandatory in schools, to show young people. It´s a short video with huge information. Thank you Padilla.
I think i have schizophrenia cause most of the things they said they've been experiencing I've been experiencing it as a kid and right now it's not as constant as it was when i was a kid,they just come on and off once in a while and being in the university now trying to live my life with people has been hell for me cause most people see me as a freak or are scared of me or they just run away from me but I don't know what to do right now.....i will go try to be diagnosed when i have the money so i can know for sure what's wrong with me
Yay I just did the right thing and recommended your videos to my teacher who teaches us about psychology! Great video as always!
Please do one on OCD. This is a condition that is real hard an misunderstood. It's not about being "a neat freak" There is so much more to it.
I love Kody's TikTok, I was so happy to learn he'd be in this video
Can you please try "I spend a day with people with Antisocial Personality Disorder"?
The black guy almost sound like he also has DID
You should do a Adhd episode!
bro we have the same name
N-word is bad
I actually have body dysmorphia, and would love if you did a video on that, it would be really cool to see others with the same disorder :)
I'm glad that videos like this can raise awareness, my dad had schizophrenia and could not get proper treatment because of the stigma behind it.
I hope he does an episode with ppl with ASPD
I love these videos they're very informative I've become a different person because of these keep with the series
Hey Anthony! I would love it if you did a video at some point where you talk to people who have scoliosis or who have had surgery for scoliosis. That would be so cool! I’ve had the surgery and i would love to have the chance to share my story with you. I would also love to hear other people’s stories too.
Schizophrenia makes school SO hard for me and I felt so happy knowing the girl struggles with the same thing. Stress really makes my hallucinations worse and I literally can’t see my paper or the school board, I also wish teachers understood more. They thought I wasn’t doing work on purpose. Thank you sm for these videos Anthony I feel less alone
omg Cecilia you're looking fabulous with that hairstyle!
Wild - I'm in recovery and my last drug psychosis involved me believing I was in a coma and that I was constantly battling imaginary situations to wake up. I would hear my mom begging. So terrifying & thankfully, MANY MANY years ago now. I know it's totally different, I've just never heard someone have the same psychosis. Scary stuff. Sending love to all of you for your strength !
Great job having Kody on!!! He is a tiktok icon, and a wonderful advocate.
Can you do a video with NORTH KOREAN DEFECTORS? That would be so interesting! Ps. Guys please like my comment so he can see it hopefully 🧡
We love and support you Jorge!
I swear to god Anthony is such an amazing interviewer !!!
I’m just saying: an idea for Anthony to spend a day is with voice actors, like Yagami Yato, and asking of what they do and such, just an idea🥰❤️✨
this episode genuinely helped me understand the many ways schizophrenia can affect people a little more - thank you for always being so kind/open to people. best wishes to these lovely folks who spoke :)
Can u do one with panic disorder? I’m 14 and I’ve been diagnosed since I was ten
could you do an episode on people with ptsd?
You think you have problems then you see people like this with such challenging thing live with and not only are they living with it they are turning into something positive and educationing about it they are stronger than me and truly inspirational people 🧡
it sounds more than horrifying to be threatened by a tree :s
Have you done someone with borderline personality disorder? I deal with it and it’s a really difficult, interesting disorder not many people know about.
I would love to see one of  people with ADHD. Many times it is not represented how it affects the daily life of the person. I feel like it will be an interview that I would see many times.
I use to joke around having Paranoia now I have both Schizophrenia and Paranoia which is something I found out because I talk to my self alot and I have an "Imaginary" friend called Spectre because I believe that Ghosts are indeed real.
All I'm going to say is that it's hard living with a parent who has schizophrenia and it's really mentally draining especially if i am the eldest child and i have to take care of the younger siblings who one of them is 3 years old and the other one is a year younger than me and the dad who has a pace maker in his body who also deals with heart attack problem and i have to deal with school too. Life can be really hard sometimes. I don't even have time for myself and it's really hard especially when I'm super energetic and positive naturally but sometimes it's just like what's the point?
You should do ehlers-danlos syndrome because it's not very comin I have it and so my mom and sister and it is something A lot of people don't know about
A really like Cecilia TED talk
Seeing IT everywhere.... Omg what a nightmare. That's got to be so difficult to live with.
1:19 tripped me out 🤚🏽😭
if you could do a video about trans people or lesbians at some point please do
Oh my gosh it’s schizophrenichippie from tiktok. I’m glad you brought him, he’s so informative and really positive.
Why don't u spend a day with a  covid19 patient twigerp
I swear people that have a mental illness are the most emotionally strong people ever.
Would you do a video on how you conduct your interviews? Especially now that you are doing them all virtually! I know that a camera can’t exactly record a TV screen without it having lines or pixelation. So I always wonder if you interview them first while recording them, and then record yourself like your interviewing them with a blank tv screen. Then in editing you edit them onto the TV or how it works exactly! These always look so good and I’m just curious on the process! 🤗
I grew up with my grandmother, who still lives with my mom, who has schizophrenia. So I appreciate this video a lot! I’ve had to deal with a lot of scary stuff when it comes to all sorts of things with my grandmother. From terrible cops who thought my grandmother was just on drugs to her convincing me of the things happening to her when I was just a child. My mom worked at Goodyear on 12-hour shifts, and I was already terrified of the dark and we lived in a very ghetto and sketchy neighborhood. So I used to think I too had schizophrenia, which I don’t, but I definitely have other mental disorders unfortunately. My grandmother still struggles to this day. So thank you for bringing light to a very misunderstood disorder.
I would love to know what you think of my life nutshell video.
Can you do one on hpd
That video arrive very much in point, because yesterday I explained my younger brother what DID is, and when I said "multiple alters", he immediatly replied "lol that's schizophrenia" and I knew the two things were very different, but I didn't know the exact symptoms of schizophrenia. Thank you for this!
Trisha gonna be Schizo soon 😂
PLEASE DO PEOPLE WHO ARE ON THE AUTISM SPECTRUM!!
This has 666k views
I'm so proud of these people( even though I don't know them) for how open they are when talking about schizophrenia knowing the bad stigma that still lingers on the subject
This was very interesting, learned a lot!
Can you spend a day with people who have ADHD?🥺
thanks again for helping me understand more and more about people.
I like people with theories its interesting
I spend a day with standing rock protesters
Growing up around someone with schizophrenia was scary but that's because I never knew what was going on..it was not until I was older that I realized what was going on and understood it better. I wish things like this were more talked about and there weren't such a negative stigma because these people deserve to be heard too
Thank you very much for this.
I would love to see a video about ADHD/ADD cause I feel like there’s some stigma around it, I mean it’s not just IM HYPER *punches something* and I can’t focus :( and there’s a kinda big gender difference on how it’s discovered from male to female. There’s so many disorders that should be covered but I think that ADHD/ADD should be one of them! And hey! If you need a Swedish, 18 year old that has ADHD, I’m your Gal😅
I’m glad I don’t have this because of how scared of things I already am, but I feel bad for people that do have it and if anyone has it in the comments, I hope your doing alright!
I have been loving this series of him interview people. I like it because I like to learn what is going on in their life and how they live with those problems.
I personally don't know anyone with schizophrenia, but now after this video, if and when i meet someone with it, i will be able to treat them better and hopefully not make them feel vulnerable or disrespected. Thank you Anthony!
Kody is definitely someone I respect and is an inspiration for me. When I got diagnosed with shizoaffective I was suffering a lot. I was sent home when I shouldn’t have due to high capacity. Someone suggested TIKTOK to me as I always need audio playing. He was the first to pop up on my feed. As if it was fate to let me know I am NOT alone and it is possible to succeed even with living with this condition. I hadn’t cried that hard out of relief my whole life, I no longer felt alone. As it is VERY isolating. He gave me the courage to speak about what was going on with me, and I perused the help I need professionally.
Anthony should do emetophobia
I'd love to see Bipolar Disorder
These people are so strong. If I saw a clown everywhere I went (which is one of my worst fears) I think I would die of a heart attack
this was really informative! thanks. 🙂
Do one about people that sleepwalk😍
This channel NEEDS to blow up more! Love this content!
Maybe schizophrenia is your soul talking to you of your other life’s
I would love to see one of these videos about OCD! As a person who recently got diagnosed with the disorder, I would love to hear how others live with it.
u should do a video with anti vaxxers
I hope he talks to people with ADHD too❤️
That couple of seconds of audio stimulation scared the bejeezus out of me. I cannot imagine how much more terrifying it could be with visual hallucinations, delusions and paranoia— reason why I absolutely hate when people call them “crazy”. It’s already hard for them to get through and manage their day to day in the situation they are in, there’s no need for anyone to make it harder for these people.
i make a speedrun of how long can i see this video whitout falling sleep my record is 1 minute
I spend a day with werewolves
I spend a day with a hacker
We want a video with a hacker
Ayo, this what twomad talks about all the time
I have a question for anyone to answer but, he says at the beginning that Schizophrenia shows up from the ages 16 and up, but ive had it every since i was like 7? i still have it now....
can he do ADHD?
Your videos are so important
My mother is schizophrenic and we just found out last year that my little sister is as well. Shortly after my sister turned 18 she had a mental breakdown/psychotic break which was around the same time my mother first had hers. Growing up we didn’t know about it, the family tried to keep it secret. We, being my siblings and I always knew mom was special/different but we didn’t learn why and how till not too long ago. My grandpa had electric shock therapy and no one talks about it and apparently all of my great aunts, grandpas sisters are on meds but again, no one talks about it. Mental health should definitely be normalized and talked about at a younger age because when my mom was hallucinating and I didn’t understand why she’d do the things she’d do, it was scary. When she she walked out in the middle of the street in broad daylight to look at the starfish in the sky, when she wouldn’t sleep for 3 days straight and think everyone was out to get her. When she’d talk to people that weren’t there... yeah it was scary.   Thank you Anthony for this series and educating people (including myself) every week on these topics that no one wants to talk about.
*me wondering if I have schizophrenia because I think I see those stuff too-* . .  y e e t
Can you please ask people with FASD I have FASD and people miss understand it a lot
Next one: I spent a day with Esports athletes. See how these athletes went from playing till morning and skipping school to being successful gamer stars. How do they feel in this growing industry that already started to surpass most traditional sports?
I love this series!! 💕
thankyou for doing this, this stuff is very important, understanding misunderstood illnesses, well done Anthony!'
One of my friends have this and she sees killers sometimes. One time when she called me they told her I was helping them and I have to assure her it’s not real
Wow I couldn't imagine how they must feel just trying to live life on a daily basis . It seriously sounds terrifying.  I wish them all the best they are so strong !!
This has me really questioning my childhood.... I had "an over-active imagination" that was highly visual and not in my control. It scared the piss out of me almost every night until I was a teen. I think I was halfway between believing there were actually monsters there, and not believing it. The visuals were glitchy and inconsistent, and they clearly made no logical sense, but I did not have the strength to dismiss them and ignore them. There was always at least one monster under my bed, one outside the window, one in the closet, and one outside the door, every night. I could barely move, I didn't want to attract attention. This happened up until I was about 15 or so, I didn't want to mention it to my parents because I knew socially I should have been done with nightmares, fear of the dark, and imaginary friends a long time ago. I "just dealt with it". (By hiding for years.) Eventually, as an adult, I did got psychotic symptoms noted on my mental health record, because of the most mundane hallucination... I can sometimes hear music playing, and when I hunt down the source, there's nothing there. If it were like a stranger's voice coming from nothing, maybe I would be able to tell it from reality through logical deduction alone like I did with the monsters, but the phantom music (ringtones, gameboy music, orchestra over the radio, edm through headphones)... it was too real, too normal, too plausible. So I wonder... Is there really a difference between the music and the monsters? Were they ALL hallucinations?
I admire them if I had schizophrenia. It would suck. I would go crazy hearing voices and seeing stuff
Can two people with schizophrenia pass whatever they have within them to one another?
I think it would be interesting to see one on school shooting survivors
I'm not diagnosed schizophrenic but I noticed they all mentioned shadow people and that's something I used to see as a kid up until I was maybe 10 among some other things. I've mentioned this to therapists I've had and none of them even the one I have now have any clue as to what was or is possibly going on with me. Maybe 90% of the things that I experienced at the time I haven't experienced since I was 15 and now that I'm 25 I honestly feel so alone cause I talk about the things I've experienced or experience and it's usually treated like well "I don't know what that is but you seem fine" Anyway, I guess I was just wondering if that was normal or if anyone else had experienced anything like this. I wish love to everyone and I'm not trying to diagnose myself or hurt anyone.
Anthony now pls elmosh is family yes y deja de decir que hablas inglés o es verdad
It’s a constant fear that people will find out what I experience and use it to manipulate me. Seeing people who are so open and honest about psychotic disorders gives me hope that the world is changing and I won’t need to hide forever.
Cecilia has such a soft voice it really soothing
Mental help is very important <3 I definitely agree with Jorge
Sudden spiders are not cool T_T Especially on a video like this.
I didn't even recognize Cecilia! She's changed so much but her calming voice remains the same. I could listen to her speak for hours.
Anthony, I like your content but can you maybe lighten things up for us with some happier topics? 2020 has been depressing enough.
Idea: I spent a day with professional gamers
thank you this really helps me cope with my dads disorder..
I would appreciate if the content warning could be shown for a few more seconds at the beginning, and maybe add in a few more things that may be common phobias, like the spiders shown.
You should do a video with people with dysphoria. It’s something many, many people, along with myself, deal with on a daily basis. And many people have no clue what it is that we go through. Most people just think it’s feeling bad about your body. But it often causes physical pain, and makes people want to die because they were born in the wrong body type, or with the wrong physical parts. It can also be because of how we sound. My Higher voice is what gives me the most dysphoria, along with my chest. It’s a daily problem. And of course I am just speaking from my perspective and my point of view with this topic. Not everyone deals with it in the same way, like all things. Thank you.
Spent a day with a flat earther pleasee!!!
i want anthony to be my best friend and therapist
We all know Anthony is an amazing interviewer, but the people who he interviews are really good at articulating what's going on in their lives.
Great interview. Thank you for letting me and everyone else know about schizophrenia. I heard of this condition but didn’t know much about it. I understand it a little more and it would help me interact in a proper way with your community. Thank you guys for sharing your story. Appreciate it.
my brother struggles with severe paranoid schizoaffective disorder and i'm so glad to see some light being shone on the disorder as it is not easily understood nor accepted.
Hey Anthony! I love the videos, but could you please be more aware of the describing clips in between the guests talking. Some of them could be triggering. The clips of spiders upset me. Thanks!
it's sad because my great uncle was stabbed to death by someone with schizophrenia due to delusions (that my great uncle was going to kill him so it was kinda self defense in a weird way) and my parents and family blame it completely on him and use degoratory terms and stuff towards him and like yeah he shouldn't have done that obviously but still it's sad, i wish ppl coul d just understand about these kinds of disorders and symptoms
"I hallucinate spiders--"  nope. nope. NOPE. NOPE NOPE NOPE. *NOPE NOPE NOPE! NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE!*   *RUNS AWAY* NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPE!
I was wondering if maybe you could do a video spending the day with people who have adhd, I have adhd myself and people have a hard time understanding when I explain to them that I just can’t focus
"Ain't no way I'm gonna throw down with a demon"
Anthony, You're doing a good thing spreading awareness of these topics and letting people have a voice. I have followed your work since you did skits, and I admire how you use your reputation to help others. Thank you, I really mean it, and keep it up!
I've been waiting for this video all my life
Please do a video about people with cerebral palsy. I love these videos that you keep doing, Anthony. Much respect
I know someone with schizophrenia, it’s really sad because he doesn’t want to take any meds and he talks about some really horrible things on Facebook. His family doesn’t understand :/  I’m afraid he’s going to hurt himself. We were friends in Highschool and he was so sweet and such a loving friend. I wish I could help him.
I follow schizophrenichippi on TikTok he’s amazing
Only way I can imagine how these people feel is when I lucid dream and it's awful bc even when I know it's not real, I cannot control my body to move or wake up sometimes. Glad to have them describe visual hallucinations, very interesting!! I'm curious is hypnosis is a form a therapy or creating signal words to exit a hallucination
I like when the girl says (sorry I forgot her name) we need to teach kids more about mental health and I thought it was funny because I am 11 and I feel like schools should teach more about mental health and stuff like that or allowing more kids to access the internet and watch videos like these to learn about mental health, like when she says that she thought she was possessed was because she didn’t know better I think she is right about schools needing to teach more about mental health.
you should do one on OCD, obsessive compulsive disorder. It is so often misinterpreted as the “cleaning disorder” which of course it is one, but there’s many more layers to it and it isn’t always about cleaning, trust me it sucks and people don’t seem to realize how unfortunate this mental illness can be
I have two uncles who have schizophrenia and growing up I was very afraid that I'd end up developping it since it apparently runs in the family (I didn't, I got blessed with social anxiety instead, yay). Seeing these people live the disorder and still manage to live their life fully is really reassuring.
PEOPLE PLEASE! like this comment so Anthony can see it!  Anthony I would love to translate this video to Spanish, I'm a Peruvian sub, my English is not perfect but right now I'm studying English and I'm at the level of advanced 4. One of my friends recently discovered that she may have schizophrenia and has been trying to deal with it the best way but it's really hard, I would love to translate this video so I can send it to her, and other Spanish speakers can also watch it and feel accompanied.
How do u go to comedy GOLD to sadness
hey, i have really severe anxiety and get panic attacks a lot, i have a professional diagnosis. i knew that watching a video about something as scary as schizophrenia would make me a little anxious and uncomfy, but at 10:33 when the example of auditory hallucinations popped up, i started crying. though there is a trigger warning/disclaimer at the beginning of the video,  i regret not paying enough attention to it. i'm writing this comment to warn others with or without anxiety disorders that triggers are real and important, not something to be made fun of on twitter or tumblr. thank you, anthony, for understanding this.
8:35  Anthony sorrow
I love how respectful Anthony is in every episode. He treats everyone with respect and doesn’t judge anyone. ❤️
As someone with schizophrenia i appreciate so much the guests you had on this show. They helped me alot. I feel less alone watching this
Your videos are amazing, when one of my friends told me they had DID I watched your video and it really helped me to understand what DID what not to do
I love these vids but I just realized I wasnt subbed! So I subbed lol. I love this community
Can you do a video on AVPD? (Avoident personality disorder)
I hallucinate spiders too that's so interesting
I’m relating to most of this and I’m confused ?
SOMETIMES.  maybe sometimes ...in some cases....Who is to say these delusions are delusions and not reality who determines what reality is and how can we know what it actually is when it varies from person to person.  Why cant it be possible that schizophrenics are just more in tune with the world around them and see and experience things our societal programming keeps us cut off from.  Plus often times we label people as sick and it makes people more sick.  People are diagnosed with psychosis here yet people going through the same experience in Africa is led down a path to shamanism.  Check out psychosis or spirituality - a TED talk and also read my mysterious son - a book.
I would love it if you did a video on spending the day with service dog handlers!
My dad had this and this video helps show what it’s like to have it, I’m very glad he did this.
Has Anthony made a video with bartenders? i think that would be interesting vid.
mannn i suggested schizophrenichippie SO long ago. im so glad he was able and willing to do this 😊😊😊
Omg omg omg the trigger is real. I'm schizoaffective and I can relate so much to this people. I feel so sad because my grandpa had schizophrenia and lived and died in a psychiatric home and that tears me up. To know that he didn't have a fulfilling life. And the thought that it could have been me truly scares me.
I love these vids
Rip etika i miss u so much etika i miss u
My grandfather had schizophrenia and died before his birthday
Wow, what a great way of helping me understand this condition. Thank you to the participants, let’s get the information out for the poor undiagnosed schizophrenics in the world.
I first found out about schizophrenia from "The Day the Voices Stopped. (A Memoir of Madness and Hope) by Ken Steele and Claire Berman.
It is fascinating how similar DID and schizophrenia are but also the huge distinction between both.
I can't believe that's the same Cecilia from the Special Books by Special Kids interview!
Yo loved the bola bola bar thing 😂😂😂😂
Who are you talking to, theres no one there?
i've experienced hallucinations from alcohol withdrawal and they are not something i would wish on anyone. feeling like someone is actually there. SEEING someone. HEARING someone. FEELING someone's breath on my neck.... i truly hope they are able to get to the point where they can all but cure this horrible disorder
im not schizophrenic, im schizotypal, but due to trauma/stress this video resonated a lot. thank you, and thank all of these brave people
I didn't recognize her with that hair! She looks great.
I have schizotypal personality disorder which can lead to schizophrenia and has symptoms of schizophrenia. I have the audio delusion and used to have the visual delusion, it's horrible. It literally sounds and looks like real life, I've had experiences of hearing a voice right next to my ear but no one is there and it freaks me out
Don't let trisha paytas see this
Your interviews are as always out of this world! Have you thought about doing a day with North Korean defectors? It need more attention
I love your interviews, especially those on psychological disorders. But please do not show clips or pictures of spiders without warning, i have severe araknophobia.
Would you ever do sociopaths?
I wish he could do one for type 1 and 2 diabetes I would appreciate that a lot
Something that would interest me to know: When they make videos or pictures of their hallucinations, do they see them on the photo?
My older adopted brother has schizophrenia and when I was in middle school he told my mom that the voices in his head and the people in his room told him he needed to kill me and my younger brother because we weren’t human. My parents got Him  help and he’s been doing better on the medication they have him on
can you do an interview with holocaust survivors?
Wow, I had never heard of Etika before this.  Thank you for sharing this. SO important to learn about Mental Health Conditions outside of just anxiety and depression.
Spend a day with CLOWNS
11:57 tw: imagery of spiders It ends at 12:02  Just putting this here because it scared the shit outta me
I'm schizoaffective and father has schizophrenia
Anyone else hallucinate during sleep paralysis episodes? When you realize you're awake but still cannot move your body?
Thank you for making this video. I know I was one of those who requested it! I lived with trauma-induced psychosis(that got misdiagnosed as schizophrenia) for ten years, and would have both auditorial, visual, olfatory and tactile hallucinations.  I heard voices for ten years, and I do remember the first time, I coukd hear a woman screaming, like a blood curdling scream. Later started the static voices that then became clear, and they told me that if I'd do as they said they'd take the pain away(I was already depressed and had lots of traumas in my childhood). I too thought I was posessed at first, because I was a kid(like 12/13) and I didn't know any better explanation. My whole teen years was a nightmare, literally.  Then got misdiagnosed whenI turned 18 and moved to an adult psych unit, and lived with thinkng I had schizophrenia for four years, and the worst thing about it(except for living in a nightmare) was people's misconceptions! I had people literally back away from me when I told them I was schizophrenic.  But one day, it was weirdly quiet all of a sudden(Imagine hearing voices for ten years then suddenly it's all quiet, so weird) and I realized something was wrong? Schizophrenia doesn't just go away? So I went to a new psych unit and asked for a full investigation, all tests they had, just to get this straight once and for all. And it turns out I have depression, GAD, PTSD, eating disorder and autism, and all of those things mixed with a lot of trauma I never  processed contributed to a trauma induced psychosis.   The mind is weird. It's like "Oh, so you feel like shit, here, have another realtiy that is also shit!"
I’m currently studying psychology and have multiple people in my life who have mental health disorders and so I’m incredibly grateful to Anthony for helping to educate people and help get diminish the misinformation that is out there . So thank you Anthony. 😊
I was diagnosed with unspecified schizophrenia and unspecified psychosis  last year (I was 13). My psychiatrist that I had at my dad's house (when I was there) thinks it could possibly be a brain tumor. Now I'm scared that it might be a brain tumor. 😰
joe                                                          mama
they are SO brave to share and relive these schizophrenic episodes! i hope they are all okay
i was friends with this one girl and she wanted to be with me and though i have not been diagnosed with schizophrenia, i am on antipsychotics, and i tried telling her that the voices wouldn’t let me be with her, and that i was just too unstable right now because i was terrified of dryers, and my car, and i saw shit on the side of the road and in front of my car when driving and i told her she could never understand until it happened to her, and she said “well it’s obviously not going to happen to me because i’m not crazy????” and i was like nah dude i don’t need that
As someone who has experienced hallucinations before, its really very intense and scary. Seeing faces on the windows and light switch. It is just a literal horror movie. Gosh. So nowadays I stay away from real horror movies for self-care.
Why do I feel like I'm in school when I watched this.
I have schizophrenia, I'm so happy he acts so normal around people like me.
Just want to share this story...  The son of one of my neighbours has shizophrenia he sees horrible things (he also painted) and is even in a mental hospital. A few years ago he erupted twice the hospital and hided somewere at my home. So I live in an apartment building with a quite big front garden and a lot of trees and bush and it was a bit scary to know there is a person wich is scared to hell and you don't know were he is or how he sees you and you come home at night. Even the police were looking for him for many days. The thing is he is just a normal person but a frightened person is unpredictable. It later turned out he was hiding in the basement (the basement is really scary i'm not joking!) And lit a fire there because it was cold(that was dangerous cause of the gas pipes). I'm really sorry for him :( because this must be/been terrible for him and i wish him the best and hope he's doing good. And of course for everybody else who struggles with schizophrenia or something else. Thank you for you time and have a nice day :) PS. Sorry for my bad English
I've been struggling with the fact that I might have schizophrenia for the last 9 years. I need help and I'm afraid to actually go get the diagnosis. I'm a mother of two and got sober 9 years ago and haven't looked back but I've had alot of trauma throughout my life and I always knew I was different. After getting clean I realized that the freak out moments that I had while I was using were not completely due to what I was on. I've been with the same man for 7 years and I'm pushing him away with getting paranoid he's doing something, hearing him talk badly about me, and I've even convinced myself he would sleep with someone while I was on the phone with him. I'm scared to say anything. Plus with covid going on my dad died and his dad got sick so we have been living 4 hours apart. He has our son and I have my daughter. He just got an apartment for all of us after a year and now I can't go out there until I have a job set in stone. I haven't seen them in 6 months and I just want to be there. I'm planning on telling him when we are all there and together already. I'm really scared and don't know what to do.
so it's like fight club
This is very educational! Having hallucinations as real as the person in front of you is so hard. The confusion must be constant. Mental illness awareness helps a lot of people.
Tree: "I'm gonna fall on you and kill you" Me: "no"
I hate when ppl with schizophrenia and DID are shown as violent when they're experiencing things that are scary to them. ):
Anthony pls come back to slosh dude it isn’t the same I don’t enjoy it as much anymore y’all use to be so funny and enjoyable to watch now it isn’t it’s just sad pls Anthony
My heart goes out to them, that has to be so frustrating and sometimes terrifying to have hallucinations like that. Technology seems to have been a wonderful tool for the one gentleman. It's so very important to get a diagnosis when dealing with something like schizophrenia and schizo effective disorder. It not only helps the individual dealing with it, but also their social circle as well. When my sons father started hallucinating his dead wife, he finally got help and medication and it helped him immensely and helped his relationships as well. Unfortunately, he didnt have insurance and no longer had medication, I believe his gf pushed him to the edge and we lost him to suicide a bit over a year ago. Its soooooo important to reach out to a trusted loved one when you're having a hard time. I send them all nothing but light, love, and positivity. I pray that we all reach out to each other, love one another and treat others the way you wish others to treat you.
i really want him to do a video with people with bipolar disorder. i think it would definitely help people understand it more
Oh geez.... I have severe anxiety and I can't imagine the things I'm scared of or think could be dangerous telling me they are. I absolutely agree that we need to talk about mental help more. It's getting better, I think, with more open discussions and a little bit more understanding. It could be better though. Also.... Wow it didn't relate to the phone... That's interesting. That makes me wonder if he does still see them in windows or something.
Please do people with akathisia! It is such a brutal condition that 99 percent have never heard about.
I’d love to see anthony interview diagnosed psychopaths
😜 🦾|       |       |    🦵🦿
i had a close friend pass away a year ago.she overdosed on sleep meds to try and drown out the voices.i appreciate this interview,it helps me understand a little better how vivid these illusions are.
ok but these peeps are so brave to be talking abt this and so strong.
Pls. Do an episode with trans individuals
I just have to say, I seriously and genuinely LOVE ANTHONY PADILLA!! I think this kind of content is IMPERATIVE AND EXTREMELY IMPORTANT FOR SOCIETY to shed light on many different disorders and mental health issues. I AM ALWAYS FLORED WITH ALL YOUR VIDEOS!! I 100% SUPPORT THIS CHANNEL!!! I also HAPPEN TO HAVE A BIG MOUTH!! AND HAVE TOLD SEVERAL FAMILY MEMBERS & FRIENDS TO SUBSCRIBE!!  SO ANTHONY CAN CONTINUE TO FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT!!!! GOD BLESS YOU ANTHONY!!!
I was diagnosed with Schizo at 7 and when I saw this I started crying in joy because I feel like I’m less alone.
Etika
Honest question why does it seem like all the hallucinations are mean/scary/seem like they're trying to hurt on the person? Are there hallucinations that are nice??
No masks still a badass
please do a "i spent a day with people with OCD" ❤️
Hey Anthony  Are you able to do an episode on dreams? I don’t know how to explain it but my dreams are so vivid and can continue the same dream like episodes of a show in different nights, recently from dreams I specifically remember from years ago, they continue in nights today so I was wondering if maybe you could speak to dream specialists or something?  Thank you I love yours series so much ❤️
Cecilia is a chameleon,  she is always changing her hair voice and looks
Thank you for this. My partner is on the schizophrenic spectrum (they're schizoaffective) and they said they wish that some people could be as understanding and empathetic as you.
This dude is so wholesome. How can anyone dislike this purity?
As someone with schizophrenia, I'm always scared when it's talked about it in big media, or somewhere that's gonna reach a lot of people, because 9 times out of 10 it's always in a bad way, like the news ALWAYS, that's why I'm so scared for people to like know or find out I have it, because I fear people will just know the bad stuff that the news craps out and judge me based on that.
I would like hear about adhd next plz  Cause I have and would love for people to learn more about it thank you .
I love these episodes so much and I also love how Anthony is so respectful. Honestly a very humble and respectful guy! Keep up the good work!
I could listen to cecelia’s voice all day long and after
OMG YES THE GUY FROM TIKTOK I WAS HOPING YOU'D INCLUDE HIM
Omg I can’t even imagine hallucinating spooky clowns and spiders regularly. Here I am with anxiety, adhd, and depression..but if I saw GIANT SPIDERS too??? I’d constantly be having panic attacks 😳
dominican❤️🤍💙
Y,know Anthony said he left smash because of lack of creativity, but he does the same type of thing on his channel
How do you exercise your demons? Do they like a treadmill or free running better? Cause personally mine could definitely use some exercise. Also I love Kodys videos/TikToks.
Have you done hyperthymesia?
Can you interview people with anti-social personality disorder?
Alsoooo, I dunno if you will do depression or anxiety as a topic, since it’s pretty well known and common; but I would LOVE to see you do it if you choose to, so I can try again to be a part of your videos. ^^ Love you, Anthony. This series is so amazing, and continues to grow better and better with time.
Has he done one on deaf/Hoh people? That would be really cool for me personally since I am a deaf person :D
You said it again “finger tits” @ 10:30.
Anthony you need to subscribe to smash because they are subbed to you
ANTHONY! You should interview victims of gun violence who escaped death / or people who have had near death experience / or people who have seen the afterlife. My boyfriend was shot when he was 21 and all of his vital organs were hit. Somehow he survived and he had an afterlife experience. His story is so inspiring and I wish the world could hear it!
Cecelia especially is incredibly eloquent, wow. Thanks guys!
I would have liked a tw for the spiders because i have aracnophobia and this really gave me a hard time so... :\\
I've seen Cecelia a few times online now between her TED talk and SBSK and every time I see her she seems to be doing better and better and be happier. I'm really happy for her embracing who she is and being brave enough to be honest to the world. It definitely helps break down the negative stigma.
please interview transplant recipients!
This is an excellent episode. Thank you for creating these
My dream is to become an experimental psychologist, and this series has helped me see more into the world of mental illnesses. I promise that I will do everything I can to make people be aware of mental illnesses and how people that have them are still people. I love y’all stay safe and remember to respect everyone. ❤️
My uncle has schizophrenia, this makes me feel better and to learn a bit more about it
dealing with this has been very isolating so if anyone out there sees this & wants to chat about anything pls feel free @shoujoirl on instagram
hey anthony!! i think itd be super cool if you did an 'i spent a day with nonbinary people'!! love your channel!
Your videos have made me a more empathetic and non-judgemental person. They have taught me to try and understand someone before mocking them. These videos are the anti-thesis to meme and cancel culture.
I feel embarrassed because I turned this video off because I feel kinda scared of starting to see and hear hallucinations right now, and it's literally night so it's even scarier. I already have vegetative dystonia and stress induced headaches so I kinda got spooked. But I returned to this video because I want to say that I'm not afraid of these people, but I'm really scared of this happening to me, but at the same time I really admire these people and I wish them the best of luck!!!
Here comes trisha
Holy shit no. I cant i did drugs and it made me have this before. U beilve its real
I refuse to believe that those hallucinations are just hallucinations
You should interview potheads next.
Mr.blob was secretly gay and trying to get out of the closet ...
I wonder if Anthony can do a interview about people who shift reality’s
Anthony would it be possible you could spend a day with people who are in witch craft? I’m really curious about it but overwhelmed by it. Anyways I love your videos! 💕
Anthony, thanks so much for doing this series. I have learned a lot about topics and experiences that I otherwise would probably have no interest in diving deeper into. I would also like to thank you for being very respectful and non judgmental to everyone you interview and their stories no matter how bad they are. One topic that I would like to see you cover potentially in the future is ADHD which is something that I personally struggle with and feel like it is super misunderstood. I'm glad you did this video about Schizophrenia and this is the reason why I'm writing my comment asking you to maybe consider doing a "I spent a day with" about ADHD because some people tend to confuse it w/ Schizophrenia (mainly cause ADHD can cause hallucinations sometimes even when being treated)  and/or Anxiety (since many symptoms between ADHD and anxiety overlap). Not only that but also because there are way too many people that are like "oh your kid isn't paying attention in class therefore they have AD(H)D" when it isn't the case. And also there are a lot of emotional issues that come with that disorder that aren't really talked about in media and/or just not well known since people just think of this as a person with a lot of energy that can't focus correctly.
You should make a video "spending a day with people who have social anxiety." Up until my social anxiety became severe, I NEVER understand what people who have social anxiety go through. Anxiety affects my life every single day, and I feel like people don't understand the weight it has.
Anthony can you please interview people with panic disorder like you and me. I think it would help alot of people feel not so alone even though it is the most common mental illness. We really don't see it that way even when thousands also suffer.
Can you spend a day with people with OCD?
I haven’t been diagnosed, but ever since I was little I have constant visual and audio hallucinations (I have been diagnosed with PTSD and OCD) and my parents don’t believe that I have it. Instead they just tell me I’m psychic. I’m not sure what I should do
Did anyone else kinda get terrified watching this?
Another idea could be I spend the day with intersex people
I had to rewind this because I thought I was hearing things  wrong when I heard fingertits 😅
I saw Cecilia in SBSK 3 years ago! I almost didnt recognize her! she looks good and happy! Im happy for her :)
Kodys delusion about being in a coma ... Reminded me of Inception. The wife killed herself believing she was still in a layer of sleep and couldn't recognize reality anymore. I don't know how he survived & figured it out. I don't think I would have... My mind already scares me.. I can't imagine dealing with  this :(( I think schiz is a very amplified person. I've seen things as an adult just be cause I had a random thought & it manifested itself and triggered my anxiety...I could see it. But it was like seeing a projection .. it wasn't solid. And this has happen several times. So now I have a hard time going in a pool :/
Anthony please add closed captions. Auto generated are wild
Can you pls do a spending the day with epileptics next?
My mom has it and I’m lucky that she hasn’t gave up yet cause it’s hard
Do a video about people with PKD Polycystic
nah those spider videos were NOT necessary Anthony please
Woooow I learned a lot in this episode. Thank you Anthony for contacting these people who are making themselves vulnerable for us to learn.
It always makes me sad, when people on this platform tell that they're scared to talk about their diagnoses/experiences, because they know a part of society is going to think they're crazy or something like that. Luckily Antony creates a save environment for them to tell their story!
I cant watch this
In no way I'm trying to relate myself to their experience but I just wanted share this..I've ADHD I was diagnosed when I was in 5th standard but my dad and my family didn’t really care.. like they wanted the doctors to tell them I'm crazy or something lol...I've always been told that everyones brain is the exact same it just depends on how hard you work and I was over here like sis? I'm working 10 times harder??? I was and am still told that I'm just inattentive or careless stuff like that...I tried to end myself several times...I always thought theres something wrong with me...still when I tell my family that I need help and how everything is going out of control they tell me its all in my head... It's all bcz mental or neurological problems are not discussed in our society
You should do night terrors next
I’m pretty sure I’ve seen Cecilia on a ted talk!
I have a fear of developing schizophrenia I know it sounds really dumb but when I'm depressed I start having delusions and derealization symptoms which make me anxious and start having intrusive thoughts which is actually a new thing, I'm used to it but like yk is that a normal fear?
I don't have schizophrenia, but do sometimes have hypnopompic hallucinations. Which are hallucinations upon waking up, they feel very real and scary.
i wanna see someone post smth like, “I SPENT A DAY WITH ANTHONY PADILLA, this is what happens” ahahahahha
My granddad passed away (due to a stroke from smoking too much) a few years ago and had schizophrenia and a lot of people didn’t like him because he would talk to himself, he would scream at the tv and when he got really bad, he would stare at people. I have to admit, he was never violent but he was the most kindest man you would ever meet.  A lot of people think that schizophrenic people aren’t capable of love, aren’t compassionate. Yes they find it hard, but they do show empathy. My granddad was the most loving person out there, he was always there for me when I needed him. Yes he got sectioned, but he was still loving.  Please take off that stigma that schizophrenic aren’t loving, are abusive. They are not! They just need help.  My granddad brought me up and I miss him everyday.
Loved this!  What excellent advocates for people with Schizophrenia!
Watching this, I can't help but think about the Joker movie.
this was really surprising to me that no one featured on this episode discussed anything about their medication. for years I've been taught in education that it's simply not good enough- that medication takes a while to work and when it does it has horrible side effects so people stop taking them. I wonder if people with schizophrenia share this view?
Schizophrenia like Personality Disorder  is often the result of reaching the breaking point of Emotional Trauma!
My mom was diagnosed with schizophrenia.. And I'm from India where people don't even care about any kind of mental health.. I didn't know what my mom felt.. I never asked.. All my teen years was just my mom yelling at me and everyone around.. Everyone hated her and I felt so helpless.. She was all I had.. And it felt like I lost her.. She even said I'm not her daughter.. Later she was admitted to a mental hospital and they treat the patient so badly.. It hurted to see.. I was not educated about the illness.. Nobody did.. She was so weak after medication.. Now she won't respond normally.. I always blamed my fate for everything.. My mom probably had gone through worse than that.. Thank you for giving me more perspective about this..
My mom has schizophrenia and this lockdown has been a nightmare. She feels that people are throwing Covid-19 on her.   Thanks Anthony for giving these people a voice. God knows we need this to understand the people around us more. Thanks 💙
Oh boy, here I go crying again.
Can you do I spent a day with genderfluid people or more lgbtq+ episodes
I'm a bit ashamed to admit but before I watched this I thought of schizophrenia as its told in the movies. I'm really happy these people came out to talk about it i learned a lot and I hope i can continue to become more understanding😊
Celia has done a ted talk, and watching it was very powerful and informative. I encourage everyone to watch it as well!
Do you have a podcast?
Suggestion: I think it would be cool if you spent a day with Trypophobics. I have *severe* Trypophobia (sometimes I can’t look at my pours or the bumps on the wall) and I want to hear what other people have to say about it :D
It’s ironic because I have an appointment to see if I have schizophrenia soon
I'd love to see a video about people who have taken anabolic steroids/HGH
I can't imagine having hallucinations of horror clows.. That's such a nightmare
I love this series. It's so educational and it shows others perspectives👌
I've watched and read a lot of accounts and i admire their strength bc i know i def wouldn't have the capacity to deal with hallucinations and the trauma of not knowing what's real in terms of identity. I cannot imagine having your phobias come to life. Handling it and knowing when they need help is great. Glad that medication is so effective for it
I’m young-ish and I try to educate myself with your videos
Not sure if you have already a video similar to this but I hope you can create the "I spend a day with Nonbinary People!"
I love Cody! I’ve been following him on TikTok for a while now
Next up swatted victims
I have this too unfortunately, and it's mainly from when I was getting extreme stress, and what I heard was this voice, and it was so, so loud, it just hurt my ears so much, and it would say alot of bad stuff. It sounds like an unknown classmate, and still now, I don't know who this is. I remember hallucinations of this thing taking our things out of our house, and then I started screaming. I stopped and then I didn't see anything anymore. It's been saying stuff like how I could end it all so quickly, so why couldn't I just do it? Or, why don't you cut you arms?
Talk to people with Muscular Dystrophy that would be good to see as maybe it would help comfort other people with the condition to see you have a conversation with people who have Muscular Dystrophy because I've not seen many people talk about the condition and cause I live with Muscular Dystrophy myself so it would mean alot.
Wow...this is crazy... my childhood best friend has Schizophrenia and she thought her dad was part of the new world order and the “voices” told her to kill him.. that night she took the claw end of the hammer and beat his head in. Thank god he’s still alive and is doing very well. There’s just a bunch of odd stuff she did that lead up to that and I feel horrible that I didn’t see the signs and didn’t know how to help. I just thought she was weird..
knowing about all these types of people had made me realize that i should respect people more often thank you Anthony for this incredible show
I wish more men were sensitive and empathetic like him.
I SPENT A DAY WITH PEOPLE ABDUCTED BY ALIENS ... tht would b sick
Am i the only one who randomly gets thoughts like... what if I have schizophrenia and my entire life is fake.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteous. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Hey! I love this video (ik my pfp is...uh yeah i cant change it) If you haven't already could you maybe do "I spent a day with non-binary people" Or/and "I spent a day with transphobic people"  The transphobic one is cuz i wanna see how...stupid they basically am (sorry for saying that) and i wanna see their reasons...
Honestly i might have early symptoms.. I feel like telling my doctor next time I have an appointment but they're only really focused on my other illness at the moment
I used to have auditory hallucinations and in my 20's I started having visual ones as well whenever stressed or tired out. I always thought this was normal. And I still think it is. But this video makes me think maybe it's not as normal as I thought it was.
I feel like this episode wasn't as smooth as his other ones. Maybe all the stuff going on with his girlfriend is what's affecting him... But not gonna say that's for sure.
Please do ADHD
❤️ Watching this is like learning too..  Being open minded they are so brave
I hope one day he does a video on maladaptive daydreaming disorder !
Wow, thanks for this! It was extremely informative and I have learnt so much.
It’s so scary how they always hallucinate bad stuff
I am so glad I’m learning about people’s experiences and the fact I never really thought about how scary it could be to have reality conflict with a hallucination as Cecilia was saying.
a day with belle delphine??? 🤔🤔😁
What if schizophrenia is just people who actually see things that ARE there... and we don’t 👁🕳👁 I don’t understand how someone can feel pain by that it’s so weird. It’s like the brain makes this pain up. My uncle was schizophrenic and he worked at Hollywood with lights. He was stabbed by these demons surrounding him with spears. He was very religious, and when he read the Bible he saw the image.
can you do a video on selective mutism
Dude, what’s that behind you?
Plz do one on ADHD plz
please do one of these for people with adhd, it’s an extremely misunderstood neurodevelopmental disorder.
You should meet with people with ADHD, maybe. I have it and, uh, I can just say it's pretty difficult. I think you'd like to learn more about people like that.
Can you do a video of people with ADHD?
Its like these people are perfectly normal but are living as if theyre in a bad dream.  Others think theyre crazy but its just torturous delusions. To be honest if i lived life seeing clowns and hearing voices, seeing a girl that im scared of stabbing me, id probably freek out and nobody would believe me. I hope these people get better or at least live safely :((
this is so scary
What Jorge said deeply resonated with me. My elementary school best friend has all the symptoms of  Schizophrenia. He had a serious paranoia that someone killed his mom and it was his sole duty to find out who did it (his mom isn’t dead btw). In my country, no one really believes in mental illnesses. Whatever the metal issue is, they’ll blame it on paranormal activity. The devil, ghosts, being possessed etc. 😔 For years he suffered and been in a lot of horrible situations because of it. He ended up killing his cousin because the voices told him to protect himself and now he is in jail for life. He never got help. Never even got a diagnosis because our country don’t have doctors for these types of metal issues.
Thanks to everyone who was willing to open up about their life and thank you Anthony for being so kind and understanding to all of your guests
I’ve followed kody on TikTok for awhile now and he’s such a genuinely nice and caring guy!
I dont always comment on YT. But mannn Anthony, you are such a good interviewer. I really appreciate you doing these episodes. Hope you gain more following and keep safe always. 💛
Oh so auditory hallucinations aren’t normal?? Shit
13:44 this man just end schizophrenia's whole career.. Best wishes for everyone in the episode <3
we think my mom had undiagnosed Schizophrenia she was very paranoid and was always seeing things for the last 2 years of her life We tried to get her help but with no luck... she committed suicide May 27 2020
I've actually have had a hypo manic episode. I think thats the right one. It was the longer lasting kind that lasted about a week. I'm really glad that was mentioned I'd like to learn more about manic and hypo manic episodes. There's more detail to my one experience I had, but I don't feel like sharing publically. :)
I have been waiting for this, my sister is diagnosed with schizophrenia. I wanna understand her better
I don't mean to discredit this video, but either these people have not given their true experience with schizophrenia, or they don't have it that bad. This video could have been much more informative. There is much more struggle. I have a friend with the disease, and there are so many more scary experience s that are very much stigmatized. Also, since covid, many people suffering with it have to deal with  it without any help.
Antony: giant spiders, Me: WTF WAS THAT SPIDER YOU JUST SHOWED ME
Could you do Bipolar disorder?
YES THE SPIDERS !!! i see just general bugs, all the time, but like i go to squish it AND IT WONT SQUISH it annoys me so much .. SO MUUUUCCCHHHH !!! LIKE ERH , i was diagnosed really reeealllly early in life like 6 ? or early 7 year old ? ish ??  but i still sometimes struggle with it  ( i see and ear other things too, and have other triggers, but the bugs are the worst )
I love that you are willing to cover heavy topics in such a respectful way. I would love for you to do an episode on rape survivors, and I would be more than happy to lend my story. I think there are a lot of things people don't think about in protecting themselves and a lot that people can learn from other's experiences.
Thank you, I've been waiting for this one ❤
I would love to see an episode with people who have misophonia.  It's such an odd disorder on such a massive spectrum that can be absolutely debilitating.
you should a video with ppl with eating disorders. you've talked and dealt with with these serious disorders so respectfully, i feel like you would be a great voice for helping people educate people on eating disorders.
If possible, you should do an “I spent a day with MENTAL HEALTH WORKERS” video. I work in a PRTF unit, or psychiatric residential treatment facility; a long term mental health treatment center for teens and adolescents. I also suffer from depression and anxiety. Every day is a different experience, working with kids who suffer from trauma to adhd to eating disorders to bipolar to behavioral to trafficking victims to mania to med management and beyond. I recently had to take a medical leave of absence due to compassion fatigue and burnout, but I was able to take care of myself and get back to work. It’s hard work, but the results make it worth it every time
Loving all the sbsk peeps on this show 🖤🖤 thank you both for bringing these peoples lives to light
Anthony is so well spoken and thoughtful :)
I spent a day with people that have adhd              I want to see that (Is they already made it pls link it I wanna watch it-)
i hope he does one on ADHD because i would totally participate 🥺
Jorge talking about Etika broke me. i’m so happy he brought it up because even after it happened nobody was still talking about mental health as much as they should’ve
I feel like teachers should take some time to showcase some of your videos to the class cause this kind of stuff is really informational
Can we get an adhd episode🥰 i volunteer as tribute
10:48 thought it was in my head haha
Schizophrenic hippie aka one of the most down to earth epic people on the planet Cody and his wife Allison have helped me with my schizophrenia so much.   Love you guys
My Girlfriend is a CPS worker. She said you should interview one of them. Their voices are never heard. She volunteers as tribute.
15 years.  (Also sorry if you didn’t want to hear that)
Got 5:00 in and decided, you know what? Imma come back and watch this tomorrow morning rather than at 1am 😅
Spend a day with fastest eaters or people who loves spicy food
Heads up that there is a really brief clip of one of those 'schizophrenia simulations' during this video and if you have headphones on the mock auditory hallucinations could make you anxious/have a panic attack (it did for me at least). Also there are a few clips of spiders which could freak people out.
You need to interview cat ladies or people who own tons of pets to find out why they own so many
Can you do one with people who stutter? I would like to learn about it from other points of view.
I've first learned about this mental illness when I watched black swan. Great movie.
Always love your videos, Anthony! You do an amazing job with these interviews and allowing the people you feature to express themselves in an authentic, candid way.   I was wondering if you might be interested in doing a video on PTSD and CPTSD, perhaps comparing and contrasting the two? There is still a significant amount of stigma surrounding CPTSD because it is a commonly misunderstood disorder. In a nutshell, CPTSD results from repeated trauma experienced over an extensive period of time, rather than a singular traumatic event (wherein PTSD develops).   It can be extremely difficult for those suffering from CPTSD, as well as therapists, to distinguish the symptoms from other trauma-related disorders such as PTSD, Borderline Personality Disorder, and Bipolar Disorder. As a result, patients with CPTSD are often misdiagnosed and overlooked.   I think this would be a really interesting topic to explore, as well as one that deserves more attention in general. It would also resonate with me on a personal level, since I have recently been diagnosed with CPTSD. Anyway, thanks to anyone who took the time to read all this :) <3
You should do I spent a day with teenagers that support their family. I’d love to be on that episode and I really think it would be great for other teenagers that are going through the same thing to hear other peoples stories. Because I’ve never met another teenager that is in the same position as me. And it feels so alone. Love you Anthony! Loved this video ❤️
I would love if you did a video with north korean defectors. The past weeks I watched many videos by yeonmi park and i think this topic is so important and just heartbreaking
No one: Not even jk cutely cheating: Me as a fiLiPinO wattpadian:  Y-Ysay?
Scritsofrenia seems so scary If i had it i would be super scared like wow
Could you please do an I spent a day with people w/face blindness (Prosopagnosia)
can you do people who have done lsd dmt Peyote and shrooms or other psychedelics
This whole series is just getting better and better. These past few videos have been so damn insightful and so important. Thanks to Anthony for doing this! I can't believe the interview series started off as a sort of joke and has grown into a proper in depth discussion. So good.
Can you talk with people with ADHD
So I have a story, last year i had to go to the hospital for my depression and anxiety and there was this girl named Ariel, that was my roommate in the hospital and she did have schizophrenia and depression, but she was a good person and didn't let it bring her down and i looked up to her for that and after a few days of being friends she told me this and I've never met anyone that had it, I know what it is and what it does to people, but honestly my first thought was whoa that's cool, I'm sorry if that is offensive but that's what i thought so I told her that and she seemed happy that I was accepting her and she told me about her life and I told her mine and we because best friends. We had these like classes during the day and during the night or break time I would ask her if she's seen anything and she would tell me about it and I would be positive about it and we would joke about it to make her feel more better and she was there for me too, when I would have my panic attacks she would hug me, even tho she wasn't aloud to and told me It's ok and tells me what I need to hear, I was there for her and she was there for me. We were there for week but I felt like I knew her forever and sadly she didn't have a phone and her parents were really strict. I have never forgotten her and I miss her everyday, she was the best person I have ever met, even with her difference, so no matter what their differences, it's their personality that counts
I can’t believe Anthony turned from tomahawk to this
Can you please do a eating disorder with women and men to listen to their experiences and learn more about all the types of eating disorders.
Anthony, you should do "I spent a day with trans people" as a trans person myself I'd love to see your interpretation and support 🥺👉👈
I have very minor schizophrenia I hear voices occasionally and it sounds like someone calling my name or occasionally looking at something and it's not there other than that I'm fine
Just want to send some love to all the people sharing. Thanks so much from all of us!
I definitely should not have watched this while I'm home alone...… but yall are so brave having to go through this❤❤
Holy shit, that sounds awful. Thank you for sharing. Anthony is one of the best things on YouTube right now, valuable content.
The lady seeing that figure coming out of the closet- I fudge just hearing her say that made me feel so anxious akksakznmzm
Thank you Anthony for starting this series and making videos to bring awareness to different things that people experience that is not widely known. Videos like yours is what makes YouTube important and the fact that it’s you, part of the first YouTube channel I followed, makes it come full circle imo.
I don’t know why I barely came across this series but I admire you so much for having these videos dedicated to all different types of people to educate others. I also love how you functioned so well to COVID & made it look so much better and have it not awkward at all, better than these tv show hosts
I like how every time he explores a certain topic he brings on minor and major ends of the spectrum of what he’s discussing, it’s a great way of showing people that it’s not always scary, it can be, but it’s not always. And I think that’s so amazing, so thank you!
The soundtrack on this video was very good. With my headset it felt like I was hearing something knocking a few rooms down in my house and I kept thinking to myself 'well this is really coincidental that I am watching this video and hearing that'. Very well thought out.
could you spend a day with adoptees, as someone who is adopted, many people misunderstood why people are adopted and how it works and stuff like that
Social anxiety would be good, no one talks about it, the debilitating type. People think its only shyness
Great work, Cecilia. I wish this didn't show the hallucinations! But Cecilia rules.
If you like Cecilia: SEE HER TEDTALK “I’m not a monster: schizophrenia” :)
Wow, I love learning about this so much. It’s so fascinating to see other people’s reality’s and experiences.   If anyone in this video is reading this, You’re doing great and everyone is so lucky to be further educated. ❤️❤️
please dont put the background pics and videos it literally gets me so scared istg
I was taught how to describe my issues to avoid getting  Schizophrenia as my  Diagnosis....  yea family.
We always talk about how good at this Anthony is, but like, he REALLY is. He's not only super respectful and open-minded, (which should be normal human behavior and should be normalized, not something to be amazed at) but he also knows perfectly how to be completely serious about something, yet still realize when it's okay to laugh or joke around to make his guests feel comfortable and not like they are in a test to just answer questions because they aren't humans that can talk about their situation or that they are victims to feel pity for. It makes them feel like they're just talking to a friend, but while still maintaining the respectful boundaries of interviewer-interviewed. And so it doesn't feel like a making fun of type of video, it still feels like a very serious interview about a very serious topic, but it isn't boring or uncomfortable for the guests and the viewers. It makes the interviewed there look like real people who just happen to be talking about an aspect in their life, and not just >the schizophrenic< or any other thing.
I wonder why schizophrenia is always hallucinations and delusions of nightmarish things. I wish they were able to hallucinate magical,  amazing,  happy things
Would you consider talking to sociopaths? That's the only disorder that I view as dangerous and I want to be proved wrong.
Please do one on body dysmorphia, Anthony!
My ex from high school was diagnosed with schizophrenia. I loved him and then he started becoming too violent around me and I felt scared. I regret leaving. He needed my help.
PLEASE DO BORDERLINE NEXT PLEASE!!!
I really appreciate this Anthony. A lot of my family has schizophrenia and I am still in the age range for it to develop. I love that you are helping spread awareness. ❤
you need to fix that description .-.
I deeply apologize if this comes off rude or degrading to either disorder I am just genuinely curious, is schizophrenia comparable to DID? Or are they unrelated completely? In my mind, it seems sort of similar just based off what I have read and what I understand of them both, but i would like to know more! And if this is rude to ask please let me know and I will take this comment down
So so much love for all of you 💚💚💚
so do they count the abbreviation as a slur? there was a song on tik tok that everyone got upset at for using that word, but there were also a lot saying it wasn't. just asking so i know not to use it :)
Would love to see episodes on: - people who hoard - people with eating disorders - the opioid crisis/ people who are addicted to opioids
THISS WAS SO HELPFUL OMG
1 day ago absolutely
10:29 'finger tits'
This video terrified me. I didn't realize how close to schizophrenia I was... I've just been thinking "that's obviously not there" or "I'm not hearing that" just because I know that its not there its crazy that I just let this be normal. I just chalked it up to my mind playing tricks on me.   Sometimes  I off handly confirm with someone to see if something was real and I would often drag my mom or dad to my room to look at the giant bugs that I clearly saw and they didn't as a child.  There was a blob in my TV. That if I started too long would take shape.  Even now I constantly see a dog and when I observe that its not my actual dog, I dismissed it. I would just look away. Or blare my music so loud I couldn't hear any weird noises or voices that no one else could hear.  I didn't even realize how big of a space it took in my life.  Thank you for the information this helped a lot and I will be looking into this more.
Anthony is the best friend everyone needs! Also thank you to all the speakers for telling us about their lives and educating people on the subject. I love this series and am so happy it exists
Or polyglots
Idk where suggestions go, prolly not here, but do something where you meet with interpreters
ily
A video spending a day with sociopaths would be dope
...
I LOVE THESE VIDEOS
This is what can happen when the third eye is open, but spiritual protection amiss. Enhanced perception of reality is not a sickness, but one needs to learn how to deal with such responsibility. Any "extrasensory" gift holds great potential value.
I believe I was born with schophrenia. The first memories I have are of hallucinations. I also have DID. (Disassociative Identify Disorder.) And Borderline Personality Disorder. And all kinds of other things.  Plus my physical conditions. I have sever chronic pain so when a hallucination is attacking me or hurting me I can feel it. I always hallucinate really bad at night. So I used to sleep with my cat in my arms to ground me. But he passed recently. So I don't have that grounding at night. 😓😓
Hi Anthony! It would be interesting to see a video with ppl who have different BFRB’s. These behaviours are more common than people would know and might help make things clear to people who don’t know they have it. 🙂 Great job as usual!
I wonder how many wholes are there in that studio's ceiling 😂
You should do "spent a day with equestrians" that would be so cool!!!!
Please do a video about Eating Disorders!
First of all, thank you for making this video!!!!    I'm so glad you brought this up, because Schizophrenia is something that I feel people need to learn more about❤ My mum got diagnosed with schizophrenia approximately 6 years ago. I was around 10 when she started to become really sick, but I didn't know what to believe. She told me she was completely fine, but I could tell something was off. She'd randomly go outside, talk to herself, nod, pick up sticks, lay on the grass etc. She still does some of those things, but it's definitely better now than it was a couple of years ago. She had to be in a mental hospital for 2 months, where she got medical help, but she has never "admitted" she's sick.  It's really difficult dealing with it. To me, it's the fact that she'll never be what she used to be, that really breaks my heart. I have dreams about her "normal" self sometimes, and I cry when I wake up. It sucks, but she's still my mum. She's human, just like everyone else.  Schizophrenia is a very misunderstood illness, but having someone close to me diagnosed with it, makes me able to have a different perspective on mental health issues and how to handle people dealing with them!! This video really shows the individuality of it. Schizophrenia is really complex since everyone's minds are different (past experiences, trauma, relationships etc) but I think you did a great job on finding people who differ from each other:))💕
You should do people with sleep paralysis next
I don't have schizophrenia, but I have had visual hallucinations, and paranoia, so a lit of what they are talking about is so relatable. Especially the 'I'm not going to try and throw down with a demon.' Comment. A lot of my hallucinations were demons, or dark spirits, and like, no I'm not going to try to beat up the supernatural entity I'm so afraid of I refuse to sleep at night.
Lol
Me: *has Schizophrenia* Also me: *hears a 15 year old* 15 Year old: You will never reach the truth.
One of the things I love about these kinds of videos is that it makes me feel like things are going to be ok no matter what obstacles will get thrown at you. Sometimes i worry about bad things that could occur in the future (I'm sure we all do), but its really soothing to see others live through some of the most frightening situations and still be ok
Please do OCD
Hi Anthony I love your content! I wanted to suggest you to do a video about Maladaptive Daydreaming Disorder
This was very important, my fiance has schizophrenia and this helped us both understand it better
another great episode
Could you please do a video about Autism spectrum disorder 😊
This series really has help many people and has help on spreading awareness. I am so grateful for this ❤️
You should do a video with people with ADHD.  It's not anything like what people perceive it to be!
rest in peace ettika <3 that made me cry.. i was so am still so mad of how many people thought he was trolling. he was only sometimes trolling, he could scream for help and it would be seen as a joke. youre all so amazing for talking about this, thank you
I'm trying to figure out if i am or am just empathetic so much that i make myself bealive my imagination. But that is when i force it. I had a reall halucination when i was 10, it was a shadow attacking. Delusions i have them as well but i can snap out of them quite alright. And at that time i was already stresed when it happened. I'm still young and didnt have other so reall halucinations. And i don't want to acknowledge being schizofrenic, just because i'm so empathetic i could be making myself bealive i have it, when not or i could worsen my condition. All my other halucinacions were me imaginating something and puting it in reall life with me knowing i'm doing it. Basic imagination. So idk. And if i actualy am, then at early stage that i don't think even doctors would acknowledge. Lmao so many red lines srry im not native.
I've had Schizophrenic episodes they were horrible
This was very informative and helpful. Thankyou for doing this series. Can you possibly sit down with people who have maladaptive daydreaming disorder? It would be super helpful.
Wow, I didn’t know about Etika. He reminds me of my brother who died 4 years ago. I was embarrassed of him. I feel so guilty. I was dealing with addiction so I try and be gracious with myself, but I still feel guilty.
My brother has delusions and whispering.  Music helps him. He has helped me understand alot more. He has a heart of gold. I hate ppl think its a big evil thing. I love this video to prove they're human too and not evil 💜❣
wow the girl looked sooo tired.... so brave ppl, truly a inspiration
Not a person with schizophrenia but I am a person who has had visual hallucinations and this was very interesting and helpful for the world to know. Also something Cecilia said mde me wonder are there any books for children about psychosis or schizophrenia? Or mental health in general?
Please can you do one on people with Bipolar. I've just been diagnosed at 26 and really want to hear form other peoples experiences so I can learn to cope
I've been dealing with depression for 7 years, I have been diagnosed only 2 years ago and finally got medication. I'm doing really well now but I feel scared to tell people about it because I know a lot of them will judge me before knowing more about me and it SUCKS...
I cannot thank you enough for doing this video. I grew up with my mum suffering from Psychosis, it was beyond traumatic. I lived for 10 years in a house, rarely leaving the housewith someone who believed everyone was trying to kill us. The medical help has been awful, so I’m learning more and more to be able to help her. She doesn’t believe she has anything wrong. Currently it’s the worst it has been (heightened by lockdown). Hearing the experiences of others, is giving me the insight I need to be able to support her. You are doing amazing work, thank you ❤️
they are all so pure
ain’t no way i’m gonna throw down with a demon
I follow Cody on Tik tok!
THANK YOU JORGE, CECILIA, and KODY YOU GUYS ARE INCREDIBLE
You should do depression or mentally disabled which i have and has to deal with my girlfriend has huntingtons diease. Her struggles are real and hard to deal with. And mine each day
Anntony if people think is real what abaut gamer are day real or fake
Anthony, you're literally changing the world for the better with this series, thank you so so much. The way it's edited is entertaining and captivating, yet the information packed inside is so vital and valuable for people to know. I'm a psychology major student, and I have a close friend with schizophrenia. It's really incredibly misunderstood in society, especially where we live, starting from the way it's constantly mentioned in our classes as an example for pretty much everything, and ending with the difficult journey of self–understanding that my friend went through. From an outside perspective, it was very difficult not knowing how to help other than give him contacts of qualified professionals; especially when he received the diagnosis, but couldn't accept or come to terms with it, saying "I have the worst disorder in history". It took a lot of time. (He has now successfully found medication that works for him and is doing very well) I'm glad everything settled. Thank you for contributing to ending the stigma
You should do a video on Other Specified Dissociative Disorder! I have OSDD and know others who have it, I think the difference between OSDD and DID is really fascinating and we barely get any representation at all in the media, it'd be so cool to see you cover it!
I think it's a funny idea that when talking about schizophrenia Anthony is just talking to himself like there was someone there
My mother & father both have schizophrenia, they met in a hospital, I was taken away at birth as my mother can be quite violent, my father is not really good at looking after himself and has been living in assisted living for the majority of his life(they are in their 60s now). I am glad there are those out there with the disorder that can have a somewhat normal life but this isn't the case for everyone. My mother is still violent on a regular basis, my father is pretty jumbled with his speech and its hard to follow a conversation. My mother and father both rely like Jorge on lots of sounds to drown out the voices. I worry that my younger brother is developing symptoms(that's right they had another child, who also was put into adoption, we didn't grow up in the same family), although I have suggested this he is sure he doesn't need help. I myself am in therapy for anxiety & depression but given what my family's mental health history is, my therapist is always looking out for things out of the ordinary. I really appreciate this episode in particular to know what it can be like for some people with the disorder, I´ve never been able to understand from my parents. Thank you Anthony. Mental health education is as important as physical health.
Wait, is that Cecilia from SBSK? I recognized that thing she said about hallucinations interacting with real life, and I think it's her haha
This is so cool! Could you also mabye do a episode about people who identify as non-binair?
I hope someday he will talk to detectives/investigator that would be awesome!!!
My grandma knew a guy who had schizophrenia  He said he was an undercover agent and to listen to the right voice not the left voice
Anthony, please interview game developers in big companies
Well if you're dealing with anxiety depression and panic attack deym. It's the worst . Im waiting for episode talking with person dealing with anxiety , depression and panic attacks.
Come back for Smosh’s 15th anniversary please!!!!!
I would love to see Melissa Ong/chunkysdead in an episode about bipolar disorder.
this is really freaky, I got some simptons when I was drowning into deep depression for too long. fortunately I got better by myself without medication but I got chills just remembering the possibility
As someone with Schizoaffective and Borderline Personality Disorder thank you for this. Just..thank you.
*Trisha paytas has entered the chat*
Can hear about or reading about someones hallucinations trigger or bring about your own hallucinations  for example she mentioned she hallucinated spiders could someone who doesnt normally hallucinate spiders  now begin to hallucinate spiders? Sorry if this is triggering  or offensive  in anyway just wanted to know
I used to have the audible voices from 2012 to 2016 when I was in a very stressed and depressed time. the voices can be super accurate to a situation too, like you will hear it coming from a specific room or place in the correct way it would sound. Also the whispers or inside voices, they would say things not just invetween your thoughts but on top of your thoughts and that freaked me out because that’s when I started believing it wasn’t just me being schizo since it was really odd to hear two words or sentences in two complete different voices in my mind layered and understandable. Oh I also thought I was being watched by everyone in my life like if it was a secret tv show.  It went away after I learned to not be paranoid all the time and moved away from my old life. And stoped smoking pot and drinking as well. I felt like the alcohol was making my gut suffer and was not getting vitamins in my system, I took a blood test and I was deficient in vitamin D witch caused paranoia, I tried d2 but it gave me a panic attack but D3 works. Good luck to anyone out there living with this
Next episode. I spent a day with drug addicts.
This is such a beautiful, eye-opening episode. Thank you! ❤️
Weird how the audio seems better with the two that don't have a microphone lol.
23:02 i know he referenced eric andre, i know he did
I love that you validated them and their feelings
I had such a hard time watching the video because of the clowns... i can't sleep anymore and it's 3h40 in the morning 😬
Very interesting interview, as always, Anthony! As you talked a lot about mania in this episode, I would really like if you could interview people with Bipolar disorders one day. That'd be amazing!
You should do one for OCD! 💙
All three of these people are so incredibly articulate and do an excellent job to explain their experiences in such detail I got goosebumps. Round of applause 👏 to these guests 👏 🙌 👌
I remember in like, elementary school, I would make up characters and I'd talk to them instead of other people. Some people said it was just a phase and childish stuff, but they never really went away. My characters were most often kind to me though, so I never brought it up with anyone, I just kept it all in, until one day in middle school after my grandpa died, and there was a new voice that said I was a waste of space and that I was a terrible person for not being more upset about his death(I was grieving for a few months after his death). Although Van[the bad guy] was trying to make me more upset, he did teach me to value the lives of others more, and I'm very grateful that I don't have hallucinations of demons or monsters, and just friends. I'm not sure how I would diagnose this, I've been diagnosed with ASD and anxiety, and they've pretty much ruled out a schizophrenia diagnosis, but hearing all of this makes me question it all.
This made me feel so many things and literally made me cry. I'm so happy that you're doing this. My aunt has schizophrenia too and it just hits home so much because she wasn't able to function "normally" after one of her episodes.
anthony’s comment sections make me feel safe
I would like for you to interview people with ADHD or ADD. Please and thank you!
He asks such invasive questions but remains so respectful and supportive and tries to understand the best he can. These videos are so important. Thank-you to the guests and Anthony for educating!
For my mum there's a lot of trauma that has resulted from her sister who has schizophrenia, from abuse and stuff. So I grew up with a bit of stigma around schizophrenia. And now I'm seeing a psychologist and it turns out I may have it. This video really helped me to understand more about other people who have it and get rid of some of that stigma
I feel bad for the girl seeing spiders. As a person with the phobia I would feel terrified and so uneasy everyday 😬
This was so moving.
Spend a day with service dog handlers????
Please talk about bipolar!
You should do OCD
I’m so happy about this video  I’m seriously sick of people thinking schizophrenic person are violent or crazy. The media keep reinforcing these stigma and every time someone it acting « « off » » people be like « omg he’s schizo » or « bruh haha you heard something and I didn’t? Are you schizophrenic or what lol »  This is not a joke, this is not an « insult » or a cursed therm.   Thank you Anthony and to the participant!
would you be able to do PTSD/CPTSD, as an 18 yr old with the disorder would mean a lot if you could as not may discuss the topic outside of veterans  love the series btw
I randomly hear things that aren't there but I think they are Am I scitzafrenic
It would be interesting if Anthony did a video about insomnia, I have really bad insomnia and would love to see how people deal with that
I wonder if someone could build a basic one-eye display that is fed through a camera so he always has the digital reference point. although I wouldn't be surprised if the brain adapted (similar to how wearing upside down glasses will eventually feel normal if worn long enough)
Hearing and seeing hallucinations is  already so bad but FEELING THEM?! Is so much worst
I have a tiny bit of schitsaphania
Fingertits
it is really hard to not listen to the voices and for me being alone is the worst, your reality is turned  upside down , ive seen shadow people or like dementor type creatures, watching this hard but its good to see people talking about it , I also suffer from being paranoid bout going outside but im working on that slowly
Good to see Cecilia in another video and her voice is very calming.
Wanted to know how often they experience symptoms, if it’s like a constant thing with occasional spikes, or more of a event to event thing.
Dude using the phone trick is fricking GENIUS
My dad is schizophrenic and this makes me so happy to see, my dad is an addict and doesn’t talk to me but to know the things that he’s gone through it helps me understand his world a little better.
please do an interview with viral reality tv fails. like from agt and american idol and x factor. like marry gilbeaux, abby and lisa, zoey alexander. those videos have like 100s of millions of views and they've all dropped off the planet since people would probably make fun of them. i wan to hear their side of the story!!
Absolutely love this series.
thank you for making it known that im not completely insane
The phone reality check is an amazing hack!
This sounds like one of the scariest illnesses in the world to have, i can't imagine. these people are so strong <3
14:36 is so important. This is why diagnoses are so important. People, don't self diagnose. You don't know if you can trust your own judgement. Go find proper help and don't give up. A proper and valid diagnosis is so important for your healing.
The phone thing is horrifying, put that in a movie
Imagine they get robbed and they just go back to sleep because they think it’s an hallucination
Thanks for being empathic also.... fingertits
I Constantly feel like I’m on a movie set like the people around me are just actors like that movie with Jim Cary but I felt that way before I saw the movie. Wondering if I should get that check out..
My uncle has schizophrenia. He's had it since he was 20 years old. He is one of the nicest people I know and one of the most generous. Growing up, I was extremely close to him. He now lives on his own, and generally choses to be by himself, except for when he goes to group once a week. What Kody said about schizophrenic people being more of a danger to themselves, than others is more than accurate. They are still people, and they still feel just like any other person. It can be such an isolating mental disorder, and I wish these kind of things were taught earlier on. If it wasn't for my prior experience with my uncle, and taking multitudes of psychology classes, especially abnormal psych, I would not have the knowledge I do now. I have a great amount of empathy for people that struggle with shizophrenia, because it can be terrifying. However, it isn't life ending.
jorge seems like such a nice person
Sadly my dad smokes a lot of weed daily. I study psychology and I've learned that smoking too much weed can trigger schizophrenia if its in you blood line. I found out recently that my great great grandmother had schizophrenia. My dad is showing a lot of symptoms of schizophrenia and I know that he will never go and get help.
How do i ask questions to the guest on the show? Is there like a special website?
I love how he's bringing awareness to misunderstood people with disabilities but I wish he started doing a little more of the funny interviews like the his videos. Like "I spent a day with flat earthers" and "I spent a day with time travelers".
After listen to this I feel that this disorder is related highly with the 5 sense but the sense of touch is the least affected by it.  Do they use the sense that they least affected by to test weather thing are real or fake?
Can you do Spending a day with Dyslexics? I'm dyslexic
The most awaited
All of these people look like they just want attention
You’re video are so pure and have the most beautiful community
I really appreciate seeing the reality of these disorders and the sort of normalcy you bring to it. I think it be kind of nice seeing people with eating disorders on here.... not that it’s nice having it, trust me I know I know, but it’d be nice seeing a person who is recovering and knowing that its okay and possible... also just learning all the different types of disorders.
Hey Anthony thanks a lot for this content. It's wonderful.
i don’t have schitzophrenia but as a person who struggles with psychosis, seeing these people advocating against the stigma of hallucinations just purely warms my heart, also THE best grounding techniques were said in this video.
I understand my sister much better after watching this....
20:10 even if that cry for help isn't in a way most typically do...((looks at pfp)).. poor buddy 🥺
Dude I love Kody
As someone who has to deal with psychosis every now and then I can only imagine how hard it is to ALWAYS having to deal with psychosis. I send my hugs and power to everyone out there who's dealing with psychosis, schizophrenia and other conditions that make life harder and distort reality. I've got DID, CPTSD, FND, CFS and psychosis when things get really bad and I know how crippling some things can get while trying to live a normal life. But it's possible and I'm glad that you've had some guests that are an example to all those other fellow schizophrenics out there that life can be liveable. <3
Holy smokes, that hallucination of talking to someone for 30 minutes only to find out they weren't real when he pulled out a camera literally gave me goosebumps.
I watch Kody on tik tok all the time! It was so cool to see him on here!
My mother is dealing with psychosis or psychotic break which for her, is exactly like paranoid schizophrenia.. I appreciate this video a lot
Im schizophrenic and im glad anthonypadilla made this video and hope helps others
214
I love Anthony's interviews because he really wants to engage and connect with his interviewees. I love how open-minded he is, and it's so different from the way that most people are engaging with people who are marginalised. I love them so much; they always make me cry. I wish people treated marginalised people with as much grace as Anthony does in his interviews. I don't know what he's like in real life, but it makes me really emotional how beautiful the genuine human connection is.
Thank you so much for doing bpd and schizophrenia
do an episode on bipolar disorder so i can be on this show lol
YAY I was hoping Kody would be on this!!
Anyone else think it’s a bad idea to teach kids about psychosis?
Any chance y’all could do a Bipolar spectrum video? I myself have bipolar 1 and I would love for y’all to bring some awareness to it as well.
WHERE IS " I maid a mistake " ???????
i really wanna see “i spent a day with recovering addicts”
You should do people with eating disorders (if you do it I would like to go on and tell people what it's like to have bulimia and body dysmorphia)
Can you do a video with people with ADHD please
What if you did one about bullying? Like with teens, so people know what others are going through. Or do one about depression or anxiety. I would want to know people are going through the same thing as me
Damn, that Etika talk from Jorge really kinda got me. I only just found out about Etika weeks before he took his own life, but even then his story still hurts.
Can you spend a day with blind people
was etika clinically diagnosed?
As someone battling with sever paranoia schizophrenia , videos like these mean so much i just wish i had the time to watch :(
I am only eleven  and sometimes I hear my dad saying my name. Do I have this condition? Halppp.
I just want Jorge to know we believe him and it is always okay to talk about your experiences, we are here to listen <3
Wow I haven’t heard from Cecilia in years, she’s grown so much:
kody briefly mentions pulling out his phone to see if a hallucination is real me whispering intensely: like in oculus...
- can you do a video on living with autism ?
anyone knows why so many hallucinations are related to violent, scary or bad things?
Please do a child cancer survivors, I’d be willing to talk about my cancer when i was 8
We love you Anthony Padilla! We left some comments on your d.i.d. video, we wanted to say thank you again especially for this video. Me (Lyra) and our host Liv, both have paranoid schizophrenia because our bodies mother and grandmother have it. We're the only alters in our system that have it but it SUCKS. We have SO much to deal with so you breaking down the stigma of this stuff is so much more helpful than you realize
My youngest son is 27 and was Dx with schizophrenia in 1/2019. I now realize he had signs in 2016. The voices have actually told him not to eat. He would eat fast and then just drop his fork and not eat anymore. I had to hospitalize him just last month for it. He talks and laughs all day to the voices or trips and jumps over animals that aren’t there. He has gotten drunk in the past a few times and talked to me over the shadow people he sees. They are the scariest to him. He calls them demons from Hell. My son also has delusions. My son also falls out of chairs or just falls back on the floor/ground. It really looks like someone is pushing him. My son lives at home with me and I so worry terrible for him. You see my step son was most likely schizoaffective and took his life on 10/26/2015. 💔 I really appreciate you doing this video and these three incredible people for sharing!
okay but like Anthony Padilla needs more hype for making these amazing vids:)
I dont have schizophrenia but I have trauma induced psychosis, it's so great to see others who know exactly what I go through.
Thank you everyone who came on this episode. An old friend of mine has schizophrenia and I saw what she went through when others found out. She got so judged for something she had no control over. This is spreading so much awareness! Anthony, you are changing the world.
Dear Anthony,  I saw you post a thing on your community page about doing this, and I got so excited. When I was younger, my sister (she was adopted as well as my brother and I are) was diagnosed with schizophrenia and multiple other mental health issues. As a result of the schizophrenic side of her, she would talk to herself and do other scary things (I mostly remember her talking to herself as I tried to sleep) I stilled loved her for who she is and didn't care about what problems she had. She was my best friend. Sadly, as of now she is no longer with us because her mental illness' got to intense for my family to handle, so she's in a mental hospital now. You have no idea how much this means to me!  Raising awareness means a lot to people dealing with this disorder and their loved ones helping them deal with it.  Thank you.
Man, school must NOT be fun for these people... The bullying, the stress causing more psychosis, the lack of empathy...   I mean school has made me go into anxiety attacks and break downs billions of times.
My cousin commit suicide last year and it’s sad not knowing if it was a schizophrenic episode or because he just was struggling with other things. He was on meds too
I love how he just "falls through the ceiling" and then gets all serious like we're supposed to pretend that that didn't just happen. Imagine seeing that in your living room lmao.  -BAM- "Today I'm here to talk about..."
i wonder if the voices they hallucinate are voices they recognize, like of people in their life? or if they’re just random voices
Hi Anthony! Was wondering if you could reach out to those with Misophonia (selective sound sensitivity syndrome). It is so difficult livng day to day with it, and it makes it so much harder knowing it is pretty much unknown. You bring things to such a caring and informing light! I love what you're doing ❤
I got chills when they said their first expereince was around 12 years old!! I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!!
I dont have schizophrenia now but when I was a kid I hallucinated sometimes and was obsessed with certain numbers and doing certain rituals. What was that? I no longer have these symptoms.
This is amazing. I’m currently doing a psychology study on the use of pharmaceutical vs non-pharmaceutical treatment for schizophrenia so being able to watch their stories is so eye-opening, thank you
Please Please.. Talk to people with Sensory Processing Disorder, I have that and I think that would help me more... ^^
Cecilia is such a light in this world. What an incredible, kindhearted, and beautiful person.
Thank you for giving people a chance to learn and educate themselves on different groups of people who wouldn't get this opportunity otherwise!
No one gonna talk about how the BG music was different for the start? No ok.
Bless their hearts! They are so strong ❤ The human mind is so interesting to learn about, I hope every one suffering from this is doing ok and getting the help they need ❤
I absolutely love this series! I'm learning so much about a lot of stuff that I never would have thought to even look up or had never even heard of.  As someone with schitzotypal personality disorder, seeing this video makes me feel a little bit more *seen*
It really warms my heart to know that most other people watching this series are watching it from a place of love and wanting to understand. It feels good to know there is so much love and light in this world!
I wanna give Jorge a hug. They are all so brave to help break the stereotype of schizophrenia!
I also really want to personally thank Jorge for sharing his piece. He has done an incredible thing. You are moving mountains sharing your struggles, you are valid and we believe you, Thank you.
You are such a good interviewer <3
Such an incredible video with incredible truths and a wonderful interviewer
Omg I didn’t recognize Cecilia at first! I remember watching her Ted talk now!!
Please cover eating disorders someday?
Cecilia's dress is so pretty!
Amazing and beautiful video ❤️❤️
Thank you guys so much for sharing  your stories! Now I feel like I know better!
I remember I once experienced an auditory illusion when I was really overtired and in a state between being awake and asleep, there were two murmuring voices that I couldnt understand and then a more distant one screaming at them to shut up and it was really scary. I cant imagine having to live with that on a daily basis
It's hard to put all of the information into 25 minute video. I'm glad you went over the key points tho. Good job everyone!
I hallucinate spiders, and I'm terrified of them. I'm so glad when people humor me in killing them or taking them out, even when they are fake.
Thank you everyone for an awesome video 😊
Thank you for your work, It is very important!
Thank you so much for this series, I have bipolar & extreme PTSD with flashbacks and everything that cripple me.. my mania is extremely terrifying bc I feel like I’m super woman and nothing can hurt me and then I go into an extreme depression where my heads telling me the darkest of thoughts. I would love to work with you one day. The segment about erioka (spelling) made me tear up bc the mania I feel has gotten me there but I’m still here to tell my story. And thank you to everyone who has shared their stories 💕
remember when this series was a joke
Auditory hallucinations suck. I used to have them when I was younger I would wake up at night to them it's terrible
Hello, Cecilia! I was like "You're not seriously talking to a painting are you?
As someone with schizophrenia,  this was definitely interesting to watch lol. It's always weird seeing people like me.
Man, I just love the mental health episodes so much. The guests are always so informative and intelligent. Anthony asks the perfect questions to let us all know how to be better with all the human struggles going on around and in ourselves.
Love this series
Would be great if you could talk about dp/dr. (depersonalisation/derealisation)
This makes me feel so much better. I believe I'm schizophrenic undiagnosed as I can't afford therapy. It started when I was 18 I thought helicopters were coming to get me, it seemed so real. Now it's more subdued like hearing people in other room, hallucinating cockroaches on the ground. I come from a religious family, my grandma thinks I have spirits in my mind. I just wish she would be more understanding instead of thinking god can fix everything. It just pushes me away tbh.
When I was little, I remember my grandma telling me that schizophrenia was "demons eating your brain if you sinned too much". After a while I figured out it wasnt true, but I'm glad Anthony is spreading awareness about these topics to avoid things like this :)
Could u do a video with childless seniors & adults? I recently saw a post where a lot of child free adults were angry and had hate for children. That’s the perspective I tend to see but I’d like to see another side of child free adults.
I think my mom might have developed schitzophrenia or mania or something similar in the recent years and I don’t know what to do or how to help her or how to react to it(I’ve been living over seas studying)it pains me very deeply constantly. If anybody reads this and could have some ideas please tell. Much appreciated
Hey Anthony! November is national Epilepsy awareness month!  I would love to see you talk to people who have epilepsy!  I myself do have them! Epilepsy is something that people really need to know about and understand!
My great grandma had schizophrenia and was convinced the government was listening to her through her fillings
Great video Anthony! Thank you for providing this platform for others and helping to share this info.
His channel is so educational I love it
I would love for you to do this with people who have Schizoid personalities! It's such an overlooked personality type, but I think it's so important to look at. Thanks :)
Hey Anthony! My name is Hannah and I am a recovering addict. I spent 3 years homeless on the downtown east side in Vancouver using intravenously from the age of 17. My drug use began at 12 and I am happy to say as of this month I no longer have Hepatitis C and I am 6 months clean from all substances. I would love to see a video of you sitting down and interviewing recovering addicts and people who have experienced homelessness. Please like this comment if you agree and would like to see this happen!!🧡
PLEASE do “I spent a day with people w/ ADHD” PLEEEEEASE
The way I'm learning with this series.. Thanks Anthony!!!!
This triggered something In me 🙃
I hallucinated a huge spider postpartum... It was truly terrifying. And what made it worse was realizing my partner knew it wasn't there as I panicked.
You are one fantastic human being Anthony. 🙏🏼
I feel like I might have skitzophrenic  (idk if that's how it's spelled) tendencies, I hear things, when I was younger I used to tell my parents that I saw shadow figures in my room, I've also saw ppl walk out of my mom's room when everyone was asleep and no one else was home. I also feel extremely sharp pains in my sides extremely often and no doctors have been able to explain it.
I hate how he started to put a "next in a few minute", I dont wanna see what im gonna see later, like, why?? I just end up skipping the whole break, I would honestly not skip his little speech if it wasnt for that.
I’d like to hear people’s thoughts on the way the media treats Kanye west when he is manic. He says i am god, people go wow he’s god, he says I’m gonna be president, they go I’ll vote for you. Surely this is harmful
I really love Anthony's content. It's so informative in such a respectful way.
Man, it's really cool that you're making videos about people who many have big and potentially hurtful misconceptions about. You bringing light to issues that people with for example Multiple-personality Disorder (or DID), Borderline Personality Disorder, and this face will change people's minds about fellow people in our society which I think is very important!  Thank you!
I always end up saying the same but I think it's incredible and so important the work you're doing by bringing light into this matters. I love how you connect with everybody. It shows how truly empathic you are, Anthony! Keep it up! And much love to all the guests ♥
10:29 Did Anthony just say "right at your finger-tits"!??!
Can you sit with people with OCD and I love the way you talk to people. You are very comforting :)
These people are powerful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love Kody. He deserves so much recognition.
My mom had schizophrenia and was homeless for almost 10 years :( I wish I could have helped her better. But now she is much better and doing well after getting treatment
This is one of the many reasons I'm so angry when movies and video games use mental illnesses such as DID or schizophrenia or many others as a horror factor. Like look at how abnormal and scary these people with these conditions are, like that's the worst enemy, the biggest horror they can think of. When in reality people with these debilitating disorders when left untreated and misdiagnosed are usually the ones to live their lives mistreated and afraid. I'm not saying you cannot make movies or shows or games about these conditions but with it comes a huge responsibility to NOT contribute to the stigma already surrounding such a vulnerable group of people.  I also appreciate that Anthony didn't say wondrous world of schizophrenia. In many cases that expression helps make a serious topic more lighthearted, helps normalising it in people's eyes but I don't think anybody with the actual condition finds anything wondrous about it and sometimes that just has to be accepted. It is however great to see that people with such a terrifying condition can find a way to live good lives as so many people can't actually imagine a future for themselves when they're hit with a diagnosis like this.
I would love for you do interview some people with Bipolar and Bipolar 2 disorders.
I wish i was more informed growing because maybe I’d have a positive and better relationship with my mother who has schizophrenia.
14:22 a video of a man running in a street from my town in Novi Sad Serbia. Just a fun fact
hi my boyfriend has ADHD, and i wanted to understand it better. Could you do a video about it? love your videos <3
Bruh its smoshs 15th anniversary
Omg, this stuff is challenging...I remember a coworker I'd had that I'm absolutely certain struggled with some type of schizophrenia and, for the most part, he was only Barely able to function among the rest of us. It was heartbreaking
Love it
If you think angels exist like you did with witches can you pleaseeee find some and do an interview pleaseee hahah
Can you interview people with ADHD? We’re more than people with “crackhead energy”. It’s dangerous whether you take medications or not.
whats crazy about watching this is that when kody was talking about his auditory hallucinations and how it registers as a sound made me had a flashback when I was little and and heard people calling me like my grandma and I would go ask what she needed and she would tell me she never called me which is still weird to me because when she "called" me it sounded so real and this still kinda happens to me this day I would hear my mom or my brother call me bu they never actually called me. Also when I was little I would wake up in the middle of the night and just hear someone talking but going from like a really low pitch voice to all the way to a high pitch
I Litterly love this channel because it makes me feel like I’m not alone with life struggles
Is it just me or does Anthony seems off. I hope he is ok.
I think people need to realize that a diagnosis should not be used as a label and it is really a gateway to getting the help you need.
Could you maybe make a video about people with body dysmorphia? I feel like there is a lot of stigma that they are just seeking attention.
Just like 2 days ago or so I started following Cody I'm shock lol. As always great work! Love how you keep giving voice to different people to bring awareness about important issues! <3
Wonderful video, I am actually studying to be a psychiatrist and I'm glad you have a channel where people can openly talk about mental health.
Please do one about ADHD. I have had it all my life I’m 23 and I was never taught what it really was and being off my meds for 7 years was the worse time of my life to the point of suicide about 3 times. I really wanna know how others feel. Untreated adhd is a hard learning disability to some people I don’t drive I can’t focus on the road
This video lead to me doing research and I believe my alter Yugi is schizophrenic. He may not be the only one but we are still researching. Thank you for these wonderful videos. Also sometimes we think we are still in the psychiatric ward in Omaha and that our friend who died ten years ago has only been dead because she couldn't handle visiting me at the hospital anymore.
Thank you for spreading awareness of this missunderstood disorder! My uncle has schizophrenia but always only tells people he has "a disorder that induces psychosis" because of the negative connotations with the word schizophrenia.
I have adhd I think it would be cool if you spend a day with people with adhd
These videos are honestly the best things on the internet. So informative and real and Anthony truly makes people feel comfortable
You, my friends, are not mentally ill. You are capable of witnessing other world's. It's terrifying because people don't understand. None of you are "monsters" or "freaks".   I ask everyone, can you remember what you were before birth?
My aunt developed schizophrenia after going almost deaf (along with the traumatic past that her family had), and my father and her other siblings treat her horrible for it. It’s so sad that things like this are almost always completely misunderstood, and people use someone’s mental disorders against them. I’ve also been through some shit, and my toxic ex best fiend in middle school purposely triggered a PTSD flashback in me, and then proceeded to taunt me and scream at me whilst I was in panic. I know I could never know how these people feel, as I do not personally have schizophrenia, but I truly hope that our society will make a change in how it perceives mental illness. Just because you are mentally ill does not mean you are crazy, damaged, or less than. You are worthy of love, understanding, and acceptance just like every human is.
Please do one for Bipolar!
Please do an episode about suppressed memories and PTSD!
I personally believe that these amazing people are actually witnessing life in a different dimension overlapped with our "reality" dimension. We have quantum brains. Remember, spirituality doesn't come from science. Science comes from spirituality. To think this is the only reality is 2D thinking. We are all capable of 4D!!!
Seeing this comment section gives me a little hope for humankind.
I thought I was having a stroke or something until I discovered that I had started playing the video on half speed.
Can u Interview people with delirium? It would be so interesting
Jorge really do be making me emotional. I’m very proud of him and the other two who participated in this video <3
My robotics club teacher also has schizophrenia! This is really helpful!!
Thank you for doing these series, Anthony. I love learning about other people’s experiences and how I can be better and more understanding to everyone
Has Anthony done a series on sociopaths?
I would really like if you would make a  "I spent a day with people who have ASPD" , I  think it is a really stigmatized disorder and people should be more aware of it.
first thing i would say if i found out someone i talked to and became kinda friends with i would say o that sucks man i wont have something from wow i scared of you now
I know you’re included in this group but you should do a video with Vegans/Plant Based people
is it really a delusion if the life that we live in is an augmented reality createdby a program?
I’ve seen the faceless people in my dreams.. it’s scary. i used to see the “blob” as well.. i don’t think im schizophrenic. But I’ve definitely had some of the other symptoms. This video really helped me know I’m not alone 😊
Could you interview people with bipolar?
The phone thing is so smart! ✨
I loved when Anthony said "people don't come here for facts, they come here because they want to know how you feel and your feelings are always true." I think that was a great thing to say in that moment. Can't wait for the OCD episode.
My dad has Schizophrenia and it’s so difficult to live with. Unfortunately the delusions won with him and he is in a hospital because he can’t realize what’s real or not. There’s days where I’ll get calls from him and he’ll tell me all these things that clearly aren’t happening but he can’t realize that. My heart goes out to people who have been diagnosed with schizophrenia because even though Im not schizophrenic I know how difficult life can be having it. I’ve seen first hand what it does to people.
My dad had schizophrenia and I felt so bad for him. He had a lot goin on
i loved this video,  i don’t personally deal with this disorder but i would love to see one on ADHD. Me myself who has adhd would love to see an interview on that. i’m so happy to see you bringing awareness to mental illnesses, i really loved the video.
Thank you so much for this video oh my god as someone who suffers from this it really means so much for me and our community
Hey Anthony! This series is really great and everyone thankful you are giving these minorities a voice and a platform. I really think you should make an episode about muslims. We are underrepresented especially now because of what's happening in France. It would be great if you include women who wear hijab. Thank you for this.
Honestly, Anthony is the best interviewer of all time. He makes everyone feel valid, seen, heard & most of all respected. I have learned so much from all his videos & so many stereotypes have been broken. Thank you 💖
<3
I wonder how schizophrenia would impact working a job like a cashier or a server, or one of those customer service jobs
I learnt a lot from this video. It's so great to hear about these kinds of things from ppl who experienced them!
Thnx Anthony!!
My older brother has Schizophrenia and ADHD,he always went to therapy and my mom tried to support him but in my pov I think she did too much,at the end he didn't really wanted to listen or try to understand himself and he ended having drug addiction... I haven't seen him since I was 12(15 soon),i miss him since he left the house when he turned 18 because my mom was really stressed,ever since he was young he got in trouble in school and in other places... Am very happy that you made a vid on this,i really hope people see this and it helped them,for me it did and I feel I can understand how my brother felt ❤️
Please do one about OCD I suffer with OCD and it is a debilitating condition but the way its portrait in the media as if its all about just being super clean and tidy just makes it harder to be understood and thats why people find it so easy to say things like owe yeah im a bit OCD too. People would not use OCD so flippantly if they understood how horrific and how complex it is. Thanks.
omg that poor women she seems so sweet and she goes through such torment. I feel so bad for her because my mom who was schizo effective (which is schizophrenia and bipolar mixed together) committed suicide 4 months ago and it's been hard and I just imagine that poor sweet lady snapping from the stress and it tears at my heart. she had major delusions of being the reborn Isis (an Egyptian goddess) and she said she would talk to her dead sister that also committed suicide (she also had schizophrenia along with an array of mental illnesses), she claimed she spoke to god and her bipolar moodswings happened every three months. she claimed she got abducted by aliens and they implemented an antenna on her leg which was really just an ingrown hair, and more jarring stories. Schizophrenia can take on a religious manner but it's doesn't always. Also she thought she was here to save the world which is another very common side effect of schizophrenia. I...didn't mean to say this much but I hope my experience can help others either identify to get help or help identify schizophrenia in others. the funny part about everything though was that she was a damn good board certified psychiatrist with the passion and love for her patients. she helped so many people, she was no monster or murderer, she loved movies and going to the theater and eating popcorn, she served this country and suffered RSD (a disorder that causes extreme pain and flare ups in the targeted areas) due to a dead rotting bone in her ankle that could not be removed. I miss you momma, I'll hope your happy and at rest in the heaven you oh so firmly believed in.
some shamans have described schizophrenia as misunderstood by the western world especially now with so much technological dependency and overwhelming need to conform. They have written in books describing how people with "schizophrenia" are in tune with a different dimension vividly, whether its a positive or negative dimension and can perceive thought-forms and various other entities.
Would you ever consider doing an episode about people with Alpha Gal?  I have it and I kinda want to know more about it but there isnt anyone Ik who has it :(
Another amazing video, Anthony ♥ I'm so glad you're able to cover these people's stories and share them with the world. I look forward to each and every single one!
My uncle has paranoid schizophrenia and he is generally a lot less composed than these people. Nice to see you making videos about these conditions and raising awareness though
This is really interesting to me because my uncle has schizophrenia. I’ve never met him before,  so idk what he’s like
Good job Kody 👏
I really appreciate these videos. I've been learning a lot.
i dont think i have schizophrenia, but i have had moments of derealizations and dissociation from reality where i thought i was in a coma and this is a dream etc. very surreal.
My aunt had schizophrenia (she, unfortunately, passed this year of covid-19) and it was very hard seeing what this disease did to her. She was medicated for most of her life, but it only helped a little bit. She was highly paranoid, delusional and depressed... and it was tough seeing her go through all that, seeing her believing things that were not true and seeing her in desperate emotional pain. As someone who saw a VERY loved family member live with schizophrenia and be tagged as "dangerous" and "crazy": I'm beyond thankful that, not only this video exists, but this series exists, and that Anthony is sharing his space and visibility on the internet with people whose stories we all need to hear. The people in this video are incredibly brave and strong and I wish them all only good things in life. And I really hope that one day we can find a cure, or at least better treatments, for this terrible disease.
15 years of slosh now😔 1 more vid Anthony
Trisha Bloody Patas batter not suddenly “have” this too!  My illness is not your fashion statement!
Ok i need to know if voices coming from objects  count as skizo phrases
This is really helpful information. My sister in law has schizophrenia and this just helped me understand what she’s going through a little bit more. Thanks for what you do, Anthony!
OMG A COSTA RICAN IN ANTONY'S VIDEO OMGOMGOMG
I struggle with ocd and I really would like if you could do it because I really need to see how they cope or deal with it. It would mean so much if you could do it 🤝❤️
wow, really informative. the only way I could remotely sympathize with them is with my sleep paralisis (It’s not as bad anymore, but It used to feel very real and I had auditory, visual and tactile ‘hallucinations’) Turns out I was super stressed and depressed, the brain is truly incredible
Uhhhhhh I think I might have schizophrenia after watching this....
God bless those people everybody that has that condition are just amazing god bless I know if that was me I would have to were a dipper daily I would constantly crap my pants.
Petition for Anthony to have his own TV show to be an interviewer
Anthony next you should interview people that were on dance moms :D
U literally can't talk without ur assistance writing the intro and the part where u say oh u made it possible n shit
Wow, awareness of Etika. I miss him so so much. I wish so badly there was true help for Etika when he needed it the most. That is why awareness like this is critical. Joyconboyz forever. Thank you
I'm doing a short story on schizophrenia for an assignment and this pops on my recommended. perfectly timed
Well done  mr Padilla
I think it was so interesting to hear about having the camera out on the phone to aid in identifying what is a hallucination and what is real. Thank you Anthony for being so kind in your videos and asking questions in a way to not make people feel called out. I think you do such an incredible job making people feel heard and comfortable.
Yay Kody!
And PANS/PANDAS does start with the word “pediatric” but I am a young adult with PANS/PANDAS, all that word means is that I got it when I was little but I’m still dealing with it and trying to work through it today
You should do ADHD or PANS/PANDAS!! Both really need to be talked about more but especially PANS/PANDAS
Jorge Its pronounced george Rvb meme
Ohh I saw a video of Cecilia doing a TED talk a few years ago and it was really interesting! I'm glad Anthony is making videos like these, educating people.
I'd love to see a video like this about CIDP. To clarify CIDP is Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy
Thank you so much for these videos about mental health disorders that are so often misunderstood. I feel like a lot of misunderstandings are spread and I really appreciate getting real perspectives. We are all human beings so we need to take time to understand each other. Keep up the good work!
damn when they brought up Etika i cried like a baby, this still hits me hard. Rest in Piece! to all people with schizophrenia: you are worth it, keep going and you’ll find your luck!
The delusions... Are they able to be subdued? How do you get through to a schizophrenic who is completely in denial  about what they're capable of doing? For instance I live with this girl who wants to take care of children and she has a 45 hour certification but she has never lasted more than a couple of days in daycare jobs, and it's time for her to move on to a job that fits her better. She has 0 empathy, someone like that should not be working with children. How can she be convinced?
I appreciate this a lot, I have schizo affective disorder and im glad this is out here
Sorry Cecilia, but the reality is that schizophrenia IS a death sentence for a huge number of people diagnosed with it here in the US, because we have such a terribly dysfunctional healthcare system. We have a well documented shortage of Psychiatrists and mental healthcare workers making access to treatment inconsistent for many, many people even if they have health insurance. Don’t even get me started on the poor people who don’t have health insurance! The way we treat healthcare is such an embarrassment to our country, and an unacceptable danger to the people that live here.😡
I believe that’s very sad and unfair that people with any mentall illness are being treated unserious and especially the wrong way because there are so many uneducated people about illnesses.
people with schizophrenia are portrayed as "crazy" but they are misunderstood and mental health needs to be talked about more and these videos really help me understand more about important topics
Would like to see a video of people with PTSD. My boyfriend deals with PTSD, amongst other things, and I think it would be good to shed some light on that. I feel like it’s a well known thing, but many people don’t actually understand it.
I agree 1000% about how other people should react if I'm going through it. What the hell is the point in asking me what I'm seeing or hearing when you already know you aren't going to see or hear it?! And definitely don't just sit there and go "It's not real, you're just crazy." Like, no shit Sherlock.
thank you for doing this please do ocd next i think its highly misunderstood and it would rlly help it to be spread awareness about it
If i got this and started hallucinating spiders that would RUIN ME cause i have pet spiders ?!
I'm so glad you don't say "the wonderful world of _____" anymore, hahahahahaha
i loove this series.
Poor Cory. There are probably so many reddit let's not meet stories "This weird guy grabbed me out of nowhere and then took off running." I do the phone thing too. If anyone says anything my response is "Oh, I'm vlogging."
I think I may have schizophrenia; watching this I related to a lot of it.
Damn Anthony. I’ve had a lot it going on th last month but I can honestly say I would have been a unique skitzo interview. Had it most my life, hidden it most my life. Was diagnosed and attempted to treat it with many diff meds, and in the end decided that just because my normal wasn’t the same as others, didn’t mean I i had to “treat” it if i didnt view it as a problem..honestly didn’t know now “normal” people didn’t see and hear the things I did, thought they were as normal as a conscious. Love to talk still if I can’t be of any help or enlighten anyone even slightly. (: love your videos. Loved you forever. Thanks for covering these topics.
I've been waiting for this video! I live with schizophrenia and there's so many stupid stereotypes and misconceptions. Thank you for this!
These are so important, thank you 💙  Will you be able to do an ep about PTSD?  I been diagnosed for 7 years now, and have never been aware of talking to someone else with it.
A lot of these disorders need to be talked about in a kind and caring way. I appreciate how this series is informative and truly kind.  I would love to see neuropathy discussed. I have neuropathy and would love to see it discussed
I wonder if Anthony will do a BFRB or Trichotillomania episode
Anthony has done wonders to so many communities by bringing attention to them.
Please do an episode on ptsd. My diagnosis has made me understand myself so much better, but I feel as if people don't see my diagnosis in the same way as I do. I've heard that only people in the army can get ptsd, and that everyone experience the symptoms of ptsd. I also feel like no one really talks about the memory loss. Its a very real and painful part of ptsd that I live with every day.
Great episode!!  I also wanted to add in to Kody Green's last message about people confusing DID for schizophrenia. Recently, I learned that Narcolepsy (a rare sleep disorder that I was diagnosed with 2 years ago) is often misdiagnosed as schizophrenia. Both disorders experience hallucinations and overtime delusions (*for narcolepsy) because you are living in a waking dream. It IS possible to have both conditions, but there ARE distinct differences. People with narcolepsy do not typically respond to the medications prescribed for schizophrenia. If you are unsure if you are schizophrenic or narcoleptic, getting an MLST at a sleep center or from a sleep doctor is the way to check it out. Neurologists or psychiatrists can not usually help in this area. It took me 10+ years to get diagnosed, and before that I thought I was experiencing psychosis and concerned I had a more serious mental condition. So be sure to consider and rule out other brain disorders as well! And if you're curious about the schizophrenia + narcolepsy topic, I had seen a video lecture on YT called "Narcolepsy: a sleep disorder with psychiatric features" by Royal Talks. It talks about the key differences between narcolepsy & schizophrenia and what it looks like when people may have both conditions. Hope all are doing well!! This was a great video. I kinda want to find those schizophrenia simulators now...
I had a psychotic break in highschool and essentially was convinced that everyone on the bus I was on was going to kill me, that they were all there specifically to kill me and I got so terrified I got off the bus and broke down.
I spent a day with nonbinary people?
That small clip of the «simulator» nearly gave me a panic attack. That was terrifying! I have no idea how those who do have auditory hallucinations manage to cope with it. That must be so hard and it shows the sheer strength they have
Dude being schizophrenic is no joke. I speak from experience ✌
Im really glad this episode came out I've been wondering about how schizophrenia people differ from my own disorder- schizoaffective bipolar disorder and it really goes to show that they struggle more than me and that I got away easy. however to the people that have Schizophrenia good luck with your symptoms. I also think that you shouldn't group schizoaffective people in with schizophrenia bc they are literally two different disorders.
13:34 this is due to the human brain not being able to comprehend the technology in a phone similar to how if u try to use your phone in a dream it will be simplified or blank
God I'm an empathetic crying baby.
Cyko is my name , because of a nickname I got almost 25 years ago but I also love to learn and since psycho means of the mind I've kept it and own it and educate People.anyhoo I've seen mice that weren't real my whole life and have never been diagnosed and I'm obsessed with the number 4.
If you would like to Talk to people who were raised by a same sex couple I'd love to talk about it 😊
i was wondering if anthony has done one on depression? i know that depression is more common and understood than other disorders that he has covered but i feel like a lot of people would appreciate a cover on depression especially major depression
I work in a nursing facility with about 212 beds. Approximately 80% of our residents have a diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. Honestly, it seems like more of an umbrella-term. Some of our residents, you'd never even expect them to have schizophrenia; others have such debilitating symptoms. Some people have full insight (such as those we see in this video), but many others don't agree with their diagnosis or realize that many of their experiences or beliefs aren't based in reality.  I really like this video because it shows many folks who present as neurotypical. Society typically sees schizophrenics in a certain way, and that's rarely what I see at work each day. Great video.
anthony an idea for future videos maybe you could put english captions bc i sometime have a hard time hearing and captions just help a lot,,, thanks!!
wait is that Cecilia who also used to be on SBSK? if she is, she changed so much? thats honestly insane, what a beautiful being she has become <3
can you please do a video about people with adhd??
I really liked this video a lot. I thought it was very interesting.  There is a really great channel called LivingWell with schizophrenia. I found it quite a while ago and I think the person who hosts the channel give some really great insight of what it’s like living with schizophrenia. She puts a very positive spin on it and is there to inform people. Just thought I would share. Again it’s called LivingWell with schizophrenia.
Do schizofrenics also experience "nice" hallucinations that are in a way enjoyable?
Wow, this was such an eye opener. I knew what it was, but had no idea about so many other detail. Thank you for making this, I look at people with this in a different light now.
I don’t know how to feel about this. One one hand it’s awesome he’s shedding light on this but on the other hand these PEOPLE are so much more than their disorder. I don’t think people know how much goes into mental stability and all the things you have to do to be mentally stable. This is such a weird light on this. Why not showcase their talents and what they’re good at? You don’t know what these people have had to go through to get to this point in their life. These people are so much more than just people with schizophrenia. Idk. This doesn’t destigmatize this disorder and this doesn’t really help with the mental health. These people have to go through so much on a daily basis to feel neurotypical and find a sense of normalcy and I don’t think this helps with that. They are extremely brave for doing this.
This video helped me understand this diagnosis so much more. Thank you for sharing 💘
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE FREE TSHIRTS
I would love to see a video about the different kinds of eating disorders. I think having someone with such a big platform talk about the myths surrounding eating disorders would be amazing for awareness! Thanks!
I remember seeing cecilia's ted talk a while ago. Very impressive, so glad you cover these topics so respectfully!
It's okay to cry. I am learning this from my therapy sessions as I struggle with self-compassion. We as a society, move away from self-care. We aren't taught to love ourselves, but we are taught to love others. When asked how we can comfort our friends or loved ones, we give a long list of options... but ask yourself the same question; it can be harder to give yourself the care and support you need. This is something we need to change and maybe it can help our suicide rates.
I love how much your content has progressed over the years. Thank you for all of your hard work and being such a caring person. You’re making a positive change and educating people in a very entertaining way. Take care (:
I'd love for you to make a video about eating disorders. They're still heavily misunderstood
Such an amazing video as always! Very informative and interesting. I'd love you to talk with people that experience sleep paralysis!
I get this too, it sucks major frickin balls honestly. My "friends" literally call me psycho at school because of it and the others treat me like I'm not a person anymore. I've been experiencing this since I was like 6ish and nobody believes me. I get told by teachers and my parents that I'm just making it up for attention and that it isn't real, it's all in my head and they don't seem to understand that that is exactly the problem. I have this delusion I guess it would be that I can't have more than one mental disorder, if I have another then obviously I'm faking one of them, right? I know that that isn't how it works, I know it's wrong or bad of me to think like that. But I don't know how to think differently  from that. I get hallucinations of people who don't have faces like Kody (?) does, I can't tell if anything I see is real or not and I haven't found a way that helps me tell. I get so paranoid I can't bring myself to ask someone to help me, to help me get to a doctor or someone that can help me with this. I can't bring myself to go to the doctors cause well if everyone around me is saying I'm faking it, they can't all be wrong can they. If I go to the doctor about it then they'll just turn me away right, tell me I'm faking one of the disorders, I can't have multiple. I want to get around this, does it even count as a delusion if I know that it is wrong? I want to get help but I just CAN'T. It's terrifying, I told my youth group that I suffer from hallucinations and such and they called my parents asking them to make sure that I'm not going to suddenly turn around and stab someone, or throw a glass at someone. I hate it there now, it was my safe place but I don't have one of those anymore. I don't have anyone to go to for help. It's gotten bad enough I've come to a YouTube comment section, fuck what am I doing with my life?
Can you do a video about people with insomnia pls if there isn't one already.
As someone with schizophrenia, I REALLY appreciate Anthony talking about all these stigmatized mental disorders. I feel like I always have to cover it up or I'll be called crazy or look at like I'm dangerous. I'd NEVER hurt someone; if anything, I'm too scared of the hallucinations than to go up and punch a shadow person. I can't fight a shadow with demonic powers.
Cecelia seems like such a sweet and humble person, big thank to these people who took their time to come and inform us about such a serious topic.💖😊
I hope you will do ‘I spent a day with people w/ PTSD’ one day. 🙂
do it with Borderline Personality Disorder
Anthony is literally the best interviewer I've seen. He is so understanding, empathetic and professional. This series are my favorite to watch! :D
KODY!!
Mental health disorders like this confuse me. I’m not saying these people are faking it I would never say that but it’s crazy to think that these people can talk about it like they know it’s not real but when it happens it’s too real to realize it’s not real but after it happens they realize...
The first time I saw Cecelia was on the SBSK YouTube channel, and it was from quite a bit ago. Thanks Anthony for interviewing her again; she’s been an influential part of my journey through my undergrad and a motivator for me to pursue my masters in psych as well. You rock!
My mother has it. She thinks a lot of ppl abused her and that she was killed and revived. She thinks she made Harry Potter and other stuff she likes.. also those person are way more positive than my mother... way more open than her.
You ask the perfect questions!
I'm really glad you did this video. Even in the psychology world the schizophrenia spectrum is still not well understood. Hopefully videos like this can help destigmatize the disorders as more research is done.
Aww when Jorge was talking I felt so bad for him <3 Thank you for sharing your stories and expressing your feelings
Hi my friend think she has this and I don’t know what to do about and how to help her is it ok if I let her talk about it with me or should I not bring it up thank you for your time
watching this video with my father, a licensed psychologist, he said that the man with the glasses should consider dissociative identity disorder and research ii somewhat. it seems like he has some common symptoms based on what he's heard from this video and mannerisms of people with DID. (he isn't diagnosing, just making observations)
it’s so interesting hearing their point of view of what it’s like to be schizophrenic. i have an uncle with schizophrenia, but it’s to the point where he gets really violent, I can only imagine how it must be for him :/
Heya Anthony, will you do a video on schizoid personality disorder? Estimates say about 4-5% of the world population has it but there's little to no research on it.
Anthony, how did you know that he already has 6 drawers? 🤭
I feel like this video is good for me since my brothers schizoaffective along with a drug problem so maybe this could help me have insight on what it’s like to have these disorders
NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE
My brother has schizophrenia for 9 years, he is now 40 yo. He had a good job, friends, a car and a house, he had a good life but something happened so he started to not wanting to see us, to cut his friend out of his life, lost his job and got kicked out of his house, now he lives with us but he doesn't go out of his room unless to eat or go to the bathroom. We can't treat him cuz the Italian law doesn't allow us to unless he is a threat to us or himself (basically when some blood will be shed). I tried so many different things but I don't know what to do. Our parents are too afraid to do something, they can't accept it cuz it hurts them a lot, so they rather do as if he has nothing. Sorry for my ranting but I kept this inside of me for all these years.
I watch Kody on tiktok!
Thank you for sharing your experiences! I appreciate being able to learn about the various different perspectives people have on life. :3 :D  And it's ok to have and express emotion. You are valid and we support you. <3
I think Anthony should do a video with people who have Stockholm syndrome
Watch 'writing on Bathroom walls' good movie about a boy with schizophrenia. Really positive.
My 13 year old autistic son has Tourette’s and psychosis. They won’t say schizophrenia because of his age. He hears things and sees things. He has to people named guy and chance that he talks to, he hears children screaming at him from the trees and sees a dark shadow man watching him all the time. Medicine doesn’t help.
I'm glad these people are able to thrive as they deal with this. My sister in law sadly never was able to get to that point and committed suicide.
i feel bad :(
Thank you Anthony for shedding light on this subject! I live with schizoaffective and it is nice to see individuals who experience the world similar to me. My wishes go out to them and everyone who is affected with this illness 🙏
I am a mental health professional and I did my practicum at a residential site for folks with concurrent disorders (both mental health and addictions combined), and I realized almost immediately, thankful to the residents that taught me, that I still had some fears and misconceptions about folks with Schizophrenia. A gentleman explained to me that one day he would be able to walk through walls and leave the site... and it showed me that he truly wanted to be free of that world; I felt so much compassion there, seeing the hard work people do to just function in daily life. Mind you, the folks at this site had severe symptoms, and were struggling to function in the world without constant support, but, I can see how similar these folks are in their depth of bewilderment when discovering they had a mental illness. It just shows you that surrounding circumstances can make all the difference. Some folks turn to substances to cope with their symptoms, some are introduced before the onset of their first break, and some develop addictions later in life after many years of medications not working for them. And the side effects of medications can be so severe, some prefer to live with psychosis rather than deal with what the meds cause for them.
<3 Thanks for the awareness of this misunderstood disorder.  Keep up the amazing work!
I’m really glad this is talked about and it means a lot to myself and others this is being brought to light. You do a great job with these interviews, Anthony, thank you.
Could she kill the clown and the girls that stabs her? Edit: and the spider's.
Anthony ... THANK YOU For Tackling This VERY DIFFICULT Topic With Such Gentle Sensitivity !!! You're Better Than Anyone Else When Addressing These HARD Issues !!! You're OPRAH, The 2020 Version, TRULY !!! I Don't Make That Claim Lightly, But You've More Than EARNED IT - WELL DONE !!!
As a social work student, I really love your videos pertaining to people's mental health diagnoses. I'm training to be a therapist, so we roleplay a lot with other students and then are thrown into reality not knowing how to truly interact with actual people with that specific diagnosis. I know all the textbook information, but truly interacting with people is the real way to learn. I'm super appreciative of your interview skills, this is EXACTLY how we're trained to interview in real therapy interviewing classes! Thank you so much, Anthony! Much love from Texas, xoxoxo
trichotillomania?
My Aunt has schizophrenia however, we are not supposed to talk about it or acknowledge it. Growing up it was extremely scary to be around her because I want not educated in knowing about her mental illness. These videos help so many of us! We all need to normalize talking about mental health and how we can help our loved ones.
You should do ones where you talk to people with irrational phobias - like bananas, knees, lakes, etc
Could you spend a day with people who have OCD? This topic seems to be watered down too much.
When is the maid Cafe episode coming out im still wondering
I would like to see an episode on people who had stockholm syndrom it is vary unknow from what i see
I always learn so much from your videos Anthony! I think the best part is when you ask them the questions that some of us may be too afraid to ask, mostly out of fear of insulting them or appearing ignorant.
i always wanted to do something like this. the only problem is i tend to smile when something bad, or sad, is happening.
My cousin has Schizophrenia it’s harder on her though because she has it really bad my parents said she was fine when she was younger but the doctors think since she was picked on so much it might have triggered it she sometimes comes back to reality and speaks normal but then falls back in and starts to say unusual things it’s hard to visit because she has pushed my mom before and she hits her parents and cusses we try to tell her what she is hearing and seeing isn’t real and that sometimes helps but it’s hard because we don’t know exactly what she sees
My boyfriend has bipolar schizoaffective disorder and this video has really helped me to better understand him and my ability to help him. Thank you so much for opening the world’s eyes and understanding of different people
The world needs more Anthonys in the fact that they are understanding and willing to discuss mental health. I had a psychotic episode, and I could definitely relate to today's guests. I definitely hallucinated spiders and insects crawling over me. I wasn't dangerous... I was incredibly fearful of everyone and everything. My love goes out to these people. Thank you for telling us about your reality.
I have several family members with schizophrenia and have always had trouble understanding what they're going through/dealing with... this video really, really helps bring some understanding on my end.
I really love this series Anthony, please keep talking to new people like this :)
Anthony Padilla your videos are so amazing and needed. Mental illness is real. Thank you so much for doing this.
I love the respectful way that Anthony talks with all his guests.
These videos are always so educational. The fact that people go out of their way to be SO vulnerable to educate others. Thank you! <3
I have so much respect for Anthony and the people that have the courage to share their personal stories ❤️
we need some add/adhd friends over here
hey anthony , i wanna say i really like the content that you make  , thank you for doing this content  to make me feel better abt my mental illness :)
I was in a relationship for almost two years, and me and my ex-boyfriend hadn’t  met in person until we decided to try living together. We were so committed to making everything work with our financial situations. But when I met him in person, I kept noticing that he would often “tune out”. He would say to me while we were walking “why are those girls laughing at me?” When we hadn’t passed anyone. He told me there were ghosts that he saw in our apartment. He had times where he was paranoid about the food he ate. And then he had a seizure. It was a focal seizure. He sat and rocked back and forth and whispered things over and over, walked around the apartment. I almost wanted to take him to the emergency room but with covid I knew I couldn’t. I looked up online the symptoms of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder, and saw all of the similarities he had with it. I also saw that people with these disorders are more likely to have epileptic episodes. I was so distraught, but I had to make him move back in with his loving father, who I knew could take care of him better than a college girl could. He had no idea he was suffering so much. I wish I could’ve helped. But after seeing this video I feel firm in my belief that he can recover and hopefully live a more normal life someday. Even if it isn’t with me.
As someone who is suspected of having this disorder I sincerely thank you for posting videos like this. Awareness for misunderstood disorders is so important and you're doing a great job. Keep it up ❤️
Oh it’s def possible to be hurt by a schizophrenic (17:09) who hasn’t been taking their meds.  My best friend and my neighbor as well as three others (including two cops) were murdered in one day by a schizophrenic in 2005.
5 mil soon🙏I hope you hit it
A really interesting episode. Thank you for filming it
I heard this woman’s exact story years ago. I wonder if I’ve already watched some of her videos.
please please please do a day with people with chronic pain
would love to see an episode on Dysthymia and double depression. thank you for these videos though!
I'm bipolar not schizophrenic but I experience hallucinations and a mood is if something really surreal happens irl my first thought is 'can everyone else see that?'. I started questioning reality even when I'm not unwell.
This world needs to change. We all deserve to treated with respect, we all deserve to be heard, and we all deserve to be loved. People who aren’t the standard image of physical beauty, and still capable of being beautiful in their unique way. Evil is created by depriving people of love.
I was kinda hoping to see living well with schizophrenia but it’s also great to see these other perspectives.  Edit:  Holy shiz 22:28 I love that she said detour. Like that hit me so hard as someone with other disorders. Looking at it as not a blocked path but just something you can find another route around is so empowering. Like maybe she didn’t even realize what she said but holy cow that one word has helped me already. Just seeing it as something besides a dead end, blocked by your disorders. Holy heck that’s empowering. Sorry for the rant but I really love the way she put it.
YES U DID IT!!! I commented this a couple times im glad u did it Anthony!!!
shoutout to everyone who deals with schizophrenia <3
i know Kody from tiktok, he is such a lovely person
Kodyyyy
Oooh! I have an idea!  "I spent a day with people with Prosopagnosia (aka face blindness)"  I could be in that one (but probably won't, there are better examples out there lol)
this videos are so amazing and i learn so much from them. we’re not taught about this shit and the way society portrays people with mental illnesses such as schizophrenia is so negative, and i’m so glad these videos exist to prove that mental illness does not define a person. i appreciate this so much
You should do a video with people who have bipolar disorder.
YESSS SCHEZOPHRENICHIPPIE, I LOVE YOUR TIK TOC I WAS WAITING FOR THIS FOR A LONG TIMEEE, I AM SO PROUD OF HIM
You should do social anxiety
I really noticed Anthony's skill for interviewing, he's asking interesting questions and can tell when it's okay to push a little to get a clearer answer.   It's so nice to hear to so many different thoughts, the people on the show have so much to say and they get a proper chance for a conversation.
Anthony what’s up? You seemed different.
you should spend a day with people with ptsd!
Jorge, I am crying with you. You all touched my heart today. 🖤
10:41 that was terrifying even for just 2 seconds, I can't imagine myself being able to live through that in my everyday life,, these people are really strong, I love these interviews!
Dude I love Cecilia and I would've been upset if you did this episode without her! I first heard of her when she was on sbsk & I'm always so inspired by her. I'm going to follow the other guys too now because I really appreciated their shares too! I have a family member with schizophrenia & I can't express enough how important it is to spread awareness and educate others about it! Thank you for these videos, they're always so well done!
If anyone wants to experience what it could be like for people with this condition they should play the game Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice and definitely wear headphones!
This is my experience with someone who had schizophrenia. (It's a long read).  My neighbor called me and told me she was babysitting a little girl and she was scared shitless because the little girl was possessed. I laughed, I was 15 at the time and I did not believe in that kind of  thing. She asked me if I could come over and I said yes. When I went over her house, my neighbour was on the varandah with the little girl. The little girl was naked. I said my to Anna (my neighbour), "Why is she naked?" Anna said "she doesn't want to put on her clothes, she's seeing things." So I took the little girl clothes off the ground and I said, "come baby girl, let's put on your blouse." She started screaming, crying, having a fit. The little girl asked me  "if I really didn't see it?" She said her clothes were filled with worms, snakes and roaches. That 'this thing' on the varandah was laughing at her. I attempted to dress her again and her reaction the second time was blood curdling. At this point, Anna ran into the living room. I got goosebumps and I started crying, I hugged her then asked her to show me this thing. She pointed to a corner and I got so angry; I started shouting at the empty corner, telling it, screaming really,  to leave her alone. The little girl said it went away and I was able to put on her underwear. She still would not put on the rest of  her clothes. Anna and I waited  an hour for the little girls' mom to  arrive. During the wait, I tried to get the little girl to play but she was so anxious and uncomfortable. I spoke to the mom. The mom said her daughter started showing the behavior a few months ago. She went to psychologist and they said it was schizophrenia. She was given medication but it barely work. The doctor told her to come back because it can take a while to figure out the right combo of medication. The mother decided to take the spiritual route. She  went to a few pastors who prayed for her but she was still 'sick'. She said she had just came from a spiritualist who said the thing that was attacking her daughter was a friend who had died. The friend was upset that the mom didn't attend the funeral. The little girl's Mom said she indeed had a friend who died and she did not go to the funeral because their relationship was complicated. She said the timeline of the friend's death and the beginning of her daughter's illness did coincide.  The spiritualist told her that she should go to the friend's grave and make peace. The last time I saw that little girl she was fully dressed, waving and smiling at me. Anna told me that the little girl was fine now but that was  14 years ago.
please do people with depersonalisation disorder
It would be cool to see him interview people with Bipolar
Anthony's reassurance makes me happy
Genuinely my heart goes out to them. This seems so difficult to deal with and the fact I now have the opportunity to understand is great. Such amazing people 💞
I've seen Cody on Tik tok lol  These vids are so interesting tho
Do one one people that have or used to have Stockholm syndrome
Please do a day with people with endometriosis it really needs the awareness
I think the best movie or screen depiction is the  movie A Beautiful Mind. For any interested more go check it out
These videos are so heart warming and educational even if you do or do t have experience with any of the topics you’ve shared. I would love to see you do a video on Sensory Processing Disorder. As some one who suffers greatly from this I had no idea it existed and I think it would be great to share it with others as well. Keep doing what you’re doing with all of these amazing videos, they are so impactful to so many people!
Can you please do an episode with people who have OCD? I'm honestly so fucking sick of my friends being like "haha I'm so quirky I have OCD"
This has always been a scary one for me. I’m so like proud and inspired by people who live with this disorder like you guys are seriously amazing and I know you may not feel it always but you guys are fighters and so fucking strong. Really amazing I can’t imagine how hard this would be to deal with and dealing with my own mental health it gives me so much hope to see you guys dealing with this so openly and bravely. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
What about people with Autism or body dysmorphia
I work at a psych hospital. I see this everyday! They are very very sick people. Yes dangerous at times, (I work in the forensic unit) but most end up doing very well over time. Thanks for bringing awareness to mental health! ❤️
I love Kody!! I'm so glad Anthony got in touch with him!
Please do dyslexia
I don't have schizophrenia, but sometimes I get sleep paralysis. I can somewhat relate and understand those hallucinations.
Cecilia is from SBSK
"Often we're very underestimated, or our very valid ambitions are pushed off as delusions of grandeur,  or that person not being taken seriously just because they have schizophrenia."     I have bipolar and this hit me pretty deep, because people always assume I'm manic and ask if I took my meds, whenever I'm feeling ambitious or genuinely excited to do something that improves my life.
I wish i had big platform to shoutout this channel. I want everyone to watch your videos. You are simply the BEST person to do these interviews and I love how you're so attentive, unbiased, understanding, generous and kind. You are exactly what is right in this world. Your videos are helping so many people and educating so many others. keep doing what you do!
Can you do an episode on ADHD and especially women?
During my psychology degree, it was constantly hypothesised by the lecturers and professors that we haven’t truly figured out schizophrenia yet and because people experience so many different symptoms, we’ve probably accidentally combined 2 or more mental issues into 1 diagnosis.
As a school counselor, I love watching these videos!  Thank you for bringing awareness to a variety of mental health conditions!
I wonder what happens when people with schizophrenia take acid, mushrooms, or anything mind altering
I honestly think schizophrenia people can see things that we can't.. like they have access to the other side.  And things do try messing with them. I think they're just super sensitive beings... It really sucks that they can't control it, I don't think they're crazy
I watched a video on a channel called Special Books by Special Kids. They had a man on it named Daniel Nepveux (he has a YT channel all his own now) He deals with Schizoaffective Disorder. he gives a great insight into  how hard it is for some people just to get proper effective treatment for serious mental illness.   I also worked in a mental hospital and just how some of these people are treated by even the nursing staff breaks my heart. I witnessed someone being forced given a needle even though their delusions were telling them the nursing staff and security were trying to kill them (they were restrained to the bed and security holding them down). The whole time, the patient was asking for oral meds instead of the needle because they have had it before (I think there was also a fear of needles too mixed in with the delusion). After the needle was given, the security staff cleared and asked the nurse if there was an oral for the injection. Turned out there was. The reason why I remember this so well is because I was the security staff that asked... I WAS LIVID! Things could have been handled so much differently if the nursing staff wasn't afraid of the patient (injection had a quicker response time) and just listened to them... sure it could have been a delusion but... the injection was exasperating the delusion 10 fold because they were being forced to do something they perceived as scary or ill intent.
I'm Sleeping In My Room And I Wake Up At 3am  And I'm Standing In My Bathroom I Don't Know How I Got In My Bathroom
I love how honest they are about how they feel. I really hope their lives get better, they’re amazing people no matter what they suffer from. They shouldn’t be defined by their mental illness <3
I don't have schizophrenia but I have heard sounds and voices while listening to music and sometimes I think I see things in the corner of my eyes.... It's trippy just at that level
TW: Suicide I have anxiety really bad and watching this makes me understand how these people feel. When I had a panic attack I was dissociating really bad; I saw a shadow figure go by the window in the door, and I saw myself hanging from wires tied around my neck. There was several times where I could see myself dying, whether it be from jumping off my bedroom window to ramming a steel rod into my head.  When I was younger people would always call my name then turn around. Now I sometimes hear what sounds like someone said my name when it reality no one said it. Sometimes it happens multiple times before it stops.  Although my anxiety and depression is nothing in comparison to Schizophrenia, I definitely now understand this illness just a little bit more. Thank you Anthony <3
Jorge's experience sounds very similar to DID.
*ɢᴇᴛ ʏᴏᴜʀ "ʜᴇʀᴇ ʙᴇꜰᴏʀᴇ 1 ᴍɪʟʟɪᴏɴ ᴠɪᴇᴡꜱ" ᴛɪᴄᴋᴇᴛ ʜᴇʀᴇ*
In the 70's, my dad was forced to undergo lots of electric shock "therapy" when his schizophrenia started showing signs. I'm thankful he's still around today and is doing much better on more modern medication. Thank you for covering such important topics with such empathy and respect, Anthony.
I was so bummed that I missed the call for people with OCD. looking forward to that!
Idrk if this is anything but sometimes i pinch myself bc sometimes i feel like im not there?? like i would be in the bathroom and i would have to pinch myself before i undress bc i feel like im not there
*TRIGGER WARNING* hallucination simulation @ 10:33 - skip to 10:44 - please like so other people see it  i'd appreciate if the TW came a little bit before the simulation so it gives people time to skip it, it caught me really off guard. i know it had the TW at the beginning but the video was pretty chill for me to watch aside from the simulation. anyway, i'm putting it here if anyone else needs it
Interesting 🤔
I appreciate Anthony making videos about misunderstood mental illnesses like this so much <3
Episode on those with phobias and those who have recovered! I am one of those people who have recovered and I would love to talk about it and share to those suffering or who have no clue how phobias actually take over someone's life.
Thank you Anthony for coming out with these kind of interviews that do not expose, but personally inform others on mental illness. And thank you to all who came on the show to tell their experiences.  My 'close family member' is an undiagnosed schizophrenic. My whole family and I have been trying to get her help and treatment. But how do help someone who doesnt want it, because they dont know they need it? Those who can offer up this bit of wisdom, how did you come to accepting having schizophrenia? When did you try seeking treatment? Does it help? What do I need to do so that I do not seem confrontational to her delusions? But I do not wish to play into or encourage it.  Thank you for your time whoever stumbles across this.
Who else likes Anthony’s videos before even finishing the episode
Has anyone ever walked into a room ( or maybe been over at a cousins house or whatever) heard the sound of 50 people talking but when you look around there’s like 4 people only and no one is even talking? Except like one person?
Who else is here bc they followed SchizophrenicHippie on tiktok?
Fuck you....     What? I was talking about those huge ugly spiders!
I always hallucinate spiders, but usually only in the dark. It gets to the point that I jump out of bed and turn the light on and tell my partner to get the spider, but its never there. I also used to see a woman (the same woman each time) at my window waving at me and chapping, then if I looked at her in the eye, she would be in my hallway, or in my room, or at my front door and I would have to pretend to die so she would go away and then I would wake up. sometimes in the place that I fake ‘died’ or in my bed. But that stopped since I got older and started shutting my blinds. But I dont think that it would be schizophrenia ? I dont know I still see the spiders to this day
Such an interesting episode
💜
Spent a day with therapists?
i was 9 when i heard voices when it's totally quiet around. i heard a woman yelling in the other ear and a man saying hi to me in the other one. i thought it was a supernatural thing but i learned more about it later.
schizophrenia really fucked up some people
I love Kody!!! His tiktoks are so informational
what about a day with people with adhd..?
As someone with  anxiety the start of the voice simulation was so scary that I couldn't continue watching. It breaks my heart to think what these people go through everyday.
you should make one about bipolar disorder
My gram has dementia rather than schizophrenia but from what they are describing it makes me think of her. She will see people and animals in her home. Some random people, some who have been dead for years. She thought we had an elevator in our closet. :( it’s so sad to think of her living with such confusion. She lives with my mom now as she couldn’t be alone. She would go out wandering around barefoot.
The phone trick is super interesting!
Can I just say, that Paranoid Schizophrenia, when therapeutically applied to art, creates some of the most detailed, beautiful pieces of art I've ever seen.   If you're interested---as I was---look up 'paranoid schizophrenic draws what they see' and soak up the emotion, and depth of their mind's eye.   The pieces of art I saw were better than some master's work. I'd like to think that these people are blessed and cursed at the same time.   Blessed, because they have vivid imagination and intelligence.  Cursed, because they have to cope and deal with the stress of it for the rest of their lives.
"I hallucinate spiders" Holy shit when life is litterally a horror movie O.O
thank you for bringing awareness and not making people think im crazy ❤️
I’m glad I watched this video to become more informed about this disorder. I have had family member and friends make fun of this mental disorder and found it to be completely disgusting. These people aren’t bad people they just have something that makes their life experience different than ours. I hope more people in the future treat them with respect.
Anthony are you okay? You Look so exausted
wonder if they only see/hear things in real life or if it happens when they watch movies too
Thank you, I’ve wanted you to make this video for a long time now. My mom has schizophrenia but she doesn’t get visual hallucinations. It’s a major part of my life and more people need to know about it. One person I used to know told me to my face, that my mom was crazy. I trusted her but I shouldn’t have. She knew nothing about schizophrenia even though she thought she did. We were 10, but I won’t forgive her for telling everyone and mentally abusing me for being underweight, short and having anxiety to the point where my Trichotillomania, and depression worsened. She also would tease me and purposely give me Misophonia triggers. I’m 13 and I haven’t talked to her for a year. I’m trying to get better. You read this far? Wow. Thanks lol. Have a nice day 🙃
Ya'll we are here watching this video and now that you've 'learnt a lot' and 'know better' you better make sure you're applying this shit.  Next time you see others calling characters in media 'psychotic' or a 'psycho' for being violent or murderous, *EDUCATE* them. But don't think you know any better than those that suffer from psychosis/people with schizophrenia, so point them towards resources BY said people. We gotta work our ways towards doing better for others.  (This absolutely went up a lil during the Among Us spree. I'm not saying u cant enjoy violent media and such, I love that shit myself, just stop associating these people and words with That)
Could you interview people with adhd as people think it's 'quirky' and 'cool' but it's not
Anthony, you are a true blessing. I would really like to see an episode about Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, because it’s so stigmatized and trivialized
I love Cody !!! He’s so sweet and helpful and his dog Luna is the best service dog
I'll be back here when I finally become a psychologist
Dude I dont know if I'd be able to handle this, these guys are so freaking amazing for being able to live with schizophrenia
I'm so glad you made this episode. Before if I found out that the person I'm talking to has schizophrenia I would have been scared or asked some of those unsuitable questions that was mentioned not to ask. Now I know how to react to a person like that in the most supporting way possible. Thank you Anthony and all the people in this video 😊.
I found this so cool. I really try to emphasize this this people and how they live.  I hope society stop using them in thrillers and horror movies. They are not killers.
I want some gag episodes
My own experience with psychosis is I’ve never heard or seen someone or something that is not there. I’ve thought the people who were actually around me were saying things that they weren’t. The things they were telling me weren’t scary or bad but they were actually encouraging me, telling me I could do it ( I was writing a test) and I felt incredibly useless and confused and depressed. The one visual hallucination I remember is my own face changing when I looked into a mirror. I’ve also hallucinated music before. It’s different for everyone, and it can be scary but it also depends on how the people around you react towards you.
this is so enlightening. all the guests seem so lovely!
Please do an episode with asexual people! I think it would be very interesting.
Great episode! Thank you for this episode
Thank you for fixing the caption issue! Now I can watch, enjoy, and learn from this video. Thank you so much for always doing your best to make your channel accessible for all!
I never had a negative connotation of schizophrenia but even this video taught me so much more than I already knew. Thank you for making this. I appreciated this so much.
I thought I knew who Cecilia was then I remembered she was the girl from the ted talk I watched 6 months ago... Thanks for the reminder <3
This really helped to explain alot about both schizophrenia and DID.   The difference was very confusing until now. Thanks for interviewing these nice people.  Thanks to the interviewees. 🎃👍🏻
i’ve always touched the wall to get back to reality, i’ve never heard of anyone else doing that...it kind of blew my mind and validated the way i feel & my experiences. Thank you for making this video..
She is the second person I hear that they are afraid of IT. No... it's not even scary.  Clowns yes, but this thing is just stupid for kids. -_-
10:38 scared me so much I was so close to crying and that lasted a couple seconds only, wow people with schizophrenia are so brave.
Oh my gosh yes! I hate it when people say something is 'just a cry for help' or 'just for attention'. The response should be to help them! Pay attention to them! Listen to them! If they need help and are telling you through their actions due to mental illness, then listen to them. Don't dismiss or talk for me. Is so heartbreaking and so true. You get punished for self harming or trying to commit suicide, you don't have people trying to help you
When he brought up Etika's story, I got emotional too. What happened was such a tragedy and proves we need to normalise talking about mental health more
I know that is not like a big "struggle" or anything. but I would really love if you could interview people with dyslexia. I  think around 10% if people struggle with this learning disability and I think that will help some people who don't know/think they have dyslexia to actually let themselves get diagnosed! because most people think they are just dumb but most of the time it can just be because of dyslexia
My aunt has schizophrenia and she's a really nice person she's just very disconnected from the rest of what's going on
I'm glad he stopped saying "wonderous world" lmao
FORMER AMISH PEOPLE PLEASE
Could you do a "I spent a day with ex-drug addicts" ?
Omg I was thinking to myself "I feel like I have seen Cecilia before." and then when you showed cut outs of her ted talk I was like "OMG I SAW HEEER TED TALK ON SCHIZOPHRENIA!" I really like her, she reminds me of a teacher I had in Elementary school (first teacher that wasn't ackting malicious towards me and sided with me and not my bullies)  Cecilia is so nice and soft spoken. I could listen to her voice all day!
Could you make a part 2 of dissociative identity disorder. I loved the first part and second part would be A GIFT FROM JESUS ITSELF.
Why did that tree thing scare me so much
Can we look at PTSD
I've been trying to find something like this forever !  Finally knowing what other schizophrenics are feeling and going through. I personally go through a lot of different things but this has made me feel so normal. Thank you so helpful knowing others go through similar things.  Please if there are more people out there I would love to know their story
My sister has schizophrenia, and when she was diagnosed with it it was a shock for me and my whole family because she never told us anything and always acted normal .. I still feel guilty sometimes for not being there for her when she needed it. please always check up on your loved ones and help them. ( with our help and support shes doing better now)
I just really want to thank all these guests for talking about their experiences, it's an incredibly brave thing to do. But in particular Jorge. What he said really rang true to me with my struggles with mental health disorders and finding it hard to talk about them.  I just think it's so so important to normalise conversations about mental health and do whatever we can to listen to people who need it. Jorge is such an incredible individual for bearing his soul like that and it really moved me. Please guys! Reach out if you need it and never ever give up. Mental health and wellbeing is so so important never feel weak or afraid to talk about how you feel, you are loved and someone will always listen 💜
Would you mind spending a day with someone who's performed actual excorcisms? The grandad of a friend of mine for when he was a missionary in Africa, and wrote quite vividly about it in a book on his time there.
Kody I already follow your TikTok and I LOVE it!!
When he mentioned Etika I teared up. He was spot on. It really puts everyone’s views on feelings and on mental health in perspective. Hopefully more people will grow more aware and accepting about various of stigmatized things.
Meet people with Bipolar Disorder  please
Can you spend a day with people who are good at parkour
Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a good way experience what these people may experience
I had a completely different vision of what people with schizophrenia were like, and i’m so grateful to Anthony for helping me change my ignorant mind every week
What if we are in a simulation and schizophrenia is just like an error (no hate I just thought of it)
did not appreciate the visuals of spiders, but 10/10 video overall
I'm a psych nurse and I loved this episode!!! I love working with my schizophrenic patients! Its amazing to see them really get the help they need and help them improve. I work in a locked facility, so generally we get people that are in crisis. I'm so glad your guests are doing well and thank you all so much for spreading awareness!!!
I was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia at young age. now a little more than 1 year im in remission.  And  this interview is hard to watch, remember what im trying to forget. but comments section is really warming - people look so good and understanding. And i believe - One day all people having this "problem" will reach healthy mind state. but... after long time dealing with this illness get into remission is pretty heavy time too - take into different reality is like suddenly get into different dimension :)  keep goin' guys!
12:09 "You're not gonna see a giant spider walking down the street"  Sorry as an Australian I beg to differ
after what i have heared from these people  i actually think i have SCHIZOPHRENIA cuz most the things they say is stuff that happens to me
I experienced something like this for over a year and a half and let me tell you it's NOT fun. I can't even imagine having had that your whole life or even just longer than I did, it was traumatic. Even as a kid (6 until 16) I had a few symptoms of this, and it is not talked about enough AT ALL! Which is very scary. Mental health wellbeing studies is something that should be taught at school so thank you Anthony for bringing a bigger audiences attention to these mental illnesses/disorders.
My grandma has schizophrenia
Yoo I watched the girl'd ted talk before. It's great, you should see it
i salute you guys for coming out and teaching us and correcting any misconceptions that we have. i tollay appreciate anthony for having this kind of discussions. stay strong everyone.
i remember watching cecilias video on schizophrenia by special books by special kids and i’m so glad she’s still doing well 😫💕💕
bro i thought that guy in the thumbnail was faze banks
What if the things they see are actually real but we just can't see them
I really do commend all of these people. I couldn't imagine hallucinating with such severity, I honestly think I would die of fright.
❤️ you ALL are worth it ❤️
You should do a video about native Americans! That would be really interesting
How is driving with schizophrenia?
My counselor says I have schizophrenia but we went to my doctor and she said to my mom i didn't have it so look into my home life. I'm not sure I'm only 15 I feel hear and see.
Can we give props to him actually give these people a voice without judgment or implied his own self motives to this interviews. Love you dude
You should do an episode on type 1 diabetics. Im personally living with this disease and it would be an interesting topic!
thank you for shedding light on things like this, anthony.
This is such a hard disorder to suffer from. Well done to all of them for being survivors!
I feel bad for the girl who sees the clown. That must be really hard I'm so scared of clowns.
this videos make me want to find this kind of people with this problems and just talk and act to them like any other human i met !
Could you do an episode of Dyslexia. As a person who deals with dyslexia a lot of people don’t understand or know about it enough. It would really mean a lot. Thank you.
I love all the mental health related episodes. Keep it going, Anthony 💕
Please do 'I spent a day with kleptomaniacs'
Psychology In Seattle’s YouTube channel also has a deep dive on Schizophrenia and it’s a great accompaniment to anyone that wants to learn more about schizophrenia :)
As a psych nurse, I love this, this is an issue I wish more people understood ❤️
Everyone tells you this, but I find it amazing how considerate and empathetic you are as an interviewer. Wish there were more people like you, Anthony.
Anthony makes all his guest feel so special and good about sharing their stories hes so emphathetic like omg its so comforting
My italian teacher was talking about how some people are considered crazy because they percieve the world in a different way... the wrong thing is that he was putting schizophrenia, bipolarism and dissociative identity disorder (he called it multiple personality disorder) all together... like as if they were they same thing. I said twice that he was wrong but he just ignored me.  School is where misinformation starts and with ignorant teachers like mine the world will become worse... i wish mental health was treated in school as it should.
I live with a brother who’s Schizophrenic-and I see he lives with paranoia. He’s in denial about his disorder and unfortunately gets agitated and violent sometimes , he’s struggled w this and being put in various jails and hospitals. He is extremely paranoid , and is often talking to the voices in his head. And believes is very delusional.
I couldn't imagine it. When I was a kid I went to my grandma's house and there were a lot of spiders there. When I came back I hallucinated a spider running towards me and I called to my parents and they were confused but as soon as they turned on the light the spider left. I hallucinated a cockroach on a train once too. I heard footsteps walking up the stairs with me once too in the middle of the night that scared the shit out of me. But these are the only times. Idk how I'd feel if I had to see this all the time, with worse hallucinations, because it scared the shit out of me and this is such a small deal. I wish them the best
whats the difference between psychics and schizophrenics ?
I love watching these videos because its great to find out more information about mental health issues
it looks like hes talking to someone in a mirror
This makes me think a lot of how schizophrenia would've been reacted to in the past (like, centuries ago).  Were some "possessions" just people with schizophrenia, kinda like how some "possessions" likely were people just having seizures? Were some people appointed as mediums and psychics because their hallucinations were believed to be ghosts and spirits? Were people convicted for witchcraft because they were seeing things others weren't? Were people thought to be deeply spiritually "in tune with nature" because plants talked to them? This stuff is SO fascinating!
not too long ago, a man jumped off the third floor of my local hospital. everyone thought it was suicide at first but a psychiatrist from the hospital said the man had schizophrenia and told him he could fly a day earlier. its still extremely shocking to me because my mom witnessed it
Since my biological mother has schizophrenia, this video made me very happy that it’s having more awarenes brought to it <3
I don’t know if you read your comments but you should spend a day with non-binary people we’re really interesting :)
Unrelated to the topic but anthony in rings 😳
Could you maybe do a "I spent a day with ex Kpop trainees or Kpop trainees" since there's a lot more to it than you would think and it's a really exhausting job and so on
Great job! Thank you!
My friend was diagnosed with Schizofrenia. This video has taught me alot about him and his disorder
Can u plz add captions options ur videos r soo informative and great I just would love to share it with my family who don’t speak English
please do someone with adhd :)
As a person with schizophrenia, I'm really happy to get this representation/ accurate information. Instead of people just assuming we're "crazy" or "unsafe "
Anthony!!! Please have a couple of people over that work with the fae in your channel! I would love to see that!  Keep the good work
What's the story with that ooof head? Lol and you BETTER decorate for Christmas 🖤
Just wanted to chime in with a little psych fact! One of the reasons that schizophrenia is sometimes confused with DID is because "schizophrenia" literally means "splitting of the mind." [Greek roots: *schizo* (split) + *phren* (mind).] The name is meant to describe a "loosened" mental state, but some people take it literally and just think, "Oh, split personalities." Hope that helps clear things up :)
CECILIA HIIIII U LOOK SO PRETTY !!!! thanks for speaking about guys
I will say that this does scare me because I can't imagine myself being schizophrenic. Must be hard to live with and it is very scary. Good thing to speak and educate us about such taboo topics. 👍🏽
he said reserve instead of keep more of a secret :0
I love that you do this series Anthony bc it is SO IMPORTANT to me to have people like you in this world that focus on bridging the gap between people so we can all unite and realize differences are GOOD and this series helps us all understand different things about people. I believe fear comes from not being educated about things and this definitely helps. My heart goes out to these people, it's gotta be so hard being schizophrenic 🖤 if we could just all be more understanding , this world could be such a different place. I hope more people watch this series and I hope more people follow your footsteps. And you're so sexy FYI lmao okay byeee
What a you it video meme
L am vietnam
I’m so excited that you’re interviewing Cecilia McGough!! Her TedTalk opened my eyes to Schizophrenia and other mental illnesses and I’m so glad to see her again. She inspired me to learn more about rare mental illnesses. <3
OMG I watched one of her talks a while back, and I knew who that was but I didn’t put 2 and 2 together until like halfway through the video when they played the clip!
I have so much empathy for these people. They are so much stronger than they are giving themselves credit for. To experience those horrific things and question your reality would be like living in a nightmare. I am glad that there is treatment available to help manage such a condition.
I feel so bad for schizophrenics. It’s such a harsh disease.
I wonder if Cecilia see's the clown when she's in her bedroom.
Me and my psycholegist had to work out if I had it or if it was a sifeeffect from my depression. Turns out my depression was making me have these symptomes.
Jorge thank you for being so vulnerable with us. We really appreciate you sharing your story
I really appreciate the way he asks questions, he's really respectful and someone fun to talk to
Amazing to see some high functioning schizophrenia sufferers! I feel so much empathy for those who are absolutely lost in this mental illness. People are amazing
I really appreciate the way Anthony shares their perspective with us so clearly.
would love you to do a video with people with eating disorders
Human brain is something amazing
Perception defines reality. If your brain is rendering out an experience and you are there, experiencing it, then it's just as real as anything else. You should not have to feel shame due to your reality being different from those around you. Huge props to the guests in this video.  Thank you Anthony for making this video. Hopefully, more understanding will lead to less fear and stigma out here in the world of psychosis and schizophrenia.
Thank you so much to Cecelia, Jorge and Kody for giving us a glimpse into this life. And thank you to Anthony and all his production staff for taking these important topics and doing them justice like this.
Me scanning my room for spiders since they visit occasionally 💔
Again - such a great interview! Thank you and all interviewees! All the best from Germany.
This really helped me understand and learn more about schizophrenia
would a schizophrenic person say? " my brain is fucking with me "
Interesting to hear the different experiences of schizophrenia]. Im wondering if I have mild symptoms, it as started hallucinating, it’s so real I sometimes jump (what;s that?) as sometimes I’d see objects - like right in front of me, and  often just to the side of my visual field- that aren’t there anymore after I blink.
the etica incident alway remind me how terrible of a person keemstar is for making jokes of etica, interviewing him in his show and portraying him as a nutjob.
Can you do a video with people who have altered apparences? E.g people who have gone through traumas effecting their appearance, people born with a different appearance. I don't think many people talk about the struggles that a person with a "different" appearance may have.
thank you so much for sharing! i work with a psychiatrist and its really good to learn about schizophrenia so i can understand better how to make people feel comfortable when around me at the reception 💓 u're amazing teachers
Someone told me, "They're not crazy, nor possessed. It only means that their brains do not function the way ours do. Like how theirs produce increased amount of dopamine and ours produce just enough." And until now I hold unto that.
So I have suggestive anxiety. So if someone mentions a bad/“culturally bad” thing, there’s a chance I can pick that up in my anxiety. Does anyone else have this? Or am I thinking too much?🤣
Anak indihome kalo dikita nih
This episode reminded me of the movie A Beautiful Mind. Thank you for the wonderful episode.
i figured that when im sick and go to sleep i have schizophrenic dreams, like 99% of times i dream the same thing, random people or objects would walk up to me with blur faces and scream at me but i dont get this images while being awake. I cant imagine how schizophrenic people feel seeing this most of the time , they are really brave and we should never make fun of any kind of ppl, much love to all
My father had schizophrenia. I have never really met him because my mother was scared he would hurt me. This video is very interesting for me since I never knew what schizophrenia exactly was.
I just wanted to tell everybody in this video that you are valid !! your mental health is valid !! , you are doing great on your own personal journey and don’t be afraid to tell people or be your self !! YOU ARE A FREAKING AMAZING PERSON and don’t let anyone tell you otherwise!!! And Anthony thanks you sharing this video and helping people to understand Schizophrenia !
I just want to say THANK YOU to your guests :) 💜
cool video
My grandma is suffering from Schizophrenia and it makes me cry that I cant do anything while she is suffering...
It would be cool to do like a video call with people who got schizophrenia and relatives of people who got schizophrenia and are trying to understand more of what’s going on inside their heads because not every one of them is conscious of their illness or simply denies it and it’s not simple to « help » them
My dad's aunt had schizophrenia since she was 16. Soon she became addicted to her meds and smoking.  Whenever we visited her she was kind and loving, but I remeber how she would answer our questions with totally different things. My dad said she imagined what the conversation would go like and then even if it didn't go that way she would still think it did. Sadly I only learned about her disorder after her death, but I wish my parents would have told me sooner. When a couple of years ago I started hearing a voice who would whisper in my ear and I would feel like someone was following me all day I think my dad was scared I would end up like his aunt. Now I don't hear that voice anymore and I was diagnosed with deppression and anxiety this year but that year when I experienced those things was frightening ( I was 14 ). Now I try to learn about mental disorders and help start conversations about them. Thank you Anthony for doing these videos and a big thank you to everyone participating <3
I've seen Cecelia a few times online now between her TED talk and SBSK and every time I see her she seems to be doing better and better and be happier. I'm really happy for her embracing who she is and being brave enough to be honest to the world. It definitely helps break down the negative stigma.
Thank you all for your bravery. Bipolar is coming up right
I think we should be teaching kids to talk about their feelings and thoughts, good and bad! because we all have an instinct to what is healthy feelings and what might be harmful feelings/thoughts. And parents/adults need to learn how to shut up and listen! But mental health in more depth, like different diagnoses, maybe wait til they're passed puberty. No matter what a child is feeling/expressing, there should be no shame and no words like "don't cry, don't be scared, stop screaming" because that will teache the child that it's not ok to express the whole spectrum of feelings and they start turing it inwards. Help them process those feelings and put the right word there, if they're crying, confirm them: "you look sad, do you want a hug" if they're angry and throwing a fit "you seem really really mad, do you want to be alone or do you want to breath a bit"... it gives them SO MUCH understanding of themselves and of others an they become empathetic at a very early age. And it gives them tools to express themselves in words instead of throwing things or harming themselves or others.
What happened to the man who had mania?
Thank you so much for making video about schizophrenia, it really helped me a lot to understand this topic more but i would be more grateful if you had maded this video at the time of my psychology exam.
okay but what the guy said about the trees and plants whispering is fact not fiction <3
thank you so much for making this and thank you to the people who spoke. schizophrenia is a disorder that i’m really interested in.
i'd love to see a video on ppl w chronic illnesses! POTS, EDS, endometriosis, others, and undiagnosed illnesses!
Can you please spend a day with people with social anxiety?
PLEASE do intrusive thoughts 🥺      Please like so he can see. I don’t like begging for likes but I have commented this on multiple vids and he hasn’t seen
Schizophrenia is different for a lot of people, my uncle Albert has it wicked bad, he killed his girlfriend because he thought his dead mom (my Grandma) was gonna kill his gf. But he killed her so he's now in a mental hospital for the rest of his life where he should be
YES I follow him on tik tok. Also plz do intrusive thoughts
Please do intrusive thoughts
4:09 I feel like this guy might have undiagnosed DID ? Or am I just ignorant?
Thank you so much for doing this, also for finding all these wonderful people, who would like to share. This disorder is one of the huge things that effect my everyday life, as my little brother has a combination of all the symptoms of the different types. I love him, but it is hard. He is seen as someone who is weird or scary, and it breaks my heart, because I know how much he want to be accepted. (By anyone really..) I know it can be hard when you see someone who talks to himself/or what he see, is forced to hear loud music outside, or on the train. Strangers stare at him, whisper when they see him, and it makes it worse. It triggers manic episodes, and it make me wish people had more knowledge about mental health and mental disorders in generel. It's not fun, if you start laughing with some friends, and point at someone because they behave different. This happens often.. And what these people dont know, is that the rude behavior they show, gives him suicidal thoughts.   At first I honestly didnt know much about schizophrenia before my brother was diagnozed, and I was shocked how much I thought I know that was just bullshit. But one thing I also wish people know, (some dont like to hear it) but in my brothers case it is likely that starting to do weed made the symptoms worse. Before that, he had a few symptoms but we could handle it. After, it got really bad. I dont care about your opinion about weed or drugs, but if you are someone who read this and are thinking it would help to calm you down - Even if I am a stranger, I hope you will try getting help in another way. There are no turning back for my brother, I can only be there for him, support him, love him, but smoking a lot of weed did make his symptoms a lot worse. So please dont take it lightly.
You need like 50m subs dude!!!!!!! This is some quality content!!!!!!! And people should take mental health seriously, it's not a meme!!!!
please talk about depersonlization
One time, only once, I was left at home by my parents with my maid. I heard her calling my name and I responded around 6 times, thinking she didn't hear me since she kept calling my name. She came outside where she was and asked me why I was shouting, and told her that she was calling me. She wasn't.
Wholesome
Thank you so much for doing this😭
Schizophrenia would be cool if human mind wasn't fucked up.
Hey Anthony! I think you should make a "I spent a day with colorblind people"  The colorblind world is really rare and interesting, it'd be really cool to know more about this condition!  I know a youtuber that would sure be pleased of getting interviewed by you, his name is GeorgeNotFound :)
....what if they're actually connected with the unseen world?🤔
This video is so interesting, i really learned something! Amazing videos!
Kudos to the editors and the entire team behind this amazing series. That part where they simulated the sounds and visuals 👏
I love videos Anthony but you lost me at clown 👋🏼
I wonder if they have watched the movie a beautiful mind. I think it depicts schizophrenia similar to what they described and the main character is smart and successful.
Kinda miss that music when introducing each guest
aaaa this video has helped me so much!<3
Yes, mental health should be taught at school. RIP Etika.
As someone who's not diagnosed with schizophrenia, i do have some experience where i see weird silhouettes just passing around me out of the blue, and there's this one time where i saw a translucent child just walked out of our kitchen while i was washing the dishes, and also there's this time where im laying on the bed, ready to go to sleep then someone blew on my ear, i felt the cold air and my hair near that ear moved like it was blown away. I haven't paid attention to any of it and i won't consider it as schizophrenia. But i did asked my mom to send me to  a psychiatrist but she just brished it of thinking that im just a stressed college student but im clearly not. I started seeing and feeling them ever since i was 10 or 11
I have schizophrenia and it is honestly one of the worst things I have ever experienced. The delusions are so strong it makes you do weird things. I’ve attempted suicide a few times. It completely takes over your life. I wouldn’t wish it on anyone. Thankfully with medication, I am finally doing a lot better and can actually see now that I have schizophrenia. I am so thankful for my family and boyfriend who have helped protect me when I was doing very badly. They supported me so much throughout my illness.
That girl seemed familiar and then I realised I watched her TED talk! Her hair is short but she doesn't look older so that threw me off for few minutes 😁
Anthony, why don't you wear socks? This really bothers me...
i might have schizophrenia to be completely honest :(
the auditory hallucinations tiktok *scared the shit out of me*
Thank you so much, I just started dating guy and he has schizophrenia. This helps me understand him more.
ive had schizophrenia for approx 2 years now and it always  bothered me that it's such a misunderstood disorder so im really glad you made this
i feel sad when people mention etika, i miss him so much. RIP Desmond Emofah
This was a BRILLIANT video! Well done Anthony and all the interviewees!
I feel sorry for that roof
The second his voice broke I also started crying. Media needs to stop creating such mean stereotypes. ESP modern day horror? I used to be quite a fan but seeing your videos I realize modern day horror movies literally just stigmatize mental health struggles. So messed up.
wow that sounds really hard to live with, sounds like a permanent bad trip, they strong asf
These people are really amazing, the girl is so positive and she really encourages us that you can get through whatever situation it is now and she takes the positive side out of everything. The guy with the cap was so innovative and he found so many ways to deal with his situation and how to distract himself from all of that. The guy with the glasses was trying to let his guard down just so people will realize that they can feel emotions too just like us, and that we shouldn't underestimate them or treat them like they aren't one of us. They're just like us, love for the people out there who are having tough times. You can do this and I trust you, you can.
Really interesting episode! I personally experience sleep paralysis with visual and auditory hallucinations. I used to be really worried about having hallucinations when awake usually the day after I had had sleep paralysis hallucinations that I would constantly brace myself when I would turn a corner or open a cabinet like "ok... if it happens, it happens, it's not real". I hope these people will manage their disorder and I wish them well! I also really appreciated the talk about Etika.
my aunty heard voices. she was the sweetest woman ever and i miss her.
we love you and your guests anthony
interview moral philosophers! we all like to think that we know what is good and what isn't, but for them, its their job to question their stances for years, so i think they'd have interesting things to say
Can Anthony please be my Therapist? Holy shit, this dude always knows what to say, and will make you happy no matter what mood you’re in
Thank you for being so respectful and lettig them share their story. ❤
Yes you brought Cecilia back! I remember an interview from her a few years ago and I really loved her. So proud of her! What a strong intelligent woman ❤️💪
How about Bi-Polar's? People usually don't get how STRONG those mood swings are. When I'm in a serious 'down' I suddenly stop being the pilot and I can only watch as I ruin myself. As if my impulses take over whatever I'm doing whenever I'm doing until the 'down' is over. The 'Up' isn't as bad emotionally, but it can also create unhealthy impulses and habits.  It's quite interesting, really. And I'm just a soft case.
omg finally one person who sees himself to be in coma sometimes just like me. yepp, derealization  :(((
Gorje, thank you for speaking up💙
oh this is very triggering
Schizophrenia does not equal violent.
I have been diagnosed I wanted to be on this episode kinda glad I wasn’t tho bc anxiety but I liked what the guests had to say
I've the greatest respect for these brave people! Thank you for speaking about this, all of you guys!!!
Who else has noticed he doesn’t say  “wonderous”world of (.....) anymore I think that’s really considerate  that he just says world because he understands that it isn’t pleasant for the people with the disorder
You are amazing Anthony💜💜
First of all I want to say thanks for your videos. I created a group on Facebook called The Spazz Army. I’ve shared your videos so they know they’re not alone. The Spazz Army has serious stuff however we use humour also. Especially my crazy Karaoke videos to show that you can still have fun when suffering mental illness.
Man this making me paranoid...hearing all these creepy stories at 2pm when I’m the only house lit up...😳
People with Arachnophobia, from 9:52 to 9:57 and 11:57 to 12:03 both have pictures of spiders in them. You don’t miss anything in these parts, they were just talking about how Cecilia can’t differentiate real spiders and hallucination spiders.
i am watching this alone in the dark and i am fucking scared
lets get to 5 mil baby
I noticed AHS 1984 influence.
I wish media would portray mental health in a better way because they people are just like us
Can someone tell me the name of the song in the beginning? I mean when Anthony explains what schizophrenia is.
i‘d really appreciate an episode with people who have DR/DP! i have a hard time explaining to others what life feels like to me
*Delayed reminder to not use these videos as a form of self-diagnosis!!* If you're genuinely concerned, get it checked professionally
I miss old Anthony.
I've known some really amazing people with Schizophrenia so I'm kinda protective of people who have it. Kind of like I'd be protective of a younger sibling.
i really hate the backround sounds
You should make an episodes on ADHD and bring on some youtubers like Ryan Higa and Ethan Nestor. I realized that for some reason there's a lot of youtubers with HDHD.
I don't understand why is it so hard to teach "normal" people, that everyone has their own "normal"...
All these people are so sweet and it's so brave of them to talk about the negative things they're dealing with.
A family friend around my age (19) was diagnosed with schizophrenia a couple years ago and I’m guilty for treating them differently and even going as far as distancing myself from them and wow this video helped me so much. I understand more and hope I can reconnect with him and apologize for my behavior
Okay, but the camera trick?? Kody's out here with the life hacks™, nice🤔
Please do a video for bringing awareness of Bipolar Disorder!
My dad has squizophrenia, he would hell us growing up to talk in codes because they were listening to us. He will tell us that the food was poisoned, that my mom was trying to kill him. He will randomly start buying toys, he would tell us the ac was trying to poison us. It’s been 8 years he’s getting skinnier and it’s hard because I don’t see him as often and he doesn’t want to go treat. I just hope he can see this video and be like he used to be when we were way younger. I’m not sure if he was abused when he was younger because he would always tell me and my brother, how we should always be careful of older people. He was always telling us how his brother was really bad with him. But who knows man, I just wish he could be good.
can you do one with people that have intrusive thoughts
I have real trouble dealing with hallucinations due to chronic sleepdeprivation. I am so proud of myself for not going psychotic.  Then you have these people.. must be a 100 times harder! Dealing with all that and delusions sound so intense... respect!  My ex-boyfriend had schizophrenia. He was extremely kindhearted, intelligent and creative. Sadly he was mostly hospitalised for his own safety but they did not treat him well there... truly sad. People mostly treat him like a walking breathing illness or dangerous. I have heavy PTSD and i NEVER felt afraid for my own safety. People make his life so much worse, if i would guess i guess they are the worst part.
Kody looks so chill
Rip Etika. J O Y C O N B O Y Z
I didn’t realize until the picture was shown that Cecilia is the same girl that did the TED talk and talked about the clown :o all of her hallucinations sound like she’s living in a horror movie I have reoccurring dreams ab the It clown and spiders
how is this dude not have 20m subscribers already!!!!!
When i was in this continuation school at age 14-15 i had this awesome counselor that was counseling my sister and he was just so understanding and open. He told me how he’s schizophrenic. He said he got bullied at school when he was younger and the voices would make fun of the bullies and it would make him laugh. And the bullies asked him why he was laughing but he just walked away. I thought it was adorable. I know it’s not always adorable or fun at all to have schizophrenia but i liked how that helped him in that moment.
I am feeling 1000 different emotions watching this. I am crying,  laughing, enjoying, feeling pain, feeling thankful that they are doing great!  What a difficult thing to be human 😫 World is a test.
Both my mom and my uncle have schizophrenia.  I love people bringing light to it, it’s a horribly misunderstood mental disorder
This is really great to see. I have schizoaffective disorder, which is on the same spectrum of disorders as schizophrenia, and people truly do not know much about the conditions. I have lost many friends when they found out or because something happened and I went temporarily awol and they didn't know the reason because I was afraid to tell them. Spreading accurate information and removing the stigma around psychotic disorders is a huge step in the right direction. I hope to one day be unafraid to tell people about my illness and to not be abandoned, feared, or treated as a science experiment because of it.
Is there a horror movie based on schizophrenia ? So that I can experience how they really feel
I have Eds (Ehlers danlos Syndrome) and I would love to see you interview people with that syndrome.
Is this the first episode where every guest actually shouted out stuff in less than 5 seconds?
Oh my god I didnt expect Etika to get mentioned RIP my man <3
If you’re battling schizophrenia, or any mental illness, please please talk to people about it. Anyone at all who seems trustworthy and understanding enough. Please try to not hide it and suffocate in your mind, or end up doing something to yourself that you can’t take back. Your life matters and it will always matter.
When he mentioned Etika it hit really hard,,
having schizophrenia is probably like living on a horror movie
the amount of people thinking symptoms of schizophrenia were demons, possession, etc makes me wonder how many “possessed” people were actually just schizophrenic
evertime you discuss a mental disease, you convince me that i have it as well
I'm glad that he's using his platform to educate people about other people's jobs, struggles and experiences
im so happy they had kody on here
My neighbor of 8 years has schizophrenia, hes attacked our whole block but mainly us. claiming we kidnapped his gf (of which he stabbed and she left him), and many other random reasons. As well as going around the block and shooting arrows through windows. He has had quite the aggressive criminal history. He got so aggressive over the years. This past year he ran over our other neighbors during a BBQ. hitting 3 of them, killing 1. He always refused the help we all knew he needed and I wish he would’ve been better. He hurt so many people instead of getting help.
Ive been waiting so long for this video since cody mentioned it on tiktok! So good!
Could you do an episode with bipolar disorder?
Aaaa i love Cecilia
Distraction is exactly what I use to cope with my schizophrenia. My story has been a bit rocky and I’m still taking it day by day but I definitely feel like I’m in a place where I’m stable-ish. 20 years of this has been taxing but I generally feel like it is such a norm for me that I don’t mention that I have it to people because I’m not constantly thinking “I have schizophrenia “. The thought doesn’t cross my mind to say anything because it’s like... telling someone your shoe size. Why would they need to know your shoe size to be your friend? A lot of people I know don’t know or think that I have schizophrenia. It’s not noticeable. I’ve had this for so long that it’s impossible for me to lose it when I hallucinate in front of other people. The only person who can tell that I’m actively hallucinating sometimes is my mom. I’ll glance at the ceiling or outside of a window and really lock eyes with what I’m seeing and immediately look away just like someone would do if they saw a car go by outside they would look out of the window for a second and see it go by and then go back to what they were doing but in my case what was on the ceiling or outside of the window is still there I just decided that by trying to.... god it’s hard to explain... it’s like mentally changing a conversation and by doing that I can go on with what I was doing.
10:27 “Fingertits” 😂😂
Growing up in an environment where people only know about autism and down syndrome was a challenge, because if you're not autistic people here will treat you like a crazy people, and crazy people in here lives in the street and naked all the time. When I realize about my situation it was such a relief actually, even though some people will get confused, because here Schizophrenia is seen as the same as DID, which is totally different.  Thank you so much Anthony to make this episode!!!
i love kody his content on tiktok is so educational and enjoyable to watch <3 check him out!
My brother has schizophrenia and Im really glad your spreading more awareness about this because people always think he's dangerous
i never thought they'd be well aware that it's all unreal and stuff
Their world sounds like a SCP containtment breach.
Probably the most interesting video youve made so far
Maybe for the next one you could do "i spent the day with eating disorder/ED recoveries" or something related to ED's? as a person with and ED it would be really nice to see
I noticed in the last few vids he took away "wondrous" from "the wondrous world of [insert topic here]". I remembered in the DID one, he used "wondrous" and Nin corrected him.
I wanna see Misophonia featured in one of these videos one day, that’d be cool
I wish he would do a I spent a day with teens on the autism spectrum because I’m on the autism spectrum and it would be cool to see other people talking about there autism.
Thankyou for this video. I'm currently on anti psychotic medication but cuz im 17 they don't want to diagnose me so this video gave me a little reassurance
This channel really is a high quality Treat
The timing of this video is pleasantly ironic for me. My bf has schizoaffective disorder and while I know there are differences and I've done some research, I wanted to watch to learn more. I want to help my bf, but he doesn't want to talk about it, doesn't want treatment due to negative past experiences, and he says grounding and meditation don't work. It's so difficult for me as I have anxiety myself. I have a great uncle with schizophrenia who is overall not well (no meds), and I'm afraid that my bf will end up in a similar way. I don't know what to do. Then this video came up. One thing that gave me hope is that Kody is married and his wife has stood by him. I don't know how my relationship will go, but it was encouraging to see an example where it can work out with this kind of disorder. I enjoyed the video as a whole, of course, and look forward to watching more videos like this.
Wow, this really made me rethink how to view people with schizophrenia. I thought I knew about the disorder but I really didn't!
Hey Anthony, I'd love to see an episode on anxiety disorders (social, generalised etc.). They are probably the most common disorders but I still think people don't fully understand the difference between being shy and being anxious all the time.   Btw loved the video!!
Believing/feeling that I am not actually experiencing real life but a dream and being the only one thinking that would be so terrifying
I feel like the stock videos that are used to explain things (while very helpful) mostly show white people, maybe it could be more diverse. I noticed that especially while listening to Jorge. I think his hallucinations would depict people looking more like him (of course I don't know that for sure).
I just wanted to say i appreciate you for giving misunderstood groups a platform and an opportunity to correct misinformation or just give us a better idea of how serious certain things are
I’m 14 and Watching this makes me a bit scared bc I feel like I might be starting to get it
very interesting
this is awesome this really helps because I wanna be a psychologies so this is great info
Wow. So intense. They are usually kind frightened people not aggressive animals
You should consider talking to genetic disease patients
I appreciate this video. My fiancé struggles with his paranoid schizophrenia all the time. I also struggle with dealing with his behaviours as well. It's also the loved ones who have to deal with the episodes and it can be extremely stressful. I have learned to educate myself on schizophrenia and also try to get my fiancé to work on his mental health every day and i have to do the same thing with my own personal mental health issues...  I like to remind my partner that he is not his illness and he is a person who is capable of any thing he puts his mind to. I believe in him every day and love him so much. I let him know how important it is to be open with his communication and feelings. I need to know what's going on so I can be more affective when I'm helping him out. I'm always there for him and I'm hearing him as a person...
So if you have schizophrenia, you can block out the sound with earbuds?
ive been waiting for this video
God mental illness is scary. It is SO important for people to be educated!  Maybe one day if we are all more educated about all the unknown this stuff won't be so scary. Once again thank you Anthony for using your platform!
I never new how bad schizophrenia can be :(. It sounds terrifying and awful.
I stg he said finger tits
sometimes I feel like there's someone watching me or like touching me but there's never anyone there, and sometimes I see my dad waking down the stairs (he left when I was 3 and I do see him but not alot) and it's like making me cry alot can someone pls tell me what's wrong with me
please do an episode on OCD!! <33
i love this series!!! it has so truly opened my eyes and has helped me understand so much more
Ayeee I follow kody on TikTok :D
I have learned SOO MUCH from this series. Tnx! My dude. 😍💕🇵🇭
I just wanna say how brave everyone was when expressing themselves and helping countless individuals understand what such an unlucky person experiences, I would love if you could spend a day with a person with adhd because I feel like I have it but I am not sure
Very glad that you did a video of people with schizophrenia because my dad has schizophrenia and I would like to know more. Also, at my church and in my nationality it is believed that a person is possessed with the demons if they have schizophrenia. So thanks for breaking that stigma.
Hi Anthony!Im not sure if your reading this but please can you do a video of spending the day with recovered Eating disorder patients?
My grandma had this..so horrible and debilitating. Also i love kody his tik toks are awesome
Hi Anthony!! I love this series so much! Would you ever cover stutterers or those who have speech impediments? There’s a lot of stigma around us & it’d be relieving for some positive media/representation about us!!
I just noticed how much I have learned from Anthony
I really thought I was the only one that hallucinated spiders
Hippie is a friend of mine, I’m also schizophrenic nice video Anthony !
all these people you do videos with are so great and so very kind. and just them being able to be strong enough to talk about it and give awareness on their disorders makes them even more beautiful. they’re just normal people, but with a different and unique take of life. :) it’s also wonderful to see your subscribers be so empathetic like you said. and welcoming. ugh i just love people sometimes.
Just wish it was longer!
Can I ask something, my mother asked me on why would they still be aware of the reality if they have a mental health problem. And I don't know how to reply. I just said that we can't control what our thoughts perceived. However, some people say that we can control them. But can we really control them?
I have schizoaffective disorder and relate to these people. Thank you Anthony for being nonjudgmental
Don't watch this alone in the dark.
I felt horribly when you put the tiktok hallucination simulator. I had headphones and I felt goosebumps throughout all of my body.
Could you do a video about people living with OCD? People without the disorder don't have a single clue what its like to live the way that we do and i don't think there's a better person to make a video about it :) <3
These people are amazing thank you so much for letting us learn about this!
From age 5 to 8 I have had something like the schizophrenia that Cecilia described herself having, I would see things like sometimes I would see spiders crawling all around the room, sometimes I would look out the window a see a man with a huge smile on his face and bloodshot red eyes, and I would most often see a blue ball that could talk and it had human skin. And if I ever looked in a top corner I would see a man looking with his head twisted around. One time I walked into my living room and fell to the floor and everything looked as if it was shaking, my mom walked in the room and asked me what I was doing and I was so confused why she didn’t feel it. I would have terrible nightmares every night, one specifically I remember I heard a loud noise so I walked out to see what was happening and I saw my parents getting ripped apart by some type of monster. I would have to have my parents called sometimes in class because when I was scared and I would yell and scare other kids. At first my parents wrote it off as my imagination since I was so young but eventually they decided to check in with people. They never figured out what was wrong but I know it wasn’t schizophrenia because that doesn’t go away. I will say one thing though, it helped me get over any fears I might have had in the future like spiders and stuff, I like spiders now.
The thing about refusing acknowledging the hallucination is actually good advice! if a friend ever hallucinates, I'll make sure to invalidate the hallucination in hopes to give them some clarity.
Can you make one with Narcissistic Personality Disordered people.
As someone who has a father that has this mental Heath issue, it’s great to see that awareness is being spread ❤️ though there are time when my dad may have troubles with us he is not a the violent person
A spent a day with crazy cat ladies
Just a suggestion.  Could you please use trigger warnings ⚠️ when using images of things like spiders and clowns?  I really got siked out. But otherwise what a great video and guests!
Cecelia has a presence and voice that calms the soul tbh
Wow. Honestly you do such a good job. I HATE people who fake disorders or use it for clout. One of my most hated things is when people use mental illness as a trendy thing or misinform about it for fun or views. Anthony, you do such a great job with thesis thank you so much for these vidoes. You're amazing and theses people are amazing thank you so much for sharing your story. I have bipolar, OCD and BPD. I suffer quite a bit with my disorders but I cannot imagine having to live with DID or Schizophrenia. As much as I suffer and have been put into state mental hospitals these people must feel like they are trapped. My heart goes out to any of you suffering with this. I happen to be financially independent due to me and my fiance being old money. so we can afford to keep me safe from myself and others with the best care. However, a major issue we have in America is untreated mental illness for those who cannot afford medicine or treatments. They have to suffer with no help. And I cannot fathom having that weight on you with no help. We need to do better as a country and help these people. They need safety and understanding not judgment and being treated like animals. In state hospitals I was strapped down and hit. When I moved to high end private care and feel so much better. But some people dont have this luxary and  are forced to stay unhealed and treated horrific. I'd recommend reading what the herld tribune and Tampa bay times have put out about Florida state hospitals. If you are suffering from a disorder I just want you to know yous re doi ng so great so far even if you dont feel like it  you are a valuable person and your presence is needed.  You are loved and please reach out for help even if it is all of what your head tells you not to do.
For some reason that guy talking about his using his phone to dechiper what was or wasn't real gave me goosebumps, but what a fantastic discovery! I wonder if others suffering for similar forms of schizophrenia could use the same technique? Would it help? It certainly seems like it's useful for him
You're doing amazing work anthony. Keep up the great work! Thank you for making everyone get to know all of these things.
woah
You should do an episode on Ehler Danlos Syndrome (EDS). It’s a connective tissue disorder that mainly causes joint pain and dislocations, but it commonly affects all sorts of bodily systems. It can sometimes cause life threatening complications. It can be very hard to get diagnosed because many people ignore our pain or don’t believe it exists. Even though it’s considered a disability, many people with other disabilities tell us we’re making everything up and we don’t belong. It would be awesome to bring more awareness and to get people to understand that an “invisible” disability can cause just as much hardship as any other.
oh my god, Kody’s phone camera trick is SO smart.. I would’ve never thought of that!
What if these people aren't sick actually and they can see something or hear that others can't? Something that might be real but not visible for everyone. Just like sleep paralysis, it might be really something else rather than a disease
Thank you for this, my mom had this and if the illness wasn't so stigmatized I think she really would've been more open to getting help for it. Overtime the illness got worse and she was very paranoid and it was awful to watch growing up and no one understood it and just treated her differently and I hated seeing it. I hope it gets destigmatized because its scarier and more disturbing to the person going through it, I hate that people act like it's the "scary" mental illness
everyone in this comment sections is schizophrenic apparently
Just your weekly dose of "Information you can use to be a better human"
hey! i know kody from tiktok im glad you brought him on :o
I feel like it’d be really interesting if he interviewed people with Agoraphobia. Because his mother has Agoraphobia and he has suffered with it.
What I love about this series of interviews (if that's what it's called) is they teach me a lot about other people and it gives me a wider insight of things and people I don't commonly talk to or get with. It's hard to make someone understand something they don't have much or such knowledge about. Anthony has helped me a lot with being mindful of what I think and say about people. It's made me much more sensitive and more open to many things. Kudos to him and to his team!
I feel bad for the guy who started hallucinating at 19 and has to use a phone to distinguish reality from hallucinations, that is intense.
You should do something about people with rare diseases. We don’t get enough coverage and people don’t know that we struggle and most rare diseases have no cure and getting the word out would educate others about rare diseases and then maybe we could get funding for treatments and cures. I love these awareness videos ❤️
Amazing video, as always.
Is it more common to see “strangers” vs hallucinations of people you know?
Could you do a video with people diagnosed with bipolar/ manic-depression? It‘s definitely misunderstood and also an overused term. I have it myself and would love if the truth could be shared.
I seriously believe now that there is a correlation with lsd... this video reminded me of my most difficult trips
Something is off with Anthony
My sister got this  a few years ago it’s so sad 😭 it like I lost her 😭 we shared a room for so many years and she was in college I was so confused when it hit her we had no idea 😣
BPD here. Schizophrenic people don’t scare me or put me off. People that need meds and don’t take them do, however.
He has to pull out his camera to make sure the person he’s talking to is real 🥺
I’m really glad this vid is here🖤
My boyfriends mother has severe schizophrenia, and I suppose I have always been naturally I guess a little scared if my boyfriends starts to develop symptoms. But this video has really made me feel so much better about it all, these guests were honestly all so amazing and really portrayed a real and honest perspective on what living with Schizophrenia is actually like, and how your life doesn’t just suddenly stop!!! ❤️
Thank you for doing these videos. I’m studying counseling and these videos help a lot hearing from people not just reading facts and figures.
👏 SCHIZOPHRENIA 👏 DOES👏 NOT 👏 MEAN 👏YOU 👏ARE 👏 INFERIOR 👏 OR 👏 BAD👏 movies like to portray it in a very black and white way and often gives a feeling that they are just crazy without reason. That's NOT what it is.
My uncle was murdered by police due to his paranoia while having a schizophrenic episode. Shot right through the heart. I still have a lot to learn about schizophrenia.
I can’t imagine how terrifying and difficult it is to have to deal with this. Anyone who has schizophrenia or any other mental disorder, you are incredibly strong and brave. I hate that no one ever taught me anything about these conditions in school or that the stigmas were wrong. I feel like this should be common knowledge that is taught from a young age, but it isn’t and that needs to change. Thank you for educating people, including myself, with these videos. They are very inspiring.
Thank you for destigmatizing schizophrenia. My mother has it and it really hurts me how they potray this illness in the media. People with schizophrenia are more likely to be abused than to be the abuser. Caring and loving them is necessary.
"violent schizophrenia, you know i'm gonna get ya"                if you know from where it is , good job , you get nothing
PLEASE DO OCD🥰🥰
I would really like to see him talk to people with derealization disorder
This is very educational.  One time I was talking to a guy and he randomly grabbed my arm. He was extremely apologetic and quickly stated he was schizophrenic and wanted to be sure I was real. I was like oh ok  that's fine I suppose 🙂
I hate that all media portrays schizophrenia as an evil... like it's mental illness, not everyone with schizophrenia is a serial killer or a criminal, or some kind of evil. Just because you have a mental illness doesn't make you less human or kind than anyone else.
How about I spent a day w/ SFX artists and one of those people are MYKIE aka UR FUTURE WIFE aka GLAMandGORE !!♥️👌🏼✅
I don't have schizophrenia but I have experienced hallucinations and delusions in my childhood. I can say for sure that until you get a moment of clarity you have no way of discerning if it's real or not. I've see how people look at you like you're broken if you let them know what you're experiencing. I've had people in the hospital I was staying at not know what to do with me because that specific unit wasn't trained for it. All of that being said, get the help you need. Go to people that are trained in your type of symptoms and they will help you. You will find the right medication or treatment and you will get better. It's a process, it takes time but you will get there
Can you try people with bipolar disorder too
my sister has schizophrenia and i am really glad you did this
You need to do one with people with really bad add and adhd its a very under talked and commonly self diagnose for being hyper or lazy and that not it at all we people need a better understanding of it
8:30
I have it. Just so frickin fed up
Hey Anthony! I don´t recall if you already released an episode on this, but I´d like to know what has happened to people that have been canceled, with no preference in a particular cause of cancelation. I would be interesting to see the aftermath and how it has affected them and in which areas of their lives it hit harder.   I believe canceling someone is a tool, but it´s sadly one that has been used willy-nilly lately and many innocent people end up facing harsh consequences they don´t deserve or at least not in proportion to what they "faulted" in, according to the cancel mob. Mostly, I´d like to shed light on the aftermarth and what being subjected to a public "online execution" can do to someone so people think twice before pointing for anyone to be canceled.
My dad died because of causes related to his schizophrenia when I was 12 so I never got  to ask him these types of questions. While it's scary to learn because I'm young so I'm at the beginning of the rage of ages schizophrenia begins to show even tho it doesn't run in my family (only my dad had it) it really helps.
Damn..❤
I appreciate the optimism in this episode. I grew up seeing some of the extremes of schizophrenia through my uncle. He never did anything that was scary; rather, he really struggled with his basic self-care and with socializing. Music was the only time he behaved like "his old self" as described by my grandparents. It wasn't until college that I met someone who lived with what I considered well-managed schizophrenia, Professor Elyn Saks.  It is so important to see more examples of people living with schizophrenia who don't fit the stereotypes. I'm so grateful to the folks that came on this show and put a very relatable face to what is so often a falsely villainized disorder.
Is the black dude sive because he looks like him and sounds like him
how can someone dislike this video??? like howwwww??
Could you do next: I spent a day with people with severe excoriation disorder?
God, when the simulation started , my heart literally stopped . Props to these people for handling it  .... respect man👍👍
can you play any video games??
I’ve been having Hallucinations and delusions since 2017. I’ve had professionals tell me that I’m just experiencing psychosis, even after I found out that schizophrenia runs in the family.  I’ve been told that the “voices” are just thoughts, but I hear it externally and some of the things said I would never think about. The things I see terrify me. Sometimes I can tell they are fake but most of the time they seem to be the most real thing. I ran away for three days once without bothering to put on a pair of shoes because I swore someone was after me. I just wanted to disappear so they couldn’t find me. Everyday is a struggle and since I lost my health insurance and don’t have access to the meds that helped take the edge off. And I’m left frustrated because I don’t believe that I simply am experiencing psychosis because of my Major Depressive Disorder. And that has been especially stressful lately. But this video gives me hope that I’ll figure out what exactly is wrong with me. Gives me the confidence that I can lead some kind of normalcy. Because these last few days I haven’t been sure if it’s worth even fighting for my needs. This video just helped me realize that’s exactly what I need to do. I don’t know how but I’ll figure it out some how. Thank you Anthony and all the people out there that fight for others voice. 💛
the phone tool to help differentiate between reality and hallucinations is so clever!
I first learned about Cecilia from ​the channel @UC4E98HDsPXrf5kTKIgrSmtQ​her story has helped me be more open and understanding of things other people could be going through at any time
Back when I was in therapy (stopped cuz they never helped, just talked and never gave me ways to help with my issues), my therapist never told me that when she asked if I was hearing voices it meant was I hearing them on the outside I have DID along with schizo, so things like can easily get confused for me since other voices in my head are, obviously, alters. Roughly 2 years into therapy before I finally figured out she meant voices /around/ me, not in my head. After that, my diagnosis went from mild schizophrenia to uhh..forgot what the term for middle was but that-
To Cecilia,  Jorge, and Kody, I believe in you. We believe in all of you~
This is probably going to be a highly unpopular opinion but I've been on a "spiritual" journey for years and have always gone through life "different" and even took myself to see drs. Psychologists,therapists,councilors, etc explaining why I believed there was something "wrong" with me (via these "textbook explanations of certain illness's") and my mind since it didn't fit in with the current blueprint of society. I was told over and over that there was nothing wrong with me and that my awareness to everything was why I was 100% completely sane, yet I would feel like I was in a lucid dream etc etc.. but I have to say that has been the greatest thing to ever happen to me,( having drs not believe me or feel I was completely sane and having to figure that shiz out all on my own) because I believe we as a society try to suppress things to fit into neat little boxes and suppress things we don't have full understanding of. I believe schizophrenia and mania are a couple of those things. One of your interviewee's mentioned himself being obsessed with the number 3. He's not alone, a lot of ppl are. And he mentioned another youtuber obsessed with the number 9, again; not alone in this. There are scientific relations to a lot of what manics and schizophrenics experience and I do believe the 3D is not yet ready to understand the matrix of life at a higher level. So we all try to suppress​ ourselves/experiences instead of trying to expand our awareness and understanding of the idea that some things go beyond the 3D(it's a bit of a mind melt for most but science is proving things beyond 3D constantly). There is grounded and scientific relations to spiritual things and mental "illness" (I hate that label, and most labels in general lol). I believe some ppl are accelerating at a faster rate in this knowledge which can be quite confusing and probably very scary because there is no guide or "new blueprint" yet to work with those accelerated energies.
Thank you for doing this episode!!! One of my uncles has schizophrenia, and this was really helpful for me to just kind of understand more, when it's something family tends to avoid talking about.
ooh the phone hack, i also do that. sadly most of my halucinations are in the dark so it wont always show up even if its real
Is it weird I think of the coma thing all the time
My friend who has schizophrenia passed away at 25 by suicide this September. No one outside of her family knew and by the time they got her diagnosed it was too late, and it seems lockdown pushed her mental health to an even worse place. She still visits me in my dreams, last night was one of those times. And you happened to upload this today. Thank you for spreading more info about this. It's too late for me to do anything for her but I still want to understand what she might have gone through, and this video helps. Rest in peace, Mayuri. You had a beautiful soul. ❤️  EDIT: For anyone else who might read this, please say a little prayer for her soul ❤️ and please check in on your friends and loved ones, let them know there is help if they need it. These are really difficult times and we need to look out for each other.
Cecelia is so pretty!! She sort of looks like Kurenai sensei
I really love this content, so education and informative 🙏🏽
Your videos are cool i subscribed
Is it possible this is deeper perception? There is more to life than meets the eye, like it or not.
I don't think this has been a video before but Anthony should do a "spent a day with narcoleptic people". Include both type 1 and type 2 narcolepsy diagnosed people. As someone who has been diagnosed it would be interesting to see how others handle the diagnosis and the condition. I too have "hallucinations" that are very similar to schizophrenia diagnosed people.
This guy is really awesome. ♥️ I love that he's open & just having an invested active conversation with so many different people. They really should teach children about mental and emotional health! These videos bring so many people together in a mutual respect and support of each other. Please keep doing what you do Anthony! We appreciate you so much! 🤗♥️☮️ Edit: using your phone to validate reality or double check ... Wow what a smart idea!
these videos are amazing 💓 as someone being treated for it, i'd love to see you do a video on c-ptsd! it's not very "well-known" & i think it'd be insightful & helpful for many to learn about. keep it up!
“i get those goosebumps every time .”   -roachman/ travis scott
Wow. I never thought about how dangerous it is when reality starts acknowledging a hallucination. Cecilia has done an incredible job articulating the symptoms of schizophrenia.   I also really appreciated the audio that played when Kody was talking about trying to pay attention to his words with a bunch of voices talking around you.
Kody! So proud of you dude! Way to go!
I see kody, i click
made me cry
Side note....Did anyone else hear Anthony say "finger tits" at 10:29 ? No? Just me? Okay cool..
I don't even know how to comfort them..its just so hard...I'm glad they are doing better than before 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Been waiting for this
These people are so brave.
OMG YES
I remember an old friend from middle school would describe the same thing I wonder if she had this..
Before this series I really sort of romanticized all these different syndromes and disorders but  watching these videos have really changed my point of view. Thanks for the great vids, keep it up!
How does he always manage to upload a video of whatever youtube has recommended to me a few days before. Like 2 days ago i was recommended a video about schizophrenia
I want to know about other people with ADHD... Really the details
Rest In Power Brother Etika!
Children really need to be taught about disorders early on so that those who are affected are not suffering longer than they have to and those who are neurotypical can normalize other people living with those disorders
If you know someone with schizophrenia suffering from a delusion (they truly believe & don't recognize it as such) how do you help?
If you could do one about ADHD, that would be really nice. We're grossly misunderstood. Thanks for these videos <3
Thank you so much for this. I was diagnosed with childhood schizophrenia and people have always thought I'm a monster. Unfortunately I am stuck unmedicated for the time being, but seeing this brought my spirits up in these hard times. This is so so so meaningful to me.  Thank you for giving people like me a chance.
im literally learning about schizophrenia in my psych class right now so this is helping me learn more about it. thank you!
Oh my god I can't begin to imagine what it's like.
Cool.
bro I'm surprised your not some world class reporter on cnn or something. your really good. keep up the good work man
Thank you for this!!!! Schizophrenia is SO misunderstood and I am so glad that they have this platform to teach everyone! I submitted an e-mail about an episode for bipolar that I would love to see/be part of! ♥ Muchos love!
I hope he does one for autism, sleep and eating disorders too cuz there's so many things that needs to be brought to light!
"I laugh at my life like a dark comedy" I love that so much I do too :)
I have an uncle who’s schizophrenic
God Anthony this channel is such a gem. Love you, thank you for everything 🤍
People with Schizophrenia are not crazy.
I heard screaming in a forest
Symptoms sound like me but I didn't know
November is CRPS Awareness Month. Would be great to see a video bring information to more people.   It's a horrific nerve disorder that causes the highest medically-rated physical pain. Think of the moment of the worst pain you've ever had -- perhaps the moment you broke a leg, for example. Normally, the wound heals and the pain lessens. Not with CRPS. The wound heals and every single moment of every single day for the rest of your life, you will always feel that highest level of pain forever....there is never a pause to catch a breath or even think straight. CRPS was first discovered over 150 years ago and still has no cure. Sometimes it's brought on by an injury and sometimes it just spontaneously begins. It can affect anywhere on the body, including internal organs. There's no rhyme or reason to who, what, where, or when and no one has figured out why yet.  All it takes is the right person out there learning about it to start the journey towards finding effective treatments.   The human body is not built to withstand this much pain continously. Convincing ourselves to make it to the next moment because there's always a reason to cling to hope. However, so many of us try very hard to make every moment of life matter to everyone we meet. We carve out meaningful lives in spite of the horrific pain we face. We eventually learn how to keep a straight face most of the time....how to appear smiling and "normal" as best we can. We're still human even as our nervous system and pain receptors betray us. Sometimes it's hard to remember what life was like "before".  We really need the visibility because there are so many medical professionals that have been in the Healthcare field for decades and never encountered a patient with CRPS or even heard of it. Not long ago, there were few people that had heard of breast cancer or ALS or any number of now highly visible disorders. It took hard work spreading education and awareness to bring those to light. We're hoping CRPS awareness becomes visible as well. 🎗
I dont have schizophrenia nor anithing similar, but once I got hit by a ball on the head really bad and when I got back home I went to sleep, before I fell asleep I hallucinated a spider on the wall, I know it was not real cause my mother was telling me there was nothing there but it felt sooo real, scary stuff. Never in my life I experienced anything similar again
I think an interesting interview would be interviewing people with ME/CFS. Any exposure for the illness will be real nice, as it can still be viewed as laziness, or just people fooling themselves into thinking they're ill.
Interesting they all said they felt possessed and all have tried to kill them selves 🧐
15:00 This is my favorite question because I know how Schizophrenia is portrayed in media—people with Schizophrenia are shown to go wild and hurt others due to their hallucinations—and it pretty much shows how poorly educated society is about schizophrenic people. They aren’t monsters that see random things and hurt others, they’re just people.  Edit: I just watched the rest of the video and they talked about it wow
That one dude sounds like he has DID and/or schizophrenia. I’m not a doctor but
Anthony you’re almost to 5 million subscribers.... you’re time to eat that TREE is coming.....
I'd really love to see an episode with endometriosis fighters. It affects 1 in 10 women, and causes a range of issues, but it often goes undiagnosed for years. It's not talked about nearly enough.
My dominican ass started screaming when I saw Jorge holding our flag lmaoo
I met that girl for SBSK but i didnt recognizer with that new look!
Anthony thank you for this.
I couldn’t imagine having schizophrenia, they’re so strong and brave. All it takes is a hanging hoodie in the dark that looks semi-human for me to go into full panic mode.
One of my ex-boyfriends had something like schizophrenia but he did harm me under the guise he was harming his hallucinations. So perhaps he had some other issues as well, but it did make me fearful of people with mental illnesses, even though I have mental illness myself (undiagnosed mix of depression/anxiety/bipolar/borderline). Also my father was bipolar and very violent, but ive since learnt your illnesses dont give you a pass to bad behaviour. That was affected also by drug use and alcohol use.
I'm really glad this video was made. I'm currently writing a story with a schizophrenic character but I want to portray the character as accurately as possible. I've been doing a lot of research but usually, when I'm reading, I can't focus on everything properly because of my ADHD and it's just really boring and there a lot of words I don't understand. But with videos like these, I'm not hearing some scientific explanation and it was a lot more interesting to lsten to.
i uh i think i relate to this a little too much... especially the spider part and like, sometimes walls look fake to me and i literally convinced myself the other day that there was someone in my attic cause i was hearing footsteps and my mom didn't hear anything  should i look into this? like shit
This video actually helped ease my fear of developing schizophrenia. I have a genetic disposition for the disorder, and my only real life experience in dealing with it has been with a sibling that’s pretty much been in a constant state of psychosis for the last 6 years. They can no longer form any coherent sentences verbally or through writing. My sibling is pretty much the exact stereotype people think of as a schizophrenic person. I can’t even imagine them having a conversation like all of the people in this video. Drug use really exasperated my siblings disorder, so watching this has made me less fearful of what my reality may be in the future if I end up developing it as well.
I think doing a video with people with ocd would be really cool as there are a lot of misconceptions:) love the videos❤️
psychopathsss pls!!
Oh my gosh I didn’t know that that’s who she was until clips of her when she was younger were showed I used to watch her talks and such
As a child of a parent with bipolar, hearing these experiences are so helpful. It seems like the dialogue surrounding mental health often tries to dilute mental illness, like depression being "just sad" or anxiety being "quirky". Talking about mania, and the hallucinations, and the downright out of body experiences really shed light on these "taboo" subjects. Medication can help tremendously, and these diagnoses are only the first step to becoming the best version of yourself! In America, the mental health system is often a joke, but please know there are people to help advocate for you and get the care that you need! We all need help at different points in our life and there is no shame in asking and seeking treatment. What i'm getting at is, thank you all for sharing your experiences! This series is wonderful.
You should do an episode with people diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I myself am bipolar and it is a really misrepresented community. There are a lot of misconceptions surrounding the disorder and I think one of your videos would be really helpful.
Could you do one for psychopaths please??
The thing that guy does with his phone is really clever but I’d be terrified if I was talking to someone but they didn’t show up on my camera
thankyou, your vids are always so educational and i love it, always! and shout out to people who've been brave to share this to the world. it's true the more people are aware of this the less we will judge people wrongfully. hope through vids like this this world can be kinder to kind people.
You should interview people who have depersonalization/derealization I've had it for 4 years im 15 and I would happily be interviewed!
it's good that he didn't say "wondrous world of schizophrenia" xD
My ex gf got schizophrenia, but unfortunately, she never got treatment for it.
I don't if you been asked do this or not but could you do one of these on autism, because not many people have an understanding of it from a view point of someone with autism,  as someone who is diagnosed with autism I see a lot miss information on it along with people who see it  as a bad thing or think that they know what every autistic person is like base off of one person they've meet who had autism. it would be nice have to something show people that autism isn't what they think/told is.
Ptsd episode next? ❤️
Avoidant restrictive food intake disorder would be a really great video I think, it's not talked about enough and a lot of people live their whole lives without knowing they have it because it isn't talked about, there are also a lot of myths behind it like only children can have it or it's just picky eating, I would love to see a video for this
DONATE TO THE TREVOR PROJECT LOTS OF LOVE TO WHOEVER SEES THIS IT IS THE SIGN YOU ARE WORTH IT DONT GIVE UP
I love this series!! ❤️❤️ much love to these people sharing 💖
CECILIAAAAAAAAA SHE APPEARED IN SPECIAL BOOKS BY SPECIAL KIDS
I would love to see a video about recovered self harmers
What a difficult disorder to manage. I have OCD so I can somewhat understand how your brain can play tricks on you but to you its real... I can only sympathise with these lovely people ❤ I appreciate the wonderful people who come on your show and help us all understand ❤ I also appreciate you ❤
I absolutely loved this video
This really helped me understand more of it, and maybe some tips of how to help someone who has schizophrenia
Omygosh I couldn’t even get through that brief audio replication 😭😭😭
People really have to go through so many experiences. It can be hard... but stay hopefull. :)
I ZOOMED SO FAST WHEN I SAW KODY
Oh well I have this and I’m only12
Has there been a video with people who have visible physical deformities?
The video simulating an hallucination around 10:45 (I don’t want to go back and check) scared the living shit out of me, I feel for all the people who have to live with this constantly
They're so strong, they have all my respect. Once I was in a store walking around listening to Pink Floyd on my headphones. While a song transitioned to another I heard "Roger Waters" whisper (very quietly but 100% understandable) something very dark in my left ear, as if he was standing right behind me but also inside my head. It was so chilling and I got so scared, I had a full panic attack in public. So I can't even imagine what it must be like to them. Sending love!
I'm schizophrenic and am so thankful to be stable after a few psych wards and years of medication trial and error. I also consider myself one of the lucky ones because my parents did have good insurance and were able to get me therapy (even though we didn't know I had schizophrenia at the time). My husband has good insurance which has covered my psych stays and medications. So many people do not have access to the care that allows me to live a relatively normal life.
This series started as an ironic funny show but it's a legitimately good thing now
Maybe try interviewing people with ADHD because I fear that I might have it but I want to know all about it before I walk up to a doctor being like, "I think I might have ADHD" and be completely wrong about the symptoms and whatever. I want the knowledge to come from a reputable source and not just Tik Tok or google but from actual people that have it.
Please do one on BIID
Could you do a day with bipolar people? I have bipolar 1 and the way we’re portrayed as crazy and dangerous and how little people actually know about this disorder is crazy.  I’d love to talk about my experience with it and how it affects me and my life
etikas story is so heartbreaking man. I feel for jorge dude i still think about etika and miss him so much. I really wish a  bunch of people didnt clown on him and drive him to the point he got to.
My grandma had Paranoid Schizophrenia. She'd whisper to herself. I didn't think it was strange because she had been like that my whole life. It wasn't until I was seven that my mom told me that grandma was... different. My mom had been telling me since I could talk not to talk to myself. I realized it was because she was afraid I was like grandma. It wasn't until I was a teenager that I realized how bad the delusions were for grandma. She explained to me that her neighbor didn't like her carpet and he forced her to replace it. Catholic nuns weren't to be trusted because they worked for the devil. Doctors moved around her bones and made her body look different. These were kind of scary to hear. my mom explained that grandma stopped taking her meds before I was born because she didn't want to fall asleep while babysitting my older cousins.  Grandma had moments of clarity. I remember once, when she was in the hospital on a respirator, my mom told us not to get emotional and upset grandma. we walk in and immediately mom begins to cry and grandma opens her arms for a hug and rocks my mom side to side. usually her delusions rule her life and keep her from interacting with her children. so this was pretty incredible (as she aged the delusions got so bad she was constantly whispering to herself and not acknowledging people when they were talking to her). she was an incredible person. a nurse for 30 years and a loving mother and grandmother. while she didn't go about life "normally" she was still very loving to her family. incredibly non-violet despite what Hollywood would have us believe. she'd only get mad at one of us if we challenged her delusions. so we stopped doing that because all it accomplished was stressing her out and making ourselves frustrated.  end of novel.
i’ve followed cody on tik tok for a while now! he is awesome.
so glad to see kody here! been following him for awhile and he’s such a beam of light, and he educates others so well.
I am grateful you were brave enough to share your stories. I have a son with this disorder. This has helped me so much. I understand him more. This has opened my eyes to see his world through his lens. You all were great. Keep sharing your stories. You’re making a difference in the world.
because of my history w psychosis (brought on by extreme PTSD), when i was hospitalized last december, i was one of the only patients who would sit down and have genuine conversations w the woman there w schizophrenia. the other patients who talked to me didn’t understand how i got along so well w her and i didn’t tell them that there was a long period of time where i had delusions and hallucinations as well, so i couldn’t judge her
Suggestion: a day with suicide loss survivors.
Thank you
Thank you for the video about schizophrenia, I never really knew what it was before now. A friend's partner passed a few years ago, potentially because of a schizophrenic episode, and I never realized until now what his life must have been like
Can you do a video of spending a day with people with cptsd
Please let me start off by saying I HAVE LOVED YOU & MYKE for awhile....But I have to say that I AM DISAPPOINTED WITH THE LENGTH OF THE VIDEO... 24 minutes out of an 8 to 12 hour day?? I just do not see how that works...The title says a day with....but we only get 24 minutes?? Many people will only take parts of your video into consideration...I would love to see more of your interview and our research.  You do amazing work on some subjects that i find very useful and Interesting in my daily life and struggles. Plus on some of my course work in my college classes.  I just fee kind of, cheated on information about this subject if it was a true  8 to 12 hour day that was spent together for the interview I would really enjoy more of the information from the interview.  🥰🥰❤   Please understand where I am coming in from. I am working on getting a Physiology degree and potentially in multiple fields..  All for education..
i had a period of about nine months of psychosis due to extreme PTSD and before we knew it was triggered by PTSD, they thought i had developed schizoaffective disorder (i had already been diagnosed w bipolar). i had very different hallucinations but my delusions and paranoia could be very similar to what they described. a psychiatrist told me it’s incredible how easy it is to dissolve into psychosis for people and to be honest, one of my worst fears is that i’ll fall back into a state of psychosis
If only you could control your hallucinations so that like you hallucinate eating a delicious cake or something but life don't work like that😔
Thank you Anthony for doing this series this has open me up to so many different people and how to not judge people for disabilities that they really can’t control I think this is a really good thing that your are doing
These interviews are so eye-opening!
The guy in the thumbnail lowkey looks like Mr Beast ngl
damn. when that kid with the glasses started crying my heart shattered. I wish school would actually teach us about these important things besides dumb shit like geometry
Wow this Episode cleared up so much for me. I had this crazy misconception before watching this video  that schizophrenic people were automatically put into a mental hospital because I thought "How can you live life if you're hallucinating 24/7?" After watching this video, I understand that it's periodic and it sounds like it happens in random bursts. But the main thing that I gathered from this video is that these people are crazy strong and I have massive respect for them.  I can't imagine what it must be like to hallucinate something you might think is real and to continually hear voices, and overcome all that and adapt to it. If you can adapt to schizophrenia, get married and have a family, I'm pretty sure you can do anything you put your mind to.   I also wanted to say thank you Anthony for helping us understand that at the end of the day everyone is human and we really shouldn't judge anyone or push anyone away just because they don't seem "normal", everyone has dreams and goals they want to accomplish.   Also side note:  I freaked out when the spiders appeared in the video and started to crawl lol, can you please not include those kinds of clips again, I'd really appreciate it 😅
I would LOVE to see these videos with spanish subtitles. No for me as I can understand, but I wish I could show these interviews to other people who cannot speak or understand english.
I follow Kody on Tiktok and he has amazing content that's super relatable!
I would LOVE if you sat down with people who has OCD. I would totally apply. I got OCD, Autism, unspecified anxiety and suffers from panicattacks now and then, I was like the smartest kid in school so the psychologists told me there was nothing odd with me, I got told that for 16 years... But it's so important to talk about theese different things, due to the neglect from doctors and like I got into a depression whitch im still struggling with, but at least now i get help. So it would mean so much and be so amazing if idk, people with multiple disorders or people that was neglected in this way could have a saying on your channel, so that maybe more people would understand the stress of not knowing whats wrong and getting told youre making things up... ok im kinda getting upset as i write so my english is just failing... but thanks for an amazing channel, all love to the strong people in this vid, love you and what youre doing!
This and the DID episodes are my favorite ones. They’re so interesting and I love learning how to better help those with these disorders
I can’t imagine how isolating and scary schizophrenia can be for an individual. A family member was recently diagnosed (in his 40s) & I can see how real their experience/delusions are to them. It’s terrifying.
my friends arnt allowed to stay at my house because my brother has Schizophrenia...Like I get why there parents might get the bad idea but like there not even allowed to go on my property when he’s there
Awesome job, Anthony, talking with so much respect in this video and running this meaningful channel! Awesome job, all the guests who have been so brave and vulnerable discussing personal stuff in order to help others learn and be inspired and informed.  One episode I'd love to see is PTSD survivors, which doesn't just effect veterans but for example can sometimes be a result of abuse or variety of other things. I personally went through very intense PTSD recovery and am so proud of how hard I worked at it and though past the hardest stages still do things to maintain the recovery and keep stress level low and lifestyle healthy.  Another powerful episode idea is people who overcame homelessness and extremely low-or-no-income. Also have personal experience with that and don't really ever see it discussed. Homeless folks get a lot of stigma and assumptions thrown at them.
My mom has this ☺️
My mom has schizophrenia, I was curious to see how these three relate towards her, good video I love how it brings awareness to mental health 🤎🤎🤎
Please do bipolar and/or hypochondria. I feel like these would be so interesting especially because they seem to be so thrown around in everyday language
i know this is off topic but the background looks swag
Thank you for this video!
spend a day with ADHD
I sincerely hope this doesnt come off as tone deaf, but for years, I wished for the diagnoses of schizophrenia. Ive experienced frequent hallucinations, hundreds per day, always startling, always adrenaline pumping, and often I'll have to ask my partner if they saw what I saw. I've spoken to therapists and seen neurologists, and no one has a solid answer, Brain scans dont side towards schizophrenia nor epilepsy, and I wish I was able to find an answer. The cloesest ive come to is discussing my situation with others who have Aspergers/Autism (as I do aswell), and realising that a lot of people on the spectrum experience very similar hallucinations. This video really highlighted the experience of the people I originally thought I would be apart of, and how my experience is indeed different from schizophrenia. These videos help to not only clarify and discuss the main topics in question, but clarifying other topics that may be confused with them. Being able to see the real life experiences of people with this disorder helped clarify my own situation, and for that Im truly grateful. Thank you as always for making this content Anthony (and his hard working crew!)
You already did a video about this topic but I still loved it
I think one of my friends might have schizophrenia and his family is doing nothing about it what can I do to help him
I just want to give Jorge the biggest hug on the planet. He’s so incredibly insightful and he truly deserves the world. All of the people in this video do! ❤️
I really love the pointing out of how important mental health should be taken seriously. I suffer horribly on a mental level but like doctors don't even know what to diagnose me anymore with (some said straight up Autism, some said Bipolar, I think I might be schizophrenic). I see and hear things sometimes, I go off on seizures and night terrors, some social aspects go over my head, the list goes on and sometimes I'm taken as a joke. But I know that mental health is very important and needs to be taken more seriously than what we are doing and that is what I hope to do when I finish college with my media degree (along with my friend who is studying psychology).  Honestly Anthony, I gained so much respect for you since you started doing this series and one day I hope that I can work with you on something like this.
This is the only channel that im happy for when I get ads ❤
i love this. i feel slightly schizophrenic myself but not enough to worry much. i love this
Please do an ocd episode
I love that you do these videos. You're such a wonderful person and are doing great work letting people into the mind of people with mental illness. Thank you.
i do a type of hypno therapy called quantum hypnosis where we work on the energetic level and tap into the subconcious. unfortunately it is not safe to work on people with schizophrenia but they would benefit the most from this therapy because these people are being physically affected by things on the energetic plane. i have recorded session on my channel if you want to check it out. thanks for another great vid <3
Honestly I’ve learned so much about mental health & disorders from these videos and I truely believe that schools need to be teaching these things to us in like 5th and 6th grade when we’re starting to learn more about the bigger things in the world
An episode with therapists/ mental health workers especially during the pandemic right now= how they’re dealing with their own mental health issues
i dont understand why western media is so obsessed w making mentally ill people "crazy" or "serial killers". like ppl with DID & schizophrenia??
The lady's voice suddenly becomes like google assistant
This was an amazing video!! Keep doing mental health videos. It’s so important for people to have the right info about these different and also misunderstood diagnoses
Me waiting for him to make a video on people with Bipolar disorder 👁👄👁
Cecilia just told us all what we have to dress up as if we want to kill her
i never knew this was what schizophrenia was like. wow
We really do need to talk more about mental health! You've met many people in your life that are different from you without you ever knowing it, because they're also people like you. Doctors can be incredible advocates too.
It’s so nice to wake up and be able to watch a good video
EYYY ITS KODY!!!
Where the hell is twomad
With Hallucinations, could a person with schizophrenia hallucinate a genius that actually helped them in life? If the hallucinations were helping could the person that hallucinates get to a higher place in the scientific world although not being a genius themselves?
Love seeing Cecilia again after years on SBSK.  Anthony should work with Chris and reach out to some people with other kind of conditions.
So much respect for these people.  Good information.
What if you do an episode with someone with aphantasia. It’s a fairly “new” (like they discovered it and gave it a name in 2017 I think if not don’t come after me please) and I want to know others experiences with it cause I’m the only one out of my friends and family who has it.
Oh hell no hallucinating a clown would be my worst nightmare
I am not schizophrenic but do experience visual hallucinations when I get stressed or anxious. I mean MAYBE I do but my therapist and psychiatrist say it’s because of my extreme anxiety disorders. I would hallucinate the girl from the ring and she would stand in corners or crawl by me and I was delusional thinking she was going to kill me or hurt my pets. I also saw this really big tall guy in all red clothing just growing in size at the end of my bed. I have also seen people’s faces distort and see animals where they shouldn’t be and then I usually just see textures moving like rough carpet looking like static or computer screens scribing like water. When these things occur I know I need to take some time to de stress and calm down and just exist and be around people. I had other delusions but idk how to describe them as they were so extremely weird and out there. But yeah I keep in touch with my parents and friend and therapist to make sure these things don’t start up really bad again, I just got to exist and not stress so much ya know? If I have schizophrenia I have it and I can’t change it so I refuse to worry over it because it’ll just make it worse in the end
As someone who struggles with this, this video is amazing and, even though I wasn't chosen to speak with him, I appreciate Anthony taking the time to talk about this, both me and my significant other struggle with this and the stigmas that people have with this disorder is upsetting and it's nice to have the air cleared
It would be really cool if you did an episode on ASPD (psychopath/sociopath) because people think I will try to kill them or I am manipulating them all the time
I met this girl at work she had depression and schizo too . Every like 3/4hours (if she didnt eat her meds) or alone ,she would be delusional and i felt bad whenever i come back i saw her crying already . Sometimes she would say that she just wanna live normally :'(
Thank you Anthony for bringing attention, awareness and education to mental health. Your work is great
my family had a discussion the other day talking about schizophrenia. My sisters were talking about how our mother was very violent and had very bad anger problems and took it out on all the people around her. Talking about how she was being schizo and psycho while she was pregnant with another daughter in the discussion and that's why that particular daughter is so violent too. Being the only one near the conversation with any understanding of the condition at all. I had to tell them that that was not how schizophrenia works. So the stigma about schizophrenics being violent still goes strong and it kind of annoys me. I know alot about the condition because I have been afflicted with this mental illness almost my entire life. I have made it to a point where I understand all the things I did and why, But before I knew I had these conditions I was a very miserable girl I felt like I couldn't understand myself because my tastes and interests changed and changed back so frequently I couldn't keep up. The thoughts in my head were so prevalent that I thought it was normal to think with voices that spoke with different personalities. Or to hear feel and see things that werent there. I felt like I was in a deep dark pit within myself surrounded by darkness and nobody else could or would help me out. Luckily I had some special abilities and they lead me to New Age movement. I predicted some birth days and also both my grandparents Death days. I asked for the dates and they were given to me and I waited. On the marked days the predictions came true. This is when I realised that the world was much bigger than the physical and I went on to get spiritual help and I found it in Dolores Cannons work. With her technique I found that the whole universe lives within the mind as much as it is outside, and if I learned to harness the ability to communicate between the physical and spiritual then maybe I can lift myself out from the pits. Now I have found out how to protect myself from the more scary hallucinations, I dont feel as paranoid all the time. Now that I have found out how to manage my personalities better I dont feel so confused about who I am. I am the observer and I give my energy where I feel is most beneficial to my growth as a being of light and love.
Anthony is the G.O.A.T of YouTube interviews right now.
ANTHONY. PLEASE keep making these videos. Information like this could actually save lives. Thank you for using this platform to inform instead of fear monger.  I hope to learn much more as you continue to share more content.
Could you please do one on Ehlers Danlos Syndrome 🥺
Do bipolar disorder
Never been diagnosed, but I always see shadows run around, hear voice and even feel things like someone grabbing my shoulders. It sucks.
Whenever someone brings up Etika my heart breaks like I'm getting goosebumps. He was crying for help and people were laughing at him. Like, it fucking sucks. It fucking sucks that we lost him. We shouldn't have.
My god. It's like having nightmare but you are wide awake. And it's on the loop. Shout out to everyone and anthony. Thank you for this
Can I just say that Anthony might just be one of the few YouTuber's who has a adult audience rather than children!!
I just vibe with the demons. We listen to Avicii.
Nice one!
Schizophrenia is potrayed as this vice that all murders and 'possessed people' have, when it's pretty common and effects millions of people. It should be normalized as long as the individuals are trying to get help and not harmful to anyone.
The girl sounds like one of these robotic voices like the google one (but more alive). *I love it.* Also like the fact that whenever Anthony brings up some people to learn more about them, we all end up loving each one since they're always all normal cool and friendly people lol It's actual hard to portray them as bad people, for real, 1 out of 100 are "bad" people, and bad doesn't even mean a quarter of what one can see in certain movies hm
ideas: I spent a day with 1. sociopaths 2. phychopaths (I don't think I spelt it right???) 3. Sadists 4. SA victims  :)
I love Cecilias voice. I also feel as if curiosity got the best out of a lot of the people she spoke to. I find it unfortunate that people wanted to see the things she fears. Everyone should remember that no one's mind is like anyone else's. Also heck yes you can cry and have emotions no matter who you are!
I would love for Anthony to do an episode on people with auditory processing disorder, hell, I'd put my hand up for an interview. Because it's a massive disability that is hardly spoken about compared to like Dyslexia. I'd also love an episode on PCOS too, again, I'd love to put my hand up for that as well.
I love the setup this way with the screen
I’ve been watching Kody on tiktok for a while now and I’ve been WAITING for this episode omg did not disappoint
im really happy that you're doing this, thank you so much 💜  p.s im glad that you're really nice with us
DO ANTISOCIAL PERSONALITY DISORDERRRR
I respect anothony for changing his tone on the whole " Wonderful world of..." and just leave that sentence out all together when talking about these deep topics .
plz do epilepsy one day, 3.4 M americans have it im one of them and it would mean a lot!
My man did not say "Wondrous" 👁👄👁
I don't see things but I am always paranoid, overthinking things, I also hear things and it freaks me out.
Dear editor/Anthony/Channel MGMT: if your editor hasn't watched SPSK Special books by special kids they should. The dramatic music really isn't necessary all the time.
S*** must suck a**. Mad respect to whoever has schizophrenia.
I spent a day with people with major depressive disorder or social Anxiety. I have both but those seem to be very common in the mental health world.
When Jorge brought up Etika, i lost it, broke down and cry, y'all are hella strong
WHO R DISLIKING THIS VIDEO.........WTF....
Jorge, I love you, man. <3
i dont know any people who can interview them with such emphaty and understanding than anthony
As someone who also has skitzophrenia I am so proud of this episode. It truly showed what we go through and that we aren’t “crazy”
I learned so much from this, thank you ❤️
I wonder how many holes he has in his ceiling
Nobody:  Big Tree:   *"I'm gonna fall on you, and I'm gonna kill you"*
Anthony is such an amazing interviewer 🥺
cecilia's voice is so calming omg
These are questions you can’t just ask a person because you would never know (typically).  As a person with mental illnesses I appreciated this
that is scary!!!
That camera trick is a really good idea though
Not enough of these kinds of people or these kinds of topics get shared around the internet. I don’t have schizophrenia, but this has helped me to understand a topic I otherwise would have considered too boring to actually properly research. (No offense to anyone).
I can't imagine how hard it must be for them.... absolute nightmare!!
pree crazy stuff. I can't imagine what it must be like :( <3
this is so interesting.
I really appreciate all of these people coming onto Anthony's videos and talking about DID, and Schizophrenia, and Tourette's, and everything else, because it's SO so important to understand and learn how to react to people with these things without being fearful and increasing the stigma, these videos can literally save peoples lives and I think it's SO amazing, and I hope people learn
Ooo
Might be a good move to caption your videos for those with hearing difficulties? Otherwise really appreciate and admire this series, thank you ❤️
YESSS - thanks for featuring Schizophrenic Hippie. Love his content.
I’m in nursing school and next week we are doing a lab where we have a schizophrenia auditory hallucination experience. We’re going to go in public and try to do regular daily activities for an hour with an audio file playing through headphones. Thanks for this video Anthony! 😊❤️
one of my closest friends in college started showing signs of schizophrenia, and it scared all of our friends when he'd do strange things or start talking to nobody, but I was never afraid of him. I'm a psych major, so I felt decently equipped lol. one day he was drunk and I noticed he separated himself and was zoning out. I went to talk to him, like always, and he was just kinda rambling about the weird things he was seeing and feeling. then he just looks right at me and says "we love you" and just laid on my lap and fell asleep. anyone with mental health struggles just needs those around them to understand and see them without judgement.
Anthony, I know you most likely won't see this but I want to take a second to thank you for doing what you do! I work in medical and for someone to bring awareness to things that you typically don't see means so much to me and those in the communities in which you are talking about! I have never ever commented on a content creator page before but thank you for what you do and for sharing these amazing human beings' stories!
I really love this video. One of my great great uncle’s has schizophrenia and he’s really the kindest man I’ve ever met. Most family members don’t visit him very often, but I would try my hardest to see him at least twice a month before Covid. His schizophrenic hallucinations are a number of men who constantly talk to him about what he should watch on television or where he should go out to eat. The only time that they’ve really gotten in the way is when they tell him to stop showering, but other than that, it’s just my family who chose not to be around him because they think he’s crazy. He’s at the age where he’s unable to take care of himself anymore, but fortunately the members in my family that do care for his well being got him into an assisted living community.
What an amazing educational series! I love it! It's so interesting! Keep doing what you're doing!!!
Where’s twoMad
This is unrelated to schizophrenia, but Anthony, I would love for you to do a video on polyamorous and non-monogamous people. In particular, I would like to request that you PLEASE interview people from a range of relationship configurations - the media these days focuses WAY TOO MUCH on throuples and triads (always with one men two women) and it deeply, deeply frustrates me as triads only make up 5% of the polyamorous community, and encourages the practice of unicorn hunting which is super toxic. Please consider it!
I think what scares me the most is the hallucinations that try to coerce you into killing yourself, or just violent acts where you end up dying. I cannot imagine the stress they need to live with.
Like mentioned at the beginning there are many types of schizophrenia. For example, my father main seem not to have anything, he is, acts and passes for your average person. However, though he refrains himself from experiencing extreme anger, in my 30 years I have know of 2 times he has had a schizophrenic episode, where unfortunately he acts upon the anger and has no recollections of what has happened in the time of. It is a time of total loss and once the person comes through its like no time has pass only to know they have come back to the realization that they have done something because of what they see in front of their eyes.
you have to do a video on OCD it is one of the most misinterpreted disorders, what it really is, is totally different than what the media thinks it is.
I know that I, personally, have always lived in fear of having something like schizophrenia, not because of the stigma around it but because I have severe depression and paranoia and I know for a fact I would not be able to cope with something as life changing as schizophrenia, and I seriously respect people who have it and are living with it because that takes so so much strength
The 97 people who disliked are weird.
This was amazing ❤️
I'm so glad Anthony has a channel and talks about these controversial things. It's important to so many people and this subject is so so important to me
Bruh 30k likes and 98 dislikes, good job in supporting Anthony
Anthony you are such an incredible man with such a huge heart ❤ speaking with people and respecting them never judging or looking down on them, its such a powerful and special thing, I absolutely 1000000000% agree that mental health needs to be talked about n in more schools n things to help not only the ppl suffering but their loved ones understand n educate.
Have you done ADHD yet?
Please do “I spent a day with someone with an Eating Disorder” !!
The girl reminded me what kind of happens to me. I have serious arachnophobia and when I see them, like I did on this video. I start to see them or think of them as if they are in my reality. I wake up from nightmares and would throw off my blanket, shake it, and turn on a light until I calmed down. I would be afraid that my dog was actually a spider and I was hallucinating it was a dog.
You should do a day with non- binary people
I found cody on TikTok and binged all his videos. Keep up the great work Anthony
I've been afraid of one day developing schizophrenia because of how terrifying it seems like it would be to live with, especially if I were to develop it now as a college student after going my whole life without it. Especially if I were to hallucinate terrifying figures like the blob or the clown that Cecilia mentioned. I've experienced auditory hallucinations before, but I know those can happen to people without schizophrenia as well. Sometimes when I'm struggling to fall asleep and it's just too quiet, I think I hear a radio playing softly. It almost sounds like it's one room over, but as soon as I sit up and try to actively pay attention to it, I can't hear it anymore. I have a hard time shutting my brain off at night, so it's probably related to that. My roommate experiences auditory hallucinations when her anxiety gets really bad too. But the extent to which people with Schizophrenia experience hallucinations is something I can't begin to imagine. My closest understanding of it is how it's portrayed in A Beautiful Mind.
This video is very much appreciated and very personal to me. As someone who's mom had Schizophrenia (among other disorders) we need more attention on these things. My mom unfortunately did not get the correct help she needed and ended up having a major episode that resulted in me being taken away from her. It didn't help that we weren't in our home country (Ireland) and the US was and so is very bad at dealing with the situations. If we better understood these issues, I think today I would still be with my mother, but we are now a whole ocean away and that does weigh on me. Overall though, I worry about my own mental Health since I already have Anxiety and Panic Disorder, yet I feel like videos like these help to better the situation of people like my mom and others. Luckily she has been able to transition properly and today she is mostly unaffected by her disorder which is great, but at her peak it was terrible and I don't wish it on anyone else. Let's fight to fix this
rest in peace etika <3
Thank you Anthony for all you do to help people share their truths!🧡
People really have the audacity to be afraid of people with schizophrenia when the people with the disorder are actually the ones who have frightening things happening to them. People are so afraid of what they don't know and understand that it blocks off their capacity for compassion.
That chick LIVING a nightmare
Where their best interviewer shirt though?
I learned so much from this, and all your videos. Thank you!
Day one until he sees this comment and does adhd
ANTHONY IS SO KIND, UNDERSTANDING AND NON JUDGEMENTAL
My very best friend has schizophrenia and I love her
I am officially freaked out. I've told myself I can't have schizophrenia because I was 4 when it started and I thought it could only start in late teens. Guess I gotta talk to my doctor. Edit: oh my god that phone trick is genius. I'm always just trying to look at others and try to see signals that others notice the people I'm noticing so often I don't say hi to someone unless someone else said hi first so I know the person isn't a spirit, or a hallucination I guess if I have a disorder, that thought kinda scares me.
I had psychosis and what made me almost completely give up on my life was the fact that all of my friends and family treated me like I had a disease and that I was gonna kill hem or something they were so afraid of me and I would be so sad because it felt like I loved everyone
I don't know what I thought schizophrenia was, but it wasn't this. Thanks for informing in respectful yet entertaining ways!
Thank you for this ♡ I lost my mother because of this disorder and I think everyone interviewed did an amazing job at representing this illness
I was thinking about this the other day but i could not find an informative video.....thanx Anthony for making the video
Good Lord the girl's disorder sounds like she trapped in a horror movies 24/7.. That's so horrifying
Thank you so much for this Anthony and all of the people who spoke on this. My sister struggles so much with her schizophrenia. She started showing symptoms while she was 15 and I was 9. It was hard seeing her go through something I could not experience myself. She was diagnosed at 16 and has struggled every day with it. She is 27 now and she just now found the right dose and medication after years of trying. If anyone with schizophrenia or someone who knows someone with schizophrenia please know it is manageable. You can live your life to the fullest extent and you will find people who will accept you for all of you. Anyone who loves someone with schizophrenia: please allow the person to talk about what they're going through if they need to. Don't act scared or creeped out. Comfort them if they're overwhelmed. If you notice them disassociating ask if there is a place they would be more comfortable. It's trial and error. Just be as understanding as you can be :)
i really really really wasnt ready for the voice simulator and it scared the shit out of me and i had to immediately skip forward (like i didnt even make it one second in). i have an extreme phobia of disembodied voices, so i cannot IMAGINE what it must feel like to have that happening all the time!
Thank you so much ❤😭
This series is always enlightening, but hearing about these people's experiences, the way they have to live life with this terrifying illness is just, wow. They are so strong, the way they have to go through so much fear on a daily basis. I hope the world and the media can be more empathetic and just stop using this illness as a medium of entertainment to frighten others when it sounds so frightening for the people that have to live with it.
To the people with schizophrenia thank you for talking about it and educating other people about it. I didn't have much of an understanding of the symptoms until this video and I want you all to know that you did a great thing.
You got this Jorge! ❤️
Pray for etika JOYCONBOYZ 4ever miss my man
As someone who works with spirits and entities on the daily all of their symptoms sound like they have psychic sight. When you don't know how to control it you get swamped by negative entities that will do horrible shit, their #1 goal usually is to try to get you to kill yourself.
I Always wondered if someone with this disorder ever had a hallucination who was like their bestfriend and like "someone" they are attached to & when they take their medicine and their done if they ever miss them..
I follow kody on tiktok and am really happy to see him in this video!
I am so happy to see Cecilia. I have seen her on SBSk and her Tedtalk. She is a wonderful person and I hope she is doing well!
I just looked at the thumbnail and just thought “oh it’s the tiktok guy”
Waiting for Trisha Paytas to post a “coming out as schizophrenic” video.
I LOVE KODY! I follow him.on Tiktok.. He's an amazing person who started a non profit to help people with felonies and mental issues get back into the working world and cope in society
thank you for shedding light on this topic. i was recently diagnosed with schizophrenia, and now im constantly demonised by my family for it. their only other reference to someone who has schizophrenia is my uncle, who nearly beat his sister to death right in front of me. they think ill turn out violent like him when im older, which isn't necessarily true. we're not bad people by default.
the etika part made me tear up
My cousin Zack had schizophrenia, and he took his own life at 17 years old. I wish I could have known all of this then to try and be there for him. Thank you for having these conversations, Anthony. It means a lot to me to see so many with the same condition thriving.
I had a manic episode this past year and I truly believed I was the reincarnation of Jesus and doomsday was near and the only way I could save the world was getting myself admitted. I also heard a clock in my room that would tick faster and faster. There was no clock. I also heard demonic voices. It was scary. But I got diagnosed with bipolar. I'm guessing the psychosis came with lack of sleep. But the hallucinations were so real that it was scary
These people are so strong. Can't image how hard it must be to live like that.
Omg I also hallucinate spiders its horrible
I'm sorry but I think they're psychic..
Make one about depression
Hi Anthony, I love the videos you've been making . I have  EDS (Ehlers Danlos Syndrome), and would love for you to do a video on it. EDS needs more acknowlegedment, as it affects every day life and there's not current cure for it or much research going into it; as well not alot of doctors know about it. I would love for it to have more awareness and people to understand about it.  I hope sometime in the future to see a video on it. :) Hope you have a wonderful day
Anthony! you really make me learn things, i was too wrong about schizophrenia i'm ashamed
For anyone that needs help, look at the channel "Living Well with Schizophrenia"!! ❤️ it's amazing
You guys should read.  Finding Alice  Its sooo good
2 people in my direct family have schizophrenia, both refuse to believe it and believe they are perfectly fine. As much as my family wants to think that, everything checks out. Both suffer from seeing things, hearing things and while one doesn't get violent, the other one does. It can be very scary sometimes, but we've learned to deal with it. Another thing is one of my friends seem to have schizophrenia as well, they constantly see things that aren't there, even though they are reassured many times nothing is there. I can't say what it's like first hand since I don't have it myself but my heart goes out to all those people, if you read this whole thing thank you so much!! <3
Its crazy bc 1% of the population has the disorder but it doesn't USUALLY present until later in life, late teens to early twenties. So you live a long time and then boom..shit jumps off!  And the side effects of antipsychotics can be terrible...so the person might get relief and have less or no hallucinations but the side effects are terrible. 😞
You should interview those with sleep paralyses. I used to see a “demon” when I would go threw these. It’d be interesting to hear other people with this.
I know this is serious but it's kinda funny how he pronounces it schizophr-aye-nia sometimes
I’d love to hear someone’s experience with being in complete denial of having schizophrenia. My family is dealing with this with my 30 yr old sister for the last year. It’s sad and frustrating.
I suffer from psychosis and experience a lot of similar symptoms, it's often wrongfully portrayed and it can make a lot of people who suffer from these sorts of things feel really awful about themselves (me included). It's such a great thing to see someone with a huge platform spreading awareness about a misunderstood mental illness. Thank you Anthony.
As someone with schizophrenia this video brings so much comfort, knowing I’m not alone with this really makes me feel so much better. I’m so thankful for you covering this as the stigma around it is so negative. Thank you for being understanding <3
I really think health classes should show these videos
Video idea: Spending a day with people with sociopathy
Having a name for your condition helps so much from personal experience. I have found that with both my mental health and physical health. My psychiatrists have gone back and forth between bipolar and borderline personality and your videos have really helped me work it out. I wish these beautiful souls peace of mind and a very healthy future, they truly deserve it xxx
Have you ever thought about doing “I spent a day with 9/11 survivors”? I think it would be really interesting to hear the story’s of them and what they were thinking when it happened
I wonder if they could have a video about talking with suicide attempt  survivors.
I was expecting twomad to be in this lmao
As a paranoid schizophrenic myself, this brings me joy that he’s bringing awareness to this
can you please do a video talking with the LGBTQ+  youth!!! I feel something like that could be very beneficial to children and adults because it could help them understand us more.
Right so... I don't think I have schizophrenia, as far as I know (but who even knows at this point I have so many other problems). But I have had both auditory and visual hallucinations due to extreme stress apparently(???) is what I've been told (by my mother and doctors at the (psychward). I remember seeing floating heads round me and various monsters, and like... it was so fucking scary, I had never seen anything like this before and as a fairly logical individual I thought "why am I seeing this? These things should exist why are they here why am I seeing this, is this real, are they going to hurt me?" etc. etc. At that time I was all alone in my room only on a call with two people online and no one could be there to reassure me.  The auditory hallucinations weren't scary at all though, from what I can remember. I apparent heard lots of knocking in the walls when I was in the ward and I didn't know they weren't real. I apparently told the people working there that I couldn't sleep because someone was knock and it was annoying or something(?) and they never heard anything. It was probably recreating the reason I was in the ward at the first place.  I can maybe think that after several years of this that maybe one could get used to it a bit. I think after a while maybe the floating heads wouldn't leave me in a shaking screaming mess on the floor but who knows. However IDK if I'd be able to get used to knock in the walls at 1AM when I try to sleep. xD
Did you already do OCD ?
Can you spend a day with military children or vets or even active duty? I ask because as a military "brat" myself, I never felt recognized as existing. And it's not something that goes away once you become an adult. It's how you were raised.
I love these videos, but Anthony could you please not use dark, scary music for these? It makes a negative association to the subject and it's a bit unsettling. Just a note from someone with multiple disorders, and sensory issues. I love your work! Thank you for your compassion. 🥰❤❤❤
Why do you come out of the ceiling try coming out of the ground 😃👍🏼
My sister was diagnosed as schizophrenic and suffers a lot with psychosis after a bad nervous breakdown a few years ago, and I can't even imagine her being dangerous to anyone but herself. She's so full of constant anxiety and spends all her time trying to organise what she's doing and keeping herself busy so she isn't distracted by what she calls "the lecturers" that she says talk to her through family members and the radio. It can be stressful for family too, being that she's always so overly anxious and paranoid, but it's not her fault. Please never get annoyed or frustrated with someone over anxiety, they may be dealing with something more than just worry, and just because you may think they're overreacting, the worst situations are very possible to them.
joycon boii 4ever
It's sucks but my Dad had Schizophrenia and PTSD from Marines and I try my best when I go to his apartment on the weekends it's not usually bad but some weekends are worse then others and i just feel bad. Sometimes idk how to handle when it gets bad. I love my dads company.
My mom just lost her job I am really sad and this made me happy  thank you
Another great video 💖 The people who volunteered to be interviewed are so brave. I'm so grateful for this channel and people who participate in these videos and give us the opportunity to learn about their condition from their perspective.
I have panic attacks and the stuff that the guy with the earphones, Jose,  talking about touching the walls makes total sense to me.
every guest of this series, specially the ones with the most vulnerable themes such as this, is so brave and i'm really thankful for them! to kody, cecilia and jorge, thank you!
“One was named Nikola” I know this is a very serious videos but that set off alarm bells in the sludge of TMA brain rot I have in my head
Anthony my brother has schizophrenia diagnosed at age 19 and he is now 47. He must have the absolute worst case of this or he has progressed negatively with age because these people seem so normal to me. My brother spends his ENTIRE day pacing and talking and even sometimes screaming to the voices in his head. ALL DAY. He has a name for my mom, calls her "line 4" when he talks to the voices. At times it's hard to even get him to break out to carry a conversation with me. It breaks my heart but this "world" CONSUMES his existence.  Not like these "normal" schizophrenics. Can anyone knowledgeable on this offer me advice? Because the people in this video look absolutely like nothing of the schizophrenia that I know and that affects my life. I love my brother so much but he is on another plane. I dont even think he can comprehend that he's schizophrenic because he's so gone in the world of voices in his head. There is no normal conversations. Only for a moment.
Heeeey Jorge bro very brave of you. SHOUTOUT TO DR!
Thank you for taking the time to talk about these topics. It's so important to not just have these conversations but to hear it FROM the people who live with it each and everyday. No one can talk about it better than them. Thanks for all you do and thank you to the brave guests you have on your show for sharing their stories! (Also I noticed you didn't give them a best interviewer shirt but I'm kinda glad because its responsible in these times to maybe not ship things either, at least for now)
wow. cecilia has come a looooong way from her ted talk and sbsk interview! i didnt even recognize her
Sit down with Trisha Paytas and be this polite and accepting. Until you do that, this nice guy stuff seems like an act
is there a PTSD video?
Can you please do OCD it’s such a misunderstood disorder
Delusions huh so Flight has schizophrenia       Edit: Doesn’t everyone have like a lil bit of schizophrenia, cuz like I be chilling and randomly I see a shadow just run past my door
I don't have mental illness but my mom does. I know what mental illness is from my personal experience at a very young age. I remember my mom yelling at the closet when all this time it was the voices talking back at her.  Now as an adult, I know when she's having an episode but they're not that huge, which I'm thankful. She is, too. She is on great medicine. I am somewhat a personal care attendant and I know when in fact she hear things that are completely different than what I hear, I kindly correct her and she lets it be.
I sincerely thank you, Anthony, for bringing attention to those of us with mental illnesses. People need to realize that mental illnesses are  like having high blood pressure or diabetes. They are an illness in the brain, often much worse than a general illness.   My husband has had a mental diagnosis that increased in intensity about 2 years ago and it continues to affect him. They are still trying to get the ideal med combinations to help him. There’s sometimes weeks that he just can’t leave the house to go to work. Just since last Friday he’s missed 3 days.   I was diagnosed in 2006. It also took years of going through so many meds, until they finally had me stabilized. But the brain changes and they have to adjust again. Three times different meds completely affected me in a really bad way. I have no doubt they caused some brain damage.   Everyone has a story. The above are just 2 examples.   Something else that is very important is to find a therapist who you are comfortable with. ———————————- I want to say something to the government agency that did the following (they’re won’t see this, unfortunately): you have literally made so many of us worse by scaring mental health providers that their license could be revoked if they prescribe a controlled substance! Anxiety is a huge problem that many of us have. Because of the powers that be, we can’t have anything to treat it other than meds that don’t help. At all. Some of us *need* Ativan/klonipin/Valium, etc. But all of a sudden we couldn’t get anything like that.   I realize that there is an illegal drug problem, but by trying to stop it (guaranteed this doesn’t help), like I said, you are hurting people who legitimately need narcotics for medical reasons!  💕 Thank you to those brave enough to come on Anthony’s channel to talk about your journey with mental illnesses. 💕
a couple of years ago i went into an amphetamine induced psychosis (i used to be extremely self destructive & am now doing a bit better & getting the help that i need). i had very vivid auditory & visual hallucinations & it was one of the scariest moments of my life. not being in control of what u perceive as real/imaginary is terrifying. since then i became quite paranoid & ive realized schizophrenia actually runs in my family which kinda explained why this affected me so much. even tho i don't experience this on a daily basis, i'm so thankful that ur doing this and providing a safe space for all to share & start a conversation about their own experience.  love u all, dont do drugs (especially if ur mentally ill) ! ❤️
My father suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. He was never aware that he was sick, so he took medication but stopped because he was extremely delusional and paranoid which led him to think that medication was poison. He believed that the government was controlling his mind and that they were going to annihilate my mother and I, they (voices) told him that we were going to get raped and murdered. He thought that he’d save us from them by taking his own life, so he did. He decided to commit suicide when I was fifteen, so as a teenager, it was extremely traumatizing. But he was a wonderful father, and I am glad that he is at peace now, he is not suffering anymore. <3 it still amazes me how he’d prefer to die before letting anything happen to my mother and I. Thank you Anthony so much for talking about this. It means a lot.
You are such an awesome listener and ask such insightful and compassionate questions. Would you consider interview people living with bipolar disorder?
When Cecilia said she hallucinates spiders I just felt spiders crawling all over me 🥶I think these people are the bravest of us all making light of something so terrifying I can’t even imagine it!❤️
My mom has schizophrenia and has delusions about me and my sister being sexually abused by our family along with paranoia, no matter how much I would tell her it wasn't true she wouldn't believe me and it had a negative impact on our relationship.I had to move away from her and my little sister who is 7 (I'm 14) to live my father in a different state because of it. I know it's not her fault and that it doesn't make her a bad mom. Watching this video helped me understand what she goes through a little bit more and maybe I'll be able to support her more and hopefully repair our relationship in the future, thank you!   Edit: All the replies really mean a lot to me, I'm happy that to know that I'm not alone thank you so much ❤
"SCHIZOPHRENIA". Caps locking it so it seems spooky? Imagine the 95% of people whose opinion towards schizophrenics slightly worsens just from seeing this title while they scroll to the video they actually want to watch.
I’m so sorry that our media try’s to portray you all as bad people, you do not deserve any of the hate that comes your way. I can’t imagine going through all these things and anyone who has it, you’re all such strong and beautiful/handsome people!!
My best friend has schizophrenia and the guys thought "its more dangerous for the person the person going through it than you" is really valid, i appreciate this video. I learned a lot that I kinda knew but now makes sense. Im always there for him 1000% by him just telling me that he needs.
Your interviews @AnthonyPadilla are teaching me more and more new information about the people in and around this world that I have not known about. Thank you for sitting, listening, speaking, and comforting everyone while speaking on this matter. Thank you.
THANK U ANTHONY THANK U i am in remisson for 1 year from schizophrenia ❤️❤️❤️
I think we need to stop treating people like they're just mental disorders. I myself have been like that, always trying to dig into what their disorders entails, wanting to know how their symptoms manifest. It came from a place of wanting to understand and emphasize with them. But I now realize that's more harmful and it is helpful.
It’s such a intresting thing to lean about but like I can’t sleep now.
What if people with SCHIZOPHRENIA just interprets more of reality than regular humans do?
Anyone else love what Anthony is doing with this series? 💕
I honestly believe people diagnosed with psychotic disorders have a sixth sense
i'm pretty sure you said 'fingertits' there buddy
I’m becoming a mental health nurse next year and this is really helpful for me to know what to do and say to help a person feel better while in a time of distressed.   If anyone with schizophrenia or mental illness wants to let me know what the best possible way is to support people I will really appreciate it.
I have a problem that needs answers. So, if you have one, feel free to reply.  For a while now, I have been having scary thoughts. And by scary I don't mean "You're going to die" but more like, my mind is imagining.... horror movie things. A lot. And I am always scared. I don't want to look behind a curtain because something is behind there or I don't want to look in the mirror cause it isn't going to be me, etc. It's like I'm 6 all over again. Is it my anxiety? Does anyone else feel this way? What is it?
IVE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR THIS YESSS
Oh, tears and laughter! I loved this video! <3
can you do ADHD? it's not that uncommon but I've noticed that people who dont have it dont understand how we feel at all
When one of my favorite youtubers mash with my favorite tiktoker. Thank you for this!!
I used to watch a lot of interviews with Cecelia!! she looks like she’s doing well 😊
I have a brother who is schizophrenic, and a couple times when I explained this the person would correlate schizophrenia with the term 'crazy'. They wouldn't know the symptoms or anything, but they would say this term in an almost derogatory way.. it was very frustrating. I agree, there should be more education about mental health.
A day with people with ADD/ADHD?
can you do i spend a day with people witth bipolar disorder
I have auditory hallucinations when I get sleep paralysis and it's terrifying.
SO much love to all of the participants today and to all dealing with this disorder on the daily. <3 Thanks so much for sharing, everyone.
Part of my OCD was a phobia of developing schizophrenia- I couldn't even say the word. After years of therapy I am able to watch this and feel no anxiety whatsoever. This video was helpful and not distressing for me. It's nice to see people being able to live normal lives who deal with this, as I worked in a psychiatric facility and only saw the worst, more extreme sides. Thanks Anthony!
you should do one on ocd
Schizophrenia terrifies me, I cannot imagine what these people go through! Love to them and their strength 🙏❣️
I appreaciate Anthony and his team bring awareness to missunderstood groups of people and allowing those who live with these sorts of conditions to voice their own story.
anyone else see the hickey on his neck?
My mums sister had schizophrenia and had depression and anxiety and she committed suicide on a hospital building and my mum who goes there for surgeries always remembers and sees her sister just falling off I never got to meet my mums sister but I hope she’s in a better place now!
my aunt has schizophrenia
My mum has schizophrenia and growing up I always thought she was some sort of crazy detached person as a kid. But as I grew older, I learnt more about mental health and it really helped me understand and love her. I hope this video can do the same for people with loved ones who have schizophrenia and people with schizophrenia too.
Oh fuck
my uncle battled with this mental illness so badly he would barely leave his room, and unfortunately endured emotional and verbal abuse from him because of how bad it was for him. it was so horrible for both him and i.
Omg Jorge is domi 🥺🇩🇴🇩🇴
Would like a segment on BiPolar1 disorder with psychosis please
I always see things running across the road or hiding behind buildings as I walk close. I also hear things and have gotten into it with mt husband over what I've heard
This series is so insightful. I love that you are bringing these subjects to the forefront and kudos to all your guests who are sharing their experiences. Some of these subjects are things I’ve read about, but hearing first hand experiences really helps create a better understanding. Especially with mental illness where people are fearful to talk about it or deny how serious it can be. Keep it up!
I know they say you can’t dream up a persons face that you have never seen. (That might not be correct.) Are the hallucinations always people they have seen before too? Or do they make up the faces?
I don’t have schizophrenia, but I do have psychosis! I’ve been told the two are similar so this is really helping me understand what one is. I still don’t even know what psychosis really does to me besides hallucinations and the paranoia but I’m glad to know how I can relate and maybe pick out some similarities. Can’t find any differences just yet since I’m only six minutes in. Thank u Anthony!
Spend day with homeless people? So many on the streets including veterans who fought to protect
Can't wait for Trisha Paytas to show up like 👀👀👀
This to me is so much more powerful than any of my lectures on psychiatric disorders tbh
Cody!
I like how he stopped say “wondrous” in front of “world of ____” for topics like this 😂
I’m glad these people shared their stories, I had a friend in high school who got diagnosed with schizophrenia and this helped me to understand some of the things he has to go through
Please do an episode with people who have POTS/dysautonomia! They're so debilitating and exhausting to deal with, and there's no cure, you just treat the symptoms. No one knows about it, and it's an invisible illness, and some attention on it would be great!
Hi Anthony my girlfriend has Schizophrenia & I treat here like I do with anyone I know a regular person.  She has gone back to school to get a Master's in social working so she can help people who have it. I am happy for what she is doing.
ngl I kinda wanna see him do one with people with ADHD or dyslexia just cuz I have both of those
The moment where the guy said he uses his phones camera to differentiate between hallucinations and reality- that's such a great grounding technique! I have selective mutism, which is a severe anxiety disorder, and my psychologist told me that using your phone or a camera to help ground myself if I am feeling scared. A picture cannot hurt you, and your brain feels calm in knowing that solid fact.
I watched Cecilia’s TED Talk!! She is so incredibly well spoken and strong
Cry, man. There’s no shame. Let people know how much we need to spread awareness for all mental health diagnoses. PS- could you speak to people with epilepsy? November is Epilepsy Awareness Month, and seizures are things people need to know more about.
My sister has this disorder and she hears voices and sees scary people and I am shocked she is battling this disorder and she is brave. I still pray for her every night knowing that she is battling this disorder.
Honestly this is one of your best episodes Anthony.  Thankyou this seriously is so true. They are not crazy. Mental help needs to be blown up with awareness. I'm glad that we have advanced so much to actually be able to help people and not turn them down for diseases or mental health issues
I thought Cecilia was familiar and I realized I watched her perform a TEDTalk a few years back! She is so brave and inspiring.
Cant wait for Anthony to interview Introverts.
I actually have been experiencing what these guys are describing, just the opposite. I have very vivid dreams, and I've been able to feel, taste, hear, and touch things in dreams, so the line between reality and dreaming has become more blurred for me. I also have memories of these vivid dreams and I can see details in them. Does anyone know what this might be?
Hope he someday do a "i spent a day with people with adhd/add"
I am not diagnosed with shizophrenia, but i show a lot of signs and think that i may just be in an early state.   I have always had depression and severe social anxiety, and I startet visually hallucinating 3 years ago. It mostly happened during school, i would zone out, see shadow people walk around me, and not be able to put my consciousness back into my body. I often also couldn't do my work as i was hallucinating too much and couldn't see my paper, or as i would see my table shake violently.  I had a lot of neurological checks as i also had very bad migraines back then, and was submitted to a therapist 2 years ago.  Last year my DP/DR started. I would physically feel absolutely nothing, and life would feel like a dream. My own movements & voice were unbelievable and distant to me, i felt like a robot which was controlled by someone else. When i wasn't able to find anything online about it, i came to the conclusion that i must simply be dead. It was horrifying. This state held on for about a month, and i only remember pieces of about 2 days, the rest is simply gone, as if i had a blackout.  I now also sometimes have auditory hallucinations, and i feel things that aren't there. I also have delusions, thinking that i can affect the world around me: for example i search for something, while thinking "i am not gonna find it", and it ends up not being there, even though it should be.  At the moment i am having trouble with sleeping. I easily sleep for 16 hours even though i do not want to sleep this much. I sleep so much because my dreams feel like an eternity. I feel like i am living for weeks and weeks in my dreams, i also wake up several times while still dreaming and think that i am awake, when in reality i'm not. I don't know how to stop these vivid dreams. I cannot part my dreams from reality anymore, i sometimes am convinced that something that happened in my dream has happened in real life. I also sometimes confuse my real life with my dreams, thinking stuff like "if i fuck up i can just restart, because this is a dream/a videogame" though i don't even play videogames.  There's a lot of things that are also pointing towards shizophrenia, but i cannot list them all, especially as i mostly forget a lot lately. I've started forgetting simple things like faces, names, or events in my life, though i have always had a very great memory, and it's very scary to me, as i feel like i'm slowly slipping away.
My mother has schizophrenia... she's one of the softest sweetest people I know.
KODY!!!! YASSS
I WANT TO SEE YOU SPEND A DAY WITH DYSLEXICS!!!!
I'm thinking it might be beneficial to have an episode about talking with people who work in the mental health field like mental health techs, psych nurses, psychiatrists, etc.
as more of these come out i keep seeing the line come close to ASPD and this makes me so happy
I grew up with my mother being schizophrenic. She used to write on our walls seeming to plead with whatever she was hallucinating. She’s doing so much better now with therapy helping her so please please please do not be afraid to seek help of a professional! I would also love to see a video with people who suffer with severe generalized anxiety and have physical health problems because of it. Everyone knows about anxiety but few know what severe anxiety does to the body and how it impacts physical health. I had no idea what anxiety can do to a body until it happened to me, and it’s devastating. Having doctors tell me all tests come back clear but you’re still in physical pain or throwing up and not able to eat and doctors just say “oh it’s your mental health, get that fixed then your body will be fixed”. I’d love to see people have more understanding of anxiety and the difference between natural nerves and an anxiety disorder and what and why things can cause it. I’m so proud of each and everyone of theses guests for talking about the disorder they live and cope with. There is so much courage in it. These guys are the role models we need.
bipolar next plzzzz
Is there ever such a thing as "I think I was schizophrenic?". Some of this stuff hits way too close to home but it's not as bad as it was when I was younger. Too many questions!
0:27 that nurse looks like Anthony in a wig
Could you perhaps do a video on OCD? 🤔
As a schizophrenic, *thank you!*
Can you please do sleeping paralysis,I struggle with that everynight
As someone with schizophrenia, it still gives me chills hearing it from someone elses point of view. Because I'm so used to it myself that when other people talk about their experiences, it knocks me back into reality and makes me realize that these characters I hallucinate arent real, and those voices arent there 😂
I’d like to see u spend a day with people with ADHD/ADD 😊
And, I see such strength in these people.  They are very brave to share their story.
Thank you for this, I’ve been looking forwards to this one! I myself live with this illness and I really hope that this episode brings some more positive awareness to it!
this series is so important, it shows how people who suffer feels and how we (people who don’t suffer with it) should react and be more empathetic
this sounds terrifying Jesus Christ
I'm a tour guide at a cave, I was talking to a girl I met about mental health because the subject came up. She said she had  Schizophrenia and I was really proud of my reaction. It happened afew months ago but I had been doing research on it. I could tell she was nervous and then felt accepted at the end
i heard that in societies where schizophrenia is seen as a positive hallucinations are more positive, but in our society since it’s seen as a negative thing hallucinations tend to be negative.
You should do an episode interviewing people with invisible illnesses/disabilities. I have multiple, but because I am a woman in my early-mid twenties, people tend to not believe me (including doctors!) even when I'm limping and using a cane. This is very common in the chronic illness community in general, so I think it would be really beneficial for someone with your platform to shed light on the situation! :)
I watched a Ted talk with Cecilia several years ago. Glad shes doing well
Do depression
We want to hear from you friend! Don’t let the voices win this time
would appreciate if u gave me a heads up before showing the picture of a clown. i hv phobia of clowns and i flung my phone across the room. i was scared for the rest of the video
Could you do one with someone OCD specifically intrusive thoughts? I just don't want to feel so alone.
Oh a fellow dominican
I wish towmad was in this
who else is so proud that Anthony stopped saying the wonderful world of......
Such an important topic to be talked about  I got emotional a bit more than once heheh Thank you for existing
My cousin got schizophrenia and she is the nice's person i know what she did that triggered that was do drugs and if you think that makes you cool or some like that then nah its not good
Damn Anthony, that purple rim light is popping! I see you 👀
The best way to understand and experience something close to schizophrenia is playing Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. No one ever showed this disorder as well as this videogame's creators did. They were recreating this experience by interviewing and constantly consulting with people that have been diagnosed with it. The job they did is great and pretty accurate. Highly recommended if you want to know how does schizophrenia sound, look and feel like. Seriously.
4:16 That sounds like D.I.D. a little
I’m so sad for these few. I’m a manic bipolar and it’s so hard. Mental illness isn’t a joke
I’ve been waiting for Anthony to talk Schizophrenia. I appreciate it so so much! I’m a young person with schizophrenia. I was diagnosed earlier than most people are diagnosed. And I look up to Cecilia and Cody so much! I follow them on social medias :D But I’m so glad Anthony can use his platform to spread awareness! It means so much to people like me...! Thank you so much to everyone who took time to watch this video and listen to these people’s experiences!!
Thank you all so much for opening up about your experiences and educating others. The strength you all show by being real and honest about what it is like to walk in your shoes is inspiring.
Thank you, Anthony, for once again... bringing HIGHLY misunderstood mental illnesses to the spotlight and educating more of the public about just how misinformed they are... As someone who has DID, having this separate video and allowing others to acknowledge distinct differences between the two disorders really means a lot to me and my system. We all love your videos, and me and my boyfriend who also has DID really love everything you do! Please continue to spread awareness, and educate the public by talking to the direct people, instead of making assumptions...
Hi everyone! After watching this video I thought of 2 question that I would like to ask, I would be so thankful if any person with schizophrenia can take sometime to read and answer my questions  😊👉👈 1. Do all hallucinations and delusions have a bad connotation? Like are they all dangerous or saying, doing things to harm you? Or are some nice, cute ones? 2. Why can someone like in the case of one of the guys, start having this symptoms kind of late in life (19 years olds) not like the lady as she had them when she was a small kid (5 years old)  I really just wanna educated myself a little more, and if I am mistaken in someway please let me know as I wanna be as polite and nice as I can... 🥺 again thanks to anyone that took time to answer me, have an awesome day and take lots of care! 🖤
YES! i've been waiting for this one for a month!
I love the energy you put into making your videos, and the obvious research that you do behind them to be as nice as posible to everyone that you intervew so your questions dont come off as rude. I am grateful that Youtube ever showed me your chanel
If you wanna do a vid w people w psychotic depression, hmu.
I have audio hallucinatiome but rarely visual but I also have DID and interesting spiritual beliefs (mostly oniremancie, am kin, reincarnation and am Christian) I think I just have DID and am misdiagnosed. Doctors dismiss my spirituality but my therapist is open-minded and we debate a lot of beliefs and conspiracies
The fact that you interviewed Kody! He’s really does so well educating about schizophrenia
I've seen some videos of Cecilia before and she seems so sweet and has taught me and a lot of people about schizophrenia, i don't have it but my best friend's mom does and my best friend tells me how hard it is for her to live like this and I can't even imagine:( you all are really strong and will always have my support<3
This hits home for me because my Dad has Schizophrenia, and sometimes I feel as though I might. Im so happy that Anthony takes the time to interview people who don't really get heard in public or in life. ❤
As someone with c.m.t    I would love to be one of the people interviewed to help represent the disease if u ever did a video on it. Love these videos!
So they don’t get the best interviewer ever shirt 😭
I remember that time I was asked my my dr and physiatrist where I hear the voices inside my head or outside, thank you for spreading awareness not only on this but every issue you cover
Do schizotypal and schizo disorder please
Their experience is a lot scarier than I thought. Hostile trees, violent children...yikes :(
I’ll be more than happy to see or be in an episode on postpartum depression this shit is real and people don’t speak on this at all
Im glad you started saying " The world of----" instead of "The wonderful world of----" Because many of the things you talk about are serious topics, and aren't exactly wonderful
I always love the topics you talk about, you bring to light things that other people don't.  And this time, I really really want to thank you so much.
anothony ive been following you for nearly 8 years and lately ive been watching all of these episodes without ever commenting bc i just dont usually do that; but i just want to say that i freaking love you. you are exactly what we need on the internet. understanding, listening, always wanting to learn more, being really accepting and just overall really kind and respecting. dude, you are incredible. every single episode, you do it again. thank you so much for giving a voice to all those who need/deserve it. thank you so much for teaching us and sharing all of this with us.
NEXT NEXT VIDEO SUGGESTION: SPEND A DAY WITH LUCID DREAMERS ❤️
i think you talking to people with mental illnesses about their experiences is incredibly influential. for those that have never felt or experienced the same things, and for those who have. i really hope to see you cover more mental illnesses that are perhaps often demonised or misrepresented by the media. eating disorders, bipolar, personality disorders, etc. as someone with anorexia, C-PTSD and bpd. i’d really love to see something covering PTSD as something not only found in veterans, and that not everyone with bpd is toxic and an awful person. bpd can make it more likely for someone to be abusive and toxic (and also find themselves as a victim of abuse)- as we are more emotional and erratic (i’m not going to sugar coat it) but it’s our responsibility to get treatment and bpd doesn’t make you a bad person. i’d also really love to see something covering how often mental illnesses are misdiagnosed- as this can really affect the people that were a victim of this. PTSD often comes with psychotic symptoms and this can mimic bpd, and manic depression. and vice versa. (im actually not sure i have bpd. but that may also be me being in denial as my abuser had bpd also. but if i don’t have this, half of the decisions surrounding my care and medication may have been mislead). i really appreciate the awareness you’ve been spreading and i hope you continue stuff like this!
There was this time I was walking down the stairs when I saw a giant spider run across the wall. It was huge it’s legs were like 2m long and it’s body was larger than my head. It freaked me out so much I slipped down the stairs and almost slammed my face into a wall. It hasn’t happened again since but sometimes I think about it and worry. Sometimes I also hear high pitched noises like a continuous beep. It gives me headaches but that’s just probably due to head trauma lol.
Holy crap that audio hallucination simulation freaked me right the heck out!
I never imagined that someone who stood up as a comedian would later become the paragon of talk show hosts that you have become. Your interviews are insightful, meaningful, and the most open/non-judgmental that anyone could ever be. Keep up this amazing series and I hope you stay motivated for this great cause that you have found!
Oh the girl was the one from SBSK <3
Omg I saw that girls ted talk before! She's so amazing (so is everyone else)!
one of our family friends ? i guess you can call him has schizophrenia. I was surprised when that woman mentioned not knowing what it was when she was younger, because it was explained very well to me when I was a child. im very aware of the symptoms and i hope other people take the initiative to tell their own kids because i imagine the whole thinking youre possessed thing she had going on was not pleasant.
I’m excited to watch this. I work with people with severe mental illnesses, so some of them are diagnosed with schizophrenia. It’s so misunderstood, and sometimes people don’t disclose symptoms bc they fear seeming “crazy”. So they can go undiagnosed and untreated
My Grandmother had Schizophrenia, I didn’t know until after she passed away when I was 12. My mom shielded me from knowing that my Grandmother had it so that I could still have a relationship with her and not be fearful. My Grandmother traumatized my mother as a child (she wasn’t diagnosed nor on medication), and I think it’s huge for my mom to take a step back from her own fears and let her children make their own relationships regardless. This video really opened my eyes, and now I feel closer to understanding my late Grandmother & others with Schizophrenia.
As someone who's always been fascinated by schizophrenia, perhaps to an unhealthy degree because of how it's portrayed in media, this was so informative and helped me realize some of my ignorance that I've had regarding this disorder. Thank you, Anthony. 🖤
Hey Anthony I want to thank you for your series. It's bringing light to mental illness, and fighting stigma.  If you talk about Bipolar Disorders or PTSD I'd love to be involved. I live with Bipolar Disorder type 2 and PTSD. I'm a peer connections facilitator for NAMI or the National Alliance of Mental Illness. I'm starting some advocacy work on my own. And I'm looking for opportunities to speak.
Id like to see i a day with people with eating disorders
once a friend told me she had an aunt with schizophrenia, and her hallucinations were that she saw doors and windows opening and shutting. So she told me her aunt got a dog, and with the dog's help she could tell when she was hallucinating, because if the dog didn't react, it meant it wasn't real
my dad told me when i first learned what schizophrenia is that people with it are more scared than scary, they are in need of kindness and understanding.
Your experiences are valid!! Don’t let anyone tell you guys different keep being you! I feel for you guys
Anthony even makes me feel comfortable while listening to the conversations. Thank you so much for that too ♥️✨
At nighttime’s I always hear voices like if someone is digging a grave or something with a shovel but i found it justs the refrigerator with the ice breaking sounds and I was tripping badly that day
My sister has Schizophrenia, autism, and D.I.D., and I am so glad I can reference those around me to these videos so that they can use them as a resource. There is no "perfect" resource for every question, but this series has been a good starting point for so many people - and for that, I am grateful.   To anyone out there who has a mental illness or is in a rough place, I hope that you're able to find the tools you need. To build the support that is there for and WITH you. And to begin to accept and know who you are, and that you're worthy of love, acceptance, and hope.
Anthony is the best interviewer I’ve ever seen, he never lets his own opinion gets in the way and he is very respectful no matter what. For a lighter theme would you think about doing aromantics? I’m one and don’t see it getting talked about a lot
I had to do a schizophrenia simulation today actually and listen to what auditory hallucinations would be like and it was pretty easy to ignore it and that’s actually what messed with me the most because I’ve heard Kody talk about how if he ignores it it gets worse and like I can’t imagine that. I can’t imagine not being able to turn it off. Or to have it get louder if I know it’s not real.
As a schizophrenic myself it was nice to see this. When I told my class I had schizophrenia during the mental health class one of my classmates actually called campus police on me and then I got investigated which just absolutely destroyed me. Everyone looked at me as a normal person but they all changed when I said what I had. I personally hear a voice very rarely saying my name in my ear or I’ll hear a flood of voices like I’m in a crowded room. Let me tell you, not flinching while talking to a teacher and you hear your name being shouted in rage right in your ear is hard. I see shadow people or just a normal person but they usually disappear as soon as I see them. For the ones that don’t, if I’m at home, I just curl up, close my eyes, and hug myself because seeing it sends intense panic through me even if it’s not scary. I tell people what i have and if they really care for me as a friend they’ll stay. I do D&D with my friends and one mentioned how my new character was like a schizophrenic since they have a spirt friend that no one else can see when they stopped when they realized what they said and tried to apologize to me. Now, THIS IS NOT THE SAME FOR EVERYONE, but I completely do not mind jokes and I even make them myself with my knowing friends. I told them it was all good and the group of us when back and forward making jokes regarding the topic. I personally like this because it shows me that people aren’t afraid or restricted for what they can say to me. We’re not psychos and killers like the tv makes us out to be, just people living as normal lives as they can day by day. Don’t be afraid and instead try to understand what kind of a package deal we are. That’s it for my rant. Stay safe and I love you all ❤️
What is Anthony using to talk to people? I know he usually uses a laptop, but I don't know what he is currently using.
10:39 I was reading the comments while listening, not paying full attention- but I had headphones on maximum... I'm crying now- I'm sorry that this is what you have to deal with on a daily basis, I wish it was easier
I've had derealization before and got to a point that made me terrified, but I feel terrible who have schizophrenia and have it worse
I wish this video had better audio
Love that you do this series!!!!!! I'm a psychology major at college and its so great to hear first hand experiences other than reading them in a textbook❤ greatly educational and I appreciate everyone who partakes
Anthony can you please do a video of people with Irlens syndrome
The media's representation of people with schizophrenia is so bad that I was surprised at how well-spoken and concise all the guests were on this episode. I'm glad you took on this topic because this episode really helped me understand people with schizophrenia more.
I clicked on this video expecting discrimination and treating people with schizophrenia, and I was so delightfully incorrect. I'm so glad that you are spreading information about this disorder, as its not talked about enough in a way that treats people with schizophrenia as people, not as just crazy psychos who think there's a person in the room ooo spooky! Thank you for being so respectful.
The voices and hallucinations are so mean to them (stabbing and taunting).. what if they were super kind and supportive and encouraging and caring instead.  That is so clever that he can use his phone camera to differentiate between real and hallucination.  I wonder if it would work for everyone? Or if some people’s hallucination would transfer.
I have been waiting for this video, with this topic. As a person with paranoid schizophrenia, this really hits home. I’m glad you made this video - to bring focus to this illness. Many people have so little knowledge or even don’t care about this mental illness. We need to talk about things like these things - like many other topics. So thank you, for shinning some light for many people on this topic. Really good video by the way - very touching and really informative~ keep up the great work, can’t wait to see more
My mom has schizophrenia (it's very well managed, she's pretty high functioning and a great mom), but I've never really known much about how it really affects her. So this was actually really interesting for me to watch.
Thank you so much for making this video. I feel kind of ashamed in my thoughts about schizophrenia before. But watching this definitely opened up my mind into thinking it’s not always like the movies and how people with it can live a somewhat normal life. Thanks for opening up my mind Anthony and guests!
I wonder what's their opinion about the movie "beautiful mind"...
Please do an episode about North Korean Defectors! Activist/Defector Yeonmi Park would be amazing for the interview!
Her story sounds familiar
How do you get schizophrenia? Is it a trauma thing?
My brother was just recently diagnosed with schizophrenia. Watching this video really helped me see what he is going through.
Thank you for doing this series!!
Anthony Padilla: * I spend the day with people with schizophrenia* Trisha Paytas: ops! Next video idea Also Trisha: “I have schizophrenia”
I haven't seen this show a lot so I dont know if you do this bit can you do asmrist's
Can anyone give me any advice. It’s probably nothing but the past 5 months I’ve been hallucinating which I’ve never done, the floor and walls swirl and move like waves. It’s not super intense but I know what I’m seeing. I also keep hearing a deep unintelligible whisper in my ear which unnerves me when I’m at work and it’s made me scarred to take the trash out at work now. I’m 16 so too young to be diagnosed schizophrenia in my country but could this be the start of this specific disorder or could it be something else since I dissociate regularly too and have since I was a child
The only upsetting thing I've experienced with someone with Schizophrenia is that I drew a demon for them and they ended up having it as a hallucination.. I felt so guilty. But he's wonderful! A really great friend!
interview people with OCD!
My brother has schizophrenia, he's the most loving person in the world.  I love Cecilia!!!
I love that schizophrenichippie is in this!!
Waiting for Trisha Paytas to drop an “I have schizophrenia” video
This was so educational. Thank you for this ❤️🙌🏼
Thank u Anthony, this was very informative and eye opening. I love what you do.
please do bipolar, my father has it but i don't ask him about it and want to know what it feels like.
GAWD I love this series Anthony, thank you so much for bringing mental health awareness. 💖
Could u do a video on people who are empaths?
Did he say fingertits
I anticipated this video so much, I’m so glad it’s out
Okay when Jorge was talking about how his inner voices were gonna tell him going on this show was a bad idea all i could think of was DissociaDID and the massive fallout that happened in their lives because of events after that video and it made me so sad
This episode was very eye opening to me. Not at all what I expected. I never knew their experiences were so real per say.
Bipolar?
Thank you for these videos! Thank you to everyone in this video for showing us what it's like to live with schizophrenia. Thank you Anthony for showing the humanity of these disorders! I'm really excited for the OCD video!
10:48 ?
Can you please do I spent a day with people with OCD? It is SO misunderstood as there are many different types eg. my OCD revolves around obsessions about harming others. People think because they are very clean they are "like, so OCD" and it's insulting asf because OCD obsessions take up hours and you lose all control of your thoughts and behaviours that result from trying to stop them. Thanks Anthony x
I love your content and the brave souls that come to educate us on these topics ❤️
This is an amazing video
You’re really teaching people how to be non-judgmental and that is AMAZING. Because of you, I have unconsciously become more empathetic. Thank you Anthony Padilla. Love from Nigeria 🇳🇬
This was very nice. What Jorge said about Etika is so true and should apply to every person. Love really is the answer to removing stigmas and helping each other with our individual mental issues.
An episode on aphantasia could be cool. I just realised I have it and it kind of blew my mind
So happy you interviewed Kody!! Such a good person, thank you!!♥️
Anthony, thank you so much for bringing awareness about all the different topics of this series. I really love these type of videos!
Hi Anthony, I love watching your series and I’m so thankful that you are able to bring awareness to different topics that other people might not be very informed about. Is it possible for you and your team to add captions for those who are deaf/hard of hearing. Thank you so much!  (Just an idea)
Nobody: Me having schizophrenia: Okay, but like, you did not see a man run across that hallway? I mean I know he looked all black like a shadow but like...Police? 10 minutes of crying later Me having schizophrenia: REMEMBERS I HAVE SCHIZOPHRENIA
When she said that she hallucinate a clown, I remembered watching someone on Ted Talk.  Edit: I searched it up, she grew her hair so I didn't recognize her.
Appreciate this a lot. Having a brother with schizophrenia and dealing with the ups and downs of it for many years, it is so important to be vocal of what this means and like was said that you're not seeing/hearing folks all the time. Thanks for this and so grateful for this community learning and growing together.
I immediately recognized Cecilia from her ted talk
Blesses be to all in this community. 🤩🌈🧸🌅🇦🇺
If I have derealization does that mean I have schizophrenia?
If I ever come across someone with schizophrenia, does anyone know any tips to help a person having a difficult time with it? Do grounding techniques help? Are there other ways I can help the person feel safe? Sending you all hugs 💜💜💜
Literally my favorite series on YouTube. Its fascinating and educational at the same time. And getting a view into some of these under represented groups, makes me understand those around me better and hopefully a better person
Thank you
It's ok to not feel ok. Crying is a sign of emotional strength. You are valid. You are not alone. <3
sive??
Really enjoyed this video! Ty Anthony for sharing and spreading accurate information about schizophrenia by interviewing these amazing people! <3
I’m so glad Kody was on this, hes a sweetheart
you'll probably never see this but I was just thinking you should do a video on victims of child abuse or child neglect or even just victims of abuse.
Thank you for this video, my partner has this and I wanted to know more about it.
Thank you so much Mx.Anthony Padilla🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 I really truly appreciate what you do and teaching about so many different things in an unbiased and educational way. I love watching your videos for a lot of reasons, the main one being that you are just so nice and don’t make anyone feel bad ever and are showing these things in a positive way, not in a “bad” or “scary” way like how most things do. You do it is such an amazingly kind and caring way that is practically never seen nowadays. I think you are so amazing and awesome👊🏼👊🏼👊🏼👊🏼
This is so interesting to me. My brother has schizophrenia so I really resonate with it. Sadly my brother is too far gone than these people in the video. I hope one day he can be like them.
Most schizophrenics are really stupid. I'm a genius compared to the typical schizophrenic.  However, if you get a truly bright schizophrenic, the CIA will probably track him/her as damage control.  that's not what I am.  Real stuff happened.  I'm lucid and can say this.
Mental health is so important. It’s okay to not be okay. And ‘not okay’ can be absolutely anything.
Hellblade: Senuas Sacrifice is a hidden gem game that lets the player fully experience what someone with schizophrenia goes through.
Anthony can you please do an episode on psychosis because I think there needs to be more awareness to that as well as schizophrenia
imagine if he had got twomad 😂
my grandfather and great grandfather on my dad’s side both have/had schizophrenia.  I haven’t seen my grandfather in like 12 years, but he had pretty bad delusions and hallucinations sometimes.
Anthony helped us all to know more about the world and the different types of people. He helps us to be more open to what our world really is even through the internet.  Anthony is like silently saying to those people he interviewed or even to us all that we shouldn't be ashamed or hesitant to show who we really are. ❤️
I'm not  schizophrenic but I've had auditory hallucinations before they are not fun >:(
My worst hallucination, which was caused by a head injury, was Cizin. Of course, the night that I went to the hospital, the tunnel closed down, and though he wasn't there the whole time, I sensed him.  It was a feeling I can't describe.  I had to sit there with horrible things happening in my skull.  I got there and was half-way into delirium, and I screamed and made a scene, so I was locked up and injected.
I’m so happy he got rid of the word WONDROUS
can you do adhd
I'm sad that there is such a stigma for children with this diagnosis or having this diagnosis as a possibility, especially with that one well know "case" that turned out to be abuse by the mother,  it makes other parents not want to get help/support for their children because of people's opinions  On saying this, if anyone knows or is a psychiatrist and wants to help me that would be great.
3 hours? Wow I'm early!
It is crazy thinking that most likely some cavemen experienced Scisofrania.
I’m scared lol
Cecilia is such an amazing person, I’ve learned so much from her interviews! It makes my heart warm to see she’s doing so well.
Im guilty of having having negative associations with schizophrenia subconsciously. Even though I told myself and was told by people it was normal, my mind always went to a negative place when thinking about schizophrenia. This video helped me realize what schizophrenia actually is, and I think I understand it a lot more than I did before. Preconceptions can be hard to get rid of, but this is a large leap toward fixing them. Thank you Anthony, this is really important for people to see.
BTW, we are dangerous until we develop true insight, which several are incapable of.  My medicine, though my brain is now addicted forever to it, keeps me from being extremely paranoid.  It sedates my horrible mental state.
I don’t have schizophrenia but my anxiety has caused me to hallucinate shadow people and especially bugs before. My heart goes out to the girl seeing spiders, I have to ask people sometimes if there’s actually a bug there
Important information to share. Thank you and thank you to all those who participated 🧡 here from Kody!
Maybe you could make an episode about body focused repetitive behavior (BFRB) I think many people need to learn about it cuz, just like me, they could have it and not even know about it
I have these symptoms
That tip about the camera is amazing, I don’t have or know anyone with schizophrenia but if I ever meet anyone with it, I can give them this tip.
welcome to the *wOnDrOuS* world of schitzophrenia
I was looking forward for this one
12:14 “You see a lot here in New York but you don’t see that” THIS IS SO TRUE LMAO😭
I actually have hallucinations I don't see my hallucinations expect 1 I named her Hannah. I haven't told anyone about these hallucinations but I'm planning to tell my therapist soon.
yet another amazing video anthony! one of my favorite shows on youtube honestly
You’ve become such a good guy. Like it’s really nice to see, you give people who don’t normally have a voice a voice. You should do a video on being transgender. I’d volunteer!
23:02 dont worry I caught the Eric Andre reference
This comment section is beautiful so I wanted to share something  There have been situations where my friends/family have "seen me" in moments where it couldn't have been me. For example, once I slept over somewhere else and when I got home my brother could've sworn he saw me, things like this have happened 3 times and all of them there has been absolutely no way it was me. Am I the only one? it's scary :c
I don’t usually comment but seeing a video like this is extremely heartwarming. As someone who is schizoaffective (which is schizophrenia with a mood disorder) seeing this type of awareness and reading the comments of people being so supportive of people makes me want to cry. Happy tears but cry nonetheless. I deal with this everyday and take medication for it but that doesn’t fully stop it and seeing Anthony talk to them like they are actually people again is heartwarming.   I just wanted to say thank you to Anthony for making this video and bring awareness to this disorder and showing that we are just people like everyone else!
everyone who's spoken in this is so strong. it truly makes me more comfortable with myself to see others be so open about their about mental health
Oooooo I hope people with Avoidant personality disorder will be on here too! I was diagnosed with it and I haven't found anyone specifically with it on YouTube. This was a real eye opener! Very educational
These videos always help me and educate me on things I don’t understand or things that I knew about but don’t have a knowledge about. Thank you always for everything Anthony ☺️
Im happy you made this video. My dad has schizophrenia and I like to hear about others lives so I can understand a little bit better seeing as not everyone is the same
Thanks for making this. I wish I had this to learn from when my mom was suffering with schizophrenia...
i hallucinate spiders usually but only after i just wake up. they often are running across the ceiling and/or wall. i used to have scarier ones where said spider is coming down on me on a web from the ceiling. also had multiple spiders before. the scariest one is when the spiders were huge and had clown faces. eventually now its just the wall ceiling thing and i wait for it to pass because i quickly realize its not real and it'll take a moment not to see them. its def not scitzho i think its something to do with sleep paralysis or something idk. hard to tell because i can move, i used to try to escape them and scream.
If you are reading this, just remember how important you are to this world. You are beautiful and special in your own unique way. Thank you for being you. You are appreciated. Have an amazing day.  ❤✨🌹
He is so good at interviewing people. He is very compassionate and is really good at interpreting what people are trying to convey.
UN DOMINICANOOOO 🇩🇴🇩🇴🇩🇴 KLK GENTE!
I have never met someone with schizoprenia. At least that I know of.  I just know that my grandfather used to have it and I really hope he found people who were kind to him.
I was dating a girl with schizophrenia for a few months ish in Collage and thought she can't be that bad. Classmates saying she'd hear voices in her head, she might try hurt me or herself infront of me and I wanted to give it a try because I did like her. Out of the many girls she didn't wear too much make up, she looked pretty average, not to say she wasn't pretty, she was but not like the other girls. So I was interested to learn about her, see what she's really like.  After months of dating though, things were awkward and when I tried to ask about what exactly she saw or heard she changed subjects, not wanting to discuss it. In retrospect I pushed alittle too hard maybe? Being too curious and not focusing on her instead. Parents got her a little apartment and she lives there, working now on her own and living well apparently. Wish I knew more before then, maybe if our school had lessons on that I could've approached it better.
4:28 that also sounds like Multiple Personality Disorder, no?
YOOOO KODY MY MAIN MAN
I genuinely believe my father is on the spectrum of schizophrenia. He is extremely paranoid but he refused to get help so we sadly will never really know for sure. But it sucks too because I would want to monitor it for myself and my future children but if he doesn't get diagnosed we won't know until someone experiences it. And it scares the hell out of me to just have my reality change one day
You should do fetal alcohol syndrome next
Anthony, I loooove this series! I think you should do an episode of people living with Diabetes. It’s a very big problem in our country and yet, it’s a very stigmatized illness many, MANY people deal with in their daily lives (myself included and ya know, I would die to talk to you all about it lmaooo). I can’t think of another disease that’s so prevalent, yet so misunderstood the way Diabetes is. Something I personally go through is having mental disorders (on TOP of being diagnosed with Diabetes) that make my executive functioning skills pretty terrible which can complicate my ability to take care of myself physically on a daily basis. I know I am FAR from the only person with a story like this, so I hope you’ll consider how much an episode like that could do for people like us 😊
i have never been so thankful for a video!! I have my test on anxiety, depression, bipolar disease and schizophrenia tomorrow! THANK YOU FOR THIS AND WISH ME LUCK <3
I had schizophrenia as a child but luckily I was mostly cured by the time I was teen. I still feel weird sometimes even till this day.
My account unsubscribed from Anthony's channel and I just now realized! Make sure you're still subbed!!!
I would love to see one with people who have a Eating Disorder. As someone who struggles with that I would like to see a interview that can shed more light on it
This is crazy, I am pretty sure i have this and felt so identified with the things they talked about. When I was  eight I reocurringly saw my minds interpretation of the boogieman. He was like a fusion between the rook and the knight chess pieces, but blurry and it had no legs, instead he walked forward moving back and forth like those chairs that lean forward and back. Nowadays when I am in intense tests my vision becomes blurred and when I set an alarm I check like seven times to see if i REALLY put it. And when I close my eyes to sleep I sometimes hear voices, but not creepy ones, I just hear my mom talking about the shopping list right next to me, but in reality its 5am and alone in my room. I even considered I had DID. It doesn't really affect me that much,  I don't have visual hallucinations anymore and only sometimes hear voices and have blurry vision, so its probably slight schizophrenia.
I will say that when schizophrenics are in the wild, we are more likely to kill and harm each other.
My grandmother and my mother struggle with schizophrenia. They both deny that they have it when they are professionally diagnosed. My grandmother needs to be looked after. My mother is homeless in Washington. She went to move in with my uncle, he ended up kicking her out, because she lost her job again. I live in Michigan with my father. My mother has horrible episodes and quits jobs or never goes to her job. My mother denied that she will be getting evicted and told me that we have somewhere to stay. when we did not. I worry about my mom a lot. I never want her to be in any kind of danger.
I think it would be cool if you interviewed people with Trichotillomania and other Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders. I have had this disorder since I was 10 and I don't see a lot of representation of this disorder, this could be because many people with the disorder feel ashamed and try to hide the disorder from others. I appreciate you taking the time to sit down and talk with individuals who live with various disorders. You are a kind and considerate host. :)
LOL on so many different levels.
I'm surprised they all experienced schizophrenia so young that's very rare, especially for women. It's especially hard for pre teens, because they can't even form a full personality before the disease takes over.
Thank you.  An excellent vid on schizophrenia.
When I first watched the episode on DID, it really became clear to me that I had perceived schizophrenia very wrong. And now, with this video, I feel I understand both conditions so much better! I'm likely never going to understand schizophrenia or DID completely, but I feel these videos gives so much with spreading awareness. Keep up the good work!!
When he cried i teared up
Love these interviews Mr. Padilla man :D I hope you can do an interview on people with ADHD. It’s pretty misunderstood, and I would like to see it when you and your team(?) got the chance :DD
I have a question that I feel like is only fair to ask people with schizophrenia directly, so if anyone has an answer I'd appreciate it very much! So, there's this musical called Cry Baby, and in one of the songs (Screw Loose), the character who has schizophrenia uses the word "schizo", and I have heard some people say that performers should try to stay away from singing this song, especially when it's not in the context of the show, because it is very offensive, and I've heard people say that it's not a big problem. The song is very catchy as well, but before I would ever sing/perform it, I would like to know if that is something that I am allowed to do, since I really don't want to offend anyone. So if anyone has any information on this, I'd be very grateful (I've googled this before as well, and haven't gotten a very conclusive answer)
Very informative interesting video very kind of them to share there stories 👍
don't mind me, I just came here to cry over how far had Cecilia come. So proud of you.
One of the best portrayals of schizophrenia I've ever seen is Hellblade Senua's Sacrifice.
This is so eye opening my uncle has schizophrenia and I finally kind of understand what he goes through
i've only been diagnosed with bipolar 1, but i do hear people talk when i have bad episodes and i also think that people are trying to poison me when they get me food or drinks randomly... it sucks pretty bad.
I appreciate everyone so much for sharing their stories! Thank you so much for all of these amazing videos!
Episode for people with type 1 diabetes? It would be interesting
My mother is blind and has situational schizophrenia that manifests when she feels one of her children are in danger. I remember the night after introducing her to my much older boyfriend, being woken up at midnight and being forced to take "communion" of saltine crackers and mashed up scupplings because she was convinced my boyfriend was the devil. At 15 to find out that way was very eye opening.
Notice how Anthony is one of the few YouTubers still not doing collabs in person :x
Yo I love your videos
That’s so sad that people think he’s crazy, he’s hallucinating and can’t help it. Anyways, this was really helpful figuring this out.
Can you do social anxiety?!?
Anyone else think Cecila's voice sounds like LavenderTown. It's a very calm voice
When I heard him talking about Etika i honestly cried. That guy loved nintendo and even the nintendo groups where being extremely hateful... I was genuinely sad. I thought he had depression maybe but this truly open a path not many like I would have imagined because of the lack of information. Thank you so much
I agree with our home boy nick, that we do need to talk more of mental health and open up not shut them down and I’m proud of Anthony to show more of mental health and also it’s ok to show feeling
Large spiders. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nopeity, nope, nope
22:49 uhum uhum
Anthony you’re so nice to everyone you meet 😁💚 can you do a day with trans people 🏳️‍⚧️
7777777
So hearing voices in ur head is like venom
Idk if you've done this, but can genderfluid be a video at some point? I never really see any representation that's positive and it's super discouraging. Ik that this comment will get no where, but I just wanted to suggest it in case it does.
I’m not sure if you’ve done people with bipolar, but I would really like an episode on that. It’s so helpful to learn the differences between these mental health disorders.
Anthony, I don't know if you will see this question from me but I hope that one day you will come across it and can answer it for me...  But when it comes to topics like these, how do you know that your questions are okay to ask? Do you talk to a doctor before hand so you don't ask the wrong thing that could really hurt or upset someone? Or do you just over think each question on your own and you and your team decides for yourselves that the questions you will be asking are okay. Do you send the questions to them before hand and they decide which questions they will want to answer. But even still, I feel like when it comes to something as sensitive as this.. Even sending them the questions before hand could still affect them in a negative way that could hurt them in their personal life. Am I making any sense?..  Maybe you do all of these to avoid the possibility of hurting them all together...  But anyway, I would love to hear a response because this is something I think about often when it comes to interviews you do like this one.   Thank you for always shinning light on things most people don't.   We love you! <3
Health Topics covered so far: 1- Borderline  2-Synethesis  3- Human Traffick Survivors 4- Kidnapping Survivors  5- Schizophrenia  6- Suevive police brutality 7- Tourette Syndrome  8- Agoraphobia 9- Immuno-compromised 10- Covid19 Survivors 11- Multiple Personality Disorder 12- Autism 13- Adult babies 14- To be continued ------->
"Ain't no way I'm gonna throw down with a demon lol" OMFG I'm dead XD
I'm glad you interviewed Kody, he's one of my favourite people on tiktok. He's one of the most genuine and kind person I can think of.
We really take modern tech for granted. The ability to use a phone to see if someone is real must really be a relief.
He spent the day with the Schizophrenia himself!
omg that little tiktok audio clip SCARED ME i even took out my headphones for a second, i cant imagin eliving with that these people are so strong
this is such a good good video as always.  I’ve never shared any topics, but I’d find videos about  •misophonia (severe one) •body dysmorphia  •ocd
23:02 is that an Eric and Andre reference 🤔
I love kodys TikTok ! so glad he got to be on the show
Seriously.  Thank you Anthony, intervewers, producers, and editors.
My ex-girlfriend has schizophrenia. After she broke up with me she wanted to stay friends and at first I tried to. But then I couldn't handle it anymore, because I was still in love. A few months later I wanted to reconnect, because I knew I was over her. She had always said she didn't want to lose me as a friend. But after two attempts of mine to reconnect (where I also stated that she could tell me if she didn't want contact) she blocked me without telling me why. I am fairly certain that was her paranoia and not her pushing me away.  She was really pessimistic about her condition and sad because she couldn't finish her studies because of it and be independent. I tried to cheer her up and make her believe that things could get better, but that only made her more suspicious of my intentions (she suspected I wanted her to go off her meds for example, which I obviously didn't want her to do). I still worry about her every time I think of her. I was her only friend when she still lived in my city. Now she lives back with her family, who she also has to support financially. I hope they can keep her save.
The guy talking about Etika really hit me hard. I remember when I heard about his death, I was devastated. Thanks for bringing light to topics like this.
Cold you make a video with  ex-presidents?^^
Thank you as always
Saw Cecilia on the YT channel "Special Books By Special Kids" years ago and again very recently. She's come a long way in dealing with her disorder. Proud of her.
I’m glad you are all alive today ❤️
Thank you so much for doing this video. I really wish I hadn't missed the deadline for applications for this video by 5mins XD. But I am glad that you were able to bring just a little bit more understanding of this disorder.
Because of your BPD episode, I was able to recognise what was wrong with me. I got a diagnosis with BPD and now I'm getting the help I need. Thank you.  Also, I love schizophrenichippie thank you for featuring him
I swear the films and stuff made it a horror thing like how they did to sharks.
You do such a good work Anthony! Keep up, i love your videos
I have disorganized schizophrenia
thank you for this video, my brother is schizophrenic and this video helps humanize the people with the condition plus it’s very informative for those who don’t understand schizophrenia. i will be sharing it to everyone 🖤
Since you've been making videos with people with disorders could you possibly do one on bipolar disorder or depersonalization and derealization
Well done for coming on the show and spreading awareness on the subject :D
I would trust Anthony to hold my drink at a party without even thinking about it tho
22:00 it took me until I was 30 to actually openly talk about my hallucinations with a mental health provider, my husband, my family, and my best friend. So obviously it took me til then to start getting diagnosed. Once I did, my mom and others, of course, had memories of incidents of witnessing me hallucinating over my lifetime way back before I can even remember. I guess I wasn’t hiding as well as I thought haha.
Schizophrenia has got to be the most Interesting, and terrifying condition. By interesting I don’t mean it in a negative way but from a scientific/psychological perspective, I want to understand it and I’ll research it etc. I gotta be honest I’m a very open minded thinker so sometimes I think of the conspiracy, what if they just have access to a different level of existence, what if it’s a third eye kind of thing, idk it’s just so intriguing and specific
23:02 hehe love the Eric Andre reference :D
You know what ticks me off so much about movies is they portray DID, Schizophrenia, and other mental illnesses as something violent and messed up and it's so troubling because can you imagine how antagonistic these people would view themselves. ARG Hollywood makes me so mad!
My dad has schizophrenia and he’s literally just a normal dude now that he’s on medication.
i went to a mental hospital for suicide, almost everyone in the unit had schizophrenia, none of them were crazy in any way ( except for one girl but she wasnt crazy, she just had severe paranoia so she would have breakdowns and hurt herself) i think its awful when people believe the stereotype that people with schizophrenia are crazy.
Ahhhhh Kody!!!!! Yay!!!
I've had a hallucination before, of a shadow man in my room. I was at the time, actively dying though these people are very strong for dealing with all these things and I wish them the best
Cecilia has been interviewed at least twice before, if anyone is interested! Just search for SBSK. It's a great YT channel dedicated to interviewing people living with different conditions and the aim is to show that everyone is worthy of love and acceptance. It's seriously one of my favorite channels and if y'all like Anthony's videos you'll probably like SBSK :)
thats scary
When is he going to talk about Mickey
Treated twice, never diagnosed, and all meds ended up being bad. Several years ago, I OD'd on Abilify and Geodone because I just wasn't feeling good, being unable to sleep for 3 days when I started Abilify... ... What I saw with some people's lives with meds (some, not all)... was they seemed to be more dehabilitated on their meds than off. I've been off meds for years, and I was terrified I was going to go back on meds with my hospitalization back in January 2020.  I've seen people conducting themselves well and much better on meds, but I've also seen some people do worse and unable to do better ever again since they started meds.  With the 'Thorazine Shuffle' ...people stuck drooling, overeating, and unable to drive a car... the effing lawsuit against Risperdal, and Seroquel making my uvula flap in my throat swell up, I'm convinced medication should not be 'deified' in the world of medicine in the same vein as flu shots and antibiotics. In fact, psychiatric drugs should probably be a last resort. Drugs seem to make doctors look lazy, and I feel like there needs to be more advanced therapy to help people regain the willpower and awareness necessary to take back control of their lives.  Psychiatric medication is horrendously over-respected and should not be deemed just as safe as the meds which keep our bodies healthy.  Mind health is absolutely not the same as health of the body, and should not be effing lumped together in world of pharmaceutical medicine. F-that.
20 million people suffering from schizophrenia seems like a lot, it's double the population of Belgium
Hey Anthony! I’d love to see one about suicide attempt survivors! I attempted four times, landed me in comas in the ICU every time. But I’m here today and I’d love to talk to you about it!
I would love to see a day spent with maladaptive daydreamers! It's a condition where you daydream excessively and it affects your life. You end up spending hours in your imagination than living reality. Spending 10 hours in your head instead of doing work, leaving the house, talking to friends, etc. Its been recently discovered and talk about. It's not in DSM yet due to little research.
Can you do people with Kidney Deasiese?, also see the truth about schizophrenia not the mainstreem media is telling us
My older brother was diagnosed with Bipolar. My younger brother was diagnosed with schizophrenia. It's heartbreaking trying to be there for them
10:29 fingertits
Does he have a podcast? I would LOVE to listen to it.
SO PROUD OF YOU KODY!
Some years ago I read a book about someone who had overcome schizophrenia. It was a really interesting and amazing story, but also very hard as the author herself is the one who dealt with it. It's called I morgen var jeg alltid en løve, litteral translation, Tomorrow I was always a lion. Her struggle through the years to get through it all and how she describes it is just so thought inducing. There is an english translation for anyone who's interested. A road back from schizophrenia, a memoir, by Arnhild Lauveng. The author tells the story about her own road from schizophrenia, how she struggled with it for ten years, and how she overcame it. She is now off medication, and a psycologist. I really recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more. Keep in mind, as we all should for many illnesses we don't really know about, that this is how -she- experienced it. This illness is not the same for everyone. But it's still such a great look into what it could be, and the struggles that was faced during all this.
I’m so happy to see representation of the struggles I go through thank you Anthony
such beautfil humans. and they exist. it is so wonderful and inspiring.   thank you, Anthony and team, and especially the speakers for sharing their thoughts and truth, and spreading awareness, and just making our society better
I’m really scared cause I haven’t seen any signs yet but most of my family has or had (if they’re dead) schizophrenia and I really don’t want it..
The stigma against a “cry for help” is crazy, if someone has a cry for help then HELP THEM, mental health is more scary for the people with the mental illness, believe me as much as you don’t want to acknowledge it most people have some sort of illness and they want help. This comes from someone who’s parents refuse to acknowledge any mental illness or trauma
been waiting for this one
🙏💙
These videos are SO important for people to be able to understand the differences of others. Especially with the lack of information and empathy that surrounds mental health. Thank you for making these videos!
You should people with antisocial personality disorder. I feel like people villainize them so much. I’d like people to know that a lack of empathy doesnt always mean a lack of sympathy. Also it would be cool to hear from people who actually have it.
Dominicana!!
Anyone miss food battle yet?
Hey Anthony! I’d love to see one about suicide attempt survivors! I attempted four times, landed me in comas in the ICU every time. But I’m here today and I’d love to talk to you about it!
My cousin was diagnosed with schizophrenia about a year ago. We took him to the doctor to get medication but he refused to believe anything was wrong and couldn’t believe he was having hallucinations. It made me sad to see him this way. Our family doesn’t know what to do to help him. He refuses help and refuses to believe his thoughts aren’t actually real. Would anyone know how to go about this or help him understand? Also, the reason we found out what he had was because he threatened a whole apartment complex and eventually escalated badly to him being arrested and secluded. He didn’t know what he was doing. We want to find a way to help so this kind of stuff doesn’t happen again.
schizophrenia runs on both sides of my family and changed my family members SO much. I feel so bad for them.
honestly, Anthony and his crew put so much effort and care into each interview and all of their efforts are so underrated.
Sometimes I have auditory hallucinations just after I've fallen asleep and I wake up scared.
Just what if you're in a forest and a tree just goes: "I'm gonna fall on you and I'm gonna kill you". It's a mixture of terrifying and "wtf".
It's sad how schizophrenic people are so often shown as killers or smth. My great-aunt has schizophrenia and she's one of the sweetest people I've ever met.
Anthony in every intro : are they normal people or ARE THEY DEMONS HERE TO DESTROY OUR PLANET
ppl  also confused the words Psychosis and schizophrenia
I had a accidental drug induced psychosis that made me hear voices and gave me a taste of what these people go through luckily my voices were trying to help me but made me believe all my friends were against me and made me believe he was a alien voice  I can’t imagine what they go through everyday
Man your videos are better and better thanx for the wholesome content!
My sister has struggled with schizophrenia for years now, ever since she was 13 she was diagnosed with it, she’s 33 now. The lady who said she hallucinates spiders is exactly what my sister has said she hallucinates as well,  she would scream and try shaking her hair violently because she thought there were spiders in her hair.  This mental illness is extremely difficult to deal with for everyone around the person who deals with it as well. It’s rough watching all of them hallucinations happen and not being able to fully understand what’s going on and just seeing someone you care about be so clueless and lost in life because of their false perception of things around them.
Wasn't expecting Etika to be brought up in this video, now im sad, it still hurts....
i appreciate that he got rid of the “wonderous” in the title of “the world of...”. it makes it sound more respectful and more aware.
I had three people with schizophrenia in my family, I now I have one. Two died this year, one from a drug overdose and one from suicide. I was so excited to see the community posts about this episode, thank you for making it.
I've seen shadow people and hallucinations on drugs it's fucking crazy. I cant imagine it 24/7
My cousin has schizophrenia and he can’t even talk Like these strong people. I wish my cousin would seek more help he doesn’t try to get better
Y’all got mad at me last time I said this, but maybe, Anthony, you could put pronouns for everyone and not just non-passing and non binary people? Love the series and I’m glad you’re spreading awareness to such misinformed topics.
14:10 ya people who say to just touch them and you’ll know don’t understand. Because some of us who have disorders that cause hallucinations can have tactile hallucinations too, meaning sometimes you could FEEL something that isn’t there as well. So you could see AND feel a really strong hallucination. I have before.  I don’t have schizophrenia but something similar called Major Depressive Disorder with Psychotic Features meaning I basically have the same problems a schizophrenic person has but only when I’m really, really depressed which I get depressed and stay that way more easily than the average person.
I have shizo disorder and mostly hear voices here and there and shadow figure like a night on the corner of my eyes pretty much
I feel bad for them all... Especially the girl... Why can't she see good things? I couldn't imagine seeing and hearing terrifying things all the time... I feel the need to appolygized to them all... Im sorry :(  Edit : I added ' and hearing'. Forgot to put that there the first time.
I was at a clinic and there was this one boy, well.. young man, and he had paranoid schizophrenia and he was the kindest, loveliest person ever. I still remember him on the first day he arrived apologising for every time he spoke and he was really the glue bringing everyone together and was the mediator of our group among with me
You help us lean stuff that schools won’t (I doubt he’s gonna see this though lol)
Oh I love this video
Could you do I spent a day with sociopaths? I think it would be a great episode (if of course you find people who are voluntary to do it)
As someone with schizophrenia I found this very informative and I felt very well represented. You asked great questions Anthony and I'm glad someone like you is interviewing people. Thank you for doing this. As for the people who are being interviewed I wish you all the best.
All of these people are so lovely. I absolutely love Cecilia's voice. It's so calm and gentle. :)
anthony padilla is the same age as my mom...I'm 15....wtf
Anthony, thank you SO much for this video. My boyfriend suffers from paranoid schizophrenia and it's very difficult for the both of us. This video helped me understand even more what he's going through, because when he hallucinates, he can't tell me himself. Keep on making videos like this! Love from Germany <3
This is super super informative and educational 💯💯💯💢🏆🌟🏆🌟🏆🌟✌. Because all I knew where what you see in media which is usually negative and I didn't really understand what having schizophrenia meant.
I used to have really bad hallucinations and I would hear things all the time when I was younger, but it went away and now I only will hear things when I try to sleep, idk if that’s schizophrenia tho?
I think it would be interesting to do a video spending a day with people with eating disorders, especially less common ones like Orthorexia Nervosa or ARFID.
❤️
Oh I recognise Cecilia from SBSK! I would definitely recommend everyone to watch that interview as well (after, of course, you've watched this video in its entirety, that is!)
Thank you so much for this episode. I lost a friend who happened to have schizophrenia and I speak of him often... Attempting to tell people that he was not a bad person can be difficult. Hopefully this, along with your other mental health vids, can help people better understand these beautiful humans.
If you ever want to do a series on people who have anxiety and depression, I would be more than happy to share my story because it’s a lot more complex than people make it out to be 💕my goal is to spread awareness and get the word out so people can have a true understanding of it
I think my mom has schizophrenia. Didn't start till she died and came back a couple years ago. She has a heart condition. (So could just be brain damage, they said she won't ever be the same)  She has 3-4 anime characters, yes anime characters. She sees them and they are with her all the time. They talk to her and she can feel them sometimes. She even has a romantic relationship with one.  My father just ignores it. So she doesn't tell him everything.  Also she went from being adult like to being a teenager. Her personality is like a teenager now. That i do believe is from the brain damage.
Can you please make sure subtitles are activated, I'm nearly completely deaf and not that good at lip reading and your channel seems really interesting and would like to watch it, thanks x
I would love to see someone on with dysthymia (PDD/Chronic depression whatever you want to call it). It's something I've actively struggled with from 13 through 18 and comes back every now and then. Would love to hear how other people deal with it and how they handle the fact it isn't always visible as people with dysthymia are often high-functioning and are not stereotypically depressed.
23:00😭I’m sorry but did this remind anybody of Erick Andre
first episode when all of them didn't pass the 5 seconds "time limit"
I’m so glad he got Kody on here!!
I have delusions and disorganized thought. I want to get a diagnosis but people around me say that I should just ignore it and try to be normal.
Anthony is better than Ellen Degeneres. More attentive and caring, and actually informing people about these important topics!
I have experienced hearing voices when I was under the influence of psilocybin mushrooms, so I kinda know what "hearing voices" is like - the voices were very annoying and accusing and making fun of me, and I could only get rid of them by blasting loud music on my earbuds. It is not like "the inner voice" at all.
Cecelia looks familiar
Can you have taste and smell hallucinations?
Love the respect by using “world of” instead of “wondrous world of” - subtle but important. Good ally
Really would have loved a warning for arachnophobes (those with a phobia of spiders). You're usually better about that. Thanks for the nightmares.
Thank you so much for normalizing mental illness. I suffered two depressions in my life and the guiltiness due to social ignorance is a huge part of the pain you go through. <3 <3 <3 Btw, an episode with depression survivors would be great :)
Can you please interview people who stutter? I myself stutter and would love to see other people being interviewed.
I think Cecilia was on the YouTube channel SBSK! She's so great!
Hey I follow the hippie guy on TikTok the hippie word is in his username I forget but he’s super sweet (kody)
I just love how respectful Anthony is
Holy shit, finally a Dominican  in a big channel
I have Bipolar 1 which overlaps with Schizophrenia symptoms quite a lot, so I sympathize. When I’ve been manic I’ve had hallucinations of all 5 senses, and delusions that have made me completely change my daily routine for a few weeks because I feared for my life before returning to reality and going back to my normal routines. I would smell something that wasn’t real and I couldn’t ever place what it smelled like, and I would rather starve to death than eat anything that wasn’t that mystery food. I would walk to my front door then be suddenly overcome with an absolute sense of certainty that if I walked out that door I would never come back. And sometimes an invisible man beside me would be disappointed that the waiter didn’t bring my sauce when I never ordered any....that one in particular got me lol.
What if they are really hearing or seeing ghosts and think it's a mental disorder. 🤔
I post videos about my experience with psychosis. Check em out if ya liked this vid
Shout out to Anthony for being a champ
My mom has had this at full force since I was 5. Since she is not in a good health insurance there is no one else taking care of her but meds, me and my grandparents. Growing up with her was hard and the only times I could feel at ease was when she stayed at the hospital for extended periods of time like right now. Its not her fault and its not my fault that I was never able to help her no matter how much I tried. She has a very very severe form and I think the specific type is paranoid schizophrenia...   I wish there was someone that could properly care of her 24/7. Someone that is trained for it because I can't do it anymore I dont have my own life like this and my grandparents are getting old.
Don’t know what I expected but a trigger warning was probably necessary on this one
I have schizophrenia, and this video was so touching to me. It always gets me kinda choked up when I hear other people talk about their experiences living with schizophrenia.
I saw Cecilia's TedTalk and man she looks so different now. Watching the it was so sweet that they changed their colors to blue because red and white triggered her schizophrenia
Anthony should do a video on "I spent a day with people who walk to the refrigerator for exercise"....o wait that's just me :) LOL Great videos Anthony, so respectful with the guests love you!!
I've wanted this video for so longgg. I myself have audio/visual hallucinations 27yrs.  Finally diagnosed. But accepting the way I am n not being glorified for how badly I use to handle these things..gang lifestyle, etc loved me being "crazy" "psycho" or my nickname Demon.. I've grown alot n left violence n hatred behind but noone can understand that the lifestyle and my mental issues..has opened up a whole new hell for myself personally -_-"
My husband has schizophrenia and it’s seriously a struggle.
OMGGGGGGG the voices. Why did I have to be wearing headphones watching this vid lmao.
Anthony Padilla: Creator/Youtuber of the year!
I hope he does an episode on people with adhd
Spend a day with chronic pain sufferers!   Conditions such as fibromyalgia, lupus, chronic pain syndrome, complex regional pain syndrome etc.   It isn't talked about enough, and many suffer in silence due to the stigma of chronic pain. We need more awareness on such an evil thing to live with
I wonder if he'll ever do an episode for people with trypophobia, but not show pictures of it obviously. As someone who's dealt with it for awhile and it has been more intensely recently, i'd love to see an episode about it!
He should do a video on people who have a scat fetish. I always wondered why people have that fetish.
I want to see ppl with paranoia and paranoid personality interviewed
Great Job Cecilia! You have taught me and countless others so much.
“I’m gonna fall on you” damn
Can you do people with Narcolepsy? Id love to be considered ❤
I can already see trishas next video now
RIP Etika.
hearing Etika’s name broke my heart. i miss him.
Anthony was so genuine and wasn't judgemental which is so refreshing to see. I hope this opens people's minds a bit more about this.  My dad has paranoid schizophrenia. He hears a woman and man (the man wants to hurt him and the woman wants to protect him), he also sometimes sees hallucinations like the pillow moving or the walls moving so he goes to bed early to reduce the stress and also doesn't trust police and thinks they're out to get him so we always have to reassure him. I feel bad for him because his illness has become so severe these past few years and it's really taken its toll on his memory  and psychical health but I know he means no harm. It's just a shame people assume people with this disorder are all harmful when they're the opposite
I feel so much more educated on this now. I used to think it was a scary thing and that people with this disease were very dangerous. I understand from these people now that that is not the case :)
When Jorge expressed his feelings on Etika, it really got me. I’m so glad he touched on it and brought him into the conversation.
IM SO HAPPY YOU DID THIS YOU DONT UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH JOY IT GAVE ME TO SEE YOU ACTUALLY DOING THIS!!!! I BEEN WAITING FOR THIS IM SO SIFNSJDGNSDGNSDKGKAJDGJN!!!
I have psychotic symptoms and that includes hallucinations. I've only had visual hallucinations and those were bugs, shadows and the worst, mummified legs behind my own. It's sad that when people find out someone hallucinates, they tend to think that that person with hallucinations is dangerous... I just wanna say "Do y'all know how freaking scary it is too see or hear or feel something that is not there?"
I love how Jorge shouted out the Trevor project🥺
All of you are so valid, both the people in the videos and those in the comments relating to their stories. I am wishing you all of the support, love, and happiness in the world.
I know someone with schizophrenia and he is in a mental hospital right now. He has voices in his head that tell him to commit suicide and he ran away recently, trying to attempt it. Pray for him please.
I love Kody! Been following him on Tik Tok for a while. Glad you had him on!!
Almost 5 mil!!!
aint no way im gonna throw down with a demon, no way
Please provide English Closed Captions! Deaf fans want to watch too!
Best birthday present ever Anthony! ♏🎂
Yay!!! I love Kody! He’s amazing 🙌🏼
Wow so proud of cecilia, she was on an episode of sbsk 2 or 3 years ago talking about her schizophrenia and it's amazing to see how far she's come she's like a whole different person (physically and mentally) it's crazy to see what a confident and proud woman she's become and how much better she is 👌❤️
My brother has schizophrenia. Honestly, I respect and applaud these people who are able to battle this disease successfully, but I must say in my experience with my brother it is extremely toxic. He falls right into the category of extreme violence, and since getting schizophrenia, he has lost his ability to speak, he only mumbles words, and communication of any form is very hard for him. He's been in and out of the hospitals for over 20 years due to his violent mental breakdowns. Because of this, I've spent every day of my life growing up scared that one day I would start presenting symptoms like him, especially since the disease didn't start until his late 20s. And yeah, not sure where I'm going with this, but I'm glad to see that some people are able to function rather normally with schizophrenia.
We can learn a lot from Anthony.. I sure know as a younger person hes showed me to care an feel for others. Hes such a kind soul.
another amazing video about neurodivergent people! I really love how you bring light to these 'scary' disorders please keep it up and continue to inform the community about these different disorders
I just realized I came to you from odd1sout 😶
Anthony, I hope you’re taking care of yourself after speaking to so many people that are facing challenges in their lives. You seem to me to be very empathetic, but this could also put you at risk. I hope you’re tending to your anxiety levels and your own mental health after speaking to people!
YASS! finally. I was waiting for you to make this video Anthony. Thank you 😊
Seriously these guys are really strong❤️!  People, if you can't support them, than u don't judge them, just mind ur own business and let everyone live their lives peacefully
I guess I do have a Schizophrenia
As soon as I saw kody I clicked. He’s tiktok is so amazing and I love the awareness he brings ! All great people !! Love this video Anthony
Anyone else feels like Cecilia would be great for ASMR? Her voice is so calming and and relaxing to hear!❤ She made me feel so safe!
I’d love to see an episode about social anxiety disorder. It effects me heavily everyday. I’m not sure if there would really be anyone who would be comfortable enough to do an episode like that but from personal experience this disorder isn’t taken seriously and I’d love to learn about other people’s experiences with it
Dude, Kody is great on tiktok. I've learned a lot just watching him. Plus he has an awesome sense of humor about it.
I don't have schizophrenia but I do have bipolar 1 with auditory hallucinations and it is very difficult.  I hope people watching this will not feel so alone.
Anthony treats everyone equally and tries his best to understand them. Well except flat Earthers.
Can you talk to people with pica I have it and I feel like it’s often made fun off and seen as just a crazy strange addiction that freaks get
I feel like a cool video idea could be you hanging out with people that have ARFID (Avoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder) because most people don’t know about it and I think it would be awesome to make more people aware about stuff like that. I just want it to be more accepted because all my life I’ve had it and I’ve always been left out of stuff or told to “eat a sandwich”.
I love these videos this make me happy your talking about them
No best interviewer shirt?
Very interesting. I did a research paper on the myths of schizophrenia for my psychology class.
Gosh they are all so brave to talk about this.
My brother has psychotic episodes and I am really thankful for this information so I can support him better. :) Keep up the good work
Thank you for making this, it made me lose many misconceptions (especially thanks to the dude with long hair, he explained everything very well and in simple terms). I learned a lot and while i was kind of scared of schizophrenics before, i now realise they are just people with a mental illness. My heart goes out to them, it must be so scary living like that 🤍
Wow
Wow that guy who uses his phone to see if hallucinations are there had such a great idea!
I love kody so much it must have been so hard to go from not being psychotic to suddenly having reality ripped away, I can tell how hard he must have worked to get where he is today and I’m so proud I wish him the absolute best ❤️
At would be so scary cuz what if you have a stalker would they know if they were real or not
My mother has schizophrenia, she's dealt will all sorts of people mistreating her like her doctors, unfortunately since she's gotten older she sometimes mixes up delusions and reality to where she's scared of everyone around her and convinced they want to hurt her. Her medication helps a lot but she's always told me not to tell people we know about it because it could scare them off  from her or make them feel negatively about her. The reality is these delusions cause more harm to her then anyone else
Ci Cecilia! Recognise you from SBSK and if anybody reads this check out that channel.
Wow. It is mind-boggling to learn about the other side and how people are experiencing Mental Health issues. Thank you for sharing your stories, and thank you for interviewing these individuals. Knowledge is power, and I'm glad I am more informed.
Bruh I had Simon and Garfunkel stuck in my head for the entire video 😂😂
this is just wholesome and informtive. I hope this series can keep helping people to understand more and to be more emphatic (srry for the bad english).
I’m really curious how they work out cognitively, and come to terms, with their reality not being real (like not knowing hallucinations are real or not). I want to kinda know how a therapist convinced them they had the disorder when they perceive it as real
As an author, and a human, these videos are gold. I know the life of the people sharing these difficult things is tough, but seeing these other perspectives, and hearing them talk about their feelings and how people interact with them, it helps forming a better, more inclusive worldview, that's helpful to think, and imagine.
this is such a wonderful series. so many fascinating people in this world. anthony you are doing a wonderful job. thank you!
So grateful for the voice you give to people with different life experiences than what is considered the "norm". I've learned a lot from your videos and I'm always excited to see what you do next. Thank you for helping us all connect to eachother and find kindness and empathy 💗
I gotta say my dad has schizophrenia and it’s so horrible. I’m glad these people can at least live normally. He wasnt always like this, I used to have a normal dad. At this point he is homeless bc no one can help him as an adult. We have tried everything to get him help but no one cares. It’s one big cycle on the system failing us. My heart hurts for him everyday.
I would love to see an episode on fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue syndrome. I just recently in the last couple years or so got my fibro diagnosis, and it makes such a huge difference knowing that there's a medical cause for why I can't do all the things I'm socially expected to, and having an explanation for all my symptoms. Also because I know from experience that lots of people with fibro don't realise that their experiences are different from normal people. I always thought that I was just lazy or weak because when you're young you don't realise that not everybody lives the same world you do, so I assumed I was just whining about the same kind of pain everyone just dealt with. Nobody talked about it, so I must have been making a big deal out of normal shit - but actually, nobody talked about it because it's not typical, and it's really important to have the information out there that actually, these things are symptoms and not just normal everyday stuff for everyone.
Wow I knew nothing about schizophrenia. I saw a Greys Anatomy episode of a guy with it and it was not like this
Jorge is Dominican!!!!
I only started watching Anthony’s interviews a week ago and I’m already running out of episodes to watch! I love how respectful he is and how his episodes add a perspectives that I may not have learned about if I hadn’t seen his videos
My brother with schizophrenia is currently getting help and this will help me get an idea of what hes going through
Im so thankful you made this video. My god mother was just recently diagnosed and this helps me alot. I just wanna be able to make her happy and help her the best i can. The insight from this video really helped me. Thank so much to the people that made this video happen.
That must be so scary, i can’t imagine what these people go through every day 🤍
Hearing AND FEELING?!!! Nah. I didn't know the mind was that triflin
There possessed
Spend a day with: -Teen Mom’s -Attempt Survivors
No Anthony did NOT say, "fingertits".
I feel so bad for these poor people. Imagine having your life taken away in one moment and you didn’t know what was real or not. They are misunderstood and we stand you ❤️❤️
every time Anthony says anything along the lines of "Its okay you are valid you are deserving" my heart melts!! His energy is so unique and precious.
My great grandmother was schizophrenic. She thought her neighbor put snake eggs in her stomach. She would talk to blank TVs. She also swore up and down til the day she died that she had a third daughter that my grandma(oldest child) kept away from her and she hated her for it. She was never medicated or treated in anyway for it. I’m super glad for the awareness this video is going to bring
Yes!! I am so excited to see my favorite advocates from Students with Psychosis!! Well deserved.
They're all so sweet 😭.. thank you for this video. Schizophrenia runs in my family, I'm 23 and I'm still concerned it will develop in me later on. I've been so scared until this past year when I started to really look into how people cope with it... these videos on a platform as large as yours really spread the message that people who struggle from not only the disorder or issue you discuss, but also whatever else is out there, are normal ass people that just want to survive and have a normal life... I hope the world will learn to treat those who are considered different with the same respect you do ❤
Can you spend a day with trump supporters? I feel like I don't understand those people whatsoever
As someone with schizophrenia, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS VIDEO, ANTHONY 💜💜💜💜💜
I sincerely hope I don't offend anyone by asking this, but as someone who believes in the paranormal, how can one differentiate a schizophrenic episode to an actual paranormal experience?
i hate how everyone preaches mental health, but when its not just depression or anxiety, you get branded crazy, psycho, etc
10:28 first time I heard a word Fingertits
Oooh that Kody guy is on tiktok right? Think he has some videos that are hilarious.. Surely that's him?! Where he is in his room talking to people that aren't there.. The comedy aspect of his videos are pure gold
I grew up with my mom in and out of my life, because of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. As a kid, I would often get really confused and scared even when she was having an episode because I simply could not understand why she was doing the things she was doing. I am glad I understand more now as an adult, and this video definitely helps me understand it on a more personal level!
How bout one on dyslexia and how school systems are messed up? i’d love to see that. I love these vids- i feel like they make me a lot more open minded and understanding :))
I love that when Anthony doesn’t have a sponsor he just uses that time slot to tell us how much he appreciates us instead :’-)
My cousin before was fine but changed when he grew up bc he started to smoke which caused him to get schizophrenia and started to hear people and can’t go in public bc he will want to fight them and would flip them off. No one in our family could do anything beside medication which works but not for long. He couldn’t take it anymore so he took his life 😔😢😖, it was hard bc he lived far away from all his family. That time was during the summer and my other cousin and my family were on a road trip and we had to end it early. That month was very tough for my family and it is still tough but getting better. 😕😣
His poor ceiling
I guess i have a question. I have a family member who sometimes becomes manic and when she is getting suicidal in that state does it help to keep it normal?  Often we end up taking this person to the ER where she becomes admitted, but is there more we could do?  Honestly there is very little mental health resources where I live, and this person has a DX that keeps changing because no one is sure, so we arnt able to get much help.
You are doing so much great on this platform you really need to be recognized more. You are a hero, really.
Haven't watched yet but ngl I do kinda wish there was someone who didn't take their meds or were just having an episode so we could see and so he could.. Idk.. You never know what things are actually like until you witness them is all.
Ok I need to know if I am the only one that heard this. Did Anthony say "finger tits" at 10:28 or did I mishear that.
If it's possible at all, l'd like to see you do Narcissistic personality disorder (NPD.) I notice that people demonize those that have this disorder too. l'd like to see somebody talk about this without passing judgment.
As someone with recently diagnosed schizophrenia (1- nearly 2 years), this was really nice to watch. It made me feel really calm, I have a lot of intense worries and my voices tell me a lot of harmful things and memories that overlap and are forgotten, I feel people touch me and people talking outside + loud noises that make me panic to an extreme point - it's scary and frightening and auditory is really hard on me. But, it was nice watching other people with the same feelings and things as me because not many people I've met have it and I feel really lonely and crazy sometimes. Thank you for this, it has made me really happy.
Outing myself here but this needs to be said: When people with schizophrenia such as myself tell other people about their condition- please guys. Please stop looking at us as if we are broken. We are not the monsters the media makes us out to be and we are not helpless people. Please try to be as understanding as you possibly can. It helps us out so much more than you know.
Can you do a video for non-binary/genderqueer and can I be apart of the video?
Super excited to see kody on here!
Spend a day with DEVIL WORSHIPPERS
That one dude bringing up Etika made me almost cry
Im diagnosed with Catatonic and Paranoid schizophrenia. My worst incident is I shaved part of head and cut into my scalp looking for a microchip because I was convinced I was chipped by the government. It's some scary shit.
I am so glad to see you this topic being covered and a conversation being had about schizophrenia on such a large platform and it is my hope that this conversation  will continue because this has been a disease diagnosis that has been so broadly misunderstood and stigmatized (largely from the entertainment industry and how it has painted this diagnosis) that I really hope change in our community and Society takes place. Change is long overdue in how we treat people with psychiatric diagnosis especially that of schizophrenia or psychosis.  I personally had and have people in my life with this diagnosis and I had said and done some very cruel unkind and ignorant actions that were so hurtful in the past that I wish so badly I could take back due to my lack of understanding and ignorance . It wasn't until I went through an episode of temporary psychosis due to rapid changes to seizure medications I was prescribed  that I then really understood how debilitating and helpless and individual can be when experiencing hallucinations,  paranoia and delusions. I for about a three-week period  of time during that medication shift experienced auditory hallucinations, debilitating paranoia and delusions and had no ability to differentiate reality from fiction. It truly was one of the most frightening difficult experiences  in my life and I cannot imagine having to live that everyday. After going through that experience and then reflecting on my previous actions to those in my life with this diagnosis felt horrifically ashamed and realized how ignorant I had been.  Ever since then I  have felt so strongly that as a society we really need to embrace psychiatric diagnosis with compassion, love and  understanding and need much more education to break down the stigmas surrounding it.  Aside from having such helpful videos like this one and conversations that raise awareness we as a society need to send a message to Hollywood and the entertainment industry that we will not support movies, TV shows or any forms of entertainment that spread misinformation around schizophrenia that paint this diagnosis and others like it as people who are violent or cause harm because it creates a culture of fear and that culture needs to end because it is so inaccuratee.   Thank you to each and every individual that spoke openly about having this diagnosis to help spread awareness as I can only imagine how frightening it can be to discuss something that makes someone so vulnerable. Mental Health is just as real and valid as physical health and for whatever reason it seems to be socially acceptable to treat them differently then someone who strictly has a medical condition when truly there is no difference in biological origin of either. Whether you're symptoms be something as pain from a broken limb or hallucinations from a mental illness both are real neither are the individuals fault and both come from a true biological and physiological origin so why they get treated differently doesn't make sense.  Thank you again to all involved in bringing up this discussion and much love to anyone dealing with mental health issues or psychiatric diagnosis. Please know that you are not alone, it is not your fault and you are not the problem. The problem is misinformation and a society that needs to grow in its education and compassion.
My mother has schizophrenia and she is the sweetest women alive. She would walk an hour and a half if i was sick just to get me some ginger tea. I wish her mother would have accepted her because her mother was loving towards her then she got diagnosed and she basically disowned her emotionally. Right now my mother is living in BC, Canada and im two provinces away, it is a struggle to try to get her proper care during Covid, she wasnt able to get her medication and she had an episode which the cops came and she felt threatened and smashed a glass over a cops head. Shes now in court, but I want to see specifically trained nurses that will take in my mother not the same people that take in criminals and have guns which luckily in her case they did not use.
Some members of my family have or had schizophrenia and I’m scared shitless, vécusse I’m always paranoid and I often hear my name when no ones around, I’ve never seen anything (or no more then a person without) but I have the paranoia and belief in something that isn’t real or doesn’t make sense. I’m scared because I’m either a very light schizophrenic or just a moron
Hallucinations?  Delusions?  Who has time for that?!  We must hurry back to the motherland!
Not ya’ll self-diagnosing
Once I thought my mouth wash was  bleach so I quickly spit it out and washed my mouth with water. I also once thought my tea was poisoned so I didn’t drink it. I eventually got myself to drink it and finish it, but it sucked.
You guys are so much stronger than you think!
My aunt killed herself from schizophrenia she drove into a tree :/
Someone should edit all the times Anthony goes "mmmm" in his videos together into a video. It would be an hour long video 😂😂
I've hallucinated before and I'm scared that it will progress, but I would also think that I was communicating with spirits. I wouldn't know if it was the real world, the spirit world, or hallucinations.
Anthony Padilla if you're ever reading this, thankyou so much for being such a wholesome person. You have a such beautiful gift of empathy ❤️
It’s crazy that the way Kody uses his camera to find the truth in his hallucinations is exactly like the Lens of Truth from the Zelda series. Maybe stuff like this could have inspired that?
Do bipolar next !!!
WOW! I almost didn't recognize Cecilia from her TEDTalk.
I love these interviews. I almost want longer episodes.
Cecilia is such a great advocate and an amazing human! I discovered her through her sbsk interviews and I'm so glad she can continue to inspire people and spread awareness. 💛
My mother had schizophrenia, my she rest easy, I'm thankful she's not trapped in her mind anymore ❤ miss you mom  Thank you for everyone that shared and helped shed light on this disorder.
this video is so beautiful. i’m so glad we are talking about mental health in this way that validates peoples feelings.
It's astonishing how you give your guests the feeling of being save with their stories.   Probably the most informative and entertaining content on Youtube, keep up the amazing work!
I dont have schizophrenia, and I dont think I have, but i hear voices in my head talking to me, and I see 2 entity's, one is a character from the game Undertale, she/he was aggressive to me, saying that she wanted to posses my body, but I created a connection with her and now it's just like a imaginary friend, and the second one is a Demon with 2 heads lol, one of the heads is a scary demon, because he was trying to kill me, the second one is a chill, cool demon, comforting me. It's rare to have them to say awful things to me... it's like an imaginary friend. But I have one voice that makes me feel paranoid, he says that I'm being observed and that everyone close to me is trying to take informations from me lol, but I know that it's just not true. And some other shit.
Can you do a video about people who have relatives in prison long term? A lot of people have siblings and family members in prison and they are missing out on our lives and the lives of our children and parents. I just think it would be a good topic to dive into, because even though we know our family member was terribly wrong in what they did, it still hurts and sometimes we are still mad at them.
Is this a re-upload?
my biological father had untreated schizophrenia. more like he chose to not take his meds and so he became a dangerous asshole to me and my mom and would hit her. but honestly i really think he was just an asshole no matter what
does anthony have scar on his chin?
Very interesting topic, thanks for educating us in a chill and fun way 👍🏻
I had to turn my phone for a portion of this. I'm terrified of clowns 😭  But this is a very good educational video..  Also video idea: dermatillomania (skin picking)
He is my favorite interviewer!
Immagine going to bed and you see a clown watching you in your room
I've learned so much from his videos. I really really appreciate his content. 👏🏽
My bio mom has Schizophrenia and that came with many challenges. When I was five she hid me in a basement for two weeks. The lack of understanding in the world is agonizing. She had no intention of hurting me (and didn't). But she was penalized instead of helped and treated. Videos like these will help people in the future get the help and recognition they need instead of condemnation. Thank you Anthony.
Why do people go out of their way to dislike?
omg im so glad u invited kody ive been following him for a while and he is the reason i learned most of the information about schizophrenia
would you consider making a video with age regressors?
I just saw this!  it makes me SOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY to see Kody here🥰🥰🥰  I tagged him SOooooo many times when you asked for people for this particular episod🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
I really appreciate what your doing here. my grandfather, who has now passed, was schizophrenic, growing up i was very scared. Since he has passed and as ive grown ive tried to learn more about it and get a better understanding of who he was. thank you.
Anthony, you are actually changing the world for the better with this series. thank you.
I actually got psychosis ( I haven’t had it for long thought a little over a year if you want to know) and this is the first time I actually see someone who got something like me,  So it’s nice to see that I’m not alone seeing things that aren’t there
I LOVE that you are starting more conversations about mental health. I've never known a lot about Schizophrenia, and it was really interesting to learn a little bit about these people's lives. This kind of video is more of what we need NOT the horror movies making people with various mental health problems someone to be feared.
im so glad that dude talked about etika, it really was a problem no one talked about from the mental health point of view. the toxic community he was involved in didn't allow him to discover himself and work on it. as he said, it was taken as a joke and people should be taught about it more.
It is my bday
OMG I WAS WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO IM SO EXCITED 😭😭
Plot twist, there was never a 2nd man in this video 😳
For anyone dealing with this awful disease, I want to share a happy story with you all.. I had schizophrenia for 17 years. I had my first symptoms when I was 11 years old. I started hearing voices. I was struggling with alot of things, and soon after that I started seeing things. I was depressed, bullied, got an eating disorder. I started feeling things. Someone touching me.. I remember how I would be sitting infront of my computer and I would feel someone grabbing my arm. I would turn around and usually I would see this family - Mum, dad and a kid. All dead.. It was so scary!! In my teenage years I got in and out of the psychiatric ward. I saw all kind of things, shadows following me, birds, people that weren’t there. I started smelling this very specific scent. I could also taste it. I had voices in my head constantly. I thought people could hear what I was thinking. I was sure that there was camera’s in my entire home, spying on me. When I was outside I was sure someone was following me. I struggled with really bad anxiety, self harm, depression, anorexia, ocd behavior. I tried to take my own life. It was bad.  When I was 17 I had to live at this place for mentally ill people. I stayed there for 8 months and left even more sick. Straight back to the psychiatric ward. 4 months later I was moved to a new place. My parents were told that I was extremely sick, and so sick I would have to live at a place like that for my entire life. I wouldn’t ever be able to live a normal life.  At 20 I moved into my first apartment. I was still very sick, but I was a little better. I started having talks with a woman at the psychiatry and started new medication. This worked very well! All my psychotic things stopped! And I started working super hard with all my issues (also the things next to my schizophrenia of course)   I am 28 today. About 4 months ago I was told that I no longer have schizophrenia. I NEVER thought this would happen!! I believe they say there’s a 25% chance for recovery. And I am one of them..   For about 6 years I was on a very very low dose of my medication. A little over a year ago I completely stopped taking it - I haven’t had any symptoms.   This is a disease that kills people. This is a disease that is SO missunderstood. You hear about it in movies and series - Killers, psychos.. We are not. But we are being tormented by our own head, and it is awful. It is so so hard.   I wish for everyone with this illness all the best. I know it might look hopeless, like it won’t ever get better. Trust me, I have been there. Now I am here and so happy that my suicide attempt failed. It will get better ❤️ You’ve got this. Find the right medication, find someone professional to talk to. Get help, work with yourself as hard as you can. You can do this!!
I find it funny how people in movies with schizophrenia or DID are often portrayed as crazy or killers but in real life none of them are like that
I am from the Netherlands and i have what called in Dutch, CVS. I dont know if it is the right term in english. But i think it is chronic fatigue syndrome. I would realy like to see other people with this and how they cope (not that i think its nice to see someone with this ofcourse but to compare). I am going to treatment for it in hopely a couple of months. I hope you can make this happen. Sorry for my crappy english.. tried my best 😅  Ur doing great! Kisses💛
Not schizophrenic but I could attest to the experience with hallucination. It was interesting to think about how the brain could make you feel like you sense something which is not there, and you try to comprehend what just "happened". One time, I was studying stressfully for the finals the next day. I've been through kinds of overnight studying, didn't sleep for 2 days once. That time I just realized that I was pushing my body and brain too far cause I just started hearing kids laughing in the middle of the night in my room, which freaked me out.Can't imagine how these peps deal with this considering they experience it most of the time in their lives.
Unfortunately, a friend of mine lost her brother in law to suicide because he had schizophrenia
Maybe one with Skin diseases?
ANTHONY TAKE A BREAK IF U NEED IT!
A day with gender fluid plz
DID and Schizophrenia down. Time for depersonalization/derealization!!
Day 1 million of asking for I spend a be day with pro wrestlers
The way that guy explains the other people in his head the switch out sounds like DID?
my dad has paranoid schizophrenia. it's sad and wild how it effects him and our family as well.
great work to everyone on this piece, I hope you understand how much of an impact you are making to people
I love how if someone doesn’t what to do something Anthony will not make them.
My mom hallucinates spiders at night. She's never had any diagnosis other than anxiety and depression but she did have a mild experience of psychosis in her early 20s due to extreme stress. It doesn't impact her life in any other way, she knows the spiders aren't there and it's only at night, so she goes back to sleep okay. I wonder if the psychosis in her early 20s (wherein she thought something was living under her skin and tried to dig it out of her thigh) and the spiders are linked. She's never been hospitalised or anything.
Thank you Anthony ❤️
Can you please PLEASE do autoimmune disorders!! That would be amazing!
Yes!!!! Kody!!!!
Wonderful work again on giving a voice to a community that is incredibly misunderstood.  It's so important to see the person first and the disorder as something they deal with or are affected by. Its not their job to explain their condition or justify it, but we can all be more considerate and understanding to those going through. Also, I'm not sure if this is usually the case with more serious episodes, but I appreciate dropping the "best interviewer shirt" bit. It definitely feels out of place after awhile.
I learned a lot with this video, thank you so much to the participants and everyone that helped make this.
I want Anthony to be my therapist.
You should have a doctor on these type of episodes as well as people with the affliction.
i am a caregiver / nurse for mentally ill amd mentally disabled in a group home, i actually have two residents who struggle with schizophrenia and schizoaffective, i sometimes struggle with understanding them and coming up with ways to help them - though they are medicated, medication doesn’t fix the problem. thank you for this video anthony
I have schizoaffective disorder and I think this video shed light on a very misunderstood subject. We're not a violent bunch. We're not just "crazy". We are human and life can be very difficult for us. Thank you so much for giving these individuals a voice and the chance for us to be shown as real human people. You're a great man Anthony Padilla. Keep up the amazing work.
Please do I spent a day with genderfluid people! This video was so educational, thank you.
I'm a child and youth care student and we learn about different disorders and I think its really intresting to learn about  schizophrenia from people who have it instead of just a textbook
I’m so grateful for this interview as I have a friend with schizophrenia and it helps me understand him better
My best friend is schizophrenic and is right now going through the process of first having to get her medication, and then go into a two year period where she will constantly be changing it until they get the right combination. Up until now, she has been able to live with for years, without it bothering her, but we think that with the combination of school beginning to be difficult, Covid taking over the world and just general stress, she now has to go on medication.  What I really want to say, after saying all of this, is thank you, for covering this topic. I always try and learn as much as I can about this condition, just so I can make things easier for her, because sometimes she can't even put to words what it is like to be schizophrenic, and having content like this, where multiple people describe it, makes it easier to get a bigger picture of it.  So, once again, thank you! <3
My sister in law has schizophrenia. This actually helped me understand a few quirks she has, like I don't know, things she does, not that they're so different and weird. But I see why certain things help her, why she doesn't do certain things. I'm glad I watched this :)
They are all so sweet , bad things only happen when the family and medical system fails them , just like with everyone , and for everyone has the capacity to be a good person .
I remember Cecilia from SBSK great to see her again and doing good ❤️
he’s to nice to be with mykie
Learnt so much. Thank you all!
please do a video where you spend time with people who have bipolar disorder. there isn't enough representation around it and it's very demonised in society. i held those same harmful stereotypes and beliefs until i found i am bipolar. it isn't well represented in media aswell.
I was given away for adoption because my bio mom was schizophrenic, no hard feelings for my bio mom. But one of my deepest fears is that I might one day discover that I am too.
God bless these individuals and keep them safe during this trying times where therapy is harder to receive, I’m sure it’s been so hard for them.
That must be horrible especially if it seems so realistic, imagine how many people who suffer with schizophrenia must be stressed on a daily basis wether what their seeing or hearing is real or not
I've been following cody since he had less than a thousand followers and it makes me so happy to see him getting recognition ☺️
I suffer from schizophrenia and I will follow the warning in the beginning of the video, so I wont watch the video,  might make me feel bad. Btw also who feels like I feel it's like I'm a moving body, my face doesn't look familiar and same happen when I look at my family and people.
Tbh I actually saw the third guys stuff on tt and I absolutely love his stuff.
HeY!! I have schizophrenia!!! AND THIS IS RIGHT BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY!! THANK YOU!!!
Interview an AI robot!
I’d love to see a video on “I spend a day with people diagnosed with Schizoid personality disorder”! (Different than schizophrenia)
Can you please do an "I spent a day with people w/ Bipolar Disorder" and cover the different forms of Bipolar (ie, Bipolar I, Bipolar II). You see successful people in social media and entertainment that have the disorder but not necessarily people with less flexible careers like those in corporate America.
I really appreciate how Anthony stopped using “The wonderful world of . . . “
I follow kody on tiktok, he’s super awesome
I don’t have schizophrenia but I can relate with them. When I’m in public and overwhelmed with anxiety, sometimes it sounds like everyone is talking about me. At first I used to think it was real. That’s how realistic these hallucinations would be. Now that I’m older I know what’s real and what’s not.
OMG I knew I recognized Cecilia from somewhere, i watched your video with SBSK aka Mr. Chris when it was first posted, since comments are disabled on his channel I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your experiences it really helped me when I was first diagnosed with mental illnesses to see your video and know I wasn’t alone out there, I’m glad to see you in another video on another channel that’s so positive!
Okay. But like...  I've always been questioning my existence, wondering if I'm even real, or am I dreaming this whole day. And at night when I lay down (it happens somewhat throughout the day, but mostly at night), I hear voices talking or yelling at me.  Am I just now learning what I may have??  I even took phycology in HS, so I've learned about schizophrenia. But not to this level. And I'm like..., Wait. Hold up.
ADHD next
Is it just me or does jorge sons like sive
I am completely aware that this video has no relation to these incidents but the fact that Austin Mcbroom 1. Has rape allegations against him 2. Gave Catherine's sis an adult lollipop  3.  AND SLAPS HIS TODDLERS A$$ WHILE EXCLAIMING "OH GOD YEAH!" CALL THE WHOLE FBI-
I love this series, always empathetic and informative. I am glad a lot of "taboo" topics are being debunked through these interviews, thank you Anthony for such a great work!!!
I'd be interested to know about the medication and therapy in more detail.
As a young freelance journalist you are SUCH a great example. I learn from you everyday. Nowadays there is such bad imagery surrounding journalism, especially when journalists can be so disrespectful. I’m glad the internet has you!!
Anthony Is so comforting
Dude I love Kody. He's awesome! Two of my favorite creators are in one place now! Awesome!
Hey! 😁 Could you maybe also talk with People that has either Genuphobia (the fear of knees) or Harphephobia (the fear of being touched)?
dilutions. in other terms, the media.
Thank you for this, Anthony. And thank you to the guests. They are very Brave. Even though we got a long way on many aspects, it's still very much taboo to talk about. Suffering for years myself on the spectrum, and currently kicking the anti-psychotic medicine after 6+ on abilify. I Work together with a skilled doctor in the process, and it's kind of amazing to do in many ways. The most noticible change, is that i FEEL things again. Emotionally. Looking back on the years on meds, i realize how much i missed feeling things. It's overwhelming at times, but damn IT Geels good too.  Just wanna say, even though things look hopeless and dark, you CAN return. You probably wont be the next Superman, but you are a special kind of human anyway. You are important to other people, no matter what you may think. I really, really was convinced i was a lost cause, but the road back is there, if you happen to find it :) IT takes time, though. One thing i learned, that really stuck with me, is that it takes time, patience and a Lot of Hope. Hard work, too. But you CAN. And you WILL!  Sorry if gramma is a bit broken, english is not my first language :)
Obviously not the same thing, but when my husband was a child, he had medications that made him hallucinate spiders.
A video about people with asthma would be awesome. Asthma has really affected my life and when I was younger I was scared to use my inhaler until I started knowing about other people with it. People would still my inhaler and vape. I just think younger kids should know that there are a lot of people like them
Fake and gay.
I’d never thought of the phone trick 😮
you should spend a day with maladaptive daydreamers!!
Thank you for allowing me to be apart of this project. I am honored to have been able to share my experience of schizophrenia!
i feel like at some point, anthony should do episodes with deaf people, just because i'm a sucker for more deaf rep,
I always tell people to treat everyone friendly, because they didn’t choose to live with something they don’t want.
Cecilia is from SBSK......I knew I saw her somewhere.....awww feels like she had a makeover..long hair.. colourful eyeshadow... She looks gorgeous... that too looking straight at camera ... Woah she is awesome
Auditorial schizophrenia messes with me on a daily basis on top of the minor Visual hallucinations and  Paranoia is frustrating , if you think you're paranoid, imagine not going outside for a month or more with black construction paper taped to your windows, vents and any source of camera
My boy there brave af expressing how much Etika affected him took me by surprise damn:'(
I have very mild hallucinations but they are very real to the point I can’t differentiate them, like I hallucinate my dog sometimes, or people walking around my house. I also have paranoia I feel like things are watching me so I can’t have doors open in my house even if it’s a closet, I have a mirror in my room but I can barely stand it. When I was little my hallucinations were worse I used to see shadow people and tiny fairy people as well as hear circus music a lot. I’m glad i have gotten better. I haven’t been diagnosed yet as a mild schizoaffective (it’s like you mix schizophrenia and bipolar), I hope one day I do.
I have a cousin with Schizophrenia and I feel so bad for her because that side of the family is super Catholic and think she's either faking it or possessed. They actually tried excorcising her
This is the amount of times Anthony said delusions and you thought of Rob Pat and the Devil All the Time
Great episode! I'm thankful to all of you. Hugs from Brazil :).
I learned so much from this,  thanks for sharing these people's stories and their knowledge with us
My great grandma had schizophrenia. My grandma told me one night my great grandma had really bad hallucination. That she ended up burning all the photos of her children that she had. That’s why my grandma doesn’t have any childhood photos of her. My great grandmother never told anyone what her hallucination was and took that to the grave
I have been experiencing a lot of hallucinations for a while now, and I have been worried that I may have some sort of psychosis. Watching this made me feel even more worried because I could relate so much to what they all said. Could someone please tell me how people get a diagnosis for psychosis or schizophrenia?
These are the real AP classes!
Didn't Cecilia also do two interviews with Special Books by Special Kids and some Ted Talks?
hello! to anyone who has scizophrenia out there i need your help, for the past few weeks i have been putting off telling my therapist that i sometimes "see things" for instance like at 9:51 i sometimes also hallucinate spiders and bugs ili see them hanging from webs, crawling on the wall, crawling on my bed ect. i also have bad vision so idk if im hallucinating or just my eyes bugging me? edit: also this morning i kept hearing like footsteps/shuffling that wasent there but idk
Thank you for sharing your story I appreciate it : )
i would love to see a day with people with ehlers danlos syndrome ! it's not a really "famous" condition ans it's often misunderstood since it's a invisible but very painful disability !
I'm learning about schizophrenia right now in my Abnormal Psych class. This video is really important to end the stigma about the disorder
I often feel like Schizophrenia is a manifestation of a trauma or other severe mental disorder like depression. For example the woman having all those horror creatures showing up could be a trauma from getting extremely scared when she was younger.  Or the guy getting told to kill himself or that a hallucination telling him it will kill him could be rooted in a depression.  I should say, that I have no clue what I'm talking about though and it's just a thing that often comes to my mind when the topic schizophrenia comes up and I hear the hallucinations Anyways, I think it's really interesting and it's very cool and brave of all of them to talk about it publicly.
Fun fact Marylin monroe and her mom had Schizophrenia she once had an episode and made her acting coach turn off all the lights with her close the blinds and hide as she was scared.
Anthony: talks about serious mental illnesses/disorders  Also Anthony: *_FALLS THROUGH THE ROOF OF EVERY VIDEO_*
can you sit with sociopaths next :) anthonyyyyyyy
So happy to see Kody on here. Thank you for what you do Anthony
I hope I can participate in tourette's Syndrome vid. I think the experiences I've had will change people's perspectives.
my brother has this very severely🥺 thank you! even i was still being educated.
My schizophrenia has literally ruined every single aspect of my life
Can you do I spent a day with bipolar people? I just got diagnosed last week with bipolar and I feel like a lot of people would like to see it!
my neighbor has schizophrenia and he thinks the kgb is after kim, sad seeing as he doesn't trust anyone anymore.
Thank you so much Anthony for bringing awareness to so many misunderstood mental illness and other things! Keep doing what you’re doing!❤️
How did this get recommended to me? Im not complaining tho.
OMG! idk if he saw my comment, but I recommended this a few weeks ago. SO HAPPY HE DID IT!
Bryan Charnley has some amazing self portraits portraying his battle with schizophrenia and they are incredible. Highly recommend checking them out.
can u do an episode with adhd and make sure to include the different types inattentive/hyperactive and include women and someone who was diagnosed later in life
I’m so happy that Kody got to do this episode, I’m so happy for him
Love your vid
Is this reupload or am I completely insane now?
I spent a day with immigrants? That’d be pretty informative
I have it
Would love to see an episode on people with narcolepsy
Thank you so much for doing this. I've lived with Schizophrenia for years now and people close to me always tell me never to say "I have Schizophrenia" because they're afraid people will think I'm crazy or think I kill people...( Someone ACTUALLY asked me that... If I have the urge to kill people. ) But I know they want to protect me so they tell people I have a "personality disorder" instead. But I SO badly want to make people understand my mental illness instead of being afraid of it. Thank you again for making this video. I feel like people might actually learn about it and I can finally feel free to be myself ❤️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
this is honestly horrifying and i can’t believe they have to go through this, one question though is if they believed in spiritual things would they just believe they’re seeing ghost?? (just a question for anyone who may know)
I don't think I'd manage to live with this. Imagine seeing things that you'd only have to tolerate in your nightmares, but then in everyday life, I think I'd need a real person around me 24/7 to reassure me, because the only thing I would hate to live with, is things that I could imagine or come up with, you wouldn't be able to get rid of them.
Thank you for making this video, Anthony. What Jorge said really stuck with me and I hope that all of these people are doing good :)
If there’s any doctors in the comments: 2 years ago I had a series of seizures at night and it hadn’t happened since until about a month ago I had another seizure but this time there were voices along with it. They were loud and yelling at me through the seizure. So if anyone could tell me what’s happening I’d appreciate that lol.
me with psychosis watching this hearing the door open and close pausing the video multiple times to see if someone has entered my house
I kinda know how scary the hallucinations can be for them cuz when I go to sleep have flashbacks of childhood trauma and when I wake up an already freaked out me wakes up to hallucinations (the most common I wake up to is blood running down my bedroom wall with thousands of big, black spiders crawling over it), and that scares me even more. I've gotten used to it but it still scares me and I keep reminding myself it's not real
kodyyyyy yessss
a little off topic but cecilia is so pretty :D
When I get to sad while watching a video of Anthony I just remember that there is a sloth head in every video
I’d love to see you talk to people with PTSD  or  Domestic abuse survivors
anthony, i love you, but please do not put spiders on the screen with no warning 😭
Maybe a disclaimer for the spiders :(
I loved this! I wish I could have asked if they take a anxiety med, like Xanax, does it help calm down the delusions? Like make them not as scary/mean?
TW Sui****      My granddad actually had schizophrenia and killed himself in a mental institution when my mum was 4 years old. I was told he was an amazing person and I am sad I never got to meet him. She didn't tell me until I was 15. Before she just told me he was ill. I thought it was cancer. But having bpd and dissociation myself, not to that degree, but I understand it a bit, I feel weirdly connected to him. That was in the 60s and I am glad that we made it this far and that these voices are being heard (pun not intended). I know that there is still a massive stigma and media is not making it better, but hey, here is a piece of media making it better. Thanks Anthony!  It's also really common for people to mistake schizophrenia with DID, hope that gets less soon as well, learning more about this
I'm pogging while also wishing I wasn't pogging right now
Dose this scare anybody it’s like I can get schizophrenia any time?
I’ve been waiting for this, I was always so interested in understanding schizophrenia, so thank u for this and MUCH LOVE to everyone, with schizophrenia<333
Does ap stand for anthony paddila or ass pie? (Joke)
I'm proud of Anthony and how far hes come, he really made the right move in his career
Clouds you please spend a day with dyslexic people
Watching this has helped me realize more of what schizophrenia is. I don’t think I have it (if I did, it’s probably not a big deal) but I’ve heard voices. The voice of a little girl in our kitchen, sound of someone in my parents room, and the sound of someone strangling my mom. Again, I don’t think I have it, but this makes me feel a bit better about the things I’ve heard.
Yes yes yes! I was so misunderstanding this disorder and I'm so happy I get to learn more from people with the disorder themselves!
Anthony  should  make a video about people with eating disorders
My mom has Schizophrenia and is currently being treated for it. I'm glad you are teaching people about it! People need to know everyone's sides of view. ❤
This series is so good. It brings up tough topics in a just light and it provides a platform for people to talk about their struggles without direct judgement. Ofcourse there are the rotten eggs here and there in the comments who talk smack... But Anthony being so open to listening and 90% of the comments being so positive is so incredible to see.
I've been seeing shadow people lately and hearing whispering voices what should i do?
Thank you Anthony xo
I've experienced auditory hallucinations from weed and it was demons and it felt so lonely and scary to experience by myself. It takes so much strength to live like that throughout your whole life. These are very brave people in my opinion.
My uncle has schizophrenia and I never really get to see him. Sometimes he takes his meds and sometimes he doesn't. I feel bad for my grandma because she always thinks it's her fault. The times I do see him he was very nice but just shy.
I think it would be very interesting for you to have people with antisocial personality disorder on your show!
i think a day with hospice workers would be interesting
One day in school this little kid had schizophrenia and he started throwing around and braking a bunch of things and they started say “he went psycho” which was rude because he was just like 6 years old and he couldn’t control it
can someone do my geo hw?
I would really like a video about ocd, especially focusing on intrusive thoughts and obsessions. The obsession side is so underrepresented and misunderstood because movies and TV shows focus on stereotypes of compulsive behaviours but ocd is so common that I think more people should know what it's really like.  (Love you forever, Anthony!!)
I have hallucinations, I hear things, and I dissociate I’m also very paranoid. My hallucinations started when I was around 10 (I’m 15 now). These people are strong!
I LOVE CECILIA!!!! I saw her on SBSK!!! ❤️❤️❤️ (highly recommend ppl to watch if you like these interviews)
I had a months-long delusion that the world was not real. Likely not schizophrenia, I've not been diagnosed, but it lasted almost a year and was horrible. My mother would be sitting right next to me and I had to keep asking her, "Are you there?" Tapping her shoulder nonstop for confirmation. Going to sleep was the worst because when I closed my eyes, there was no input telling me there was a world around me. I was pretty much numb to any other input, like touch and noise. If I couldn't see the world, I didn't exist and I started falling away from everything. I found that a useful coping mechanism was to hold a solid object and focus on feeling it as I fell asleep. The more detailed/interactive, the better. It was really nice to hear these peoples' coping mechanisms for similar problems, like Kody and his camera trick. These delusions and paranoia are so, so scary.
Maybe do an episode with highly gifted people(who are really intelligent)
That one guys delusions is the storyline of life on mars
Oh, Cecilia. I already "know" her from some other yt videos. Always nice to listen
This is how many people who love AnthonyPadilla 👇🏻
as someone who suffers from schizophrenia it’s greatly comforting to know there are other people going through similar things. it is extremely distressing, upsetting and debilitating and you can feel extremely alienated and dissociated from reality so knowing that other people feel the exact same makes me feel a lot less insane. thank you for this video.
Kody!!!
I'm so proud of These people. It must Be so hard to stuggle with mental ilnesses and The fact that they can share their stories and educate people. Wow. I'm so proud❤️👏👏
I had a psychotic episode nearly  2 years ago and I'm still on medication for it. It'd be really cool if there were more videos on youtube about the early signs of psychosis considering i caught mine super early, and I think that really saved me. If there was more awareness about psychotic disorders people could potentially identify symptoms far earlier and could get the help they need far earlier. Early diagnosis = better prognosis for people with psychosis.
thank you for making this. its really helped me to understand more about it and was extremely helpful as my step mom was recently diagnosed with schizophrenia. it's been an interesting 3 weeks but thank you!
Thanx Anthony for being a golden heart to all of us ❤
I love how he doesn't judge them 🥺
We believe you! I don’t know and therefore cannot understand your experiences but I know your feelings are real, and you are allowed to and deserving of speaking on that. Anyone worth your time will respect that your view of the world is not the same as theirs and they’ll support you. Thank you guys for sharing. Stay strong 💛
They all had really nice voices
I have a cousin that is 4 years younger than me. When he was like 15 and I was 19 he started experimenting with drugs and developed it. Growing up I felt sad because he was good one day and the next he was totally different. A therapist I spoke to told me that he was going to get it but the drugs just made it come sooner. He would tell us he was going to go to court and sue the government for a new head, new arms... and to call him blue eyes (he had brown eyes) . These ppl in the video talk normal, my cousin seemed lost, his eyes were lost. He ended up being deported at 18 because he was here with a passport and he ended up snapping and beating my uncle which would take care of him. He is now in a hospital/living residence. He is let out to go to the Dr or if my uncle wants to take him out for Lunch. I haven’t talked to him in a long time.. what used to be funny with the comments he would make suddenly got scary because he’s one of those violent snap at any moment patients. It must be so scary to see and hear things that aren’t there. Like how can they distinguish real life from not real life.
THE GOAT SCHIZOPHRENIC HIPPIE
I AM SO GLAD TO SEE KODY LOVE THAT  GUY !!
You do such amazing things exposing all these different groups of people and allowing them to share their mind, we need more people like you in this world
I'm fan of your content, but it would be amazing if you could add a trigger warning in the description for the spiders at 9:52. Me and my boyfriend love to watch your videos together but that scene triggered a panic attack on him.
I honestly thought twomad was gonna be in this
Almost 5 million subs
my little brother is total hell to be around but also thought he might have onset so this was very informative
My Mom has schizophrenia and it helps me to understand her more and what she's going through life thank you Anthony padill
Anthony can you do people with epilepsy? 👉👈😶
YESSS I RECOMMENDED SCHIZOPHRENICHIPPIE IM SO HAPPY
A humble question: can someone with schizophrenia have a hallucinating friend? Thx 😊
Not exactly the same but my grandpa recently passed away from a disease called Lewy Body Dementia, where he experienced hallucinations with dementia and Parkinson’s symptoms. It was awful and I learned a lot about why he was seeing things and the types of visual hallucinations that are often seen. Robin Williams also died from this, he was diagnosed posthumously. It would be cool if you could maybe talk to people with this especially because it’s under-researched and more common than people think. Thanks for your great videos! :)
Maybe you could try to talk to people with chronic derealisation/depersonalisation disorder. I've had every symptom but a little bit more for around 5 years now and I'm really worried that it will never end. It's only got worse.
I worked with a guy with schizophrenia... he also had bipolar in multiple personalities and he was delusional AF worse person I ever met
I've seen Cecilia McGough's Ted talk on schizophrenia, and it's amazing that she is featured here!  Thanks for doing this video, Anthony <3
I’ve been researching for a few months and I’m pretty positive I have schizophrenia but I don’t know how to ask for help
It's also worth mentioning that people with mental illness or disorders are far more likely to be victims of crimes rather than commiters of crime. Like they commit somewhere around 4-5% of all shootings, but at the same time somewhere around 30% of people with mental illness will be a victim. I'm currently writing a paper about mental illness and in my research I read a lot about how media over-represents people with mental illness such as schizophrenia as violent or dangerous when that is truly not the case.   This series has been great Anthony! I like how talking about mental illnesses in this way can help reduce the stigma of mental health and educate people, hopefully changing the way society views different mental illnesses! Excited to see more
A combination of psych meds I was on when I was 14 actually INDUCED psychosis in me. Only auditory, but I feel Kody when he says he gets annoyed with the “oh yeah, I have a voice in my head that tells me to do things”. That’s VERY DIFFERENT than hearing a voice, that’s not yours, outside of your head, telling you how to behave. And they’re almost never telling you something good. It’s the scariest thing I’ve ever experienced.
Cecilia is so amazing! She’s so brave please go watch her Ted talk💛
Could you si down with people with adhd it’s a lot deeper than just being distracted
These series are so informative. I love it!
Maybe “I spent a day with aromantics?” I feel like aros have to face a lot of misconceptions and bad representation so an episode about them would be great in my opinion!
A lot of these statements are relatable to me- mainly the paranoia related ones as I do have pretty bad paranoia- It’s kinda surreal (Edit spelling)
you should sit down with School Bus Drivers. something a bit more "light hearted"...or is it?????
I’ve watched Cecilia’s Ted Talk before. It was so heartbreaking but so powerful at the same time. If you haven’t watched it before I 100% suggest you do. It’s titled “I Am Not a Monster: Schizophrenia”
People treat schizophrenia like insanity, and it's really sad
Idk if you will see this but I would love to see a video on maladaptive daydreaming. When I try to tell people they just don't understand or will try to say oh yeah I also daydream and just dont really get what I'm talking about. Or they think I'm crazy. I love your videos and I think they spread awareness, with good and appropriate ways to talk about topics.
I would like to see a video on those who have schizoaffective disorder. I understand that there is over lap with Schizophrenia but is its own unique disorder.
You should interview families with open murder cases
Cecelia's voice is so lovely and relaxing. I loved this episode.
Yay thank you for the mix of male and female guests. Its a great way to get a diverse and unsexist approach to the topic. Thanks again, forever fan. :)
I only know I have auditory halucinations because I heard a girl talking in my ear and I'm literally the only girl that lives here
Joyconboyz
So......can we talk about the sloth head, or....?
How long until Trisha Paytas says she has schizophrenia?
These people are so strong. Can't image how hard it must be to live like that.
Here earlier than my zoom classes
Love this series and the awareness you bring to so many communities. Not to be bias but you should totally tackle, type 1 diabetes. There still is a lack of education surrounding this community, and it affects such a large group of people.
I actually have schizoaffective type depression and I hear voices so I can kinda relate on that degree of hallucinating but I’d like to see a video on the topic of schizoaffective disorder so it can be talked about more and personally I’d love to find people that I relate to and demonstrate this disorder well!! Love how kind you are to these people it really helps us viewing as well!!
Ahhhhh I love Kody on tiktok
Please talk about eating disorders. I'm constantly recovering from anorexia.
The phone is a super useful tool for me as well.
That point where he was talking about eticka was really profound. I wouldn't have thought watching others would affect them that much.
I’ve been waiting for this video for so long and it’s finally here!! Anthony you never disappoint with these videos keep up the great work
The openness from these guests, the safe judgementfree environment, the amazing questions Anthony asks and responses he gives makes this my all-time favorite Youtube series
Would you do one with people with mania?
can you do one with ADHD? i have adhd and i’d love to see an episode of how others have it
I think your visual effects, distortions, etc are in my opinion extremely distasteful. Really comes off like you're trying to make this a freak show.
What would happen if a person goes through a hallucination
She’s so right we need to teach kids about mental health. When I first experienced OCD I enough it was god punishing me for Benny bad, and then I thought it was schizophrenia bc that word didn’t mean anything more to me then a name for mental illness. It wasn’t until someone on tv talked about OCD that I realized what was going on with me. It was a relief. I also dated a guy with schizophrenia. Sometimes it was sweet when he would talk to the bird outside the window. She’d tell him about her babies and he’d  worry for her. It was harder when he heard “me” flirting with his roommate. I’d be making him dinner and he’d come in furious I was cheating on him. I also lived with two women with schizophrenia after a nervous breakdown. I was in a residential rehab and bc of my nurturing nature they put me with these women who had two very different forms of schizophrenia. One, she was also mentally disabled and would see Superman and ducks as well as black lines. The other had a NOS form and she had everything. She saw and heard things, delusions, she felt things. She’d tell me I was her daughter and she could tell bc I had the same Martian head protrusions she had. Or that the man on the toothpaste commercial was her son and she’d hook us up. She’d make movies part of her life and tell me about her adventures on witch mountain. She was very interesting. But I once met a woman with schizophrenia who was tormented. She was heavily scarred from setting herself on fire to escape the voices. I once heard her scream the most despairing scream I’d ever heard as she was tormented by voices. I’d struggled with debilitating OCD, depression, anxiety and addiction but I felt incredibly grateful I didn’t have schizophrenia. I’ve had dissociative episodes and I’ve learned to fear not having control over my mind. But what’s I’ve experienced is nothing compared to what some ppl have to deal with. The mind is fascinating but also terrifying.
The schiznophernia stimulation made me scream omg
ITS KODY YAY
These are my absolute favourite! ❤️
Hey Anthony!  If you were to do an episode on PTSD I'd love to give some input! Otherwise, the series is wonderful and I hope that you continue bringing understanding and joy to the mental health community :)
I’d watch 10 mins of Anthony just showing how he edits the interview. I’m really interested in how he interviews with the video calls.
Early ❤️
keem really did a number with that Etika situation. We need more positive conversations.
It’s the gongoozler
Yes I been waiting for this video 😁
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
Love the new nose piercing btw
Thank you for not portraying them as dangerous. as someone with schizophrenia i’m so tired of feeling afraid to get help or tell people and seeing it in this more honest light, that we are just people, is very comforting. you’ve done a great job with your videos on mental illness. i hope you continue to do so!  small edit- recently got the medication i need. working towards my recovery !
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
a lot of my relatives have had/still have schizophrenia and most people just think they're crazy and stuff (especially because we never really talk about it where I'm from) so thank you for giving other people who have it a chance to talk about it  :)
Ok, but why does the music and Anthony dropping in make him look badass?
Ugh i love that you done this and trying make people understand more...  Ive had this diagnoses a few months ago and suffered for years since i started talking from being a toddler, and my parents tried getting me help back then, it was said to be imaginary friends until it got worse and worse until now. I went back to get help and the place where i live, they dont help at all. They put me in for finding ways to cure my anxiety instead of helping with voices and seeing, so i went back again and they dropped me and wont help me until im bad in THAT moment. I really dont get it, and i dont know how to get help anymore i really tried. They diagnosed me and left me and now my boyfriend tries to get me through things that happen but like the person said its the “it will be okay” type things they help and dont its frustrating in a way. Im glad hes there for me though. For a LONG time i thought i was in contact with ghosts and demons and that i had powers. I go into psychosis and i feel invincible and that i can do anything and then sometimes i just feel like im in a dream and i have to hurt my self to get out of it or that i can kill myself and ill come back like a game.  If anyone has help or recommendations about what i could do to get help plz reply. :)
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I'm glad you posted this video! I live with someone with schizophrenia. People around him don't know he has schizophrenia unless he tells them. I guess some are a bit scared and/or surprised when they learn it, but the thing is, they suddenly understand that you can live a pretty normal life and "look normal" (I don't like this term but you guys get it). He has a good job and will be the big boss of this compagny one day. He's one of the most intelligent people I've ever met.  But people usually hear the word "schizophrenia" on the news... when someone commited a murder. We need to talk about it like you just did :)
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
i have quite a lot of hallucinations but im pretty sure its just bc of autism
Trisha: *writing notes*
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
Why didn't you get twomad? Would have gotten way more views especially from his fans.
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I find it interesting how hallucinations are similar to one another. The shadow people, clowns, and spiders end up being a hallucination many people have. My heart goes out to anyone dealing with hallucinations I wouldn't wish this disorder on my worst enemy.
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
my biological dad suffers from both bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. there definitely isn't enough education and information about these disorders, both for sufferers and those who may know them. it's incredibly difficult for everyone involved, but I can't even imagine what it must be like to suffer this way and be told you're a bad person. major respect to these people for being so open about who they are, not everyone is capable of doing that or can even be aware of what's happening to them, and it's so refreshing to have people talk about this from the experience of someone who has it without the stigma.
I’d really like to know if the medication makes symptoms go completely away or just helps to calm them
Did Cecilia do a Ted talk on this subject by any chance?? She reminds me a lot of one that I saw a while back that I really enjoyed!!
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia three years ago but I’ve been having auditory hallucinations and hallucinations since I was five and I always thought it was normal till I told someone they called me crazy and I didn’t tell anyone that I would hear or see things till One day I ended up hurting myself I went to school like nothing happened but I was bleeding a lot when my friends notice she immediately took me to the counselors office and they called a pet team I was taken to the hospital where they diagnosed i had schizophrenia. What Cecelia was saying about being Being underestimated for a lot of things I agree with her It’s not like I am a baby and people think I can’t do anything for myself luckily my parents don’t think that but I feel like they still Are cautious to what I do sometimes
I've followed Cecelia through different interviews and talks on YouTube. It looks like she's been doing well since the last time I saw her online. That makes me so happy!
YOOO SCHIZOPHRENIC HIPPIE??? LETS GOOO
I'm a simple man, I see @schizophrenichippy, I like.
Could we hear from people who have recovered from eating disorders? I'm about 7 years fully "clean" and I would love to hear stories of others like me.
I love how Anthony is very respectful towards all the people he has interviewed in this series. He brings a different light to people who have a condition and it helps people understand this condition more. His videos should be shared a lot more
She is georgeous! I'd die to be friends to someone like her, she would make a great best friend, a girlfriend, an anything to someone who has a beautiful soul equal to hers. Such a soothing voice she has...Marry me :)
These experiences seem terrifying.
My Dad was diagnosed with schizophrenia late in life and committed suicide due to the late diagnosis combined with withdrawals from alcohol and certain medications he had to take. It's really terrible and misunderstood disorder to have and I hope people who don't have it try to understand it more
Dude my uncle is schitzophrenic and he told us one day that he ate two police officers in our attic
love the videos but i think the "coming up" thing is a bit unnecessary <3
Finally after a week 😭
Great video! Would love an episode about ADHD
YESS I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS! I don't have schizophrenia nor do I know anyone with it (anymore) but I enjoy searching up things about mental health and all of that and I happen to be researching schizophrenia right now, just for fun!
Theres always one person in each episode that starts crying and then i cry too lmao
helllllooooo
I love this series, question, has he done people with bipolar disorder?  I want to know some people who has it and hear their experience...
I can never get over the way he enters.
For a period of about a year and a couple of months I would hallucinate spiders and hands, it was during a time when I was stressed out by school, and my home life due to my parents separating. It always happened at night and I would dose off and then be jolted awake by seeing these big spiders over my face or I would see a hand reaching out of my face, it was such a weird and scary time and at first I couldnt tell if the spiders were real or not eventually my mother, siblings and I moved into a new home away from my father and ever since then I havent had those hallucinations.
As a schizophrenic I super appreciate this interview. Anthony you are a huge inspiration and asset to the human race for bringing these things to light. I have been waiting on this video. Thank you so much.
hi
twomad be like
The vertical screen makes me kind of uncomfortable ngl
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
10:29 "fingertits" haha.
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
This episode was so insightful. Anthony is the best host!
I think doing an episode about people with Suicidal Ideations would be amazing.
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
Video Idea: I spent a day with True Crime Youtubers
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
It really sucks having a sibling become Schizophrenic. Growing up playing yugioh and tony hawk. Now he talks about simulations, spirits, aliens, Nanotech in the water, third eye and obtaining elemental powers, our mom isn't his mom, astral projecting, astral shapeshifting and I have no soul, but I can get it back if I open my third eye At least I got him into a show so we can talk about something.
Interesting I did something like this
Thank you for sharing your stories 😌
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
she kinda bad doe
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I know this comment has been made before but could ypu maybe spend a day with suicide survivors?   Id also like to thank you (SO MUCH) for raising awareness and destigmatizing so many disorders, mental illnesses amd communities.
i actually haven't known anything apart from terrible pop culture about schizophrenia. I think it's wayy different from what is portrayed in media and entertainment
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
Omg, I absolutely adore Cecilia ever since I've seen her ted talk 3 years ago! Such a powerful, beautiful pearson!
I had an ex who had schizophrenia, I was too young and didn't know enough about how to help so I failed to support him, thank you for this educating me better than anything I've looked up has :)
Please do people with hypochondria! That would be really interesting ❤️
Seeing Kody in such a series is so nice!!! Thank you so much for helping spread awareness and help educate others!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I have psychotic depression. It's really nice to see empathetic content on psychosis.
What a strong, thoughtful, delightful group of people! I genuinely appreciate the personal experiences each of you shared so openly. Thank you for this post--for allowing us to be your students!😊👏❤
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
I just saw a comment saying this person was deaf and they needed captions! Please copy and paste so Anthony can see!
you should do an episode with diagnosed psychopaths
Love this series
I have suffered from psychosis and I really love this video and it is always so enlightening to hear other people's similar experiences.  Well done, as always, Anthony 👍💛
Damn good vid
Finally! A collab between Anthony and twomad!
These videos make me realise that I take my physical and mental health for granted..
omg i was jus binge watching
I’m so happy Cody was about to be a guest on your show! I remember him posting multiple videos on his tik tok about wanting to be a guest!
Can you interview people with DDD? (derealization/depersonalization disorder)
This is no joke my good friend got this after abusing drugs and they destroyed him
Youre great anthony, i believe youre realky making a difference, thank you.
It's so annoying that people think just because of this disorder they are less capable and can't have rational aspirations.  John Vash was an incredible mathematician with schizophrenia. I recommend watching the movie a beautiful mind which is a (apparently) rather accurate depiction of his life.
Holy shit, these people are so strong!
7:15 that thought is just.....so scary and twisted.....
8:57 is super interesting, I went to a party where 5 people were killed and more were injured by a young man we use to go to school with. Turned out he had undiagnosed Schizophrenia and I always wonder what was going on in his head when it happened. It was such a tragic event all around. I still feel bad for him too, that would be so awful to live with. I just want to preface if anyone sees this, that people with schizophrenia are not usually dangerous, if they are it's only to themselves, this event was a very rare exception - I do not want to add to the stigma.
I am so glad I watched this video. I feel much more educated about mental health. I thank you
I'd really love to see you explore eating disorders. I think a lot of people see it as just looking for attention and that it's just a teenage girl thing.
I’ve seen Cecilia talk about her schizophrenia before. Man she’s seen some scary shit. This stuff is scary I feel bad for them.
My uncle is schizophrenic. I have BPD, as well as anxiety attacks/overthinking, and one of my fears is to become schizophrenic. This was hard to watch, but I am so glad that I did.  I cannot, and will never, know the courage and strength these people must have in order to go through this every day.
This video means so much to me. Thank you, Anthony and everyone in this video 💚💚💚
As someone living with a family member with schizophrenia and high functioning autism and depression, it’s certainly a tricky one to deal with. But it shouldn’t be feared or shunned, or even treat the way that a lot of people treat it in general, people need to remember that it’s a lot harder for the person who has it to live with it than it is for the people who know/meet them. We need to help people and make them feel loved and cared for instead of continuing to have this selfish and toxic mentality towards others.
This is such a wonderfully educational and insightful video - thank you ALL for sharing your story!  It's so unfair how the condition has been stigmatized.  Thank you for teaching us in such a graceful and powerful way!  Good luck to you all!  Love and Respect
I’m so happy you did this. My boyfriend has schizophrenia and I am trying to learn as much as I can to help him.
If you decide to do PTSD (Post traumatic stress disorder) i have a lot to say. PTSD impacts my life in every way--but I've also found a path to recovery. Let me know.
I clicked so fast when I saw KODY!!! 😍😍 So excited I love his Tik Toks!
hi guys theirs this book i read about a kid named adam who had schizophrenia and they made a movie about it this year i would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about schizophrenia its called words on bathroom walls
When the guy w the headphones was talkin about the you tuber it really choked me up, I felt that. Sending you all so much love
I think an interview with people who've had their house burn down would be quite interesting and useful. Thank you so much for creating this series I feel like I've learned so much  just from it.
I love this series thank you
That must suck I hope if I ever run into someone who has schizophrenia and they trust me enough to tell me about it then I can be understanding and help them out, if they need it of course.
Video idea: I spent a day with people w/dpdr (depersonalization & derelization)
Can people with schizophrenia hallucinate good/positive things? Like how they see clowns, faceless people, and demons can some people with schizophrenia see nice people, cute animals, and genuinely good things? Or hear positive voices instead of negative ones?
I don’t like the way Anthony says schizophrenia
I'm really scared. I've been having small hallucinations of spiders/insects and shadow figures the past two years. I hope it doesn't manifest into something worse. I don't know who to go to for help or what to do
They know where you are they’re coming for you run
ayooooo kody my man
Can you please do an intervieuw with people with ADD. It would help me a lot. Loved this video
Just want to recommend "living well with Schizophrenia" for people who want to learn about or people with schizophrenia :)
I love how much I learn with this videos
You can hear the fear in her voice, I feel so bad. I hate my panic attack imagine going through what they are going through is worse🥺😢
It ill be cool id you did one wirh with people that have OSDD-1A OSDD-1B
I would live around anime characters
I don't know if anyone has pointed this out, but Anthony's "Mmhm" "Mmm" and "Right" etc. are a great conversation skill that makes people feel like someone is paying close attention and makes them feel more comfortable.
13:35 Damn that's really smart! That can really be useful for someone. I'm glad he shared that
Thank you for for helping educate people on these matters. It is really important for people to try to understand that everyone struggles and that just cause you don't feel that way doesn't mean it isn't valid.
It's okay not to be okay
I think I might have a little bit of schizophrenia but not too bad
My grandma had paranoid schizophrenia and wasn't taking meds for it, living with her was hell, but i can't even imagine what she was going through...
I would love one on ADHD with woman. I don't know if theres a videos about that. Many girls don't know they have it till late in life, I was lucky to fine out when I was young.
yooo i have a request, do HSP's plss, thank you and have a good day :)
Schizophrenia is such a difficult thing to live with.
Was literally gonna comment how important it is for you to make two seperate videos for DID and Schizophrenia, and then Kody talked about it!!! Lol! But I just adore how natural you treat these topics. Even as a therapist I've had a hard time dealing with some hallucination cases, so it's wonderful that you give the people who deal with these issues the space they need. We've been talking a lot about mental health but it's often been mostly about neurotic disorders, like depression, anxiety, etc. which are important to discuss and have been affecting more and more people lately, but often psychotic disorders get neglected in the conversation and they need to have a light shone on them too. Great job Anthony!
Jorge is absolutely right about Etika. It's insane how people treated his case as attention-seeking and just laughing at him. He needed help and understanding.
Dear Anthony,  first of all: Thank you so much for this video... I hope nobody minds me sharing my own story, but please only read this if you feel stable enough. Please take care.  I have several mental illnesses, including schizoaffective disorder (schizophrenia with depression). I actually remember I was diagnosed when I was twenty, after a really, really rough time for my family and me. I had two psychotic episodes in total (one when I was twenty, one when I was almost twenty-two...). When I was twenty, my family was about to lose their home, we had no money, and we didn't have anywhere to go at first, I had just found out about the suicide of a friend of mine (and fallen for the delusional thought of her still being alive), and I couldn't sleep at all for several days. I then ended up in the hospital after I attempted to take my own life; the voices even told me what exactly I should do, where I could find what I'd need, and so on. I heard all the time how the voices wanted to harm me... And I hallucinated a sharp object floating above me, and felt it each time it went down to injure me. When I was in hospital, I heard all the time they wanted to poison me there, and I should rescue others from this. I was ready to, but I felt powerless.  The second psychotic episode started after I decided impulsively to stop taking my medication altogether, after I was insulted by my then-psychiatrist (I asked about ways to deal with anxiety (I have climacophobia and it was even worse back then than it is now...), and she basically told my mum (Who was in the room with me back then), "Can you now SEE what kind of stupid s*** I have to deal with every day?!" and then the psychiatrist turned to me, saying, "If your voices force you not to go downstairs or upstairs, that is none of my business!!" =_= I later on met people experiencing really awful stuff with this psychiatrist, too. I just felt back then like, you know, I am not just somebody who has heard voices. I also can experience other stuff. In the second hospital stay, I was told I most likely inherited my disorder from my biological father, who was extremely abusive towards us, as in, his then-family. That also hurt, because I compared myself to him, and I never treated anybody as he did in our direction... He also broke off contact beforehand, and we still don't talk; I know I have half-siblings but I never got to meet them... They also didn't tell us about the passing of my grandparents.  But back to this. In hospital, I experienced a different time "flow" so to say. I felt like everything was passing extremely quickly. :( Also, whenever I closed my eyes, I saw a doctor standing infront of my bed with a chainsaw, grinning in my direction.  I learned the hard way that medication is really important - at least for me. I reduced the dose over time, with the help of the doctors I was at after this psychiatrist back then. But I cannot get off them. It is way too dangerous, I learned. I need to pay attention to my sleep patterns, and not let things get too stressful. I haven't hallucinated in a while (the last time was when I was twenty-two, now I am thirty-six years old), and I still oftentimes doubt the diagnosis, but maybe mainly because back then the comparison with my biological father hurt so much.  I was also told in the hospital by a doctor back then, that therapy wouldn't work for my disorder, and boy, how wrong that was! Really. It can definitely help put things into perspective, and I definitely recommend therapy if you feel like this could help :). As I said, there are other problems I also deal with (Borderline & Avoidant Personality Disorder, PTSD, and an eating disorder).  I hope this all makes sense somehow, as I really struggle with keeping things coherent. If you guys have any questions, feel free to just ask.  Much love from my side (also to the people who were interviewed and everybody who deals with mental illness in whatever way)!
I was diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, along with a few other disorders back in December of 2019. I had struggled with these issues for a long time and have always been mistreated and misdiagnosed. The difference between the voices I hear compared to others is I actually have internal voices, except they are different from my thoughts. They have their own voices and are similar to an intrusive thought where they come out of no where and can’t be controlled. I have heard external noises before too though. During my psychotic breaks I tend to not be able to tell whether it’s internal or external, because I get so delusional.  When they brought up Mental Health and how people should be able to talk about it, I bursted into tears. Recently there was a suicide at my school, and i’ve been working with a group in my school called Project ETS (ETS = End The Stigma) because the reason why people are so afraid to talk about mental health is because of the stigma they face. I’ve been saying these kinds of things a lot recently and have for a while and to see someone else say the exact same thing is touching. Things need to change, and Mental Health should be treated the same way as Physical Health by society in the way that it’s still an illness and just as valid.
who els would love to see a video about adhd or bipolar disorder?
**an important message for the folks who run this channel**  IK y’all probably won’t read this, but I thought I’d still ask if you could either give warnings or just straight up remove footage of things like spiders and other common phobias. Obviously not everyone is afraid of spiders (although it is the most common phobia) but for those of us that are, it could and very much did trigger a panic attack—this goes for other phobias as well. Thanks for hearing me out, and have a wonderful day!  Padildo No.165514, D-RgK
I’ve never been diagnosed with schizophrenia but I am very paranoid constantly at night I can not be having my back towards the wall if I do I can feel a presence and have to immediately look back and see if there’s someone there same thing with cracks in walls or litteraly any wall I will make sure there are not spiders there so I can kinda relate with some of their stories and I’m just happy there are other people who have the same things
Would you be able to interview people who have neurofibromatosis. I'd love to answer some questions you have.
I would love to see a day with people with Bipolar disorder! It's such a complex and misunderstood disease.
Nobody:  Trusha paytas tomorrow: I HAVE SCHIZOPHRENIA
That's where I recognize her from, she was on sbsk twice.
Anthony: hey Cecelia  Me in my head: is Celia  Me: oh yeah its Antony not my old art teacher    Also I am so glad that you are bringing awareness to these topics!
Plot twist: Anthony is the one with scizofrenia
Love Kody so much!!
UGH being a schizophrenic, society has such a blurred perception of what it is and use the word “psychotic” loosely. thank you so much for doing this video with my literal favorite people
I really appreciate watching this video and seeing that people can live a good life with schizophrenia, and that not everyone has hallucinations of people telling them to kill others. Because that's my experience with it. A family member has schizophrenia, and they are a very sweet person. However, when they come off their medication, they hallucinate a bearded man telling them to kill people, particularly their mother. She has been in the hospital due to this😥 the police have been involved, and it can be very scary.  So thank you so much to Anthony and to the guests on today's episode and helping me understand my family member's disorder a bit better
I have a topic that I would love to see you cover, Remote Neural Monitoring. You could talk to people who are survivors of it (Targeted Individuals or TIs) and they can spread the word about what their experiences have been, what evidence there is, why RNM is more than just a conspiracy theory, and how people who are TIs often hear voices, static, and frequencies that when talking to a friend, parent, or doctor about it would make them wrongfully think that they have some sort of psychosis. That is what happened to me and it sucks.
I've seen Cecilia on SBSK
Can you do “the world of kids with parents who are illegal immigrants “?
i wonder if anthony would ever do narcissistic personality disorder?
Ayeeeeeee my dude cody making it far!! Keep preaching man you've helped so much
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!
"Usually fom the age 16 to 30."       Me (15 y.o.): ✖〰️✖
Thank you for making this episode. I've had a long journey of finding out that I don't have DID I have schizophrenia. This episode helps me connect with the small percentage of people out there. So thanks again <3
I felt black dude so much. I’ve currently been dealing with a bad depression but I never was medically diagnosed. My mom,dad, and oldest brother struggle with mentall illness. My brother has schizophrenia as well and he’s incarcerated due to an incident caused by not having proper treatment and I’m scared that I’ll fall into their footsteps
I used to think my life was a tragedy, now I realize that it’s a comedy
This series is so helpful for people who wanna help or understand anyone that's going through something. Thank you, Anthony! <3
I would love to see a video about polyamory!
My mom is bipolar and schizophrenic
This is so useful
Thank you Anthony for talking about this subject now I know about schizophrenia more to talk to one of my family members about it.
as a schizophrenic person, i wish that the negative symptoms was discussed more. im happy that the positive symptoms was talked about, but personally the negative symptoms are more life-threatening for me (such as, depression, lack of sleep, lack of motivation and such)
just imagine if someone actually listened to those voices and took their life.  that is just so scary to think about.
May have teared up. Thank you so much for doing this Anthony and being so respectful while you do so <3
wow. I've been referred to a schizophrenia specialist today. wild.
I’m literally doing a schizophrenia presentation and honestly this is the perfect timing to learn more about it.
I already have a dear of clowns so I can imagine how horrible that would be to experience in a daily basis. I'm glad that they are able to figure out what they were experiencing. Thank you for sharing so we can understand a little better
I watch Kody on TikTok and he has really helped dispel myths about Schizophrenia  for so many people. Thanks for including him in this, hes so great!
thank you anthony
As a psychology student I really enjoy seeing these videos. In class I only tend to learn about these disorders from a educational point of view, so it’s great to hear what happens from a real person. I also love that these videos are helping eliminate the stigma that’s often associated with these disorders. Thank you Anthony!
I love your videos so much, you make your guest feel so comfortable, and allow them to be so open it creates such an interesting conversation. Truly moving content and things such as the phone trick in this video can help so many people just thanks to you giving your guest a platform to reach so many young viewers that could be suffering from similar disorders. Keep up the amazing work.
The phone thing is brilliant I hope someone sees this and it helps them!!! I had ex-boyfriend with schizophrenia sometimes it was hard to not to get lost in the things with him. He is amazing person! I tried to always just make him feel like he was just a normal person because he was he couldn't help what was going on with him very talented writer and musician! Ever sense than I've been so interested in learning more where ever i could so i appreciate this . plus i appreciate the work you do!! Your so accepting of everyone it's beautiful!! 💜🌹🌸🐉
She hallucinates the older version of IT, damn... i couldnt live with that
i just wanna say your videos are amazing, as a very visual person i find it easier to understand what are you and the guests talking about. also, i love this series, I've learned a lot from these videos and i appreciate it :)
I WATCHED HER TEDTALK. I was wondering why the clown, spiders, and girl were the same thing the ted talk lady saw. I thought there's no way they can have the same exact hallucinations. She's the same person lol. Anyways, great video
imagine having schrizophrenia but the voices being positive affirmations
I think talking to people with pyromania would be interesting
I spent a day with porn stars
Thanks Anthony we love you !
Anthony is one of the most genuine people out there, he makes everyone comfortable.. and I've been waiting for this episode for ages
love you anthony <333
Could you do “I spent a day w/ people with depression?”   I feel like many people can relate to this, and it could incredibly educate others   Please like so he can see it!!
Can you do a video about people with DCD i dont konw where it stands for in english but the person who have it have trouble learning things to do with movemnets
I GOT THE SCHIVERS WHEN HE SAID NIKOLA BC THAT'S MY NAME ISTGG
This is scary as hell
Can you spend a day with people with eating disorders? I have one and I want to see if they go through the same difficulties as me
This was amazing and very clarifying. Thanks, Anthony! And thank you everybody who was a part of this episode!
As someone with multiple disorders, I really appreciate the way you speak to your guests on your episodes, and the way you break down stigmas. Much love!
could you do something on ocd big daddy
I know someone who has schizophrenia his symptoms started showing up because he took a shit ton of acid... the guy who he did acid with has scars from between his fingers to his wrist because he cut himself there
i had a flat mate (eho was also my friend) and he said he had to base his whole reality off other people telling him things were real or not.  for example (and he only eould trusted a few) sometimes when his medication would slip he wpuld need to ask people about things he heard or saw being real. if someone said no that didnt happen or i dont see that then he would have to take their word for it.  Also where i work one of our clients would come in and i was the only one besides her sales rep she would talk to. Her sales rep asked me how i dept with her and was so good at it. i told the sales rep (and my staff) that i seriously thought she may be schizophrenic. I had to teach my staff and the rep how to go about dealing with someone who was. I honestly believe she wasnt medicated for it and may have not realized she was.  My staff and the rep said after ii taught them how to deal with her i. a different way that it was much easier to help her and not have her leave upset.  I think months later she did get help. we didnt see her for a month and when she came back she was very different. Her thinking she heard different voices haf stopped as well as not being able to look at you or talk to you for ling periods of time. shed would turn around and walk out tge door talking to her self as well as talking to someone elsr who wasnt there while going out to her car and rummaging in her back seat and then come back in with nothing in her hands.... but she didnt do that anymore. There was ALOT MORE things but point is more people should understand to be patient with people of all types
SCHIZOPHRENICHIPPIE
23:01 I understood that reference
My older brother was diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was ten probably and from what my parents told me they did everything they could to help him. But as he got older in his teen years he started doing drugs because he couldn't handle the voices anymore.... We took him to the doctor again and they told us he was also bipolar and depressed... It's been seven years since I talked to him or seen him. I miss him and hope he's doing fine and taking his medication and stopped doing drugs... Miss you Ivan <3
thank you anthony.
_it's just so interesting to see how our brain is so powerful! :O_
Can you do: I spent a day with serial killers
17:40 omg i could not relate any more!  My halucinations and paranoia are so bad i would never try to fight it
I remember suggesting this ages ago back when I was struggling with psychosis caused by my PTSD and depression.  it's so nice to see these people humanized instead of portrayed as monsters like some media think they are.
Hi Antony! I love the channel and all the support and knowledge it spreads. I was wondering if you could do a "spent a day with people w/ CHRONIC PAIN" like fibromyalgia. There are some many pain related diseases that people don't know about and many go about their lives without a diagnosis, it would so good to educate this amazing community.
Another amazing video! Thank you for sharing and talking about topics we don’t really hear a lot about
I wonder what would happen if someone with schizophrenia took lsd or shrooms 🤔
My brother struggles with schizophrenia, and it's difficult coming from a family that doesn't understand. I have psychotic symptoms so I can sympathize with him a lot more than my family can but I'm tired of hearing that his schizophrenia is because he's doing drugs or not eating vegan.
If you ever Want to spend a day with people with adhd you can always ask me to talk about it
Anthony would be a great therapist lol
now this is something I am interested in. I've had hallucinations for as long as I remember but my doctors never believed me. I also have "fake" memories, which is kinda scary. Not knowing what happened and what didn't. Sometimes I lose time and don't know who I am anymore, too. I'm very sure it's not schizophrenia though. I spent a total of 9 months in different mental hospitals so they would have caught that by now.
Another great video full of information! So glad you do all these videos and share the stories of individuals in safe space.
It sounds like Jorge has something like Dissociative Identity Disorder. I wonder what are the differences between schizophrenia and DID. Anyway, wonderful video as always. Thank you guys!   PS: Jorge looks like a sweet and sensitive guy, and he's so brave! Loved watching him express his feelings! It's so powerful!
Also, please do a ISTDW Prescription painkiller addictions. It’s not as widely known/talked about about unlike illicit substance abuse/addiction. I’ve never done any illicit substances but I fell into prescription addiction without realising. I feel as if it really needs to be talked about, how to spot someone who may be addicted/the dangers of etc.
The Etika thing messed with me too. I can’t even imagine what it must be like for someone who might have an understanding of what he was going through.
YESSSSSS THE SCITZO HIPPE YESSSS
Cecilia!!!! I love her so much. 💚💚💚💚💚
Thank you so much for making this! I'm all choked up while writing this. My mom has schizophrenia. People who find out are terrified of her. But she is the kindest person I know. And to have someone with such a large platform talking about this helps more than you know.
I got diagnosed with schizoid personality disorder. I know it is different from schizophrenia, but my initial thought was "people will think I'm a crazy person." I got educated and learned about both and have so much respect for everyone in this video who openly spoke up and shared a little about their life. I'm happy mental health is being discussed more because it allows us to understand one another.
I've had audio and visual hallucinations on xtc, I could hear my friends speak i language i knew they couldn't speak, i heard horses running by that weren't there, i saw champagne bottles that weren't there, but when i focussed my vision on them they disappeared. How similar is this to schizophrenia?
OMG KODYYY!!!
Could you do a "Spend a day with people with "invisible/ hidden disabilities"  those disabilities that aren't visible right away, like Ehlers Danlos
They are such nice people, can't believe I used to be scared of people with schizophrenia. This series has helped me understand a lot of people. Thank you, Anthony.
Joycon Boyz forever, RIP Etika
Thank you Anthony people fear what they don’t know and this is helping so many people understand better.
please do c-ptsd or secondary psychopathy!
I love how Anthony is just like so understanding and asks the questions so respectively but I would feel so scared
My mom is schizophrenic.. she hears people that she knows so she thinks its real.. does anyone have any experience with this or any advise for me? After she hears them she will then message or call them and go off on them.. she is on meds but I think at her next appt I'm gonna ask the dr to put her on something else..
It makes me feel so much better to hear someone else has the staticky whisper voice! I feel crazy as is, but knowing someone else’s voices are similar to mine makes me feel better.
Is that the   slow burn sloth in the backround
This was SUCH an interesting 'episode'. Thank you for talking about this and raising awareness. I loved the guy talking about Ettika, he's right, mental health needs to be discussed more and people need to be more kind to each other
Hi, I have tinnitus. I want to learn more about my diagnosis and so I was wondering if you will ever come around to interviewing folks with tinnitus? Thx!
Ok anthony can you please do an episode with rock and roll icons pleaseee🤘🤘🖤
R.I.P Etika... Joycon Boyz for Life❤️
Wow this is crazy, it must be EXTREMELY hard to live with hallucinations and other symptoms of schizophrenia
these people are SO, SO strong and i love them so much but i just thought of that one scene in the office where michael goes “she has anorexia. she’s an anorexitic” and all i could think was “schizophreotic” and i laughed for 5 minutes
The “how to help people who are dealing with schizophrenia” section was great; a guy I met while apartment hunting also said that work therapy helped him deal with it quite a bit.
Schizophrenia is such a misunderstood thing, it’s great to see a video like this explaining it so well and hearing about it from the people dealing with it, as sad as it is, it’s refreshing to see. People do often confuse DID with schizophrenia, even in my school the teacher explained schizophrenia as if it was DID and I had to correct her, it’s not her fault it’s just there is so much misinformation spread
Does anyone have any thoughts on the book Am I Bipolar or Waking Up? I haven’t read it yet but the concept of mental illness being connected to clairsentience is something I have found curious
I wish you put a “clown trigger” or something for people who are extremely scared of them aka me💁🏻‍♀️and Steven Kings “IT” was the one that started it for me personally. Great video ofc as always. I have no idea how Cecilia can go on she literally hallucinates my worst fears she’s so strong and brave, like the rest of them❤️
Please do a ptsd , vets, sexual , natural disaster, others
anthony what you did at the 18.25 mark . please stop doing it . it seems like you want to try something new . i dont know what it is but it seems very out of place and it feels like it goes contrary to your character and it makes me feel uncofortable
mk ultra mind control victims
Maybe I’m digging to deep in my thoughts but Anthony sounds more serious now a days and doesn’t say “ the wonderful world of ...”.
I worked in a psychiatric hospital for 10 years and the stigma around schizophrenia especially is disgusting. I think the media has portrayed this illness as something evil and horrible people, and portray the “straight jacket and padded room”. Sorry to break it to you, but those don’t exist anymore (not in the UK anyway.)  Schizophrenia isn’t always “bad” voices, they also have “nice” voices too. It’s heartbreaking to see someone so distressed by “bad” voices.  Please don’t treat someone who has mental health issues differently. They are human and just like me and you.  Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
Growing up my mother had schizophrenia was really hard to deal with as a child.Its nice to know what she might have been going through. Awww Cecilia! I saw her from one of SBSKs video's!
Aw damn I feel sorry for Jorge bc my name is Nikola I apologise ;-;
I'm glad to learn about it ❤
Could you please do an episode where you talk to people with Fibromyalgia?
This video is quite relatable for someone (me) who lived their whole life with someone who has schizophrenia. The person with schizophrenia who I know told me similar things as the great guests told us in this video. I'm glad that a topic like this is finally being discussed. We went through so much discrimination because of this mental disorder and I think more people need to understand that schizophrenia isn't dangerous for other people. Stay safe and please keep going to discuss mental disorders.
I have extreme paranoia. One of my extreme thoughts is that nothing im seeing is real or some things arent real. I even somtimes go as far as thinking I might be in a coma dreaming all of this. I My point in saying this is that even tho its not exactly the same i can relate to them in the sense of not knowing what reality is sometimes/all the time. It really sucks....
please do one with people that have derealization. 😔👊🏻
Who is this kid
I have schizophrenia, it's been mild but daily bullying and harassment in school brought me to symptoms at 14 and I got diagnosed and medicated early. Thanks to that, and distraction techniques and practice, I no longer have hallucinations or symptoms of Schizophrenia anymore. The only issues I'm having is multiple side-effects from my medication. The medications aren't great, and I know many that went off the medications because of it.
This video left me with a few questions. All of which I’m asking in complete respect and genuine hunger for knowledge:  You touched briefly about different types of schizophrenia but not what those differences are.  Can you control your hallucinations (turn them on and off)  Can you have Schizophrenia at a particularly stressful stage of her life and then it pretty much go away?  Who was the YouTube or that you guys referenced and can somebody send me a link to his story  ** The reason I am asking about this is because at the age of 16 I was diagnosed with manic depressive disorder. I have manic episodes where I have delusions and when I was younger I would see dark figures and sometimes hear whispering in the walls. Over the last year or two I went through a spiritual awakening and I actually feel as if it’s helped with my mental health however this video has me a little bit concerned now. I would really appreciate credible references and more information on this topic  Also if you decide to do I video about bipolar disorder or specifically manic depressive disorder I would love to participate in the video. I have my own YouTube channel where I talk about my walk with mental health and my struggles with dealing with bipolar
Finally a video I can relate with
My mom was recently diagnosed with schizophrenia after years of a misdiagnosis with bpd. This video has truly helped me understand her better. Thank you 🙏🏼
i schizophrenia because i hear discord notifications alot
Please can you do an ADHD episode? There's so much misconceptions and stigma around it, I would love to see it, I think it would be really interesting!
Hey can u do people with growth hormone syndrome
15:55 nigahiga's skitzo series makes so much more sense now
Do one w drug addicts!
I couldn’t be happier to see this video, I have schizophrenia, and am yet to meet someone who understands it. Whenever someone hears about it, they’re automatically scared. I just hope people in my country destigmatize this disorder one day.
The DID episode was amazing.
You should do depression and/or suicidal ideation  As someone who openly discusses my own struggles with them I think it could be very interesting and helpful
9:56 This is what people are supposed to do. Why would someone be hateful toward someone who has gone through that?
This video actually reminded me to call my psychiatrist about my new meds
Can you do "I spent a day with people with OCD" ?  There is a lot of people that believe that they are normalizing OCD but they don't know what it really is.
Could you do Bipolar disorder next?
you aren't crazy. you're allowed to cry, you're allowed to be sad. you're allowed to be different. you're allowed to feel your feelings. you are human.  lets make sure that people are still treated like people, even if it's with small steps like these videos- mentally ill or not. stay safe <3
thank you so much for making this video. Its very difficult for ppl to talk about, so thank you !!!
Please give clown warnings. that was triggering
Jorge is so STRONG!! He's absolutely amazing to be able to share this! You can see that he's so passionate about it! I really look up to him!
As a schizophrenic person im so glad that he’s so welcoming and nice to them :)
I love how everything that couldn't get explained in the past was blamed on the devil. Poor guy never did Somthing wrong and gets blamed for everything.
I don’t know how your able to connect with so many people but I love it, they are comfortable with you and the way you listen to others 💖💖✨🙏🏻 and helping us understand better
Hi Anthony, no disrespect to those depicted in this video but could you do "I spent a day w buddhist , or spiritual people"
Do one on ADHD its something I struggle with, its one of the most made not real disorders people don't believe it or they wont treat it because of stigma.
I've been having hallucinations for nearly 2 years, and 6 months into having them, I told a psychiatrist, and he said "well you just need to get more sleep", which I get, sleep deprivation can cause hallucinations, but he completely brushed it off as nothing serious. It made me feel crazy, and I haven't talked to a specialist since then.
When he brought  up etika<\3
Could you make a video with ppl with adhd and add? Or maybe anxiety? (I personally struggle with these)
You should do one with blind or deaf people
I love this episode!
I think it would be really interesting if he put one or two little sound effects in randomly in the video in like one side of the audio so if someone was wearing headphones, they might actually be able to see something at least relative to the feeling since they didn’t know is was going to happen
it's great that you make such informative videos about topics like this! schizophrenia seems to be one of the topics that not many people really know about, i didn't know much about it either before watching this. so thanks for creating such great educational content!
EARLY!!!!!
Thank you! I feel like it c9have been more in depth, but I'll take it!
You posted this at a fantastic time. I’m writing a paper on schizophrenia for my college psychology class, I think it’s such an interesting topic.
tbh Anthony, I can't be more happy than I am right now with you making these interesting as fuck videos. (excuse my language) You bringing awareness to all of these topics is so important. It's such a help for people who have encountered these topics, or people who know others that have encounters these topics, but its also a great way to make others aware on how to deal with them. Thank you so much for this and I can't wait for what you bring next.
this is by far the best series on YouTube I have ever seen, these episodes always help me better understand things better and even help me figure myself out a bit.
These videos are only way I’m willing to learn outside of school😭
Teachers should make their students watch this series in class, it's educational, funny, wholesome, respectful, and always about IMPORTANT topics!
That girl who sees a clown has made a ted talk, its worth watching
I'd love to see him spending a day with people with ptsd. There's a lot of stigma and misconceptions that it only affects war veterans or people are dangerous. It would be an interesting interview
Why would someone be scared of people who have hallucinations they can't control it it's not their fault 😔☹️
Can you make "I spent a day with holocaust survivors" there aren't many of them left so it's important to interview them before they are all gone
I friend made a monologue about someone who had Schizophrenia. I would say after hearing this from people who have it. Her research was spot on. She did a good job. She made it more of a mild type where the person hallucinated "The Emerald City" from Wizard of Oz but in Washington.
Insanely powerful, thank you to everyone who spoke and thank you to Anthony and his team once again for bringing something so moving and eye opening to all of us!
Thanks for including Cecilia on this, she's amazing 💖💖
Thank you so much for making this. You have no idea how much this means to me.❤ I had a family member pass away that had schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Again, THANK YOU
YESS IM SO EXCITED IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE
Hey could it be possible for you to make a video on people with disorderd eating/ eating disorders? As a person with one I feel like a very very rarely see representation of us in the media and there’s much more to know about people with eating disorders than just Anorexia as there are so many different types like bulimia or BED
Jorge sounds like he'd be a really good friend he's so cool I love him
Umm I think I have mild schizophrenia because i see people and hear things but no one believes me should I be worried
👏👏👏👏👏
yo 😳
Right here this is doing the Good Work towards a better world.
This makes me feel better that I am not the only one seeing spiders I don’t have any mental disorders ( that I know of ) I think it’s just me being tired though
My uncle has schizophrenia, so I appreciate this video.
Can you spend a day with North Korean defectors? I think that will be a very interesting conversation.
enlightening... especially for my finger tits (but fr though this needed to be shown/watched/shared especially for clarity sake)
Thank you!
i can hear voices myself in my head
anthony should do “i spend a day with people that escaped north korea”
This is so educational in a way that ...Before watching this....If someone told me they were schizophrenic ....I would probably get scared too for no reason because how bad is this condition interpreted.
cecile is so comforting  she like gives of strong mom vibes
Can you please make a video were you sit with people that have dementia it would be very interesting
My Uncle was diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was only 20 years old. He suffers greatly on a daily basis, with Judgmental eyes watching and cruel words whispered. He is currently on his medication, which is good because he feels as if they help him. So much so that sometimes he feels “cured” like he doesn’t need to take them anymore. Only every time that happens he ends up having an episode, leading him to lose another job and an apartment making him homeless... I will never know what it’s like to have this illness. But I do know what it feels like to watch a loved one suffer from it. He is often frightened by what he sees/hears...  it’s painful to watch.. because all I want to do is protect him from what’s scaring him but how can I when I can’t see it?  I’ll sit with him for hours in the closet (he feels safe in there) bring him food, water, anything he needs until he takes his medication again. I’ll defend him from strangers in public when they catch him talking to things that cannot be seen and saying things that rarely make sense. But behind all of this, my uncle is a loving man. Although he has had many jobs, I know that in his heart he is truly an artist. I honestly believe that when he plays his guitar he is telling me the things that have no words...
thank you so much for doing this!
yay! follow cody on tik tok was so excited for this episode :)) great job as always anthony
Eyy ma boi kody!!
Anthony you’re such a sweetheart. This series is amazing and the awareness you’re bringing to the world is so awesome.
The guy with the red earphones made me tear up...he is so right, he only spoke facts and I wish one day he can feel completely open to expressing himself without feeling out down ❤️
!! for the video: trigger warning // clowns (from IT)  , spiders !!  I would've appreciated individual trigger warnings for clowns and spiders, but I understand if it's too much work to always put trigger warnings for all possible triggers. Otherwise, I really love the video! Watching these videos and learning about all these people is sooo interesting and way more fun than you think it'd be!
im also schizophrenic and a mother of 4, i suffer from auditory halucinations and most of the time it is always threatining to hurt my children and most of it starts once i sit down to relax, take a bath and the worst is when i try to lay down to go to bed. it used to keep me up for weeks until they finally figured out what was going on with me. i was already a mother at this time so it was really terrifying and i told them ive never heard people outside my window or outside my bedroom door before... when it first started i got so scared i had all of my kids and i and my husband all sleep in the same bed so that i knew they wouldnt be alone... luckily they were to young to remmember if i didnt find out and start finding ways to manage i could have really messed up their childhood.. ive gotten really good at ignoring these things now, but sometimes its all i can focus on while watching a movie my husband will laugh and look at me and he always can read my face, so i started calling them episodes the really bad ones i cant ignore because i just have to go out there and check... sometimes a few times before i finally just put up cameras everywhere now when i hear things i can pretend like nothing is happening and just see if it is there on camera. if i ever develop visual... i think ill be in alot of trouble
Would it be possible to do a series with people wit bipolar disorder? I feel like it’s one that a lot of people don’t fully understand or think it’s just sudden mood swings when it is so much more than that
Could you make a video about eating disorders
rip etika . I miss u
CECILIA looks better then before.
Do you like Anthony ,why ,because
Can you do I spend a day with a recovering addict ?
im learning so much from this channel omg thanks for always opening my eyes to all of these insightful and difficult topics
It's so brave of people to come forward with their disorders. I know that even talking about my depression is extremely distressing so I admire everyone willing to be interviewed. I hope everyone has a good day.
Anthony is so sweet
Thank you for making this video as a someone with Schizoaffective disorder and PTSD I am happy that I am not the only one.
It's the girl from Special Book by Special kids !!
I'm really glad that at least someone it's discussing this topic, my mother has schizophrenia and whenever we go to the doctor for her diagnosis most of the doctors said that she is fine or she is faking her problems... no one wants to believe this condition easily as long as they saw with their own eyes. Her symptoms include mumbling on her own(alone), lack of sleep or almost no sleep, hearing voices in head, extreme aggressiveness and sometimes she saw illusions.
I would loove to have a podcast of these series :)
So educational... I appreciate everyone sharing with us.
I love cecilia she’s so beautiful and so inspiring 🥺
I think a video like this is really important, especially with all the misrepresentations of people living with neurological disorders and anyone who is just even a little neurologically divergent, because it really helps alleviate the stigmas against those of us with neurological disorders. I’m so happy that you always handle these topics well and you treat all of your guests with the amount of respect and kindness that they deserve.
It once happened to me in the subway that a girl came up and touched me. I looked at her confused and she told me really embarrassed that she has schizoprenia (sorry if i spelled it wrong) at that time i didnt know that much about it but i remember i said something like its ok and turned away. And now knowing more about it i feel so bad of the way i reacted. I am a really anxious person myself so yeah ^^"
Amazing episode again Anthony, thank you for all of the work you do to share awareness on all human subjects
Anthony is so good at understanding, whenever he tries to describe what someone on his show is going through and/or gone through I always hear them say "exactly".
OMG ISNT CECILIA THAT WOMAN FROM THE TED TALK ABOUT SCHIZOPHRENIA?!? I LOVE THAT TED TALK AND SHES SO GREAT!
damn this one is good
I will not get over the fact that he went from just a regular kid who wanted to make videos with his friend and then growing that into a whole little empire and then splitting from that to spread awareness and to educate abt all these different topics Anthony Padilla is truly a blessing to this earth
I love your videos are super educational
Super informative and it really puts a perspective on everything! Great episode! And i loved all of ur guests!
not first
I didn’t even recognize her!!
I can not imagine seeing things, hearing things, or feeling things because that’s scary as hell but I could never relate bc I don’t experience what they do.. they’re really the strongest people ❤️
Try talk to people who are impotent. I'd like know what it's like living with no sexual desire.
Anthony generally understands the various problems and conditions that people have in their lives and, in return, learns it through interviews in the process. What a nice, intelligent young man.
I used to date someone who has Schizophrenia; she was the sweetest person I had ever met, these stereotypes and wrongful labels people give anybody who has this illness, it's terrible. I may never know what it's personally like to experience such a thing, but I've had to deal with someone who suffered from it daily. Take care everyone, thank you all for being such a wonderful community.
AAAA I was so excited to seeee Kodyyyyyyy
After watching these vids I’m like “Oh shoot I have that!” (Which I obviously don’t)
This was so informative and helpful. As I am meeting new people, I always want to know about different types of people with different situations and mindsets, and this has really helped put things into perspective. Thank you for venturing into these topics, Anthony,  you're videos are inspiring me to change my perspective and learn to be more accepting of everyone of all types!
I really appreciate what Anthony does with this series, he brings awareness to people about serious topics, and always makes everyone who participates in the series is comfortable and be able to tell their story, and they're always able to have a little fun in their interviews, he’s always respected towards them and doesn’t invade their privacy, and he’s willing to listen and learn and that to me is the best thing he’s able to do and more people should follow his example so thank you, Anthony.💜
Please do new one about DID
the emotion in this video was really raw and beautiful, we need to normalize people showing their true feelings
21:28 btw this is just for me ok
imangine having schizophrenia and taking shrooms
THANK YOU ANTHONY FOR BEING SO KIND, AND THANK YOU TO THE PEOPLE WHO HELP US UNDERSTAND MORE ABOUT YOU!
Hey I'm early
10:28 ;-; what?
I was waiting for this one. My ex, the one that got away, unfortunately hurt someone close to him (before I met him) due to his schizophrenia but he was still so full of creativity, full of passion.. Though I wasn't what he needed at the time and will likely never see him again, deep down, I will always wish him the best
I love what you do Anthony- this is an amazing series and has really taught people that these people need to be treated just like everyone else. I found out from your Synethesia video that I have it. These videos really help people realize that they are people too- that they can enjoy life- and that they shouldn’t be put down for it. Keep doing what you do, you’ve taught me and others so much about stuff like this and I can’t thank you enough.
This show is so important. Keep spreading awareness!
etika talk really got me to tears,,,, people are taking other's voices and that shouldn't be happening. anthony is giving people chances to speak up with their own voices to give us geniune experience and bullet points to help destigmatize such things. we should all try to help in that mission.
If you ever do a video on PTSD I'd love to take part. I feel like I have a unique insight on it due to having different traumas that has caused my PTSD.
The fact that this could still develop in your life is terrifying
Early squad babbyyy
I wish I had these videos when I was younger to understand more in depth about things I never understood. I find a lot of weeks when I watch this series, I see things I never knew before about people I knew/know.   It’s never too late to learn new things and I’m happy we have these now to become more educated. You’re doing amazing work giving voices to so many people and it’s so SO appreciated. 💕
if it's possible, could you include captions?
I've seen Cecilia's Ted Talks, and other talks she's done. She's a great advocate for this diagnosis. This series has become such a great stepping stone to others getting more informed.
my mom has schizophrenia. it’s been really rough. she’s had it my whole life. i’ll spare the details but i’ve seen her try to commit suicide more than once and the first time was in 4th grade. she’s said some nasty things to me during her episodes but i still love her all the same. it’s important for people with schizophrenia to be supported and surrounded by people who love them. i don’t know what my mom would do without my dad (the sad thing is her illness frames my dad as the villain even though he’s done everything for her).
Nice video
I just want to share this. I'm from the philippines and we have a neighbor whose living alone in a small hut. She waters the plants in weird times and screams and talk at random times (early in the morning like 3 to 4 am). I'm concerned about her because everyone is kind of getting mad at for doing stuff like that. Everyone also thinks that she's crazy but she lives alone and she can manage herself. She's living like a normal person
It's nice to see that I'm not alone :3
WERE THE "i spent the day with school shooter suviourves " i was excited for that
talking about Etika broke me
I'm actually surprised how much they are composed and aware of their condition.
Great video! ❤️
I think Mr.Beast should invite Anthony for the YouTube Rewind ♥️
My bestfriend was just recently diagnosed with schizophrenia after going through psychosis. It's been really hard for him these past few weeks. Thank you so much for this video Anthony.  Thank you so much for everyone in the video. ♡
THANK YOU!!! I've been waiting for this. I think you should really do one on people with narcissistic personality disorder next.
I'm loving these videos so much. It's so amazing to not only have the information of these disorders and traumatic events people are going through, but also have a first hand account openly available to the public. I've very glad you've stepped up and provided me and so many others with a platform to learn and be represented. Thank you, sending well wishes to you and everyone who was in the video today. :)
This might be unrelated but how does Anthony keep jumping from the ceiling
Wow that's a really smart idea to use your phone to decide if it's a hallucination or not.
i expérience depersonalization derealization due to severe anxiety and some of my symptoms can like seem like this which makes me scared bc i’ve also developed dementophonia from derealization. like sometimes nothing feels real and i feel like i’m floating and i’ll think maybe i died or am in a coma or a dream but the n i can rationally understand it’s not true.
I love your videos! I was wondering if you would consider doing a video on depersonalization and derealization?
omg the spider hallucinations...I can't  imagine how terrifying that must be. 😰
Kind of Off topic but when he was talking about his other videos, and he said "At your fingertips"  i thought he said "at your fingert*ts" and i LOST it 😂
This episode hits VERY hard for me. My mom was schizophrenic, severely. I had to admit her to the mental hospital last fall. It got to the point where she slipped into a catatonic state, and a few months later, she died of a heart attack. January 28th 2020....this disorder can be worse than you could ever imagine, to say the very least.
Trisha new video idea
If Anthony hasn’t already made a video where he interviews ppl with ADHD he definitely should
Thank you for this video !!
I honestly appreciate this episode in particular, because for a long time I never truly understood what having schizophrenia entailed. Now I feel like I know a lot more. Thank you so much✨
I have no idea how I’d be able to deal with having this. I’ve already got other disorders and neurological issues to deal with. These people are strong-willed.
I’m so glad that people are talking about this
The fact that he will pause and rephrase things in order to not trigger anyone or give negative connation just proves that he really does care.
I feel like this is how every disease was handled back then:  Disease: *exists* *Humanity:* DEMONS YA BOI IS HERE.
Thank you so much to the guests on your show Anthony. Sharing their stories is so important for folk in the wider community, so they have deeper understanding and therefore, compassion and empathy. 💜💜💜
Please do Empaths/Lightworkers
How doesn't he have like 100mil subs ...     How
I'd love to see a depersonalization/derealization interview. A lot of people have it but it's criminally understudied and hard to get treatment for, it'd be nice to get the word out there for awareness.
Please make a video about Scizotypal people
How about people who have survived a suicide attempt? Feel like that would be an interesting episode.
I would love to see trauma. Because I had it. It was horrible
Dude, I love how respectful he is. Like its weird how much respect he gives.
Can you do ' I spent a day with peopple with dementia'? that would be cool
one of my most frequent hallucinations is spiders/bugs either crawling under my skin or up my throat ☹️ better ones are hearing music play in my head all the time and some voices doing commentary or telling me to do things
I was so excited to see Kody!! Been following him on Tik Tok for a while, thank you Anthony for shining light onto very serious subjects!!!
Thanks Anthony ❤️❤️❤️ - someone with DID
I've been following Kody's story on tiktok and he's such a good person. He shows the raw side of what he goes through and makes others feel like they aren't alone. Thank you for sharing these!
i was like yes!!! when i saw cecilia was in this video. i’ve been following her for so long (since the first sbsk video on her) and i’m so happy people go to her to share her story
You did a good job on the blood and makeup series with Brandon
At first glance, I thought the title said "I spent a day with people w/ PEDOPHILIA" Thankfully I was wrong.
This meant the world to me! Thank you Anthony! My brother was diagnosed with schizophrenia two years ago and he has refused any help but seeing people who have the same struggles still able to function gives me hope that eventually he will ask for help and let me in.
Love this series! please do an episode of ADHD 💖
my best friend has schizophrenia and he’s one of the best people i’ve ever met schizophrenia does not make you insane or evil it’s just a disorder
One of them is a tiktok
Anthony is fucking amazing this guy literally makes everyone feel extremely comfortable I’m actually going to make my YouTube channel and this guy is definitely my inspiration
As someone who has mental illnesses (not schizophrenia) but he really is very non judgemental and kind. It is very hard and a delicate thing to do something like this. Anthony does it really well and is never disrespectful which I feel is very important.
i am color deficient. i would love to be a guest to help people understand those with colorblindness.
they are so strong
Haven't heard "Wonderous world" in a looong time...
i've been waiting for this one! turn it up!! but for real I've always been super curious about people with schizophrenia and i'm really grateful for you sharing this
You should do a video with people with dementia if that’s possible
this was so interesting! i also completely agree with celia we *need* to be more educated on disorders like this i also see spiders i wouldn’t call it hallucinations as such i just see lines and blobs and assume they’re spiders i always thought it was because of my irrational fear of arachnids
Can you spend a day with Age regressors?You did ''adult babies'' but the video didn't show the coping mechanism side of it .It showed more the weirder lowkey kinky side of it and kind of stigmatized the whole thing for many.
this sounds like such a scary thing to live with these people are incredibly brave
I’m so excited to see Kody on here!
He should do a day with teenagers
Wow my heart seriously goes out to anyone who suffers from this
I talk to inanimate objects sometimes when I feel like I was too rough with it or if I said something mean about it i'd apologize. Sometimes i feel like I have to remind myself that they are just objects lol
I think schizophrenia is the most fascinating mental disorder and I have a lot of respect for the people that have to deal with it
AHH IM SO EARLY
I remember hearing somewhere that the only people who can tickle themselves are people with schizofrenia. I kept trying to check by tickling myself, for years, just to be sure.   Well, turns out...
I first seen kody on TikTok for some reason I knew he was gonna be on here!! Keep it up Anthony you are doing amazing work on here!
Why did u put the og IT?! I almost had a  heart attack.
I'll be honest I was just about to say that there was this woman who did an amazing TED talk about schizophrenia, until I realised that she was already in the video and I didn't recognise her because her hair grew out :P
Finaly!!! Yes! I waited for this for sooo longggg
I have been waiting for this video for so long because I have been watching Kody green for a really long time!
Jorge sounds a lot like Sive (PewDiePie's editor). Just saying
My mum knows someone with schizophrenia and this has helped me understand it more than before :)
DONT SAY to someone with Schizophrenia, don't say 'oh what if it's real!' or 'you might be seeing another dimension!' or something. That can actually make their hallucinations worse and can induce panic. Don't do that.
I wish more folks were able to be understanding as he is with so many different types of people.
i clicked so fast
I experience auditory hallucinations when I'm up for a few days. It is a strange & scary thing to happen. My daughter was in bed asleep next to me, yet I heard her voice calling for me coming from her bedroom! 😱 Just bonkers if you don't understand why or how it's happening. I wish more people could experience it, so they could be more understanding towards those who suffer from it daily. Thank you for you entire channel. Spreading the love & understanding removes the fear of the unknown or Hollywood stigmatization. 🤗💖
The way Anthony validates all their feelings and can exactly understand what they are saying and helping them express what they want to put into words is just amazing!
This is super informative 🤓😊
You should interview people with IBS or Type One Diabetes!
I LOVE THESE VIDS! THEY ARE MASSIVELY INTERESTING! Thanks ❤
Around 10:35 I thought I heard Anthony say right at your fingerTITS I wouldn't be surprised if he did say it since his website is the padilldo shop
hi antonnio padilla
I've struggled with severe paranoia before which I know does not compare but I'm just amazed at how strong these people are to deal with these things on a daily basis❤️
Absolutely right about talking to kids earlier about mental health and illness. I have childhood trauma from my OCD and not knowing what was going on. Great video as always <3
Omg Cecilia! I first saw her on Special Books by Special Kids!! She’s glowing and seems much more at peace <3 thank you for always providing such a safe space for everyone Anthony !!
Anyone notice how he haven’t been falling through the ceiling lately it’s probably getting fixed after all the times he crashed through it
These people are so kind even though they have to deal with hallucinations and such. Kudos for them 👏👏👏
I love these videos!!! Always interesting and informative.
These comments are too recent for me to like lol
You should talk to recovering addicts! I’ll talk to you!!!
One of the best in this series! Anthony has the sweetest most compassionate attitude toward people no matter their circumstance.... We need more of that.
i often kill myself in my dreams to stop dreaming   imagine if i started having delusions and killed myself irl
Thanks for teaching me Anthony
hey anthony, it would really help me out as someone stuggling with ocd if you could do an interview about that? and also possibly discus the song OCD by gmm :) thank you
Hi early gang
Hey can you possibly do something on dpdr (derealization and depersonalization)
Are those voices they are hearing like my unconscious thoughts. But their brain is conscious of those thoughts and make them believe they're external voices?
I’ve been following you for so long, and I’ve been waiting for this episode forever!!! and I’m so glad it’s finally here!!!! my boyfriend of 6+ years has schizophrenia, and I cannot express to you how passionate I am about it’s awareness. schizophrenia is SO INCREDIBLY misunderstood. there is so much stigma and fear around it, and I’m so glad your channel is here to bring light to these tough subjects. thank you so much!!!!
EL CORXEA
I would like to say it’s really hard to see people with this condition and not knowing what it’s like. I have a sister, who’s paranoid schizophrenic, and knowing the mindset is hard!
I have a question to anyone with auditory schizophrenia, if u live alone does it scare u that u hear voices?
If you are seeing this, you are *SPEED*
Cool and all, but wtf with the thumbnail bro, thats strait gross and offensive. It looks like a game theory thumbnail. But i guess im not schizophrenic so who am i to say.
oOoOOoO its JUST SCHIZOPHRENIA im gonna be fine
Could you do a series with people who have OCD and OCPD   I would love to see what it’s like to have these conditions x
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR SO LONG FOR THIS!! Ever since Kody said he got an interview on tiktok
last time i was this early corpse was telling horror stories
There's so many stuff which are fake about this, thanks for talking about it and thank you to the guests, it takes a lot of courage to get out there
My dad is a paranoid schizophrenic and I have BPD so I'm so glad he did videos on both of them. The stigma around both of the disorders makes it unbelievably hard to talk to people about.
I’m going to get lost in the comments but idc  Listen if you are suffering with any disorder I am here for you :) I have a couple disorders I am not going to say.. but I do! And I hope you guys are ok :)
Your so understanding i feel comforted even though i dont have anything to do with this
Hey Anthony got a new tv, it is better than the old one and looks more natural for talking because of the vertical aspect ratio.
I want him to make a video with people who suffer from depression. I feel like its really a misunderstood mental health problem that hs been completely devalued of its severity by the media. That video would definitely help in some regards.
I love how personable he is. He seems to make them really comfortable, and I really like that. I feel like it really makes the content that much better.
Just this morning I was watching Kody’s TTs for the first time. 😯
OMGOSH as someone who has a literal phobia of clowns I CANNOT imagine hallucinating a clown! My heart goes out to cecelia!
hi
is anthony talking to people trough a mirror???!!
Yooo it’s one of my favorite tiktokers and my og favorite YouTuber
So happy to see Kody on here, I remember him posting about wanting to talk to Anthony- hes an amazing creator
Heeelllllooooo!!!🥀🥀🥀🥀
👀
anthony should really start trying professional journalism, it would really work as he really is amazing at these interviews
thank you so much for doing this series, it’s so informative
This might sound mean but this kinda triggered me because my mom has this and she tired to k*ll me when i was a baby so whenever I hear the word i wanna cry I'm fine tho :)
YES FINALLY
I clicked so fast I-
People with Schizophrenia are way too often portrayed as ''crazy'' and ''violent''. These people are human and I'm glad this series is bringing light to various misunderstood groups of people. Thank you Anthony & Co <3
this guy is so nice to them
Hello! I hope everyone is well! To anyone who needs it sending my love ❤️!
Where does Anthony right pod go
Please spend a day with people diagnosed with ASPD !
Has he done a video with people who have extreme anxiety?
He's so sweet and understanding. I could totally sit with him for the first time and feel like we're best friends 😌
I read the title as “I spend a day with schizophrenia”
honestly anthony is probably the most respectful youtuber/interviewer on the internet
Please do one with psychopaths/sociopaths.
Hey Anthony! I loved this interview, I love all your interviews especially the ones about mental health! Heres a suggestion for the next interview, i would really appreciate it if you interviewed people with Bipolar disorder! Unfortunately, it has a lot of stigma surrounding it and is really misunderstood by other people, so I believe it would be wonderful to educate people and erase some of that stigma! 😊
I follow Kody on tiktok and he mentioned being on this episode. I'm so excited to watch 🥺
There is a Croatian Dream on YouTube (he is copying him)
Anthony out here doing better interviews than these people who are actual interviewers
I guarantee every commenter here hasn't seen the whole video  (Vid was uploaded 6mins ago
I never thought I would see cody on here :OOO h2aw4gL24WHG
I love Anthony because he brings awareness to all these mental illnesses and diseases and because of that I would love if he would do a video about type one diabetes, it’s crazy that 1.25 million Americans have this disease and I am one of those people with it. And we have a lot of technology for it but if you could bring awareness and funds for type one diabetes that would be greatly appreciated, thank you Anthony and you are amazing
anthony is so open minded in his interviews and day to day life and i know a lot of people could learn from him  lots of love<3 keep up the great work
I think it's great how he makes people with serious diseases and other issues so comfortable. And it's impressive how he always finds a way to joke with these people over the issues without being disrespectful 😊 Also I really enjoy the education about topics only a few people want to talk about
Notif squad! :)
im here when it said "6 minutes ago"
Hey Anthony been a fan since 2008, really glad you’re doing a video on schizophrenia, my younger brother has it and so does my uncle
This is interesting, but the "entertainment" effects, makes me feel a little irked watching this
watching this makes me think i have schizophrenia
I halucinate a lot and don’t know if there linked to anything but thats relatable
I absolutely love how respectful Anthony is with his guests
I just feel pure respect for this people, I wouldn’t be able to deal with this. Thanks for educating me on this
Video idea i spent a day with people just people :>
Hello
I haven't even started watching yet to write this and say I'm excited to see this for the fact that my mother and uncle have suffered from this illness all of my life. It's been a huge mark on my family and something we've struggled to understand. I'm grateful for today's medicine and that it allows people to live normal lives. Growing up, my biggest fear was and still is that myself or children/nieces will develop this disease. I've spent the majority of my adult life trying to research and understand but also learn how to help my mother live the best life she can. It's messed up how people of past generations have not been able to have the same treatment that we do now. There's definitely a spectrum of schizophrenia, not everyone has the same.
Luv you Padilla
Damn this channel should be a Netflix series 💖
*imagine knowing someone as accepting and understanding as Anthony, couldn’t be me*
When you're here before you get notified! Sit back, relax, and learn about the world of schizophrenia!
THESCHIZOPHRENICHIPPIE POGU
My uncle who had schizophrenia took his life last year and he never really told anyone about it or how bad it was and I really wanted to know about it more so this video helped
Thank you Anthony for spreading awarness!!!!
I love that someone like Anthony Padilla and his platform speak on mental health as often as he does! Mental Health is so important people!
come back next week for *I spent a day with EX-C.I.A. AGENTS* -new episode of this series every week so consider 🔴subscribing. —ps: shoutout to everyone who has turned on notifications 🔔 and directly support me in continuing this series.
LETS GOO SPAMMING ANTHONY WITH @s ON TIKTOK WORKED KODY MADE IT WOOOOO!!!!
I have to go to school 😩
It must be terrifying to deal with something like that schizophrenia knowing every little thing they see or hear that is horrifying
I apologize for going off subject but is there any chance you could make a video talking to lucid dreamers? There's allot about psychology we can learn from lucid dreaming and dreams in general and it would be cool to see something I'm passionate about reach a larger audience. You could even have them deacribe their scariest lucid nightmares and sleep paralysis, and you could also have both natural licid dreamers and people who learned it through practice on and they can show their different points of view on these topics. They can also teach people how lucid dreams can actually be benificial like using it to help with new skills, or just learning more about yourself. There's so much potential in the subject of lucid dreaming and I feel like it gets overlooked way too much
All these people commenting like “Anthony was so kind in this video” 1 minute after the video is uploaded, like bro you haven’t seen the video you just want likes, it’s annoying
I think you should spend a day with narcissist. And im not talking about egoist people im talking about people with NPD. Narcissistic people are demonised so much, i really wanna get to see what they think. Are they suffering from their condition or are they just proud, rude and annoying.
Cecelia is rocking the quality mic. 😎😎
I'm supposed to be doing homework, but I'll just stay here for a little while
hallucinations of pennywise???  hell nah 💀💀💀
Im glad Anthony us talking about this topic, as I had a cousin who struggled with schizophrenia for most of his life.
Woah
Just wanted to say that Anthony is doing an amazing thing by interviewing these people because I'm learning so much!
here before 10k views : p
Thank you for bringing the topic
Hi this was 22 seconds ago
Omg omg omg Ive been waiting for this and I'm so excited kody is in it
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO ONE ON TRICHOTILLAMANIA/DERMATILLAMANIA!!!! IT'S SO INTERESTING (maybe im biased because i have it) PLEASEE!!!!!
262 comments in the first 2 mins?
Que paso con ELSmohs
how did i get here so early. looking forward to the vid
I really like the topics he does. They are rlly interesting
I haven't been so early wow
Very interesting. Thanks Anthony
I thought i was hallucinating when i saw the upload.
I love these videos, they help me to understand people groups that I am so ignorant about.
Can you make a video with People with toilet Anxiety, look it up on Google If you dont what it is
i love the work anthony has done and is doing to destigmatize things like this
Finally!!! Love your video! So happy that you are raising awareness about this misunderstood topic!!! This sort of videos help fighting against the stigma, thank u so much👏💛
I swear if Twomad isn't in this video
uh-hi
So early he hasn’t come out the roof
IM EARLY YAYYYY🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Loving this series hope it never ends!! 😊😊😊❤❤❤❤
I suggest you do an episode od depersonalization derealization disorder! Ive had it since i was 7 and im 34 its a very jarring thing to live with.
This is why you’re my favorite, you listen to everyone get their points of view  without judging them 💕
do one ab adhd and HMU NOOOW
You most likely won't see his but, I'm really happy you've started doing this series. I've learned about so many topics and I've also learned how to not offend certain people or even ways to keep myself protected. I thought I should finally say this. Also I love how you stopped saying "wonderous world" with more serious topics.
Thank you for making this video!
Anthony you are doing something massive.. mental health is an important topic the most content creaters won't talk about ...but you are doing it ... you are making people aware of something important ..thank you
Thank you for the wholesome work you've been doing with mental health visibility. As a therapist, I'm loving these videos 💖
earlyyyyy!
Have you made a video about people with OCD?
Wow how can there be so many comments in the firast minute First time early bird
ayyyyyeee
When are you doing the one for OCD?(lov ur vids)
ITS CODY I LOVE CODY
As a psychology major I love this exposure to more mental illnesses on things like the media and getting real people with these different psychological aspects of themselves to reveal their experiences with them :)
You are so close to 5 mil
Off
I love that your informing people. My uncle has it and has been deal with it for a long time. And many people have called him crazy and have been very rude. And I love seeing that you did this! And bring light to this topic
Yo hold on I'm really early ;w;
Love your vids they bring bad things to the surface and give a unique opportunity to understand these, things.
Thx for making me feel seen espescially since it feels like no one ever talks about it besides in a negative light
Relax bro it's just a simulation, dreams are an escape.
Early✌❤❤
Oh, i remember requesting this topic! Thank you so much!!
Incredibly important topic ! Can you spend a day with people with ADHD?
Haven’t been so early in any of your video ... this would be interesting, I was looking forward to this & learn more
what’s up early gang
I'm so excited to watch this! Thank you for making these videos and educating people <3
Hippie!!!!!!!!!🥰
You know your early when a video has 4 views but 389 likes
Fun fact: 100% of the people commenting haven’t watched the video and of those 99% are bots
I was gonna throw hands if you didn’t do it with kody 😤
i’ve never clicked so fast
1 like = 1 live saved to a covid case 🤒
man padildo really met alot of people over the years
Plot twist: Anthony is schizophrenic and he’s just talking to himself the whole time.      Edit: I don’t mean to offend anyone I realize this is a dark topic and I was just trying to lighten the mood, I’m sorry if I offended anyone.
This will be interesting
If you dislike this early you need to be subscribed and have post notifications
This has become my favorite series on YouTube. What a better way to educate yourself on a topic than by listening to people from that community. I applause you Anthony for always being so respectful about the subjects.
wao
Ive been looking forward to this episode! So glad you got to chat to Kody about his expierences.
early❤️❤️
i’m suffering from schizophrenia and hearing other peoples stories and how they deal with this is giving me hope that i’ll be okay. and it’s nice to know im not alone
I’m glad you cover such important topics with such respect. It’s amazing.
i'm so proud of kody!!
id love to see a video of an interview with people who are nonbinary or have disautonomy
when youre early but you dont know what to say
My name is Jordan Padilla
YouTube : 68 comments  Me: can I see? YouTube : No❤️
Thank you so much for this video. People seem go get so scared when they hear that I've got psychosis which is kind of like schizophrenia. They don't understand it fully. You are amazing for bringing light to these topics I have so much love and respect for you Anthony. 🤍🤍
He makes everyone feel so comfortable and doesn’t judge at all. A lot of people could learn from that
Omg im so early
Both of my parents are bipolar and my dad also has schizophrenia. It’s hard seeing the people u love going thru this. It’s so hard on all of us ❤️ My dad has tried to kill me multiple times, although I’ve never thought he was actually going to do it. I’ve had chairs thrown at me, i was beat in the face with a hardcover bible, knives pulled out on me. It’s rough but it has gotten better as I’ve gotten older and more mature. I understand its not his fault while still holding him accountable for the hurt I’ve felt. We have grown together and have a good relationship for the first time now that I’m in my 30s.
I truly appreciate the fact how open Anthony is with all of his guest's🤟🏽😌
Oh damn, didn’t even realise how close Anthony is to 5 million subs. After all, these videos are all so interesting.
Been looking forward to this episode!
36 views  and 663 likes. Makes sense
Schizophrenia is cool
Anthony I’m deaf, please consider adding on screen captions built into your videos for accessibility!
Anthony Padilla feet pics
My mom suffers from this from her boyfriends who use to abuse her when I was a kid so thank you for making this awareness video.
Bruh this series would pop off on Netflix
Have a good day everyone
I actually have schizophrenia, at like the worst degree. And personality disorders. Tbh half the time don’t even know who I am. In my mind I’m labeled as a fucking danger to myself and everyone I love. So I just stay quiet.  Edit: Thanks everyone for the support on my music.. it means so much that all I did was open up a little and so many nice people came to support me. Thank you all so so much.
I really love his videos, he breaks stereotypes everytime and is so friendly. 10/10 always!
Since most of Anthony's videos are demonetized please watch the ads to support him!! He deserves it!!
I love this series - keep up the AMAZING work Anthony. The shirt is true; you are definitely the best interviewer out there.
36 views and 269 likes, maGiK
Very informative
Did you dump Mikey yet? Lol
Never been this early 😄
Love that the first comments are bot comments
0:27 that guy looks like Michael form the hype house
Um yes
Hello I'm not a bot
Keep up the great work ! I clicked on this soo fast lol
Omg I’m actually early love this
love the video Anthony
Here early! Can't wait for this one, schizophrenia is so interesting to me and I'm sure there are loads of misconceptions about it
Yess!! Who else has been waiting for this?!
omg
Another interesting video!
Glad you made this ❤️
I CLICK SO FAST BECAUSE THIS IS ONE THING I'VE ALWAYS BEEN VERY FASCINATED WITH
I see notification, I click. It's simple. Thank you Anthony for doing what you do and educating people.
❤❤❤❤❤
Anthony your videos are really helping people with education, or maybe even people who have it. Thanks for teaching people about subjects some may not be familiar with.
Yess Ive been waiting for the video with Kody in it
Hallo
Early s
As always Anthony touches on topics I barely see anyone even think of talking about. Thanks for making genuinely educational content.
Can you do I spent a day with people who lost family members to suicide.
where’s twomad?
Wow
I'M SO EARLY
Luv ur videos, keep spreading awareness thankyou Anthony
What’s up Broski 🦋
as yes, bots.
HOLY SHIT IM SO ON TIME! I WAS SO WAITING FOR THIS! THANK YOUU
Why did I think of Linkin Park's song Papercut when I saw the title of the video?
I kinda expected this to be a joke where he just talks to no one interviewing them
This comment isnt likebait.
Wow
I have been waiting for this episode
YEES KODY!! 💖💖💖
Hai
anthony is so underrated wow
Perfect Timing 👌
My god the bots are already here!!
OOOOO I'm Excited for thissssss
I enjoy this so much! Thank you Anthony❤️
É GÆ
Early as fuck
92nd
View #5 😎
Lol
I follow The guy in the thumbnail on tiktok
Claim your "before 1 million views" button
Damn I'm early
Hi
Yo this is mad
4 views and 30 likes... makes sense 🤔😂
so glad ur talking abt this !! luv u
What
Ok... this sounds interesting...
I am once again asking that you do people with bipolar and hit my line
First time in a week I click something so fast
The YouTube king is slaying again, bringing us quality content!!
Ooo time to watch it
Noti squad
Hi
POG
Ratatata
Hi
YES SIR , I HAVE BEEN WAITING
I have been your fan my whole life
I've been a fan for a long time
Lol
IM SO INTRIGUED
Oh. My. God. I can't believe i'm so early for once (even if it's like 9 pm lmao)
I've been waiting this! Kody ❤️
Helloooo
Hello :>
I was waiting for this one!!
18th COMMENT
I thought twomad was gonna be in this
this is more important than anything-
Im wayyyyy to early
Hello! 🥳
I love these types of vids
i heard if i’m early i’ll get that anthony padilla ❤️
early
Bruh
45th😏🛢
Love the video!
I love watching these videos
First
Yes I love Kody from TickTock
I've been waiting for this
okay 35 seconds ago
<3
I love this video can you do a video about bipolar or non binary people please
only 3 bot comments i think thats a record
Never clicked on a video so fast 👏👏👏
I live this series
hi!!! love your videos so much!!
First Non-Bot
Fact: 2 people cant be first
howdy
Zoinks 20 million? Damn.
Hi
damn im early
Yay I'm early
Oof
Only 3 comments?
Kato best girl
First ish
Hey dudes
hi
WOW IM EARLY
38th
nice
that’s crazy
FIRST
yesss
early
:o
Hey I love your videos
I got here so fast😃
Meep!
You know the rules
Early and excisted to see the video
notif squad wya
*I AM SPEEEED*
First
I’m first yess!
We are all speeeeeeeeeeeed
Hii
Hiiii
